BDSM Library - Morituri




Morituri
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of Taleena, a proud and passionate young woman of the Roman provinces, who is sold into slavery and finds herself chained to an oar of a galley as a punishment for offending her owner.  After surviving that degrading ordeal, the beautiful blonde becomes both spectacle and swordswoman at the gladiator school of Flavius Autronius, where she is trained by her new masters to fight for her life and liberty in the arenas of Rome.
This is a work of fiction; if you can't tell the difference between reality and
fantasy please do not read further. The author in no way condones any form of
violence or non-consensual sex.

This is a historical fantasy, set in imperial Rome. While I have used a number
of Latin terms and expressions in an effort to make this story reasonably
authentic, the principal characters and events in this story are fictional.

Last but not least I would like to thank Boccaccio who edited this story. It
wouldn't be what it is without the time and trouble he spent with the revision,
so I would like to dedicate the result to this great author.

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author. Permission to copy, republish or distribute it in any
form is prohibited with the sole exception of personal, non-commercial use.




MORITURI

         by  POLYBIOS


PART  ONE  -  THE ARENA


	So let us have some fighting now,
	and no more speeches.
			        THE ILIAD


I.
	This was Ostia, the center of Mediterranean commerce: one hundred and
sixty acres of moorings to which all the Empire's ships came, eager to cough up
their various loads. It was mid-morning, and the quays were already full of
people - workers still pouring in from the Via Ostiensis, mixing with clerks,
customs officers, owners of vessels and goods, all jostling on the jetties with
passengers and porters. Merchants, sailors, pimps and prostitutes thronged the
wine stores and waterfront taverns, exchanging gossip, bartering or just having
their pre-lunch drinks. Soldiers and marines forced their way through the crowd,
eagerly searching out the ladies of the town, while barkers at the booths and
stalls carried on their roaring trade.

	It was a cloudy day on the Kalends of April, but now and then a ray of
sun slanted through the clouds, illuming the busy scenery, picking out a small
group of men in the middle of this waterfront turmoil. Flavius Autronius was
standing on one of the quaysides, accompanied by several attendants, waiting for
the owner of the ship that moored there. The Thetis, for that was the sturdy
little galley's name, had just arrived from Massilia where she had picked up his
precious load, and Flavius was visibly anxious to learn whether the goods would
come up to his expectations.

	A stout little man emerged at the top of the gangway. "Flavius!" he
exclaimed with a broad smile, coming down the plank with his arms widely spread.
He was a merchant who knew how to ensnare his customers, but Flavius didn't let
himself be taken in by the man's professional affability. Being the owner of one
of the Empire's most famous fighting schools, Flavius was in constant need of
fresh recruits for the gladiatorial ring, and thus was one of the slave trader's
best customers.

	"Balbinus," he returned the greeting in a reserved manner, ignoring the
man's eagerness to please. "Had a good trip? Everything right with my chattels?"

	"Of course, of course," Balbinus hurried to appease his grim business
partner. "Things couldn't be better."

	Flavius was a middle-aged man of solid build who had put on some weight,
too, but whereas Balbinus was merely fat, the muscles in Flavius' arms told
their own story. He was a former gladiator himself who had won more than one
hundred fights before he had been liberated by personal decree of the Emperor,
and his self-confident bearing bespoke every inch of his glorious fighting past.
His hair had whitened early due to the exhilarating thrill of battle, and the
generous girth which stretched the belt of his richly embroidered blue tunic,
along with his restlessly roving gaze suggested a man of ravenous appetites.
After his emancipation, he had decided to use his talents as a gladiators'
manager, and soon his fighters had become as notorious as he had been before he
had retired from his career in the ring.

	"I'll show you the stock," Balbinus said and clapped his hands,
indicating to the sailors who still stood at the top of the gangway that it was
time to discharge. A small group of men, six in total, was marched along,
followed by a girl, and chains rattled over the planks as they all came down and
lined up at the quayside, ready for their new owner's inspection.

	"This is Arminius," Balbinus introduced them, pointing at the first man
in the row, a brawny giant with short-cropped sandy hair. "A deserter. He served
in the auxiliaries of the Fourth Legion before he decided to change sides and
join his rebellious brothers on the other bank of the Rhine." He pointed towards
the three bearded, wild-eyed men next in the line who looked more like Teutonic
barbarians than the ex-legionary.

	Flavius had expected something like that. Most of the recruited fighters
had been taken as prisoners of war, and the fierce Germans indeed showed good
promise of putting up brave fights in the amphitheatre.

	"The two Numidians I bought from the salt mines of Carthage," Balbinus
continued, tilting his head at the two emaciated black men. "They'll certainly
meet your requirements."

	Flavius regarded the malnourished Africans cautiously, before deciding
that the healthy fare he fed his recruits would soon restore their natural
vigour.  Life in the mines was nasty, brutish and short, so any mine slave would
prefer anything to the hopelessness of knowing that only death would put an end
to his ceaseless toil. Life expectancy in the amphitheatres might be low, too,
but at least there was the small chance of being pardoned after several seasons
of bravery, and the two Africans looked determined enough to grasp that chance.

	"No women?" Flavius asked, ignoring the dark-haired prisoner at the end
of the line, although he had noticed her supple body and beautiful features.
Since there had recently been a growing demand for new attractions, he had even
decided to train female combatants, but this one was so small and thin that it
seemed inconceivable that she could survive for long in the arena. She appeared
to be little more than a girl, but despite her seemingly youthful innocence
there was something depraved in her eyes.

	"Oh, yes," Balbinus replied, irritated by Flavius' ignorance. "This one.
Selia, from Corduba." He seized the girl by the arm and compelled her to step
forward. "The local magistrate had sentenced her ad bestias for murdering her
master, so she's supposed to know how to kill."

	"I'm intrigued," Flavius retorted disparagingly. Unlike the men, most of
the female fighters were recruited from the ranks of condemned criminals, whose
offenses ranged from murder to arson; but although this indicated a certain
wickedness, it didn't necessarily indicate fortitude.  "She probably poisoned
his wine," he scoffed, giving the slender girl from Baetica, the Iberian
province north of the Pillars of Hercules, another interested glance. "She
wouldn't need to be much of a fighter to do that!"

	"But isn't she beautiful?" The corpulent merchant exclaimed proudly. 
"The men will love her!"  Balbinus turned to the comely Spaniard and addressed
her crudely, "Well, show the great Flavius Autronius what you've got, girl! By
the trident of Neptune, I'll warrant that it won't be the first time a man's
seen that pretty body!" 

	Selia turned away from the coarse merchant as he tried to grasp her, but
it seemed to Flavius that she did so more in an effort to evade Balbinus'
groping paws than to preserve her modesty, because a moment later, she gave her
prospective master a rather brazen look and unashamedly opened her tunic
herself. Flavius drank in the sight of the alluring pair of breasts thus
revealed, which were not overly large, but beautifully dark-tipped and blessed
with the firmness of youth. But while he was not unsusceptible to the girl's
female charms, it was her awkward attempt to cast him a languorous glance that
settled it for him. 

	"What about it, my friend?" Balbinus asked with a possessive leer, as if
he were showing off a rich piece of brocade.  "Lovely as a wood nymph, isn't she
- look at those slender legs!" he enthused.  "You know me, Flavius - I sell
nothing but the choicest goods!"

	"Lovely," Flavius commented, stressing the word the merchant had used in
mock fashion, but his voice could not conceal his disgust at the girl's
eagerness. "Has it occurred to you that I'm running a fighting school, not a
brothel?!"

	Flavius was quite disappointed with the results of his search for female
recruits.  He was forced once again to realize that candidates who combined the
indispensable qualities of youth, attractiveness, a hardy physique, and an
abundance of fighting spirit were as rare as underfed senators. But then his eye
fell on the bedraggled bunch of galley slaves who were being led down the
gangway.

	"By Hades, what's that??!" he called out, pointing at the group - there
was one woman amongst the oarsmen, clearly too lightly built for this pursuit
and obviously not yet hardened to the bench. Like the others, she was all but
naked, wearing only a meagre beige-brown loin-cloth that was little more than a
shredded rag, rusted chains that led to wrist-chafing shackles, and hobbling
metal manacles that linked her slender ankles. "Since when do you use female
galley slaves?"

	"Oh, actually she's no galley slave," Balbinus replied, obviously
embarrassed. "I bought her as a house slave, but she couldn't be more rebellious
if she were the daughter of Spartacus! I thought a tour of duty on the rowing
bench might teach her the proper respect."

	"Interesting method to win a woman over," Flavius stated sarcastically.
"Do you mind allowing me a closer look at this troublesome slave?"

	"If you like," Balbinus answered evasively. "But she's not for sale," he
added quickly and called to his men to bring her forth.

	Flavius cast an appraising eye over the blonde girl who was pushed
before him, splendid in her exhaustion, the sweat of her back-breaking toil
fresh upon her. Stress and fatigue had left their marks in her beautiful face,
whose high cheekbones presaged the proud nature that must have brought her into
this predicament. Her long lank hair was tangled and fell in damp strands over
her big blue eyes, but despite her state of exhaustion, her demeanour was alert.
She met his gaze, neither hostile nor furious, but with an almost provocative
indifference.

	Her body was seamlessly tanned as a result of her life on board ship,
and although she was slightly underweight from her prolonged toil, her leanness
hardly detracted from her fine physique. Flavius looked her well-proportioned
figure up and down, admiring her long, slender, nicely curved legs, the concave
curve of her bottom, lingering longest on her tempting breasts. 

	The young woman's stint at the oars had given her upper body a
marvellous muscle-tone, made even more appealing by the delicious support and
contrast it offered to the sublime softness of her breasts.  Opulent for so
slender a torso, they rose gently toward rich, pinkish-brown nipples that
protruded pertly from their crinkled coronae, tempting Flavius to visualise
those luscious mounds in motion. He felt his manhood stir as he pictured the
blue-eyed beauty tugging at her oar, her muscles rippling, her sinews taut,
bending forward from the waist at each stroke - he could truly appreciate why
Balbinus was trying to withhold this magnificent specimen of womanhood!

	"What's her name?" he asked Balbinus as if she weren't present, trying
to conceal the effect her female charms had on him, but the girl forestalled
Balbinus with her reply.

	"The name is Taleena," she said in a firm, almost sharp tone. For a
slave, it was a sign of disrespect to speak without being asked, but Flavius let
that pass.

	"So you understand Latin," he stated, now addressing her directly,
"where do you come from?" 

	"I'm Avernian," she said, and Flavius noticed the pride in her voice
when she spoke of her origin. "And yes, I speak your tongue," she announced
proudly.  "When did one of you Romans ever bother to learn ours?"

	Everyone could make out the reproach, but Flavius tended to take a
favourable view of the Gaul's bitter attitude; at least it was free of
self-pity.

	"Let me see your back," he ordered, merely to test her reaction.

	The Gaul hesitated for a moment before she obeyed, staring at him as if
to convey that she could have opposed him, but chose not to by her own volition.
Then she turned slowly, to the harsh accompaniment of jangling fetters,
presenting her slender and pliable back. The deep furrow along her spine
disclosed that she must have spent quite some time on the rowing bench, as did
the fresh welts that she bore upon her skin as a result of her recent journey.

	Flavius was fascinated, by both her natural beauty and the
self-confidence in her bearing, the latter being all the more remarkable for a
woman wearing little more than chains.  "She looks perfect," he stated, "why are
you trying to withhold her from me?"

	"I'm not withholding her," Balbinus protested defiantly, "she's just not
for sale. I'm..."

	"Don't talk nonsense!" Flavius cut him short. "You're a businessman -
let's do business! I'll pay you five thousand sesterces for this girl, plus the
price you had in mind for the others. I'll even take the other girl you tried to
fob me off with, as a courtesy - and you'd better not haggle about the price if
you want to maintain our business relationship!"

	The heavy-set slave-trader shrugged his rounded shoulders in feigned
resignation. Flavius always drove a hard bargain, but the price he had offered
for the Gaul was generous - actually, it was far more than he himself had paid
for her. And since even the rowing bench had failed to make her drop her proud
pretence, let someone else be plagued with her recalcitrance! Besides, the price
he had had in mind for the others had just risen; he was a merchant, after all.

	"Well, that would be twenty-nine-thousand sesterces, then," he said with
a glint in his eyes. "Have we a bargain?"

	"Agreed," Flavius confirmed.


II.

	The little wagon caravan passed through the town of Praeneste in the
early afternoon. Flavius rode on the front platform of the lead wagon whilst the
newly-purchased slaves sat crammed in the second, whose windows were lined with
bars on front, rear and both sides. A third wagon followed, filled with
provisions and other goods they had picked up at Ostia.

	The caravan had left the Via Latina and rumbled over a stony country
road whose unpaved, uneven surface rendered the last stage of the journey quite
taxing for the fully-laden wagons. On one side of the road rolling hills dotted
with olive trees stretched into the distance, while the land on the other side
was flatter, more suitable for the vineyards which were the pride of the region.

	After half an hour or so, the party found itself approaching the grand
complex of buildings that housed Flavius' fighting school. There were several
schools in the region, all of which competed with the more famous ludi
gladiatori around Capua, but Flavius had decided on Praeneste due to its
proximity to Rome. Supplying the games with his men had made him a prosperous
man with the means to buy the old, Etruscan estate everyone in the nearby town
simply knew as 'the arena'.

	The most arresting feature of the outer perimeter of the walled estate
was the huge iron gate that marked the entrance.  The two panels of the gate
were topped by facing images of Janus, the two-headed god of doorways and new
beginnings, whose stern faces welcomed the prospective gladiators to their new
life within.

	The heavy barred gates had been unlocked and thrown open by the time
they arrived, and the wagons passed into a huge courtyard inside the walls which
opened into a quadrangle of nearly half an acre in size. The surrounding
buildings were constructed of ancient, rough-cut stone, and doves slept in the
mild April sun on red pantiled roofs. Everything about the place looked
well-kept and neat, yet the faded grandeur of the architecture exuded a slightly
morbid atmosphere.

	Opposite the entrance gates lay the long wing of an L-shaped, two-story
villa whose main wing faced a grand, and much newer, bathhouse which smoke
wreathed skyward from some sort of interior furnace. Two other buildings
extended on either side of the imposing gates and completed the compound-like
structure of the place, the larger one to the right containing stables and
accommodations for the guards, the one to the right which adjoined the main wing
housing a smithy.

	An oval cinder track within the yard enclosed an arena where a dozen
fighters were engaged in battle practice. One grim Phoenician was hurling
fist-sized stones at another equally fierce-looking man who parried them with a
small round shield, while others took turns lunging at each other with wooden
swords or other weapons.  Two ginger-haired, Celtic girls, obviously twins,
sought to improve their swordplay by attacking a straw figure, and a tall and
wiry Nubian woman armed with a trident and a net practised the proper handling
of that peculiar weaponry.

	House slaves began to unload the purchased goods while armed guards
supervised every move of the newcomers who climbed down from the slave wagon,
prodding them, grabbing their chains to pull them to the smithy in the left
corner of the compound. Those ground-level guards were armed with gladii, the
short, broad, double-edged swords that were used in the Roman army, while other
guards, stationed at half a dozen points on the roofs, had Syrian short bows
slung over their shoulders.

	Only one individual was not swept up in this bustle of activity - a
pock-marked young man, no more than a boy, really, blue-garbed like his fellow
guards. The gangly youth lounged against a fence post, his leering eyes darting
back and forth between the new female recruits, until one of the senior guards
pushed him on the shoulder and told him roughly to lend a hand or get out of the
way.

	The fighters in the arena had interrupted their training to watch the
newcomers being freed from their chains with hammer and chisel. After his
fetters were broken, each slave had to straddle the anvil to be branded on the
side of the right thigh, following which his wrist chains were also removed.
Muffled screams could be heard, and when the Spanish girl was branded, she
screeched frantically, and collapsed into the arms of the guards that held her
as she lost consciousness.

	The fighters watched closely, rating the fortitude of the novices by
their reactions. Flavius, too, had taken a position on the balcony of the main
building, from which he could overlook the area below where the preparations
were going on apace. He was not surprised by the hysterical outburst of the
young Spaniard, but was particularly interested in the behaviour of the Gaul.

	His two lanistae - trainers of swordsmanship - had joined him so that
they, too, could get a first impression of the new recruits.  On his left stood
Calixtus, a bald man of stocky build with rolls of flesh rippling in his neck,
and a fierce-looking scar across the left side of his face. He was a veteran who
had served his duty in the Gemina Martia Victrix, the Fourteenth Legion whose
men had covered themselves in glory by beating off the Germans at Moguntiacum. 
He had held the rank of centurion as a drill instructor, but since Rome failed
to provide more than a subsistence living to her meritorious veterans, Calixtus
had chosen to eke out his meagre pension.  He had the intimidating demeanour of
a bully, and thus had found his ideal calling as a lanista in a fighting school.

	The other lanista was Byrria, from Thrace. She had been brought to Rome
amongst other rebels after the Thracian revolt had been put down, first to be
paraded as a spectacle, then to be crucified at the Field of Mars as a ghastly
tribute to the Roman triumph. She had not hesitated, when she had been offered
the option of fighting for her life in the arena, to choose it.

	Facially, Byrria resembled one of those Eastern princesses whose
beautiful, mysterious looks had seduced more than one Roman general, turning
their bloody campaigns of conquest into more friendly takeovers. Her dark eyes
were exotically almond-shaped, smouldering beneath boldly curved brows, and her
olive complexion was complemented by a mane of dark, wavy hair, worn tied back
in a ponytail except for two corkscrew strands which fell over the ears.

	Like Calixtus, she was clad in a tunic of Flavian blue, hers tautly
stretched in diagonal folds across her ample bosom, tightly enclosed by a broad
belt around her slim waist, revealing her long and shapely legs.

	Both lanistae carried daggers stuck in their belts, but those were not
their only weapons. Byrria carried a menacing crop while Calixtus had placed a
vitis, the vine cane which symbolized a centurion's command in the legion, under
his arm, to signify the trainers' right to inflict corporal punishment.

	"Look at that Gaul," Flavius exclaimed, visibly proud of his bargain,
glancing down at the smithy where Taleena was due to receive her brand.

	The blue-eyed Avernian had shouldered herself free of the guards who
were trying to hold her in position and now stood above the anvil in her skimpy
rower's costume, proud and tall and seemingly indifferent to the movements of
the stiff-legged blacksmith who slowly drew the white-hot iron out of the
brazier.

	As he watched the blacksmith limp awkwardly toward the gorgeous,
bare-breasted Gaul, Flavius Autronius was reminded of Vulcan, god of fire and
forging, the lame and ugly son of Jupiter, who had unaccountably won Venus, the
most beautiful of goddesses, for his wife.  The strange contrast between the
ill-featured smith and the lovely galley slave seemed to give the moment an
added intensity, and Flavius had to struggle to control his agitated breathing
as he watched the man with the white-hot brand approach his newest and most
enticing acquisition.

	Down in the yard Taleena, too, strove to steady her racing pulse as she
felt the scorching heat of the branding iron inching closer to the soft skin of
her right thigh. She knew from her experience on the galley that captors and
comrades alike would judge her by this first impression, so she steeled herself
not to scream, no matter how excruciating the agony.

	On the Thetis, galley slaves had always sought to prey upon those whom
they judged to be weak; nothing comforted those hapless wretches more than
shedding, however briefly, their own inferiority and exerting power over someone
even weaker.  When the scum who constituted the crew of the ship had had their
opportunity to exploit her helplessness they had seized that opportunity with a
perverse and predatory ruthlessness that she would never forget.  In this
ghastly place, it was possible that the hierarchy might be even more rigid than
at sea, and any frailty she might show could only make her new plight even
worse. She had been well aware of the lewd grins on the faces of the guards when
they had positioned her above the anvil, but she had ignored them, staring
across the yard at the villa, trying to concentrate on an oddly-shaped roof
tile, even though she could still feel their leering, lingering gaze on her
nearly nude body.  She would show them what an Avernian was made of!

	Taleena closed her blue eyes and braced herself a split-second before
the white-hot tip of the iron came in contact with her upper thigh, and then a
single frightful surge of pain coursed through her, dispelling every thought in
her mind and every sense in her body, replacing them with agony distilled to its
purest essence.   Her head was thrown back and her body was jerked into a
dreadful rigidity by the sudden blinding pain. Her jaw clenched as she gritted
her teeth so tightly that her chin began to tremble while the acrid stench of
burnt flesh - her flesh - filled her nose. But by summoning courage from some
untapped reservoir, she managed to withhold the scream that wanted to burst from
her lips while the blacksmith counted slowly up to three before he withdrew the
iron. Even then the throbbing pang continued to grow, radiating outward from the
burnt spot, but the seemingly unimportant victory - that of suppressing her
scream - caused her heart to rejoice as her body slowly relaxed from its recent
rigidity.

	Taleena could tell that the men who surrounded her were quite astonished
by her stoic display of fortitude that rivalled that of the most celebrated
heroes of Roman history.  The ill-featured blacksmith stared in disbelief at the
branding iron in his hand, while the two guards were taken aback in awe for some
moments before they ordered her to kneel down so that they could remove her
wrist chains.

	One of the guards was the loitering youth who had watched the female
newcomers with such undisguised interest a little earlier, but who had stepped
forward eagerly to help out when it had been the Baetican girl's turn to be held
fast while the blacksmith had performed his cruel task. He was two or three
years younger than Taleena, and when he shoved down on her hips, he furtively
slid his restless fingers over the puckering lines of the fresh scar on her
smooth thigh, as if to assure himself that the blacksmith's fiery tool had been
heated enough to mar her flesh. While his face remained impassive - no doubt for
the benefit of Flavius and his lanistae who watched from the balcony above - the
bulge under the youth's tunic revealed the nature of his thoughts more clearly 
than a facial expression ever could. And there was an eerie glow in his eyes
that was of such intensity that it made Taleena shiver in spite of the heat that
radiated from the brazier.

	The hiss of the flame had been heard up on the balcony, and Flavius
looked at his instructors to see whether they had taken note of this impressive
example of fortitude. Prominent lines of burnt skin were resplendent on the
brave Gaul's right thigh, just beneath her curvaceous hip, forming the small
purple lettering 'LF' that from this day forward would mark her as the property
of the Ludus Flavianus. 

	"Take care with her," he said gravely. "Her pride makes her strong, but
it also makes her unpredictable."

*  *  *

	Supervised by the guards, whose beady eyes never left the newcomers, the
recruits lined up beneath the balcony to listen to Flavius' introductory speech.
They had been taken to the baths where they had been thoroughly scrubbed and
were now glistening with oil. The tonsores - slaves trained as barbers and
hairdressers - had cut and shaved their hair and trimmed the men's beards, and
they had been fitted out with their new, but sparse attire: All of them wore the
subligaculum, a plain white loin-cloth which was held around the hips by a broad
leathern belt, and while the men were naked to the waist, the women were also
allowed the strophium, a rough muslin strip worn to support the breasts.

	"Morituri!" Flavius addressed the lined-up recruits. "Does anyone know
what that means?" Flavius looked from face to face in the audience, but when he
got no response continued "'those who are about to die' - the term gladiators
use for themselves when they salute the emperor." He examined the faces of the
future fighters, looking for any reaction, until his gaze came to rest on
Taleena. The tonsores had done their work well, for now her shoulder-length hair
had been washed and combed and braided into loose plaits which gave her austere
face a more girlish cast.

	There she stood with her feet slightly apart, her long and slender legs
merging into womanly hips, tapering to a slim waist before gently broadening
into a pair of softly rounded shoulders, well-muscled from her recent stint as a
galley slave. Her bearing was proud and erect, thus thrusting the alluring
curves of her breasts into bold relief against the fabric of the strophium which
strained to contain their fullness - a fullness which contrasted so enticingly
with her lissom strength of limb that he almost had to tear himself away from
this erotic vision of loveliness, lest he should forget to proceed with his
speech.

	"You're not gladiators yet," he continued then, "but those of you who
pass the forthcoming training soon will be. Your basic training will last six
weeks, which will be spent on developing your physical condition and teaching
you the basic knowledge of swordplay as it is performed in the gladiatorial
ring. Those who fail to meet the requirements will be sold as fodder for the
animal fights in the arena, so if you don't want your bones to be crushed in a
lion's jaws, I suggest that you attend to your lanistae closely and train each
day as if your life was at stake."  The former champion gave the candidates a
meaningful stare before continuing.  "For one day soon, it will be."

	"Those who pass the basic training will then specialize in the specific
weaponry which they will use in their fights.  The training methods here are
excellent, as are the food, hygiene, and medical care.  You will benefit greatly
from these if you work hard and make the progress we expect you to make."

	This was true. The bodily well-being of his fighters was a matter of
utmost importance to Flavius, for only a healthy fighter brought in the right
purses and, in their wake, pride and prestige to his school and its proprietor.
The food, therefore, was always that best suited to the development of strong
muscle and sinew. Flavius had a small staff of unctores who served under the
watchful eye of a renowned physician, who saw to it that the diet was strictly
observed and who tended to any wounds or injuries. Skilled masseurs were charged
with the task of moulding the fighters' flesh to a desirable firmness, for all
attention was directed toward one goal - the production of a superior fighting
animal who would provide good sport in the arena.

	"But make no mistake," Flavius went on, raising his voice, "you'll
undergo the harshest drill in the beginning. If we can break you too easily,
you're of no use for our purposes. And break you to some extent we will!
Discipline will be rough, which means that you owe your instructors absolute
obedience. Every offence, every insubordination will be severely punished!"

	He directed his two trainers to step forward. "This is Calixtus, your
chief-instructor, and this is Byrria, his assistant, who will take care of the
women. They will inform you of the rules and the details of the training process
in due course. Once you have completed your instruction, you will embark on your
careers in the ring. In all likelihood, yours will be a short life, but each of
you has the chance to make it a glorious one! The very few who have sufficient
strength and courage, and are blessed with the favour of the gods, may even
obtain their freedom one day!"

	He paused a moment to let that magic word sink in to his audience. "But
speaking of freedom," he then continued with insistence, "your only route to
freedom is through death - your own, or those of the men you vanquish for the
pleasure of the crowd. There's no hope for an escape. Any such foolish attempt
will end at the cross!" He paused again, pointing towards the solid T-cross
which stood ominously in front of the staff building.

	"The training will start tomorrow," Flavius finished his speech. "You
will be taken to your cells now. Use the coming hours to prepare yourselves for
the challenges ahead."


* *  *

	The recruits found accommodations in the basement of the staff building
where cells were aligned on both sides of a long corridor. Taleena's cell faced
the courtyard, and since the basement was not completely subterranean, a square
of light fell from the small, barred window at the ceiling onto the floor,
providing a small amount of illumination for the room.

	The quarters were austere to the point of hardship, with no provision at
all being made for the occupant's comfort. Taleena's tiny room contained only a
plank bed covered with a thin blanket, a table and a chair, and yet it was a
luxury indeed for one who had spent most of the nights during the last three
months sleeping at an oar. If her day had taken its normal course, she would
have found herself amongst the other galley slaves, locked in some stinking
warehouse at the harbour, there to lie amidst filthy straw and try to sleep away
the rigours of the day.

	As it was, she felt clean and refreshed by her bath - the first one she
had had for months apart from an occasional douse with sea water. Before the
bath the attendants had used powdered lime to scald away body lice and other
unwanted parasites, and when the cleansing had been done, the unctores had taken
great care to treat the minor injuries she had sustained on the galley -
callused hands and sore buttocks, feet bruised from the pressure of the pull,
back burning from the sting of the whip. The examination had been a shameful
procedure, though, and when the tonsores had shaved her armpits and trimmed her
pubic hair, she had hardly been able to cope with their offensive remarks.
Judging from their brightly-coloured garments and affected speech and gestures,
Taleena assumed that her femininity was of little interest to her attendants;
even so, however, their handling of her like meat at a butcher's, was hardly
better than the lewd remarks to which she had become accustomed in the galleys. 
But at least, none of the men had tried to take advantage of her situation in
any way, and aside from the verbal abuse, there had been no indecent assaults.

	After all, the soothing balms had done much to ease her pain and her
stiffness, and the fragrant oil that had been applied to her body made her feel
like a new woman, as did the fresh garments that she had put on to replace her
dirty rags

	The pleasant feeling that rose within her was enhanced by the knowledge
that at last she was free of the chains that she had worn for so long.  But this
realization was eclipsed by the still throbbing pain in her right thigh. She ran
a fingertip across the puckered relief of the branding that was emblazoned
there, and tears brimmed in her eyes at this blatant reminder her of her
unchanged status.  She might have escaped the galley, but she was still a slave,
and the red-hot engraved lettering symbolized that in a most flagrant, permanent
way.

	Taleena had been sold into slavery at the tender age of sixteen, but she
had never admitted to herself that this should render her - a virtuous, bright
girl, ambitious and sometimes determined to the point of obstinacy - a nonperson
without rights. And during the four years whilst she had served her socage as a
kitchen-maid in the household of a Roman senator, she had not felt like a slave.
She had been treated with respect by the members of the senatorial family, just
as any other diligent and sincere servant of the household, and she had even
profited from the patron's high belief in education. She had spent as much time
in the company of the senator's sons' tutor, a Greek named Eudocles, as their
duties had permitted, listening with rapt attention to the countless tales the
old man recounted of the divinities and heroes of Greece and Rome. Those had
been good times, Taleena thought wistfully, while a lump formed in her throat at
the thought of how the Fates had turned against her since then, allowing her to
fall into the loathsome grasp of Balbinus, who had stripped her of everything
she held dear.

	She sat down on the bed, and as her eyes roved over her Spartan room she
tried to convince herself that her new situation was at least an improvement on
the most recent episode in her life. The rowing bench had been intended as a
temporary punishment to cure her of her recalcitrance, but it had turned out to
be a lasting measure when even the strain of fatigue and the anguish of torment
had failed to dent her bottomless contempt for Balbinus, who had sentenced her
to the galley because she had refused to submit to his obscene lust. The utter
hopelessness of her situation, the knowledge that there was no relief from the
back-breaking toil, the corporal and sexual abuse, unless she gave in, had
become hopelessly depressing, and while her gallant will did not desert her, the
monotony of the endless hours of rowing had begun to exert a blunting effect on
her mind.  Even at rest she had caught herself going through the motions - an
unending dip, pull, clear, push forward, dip and pull again - and with the
passing of time this endless routine would have rendered her inevitably into
another one of those dull and mindless creatures that manned the oars, apathetic
to their destiny.

	Her new situation at least offered a goal beyond mere survival.  In his
speech to the recruits Flavius had mentioned that freedom itself was possible.
Taleena remembered the stone image of Janus which had welcomed the wagon caravan
at the entrance gate of the Flavian compound.  To her it seemed as if one of the
god's faces looked back gravely at her dreadful recent past, while the other,
forward-looking face peered into the unknowable future, offering the prospect,
at least, that she might taste the freshness of freedom again one day, if she
could but survive long enough. That idea imbued her with new hope and for a
moment her heart was light - until she heard the cacophonous clanging of swords
in the courtyard which made her come to the sombre conclusion that she would
have to kill to secure her liberty.  As she listened to the chilling sounds
outside, she realized that she would have no choice but to live up to the
barbaric code that Flavius had outlined in his address.  She shivered inside at
the thought, but then pulled herself together. A caprice of the implacable Fates
had brought her to this fighting school, to the Ludus Flavianus whose initials
were so cruelly emblazoned on her skin; now it was up to her to meet the gods'
challenge.

	A faint smile lit her face at the fond memory of Eudocles - the old man
had always seemed to her as if he were a fountain from whom useful maxims and
words of wisdom flowed as freely as the melting snow of springtime.  "Fortes
fortuna juvat," he had counselled her many times while he recounted his exciting
tales of timeless heroes.  "Fortune favours the brave."  An apt motto, Taleena
thought, for one such as she - one whom the Fates had destined for the rigours
of the arena.




III.

	The initial training for the new recruits was an activity that Flavius
never failed to attend. Once the recruits had started their training, Flavius'
trained eye would quickly sort the crop into three parts - auspicious fighters,
average material, or fodder - but only rarely had he faced the first day of
training with such an air of eager expectation.

	The recruits had been given a light breakfast before being herded
together before the cross, the menacing sight of which was bound to make
Calixtus' opening remarks all the more intimidating.  It was a full cross, made
of timbered wood, with its perpendicular wooden beams permanently lashed
together.  It normally served as a whipping post, with its crossbar attached at
a level just out of reach of the unlucky soul being flogged.  But it differed in
one respect from the normal cross used by Romans for executions - a good many
delinquents who had stood with their faces against the stout upright, writhing
under the whip, had wondered about the purpose of the two slots which had been
bored into the upright, as did the newcomers who cast an anxious glance at it.

	Flavius' gray eyes blinked against the light of the early morning sun as
he surveyed his fighters, before coming to rest on the stunning silhouette of
the Gaul's perfectly proportioned body.  She stood in majestic profile, her
figure bathed most attractively in the warming light of Aurora, goddess of the
dawn. His broad chest swelled with pride - this blonde beauty would surely be a
worthy addition to his exquisite crew of female fighters.  And leaning against
the railing of the balcony, admiring her figure, Flavius Autronius felt another
swelling too...

	He couldn't believe his good fortune at unearthing this rough but
indisputably precious stone in the unlikely ore of the Ostian wharf.  He was
pleased with his cleverness at having gotten the better of Balbinus - he would
have been willing to offer the corpulent flesh merchant almost any price for
this woman.  Once she had passed the basic training successfully - and he had
little doubt that she would - the blue-eyed Avernian had the potential of
becoming one of the most popular fighters to take up arms in the arena since the
first woman had picked up a gladiatorial sword.

	Her pride, her demeanour, and her stoicism during her branding had
convinced him that Taleena had a spirit to match her beauty.  He pictured her in
the amphitheatre, moving gracefully through the scarlet-streaked sand, her blue
eyes fixed alertly on her opponent, her golden hair tossed lightly on her
shoulders by an afternoon breeze, her magnificent body bedecked in brown leather
and his favourite Flavian blue, her bare thighs gleaming with the sweat of
combat, while thousands of male eyes watched enthralled from the tiers...   The
purses this beauty would bring in could easily amount to many times the paltry
five thousand sesterces that he had paid for her.  Yes, once more the Fates had
smiled on Flavius Autronius.

	Taleena returned Flavius' gaze with unblushing dignity, almost as if she
could read his thoughts.  But she was unaware that there were other, more
surreptitious eyes on her, too, in that sunlit moment.  Younger eyes, restless,
and probing, which pictured her, not gliding confidently through the sand of the
arena like Diana the huntress, but lying helplessly in that same warm sand, a
Diana debauched, squirming under his virile body...


*  *  *

	"As master Flavius said yesterday, your basic training will consist of
six training units, each lasting six days," Calixtus barked at the assembled
novices in his intimidating stentorian voice.  On the seventh day of each week
you will be given a day of recreation."  The burly ex-centurion began to walk up
and down the line, swishing his gnarled vine cane across the open palm of his
other hand with each step, a gesture whose meaning was not lost on the attentive
recruits.  "The morning will usually be spent doing exercises to improve your
power and stamina, while the balance of the day will be devoted to swordplay."

	"Some of you no doubt think that you know all there is to know about
fighting, don't you?" the balding ex-centurion asked in a grim voice, as he
looked out over the candidates, a few of whom smirked self-confidently.  "Some
of you were warriors, and have known the bloody clash of battle.  But in the
arena, unlike the battlefield, there will be no one to assist you, no comrade to
save you.  That is the first of many lessons you have to learn here," Calixtus
growled, as his eyes, devoid of sympathy, swept coldly across his audience. 
"And make no mistake about it - the more you learn here, the longer you will
live!  So when your instructors speak, mark us well!"

	"Every exercise has a certain quota which must be fulfilled. At the end
of each day, your entire performance will be judged by us trainers. If you do
not achieve the daily target, a demerit will be scored against your name." 
Calixtus raised a wax tablet showing a roster of the recruit's names, even
though he doubted that any one in his audience could even read.  "Three demerits
during any training unit will earn you a whipping at the end of the sixth day!
The usual sentence is a dozen lashes, but it may well be more if your
performance warrants it. Any disobedience, any opposition or contradiction will
also be severely dealt with! Always remember that you are nothing but slaves, so
comport yourselves as befits your status!" 

	"And one thing more - there is no hope of escape, not even in your
dreams.  Fugitives will be hunted down and crucified like the cowardly deserters
they are! Those who attack an instructor or one of the guards, will also find
themselves there," Calixtus added in a gravelly voice as he gestured toward the
stark wooden cross whose dark shadow stretched ominously across the training
ground.

	Calixtus paused to let the import of his words sink in, and then
continued.  "To begin with, all of you will undergo an initial test of your
staying power.  "You are to circle this track until you can run no more, like
that brave soldier Pheidippides."

	Most of the recruits regarded Calixtus with stares as blank as the
Tarpeian rock, but Taleena knew to whom the grim chief-instructor was referring. 
Eudocles had recounted more than once the story  of the fleet-footed soldier who
had raced like the wind across the countryside of Greece, carrying the news of
the victory at Marathon to distant Athens, living just long enough to announce,
"Rejoice, we are victorious!" before his heart burst from exhaustion.  Would the
recruits be tried so sorely, she wondered, that some of them would share the sad
fate of the heroic messenger even before the training had run its course?

	Calixtus then stepped aside to let Byrria offer her own introductory
comments.  The dark-eyed lanista gave her listeners a scornful glance as a sly
smile crossed her sunlit face.  "But sadly you are not as fortunate as this
Pheidippides; for he had nothing heavier to carry than good news!  Guards!"

	The Thracian looked intently in the direction of the staff building
toward a dozen or so attendants who were aligned in front of a large pile of
wooden beams. The attendants turned and seized the beams, along with some
leathern straps of various sizes, and proceeded to haul them across the yard
toward the assembled recruits.  

	The beams looked exactly like the one that formed the patibulum of the
cross, about five feet wide and half-a-foot in diameter. They even bore a notch
in the middle to be fixed to an upright post, and as with the cross-piece, nails
projected a hand's width out of the ends, nails which could be used to attach
ropes or chains - or to be used as handles.

	The attendants placed one of the beams and three straps before each of
the recruits and then stood aside.

	"Put one of the thick straps around each ankle!" Byrria ordered, and the
recruits stooped down to do as they had been told.

	As Taleena grabbed the first strap, she was surprised by its weight.
Although it was no thicker than a man's thumb, it weighed about five pounds, and
after probing it with her fingers she noticed that there were leaden pellets
sewn in between the layers of leather. It was about four feet in length and thus
could be wrapped five times around her slender ankle, then tied up by the
tapering ends which contained no lead. Once strapped on, they fit so snugly that
they couldn't slip, and although the leather was smooth, they felt uncomfortable
around her ankles which had been scored by the leg irons she had worn for so
long. 

	When Taleena rose from her crouch, she suddenly had the uncanny sense,
as she had had once or twice before that morning, that she was being watched.
She glanced around at her fellow-recruits, but the men all seemed busy with
their own gear.  Then, looking out into the distance, she saw a figure peering
out furtively from behind a corner of the guardhouse.  The figure quickly
withdrew behind the corner, but not before Taleena recognized the pock-marked
youth who had assisted during the branding.  Intent on quelling her own fears at
the time, she had paid little attention to how the skinny lad's hands had roamed
rather freely over Selia's body while he had forced her down over the anvil. 
And later her own agony had distracted her from how his fingers had lingered on
her own thigh. Taleena shuddered briefly, remembering his slightly clammy touch,
but then relaxed.  He was only a boy, after all, and she had more important
things to worry about, now that the training was about to start.

	"Everything, I repeat, everything you do during training will be done
with those weights around your ankles," Byrria went on. "They will hamper you in
the beginning," the olive-skinned beauty added with a sneer, "but you will get
used to them."  She paused for a fraction of a second before adding.  "Or
perhaps I should say that you'll get used to them unless you want to spend some
time hugging the whipping post! Now, on your knees, all of you!"

	When the recruits had taken up the required position, they were burdened
with the wooden beams. Two attendants grabbed Taleena's wrists, and two other
men laid the bulky cross-piece upon her narrow shoulders like a yoke, securing
her arms to the wood with the remaining leather strap. When they were ordered to
stand, Taleena had difficulty struggling to her feet and balancing her load,
while the small Spanish girl seemed dwarfed by her oversized yoke.

	Having been brought up as a peasant's daughter, Taleena was not unused
to weighted walks, for carrying produce for sale to the market place had been
one of her regular duties before she had been sold into slavery. But running
around a cinder track with such a burden would quickly become an exertion
difficult to endure, and she began to wonder how long the trainers would expect
them to continue such a daunting exercise.

	The recruits were quickly prodded into motion, and once they were on the
move the men in front set the pace, with the giant German leading them all,
while Taleena and the Spanish girl fell behind.  As Taleena watched the leaders
begin to jog at a slow pace, it struck her that they resembled a grotesque
crucifixion party, one that couldn't arrive at the execution site quickly
enough, but the grim humour of that picture failed to cheer her spirits.

	As she and Selia came around the turn closest to the guardhouse, Taleena
once again spotted the gangly youth.  He was furtively looking out of a window
of the building as if hoping to escape notice, but his eyes, his beady probing
eyes, followed her every stride.  Taleena suddenly became conscious, as she had
not been before, of the skimpiness of her attire, of her bare thighs and
unveiled midriff and she flushed slightly as she continued on down the track,
quivering nervously at the thought of the guard's lecherous gaze.

	The two women completed the first lap in fair style, but the strain had
made Taleena's heart pound faster. Her breathing gradually became louder and
more laboured and then degenerated into panting gasps for air, made even more
difficult by a fierce pain in her side that resulted from running with her arms
upraised. Sweat began to drip from her body, soaking the cloth of her strophium,
which she was thankful to have since otherwise the bouncing of her breasts would
have added greatly to the rigours of the run. 

	If nothing else, the strain of the run took her mind off the voyeuristic
adolescent whose eyes had never left the curves so poorly concealed by her
muslin breast-bandage when she had made her second pass by his vantage point.
The boy had vanished by the time she passed the guardhouse for the third time,
and Taleena wondered idly for a moment if the young guard had wandered off to
some secluded spot to satisfy his depraved desires, but soon the unrelenting
pressure of the beam on her shoulders required all of her concentration.

	After five and a half circuits of the track, Taleena had managed to pull
considerably ahead of her female companion.  As she came out of the curve at the
far end of the oval she looked over to her left and spied her Baetican comrade
on the other side of the track just entering that curve, being overtaken by
several of the male runners.  Taleena winced as she watched Byrria lash at the
backs of Spanisg girl's thighs with her crop to spur her on, before her own
progress down the track took the ugly picture from her field of vision.  But as
she struggled on under her own burden, panting for breath, she heard a series of
crisp cracks cut through the air - the unmistakable sounds of a crop hitting
bare flesh.  By the time Taleena entered the curve at the other end of the oval,
she was in a position to see that the badly beaten girl, unable to continue, had
been dragged roughly off the track and relieved of her burden.

	Unfortunately her concern for Selia, as evidenced by numerous appalled
glances at the red streaks emblazoned across the Baetican's back, slowed
Taleena's own gait to the point where Byrria stepped forward and lashed her
sharply across the shoulders as she passed the point where Selia had gone down.
"Keep your mind on your own pace, Gaul," the blue-clad lanista snapped. 

	Half-blinded by her own perspiration, her back smarting from the
stinging blow of the crop, Taleena was soon in danger of falling herself.  The
force of Byrria's blow caused her to stagger to and fro across the width of the
track like a drunken sailor. The Thracian watched her struggles closely, but
Taleena just managed to remain upright, groaning audibly with strain as she
attempted to lengthen her stride again. From her mincing shamble she eventually
was able to quicken her pace to a faster walk, and then, finally, to a semblance
of a jog, and once having gotten her second wind, she managed to keep up a good
pace for the following rounds.

	She nearly collapsed again on the sixteenth lap, when she stumbled and
went to the ground, but she forced her numb legs to lift her body upright so
that she could move forward again. The wood by now scored her shoulders with
every step, and her breasts were aching terribly from their constant bouncing;
by now the thin fabric that supported her breasts was soaked with sweat, and her
tender nipples were chafed continually by the constant friction of the rough and
sweat-drenched cloth. But worst of all were her feet and ankles which shrieked
silently from the constant strain - and still and to her own amazement she felt
that she retained sufficient reserves of energy to continue.

	In fact she was stronger than she knew, for she carried on even after
some of the leaders had collapsed from the exertion. A little more than an hour
later, during which the leading competitors had circled the track twenty-two
times, only Taleena, along with Arminius and one of the Numidians, were still in
the running. Those who had dropped out were doing some stretching and other
gymnastic exercises along side the track, under Byrria's watchful eye.  Taleena
longed to join them, if only to ease her cramping muscles and rid herself of the
excruciating yoke.

	But she did not allow her will to yield to that yearning and plodded
along, swaying slightly in the extremity of her suffering. The burdensome
ankle-weights made it difficult to lift her feet fully off the ground, and the
coarse-grained cinders abraded the soles of her feet, as Taleena tried to
concentrate on anything other than the pain and exhaustion that racked her. She
thought of the unexpected fortitude that had allowed her to endure the branding
iron, and the determination to impress the others with her stamina surfaced once
more, forcing her screaming muscles to carry her further. She passed the
Numidian who had given way to the strain, and saw Arminius passing the starting
line for what must have been the twenty-fourth time. The giant man stopped,
utterly exhausted, and dropped to his knees to be relieved of his load. Half of
a lap to go yet, she thought, and she would reach the line as the last remaining
runner, achieving a feat that was sure to win her great esteem from both her
comrades and the trainers! 

	Calixtus, his bald head gleaming in the morning sunlight, stood at the
starting line nodding approvingly at the tireless performance of the last
contestant on the track.  As she crossed the finish line for the final time,
Taleena collapsed into the arms of two waiting attendants.  Calixtus gave orders
to the young water-slave who had just served Arminius that she was to be watered
generously, too.

	Squatting on the ground, Taleena drank gratefully from the large
water-skin the boy offered to her, and although the water seemed to revive her a
bit, she felt so groggy that rising any time soon seemed unimaginable.

*  *  *

	From his vantage point on the balcony, Flavius had watched Taleena
finish her last round - being at the end of her tether, she had covered the
final yards driven by sheer willpower.  He searched his memory, but could not
remember another occasion in which a female recruit had prevailed over the men.
It was remarkable, he thought to himself, that a luscious, lissom body like hers
should harbour such an uncompromising spirit, and he could well imagine how the
tenacity with which she had borne her stint at the oars had made Balbinus livid
with rage.

	Flavius was quite sure that she had all the potential needed to make her
one of his rising stars, and yet he felt a twinge of uneasiness concerning the
powerful pride which fuelled Taleena's dogged persistence, a strange premonition
that her pride might one day prove her undoing.  But this was only the first day
of training, and great stress and strain lay ahead for all the recruits.  His
trainers would surely relieve them of their rebelliousness.  He would definitely
need to have to have a word with Byrria.  Knowing the Thracian Tigress's
penchant for ferocity, he would need to make sure that Byrria took the Avernian
to the limits of her endurance, but not beyond.

*  *  *

	When they assembled for their midday meal, Taleena joined the others who
were sitting on benches which had been placed under a long, narrow roof in front
of the main building. One by one they had collected their food one by one from a
hatchway and were tucking it in heartily. Posca, water mixed with vinegar, was
served along with the meat - chopped pork, seasoned with pungent garum, wrapped
in flat, unleavened bread - and it truly did them good after the backbreaking
drill that had made them sweat so profusely all morning.

	Taleena enjoyed this hour of recreative leisure. The trainees had been
granted only a short period of time to recover some strength after the torturous
run before they had had to join the circuit training the others had already been
engaged in. After more than an hour's continuous running around the cinder
track, it had been difficult for her to even tackle the circuit - a series of
chin-ups, press-ups and sit-ups, rope-skipping and log-lifting - but at least,
the women hadn't had to bear the same rigours as the men.  Despite her
exhaustion she had fulfilled the women's quota without much difficulty, although
her success had accomplished little more than earning her the opportunity to
repeat the entire series. During her back-breaking months at the oars, Taleena
would never have dreamt that she would one day be grateful to Balbinus; but she
had to admit that in the brutally competitive atmosphere of the arena, the
physical conditioning she had developed pulling the oar would stand her in good
stead.

	She looked around, her gaze wandering from one grim face to the other.
The recruits were not allowed to speak with each other, especially not in any
foreign tongue, neither during the training nor during the break, but even if
they had been, few would have wanted to waste their breath in conversation. The
Spanish girl sat slightly to one side, hardly able to hold herself on the bench,
staring into her bowl with dead eyes. Taleena felt sorry for her, for this was
definitely no place for a girl like her. Actually, it was no place for any human
being whose self-respect demanded a minimum of regard or consideration, but she
doubted that the Spaniard would ever become inured to the heartless drill.

	Then her eyes roamed out over the arena itself, half expecting to catch
a glimpse of the skinny young guard she had seen spying on her, but then she
chided herself for her sense of unease.   Why had she let him upset her so much? 
He was just a boy, sneaking a peek at a pair of scantily-clad young women - or
so she kept telling herself.

	"Time's up!" Calixtus shouted, scattering her thoughts. "Get back to the
training area, all of you!"

	The fighters rose from the benches and walked back over toward the racks
in which the training weapons were stored. The men and women among the newcomers
were segregated before beginning their first lesson in swordplay, whereas the
more experienced fighters continued to work out against each other with a
variety of different arms, in different match-ups and combinations, as they had
done before the midday break.

	Byrria went over to the rack and came back with two wooden swords,
throwing them at the feet of the two female novices.

	"Take up the swords!" she commanded. 

	They stooped down and picked the swords from the ground, looking at
Byrria for further instructions. The weapons were formed like the spatha, the
Roman cavalry sword, longer and narrower than the gladius, made more for
wielding than for stabbing. The Thracian was unarmed, but this seemed to bother
her not in the least.

	"Want to attack me?!" she scoffed incitingly, toying with a ringlet of
her dark hair. "Might be your best chance - two against one, swords against bare
fists!"

	Taleena and Selia stood still, making no move to raise their swords. The
swords were fashioned from wood, but had a leaden core, and therefore were
heavier than the ones used in the arena, but hardly harmless.  The increased
weight of the swords owed its genesis to the same logic that had conceived the
ankle weights; when freed from these burdensome impediments in the arena, those
who had trained with them would fight with a quickness and agility that even
they could not have imagined.

	The dark-eyed lanista smiled at their passivity. "At least you are not
fools," she stated. "Drop your weapons!"

	The two young women did as they were told, and once again looked
attentively at their trainer.

	"Well, this is lesson number one," Byrria said, drawing the crop out of
her belt, "the next time you seize a weapon, do so with your left hand! You will
be taught to fight left-handed, because most of your male adversaries will be
thrown off-stride by a left-hander. Many gladiatrices owe their lives to that
fact!"

	She looked at the novices, and her steady gaze bore into Taleena.
"Extend your hand, Gaul, the right one!" she commanded. "Palm up!"

	Taleena hesitated, sensing what was to come, but obeyed. Byrria glanced
at the delicate hand that had been made rough by months of rowing.  "You must be
glad that you escaped the galley," she stated referring to the calluses that
bespoke Taleena's past, and then, after having turned toward Selia, Byrria
whirled around and brought the crop down across Taleena's palm with the
swiftness of a viper.

	Taleena had half-expected a blow a moment earlier but had relaxed
slightly when Byrria had moved in Selia's direction. "Aaaghhhh!" she cried out
in surprise, as her arm fell to her side, while pain radiated upward from her
hand.  But it was not so much the burning pain in her hand that bothered Taleena
- it was her anger at herself for having squealed and giving the lanista the
satisfaction of knowing her suffering.

	She straightened up again and glared at the Thracian, but Byrria was
unmoved by the reproachful look. "Hopefully that will serve to remind you of
lesson number one.  Welcome on board the Ludus Flavianus," she added with a
scornful smile.



IV.

	At the end of the first day of training, the recruits were given an
opportunity to visit the bathhouse. The fighters had finished their training
earlier, and since their evening meals were waiting for them in their cells,
most of Taleena's comrades had confined themselves to washing the sand and oil
from their bodies, or skipped the bathing routine completely. Taleena was
hungry, too, but had decided that the food would have to wait, so that she could
take advantage of one of the few amenities of her new home.

	She was familiar with the role baths played in Roman culture and it was
one of their few customs that she had come to appreciate. Romanization had
brought bathhouses even to even the most remote parts of the provinces, and she
had always liked those facilities, private or public, but had never before seen
such an impressive example of architecture. The former owner of the estate must
have had a strongly developed sense of luxury because the bathing facility he
had built would bear comparison with the finest anywhere.

	The well-known Roman desire for symmetry, as much as the dictates of
decency, required that there be separate entrances for men and women on either
side of the front of the building.  Inside, however, the segregation of the
sexes was practically foregone since all of the fighters would have to use the
baths within their limited time of leisure. In the women's changing room a few
discarded linen towels were scattered here and there along the benches, not far
from the lockers which held fresh, folded garments for the recruits.
	
	Leaving the changing room through the door to the right, one reached the
frigidarium, the cold room. On the far side of the room, one came to another
door that led into the massage and rest room which granted access to the core of
the three-piece bathing suite - the large tepidarium, or tepid room. Several
small marble basins were set into the ground there, framing a square pool that
was large enough to be used for swimming. The formerly rich paint of the huge,
stuccoed walls was fading, and the old-fashioned Neptune medallion that was set
in the mosaic floor of the pool was incomplete, but that hardly affected the
splendour of the place.

	A grand marble fountain separated the tepid room from the third and last
constituent part of the bathing area, the small steam room, or caldarium.  The
basin of the fountain was framed by a knee-high marble border which measured
almost six feet in diameter, and on a massive pedestal in its center rested a
marble bowl half the size of the basin from which crystal clear water cascaded
down into the collecting tank beneath. An enormous, larger-than-life sculpture
of Mars, the god of war, rose from the middle of the bowl, looking a bit out of
place since a Nereid or another Neptune would have been more appropriate for a
bathhouse. It occurred to Taleena that Flavius might well have replaced the
original statue with an image of his own protector god.

	Taleena shed her sparse clothing in the changing room, and when she had
undone the rough muslin strip she wore wrapped around her chest, she let her
slender fingers slide under her breasts, weighing their fullness briefly in her
hands. Her breasts didn't really hurt, but the faint ache of the tender tissue
which she felt in the aftermath of her first day of training made her thank the
gods that the female recruits were granted those breast-supporting strophia. 

	Taleena unbuckled the broad belt that held her loin-cloth around her
slim waist, and dropped it on the floor before she stooped down to remove her
ankle-weights, assuring herself that her body had sustained no serious injury
during the day's physical ordeal.  Her feet were sore from all the running on
the coarse-grained cinder of the track, and the ankle-weights had left her knees
and ankles throbbing from her exertions, while her upper arms and shoulders were
nearly numb from fatigue. But the net effect on her body was probably no worse
than that of a hard day on the galley - and there had been no baths on board the
Thetis.  

	Deciding to bathe in the normal sequence, Taleena went to the
frigidarium first, while the others headed straight for the warmer areas.
Taleena gasped at the shock when her heated body slipped into the cold water,
but once she had become accustomed to the low temperature, she lingered in the
refreshingly cooling water, relishing its salutary effect on her aching limbs,
until at last she began to feel too cold, at which point she hastened,
shivering, into the tepidarium.

	There she came to relax in the warm water of one of the small recreation
basins - having been used by others, the water of her basin was hardly fresh,
but this was the last thing any exhausted trainee was likely to complain about.
Taleena was the last of the recruits to finish her bath, and no one had
disturbed the surface of the pool recently, so the water shimmered with slight
movements, undulating gently, but not so forcefully as to cause the water to lap
noisily against the side of the basin. Taleena leaned back against the edge of
the basin dreamily, letting her thoughts drift back to the events of the
afternoon...

	She and Selia had spent the entire afternoon practicing their swordplay. 
They had begun by practicing basic strokes and thrusts against the straw figure
to accustom themselves to the left-handed motor activity.  After an hour or so
spent in that fashion, Byrria had pitted the two young women against each other,
requiring them to fight on their knees while their right hands were pinioned
behind their backs.  The former condition had reduced their mobility, while the
latter, forcing them to use only their left hands, had impaired their agility. 
They had fought clumsily at first, and just when they were finally beginning to
get in the flow of fighting left-handed, a sea of fatigue washed across their
arms and shoulders.  But the dark-eyed Thracian had given them no respite -
stating coldly that there would be none in the ring - and had not been sparing
in her use of the crop to spur them on to greater efforts.

	Unlike the unlucky Spaniard, Taleena had given a good account of
herself, but her exhaustion was manifest after nine hours of ruthless drill. On
the galley, she had been able to row for twelve hours at a stretch on those
occasions when the pace-drummer's gavels had established a bearable pace.  But
the more varied stresses and strains of the day's exertions, with all of their
peaks and valleys, were in some ways even more taxing.
	
	However, the warm, soothing water of the bath did assuage her fatigue to
some extent, and lying there, she had fallen partway into the arms of Somnus,
the beneficent god of sleep, when a voice roused her from her dreamy
contemplation.

	"Beware of the Thracian," the low voice said, and Taleena opened her
eyes half-expecting to see the sullen-looking, pock-marked guard, who, in her
dream, had concealed his angular body behind a post and watched her as she
bathed.  Or had it not been a dream?  Taleena looked around the tepidarium
anxiously, but found no one save for the tall, handsome Nubian woman whom she
had seen fighting with trident and net earlier in the day.  She was just about
to reply, when the African retiaria, or net-fighter, slid silently away from the
basin, heading in the direction of the massage room.  Still trying to clear her
head, Taleena rose, and heaved her aching body out of the basin, knotted a towel
hurriedly around her waist, and, still dripping, followed the Nubian into the
adjoining room.


*  *  *

	As Taleena entered the massage room, lingering odours of body oils
welcomed her, mingling with damp air and sweat, giving the room a strange, but
not unpleasing scent. The black woman lay prone on a bench that was covered with
a towel, and her tall, slim figure contrasted exquisitely with the white linen.

	As her eyes took in the sight of the Nubian's shapely posterior, Taleena
became more conscious of her own nakedness, and felt uneasy when she saw two
masseurs sizing her up. Judging from their looks and peculiar hairstyle, the
masseurs were Egyptians whose inscrutable visages were as expressionless as the
death-masks of their long-dead kings. The linen towel which Taleena had wrapped
around her hips, just managed to cover her loins, but in doing so it only served
to accentuate her water-glistening nudity.  Taleena felt the Egyptians' dark
eyes, as hot as the sands of the desert that surrounded their ancient monuments,
on her tawny body as she strode quickly past them, eager to recline on the bench
adjoining that of the slim, dark Nubian, so that she might lie down and conceal
her bare breasts from their view. 

	She had not forgotten how ashamed she had felt the day before when she
had been examined by the unctores, and even more so when the tonsores had taken
care of her. She had managed to maintain her outward composure, then, as she did
now, but inwardly she could hardly cope with the men's lecherous gazes without
experiencing a kind of internal degradation. She had learned, during her time as
a galley slave, what fate might befall a beautiful young woman in a world of
ruthless men, and she was fearful that her female charms might provoke similar
predatory behaviour at the Ludus Flavianus, even though such assaults had
apparently been proscribed my its master.   It was that recurring fear which had
caused her to shiver slightly each time she had seen that stealthy young man who
seemed to haunt the compound like a hungry jackal haunts the night.

	"Relax," the Nubian murmured as if she could read her mind. "They are
slaves much lower in hierarchy than we are. They may be hard-pressed to keep
their hands and minds on their business, but they would not dare to prey on
you."  She raised a hand signalling to the masseur to cease his manipulations,
as if to prove her superiority of rank with that single commanding gesture.
"Calixtus probably told you that we have strict regulations here," the Nubian
went on, "and any man who has a sense of self-preservation will adhere to the
rules - or risk finding himself flat against the cross outside!

	Taleena was impressed by the self-confidence with which the African
handled the situation, and the presence of the tough-minded Nubian and her words
of reassurance were comforting. Indeed Calixtus had outlined that any relations
between male and female members of the personnel, no matter what their rank or
status, were strictly forbidden, on pain of severe punishment. By way of
compensation for that enforced continence the men would be offered the chance to
take prostitutes from time to time, and those who found favour with the crowd
would have no lack of devoted female admirers who prized their pleasure more
than their virtue. Calixtus had not mentioned any such perquisites for the
female fighters, but if she knew Rome and Romans, the choice of lovers would be
theirs not hers. However, this was nothing to concern herself with at the
moment.

	The smaller of the two Egyptian masseurs applied some oil to her back,
and as soon as he did, a strong aroma tinged with hints of mint and eucalyptus
filled her nostrils.  The Egyptian dug his fingers into the muscles of her neck
and shoulders, and although the oil burned the fresh welts she bore from
Byrria's crop, Taleena began to relax while the masseur worked to lessen the
awful aching in her left shoulder. She had to admit that his skilful fingers
felt good on her body, and she couldn't help mewing softly as he worked the oil
into the pliable flesh of her lower back.

	Taleena was bursting with a desire to ask the Nubian to expand on her
remark, but did not dare to in the presence of the Egyptians. The one who
attended her had poured another half ounce of the fragrant oil into his hands
and proceeded to rub it deeply into the backs of her tense thighs, while Taleena
considered the possible reasons for the Nubian's warning.

	"We can speak," the black retiaria reassured her in her low voice, again
reading her mind. "These two are new here; they barely understand a word of
Latin."

	"So why should I beware of the Thracian?" Taleena burst out, eager to be
told more.

	"Just a feeling," the Nubian replied, and rolled over to offer the front
of her lean, dark body to the masseur's practiced hands. Again Taleena was
impressed by the nonchalance with which the Nubian exposed her breasts, although
she noticed that there wasn't too much to expose.  As befit her slim, wiry
figure, the African girl's breasts were small, but well-shaped and of an
enviable firmness, capped with dark, up-tilting nipples. 

	"Byrria is a slave just as we are," the black woman went on, while the
Egyptian dripped a rivulet of massage oil in a thin liquid line that ran from
her throat to her deep-notched navel.  "But she shares the bed of master Flavius
and imagines that every attractive newcomer here wishes to replace her in that
... position"

	"Do you think I desire to take her place?" Taleena retorted indignantly,
but the seriousness of the Nubian's implication was unmistakable - the idea that
Byrria might consider herself a rival did not bode well for her future. "Why are
you telling me this?"
	
	A faint smile formed on the African beauty's face as her masseur spread
the oil over her ebony breasts, giving them a delicious glossy finish. "I
thought that you should know," the Nubian stated meaningfully. "Byrria is a good
fighter - Flavius calls her his Thracian Tigress, you know, - but she's cruel
and vindictive, and her enmity might well prove fatal. So take care."

	And with those words the black woman closed her eyes and fell silent
under the Egyptian's skilful touch, leaving only her languorous smile and the
thrusting stiffness of her dark nipples as clues to her thoughts.

	Her warning was troubling indeed to Taleena, and intensified her
misgivings about the days to come.  But nothing could be done at the moment
about Byrria, and, copying her African benchmate, she decided to relax under the
stroking hands of her masseur rather than dwell on her increasingly bleak
prospects.  There were two, she deemed, at the Ludus Flavianus, whom she had
reason to fear - Byrria, the Thracian tigress and the skulking pock-marked
jackal whose gaunt shadow seemed to lurk behind every corner...


*  *  *

	The masseur had begun to use a chopping motion on the backs of her
gracefully-curved calves, which he kept up as his practiced hands made their way
slowly up the sleek columns of her bare thighs. Taleena wondered if the male
recruits were recipients of such lingering attentions, but the hands felt good
on her aching body, and she made no protest. At last the Egyptian abandoned the
chopping strokes and removed the towel which she had knotted around her trim
waist, baring the thin, sinuous crease which separated the firm,
enticingly-contoured cheeks of her buttocks. Deprived of her last remaining
vestige of decency, Taleena bit her lip as the man turned his attentions to the
newly-exposed part of her body, kneading her tense butt cheeks with diligent
devotion, before he finally gave her to understand that she should turn over.

	Taleena hesitated briefly, torn between the need to remain in command of
the situation and her natural reluctance to expose herself fully to the man's
inscrutable stare, but in the end she decided to comply with his invitation,
while trying not to reveal the anxiety it had caused her. She could tell that
the man was hard-pressed when she rolled over and revealed her breasts, but
aside from an almost imperceptible intake of breath, and a subtle flicker of
indecent interest in his dark eyes, the masseur remained impassive.  He
continued to rub the soothing oil into her smooth thighs, showing the same
dispassionate pretence he had shown all along, while she closed her eyes as if 
shutting him out of her sight might ease her insecurity

	His hands clenched her sleek thighs above the knees, and then glided
slowly upward along her faintly trembling flesh, with such purposefulness that
Taleena was reminded of the ancient story of the quest for the Golden Fleece. 
She winced nervously as the thumbs of this Ptolemaean descendant of Jason
reached the junction of her tawny legs, where  her neatly trimmed triangle of
blonde pubic hair embellished, but did not conceal, the base of the protruding
folds of her mound of Venus. She was just about to squeeze her legs together
defensively when the questing hands began a slow, sensual retreat back down her
supple thighs.  Blushing furiously, Taleena thought that she detected an amused
reaction to her sexual tension cross the Egyptian's hitherto impassive face.

	Taleena cursed herself for having followed the Nubian's example and
having put herself in this uncomfortable, vulnerable position. The masseur
hadn't touched her inappropriately, but she clearly lacked the Nubian's
nonchalance at coping with such intimate attentions, professional though they
might be.  But to withdraw from his knowing touch now would be a shameful
admission of womanly weakness, so she remained stoic and permitted his male
hands to continue their insistent, but soothing manipulation of her flesh.

	She gave the Egyptian a stern look as he poured some more oil into his
hands, but he seemed to remain completely unimpressed by her stare. His hands
spread the oil liberally over her belly, then roamed upward, and Taleena's heart
missed a beat. His fingers, half business-like, half pleasure-seeking, slowly
traced the outer curves of her breasts whose fullness left them slightly sagging
to the sides of her chest, pressing them gently inward, then moved back to her
navel with a soft, downward stroke.

	The Egyptian's hands had touched her breasts for only the briefest of
moments, but Taleena felt the tips of her breasts swell slightly in response. A
pale pink in repose, her nipples darkened slightly as they stiffened, as if
blushing at their wantonness. If the masseur was satisfied with this result, he
concealed it well, but Taleena felt a flush of shame welling through her at that
unwanted display of arousal. As she tried rather half-heartedly to convince
herself that her reaction could be blamed it on the cooling effect of the
essential oil, she strove to remain as impassive as the Egyptian, who continued
his ministrations with the same dispassionate demeanour he had displayed all
along.

	Fighting to maintain her composure, Taleena told herself that it was her
own attitude which rendered the situation awkward. Or was it perhaps the memory
of the tasker on the galley who had taken such manly pleasure in anointing her
body? Most of the tasker's daylight hours had been given over to 'encouraging'
the rowers with his dreadful nine-stranded whip, but it had been his custom to
spend the hour after dawn on a more humane task. Each morning he gave the bodies
of the galley slaves a cursory sponging with rancid olive oil in order to
protect their skin from the bright rays of the Mediterranean sun.  But, at the
direction of Balbinus, Taleena had been singled out for special attention.  The
corpulent slave merchant had directed the tasker, a muscular Aethiopian, to rub
the gleaming oil into her flesh with his bare hands, while she sat helplessly on
her wooden bench chained to her oar.  Taleena shivered slightly as she
remembered her humiliation and the roughness, the virile aggressiveness with
which the tall African had kneaded the slick, slippery oil into her shapely,
sun-kissed breasts, often spending more time on them than on the entire bodies
of the other rowers. 

	Taleena's blue eyes blinked twice, quickly, as she tried to put her
desperate days on the galley behind her, and sought instead to focus on the
Nubian whose self-confident behaviour showed that there was actually no reason
to refrain from relaxing and enjoying these pleasant caresses.  She closed her
eyes and tried to relax, but a short time later she heard a movement alongside
her and realized that the black woman had risen from her bench. "Take care," the
slim retiaria said over her shoulder as she reached the door, and Taleena sat up
abruptly.

	"Wait," she exclaimed, as she grabbed her towel and hurried after the
African beauty, displaying little confidence in the ability of rules and
regulations to spare her from indignities at the hands of the Egyptians.  But
when she entered the changing room, the Nubian was gone.

	Taleena put on the fresh garments that she found in her locker and left
the bathhouse. On the way back to her cell she continued to muse about the
unbidden sensual pleasure she had felt during her brief massage until her
anxiety about the day to come returned.  It took all of her mental fortitude to
fight off doubt and despair and persuade herself that all might yet be well.


*  *  *
	
	Upon arriving back at her cell, Taleena reclined on her plank bed and
pulled her blanket tightly around her.  Despite her fatigue she was at first
unable to sleep, troubled by both physical aches and mental anxiety.  She tossed
and turned fitfully for a while, but stopped suddenly when she heard the first
notes of a tune played on a flute drifting gently through the night.  The
plaintive melody reminded her of a shepherd's song she had heard occasionally as
a girl, when she had gone hiking through the verdant meadows of her homeland. It
seemed strangely unreal to hear those haunting pastoral tones, so reminiscent of
field and forest, permeating the grimness of the Flavian compound, but the
sweetness of the tune immediately began to soothe her troubled frame of mind. 
She held her breath so as not to miss a note, for the only music that she had
heard in recent months had been the cruel, incessant pounding of the
pace-setting drum on the Thetis. In all her days on board that horrible vessel,
she could not remember hearing so much as a single man sing or hum or whistle -
save for the derisive and humiliating whistles leering members of the crew had
occasionally directed her way.

	As she listened to the nocturnal flautist, she began to hum along softly
to the simple, nostalgic tune, while her heart filled with memories of distant
home and far-off family.  In a short time she was asleep, her eyelids moist with
tears, but her face wreathed in a smile evocative of happier times.




V.


	After such an exhausting day, Taleena slept soundly, the gentle sounds
of the flute dreamily transporting her back to more pleasant times.  But when
she awoke on the following morning, the soreness in her every muscle reminded
her immediately of her new lot in life.  After rising painfully from her bed,
she donned the two white triangles that comprised her form-fitting subligaculum,
tugging the brief loin-cloth tightly around her slim waist by means of the
broad-buckled belt.  Then she wrapped the breast-hugging beige strophium around
her chest, knotting its ribbon tightly on her back.

	She was already on her way to the cell door when she remembered to put
on the ankle-weights, fearing Byrria's wrath should she attend the training
session without them. As she finally climbed the staircase which led from the
basement to the entrance hall of the staff building,  she dared not think how
much worse the stiffness might have been had she not had the benefit of that
pleasant but disquieting massage.              

	The entrance hall was massive and opulent. Wide corridors, lined with
mosaics of battle scenes, led from the far corners of the room to the small but
efficient station of the unctores and to other parts of the house. The great
hall was dominated by a large staircase which led down to the basement and up to
the staff quarters.  The centre of the hall was filled by a huge stone table,
the eight legs of which were realistically carved into the likenesses of
demigods, kneeling figures who supported the massive tabletop on their shoulders
- as Atlas the Titan was said to carry the vault of heaven

	The table was blanketed with great quantities of food - corn bread,
dried and fresh fruits, honeyed milk, and water - from which the recruits made
their choices.   After having taken breakfast, they entered the yard, each of
them well aware that their second day of training might prove even more
difficult to endure than the first.  The rising sun was bright in an azure sky
streaked with wispy cirrus clouds, promising a pleasant spring day, but
fortunately the April sun was not yet hot enough to add greatly to the rigours
of the training.


*  *  *

	"You may think that we worked you hard yesterday," Calixtus welcomed the
recruits in his roaring voice, "but that was only a taste to whet your appetite. 
By the time the sun sinks in the west this evening you may well regard
yesterday's training as a pleasant holiday!  If we can break you - and break
some of you, we shall!" he added, eyeing his charges like a grim-looking
bulldog, "you will be of no use to us as fighters.  You'll be fit for nothing
more than sparring partners for real gladiators.  And after they've carved you
up a bit, we'll sell whatever's left of you as fodder for the beasts, so that
Flavius can recoup some of his precious sesterces."  Calixtus surveyed the faces
of the newly-pallid recruits.  "But there is always hope for those who give
their all.  So show us that you're worthy of training!"

	With those words, Calixtus indicated that they were to begin the day's
labours with another run, and gave the signal to start. The recruits hurried to
the track, where they found that they would not be burdened with the yokes, but
therefore would be expected to cover twice the prior day's distance in the same
time frame.

	Her legs still aching from the prior day's exertion, Taleena could
hardly bring herself to walk, but the two instructors demanded a murderous pace,
prodding them to greater efforts with vine cane or crop each time someone dared
to slacken. Selia was once again the first to collapse, earning a few fresh
lashes across a back that was already dappled with scarlet blotches from the
blows she had received on the prior day.  When the rest of the field crossed the
finishing line, Taleena noticed that several contestants were retching up the
meager contents of their stomachs.

*  *  *

	They were only granted a short respite before the training continued
with gymnastics. The training area chosen for this purpose was situated in the
left corner of the compound in front of the smithy, and after a quarter of an
hour of limbering up - forward bends, lunges and other muscle-straining
stretching - the invigorating exercises became far more taxing when the trainees
were directed to do the splits.  Most of the men had difficulty coping with this
challenge, leading Calixtus to compel them to place their feet on pairs of
wooden blocks which the attendants inexorably dragged further apart, thus
lowering them painfully into the required position.

	While the attendants had been bringing the blocks from the smithy where
they had been stored, Taleena was startled to notice that the gangly,
ill-featured guard who had been spying on her had taken his place among them,
giving directions and hurrying them along - even though a guard had no business
involving himself in the training process per se. The purpose of his unsought
assistance was obvious - while the attendants were busy toting the spreader
blocks over to the men, the young guard had positioned himself so that he had an
admirable vantage point to observe the two female recruits who continued to bend
and stretch in preparation for the demanding splits.

	Both young women found that their limber young bodies were capable of
doing the splits without assistance, but Byrria ensured that they derived little
comfort from their advantage. She made them step out of the line and take up a
position only a few paces away from the men who struggled with their
half-grounded position.

	It was only when Taleena had begun to extend her legs parallel to the
ground that she realized that the guard who at first had given her only quick,
furtive glances, had abandoned any pretence of being interested in the duties of
the block-carriers.

	Yesterday during the initiation run he had watched the two young
beauties struggling under their yokes from a distance, but now his 'help' had
provided  him with a good pretext to get a closer look at their female charms. 
He tried to disguise his interest by adopting a casual attitude, but there was
nothing casual about the way his avaricious eyes drank in the alluring vista of
the girls' smooth, taut-muscled thighs, the soft, feminine flesh of their bare
bellies, the enticing curvature of their ribcages which protruded in bold relief
under the tightly-stretched skin. 

	Taleena glared at him, trying to catch his eye so that she could
register her contempt, but his hot and hungry eyes never strayed north of her
out-thrust breasts which so pleasingly pressed against the clinging strips of
sweat-drenched cloth which hugged them, emphasizing the very curves they were
designed to conceal.

	Taleena's barely suppressed rage at the impertinence of the increasingly
bold voyeur was interrupted by a sharp order from Byrria.  "Flat on the ground,
both of you!" the dark-eyed instructress barked imperiously. "I want to see your
loin-cloths kiss the gravel!"

	The two women struggled to lower themselves even further, but even after
they were at full extension, Byrria was still not satisfied.

	"Extend your arms!" she bellowed at Taleena.  "Keep them parallel to
your legs!  And upturn your palms!"

	No sooner had the blonde Avernian done so than she felt a weight placed
in her right hand which bore the welt from the lash she had earned yesterday. 
"Don't you dare drop your arms!" Byrria snapped as she placed a second
fist-sized stone in the Avernian recruit's left hand, before she proceeded to
place similar rocks in the Baetican girl's outstretched palms.

	The young guard stood there nervously, his probing eyes glancing back
and forth at the beautifully posed bodies of the two women in front of him.  A
vulpine smirk stole over his features, as if he could hardly believe his good
fortune. He drank in the sight of the young beauties, their lovely faces set in
lines etched with strain, their quivering, stone-burdened arms and shapely legs
outstretched, the white linen triangles of their loin-cloths clinging to the
junctures of their legs, the protruding tendons of their firm-fleshed inner
thighs attesting to the cruel tension of their enforced posture.
	
	It did not take long for the weight of the stones to begin to gnaw at
the muscles in Taleena's shoulders, thus distracting her from the guard's
presence. Selia's arms sank quickly under the burden of the weights, and out of
the corner of her eye, Taleena saw Byrria's menacing crop whizzing through the
air on its way toward the Spaniard's rounded shoulders. 

	"Keep your arms up!" the Thracian Tigress growled as the Spaniard howled
in pain.  "What are you whining about, girl?" the blue-clad lanista snapped
contemptuously as she lashed at the soft shoulders again with a swift backhand
which drew another tortured cry from the slender Baetican. "If you lower your
sword arm in the ring because your shoulder is weary, your opponent will give
you a lot worse than a lash across the back!"  

	Moments later Taleena had occasion to share her comrade's pain when
Byrria stepped behind her and admonished her for letting her own rock-laden arms
drop an inch.  Taleena grimaced as the evil crop blazed a fiery trail across her
back, and to her chagrin she could not prevent her body from shuddering in a
breast-bobbling convulsion that drew a salacious smile from the pock-marked
guard.

	Taleena gave an outraged groan and her angry blue eyes fired daggers at
the leering youth as she struggled to lift her aching arms to the desired height
once again. But his cowardly gaze never dared to meet her own, remaining fixed
upon her taut-stretched body, repeatedly making the leisurely excursion from her
heaving breasts downward across her flat stomach to the place where her skimpy
loin-cloth kissed the ground, before retracing his way homeward to the curves
where his journey had begun. His leering eyes became briefly distracted when
Byrria slashed at the Baetican's back for the third time, before coming to rest
again on Taleena's damp strophium once again. Taleena's fury grew as she watched
the boy lick lustfully at his dry lips, and clench and unclench his hands with
ill-suppressed excitement as he took in the sight of her turgid nipples, chafed
to an unbidden semi-erection by the constant friction of the clammy cloth,
poking boldly against the thin fabric.

	"Do you like what you see, Rutilius?" Byrria jeered at the smirking lad
who flinched at the tone of rebuke in the lanista's voice.  He clearly resented
the way Byrria had called attention to his private pleasures, but, like most of
the staff,  he was more than a little timorous in the presence of the wild-eyed
instructress - and not only because she was the mistress of Flavius Autronius,

	"Why don't you ask Master Flavius to relieve you from your guard duty,
and make you a training attendant?" Byrria scoffed. "That way you could sniff
around my pretty kittens all you like - and we could give you something useful
to do besides watching," she added with a mocking laugh, which was soon echoed
by the other attendants.

	The gaping lad flushed angrily and took a half step backwards,
apparently intent on fleeing, but unable to tear his rapacious gaze from the
fullness of Taleena's breasts - especially since a second savage slash of the
crop across the nearly bare back of the arm-weary recruit had sent yet another
palpable shudder of pain coursing through her scantily-clad body.

	Despite the fierce sting of the lash and the continuing humiliation of
her position, Taleena took some pleasure from the fact that her cowardly nemesis
had been exposed to public scorn.  Now that she knew his name, her fear of the
sneaking, skulking jackal of the shadows had been transformed into a withering
contempt.

	The mortified young man was clearly intimidated by the Thracian tigress,
and dared not oppose her, but that didn't keep the pock-marked youth from giving
Taleena a final vindictive glare, as if he held her responsible for his
humiliation. Physically, Rutilius' stringy physique could hardly have been less
imposing, but even though Taleena trusted in her ability to defend herself from
the youth in a fair fight, there was a malice in his shifty eyes that caused her
to dread the thought of finding herself in a situation in which he held the
upper hand. 

	Just then Calixtus, who had been overseeing the men's exercises a short
distance away, announced the end of the gymnastics session, and ordered the
recruits to assemble for the circuit training, thus allowing Rutilius to turn on
his heel and slink angrily away toward the guard house.

	Grateful for Calixtus' announcement, Taleena let the stones fall from
her hands, and her aching arms drop to her sides, as she wondered if the homely
guard was merely returning to his duties, or whether he was in search of a new
hiding place...


*  *  *

	The exercises that comprised the circuit training were much the same as
they had been on the prior day, but the two instructors had thought of some
nasty improvements.

	"Since the women's quota was evidently not a sufficient challenge for
you," Byrria addressed Taleena with a sneer, "You will be rated against the
men's quota today."

	The words caused Taleena's heart to sink.  The women's quota had brought
her close to breaking, and now she was being required to increase her
performance by a third again! This would almost certainly earn her a demerit per
day, and at the end of the first week she would be whipped like the miserable
Selia, even if she had actually reached her original target! She did her best
not to blame the Spaniard for her misery, but it was hard to quell the anger
that rose within her and remain passive against this palpable injustice.
	
	"We shall start with the chin-ups again!" Byrria interrupted her
thoughts. "Prove to us that you can compete with men!"

	Taleena stepped forward resolutely, determined not to show her
increasing desperation, and Arminius took his position under the second bar. He
of all people! Taleena thought ruefully, for the giant German would make her
failure even more evident. The muscles in his arms were no less prodigious than
those of his shoulders, which were remarkably broad and well-defined, as if they
had been carved from the marble of the Carraran quarries. Had they been standing
in a row, his mighty silhouette would have totally eclipsed Taleena's slender
frame.

	Knowing that complaints would prove unavailing, Taleena stepped firmly
onto the footstool and reached for the bar, as did Arminius. In light of the
ankle-weights they were wearing, only sixteen repetitions were mandatory for the
women, and twenty-four for the men. The German began immediately to pull himself
up, seemingly without difficulty, while Taleena's injured hand made itself
painfully felt. But she continued doggedly, raising her chin to the bar,
lowering herself, and then pulling herself up again, though the muscles in her
arms and shoulders were soon aflame from the strain. She had just managed the
fourteenth repetition when Arminius had completed his task and let himself fall
to the ground. She completed the fifteenth lift with infinite slowness, then
managed half another one before she could take no more. Hanging at full stretch
from the bar, her feet sought the footstool, and when they had found it, she
stepped meekly down, noticing Byrria's faint smile of satisfaction.

	The press-ups were next, and to her horror, today they had to be
performed above what looked like broken tiles. The small fragments were
sharp-edged, and those who could no longer push themselves up would slump face
down into this sea of shards!

	"Fifty!" Byrria demanded.

	Instead of thirty-five! thought Taleena, as she took her position, but
the trainers were not satisfied.

	"Spread your arms wider!" Calixtus shouted, and as if to stress this
demand, Byrria kicked against Taleena's left wrist to force her arms further
apart. Deprived of her balance, Taleena crashed hard onto the ground, and
shrieked in pain. On her left, Arminius had been given the same treatment, but
that was a cold comfort. For a man it might be painful to land prone on the
shard-strewn ground - for a woman, especially one so well endowed as Taleena, it
was sheer agony. The strophium which covered, but did not conceal the fullness
of her breasts, was hopelessly inadequate to protect her soft flesh from the
fragments of tile. Stabs of pain tore through her, and so great was the pressure
of her body on her bulging breasts that Taleena was surprised that the broken
tiles, though painfully sharp, failed to pierce her skin.

	She quickly heaved herself up again to escape from the prone and painful
position, and took a wider stance with her arms to satisfy the trainers, and
then she began to do the press-ups. After the thirtieth her arms began to
weaken, but with clenched teeth she went on till thirty-eight. The time she
spent in the lowered position became longer and longer now, and after the
forty-first the pain knifing through her arms kept her from pushing herself up
again. Her quivering muscles just failed her, and once again she fell prostrate
on the tiles, but this time she managed to keep herself from crying out again
when the jagged stones tore at her tender flesh. She was about to rise when she
felt the hob-nailed sole of Byrria's military boot stamp on her back, pinning
her rudely to the ground.

	"How does it feel to fail?" the Thracian sneered, and the malice in her
voice cut Taleena to the quick.  "You will get used to it!" Byrria added, her
voice dripping with sneer, and as if to underline her verdict she increased the
pressure of her foot, crushing the groaning noviate's tender breasts even more
forcefully into the shards of fired clay before she withdraw it, allowing
Taleena to continue the circuit.

*  *  *

	Taleena would never know how she had endured until lunch break. Without
that interval to recover from the long run, the humiliating splits, and the
exhausting circuit training whose climax had been her painful sojourn among the
tiles, she might not have had the strength to make it through the balance of the
afternoon. 

	When the break was over, the two lanistae reassembled the recruits, and
Byrria once again paired the two girls against each other for another strenuous
session of swordplay.  But today Byrria had added another refinement - not only
would the sorely-tried beauties have to kneel in the gritty sand once again, but
today their lead-lined ankles had been fitted with spreader-bars as well, which
made their kneeling duel even more difficult and painful than it had been the
day before.

	Byrria taught them a variety of different combinations of attack, parry
and riposte and made them learn them by heart, forcing them to go through the
motions again and again. As on the day before, their right hands were pinioned
behind their backs, and their wrists were tied to their belts.  In their
kneeling position, their only chance to dodge a blow depended upon their ability
to move their upper bodies quickly and gracefully.

	In comparison to the actions of her inept Baetican comrade, Taleena's
motions appeared to be almost graceful. Selia, sadly, like most young women, was
by nature and physique utterly unsuited to such a physically demanding contest. 
She did her best, but even if she had not been exhausted by a day and a half of
exertion punctuated by occasional lashes from the sharp-eyed Thracian's stinging
crop, she would have been no match for Taleena.  By comparison, the Gall was
taller, stronger, and better co-ordinated.  Her natural athleticism enabled her
to wield the sword with her left hand with far less difficulty than she might
have expected. And in addition to her tight bondage, the throbbing welt on her
right palm provided additional incentive to concentrate on her left hand, even
though Byrria's vicious stroke of the prior day had surely had no such purpose

	In mid-afternoon, the recruits were given another short break.  As the
young water-boy made his rounds, carrying his goatskin bag from one grateful
recruit to the next, Taleena pondered the reason for her unexpected facility for
left-handed combat. Images from her childhood crossed her mind as she recalled
how one of her brothers had broken his right arm and had had to wear it in a
sling for about three months. At first, she and her siblings had made fun of his
awkward attempts to use his left arm, laughing at him when he spilled his food
over himself. But then they had all made a game of seeing which of them could
best use his left hand for their daily tasks.

	Taleena doubted that this childhood episode was solely responsible for
her relative ambidexterity, but surely it had not been without value. She
resolved to herself that henceforth she would perform all of her daily routines
with her left hand - just as she had done in those carefree days of childhood.
As if her life depended upon it.

          Just then Selia, who had been squatting on the ground to her right,
sat up to greet the curly-haired water-boy, greeting him as if he were young
Ganymede, the cup-bearer of the gods.  She tilted the bag, letting its precious
cargo flow into her mouth, uncaring that some of it splashed off her chin and
spilled down onto her chest, wetting her pale breast-cloth to a near
transparency.

	As her comrade did so, Taleena heard a guttural laugh and glanced in the
direction of the male recruits to see from whom it came.  The German contingent
knelt in the sand opposite the two girls a stone's throw away, and one of them,
a squat, muscular man with a coarse beard had called the attention of his
cronies to the way Selia's damp and flimsy top clung to the curves of her young
breasts. 

	The Rhinelanders chuckled among themselves and continued to ogle the
unsuspecting Spaniard, and when it was Taleena's turn to drink, she gave the boy
a friendly smile but drank carefully, self-conscious of how the motion she used
to tilt the bag raised her breasts provocatively.  She blushed and turned
slightly to one side so that she wouldn't have to meet the men's lecherous
stares, but gratefully drank her fill before returning the goatskin to the boy.

	Soon the recruits were engaged in the day's second round of swordplay
practice, hacking away with their wooden swords once again. Selia cowered under
Taleena's fresh onslaught, completely unaware that her blue-eyed opponent was
unleashing her feminine fury not on her, but rather on any man whose leering
glee made the daily training even harder to cope with.


VI.

	The third day started much like the two preceding days - with a run.
And, as Taleena had come to expect, the two lanistae had devised new refinements
to make each day's challenges more arduous than the last.  Today the oval track
was ringed with obstacles of varying heights, spaced at irregular distances
around the track.  The larger obstacles were waist-high hurdles which each
runner would be forced to clear; smaller barriers of similar shape, some no more
than a foot in height, were placed on the track, so that the recruits would have
to crawl beneath them on their bellies.

	"You will start in pairs," Calixtus stated. "You two will go first," he
added in a gruff voice, as he pointed his menacing vine-cane at Taleena and
Selia who stood first in line.

	"Twelve laps," the bald lanista bellowed to the assembled gladitorial
candidates, "shall be your target today.  See that you do not fail to achieve
it!" Then he turned toward the two women with a wolfish smile. "In order to
prove to you that I am a generous man," he said, "I will give you two the start
of half a lap. But if the men overtake you it will cost you a demerit!" He gave
them a threatening stare, and his rather domineering tone of voice suggested
that he would not mind overmuch if they were to fail - and thus be forced to
face the consequences of that failure.

	Spurred on by the chief-instructor's threat, the two girls hit the
track, and both of them took the first high hurdle in fair style, only to dive
on the ground to crawl through a low one. They went on side by side, jumping and
diving until Selia began to fall slightly behind after the third lap. Looking
back, Taleena realized that both of them still had a good lead, because the men
were having considerable difficulty in negotiating the low-lying obstacles.

	With each passing lap, the tall obstacles seemed to grow higher, while
the low ones seemed to shrink even lower to the ground.  By the time Taleena
crossed the starting line for the sixth time, the cumbersome effect of the ankle
weights had begun to take an ever-greater toll, sapping the strength from her
long legs with every stride.  Even so she was able to maintain a respectable
pace, even as Selia dropped further and further behind.

	Two laps later, their nearest pursuers - Arminius and one of the
Numidians - drew inexorably closer. Being the lither one of the two, it was the
slender Numidian who seemed to manage the constant change of jump and dive
better, so he had a slight advantage over the giant German. As she came out of a
turn, Taleena, her chest burning and her side afflicted by a gnawing pain,
glanced back over her shoulder at her comrade, who had fallen some thirty yards
behind.  A pitiful look of despair came over the face of the Spanish girl, as
she heard the ominous rush of oncoming footsteps.  The slender girl tried to
find the strength to pull away from her pursuers, but she did not - could not -
and the men's power prevailed.

	The two men surged past the faltering girl, serving notice to Taleena
that she, too was in danger of being passed in the three remaining laps. The
race had evolved into a chase, a grim pursuit. Hearing the unmistakable crack of
a crop on female flesh, Taleena, striving not to be overtaken as Selia had been,
threw herself on the ground and almost slid through the upcoming low hurdle,
even if this meant that the coarse cinders left scratches on her knees, thighs
and elbows, and tore at her sparse clothing. Struggling to her feet, cinders
sticking to her sweat-laved, grimy skin, Taleena screamed at herself to maintain
her lead at all cost.  Her desperate, almost self-destructive dive had allowed
her to gain a few paces on her rivals, and by a supreme effort she managed to
preserve that lead over her pursuers as she completed the first of the three
remaining laps.

	But two torturous laps remained, and the bright morning sun had begun to
take its toll as well, and she, too, was forced to slacken her pace.  Her lungs
overworked and suffering, her heart pounding, her breath coming in ragged gasps,
the effort required to keep her tired legs moving was gradually wringing the
last ounce of strength out of her.

	Her lead continued to melt slowly away and during the ultimate lap
Taleena had weakened so much that she had to climb over the hurdles. But except
for the leading Numidian, none of the contestants was able to jump over them
anymore. The mighty Arminius merely knocked them down in his final sprint, which
allowed him to catch up with his Numidian counterpart and the twosome came so
close to Taleena that she could hear their laboured breathing and almost feel
their hot, gasping breath on her neck.

	Taleena fought valiantly to maintain her slight, shrinking lead, but her
pursuers' footsteps grew closer and closer.  When the finish line came within
sight, she threw her exhausted body forward with a desperate lunge so forcefully
that her straining thighs could no longer keep up with the pace imposed by her
will.  She stumbled forward, just managing to stagger across the line a step
ahead of her two rivals, before sprawling headlong onto the ground.

	She retched where she lay, vomiting bile when there was nothing left in
her stomach, but eventually her panting became breathing again, her racing pulse
slowed to more normal levels, and the sweat stopped oozing from her. Had she
been able to think, she might have felt proud, but very little lucid thought was
possible in her situation. It was only when her body was beginning to pull
itself back from the edge of breakdown that she began to realize fully the
narrowness of her victory and how close she had come to defeat.

*  *  *

	After the massive effort the run had cost her, Taleena would never know
from which unknown source she summoned the energy to complete the circuit
training, which left her even further behind the men's quota than the day
before. But somehow she endured until the lunch break, and the hour-long respite
restored much of her strength. And strength she would need badly because as soon
as the training continued, the recruits were confronted with another strenuous
training discipline that seemed to have been designed for the sole purpose of
breaking them.

	Improving the swordplay was on the programme again, and the men were
already kneeling in the sand, preparatory to being fettered with the
spreader-bars.

	When the girls picked their swords from the rack, Selia made the fateful
mistake of grabbing her weapon with her right hand. The malicious glint in the
Byrria's dark eyes showed that she must have been waiting for just such a slip,
and indeed the Baetican's mishap provided a welcome pretext for making the
female recruits' forthcoming training session even more arduous.

	The imperious Thracian, who had draped a pair of long, thin leather
straps over her left shoulder, ordered the young women to a special training
area in the right-most corner of the arena, where a circle of marble, perhaps
ten feet in diameter, had been planted in the ground, and Taleena's eyes widened
with horror at this sight. She thought of yesterday's training unit, how
horrible it had been to shift to and fro on her knees, dodging the blows of her
opponent. The thick layer of sand which covered the arena was compacted at the
base, with some two inches of looser material on top which could be raked over.
Beneath their feet the sand was packed hard enough to move on, but for those not
arena-trained it was an odd surface, slow going, tiring and sluggish - and
damaging to bare knees.  Taleena's knees were still hurting from her prior
lessons, but kneeling on that stone platform would exacerbate their soreness no
end.

	But still that was only half of the brutal ordeal that they would be
made to face.

	"Strip!" Byrria barked at them, and when they realized that they had
little choice but to obey, the two young women began to remove their sparse
clothing.

	As Taleena undid her strophium, she was well aware of the lustful stares
of the male recruits who knelt in the sand a short distance away. Even Calixtus
seemed to have abandoned his stolid professionalism, ignoring for the moment the
recruits he was supposed to be drilling, in order to stare intently at the two
magnificent specimens of womanhood in the marble ring as they reluctantly
unfastened their skimpy garments.

	A number of guards seemed to have gathered in a small group on the
nearest vantage point on the roof, which normally was only infrequently occupied
by one of the Syrian archers. Somehow word seemed to have spread through the
camp that the afternoon's training duel would be one of uncommon interest, and
the off-duty guards who had assembled on the roof seemed to outnumber those who
manned their normal posts. No one, it seemed, wanted to miss the exciting
spectacle of two naked beauties pitted against one another.  As the flimsy
ribbon that held her strophium together fell open, Taleena spied the angular
figure of Rutilius leaning forward on the roof, so agog with anticipation that
he seemed likely to fall over the balustrade at any moment.

	Taleena held the strophium modestly against her breasts, but quickly
became aware that her blushing shyness only served to enhance Byrria's
determination to degrade.

	"Your feigned modesty fools no one, Gaul!" Byrria said in a voice
dripping with scorn.  Then she spoke loud enough for every fighter in the arena
to hear.  "The lowest galley scum have seen this one naked, and yet she puts on
airs.  'Strip,' I said.  And be quick about it!"

	Taleena felt the warm glow of shame suffuse her upper body, but there
was no way of removing the rest of her garments without letting the breast-wrap
fall.  As soon as she lowered her hands to remove the belt that held her flimsy
loin-cloth, her splendid, pink-blushing breasts were bared to the gentle breeze
that swept the training ground, and to the lascivious glances of her wide-eyed
watchers.  

	Selia, in the vain hope that bringing her female charms to bear might
win Calixtus to her cause, had been quicker to shed her garments. Her slim,
almost boyish figure showed her firm, dark-tipped breasts to striking advantage,
and the dark, downy vee that adorned the juncture between her smooth thighs did
indeed attract the men's attention. Notwithstanding her poor qualities as a
fighter, the young Baetican was surely worth a look, beautiful in a petite,
girlish way. But her pleasing sylphlike figure was hardly a match for the
sensuous curves of the Avernian who soon faced her in all her naked glory.

	Out of the corner of her eye, Taleena noted that Calixtus had regained
his composure and resumed his swordplay lesson. Back to his old self, he ordered
the male recruits ruthlessly around, as if to punish them for their - and his
own - undisciplined digression from the business at hand.

	While the men were already suffering under Calixtus' severe regimen, the
two young women were compelled to prepare each other for the coming ordeal. 
Each had to help the other to fetter her ankles to the spreader-bar before
shuffling into the small marble ring.

	"On your knees!" Byrria commanded, and the two now-naked girls lowered
themselves to their knees as gently as they could. It took them but a moment to
conclude that the marble would be uncomfortable to kneel on if they were to
remain motionless; fighting from that position would surely prove to be
agonizing.

	"You remember lesson number one?!" Byrria sneered at Taleena, referring
to their encounter on the first day. "This shall serve as an even more
impressive reminder of it!"

	The deeply-tanned Thracian planted herself before the kneeling Gaul and
produced one of the long, leathern straps she had thrown over shoulder, looping
a noose around the recruit's slender neck and then tightening it so that the
knot rested just below Taleena's larynx. Byrria tugged at the leash and forced
Taleena to look up, and a smile lit her face when she saw her captive glaring at
her in her misery.

	"Knees wider apart!" the Thracian commanded teasingly, and prodded with
her foot against the inner side of Taleena's right knee to stress her demand.

	The enforced widening of her stance gave Taleena another foretaste of
the agonizing effect the marble floor would exert on her knees, but by gritting
her teeth she managed to keep herself from crying out. She knelt upright, her
wide-spread ankles tied to the outer ends of the bar, with the soles of her feet
pointing upwards. Since her entire weight pressed downward against the knee
joints, her knees were already aching although she had only been kneeling on the
grim marble floor for a very short time.

	Still matching Byrria's malicious gaze with a glare of her own, Taleena
felt the gentle breeze brush past the pink-lipped seam of her exposed vulva that
showed prominently between her spread thighs. She closed her eyes, crestfallen,
as a second wave of shame welled up from her soul and swept over her body. 

	Byrria smirked at Taleena's discomfiture as she stooped down to pass the
loose end of the strap between the girl's thighs, and then around the
spreader-bar. "Give me your right hand!" she barked at her from behind, and
Taleena flinched when she felt the coarse leather rubbing over her bare pubic
mound. Yet she obeyed, extending her right arm behind her back, cursing the gods
for her womanhood, and even more so for forcing her to fight left-handed, as her
right wrist was tied with the tail end of the strap. The war goddess herself
could not have fought well under such a handicap!

	Byrria quickly bound Selia in the same intricate fashion before stepping
back looking pleased with her work. The vile bondage forced the girls into an
utterly upright posture, and the least movement of their right hands would
tighten the brown strap against the most sensitive part of their bodies.
Furthermore, any jerk at the straps would threaten to unbalance them, and
struggling to stay upright, they would tug the leash in the opposite direction
with their necks, again at dire costs. Each harnessed girl would be compelled to
maintain a static posture and keep her right hand totally immobile, to render
the confining strap bearable.

	"Legend has it," Byrria began, "that Scythian warriors disciplined the
Amazon women they had abducted with a bondage not unlike the one you are
experiencing. It is most effective, is it not?"

	Taleena inwardly agreed, trying desperately to hold her body still, to
defer the pain as long as possible.  But she knew that once the swordplay began,
the coarse strap would wreak its havoc on her most sensitive flesh.

	"Even those wild indomitable women of the Asian steppe couldn't bear the
strap for long, before becoming quite compliant to the will of their virile
conquerors," the Thracian jeered, her smouldering eyes fixed on the piteous
recruits before her. "And it will certainly serve us well to cure the two of you
of the use of your right hands!"

	Taleena felt anger rising within her that she, too, should be made to
suffer for Selia's error, even though she knew that blaming the Baetican girl
for her misery would avail her nothing.

	"Concentrate on the five main combinations you learned yesterday,"
Byrria reminded them and handed them their swords. "Take your guard!"

	The two wickedly-harnessed girls took their stances with their left
knees forward, which shifted their centre of gravity to the trailing knee, and
raised their swords.  Byrria began to shout numbers from one to five into the
ring, expecting the recruits to carry out the corresponding sequence of attack,
parry and riposte, reviling them at each failure and forcing them to repeat the
sequence again and again.

	Soon they were laved with sweat, and although the friction of their
knees against the marble had been slight, the kneeling itself had become almost
unendurable. Keeping a static posture helped to reduce the vile effect of the
straps to a minimum, but the persistent rubbing of the coarse leather against
their most sensitive feminine tissue was painful enough. 

*  *  *

	From their vantage point on the roof the guardsmen watched with steadily
mounting excitement as the two women young drilled, mesmerized by the sight of
the nude contestants, one dark-haired and slender, the other blonde and
voluptuous, while Byrria put them through their exhausting paces.  While the
straps and spreader-bars kept their lower bodies relatively still, their
sword-wielding exertions kept their breasts in nearly constant motion to the
delight of this first, non-paying audience.

	At one point Calixtus took his eyes off of his male charges long enough
to glance at the two women.  His position obliquely behind the beautiful
Baetican allowed him a perfect view of  her wriggling, sweat-glistening buttocks
as well as the magnificent vista of the gorgeous Gaul's pink-nippled breasts as
they shimmied and danced in the air with her every thrust and parry. As he wiped
fresh beads of perspiration from a brow wrinkled from the intensity of his gaze,
the bald lanista glanced up at the excited faces on the rooftops and nodded to
himself. Flavius knew his business.  The pleasure-seeking men of Rome would cram
the tiers of the amphitheatre, drawn to the sight of these two beauties in
combat as bears are drawn to the sweet smell of honey...

	Before an hour had passed, both contestants were barely able to keep
their swords aloft.  While Taleena's own breathing was laboured, her young
Spanish counterpart was wheezing and squeaking with every exchange, a clear sign
that she was on the verge of collapse.

	Finally Byrria interrupted the training, and the girls sighed with
relief when they were allowed to drop their arms.

	"That will be enough of the exercises, for now," the olive-skinned
lanista explained to the panting young women.  "During your stay here we shall
drill you until you drop, I assure you.  But now it is time for some sparring,"
the Thracian explained. "In the arena victory - and survival - will depend as
much upon fighting spirit as technique. To survive you must learn to react with
the quickness of a snake; without her quickness, the snake would be an easy prey
to the claws of the eagle!  You will continue in freestyle combat, now, to
develop that quickness.  But no blows to the head! And show some fighting
spirit, will you!"

	The nude combatants took their guard again and swung their weapons with
renewed vigour.  When their wooden swords crashed together, each had to struggle
to absorb the recoil of the exchange.  Selia reacted with more agility than
Taleena would have thought possible, quickly bringing her arm up again in order
to launch a second attack. Taleena dived sideways, evading the swift downward
sweep of Selia's sword, but at the cost of a fierce tugging at her groin, as the
terrible strap bit deep into her girl-flesh.  In the same motion she countered
with a slashing blow that raked across her opponent's chest.  Selia shrieked
with pain, but that did not forestall Taleena from thrusting forward with a
stabbing motion, catching the slender Baetican in the stomach and causing her to
double up in pain.  Taleena then landed the coup de grace, a hacking blow across
Selia's bare back that ended the duel almost before it had begun.

	"Stop, stop! You're hopeless!" Byrria shouted angrily, glaring at the
defeated Spaniard as she shook her head in disgust. "Well, you've just earned
your demerit for today!" she snapped. "Get out of my sight! Go to the others and
practise on the straw figure!" - "And tell Breaca to come over," she added
tersely. "She's one of the twins. She shall bring along her sword and boots. She
will know which!"

	The ill-tempered Thracian released the slim Spanish girl from the
Scythian Strap and the spreader bar, and Selia rose and staggered painfully
away, her downcast bearing indicating that she knew that her failure had brought
her even closer to an encounter with the whip at the end of the week.

	Taleena's eyes watched the newly freed girl longingly, almost concluding
that it would be worth a demerit to be freed from the cruel strap-bondage and
allowed to rise from the obdurate marble.  Her knees felt like they were slowly
crushed between the grinding stones of an oil press, creating a dull pain which
almost seemed to eclipse the searing twinge at her groin. As Selia joined the
other fighters Taleena saw that they were enjoying a break and being served by
the young water-boy.  

	"I'm... I'm thirsty..." she uttered wearily as she watched the other
fighters drink from the boy's waterskin.  During the protracted sword-drill and
the brief sparring match the warm afternoon sun had been beating down
mercilessly, and her body, nude save for the Scythian Strap, was as dehydrated
as her throat was parched.

	Byrria looked patronizingly down at the sweat-laved girl. "Well, a
little water seems fair enough," she stated generously. "Larius!" she then
shouted over the yard, waving at the slave-boy to come over, and as he did, she
sneered at Taleena: "But you'll have to beg for it!"

	Larius, as the slave-boy seemed to be named, approached Taleena shyly,
but he seemed unsure as to how to proceed. He could have been no more than ten
years of age, and he was the only male creature in the compound whose eyes were
not bright with lustful intent.  When he had come within an arm's length of
Taleena, Byrria put her hand on the boy's shoulder, stopping him while he
examined Taleena's body with child-like curiosity.  Taleena knew that Byrria
would take pleasure in the abjectness of her condition, but her scathing thirst
got the better of her pride.

	"Water...please...," she murmured again to the boy in an entreating
voice, while trying to ignore the domineering smile that crept across the
Thracian's stern countenance.

	The child stood in awe, watching the nude young woman's vile restraints,
and although he realized that she was in considerable pain, he couldn't possibly
assess the extent of Taleena's sexual degradation. When he had overcome his
first astonishment, he stepped closer and lifted his goatskin-bag to bring it to
the kneeling woman's lips, shrinking slightly back when she moaned softly as she
craned her neck at the cost of a tug at the crotch strap.
	
	But he continued to pour some of the water-skin's contents carefully
into the Avernian's longingly opened mouth, unaware that every man in the arena
envied his vantage point for taking in the gorgeous landscape of the Gaul's
body, the breath-taking splendour of her nudity interrupted only by the thin
brown strap between her shapely thighs.  Thin streams of water escaped the
corners of her mouth, faithfully following the slope of her slender throat, down
through the valley between her out-thrust breasts, across the ridge of her chest
and further down over the smooth plane of her belly, to reach the fertile delta
between her thighs which had been ploughed so roughly by the leathern harness.

	"Enough!" Byrria snapped, and the young slave reluctantly withdrew the
skin and put a stopper on the opening.  "That's more than she deserves!"

	"Thank you," Taleena said gratefully to the boy who met her thanks with
a brief smile. She still strove to avoid looking at the Thracian, and kept her
eyes fixed on the young Ganymede who had shouldered his bag and was just about
to turn away when Byrria stopped him.
	
	"Wait!" the Thracian ordered the boy, in a voice that suggested her
disappointment that Taleena still managed to cling to the last threads of her
dignity.   An evil gleam shone in her dark eyes.  "You can do the pretty lady
another good turn, Larius, by helping her to adjust her harness.  Why don't you
give her cord a little jerk?"
	
	Larius gave the Thracian a blank look, obviously puzzled by the meaning
of the trainer's suggestion.  He glanced at Taleena, who, while drinking, had
dropped her sword and placed her free left hand over the golden tendrils of her
pubic hair. Her fingers fumbled furtively with the leathern chord, obviously in
an effort to slacken the strap's inhumane grip, but even a child could see that
the strap still fit very tightly. If he were to pull it ...
	
	The helpless recruit shot an angry glare at the evil-eyed lanista,
appalled that the Thracian would involve a child in her cruel games.  But her
glare was not returned, for Byrria's smouldering eyes were on the curly-haired
boy, watching him struggle with his moral dilemma.  Taleena knew that Byrria
would see to it that the young slave-boy would be chastised if he failed to
obey, so she took a deep breath and smiled at Larius as best she could.  "It's
all right...," she encouraged him in a soft voice.  "Do as she says. Perhaps the
strap has come a bit loose."
	
	Larius still hesitated, but finally he reached out his small hand and
slipped his fingers under the strap, just above the kneeling young woman's
heaving breasts. Taleena willed herself to keep smiling even as she gritted her
teeth as the boy's grip made the fiendish strap, mercifully moistened by the
spilled water, bite ever deeper into her sensitive flesh.
	
	"Come on, boy," Byrria snapped, tapping her menacing crop impatiently
against her bare thigh. "Do as you're told! We haven't got all day - so just
give it a tug and run along!"
	
	Again the young water-slave hesitated, until Taleena inclined her head
gently to indicate to him to proceed.  But in his agitation, he jerked at the
strap more firmly than he had intended, and even though he let it go quickly
when he heard Taleena's half-stifled groan of pain, he watched, distraught, as
her blue eyes filled with silent tears of agony as the slippery strap cut into
her soft vaginal flesh.
	
	Larius gave Taleena a grief-stricken look and tears of pity and regret
began to fill his own innocent eyes.  He stood, rueful and helpless, for a long
moment and then, in a childish attempt to atone for the pain he had caused her,
he dropped the water-bag, his only possession, in front of Taleena before he
turned abruptly and ran off, a picture of dejection.  
	  
	"Well, he'll never be a Scythian warrior, will he?" Byrria scoffed, as
she watched the miserable child disappear in the distance.  She stepped forward
and kicked the half-empty bag out of Taleena's reach, literally trampling on
Larius' penitent offering.  Then her furious gaze returned to the kneeling
recruit, and a malicious smile lit her face at the sight of the suffering
Avernian.

	"Perhaps the strap has come a little loose," she scoffed derisively,
mocking Taleena's gentle tone of voice. "What a fool!"   Byrria's gleeful glance
slid downward to the juncture of Taleena's tawny, widespread thighs.  The moist,
supple leather was painfully embedded between the protruding folds of the naked
blonde's pubic mound.  A cruel smile creased her face before she returned her
gaze to the Avernian's tear-filled eyes.  "Well it looks to me as if the strap
is fitting tight enough to withstand another hour of swordplay!   So take up
your sword, Gaul!  I do not remember giving you leave to set it down!"
	
	Taleena groaned between clenched teeth as she bent forward to reach the
ground with her left hand, groping for her wooden weapon, her movements causing
the strap to rub to and fro between her thighs. But the prospect of enduring the
searing friction of the strap against her most tender and intimate flesh for
another hour caused her to shudder silently.  "No," she whispered softly to
herself, shaking her blonde head in despair, but the will of the domineering
Thracian was not to be denied.

*  *  *

	Taleena had just taken hold of her sword when one of the ginger-haired
Celtic girls appeared at the marble ring.  She wore a light armour of
brass-studded leather and boots that reached up to her knees, and carried her
sword casually on her shoulder. Her curly, shoulder-length hair was done in a
short ponytail that failed to tame her unruly locks, and one long tress fell
brazenly across her handsome face. Her legs were not quite as long and slender
as Taleena's, thus giving her a figure a bit more compact than the taller
Avernian's, but admirably well-proportioned. 

	"Breaca will teach you a lesson," Byrria stated, addressing both the
Taleena and the Celtic girl whose self-confident bearing contrasted starkly with
the Avernian recruit's uncertainty and fatigue. "Let us see how you fare when
you are confronted with a worthy opponent instead of a pathetic weakling!"

	Taleena glanced ruefully at Selia, who had overheard the raven-haired
Thracian, as the slender Spaniard slashed at the straw target with tearful but
rather inept fury.  What would become of that poor girl who had been thrust into
such a cruel and forbidding world?

	But Taleena had little time to concern herself with Selia's fate,
because the Celtic warrioress had planted herself in the place Selia had vacated
and was lowering herself to her knees.  Taleena stared at the Celt resignedly
and raised her sword, but she was under no illusion that she could long prevail
against her opponent.  Breaca was fresher, had far more experience, was neither
bound nor strapped, and her sturdy boots would protect her knees from being
bloodied by the adamantine hardness of the marble on which they both knelt.

	Byrria gave the signal to begin and the two women crossed their swords
in a gesture betokening mutual respect, but Breaca's wry countenance suggested
that she was hardly disposed to grant a warrior's respect to the nude and
hobbled creature who faced her.

	Breaca plunged forward immediately, and only by a great effort was
Taleena able to parry the thrust with her sword, moaning pitifully as she
shuffled backwards on her raw knees in order to avoid a following stroke.  She
had just managed to ward off a second blow when a third came, and Taleena
groaned in pain as the sword crashed through her attempted parry and raked
across her right breast.

	She struggled to keep her opponent at bay, but doing so caused her to
move her pinioned right arm involuntarily, and then to offset that movement she
made a sudden turn with her neck which instantly pulled the slippery strap even
deeper into the tender vaginal folds. Had it been thinner, the strap might have
sliced her to the bone; as it was, the damp leather only chafed the tender
insides of her labia, still hurting her so badly that she groaned in anguish
every time she was forced to alter her position.  And Breaca kept her moving!
Although the Celt applied pressure tirelessly, Taleena sensed that she was
holding back a bit, varying her strokes, allowing her opponent to block them,
but letting her know that she was capable of driving her wooden sword into her
whenever she chose.  Again and again Breaca's sword found Taleena's nude body,
poking her stomach, lightly hacking her thighs, scraping her tender breasts,
giving the Gaul a taste of the terrible hopelessness Selia must have felt under
her own onslaught.

	Throughout this endless assault, Taleena could feel the eyes of the
guards and attendants on her body.  Cheers and laughter from the roof erupted
each time the recruit's nude body flinched and shuddered when Breaca's wooden
weapon found its mark, or each time a sudden defensive movement caused the
fiendish strap to tighten between her wide-spread thighs and brought plaintive
moans from the tortured girl's lips.

	But still Taleena fought bravely on, her strength subsiding along with
the sun as the heavenly orb gradually concluded its diurnal descent behind a
ridge of foothills, leaving the western sky aflame with the reds and oranges of
a spring sunset. Taleena blocked and parried and countered until her agility was
crippled by pain, and her coordination was crushed by fatigue.  
	
	Finally, when she could barely raise her sword-arm, she tried to ward
off a menacing blow, and her imprisoned right arm pulled her off balance. A
searing pain tore through her strap-ravished groin, and she cried out in anguish
as she toppled over. Only some saving reflex caused her to extend her sword arm
so as to keep her from falling face-first into the floor.
	
	Squatting there on the ground, panting for breath, utterly spent,
nothing could have made her rise again.  Her body was awash with pain - her
knees raw, her sex sore, her pink-tipped breasts aching from the afternoon's
bouncing and bobbing, not to mention the ill effects of a few glancing blows. 
Even Byrria seemed to understand that she could take no more, and stooped down
to release her from her cruel bondage.

	The harnessed recruit shrieked in pain as the instructress used her
dagger to cut the strap, thus tightening its inhuman grip for a final dreadful
inch before the blade managed to cut its way through the tough leather.
Taleena's relief at being freed from the strap was redoubled when Byrria
released her ankles from the spreader bar which allowed her to drop sideways and
thus to withdraw her pain-wracked knees from the marmoreal floor.  But such was
her agony that she lay there on her side, her knees drawn up, sobbing audibly as
she removed the coarse leather from between the abraded folds of her sex and
pressed her newly-freed right hand between her burning thighs.

	"If you think that was bad, wait till you come to the arena, Gaul!"
Byrria scoffed rudely. "Breaca would have killed you a dozen times had the fight
been a real one! So get up! You'd better go and see the unctores."

	But Taleena had not the strength to move. She knew how shameful her
prostrate position must appear to the Thracian and her Celtic opponent, but was
too riddled with exhaustion to care.  Had it only been her third day in the
arena?  If this was Byrria's way of taking out her hostility on her, if her life
was going to be nothing more than a series of ordeals like the one she had
experienced today, what was the point of rising only to suffer again tomorrow? 
Better to die where she lay.

	But Byrria seemingly had had her fill for today. She told Breaca to call
it a day, and headed off for the main bulding, leaving the battered recruit to
her fate.

	It was quite some time before Taleena summoned up the strength to rise
from the floor. Groaning in pain, she pulled herself up onto her hands and knees
and rested for a moment, until she noticed that the beefy, black-bearded German
recruit was staring at her pendulous breasts as if they were a pair of
well-browned pullets on a roasting spit.  Avoiding his hungry glance, she
carefully crawled across the marble to retrieve the garments that Byrria had
ordered her to remove, but was too preoccupied with her misery to notice that
her crest-fallen position allowed other, more surreptitious eyes to linger on
her strap-ravaged pubic mound which protruded red and sore beneath the base of
her buttock-cleft.

	Grasping the flimsy pieces of cloth in her left hand, she turned to one
side, and only when she had risen onto one knee, did she see the grinning visage
of Rutilius the roof-dweller.  She glared at him and then tried to stand, like a
wounded fighter who had been driven to his knees and was now trying unsteadily
to regain his feet, while she held her garments in front of her to shield her
ravaged body from the disgusting youth's leering gaze.

	Once upright, she hobbled across the arena, each stride made painful by
the havoc the Scythian Strap had wreaked on the core of her femininity. Selia
gave her an appalled, compassionate look, knowing well that her own failure had
at least spared her the brutal ordeal her Avernian comrade had suffered for the
past hours.
	
	But except for the Baetican's sympathy, Taleena felt only the hot, lusty
glances of dozens of nearby males, fighters and guards alike, on her battered
body, and as she passed through a gauntlet of smirks, catcalls and obscene
gestures, tears of anger, pain, and frustration welled up in her blue eyes. Was
this what the Fates had ordained for her when they had spared her from the
rigours of the galley, she wondered?  A life of even direr enslavement, abuse
and degradation?




VII.

	When Taleena, nude and battered, staggered painfully into the infirmary
a few minutes later, the men on duty there were taken aback by her appearance. 
None of the three could recall having seen a candidate, much less a female
candidate, in such deplorable condition after a mere training exercise.  Some
time elapsed before the trio overcame their shocked disbelief and they
remembered their Hippocratic Oath.

	The infirmary was a small but efficient medical station, with a seasoned
medicus and two young orderlies who qualified as unctores. While his assistants
tended to the day-to-day cuts, bruises and sprains - of which there were many -
it was the physician's job to mend the serious wounds. Athenodoros, the eldest
of the three men, was Greek, like so many renowned physicians, and he professed
to be a student of the art of the famous Asklepiades. He was well versed in
surgery and a skilled herbalist whose salves and ointments had cured many
injured fighters. A number of senators and other patricians had tried to lure
him away from Flavius' employ with lucrative offers, but to their surprise he
had always declined.

	It was true that Flavius paid him well, but wealth was not his
incentive.  He stayed to work with the gladiators, because, save for the
battlefield itself, the arena was the finest school of anatomy in the world. 
Where else could one find chests and abdomens ripped open, so that the processes
of the heart and lungs and digestive organs were visible to the naked eye? 
Where else could one find skulls so crushed that the lining of the brain might
be studied, or limbs half torn apart so that the relationship of ligaments and
muscle, sinews and bone, might be examined in such minute detail?  Athenodoros
was a man of science, more interested in understanding the functioning of the
organs and the other structures of the human body than in caring for patients
per se. Even so, countless gladiators owed him their lives - or at least a
prolongation of their worldly existence.  For, in the long run, not even Apollo
the Healer could save them from the mortal injury that would eventually strike
down all but a glorious few.

	While Taleena sat apprehensively on a stretcher in the wound-dressing
area, the unctores spent quite some time examining her naked body to determine
the relative severity of her numerous injuries.  Athenodoros observed their
thorough inspection in near silence, nodding his gray head approvingly now and
then, and only occasionally interjecting to point out an unusual feature of a
particular gash or bruise. When he had determined that the injuries to her knees
were among the most serious, a worried-looking Athenodoros instructed one of the
unctores to place a thumb-thick wooden bit-gag in Taleena's mouth. 

	Once the trembling blue-eyed Avernian had clenched the dowel tightly
between her teeth, the other medical assistant tentatively applied a pungent
disinfectant to her abraded kneecaps, causing Taleena's naked body to shudder in
a frightful paroxysm of pain.  Only by biting down hard on the wooden bit was
Taleena able to suppress her unvoiced cries of suffering.  Without the gag, she
felt sure, her screams would have been audible back on the waterfront in Ostia.

	A cooling herbal essence soon eased the sting of the liquid fire that
enveloped her knees, but as bad as that treatment had been, it paled in
comparison to the shame, discomfort and pain that ensued when the caregivers
turned their attention to her strap-ravaged pubic area.

	Athenodoros directed his assistants to lash Taleena's bare, wide-spread
thighs tightly to the sides of the stretcher.  Then the old man signalled to the
younger of the two unctores that he was to hold Taleena's shoulders down to keep
her from thrashing around.  It had taken all of the young man's self-control to
press Taleena's bare shoulders firmly against the stretcher, his fingers only
inches from the beckoning softness of her opulent breasts.  But despite his
attempts to maintain a dispassionate professionalism, the touch and sight of her
magnificent body caused his manhood to swell against his tunic, until
Athenodoros, who was bent over his patient, noticed his assistant's excitement,
and gave the young man a glance so withering that his erection melted away in
seconds.

	Taleena had been oblivious to this byplay, her blue eyes having been
riveted apprehensively to the slender spatula that Athenodoros held between his
deft fingers.  She winced in pain as he applied a numbing ointment to the
painful abrasions on the inner surfaces of the tender folds of her sex.  Behind
Athenodoros, the other unctor looked on, with barely-suppressed excitement, as
his mentor was about to treat the once-secret place between the Gaul's shapely
thighs.

	Taleena watched with trepidation as the medicus shook his head in
disbelief as he began his work.  Although surely he was no stranger to the
female genitalia or the full range of gynaecological disorders, he seemed aghast
that training methods could cause such physical damage.  As he leaned forward to
swab a particularly raw area, Taleena's agony soared to a higher pitch, even
though his touch was meant to mend, not to exacerbate, her suffering. 

	Taleena's naked body reared so violently against this onslaught of pain
that she nearly overturned the stretcher to which her long legs had been bound. 
The perspiring young unctor who was responsible for holding her shoulders down,
wrestled valiantly to restrain her writhing torso as Taleena screamed into the
stifling bit-gag again and again.  Despite Athenodoros' earlier admonitions, his
aide was unable to tear his eyes from the pink-tipped mounds of flesh which
shuddered on her chest each time a fresh wave of pain-induced convulsions surged
through her supple body.

	Taleena's horrendous suffering slowly began to subside as the numbing
nature of the salve took effect.  A short time later, after Athenodoros had
completed his ministrations, the somewhat rattled unctores, their hands still
shaking slightly, released their beautiful patient from the straps that had
bound her bare thighs to the sides of the stretcher. Taleena rose, unsteadily,
and gave the heir of Asklepiades a grateful but questioning look.

	The old Greek seemed to understand what she was about to ask and smiled
benignly.  "You are in amazingly good condition considering what you have been
through," he said, which was difficult for Taleena to believe inasmuch as she
still felt the dreadful effect of the Scythian Strap between her legs.   "You
will continue to feel pain for a few days," the old man said gently, "but it
will lessen from day to day. The passage of time, child," he explained in a
grandfatherly way, "is Apollo's greatest gift to those who practice the healing
arts.  You will see. Just in case," he added while handing her the vial that
contained the numbing ointment, "I shall give you this. Apply it in the evening
after you have bathed. It will soothe the pain, and help you to sleep."


*  *  *

	When Taleena finally emerged from the infirmary, the setting sun had
followed Phaeton's celestial chariot down behind the walls of the arena.  The
western sky was ablaze with reds and oranges, as if in sympathy with the lurid
marks Breaca's wooden sword had left on her body.  Since there was still some
time before the cells were to be locked for the night, Taleena decided to make
her way to the abandoned bath house, in order to retrieve some fresh garments
from her locker, and to wash away the grime, sweat, and blood that were visual
reminders of her harrowing afternoon.

	Taleena longed for the cold water of the frigidarium to ease the
throbbing in her knees, but chose to avoid it lest the used water should infect
her wounds. So she went straight to the fountain in the tepidarium and took a
sponge, glancing briefly at the black marble statue of Mars which seemed to gaze
sternly down at her misery as she began her cleansing.

	"Be sure to thank him," a voice roused Taleena from her silent
self-absorption.  The flaxen-haired Gaul turned to see who had spoken and
discerned the graceful figure of the twin who had so outclassed her in the
sword-ring.  Breaca the Celt was lying leisurely in one of the basins, enjoying
the restful solitude of the bathhouse.   "You are still alive," Breaca
continued, gesturing in the direction of the stone image of the gloomy god of
war.  "So apparently he has spared you, as he has me since I chose him as my
protector."

	Taleena gave her ginger-haired conqueror a blank stare, wondering
whether the Celt was serious or just mocking her. Thanks to the tales told by
her mentor Eudocles, she was familiar with the deities of Rome, but it had never
occurred to her to choose one of them, least of all the war-like Mars, as her
tutelary. Yet she knew that the Romans viewed their bellicose deity as not only
as Mars the Warrior, but also as Mars the Healer - a natural corollary, inasmuch
as it was incumbent upon the grim god of the battlefield  to help to mend the
wounds of soldiers, if they were to re-enter his lists as soon as possible. 

	After her long ordeal the cool water felt so agreeable that Taleena
purred sensuously as she held the sea-sponge above her bosom and squeezed the
soothing water out so that it trickled down over the lush upper slopes of her
breasts, which were still woefully aching from the day's tribulations.  But her
soft murmur of pleasure grew into a scarcely stifled groan when rivulets of
water ran down her torso to the ravaged place between her smooth thighs.  Breaca
watched in silent sympathy as tears intensified the azure brightness of
Taleena's eyes as a trickle of water found the entrance to the sore pinkness of
her swollen slit, causing the innocent brooklet to turn into a thin, seething
stream of fire.  Gasping softly, Taleena pressed her hands firmly between her
legs as if the pressure of her gentle fingers could somehow ease the fiery pain
left by the barbaric strap.

	"I hope you bear me no grudge," Breaca addressed her again, her voice
showing honest regret. "It was not I who put the strap on you."

	"No," Taleena sighed wearily. "I should be grateful to you for not
cutting me to pieces, as you might have done."

	"Not at all!" Breaca retorted, a bit condescendingly, and again they
fell silent for a while before Breaca resumed the conversation. "I too have
fought on that marble floor when I was a recruit," she added sympathetically. 
"Not many would have endured it as long as you did." 

	Taleena was pleased that her fellow gladiatrix had remarked on her
stamina, though it didn't alter the fact that she felt like she had spent the
afternoon at a threshing floor - being the threshed, not the thresher.

	"When the basic training is over, you will only have to fight there as a
punishment," Breaca continued.  "We call it the Pit of Pain. If there is a
brawl, the quarrellers are bound to sort out their differences with small
whips."  

	Taleena envisioned the bare, sweat-drenched bodies of two aggrieved
fighters lashing each other bloody in that pit as she reached behind her to
sponge the sand and sweat from the soft curves of her buttocks. Her dripping
body shuddered in revulsion, but there was no disputing the fact that the
dreadful venue of cruelty had been well named. Her stomach balled into a knot at
the thought that one day she might have to fight there once again - against an
opponent less inclined to mercy than Breaca.

	"But I wonder that they strapped you with the cords at this early
stage," the Celt mused. "The leather bindings are used as a chastisement if you
remain too dependent on your right hand. But surely it is unfair to expect a
novice to forsake her favoured hand completely on only her third day." She cast
a furtive glance in the direction of Taleena's golden-fringed mound of Venus. 
"If you haven't ripped yourself raw, you've done rather well," she added
bashfully.

	There were no lacerations, but that seemed to be a cold comfort to
Taleena when she thought of her sore sex. "How can one endure this for six
weeks?" she asked with chagrin, feeling comfortable unburdening herself to an
apparently sympathetic comrade. "I have only been here for three days and I am
nearly at the end of my tether."

	"The first days are the worst," Breaca reassured her. "They try to
discourage you by piling one torment upon another. But once you've come through
the first half, you've made it! Exertion remains our constant companion, though,
and fatigue is our closest of confidants," she added pensively. But then she
brightened and added, "But do not become disheartened!  The harder they work us,
the stronger we become!"

	It was comforting to hear that the second half of the six-week
initiation period would be less onerous than the first, although it struck her
that the Celt's words of encouragement implied that the next three weeks of
training would be increasingly demanding, if not brutal.  And in her present
condition she didn't see how she could possibly endure such a regimen. 
Fortunately at least some of her comrades seemed to be decent fellows, and she
was pleased that her endurance had apparently proved helpful in establishing
herself among them.

	"The word is out that Byrria has it in for you," Breaca said,
reiterating the Nubian's comment of the prior evening.  "Take care of yourself!"

	"Oh, I can handle her," Taleena retorted in a burst of bravado, as if
trying to reassure herself.  But her unease returned when she saw Breaca's
doubtful look.

	As if intent upon proving a point, the fair-skinned Celt suddenly stood
up in the waist-deep basin, so that the surface of the bathwater lapped gently
at the coppery wisps of pubic hair. Taleena did not mean to stare, but it was
hard not to look at, and admire, Breaca's dripping nude torso, now free of the
leathern armour which had hidden her charms during their combat.

	Breaca's creamy-white complexion gave ample testimony to her northern
origin, but the milkiness of her lightly freckled skin could not disguise the
well-toned physique which gave her nudity a healthy yet sensuous glow.  Her
torso tapered to a slim waist before swelling into womanly hips, and every part
of her upper body appeared lean and hard, notwithstanding the resilient softness
of her perfectly round, water-glistening breasts - beautifully self-buttressed
by strong pectoral muscles, their gravity-defying fullness capped by a pair of
large, rosy nipples. But the most conspicuous features were the prominent
streaks of puckered scar-tissue that showed on the Celt's freckled skin. The
scars covered her flanks and extended part-way across her ribcage, and the
disturbing sight became downright appalling when Breaca slowly made a full turn,
displaying her slender back, which was criss-crossed with a lattice of scars
from her beautifully- shaped shoulder-blades to the tops of her ripe-rounded
buttocks.

	"Yes, this is Byrria's artistry," Breaca said in a caustic voice. Seeing
how the golden-haired Gaul had gasped in horror at this evidence of the
Thracian's vindictiveness, the Celt continued, "But do not be too alarmed. You
won't be given such a flogging for merely failing a training unit.  This was my
punishment for daring to confront her last winter."

	When she saw the questioning look in Taleena's azure eyes, she
explained.  "You see, that accursed Thracian had sentenced my ailing sister to
stand outside in the courtyard in the wintry air, stripped to the skin, because
she had attended the morning lessons in her tunic instead of our skimpy training
attire. When I tried to take Byrria to task for her cruelty and became violent,
she ordered me to be crucified, but Flavius intervened, reducing the sentence to
fifty lashes."

	Breaca drew a deep breath, trying to maintain her composure.  "Only
fifty," she laughed with bitter irony.  "Byrria ordered me to undress in front
of the entire company, and as a reminder that I had been spared crucifixion I
was made to carry one of the heavy cross-pieces on my shoulders." The green-eyed
Celt paused for a moment as if the memory of her cruel Calvary had purged every
thought from her mind. "Byrria marched me around the perimeter of the compound
twice, flogging me with that accursed braided whip of hers every step of the
way," she continued with a strained voice while tears of sadness welled up in
her sparkling eyes. Breaca was no longer the confident gladiatrix who had
thrashed Taleena in the ring; she was, for the moment, the suffering young
beauty whom Byrria had thrashed within an inch of her life.  "Three times I fell
beneath the weight of the crossbar, and three times that Thracian serpent
whipped me until I crawled back to my feet."

	The ginger-haired girl sank back down in the basin, sliding entirely
below the surface of the soothing waters for a long moment, as if to wash away
the dreadful memory.   After some ten seconds, her head and shoulders emerged
from the water again, and when her slender fingers had wiped the wet strands of
hair from her face, her emerald eyes reflected once again the confidence of the
bold-spirited Celtic warrioress.

	"So do not be so certain," concluded Breaca, "that you can 'handle'
Byrria.  She is as vengeful as a goddess scorned."

	Breaca's sarcastic conclusion was intended to ease the awkward
atmosphere, but its ominous overtones prevented it from doing so.  The two women
continue to sponge their nude bodies rather listlessly for another few moments,
but Breaca's narrative had swept away whatever feeling of relief that Taleena
had experienced earlier, leaving her once again in a state of agitation over
what the morrow might bring.

*  *  *

	Back in her cell, Taleena had just crept under the blanket of her bed,
still troubled by the story Breaca had told her in the bathhouse, when she heard
the flute begin its plaintive play. The tune was different from the one of the
prior evening, but equally nostalgic, and again the nocturnal music took her
troubled mind off her sorrows.  Taleena drank in the soul-soothing sounds, and
in a short time she was soundly asleep, freed from any disturbing thoughts for
the following hours...


VIII.

	The fourth day of training began shortly after dawn with an obstacle
race.  Even though a light morning fog had blown in off the sea, Taleena could
once again see fresh evidence of the trainers' wealth of invention. What she saw
made her think of yesterday's race as an easy walkover, and the prospect of
being chased around this parcours tightened her stomach. But not only did the
obstacles fill her with awe - with every stride she felt her loin-cloth chafing
against her sore crotch. That discomfort, together with her bruised knees, would
aggravate the running no end.

	Some ten square, lattice-like obstacles were positioned around the
track, each of them comprised of six horizontal and six vertical bars, roughly
the thickness of a man's arm, which had been lashed firmly together at the
crossing points.

	 Some of the lattices were aligned parallel to the ground, propped up to
knee-height by large stones positioned at their corners; others had been set
upright, buttressed by massive supporting beams that had been driven into the
ground; a third type were configured so that the were tilted across the track at
an oblique angle to the ground, forming treacherously precarious ramps of wood
and cord. 

	The recruits were not matched against each other as they had been on
earlier days.  Rather, they began the course in a staggered start, one at a
time, according to Calixtus' signal. The bald lanista had not announced a
target, so each competitor set foot on the track without knowing the duration of
the 'race'.

	Taleena was the fourth recruit to start down the track and she began
rather tentatively, but even at the modest pace she set for herself, she was
reminded of the soreness between her legs with every stride. The first obstacle
had been laid flat across the track and she slowed as she approached it. She
stepped carefully onto the nearer edge, noting that the morning mist had made it
somewhat slippery, and then, balancing herself skilfully on the narrow bars, she
manoeuvred across them without incident.

	As the long-legged Gaul continued down the track with her blonde hair
trailing in the breeze, she noticed that some of the men who had proceeded her
onto the track had had some difficulty maintaining their footing on the lattice;
had it not been for the bruises of the prior day, particularly to her aching
knees, this 'event' would have been a sporting discipline much to her taste,
depending, as it did, on balance and agility rather than size and strength.

	Taleena soon found herself confronted by one of the vertical obstacles,
which stood upright like a broad ladder, blocking the entire width of the track.
She saw quickly that each runner would need to scale the front side, ease his
body over the top, and then climb down the back.  The blue-eyed Avernian
negotiated the first of the vertical lattices fairly well, managing to ignore
the throbbing pain in her knees.  The fierce tingling in her groin flared up
briefly but painfully when she threw a well-toned thigh across the top of the
wooden barrier, before beginning the tricky descent.
	
	Slowed a bit by her injuries, Taleena continued doggedly around the oval
until she came to the first of the inclined obstacles. Climbing the
fog-moistened lattice was not particularly difficult, but its farther end was
higher than Arminius was tall, and when she reached the top of the incline
Taleena quickly saw the risk involved in jumping.  The force of the fall could
easily cause an ankle to turn or even break; but, having no alternative, and
knowing that her every move was being watched,  she gritted her teeth and leapt
forward into space.

	As soon as her feet hit the ground she realized that her ankles were not
the worst of her problems - the force of the fall gave her swollen knees a
terrible jolt.  She cried out in anguish as she slumped to the ground,
momentarily immobilized by the pain.  She rolled to one side and lay there
motionless, trying desperately to catch her breath, while one trainee after
another fell successfully to the ground alongside her and continued onward to
the next obstacle.

	Even Selia passed her without difficulty, having cleverly drawn a lesson
from Taleena's violent spill.  The slender Spaniard clung to the top edge of the
lattice, and let herself hang down from the highest bar, easily dropping down
the remaining two feet.  Without exception, each of the men that followed her
adopted her technique, leaving Taleena to feel rather foolish.

	When the wrenching pain in her knee finally subsided, Taleena managed to
rise and once she was up and running again, she strove to catch up with the
others. Cursing herself for not having solved the problem of the incline as
Selia and the others had done, she adopted their practice and spared her knees
any more of those bone-jarring jolts.  She gradually moved up on the field, and
even managed to pass the heaviest of the Germans, thus avoiding the indignity of
coming last in the field.

	The two vigilant lanistae kept the recruits running until mid-morning,
by which time the fog had finally lifted.  When the race was finally stopped,
each of the exhausted competitors slumped to the ground where he stood,
regardless of his position on the course. Nevertheless, for the first time it
had been a rather well-balanced competition between the male and female
contestants; what the women lacked in speed and strength, they made up with
dexterity, and even Selia had given a good account of herself against the men.


*  *  *

	When the now brightly-shining sun reached its zenith, the lunch break
rescued Taleena from the exhausting exertions of the circuit-training which had
followed hard upon the completion of the race.  After that restorative
interlude, the recruits assembled for another session of swordplay training

	In a businesslike fashion, Calixtus showed the recruits how to crouch in
a proper warrior's stance and how to move on their feet. "Watch my movements" he
said, giving a smooth performance of the most basic motions. Taleena was
surprised by the stocky lanista's agility as he proceeded to run through a
series of attacking and defensive positions.

	As he did so Calixtus kept up a running commentary.  "Try not to dwell
too much on the details - the stance, the angle of the wrist, the
follow-through.  The important thing is coordination and fluidity.  Think of
each part of your body as a soldier in a century - each has a job to do, and all
must work in harmony."

	The former centurion, no longer in the best fighting trim, was soon
puffing and perspiring from his exertions, but his experience and expertise was
evident in his every feint and thrust and parry and the recruits hung on his
words. "Don't forget," he continued, as he gave the well-muscled German recruits
a meaningful glance. "Many gladiators with the strength to inflict blows that
could have fallen an ox have choked on their own blood in the arena, because
they lacked the footwork to deliver them; countless others have crossed the Styx
because their prowess in attack far exceeded their skill in defence.  Now, show
use what you have learned!"

	At this juncture Byrria took the women aside and repeated Calixtus'
lessons in mirror-image, so that Taleena and Selia could see how left-handed
fighters might best adopt these tactics.  Then she made them repeat her own
performance.  Taleena was grateful that the Thracian had spared them the painful
pinioning of their right arms, the uncomfortable spreader bars, and the agony of
fighting on their knees. Even so, she had to admit that the prior days'
exercises on their knees - as painful as they might have been - turned out to be
quite useful, for that training routine had taught them how to use their upper
bodies in defence.  Now that the two women were on their feet, their upper-body
agility seemed to have increased three-fold, and they were much more aware of
the various possibilities for both attack and defence.

	After watching her charges drill for a while, Byrria armed herself with
a wooden sword and proceeded to demonstrate how to integrate attacks and parries
with the proper footwork. "You will never be a match for the men in regard to
strength," she said, and for once there was no reproachful tone in her voice.
"If you wish to live to celebrate the next Solstice, you will need to make the
most of your best weapons - quickness, flexibility, and agility."

       Once she had demonstrated an entire sequence of crouching, lunging,
ducking and dodging in slow motion, Byrria ordered her charges to repeat her
series of motions like shadow-fighters, again and again until they were able to
perform the exercise with sufficient fluency.

	 It was both daunting and strenuous to go through the most basic steps
over and over again, but for the first time Taleena began to see that there was
a purpose to the gladiatorial training beyond that of the punitive. As she
drilled she saw that she needed to work on integrating all of the various
movements of arms and legs and hips until the complicated techniques of attack
and defence were as smooth and as natural as walking or running.  To survive in
the arena she would need to become a swift-moving fighting animal.  That insight
prompted her to practice the shadow-fencing with renewed interest and energy
until it was time for the water break.

	Taleena gave young Larius a gentle smile when he came by with the water,
in an attempt to make him understand that she did not hold him responsible for
the pain he had caused her earlier.  The boy seemed greatly relieved to see her
clothed, if only in the skimpy strophium and loincloth, and he returned the
smile shyly while she and Selia drank their fill.  When he continued on to the
contingent of Rhinelanders, the two women picked up where they had left off,
duelling their own shadows under the warm afternoon sun.  After carefully
watching to see whether they had mastered the sequence of motions she had been
trying to teach them, Byrria directed the sweat-sheened apprentices to square
off against each other once again.  "Now, show me what you have learned," she
ordered.

	Taleena quickly gave a good account of herself, but her slender
opponent, after a fair beginning, soon became as clumsy as a puppet as Taleena
pressed her.  More than once Selia lost her footing in the face of her taller
and stronger opponent's spirited onslaught.

	In spite of the poor performance by the Spanish girl, the dark-eyed
Thracian was, for once, uncharacteristically sparing in her use of the crop. 
When Selia slipped and fell for the third time, Byrria took the opportunity to
give them another lesson.

	"For you," she addressed the resigned Spaniard with biting sarcasm, "the
most important exercise will be how to get back on your feet!" The Thracian let
herself roll backwards until she lay flat on the ground, then, giving the first
impressive example of her skills, sprang swiftly back to her feet without using
her arms.

	"Try to copy this," she challenged, "It's all a matter of the right
coordination!" She went back on the ground and repeated the stunning performance
more slowly to let the novices follow the motions. "Draw up your legs, then
thrust them forward and let the momentum help your stomach muscles to sit and
straighten up." She followed her own instructions and leapt to her feet again.

	"Go ahead!" she snapped in the same breath as if her performance hadn't
cost her the least effort.

	Both of the girls reclined on the ground and tried to follow Byrria's
instructions, but it took them a great deal of practice before they were able to
replicate the tricky exercise.  But once they had performed it well, the
Thracian called it a day.

	As she headed toward the baths, exhausted from another long day of
training, Taleena felt quite satisfied with her performance. Her body was still
aching from the torment at the pit and the rigours of the run, but for once she
had come through a day without having tasted the bitter fruit of Byrria's
vindictiveness.


*  *  *

	The fifth day took a similar course to the fourth, although the recruits
were spared another obstacle race - if two hours running at a stretch could be
considered being spared. Apart from that, the day's work was filled with the
usual gymnastics, stamina training and fighting practice.

	Then, at the end of this day - since the training had started on the
second day of the week - the assessment of the first training unit was due. The
recruits were directed to line up in front of the staff building, facing the
cross, insecure and uneasy about which of them might have to go to the post
right after the calling of the roll.   

	The veteran fighters watched them from the lunching area where they had
taken their seats on the benches, each relieved that his own initiation was long
since behind him, but curious as to which of the newcomers would be singled out
for discipline.

	Calixtus and Byrria carried small wax tablets on which they had made
notes of the recruits' daily achievements and failures, and four armed guards
were standing in the background, ready to deal with anyone who dared to resist
the imposition of the decreed punishments.

	Calixtus began with the men, but only called upon one of the Numidians
to step out of the line. Having been preoccupied with her own performance all
week, Taleena had taken little note of the Numidian's failures; but it seemed
unlikely that his errors had occurred in one of the races, since both of the
Africans could run like a gazelle.

	However the lanky African did not protest when he was led to the cross
and tied with his arms stretched straight up over his head, rather than spread
to the outer ends of the crosspiece.  Calixtus' face was impassive as he took a
coiled whip from the hook at the rear of the post, and planted himself left
behind the cross and unfurled the whip - a supple, tightly braided leather thong
of about six feet in length, tapering to a thin tip, and well greased to insure
maximum suppleness.   Used with full force, this dreadful instrument was capable
of tearing a victim's flesh to ribbons; and even at half strength it would leave
welts that would last for days.

	Even in the short time she had spent at the Flavian arena, Taleena had
learned that the guards treated the veteran fighters with a mixture of fear and
respect which they did not evince for the recruits - except for Arminius, whose
very appearance was rather intimidating.  Most of the guards seemed to regard
the punishments - of the males at least - as rather sordid affairs, during the
course of which it was best to play no active role. One could never know if
today's deplorable delinquent was going to repay one for one's henchman's
services once there might be an opportunity...

	But Rutilius had no such inhibitions. Taleena watched with ill-concealed
contempt as the cowardly jackal eagerly volunteered his sycophantic services
when it came time to lash the Numidian to the post.  The skinny youth seemed to
strut with self-importance as he prepared the miscreant, although it was not up
to him to administer the flogging himself.

	It was a special mental cruelty for the two girls to watch all this not
knowing if one - or both - of them should follow the Numidian. As Rutilius
finished binding the Numidian to the post, Taleena noticed that Selia was
trembling with fear, clearly sensing that her back, too, might soon be bared for
the lash. Though she felt that she had performed well, Taleena was also on edge. 
She had been warned twice of Byrria's capacity for capricious cruelty - was
today the day when the Fates would align themselves against her?

	The place was deadly silent, and the assembled recruits watched in awe
as Calixtus briefly measured the distance to the post, then swung back and
delivered the first lash. A sharp crack rent the air as the supple leather
struck the Numidian's bare back, making the onlookers flinch almost as much as
the beaten man who responded with a strangled groan.

	Calixtus dealt briskly with him, delivering the lashes in a vigorous but
not unduly harsh manner.  None of them cut the skin, except for one occasion on
which one lash was laid diagonally across an earlier one, drawing a thin stream
of blood from the intersection of the two welts.  Nevertheless, the whipping
left the Numidian's back a mass of ridged and bruised flesh by the time the
punishment was completed.  But Taleena noted that while his groans had grown
steadily more intense, the African had shown commendable fortitude by not
screaming.  As the Numidian was released from his bonds, she wondered if she
could have done as well, had she been the one suffering under the lash.

	Now that the men's punishments had been meted out, it was Byrria's turn.
She took the whip from Calixtus who had rolled it up properly, and with her
customary flair for the dramatic she planted herself squarely between the two
young women.

	"Each of you shall go to the post!" she barked at them, all the while
glaring hotly at Taleena, making it clear that the statuesque blonde was the
primary target of her wrath. "Did you imagine that either of you would escape
the cross after presenting such a poor show this week?"

	The Spaniard's sentence came as a surprise to no one; even Selia herself
must surely have anticipated it, and though she trembled noticeably, she was too
resigned to protest.

	But Byrria's peremptory inclusion of the Gaul in her verdict brought an
astonished gasp from the assembled recruits. Even though some malcontents among
the men had been envious and resentful about Taleena's impressive performance so
far - she had eclipsed a number of them, after all, and might one day prove
difficult to defeat - there was no question but that the athletic blonde did not
deserve to face the same fate as the slender Spaniard.

	 As the murmur from the assembled recruits grew louder, Calixtus held up
his hand and stepped forth.  "You can't punish her merely for failing the men's
quota!" he stated categorically on Taleena's behalf. "And according to my
records she has fulfilled all of her other daily tasks."

	It was nearly unheard of for one lanista to interfere with the
disciplinary measures of another, but Calixtus was the chief-instructor, so his
word carried more weight than the Thracian's. Byrria shot him a deadly glance,
but refrained from disputing with him, and grudgingly complied with his
decision.

	Taleena was glad that at least Calixtus had judged her by fair
standards, but was faintly surprised that he had sided with her openly.  Despite
her relief, though, she sensed that Calixtus' partisanship had only increased
the Thracian's hostility to her, but for the moment she hoped that Byrria
wouldn't take her wrath out on the poor Spaniard.

	"Well, that leaves only you, then, doesn't it?" Byrria snarled angrily
at the Baetican girl.  Selia returned her stare with the same air of fearful
resignation that she had shown in the pit on the second day.  She knew better
than anyone that she had performed less well than the others, but she knew that
it was appallingly unfair for one of her small stature to have to contend with
the same rigours of training as the men.  And not just any men - men who had
been hand-picked for such a difficult and dangerous career.

	At a nod from Byrria, Rutilius stepped forward again and seized Selia
roughly by the arm.  The slender Baetican beauty stretched a pale hand out to
Taleena and gave her a last imploring glance, a pathetic plea for help which
Taleena could hardly bear to meet.  Grinning broadly, Rutilius pulled Selia away
and pushed her in the direction of the cross.  There he and a comrade slipped
the nooses that had held the Numidian's arms around the Spanish girl's slender
wrists, and hoisted her sylphlike body up until she stood on her tiptoes.

	Taleena's hands clenched into frustrated fists when she saw the
despicable youth assume a position alongside the cross whence he could watch
this helpless girl, who was only slightly older than he, writhe under the lash.  
Taleena's anger increased even more as his moist tongue licked his dry lips in
eager anticipation as Byrria undid the ribbon that held Selia's flimsy strophium
in place.  The breast-cloth fluttered softly to the ground, where it was stirred
by the soft breeze that swept the courtyard. The piece of fabric trembled gently
in the wind, looking as frail and helpless as the girl who had worn it.

	Without that skimpy garment, the smooth and slender planes of Selia's
back were bared to the onlookers - and to the whip. The crop had left its lurid
mark in a number of places on the Baetican's light skin in recent days, but the
crop was a mere plaything compared to the whip which had torn the Numidian's
ebony skin to shreds.

	Selia looked over her shoulder in panic, heedless of the fact that her
sudden movement revealed a quivering, dark-tipped breast to the virile
spectators, while the black-eyed Thracian Tigress slowly uncoiled the dark and
dreadful whip. "Please ... please. I will try harder ...  I will do better..."
	
	But the terrified young woman's pleadings were silenced by the sharp
crack of the lash across her bare flesh.  Taleena winced at the horrific sound,
and, while she expected the girl to cry out from the pain, she was taken aback
by the volume of the ear-piercing scream which rent the air. No sooner had the
first scream subsided then the second lash of the whip drew another tortured
wail from the poor wretch.

	It came as no surprise to Taleena that the opportunistic Rutilius had
chosen a perfect vantage point from which to watch the barbaric flogging.  The
young voyeur with the feverish eyes stood at a right angle to Selia, and no more
than two strides away.  He had cleverly positioned himself so that he would be
able to take in both the fall of the fiery lash across the back of the girl he
had bound to the post, and the sensuous dance of her dark-tipped breasts that
was sure to follow in its wake. For a moment, Taleena shivered with trepidation
at the thought what narrow escape she had made from a similar fate - without
Calixtus' intervention, she would hang in Selia's place now, her breasts bared
for the leering pleasure of Rutilius' eyes, her back awaiting the stinging fury
of Byrria's whip...

	As the lashes mounted, and Selia's cries grew more prolonged, more
despairing, Taleena sensed with dismay that the atmosphere in the quadrangle had
changed.  After Calixtus had delivered the first few lashes to the African, the
men had watched his flogging with an almost stoic disinterest, as if it were a
matter of little concern.   But now that there was a half-naked young girl
writhing frantically under the lash, there was an air of suppressed excitement
in the compound. Most of the eyes that had turned nervously away from the
Numidian's flogging to look at the sky, or to stray across the arena, were fixed
intently on the slender, shapely body that dangled from the sinister whipping
post.

	Taleena recognized another sad reality as well - that the onlooking
fighters were passing an unfavourable judgment on Selia's unrestrained
expression of suffering.  She felt deeply sorry for the girl who would not only
have to cope with her torment, but also with the contempt of her comrades ...

	"No more ... please ... have mercy!" Selia begged, after the sixth lash,
her voice half-strangled by choking sobs.

	But the Thracian Tigress was relentless, wielding the whip with a grace
born of years of practice, and even though she never used her full strength,
Selia screeched out her lungs after every stroke. After the eighth lash, her
strained vocal cords were only capable of a hoarse, high-pitched whimper.

	When the pathetic mewing sound finally died away, Byrria shook her head
with disdain, as if personally offended by Selia's undisciplined display. 
"Well, since the lashes across your back bother you so much," she muttered
disparagingly, "we shall choose a fresh target.  Rutilius! Undo her belt!"

	Rutilius sprang forward, trying to conceal his rampant erection while
his eager, shaking fingers fumbled with the belt of Selia's loin-cloth.  After a
moment or two the awkward young guard undid the clasp and jerked the skimpy
white garment away, baring the pale half-moons of Selia's tight bottom to the
eyes of the excited onlookers.

	The dark-eyed Thracian's ninth and tenth lashes scalded the delicious
curves of Selia's bottom, leaving livid marks across both firm-fleshed buttocks
as the naked girl danced on her toes in a futile attempt to escape the stinging
kiss of the whip.  The eleventh lash wrapped around her upper back, drawing yet
another high-pitched scream from her throat, and with the last lash, a cruel
blow that curled around the tops of her hips, Selia fainted and sagged limply
into her bonds.

	The poor Baetican's back was a mass of abrasions and looked almost raw
to the spectators, because the bluish welts from the crop had been obliterated
by the twelve lashes which had fallen so harshly on top of them, rupturing the
skin in several places.

	The cruel flagellation complete, the poor wretch was released from her
bonds, and carried away to the infirmary.  Calixtus dismissed the assembly,
allowing the awe-struck recruits to begin their well-deserved holiday. The
whipped Numidian headed for the infirmary, too, to have his back treated by the
unctores, whereas the rest of the recruits walked away to their cells or to the
bath house.

       As she strode slowly toward her cell, Taleena could not purge from her
memory the dreadful sound of Byrria's lash falling on Selia's soft flesh or her
comrade's abject pleas for mercy.  To add to her misery she overheard one of the
male recruits, a stocky, black-bearded German, muttering excitedly to his
countrymen how the pretty young body of the Spanish girl had wriggled
suggestively under the lash.
      
       Shuddering in revulsion at his callousness, the golden-haired Avernian
reflected on the savage punishment that Byrria had inflicted on an innocent girl
to whom she bore no particular ill will.   How, she wondered frantically,
knowing the enmity the vindictive Thracian Tigress clearly held for her, could
she possibly manage to escape the grim prospect the Fates seemed to have
ordained for her - her own encounter with the lash.   The cracking whip, she
knew, would surely bring her cruel accompanists - agony and humiliation - to
that dire confrontation. A confrontation which seemed destined to take place in
the shadow of that sinister cross which dominated the quadrangle of the Ludus
Flavianus ...    




IX.

	When Taleena arrived at her cell, her meal was already waiting for her,
having been placed on the table by some unknown servant.  For once, she thought,
she could enjoy her simple but healthful repast without the cloud of the
morrow's brutal drill hovering over like the sword of Damocles. As at the end of
every day of training, her body was wracked by fatigue, but she consoled herself
with the thought that she had completed the first week in good fashion.  True,
her body sported many bruises, some fresh, some quite faded, but she strove not
to let her soreness spoil her satisfaction at having passed the first training
unit.

	She took her time eating, savouring every bite of her meal which
consisted of a generous portion of cold meat, brown bread and olives, served
along with a jug of posca. After a short visit to the bathhouse, she returned to
her cell and undressed.  As she pulled her well-worn blanket snugly around her
nude body, she once again heard the notes of the now-familiar ghostly flute
wafting across the darkness. She hummed along softly for a moment or two until
drowsiness overtook her.

         She dreamt that night of stolen moments, soft kisses and sweet embraces
with her lover, Stertius, in the meadows and vineyards of her homeland.  She
slept smilingly that night, and better than she had on any previous night at the
Ludus Flavianus, knowing that she would not be woken before dawn, to be prodded
around by a trainer intent on drilling her to the verge of collapse.

*   *  *

	Taleena rose early the next day, as was her custom, noting that most of
the others had taken the opportunity of sleeping later than usual.  "Carpe
diem," she said to herself, "seize the day", and she proceeded to do so by
treating her pain-wracked body to the soothing comfort of another bath.  She
quickly donned her brief training costume and set off toward the bath house.

	The yard lay quiet, kissed by the first rays of the rising sun.  No
guards, no attendants, were on hand to spoil the goddess Aurora's morning gift
to the weary. The air was still damp and cool from the morning dew, and the
cheerful chirping of some warblers seemed to enhance, not disturb, the
peacefulness of the early hour.

	Moving around the compound without the ankle-weights made Taleena feel
like she was walking on feathers and even this slight pleasure, one of the few
she had known in weeks, caused her heart to rejoice.  She shed her clothes in
the changing room and headed straight for the tepidarium, so as to enjoy the
pool for once in blissful solitude.

	She descended the steps of the pool until she stood on its bottom, and
the tenseness of her body seemed to vanish in the weightless ease of the waters.
She moved her arms to make wide, rippling circles in the pool, almost playfully
splashing about since there was no one there to reprimand her.  She swam a few
lengths of the pool, and then, tiring a bit, she lay down in the water on a
ledge that jutted out from the side of the pool.

	With her arms resting on the rim of the basin, her upper body was barely
covered by the shallow water, and only the tips of her breasts poked slightly
through the still surface of the water.  Notwithstanding all she had been
through, her body had stood up well under the rigours of the past few days, she
mused as she arched her back, thus thrusting her breasts a little more out of
the water, studying the way the droplets clung to their crinkling aureoles.

	Dreaming of her lost lover the night before had rekindled in Taleena a
long-latent sensuality which had been smothered in recent weeks by the
succession of ordeals she had undergone. As she closed her eyes, the rhythmic
lapping of the waves helped her mind drift away into an idle reverie.  Almost
involuntarily her right arm slipped from the edge of the basin and her slender
hand slid downward across the golden skin of her sun-kissed belly. Remembering
the delicious contrast between the tender softness of Stertius' touch as well as
his virile strength, Taleena let her fingers brush gently through the downy
fleece of pubic hair, back and forth, stroking the tender folds of her
womanhood. Even though the insides of her labia were still tingling from the
cruel embrace of the Scythian torture strap, her stimulating touches soon
brought her body to a state of sweet arousal - a feeling which, during her long
days chained to the galley bench, she had feared she might never experience
again.

	But the atmosphere of athletic physicality in the arena, the long days
surrounded by muscular, well-oiled bodies, and the omnipresent and taxing
corporal strain of the training sessions seemed to have unleashed a raging
carnal desire within her, as if the feminine essence of her nature sought
sensual compensation for all the rigours to which it had been subjected.

	As Taleena's right hand teased the soft petals of her womanhood, her
left dipped below the surface of the water to cup the underside of her left
breast. She sighed with pleasure as her fingers slithered around the
water-immersed mound in sensuous circles, moving ever closer to her yearning
nipple but never quite touching it.  Taleena slipped lower into the soothing
warmth of the water for a moment as her lips formed a trembling O.  Then she
arched her back gracefully once again, causing her glistening globes to surge
out of the bath, wet and gleaming and aching with longing. 

	Her passion rising, Taleena murmured with dreamy pleasure as she
continued to stroke the rounded contours of her breast until the pink, puckering
crest at its center was clamouring silently for her attention. "Mmmmm," Taleena
gasped with delight as a teasing fingernail drew an ever-narrowing spiral around
the base of the swelling peak, before finally capturing it lightly between two
fingertips.  She closed her fingers gently on the blossoming bud and tweaked the
sensitive nubbin until its neglected twin was aquiver with frustration, at which
time she rewarded her other breast for its patience by caressing it with equal
fervour,  until both of her moist, coral nipples were bursting with desire.
	
	Her gentle touches soon tempted her into more urgent caresses, and she
began to tease her clitoris with her finger, prodding the prominent, pulsating
button of nerves into an ardent erection. She moaned softly when she drew up her
knees and parted her thighs to slip one finger deeper inside herself, filling
her being with pleasure. A tremor began, rolling through her flesh, starting
high in her loins, spreading out in all directions, so sweetly painful that it
began to overwhelm her.  Wave after wave of undulating spasms washed over her,
and her throat arched back while her mouth emitted a series of deep, guttural
groans until the final ripples of her shuddering orgasm subsided.

	Taleena basked in the beguiling haze of arousal for a while, fulfilled
with pleasure and yet ashamed at the same time. The overpowering sensations she
had experienced troubled her since she had never thought that she could derive
such pleasure in this fashion, and she had been so oblivious of her situation
that her unbidden desire had overcome the need for caution. What if someone had
witnessed her shameless ecstasy?

	Her heart missed a beat when she thought that she heard voices in the
changing room, and she listened closely to assure herself that it hadn't been a
mere illusion.  No one had been there when she had abandoned herself to her
joyous journey - or had they? She tried to control her breathing, remembering
the tomb-like silence of the bath house when she had entered it, and she
wondered how she could have missed those warning sounds. Her face reddened with
a sudden blush as she remembered how strongly she had climaxed in the pool, and
she decided to leave the place as quickly as she could.

	She had barely stepped from the pool - like Aphrodite emerging from the
waters - when a group of three elder fighters entered the tepidarium, two men
flanking the tall Nubian who had warned her of Byrria at her first day in the
arena.

	On the black woman's right stood a grim Phoenician, a tall man whose
well-muscled body bespoke the menace of which he was capable, while his aquiline
nose, thin eyebrows and pointed beard gave his face a sinister cast. Taleena had
heard others addressing him as Hamilkar - or his epithet, Barkas.  She had come
to the conclusion that 'Barkas' must mean something like 'flash' in his native
tongue, because the epithet was used primarily on occasions when his comrades
were referring to the remarkable velocity with which he could wield his
Carthaginian scimitars.

	The man who completed the trio seemed to be of Levantine origin -
smaller in size than the Phoenician, but muscular nonetheless - and Taleena
remembered having seen him fighting with a long pole during the training hours.
A long scar extended from just below his left ear to the corner of a mouth, a
scar that had curled into an eager smile at the sight of her water-dripping
nudity. 

	Taleena was still glistening with water, and when she saw the men cast
an appraising look over her nude body, she felt ashamed, rather by the thought
that they might have seen her writhing in the pool than by her nakedness as
such. The cool water seemed to have drawn her already firm flesh to an even more
astonishing tautness, giving the flawless parchment of her skin a delicious
pucker, and she was well aware that her nipples were still treasonably stiffened
due to her recent sexual odyssey. But she quickly overcame the reflexive urge to
cover her modesty, for any such attempt would only have called attention to her
shame.

	"That was fortunate yesterday," the Nubian addressed her, not nearly as
impressed by the sight of her nudity as her gaping comrades.  "It seemed certain
that your back, too, would feel the sting of the lash."  Then, with a hint of
gloating in her voice, she added, "I warned you that Byrria would try to take
you to task!"

	"And I told you that I can handle her," Taleena retorted brusquely. "Why
don't you mind your own business?"  She glared angrily at them, but her fit of
temper was in part at attempt to conceal her embarrassment at their sudden
intrusion, and to distract their attention from the blush she still felt on her
cheeks.

	"You heard that, Tyra? - Our little novice thinks she can handle
Byrria," Hamilkar scoffed, while his ill-featured companion snorted a raucous
assent while his dark, greedy eyes leisurely lingered on the streamlets of water
running down Taleena's bold-thrusting breasts.

	"Aye, Barkas!" the pole-fighter agreed, as he continued to let his eyes
wander freely over the ripe curves of Taleena's body. He scratched lazily at the
ridge of his scar as a dark grin stole across his ugly face. "Wouldn't it have
been a sight to see this one writhing under the lash?  If Calixtus hadn't butted
in, I'd wager that this little braggart would have squealed as nicely as the
other one!" 

	Tyra didn't join in the coarse laughter of her two companions but
Taleena could see that the long-legged African was irritated by the way her
well-intentioned remark had been dismissed. Taleena regretted her arrogance the
moment the words had left her mouth. If they been alone, she would have taken
the time to apologize, but she was desperate to shield her nudity from the
oppressive gaze of Tyra's comrades and so she hastily grabbed for her towel and
set off for the massage room

*  *  *

	Upon arriving at the massage room, Taleena found one of the Egyptian
masseurs re-arranging some phials of oil, while he waited for his first customer
of the day. Remembering her first visit there, she kept her towel wrapped around
her jutting breasts, not so much because she felt ashamed of her nakedness any
more, but because she had grown weary of giving the wide-eyed males of the
compound a free look.  She lay prone on the bench, and recalling Tyra's
commanding tone toward the slaves, she tersely instructed the masseur where to
ease the tension in her back.

	The man seemed somewhat daunted by her determined air, particularly
because she had been so docile during her first appearance, and Taleena was very
pleased with this change in his manner.  She had begun to adjust to the
hierarchy of slaves at the fighting school and her successful completion of the
first week of training had helped to reinforce her burgeoning awareness that as
a fighter, she occupied a higher status than those whose duty it was to care for
her valuable body. As a recruit, she might have to cope with the harassing drill
of their instructors or the patronizing tone of the elder fighters - as she had
experienced just a few moments ago - but there was no need to let herself be
intimidated by slaves, however well-established, whose position in the social
strata of the compound was even lower than her own. This time, the brazen
flesh-toner would have to depend upon his memory or his dreams to enjoy any part
of her other than her back!

	Taleena tried to unwind, and forget about her little clash with the
Nubian while the cooling effect of the massage oil asserted itself as the man
rubbed it gently into her flesh. But as a matter of fact, Tyra had been right -
she had been very lucky that her day off had turned out to be so agreeable.
Without Calixtus' interference, she knew, she would most probably still be
suffering from the burning sting of the cruel whip, rather than revelling in a
soothing massage.

	Mewing softly when the masseur's skilled hands loosened up a spot of
knotted fibres, Taleena felt a pang of guilty conscience as the thought of Selia
crossed her mind. The poor girl was doubtlessly cowering in pain on the bed in
her cell, suffering from the aftermath of her whipping, deprived of the chance
of spending her free day in recreative leisure as Taleena had done. But she
forced herself not to dwell on the Spaniard's fate, for it reminded her of how
easily it could become her own. If her stint at the oars had taught her nothing
else, it had taught her the cruel lesson that one's survival sometimes required
one to pay little heed to the suffering of others.



X.

Aside from a short break at midday when she went out for a lunch of fish grilled
with leeks and onions, Taleena spent the rest of the day in her cell. Now and
then she heard cries of jubilation and curses of frustration from the outside
dining area where a handful of fighters rolled the dice across one of the tables
they had just dined on; but most of the recruits spent the day as Taleena did,
recuperating from the week's exertions in their sparse, but private quarters.

	Lying on her bed, occasionally selecting a ripe red grape from a bunch
she had picked up in the dining hall, Taleena tried to remember how long it had
been since she had had some time for herself, to reflect upon her past - and to
wonder about her future.  As she sought the answer to that question, her dismal
days of drudgery on the galley loomed large, so she let her mind drift even
further back, to happier times...

*  *  *

	She had grown up on a small farm in the pastoral outskirts of Ludgunum,
an only daughter with three elder brothers. Julius Caesar had written,
generations earlier, that all Gaul is divided into three parts, and Lugdunum was
the capital of the 'three Gauls' as they were called. Growing up with three
boys, taking part in running, hunting, and all of the other vigorous sports of
childhood, had no doubt done much to strengthen her, both physically and
mentally for the tribulations that lay ahead.

	Her father had been a tenant, as his ancestors had been, for
generations; but those years had been difficult times for farmers because the
demand for Avernian wheat was not it once had been.  Many in that region had
turned their hands to pottery - Lugdunum's ceramic trade was known throughout
the Roman world - while agriculture drifted into a steady decline.

	To compound the economic woes of her family, her mother had died not
long after Taleena had been born.  By the time Taleena was in her mid-teens, two
of her brothers, despairing of the farm's ability to support them all,  had
joined the Roman legions which had been dispatched far to the east to put down a
rebellion in that part of the world.  Not long after the sons had left, her
father fell ill with a fever of the brain. He had been an invalid for many
months, during which time it had fallen to Taleena and her youngest brother to
till the land as best they could.

	Fortunately their Roman landlord had shown some consideration for their
dire situation.  The landlord was one Lucius Camillus Verus, a Roman senator
with a prosperous estate which straddled the Rhodanus, the river which rose in
the snow-capped mountains in Helvetia to the east and irrigated the fertile
valley around Lugdunum before flowing southward into the sea near the great port
at Massilia.  Verus agreed to alter their tenancy, granting her father more
favourable terms, under the condition that the old man buy all of his seeds and
equipment from him.  The offer was more than reasonable, but her father had been
unable to raise enough money to keep his side of the bargain.

	Fearful of losing his land, and his sons' patrimony altogether, her
father with a heavy heart proposed that Camillus Verus, whom he knew to be a
respectable man, should take his young daughter as a household slave in exchange
for a sum that would preserve his tenancy of the farm and save the family from
ruin.

	Camillus sympathized with the unlucky farmer and agreed to pay a
generous price for Taleena and promised to treat her well. Camillus Verus was a
Roman descended from sturdy republican stock, with an imperturbable faith in the
virtues and values which had long since made Rome master of the world - honour,
duty, family, country. Camillus had a strong sense of family, and was, as his
own father had been, a firm believer in education.  He and his wife, Livia
Hortensia, had fathered two sons; the elder, Cornificius, was a military tribune
in the Second Legion which was stationed in Britannia.  The younger, Aulus, was
still a boy of eleven, and Camillus had hired a Greek tutor, one Eudocles, to
provide his young son with the education and culture that a future aspirant to
the Roman senate would need.

	For Taleena, her father's transaction had meant the formal loss of her
freedom, but save for her relocation to the villa of the Camilli, her life
remained largely as it had been before her father had taken ill. Her days
consisted of working in the kitchen, preparing meals, washing platters and the
like, and bargaining with merchants at the local market.  She was grateful that
her new duties spared her from the long hours in the fields that her father's
poor health had made necessary, and she was free to visit her father and brother
whenever her duties permitted it.

	Taleena tried to spend as much time as she could in the company of
Eudocles, the tutor of young Aulus. Late in the evenings, when Eudocles' eyes
grew weary from studying the many scrolls in Camillus' voluminous library,
Taleena would often suggest that he join her in the kitchen. The well-travelled
old man, a native of the Aegean island of Chios, had been quick to see the spark
of intelligence and curiosity in her bright blue eyes, and had been happy to
share the company of the friendly and attractive young girl.

	While Taleena kneaded loaves of dough or cleaned vegetables, Eudocles
would sip from a beaker of vintage Falernian wine and tell her fascinating tales
of his travels. To Taleena's wonder, he seemed to know the realms that encircled
the sea that was 'in the middle of the lands' - the Mediterranean - as well as
he knew the library of Camillus Verus.  He spoke of the peoples of Persia and
Asia Minor and North Africa, of the land of the Dacians on the Pontic Sea, and
of far-off Lusitania, which extended west and north of the Pillars of Hercules.
It was from Eudocles that Taleena had learned of the divinities and heroes of
Greece and Rome, from the time of the great siege of Troy down to her own time. 
And she had listened with rapt attention as Eudocles recounted the stories of
Jason, Theseus and Odysseus, as well as those of Aeneas, Romulus and Remus and
the other heroes of Rome.

	But of all his stories, the one that moved her most was the story of
Vercingetorix, the proud leader of her own people, the Avernians, more than a
century ago, who had united the Gauls and handed the immortal Julius Caesar his
first defeat, before being forced to surrender and taken in chains to Rome where
he had languished in the Tullianum, the death cell of the Carcer Mamertinus, for
years, before being executed.  Taleena would reflect on the sad fate of that
bravest of all Avernian warriors many times during the coming months.


*  *  *


	Taleena had been a tall, willowy girl of sixteen, with a pretty face and
a bewitching pair of blue eyes when she first set foot in Verus' household.  But
during the ensuing three years she had blossomed into a voluptuous young woman
whose stunning body teased the eye and stirred the blood of every man at the
Camilli estate - and beyond.

	Among her admirers was the estate manager, Stertius, a freed man a few
years older than herself, who was mature enough to manage the workforce of the
Verus estate, but young enough to have higher aspirations in life. Stertius was
a man of few words, but both Camillus Verus and Eudocles spoke well of him;
Taleena respected his seriousness of purpose and admired his stoic nature, and
she appreciated the small gifts that he offered her to gain her affection.  It
could not be said that she shared the same kind of amorous feelings for him,
that he felt for her, but she felt safe and secure with him, and their
relationship protected her from the unwanted attentions of other men, both
freemen and slaves. She had given herself to him several months before the
catastrophe, and while he had proved himself to be a lover with more energy than
imagination, she had found their occasional hurried couplings to be satisfying.

	Stertius had proposed marriage to her on her twentieth birthday, and her
master, Camillus Verus, had willingly agreed to confer his manu missio upon
Taleena, emancipating her so that she would be free to marry his deserving
estate manager. She and Stertius selected a date, some weeks hence, when
Eudocles was due back from a journey to Rome.  Taleena was naturally delighted
to learn that her servitude was nearly at an end.  Or would have been at an end,
if the Fates had not intervened...

	Within a week of his promise to give Taleena her freedom, Camillus died;
he just passed away during the night while no signs had ever hinted on a weak
heart, leaving behind an almost hysterical widow, and a will which decreed that
the urn containing his ashes should be interred at the family's mausoleum in the
Campania.  But there was nothing in the will about Taleena's manu missio, and
his wife, beset with the many difficulties that afflict a widow, felt no
commitment to honour her late husband's verbal promise.

	Hortensia decided that she would accompany the body of Camillus on its
return to Rome for the funerary obsequies, and to secure herself a comfortable
pension for a life in the capital  she determined that the Avernian estate of
her late husband would have to be sold as quickly as possible.  With the noble
Camillus Verus not yet buried, it was difficult for Stertius to insist too
forcefully that his grief-stricken widow was obligated to honour her husband's
wishes; the best he could do was to secure from her a promise that he might buy
Taleena's freedom.

	Unfortunately the price the widow proposed far exceeded Stertius' means.
While Stertius sought desperately to raise the money to secure Taleena's
freedom, the Fates decreed that none other than Balbinus the trader should
happen to appear on the scene - at the worst possible moment for Taleena,  who
had been but a few days from freedom, marriage, and a comfortable existence.

	Balbinus, an energetic man of commerce, had been an occasional guest at
the domus Camilli during his many mercantile journeys up the river Rhodanus. The
prosperous merchant had a certain oleaginous charm which, coupled with
occasional gifts of antique jewellery, sculpture, and the like that he had
acquired during his travels, had further ingratiated him to Camillus Verus and
his wife.  But ever since he had first laid eyes on their nubile blonde
kitchen-slave some two years earlier, his visits seemed to increase both in
number and duration.

	The hospitable domicile of the Camilli had seen many guests over the
years, but of all of its visitors, Balbinus was the only one who never failed to
make Taleena feel uneasy.  Some eighteen months after she had begun service in
the house of Verus, the well-fed trader managed to talk Verus into granting his
wish that of all his house-hold staff, only young Taleena should wait upon him. 
Balbinus' conduct toward Taleena herself was irreproachable whenever a third
person was in the room, but whenever his host was distracted or called out of
the room for a moment, Taleena felt the merchant's covetous gaze clinging to the
curves of her  youthful body like a wet tunic. 

	On his last visit before Camillus' death, Balbinus had grown bolder than
ever.  After pleading an indisposition and retiring to his room he had sent for
Taleena.  When she came to his room, he asked her to re-fill his basin of water. 
As she crossed the room somewhat apprehensively to retrieve the basin, he had
planted his massive body between her and the doorway.  Sporting a satyr-like
grin, the merchant had proceeded to show the trembling slave-girl a number of
beautiful but scandalously filmy garments that he had picked up on a recent trip
to steamy Cyrenaica.  Rubbing his fleshy hands together salaciously, Balbinus
suggested that she might have whichever ones she liked.  She had only to try
them on, he said, in a voice infused with suppressed excitement, to make sure
that they fit her properly. Taleena had cleverly managed to escape his
attentions by concocting a story about needing to return to the kitchen to check
on bread in the oven, leaving the amorous, frustrated merchant fuming in the
doorway.

						
*  *  *

	When Camillus Verus was stricken, Balbinus was quick to offer his help
to Livia Hortensia, suggesting that one of his commercial clerks would take care
of the sale of the estate, while he would ship the noble Hortensia, along with
the mortal remains of her late husband and the belongings she wanted to take
with her, down the Rhodanus to the port of Massilia, and from there it was only
a few days' sail first eastward and then southward to Ostia, the port of Rome. 
In addition, he told the troubled widow, he himself would pay a steep price he
had suggested for Taleena, and he assured Hortensia that Camillus would have
wanted Taleena to be under the care of someone who was fond of her as he himself
was.

	Hortensia was grateful for this most generous offer, leaving Balbinus
with only Stertius to deal with.  The wily merchant quickly arranged for a
number of husky sailors from the Thetis to waylay the good-hearted
estate-manager and to beat him within an inch of his life, warning him that his
services were no longer required at the Camilli estate and that he had better
leave that part of the province unless he were anxious for a second, and
possibly fatal encounter with the crew of the Thetis. 

	 In fact, after pretending to leave the area, Stertius returned
clandestinely a few days later, hoping to take Taleena with him to his native
Lutetia, but by then his intended wife was already en route from Massilia to
Ostia ...

*   *  *

	The Thetis, a sturdy little galley of no more than forty oars, carrying
Balbinus, the mourning widow Hortensia, and Taleena, embarked for Rome so early
on the following day that the troubled slave-girl had no time to inform her
family of her departure. Not knowing what the sailors had done to Stertius, she
was angry with him, but that anger was nothing compared to the hatred she felt
for Balbinus, the fat, disgusting man who had used his wealth and influence to
destroy her life, ousting her future husband and separating her from her family.

	Balbinus strove to placate his furious new acquisition by showering her
with gifts, trying to dazzle her with the opulent style of living she might
share if only she would submit to her designated role - as his willing hetaira,
or courtesan, a female trophy whose beauty, properly accoutred, would rival that
of any senator of Rome. Being seen accompanied by this stunning young blonde
would surely provoke the envy of his peers!  He offered her fine clothes and
jewellery and allowed her to share the splendid meals he was served in his
cabin, but these overtures did little to allay Taleena's well-concealed
contempt, much less to mollify her wrath. She coyly accepted a few pieces of the
jewellery, not because she cared for it, but because it seemed to delude him
into thinking that he was making progress in subverting her will, and more
importantly because she knew that she would need something of value were she
ever to attempt to escape.  But she steadfastly resisted his every advance,
sensing that the crafty merchant would remain patient during that leg of the
journey, for fear of offending the sensibilities of the patrician widow who
spent much of her time secluded in her cabin.

	The Thetis reached Ostia in the late afternoon of the fifth day.  Not
long after the small galley had moored, an alert Taleena noticed that Balbinus
was occupied making arrangements for Hortensia's inland journey and that the
crew was busy unloading his cargo. Seizing her chance, Taleena fled the vessel,
trying to lose herself among the throngs of sailors, porters, and tradesmen who
crowded the busy quay.

	After putting what she thought was a safe distance between herself and
the Thetis, she came across a man wearing the telltale garb, the deep tan, and
the lined face of a skipper.  After satisfying herself that he did indeed have a
vessel at his disposal, albeit one that barely looked seaworthy compared to the
Thetis, she offered the mariner a pair of golden earrings in return for passage
back to Massilia.  The captain looked her over carefully, admiring the way the
costly fabric of her white tunic clung to the curves of her bosom. He examined
the earrings, and after satisfying himself that they were genuine, pocketed
them, and agreed to sail north in the morning.

	But later that night the captain asked around a waterfront dive to see
if anyone knew anything of a striking young blonde woman who was attired in
beautiful clothing and wore expensive jewellery but spoke in the simple accents
of the Northern provinces.  The innkeeper pointed out an unsavoury-looking pair
of crewmen from the Thetis, who had been prowling the harbour area all evening
in search of a runaway slave-girl.  When the sailors mentioned that their master
would pay ten pieces of gold for the return of the fugitive, the mariner
betrayed her to the sailors in exchange for a share of the reward.

	The crewmen, a small, beetle-browed Cretan and a Cilician with the nose
of a slow-footed boxer, surprised Taleena, who had been hiding in the hold of
the mariner's dilapidated vessel. The two men quickly overpowered her, pinning
her face down on the filthy grain sacks which were strewn around the hull of the
creaky ship. Taleena felt the Cretan's craggy hands, hard and dry from a
lifetime of battling the elements, easing the skirt of her tunic upward.  His
callused fingers slid slowly up her supple thighs, savouring their softness,  
before coming to rest on her hips. Ignoring her thrashing legs, her assailant
grabbed her snug-fitting loin-cloth and with a quick tug pulled it half-way down
over the ripe curves of her buttocks whose paleness seemed to reflect the moon
which lit them.  He was just about to give the undergarment a second tug when
his companion stopped him. "Better not, Vinculus," the Cilician muttered
nervously. "The boss warned us about bringing back damaged goods."

	The sailor's cautious manner of speaking made it plain that he was not
only afraid of the wily merchant, but also that he was deferential to  the
intense little man who clearly was the more senior of the two. But, after
spitting out a vile sailor's curse, the one called Vinculus seemed to
acknowledge his comrade's reminder and relented.

	"A sailor must take his pleasures when and where he finds them, my
friend," Vinculus muttered grimly, as he kneaded the sensuous curves of
Taleena's half-naked bottom.  "Poseidon himself would be well-pleased with this
nymph!" he added with a lascivious chuckle. Then his face darkened.  "But you're
right about Balbinus.  If that fat bastard ever found out ..." and he gave his
companion a suspicious glance.

	"So, I guess you get off easy, blondie. This time," Vinculus sneered in
a menacing voice, as his insistent fingers continued to fondle Taleena's springy
buttocks.  "But by the trident of Poseidon, I wouldn't want to be in her pretty
sandals when we get her back to the ship, Symmachus!" the diminutive Cretan
confided to his comrade, before bending his body forward, ostensibly to whisper
to Taleena but in such a way that his lusty erection was pressed firmly against
the cleft which separated her bottom cheeks.  Vinculus ground his body against
the long-legged blonde's rounded behind for a moment or two before growling in
her ear, "Cause if I know Balbinus, your sandals will be the last thing you'll
need to worry about, little one!"

	Taleena was startled by his use of that sardonic appellation.  Even
lying face down, she could tell that the stunted, ill-tempered man whose body
was pressed against hers, was a head shorter than she.  But she had heard that
there were small men who took special pleasure in dominating taller women; and
this Vinculus seemed to be one of that twisted breed.

	Taleena had assumed from the moment she had first heard it that
'Vinculus', meaning "the Roper",  was not the malicious sailor's real name, but
rather an epithet awarded by his peers,  and she quickly learned that the
sinister sobriquet was well-earned. While the broken-nosed Cilician held her
struggling body down, the Roper jerked her arms painfully tight behind her back
and then tied them so that the tips of her fingers touched the elbow of her
other arm.

	The two crewmen then pulled their bound captive roughly to her feet, and
gave her plump buttocks a final squeeze before pulling up the loincloth.  Then
they paid the perfidious mariner his blood money, and proceeded to drag the
struggling blonde beauty back to the Thetis in the middle of the night.  Indeed,
the Roper and his Cilician sidekick took no further physical liberties with
their master's property, but contented themselves with a litany of lewd jests. 
The Cretan's vulgar expressions of satisfaction with the way his behind-the-back
ropework had forced Taleena's shapely breasts into bold relief against the
clinging tunic were almost as repellent as groping hands would have been.

	When they arrived back at the Thetis, the crewmen untied her and threw
her in a tiny cabin where Taleena spent a sleepless night dreading the
consequences of her abortive flight.  Roman law and custom provided several
possible punishments for a fugitive slave, not all of them bloody, but none of
them pleasant.  And the Roper's remarks about Balbinus' predilections did little
to ease her anxiety.

	After the Thetis had cast off early the following morning, effectively
putting to rest any further thoughts of escape that Taleena might have had, the
wily Cretan sailor returned and unlocked the cabin telling her that she was free
to move about the ship. Taleena mounted the raised poop deck at the stern of the
ship and positioned herself at the rail beside the helmsman's shelter, squinting
eastward into an unseasonably warm morning sun.  The brisk sea breeze which
billowed the greyish sail at the single mast of the ship tossed her long blonde
hair playfully about her shoulders, as she sadly watched the white-washed
buildings, and the verdant foothills of the Italian coastline recede into the
distance, and with it  her hopes for freedom.

   As Taleena pondered her sad plight, she heard the rhythmic thrashing of oars
cutting through the surface of the sea.  She glanced forward to the prow of the
ship, along the twin lines  of galley slaves who faced her as they pulled
stoically at the oars in order to propel Balbinus' proud vessel through the
waters. Again and again forty oars struck the water in unison, and the thrashing
blades churned the water to foam as the men put their backs into it, in the hope
of escaping the sting of the tasker's whip. But the tasker, a tall, muscular
Aethiopian, sat astern beside the pace-drummer, another African whose belly was
as round as that of his drum. The whip hung coiled at the tasker's belt, but his
mere presence seemed to be enough to spurn the slaves to the necessary efforts -
at least for the moment ...

	Taleena shivered slightly and tried to put the thought of the doomed
rowers from her mind, when suddenly she felt a sudden gust of the western wind
seize the hem of her tunic, lifting it high on her shapely thighs.  As her hands
reached down to hold the wind-whipped skirt in place, the too-bright sun forced
her to turn away from the rail, and she suddenly felt the gaze of Balbinus'
cut-throat crewmen washing over her curvaceous body like the waves crashing
against the streamlined bow of the Thetis.  

	"If she doesn't look as good in the sunlight as she did in the
moonlight, I'll row this tub to Alexandria myself, Symmanchus!"

	Taleena spun around quickly to face the speaker, but she had recognized
the rude, rasping voice immediately.
	
	Vinculus clutched a rope in one hand as his dark eyes continued their
unhurried inventory of the statuesqued blonde's face and figure, before leaning
back against the rail of the ship. "We may have to tie a few of the boys to the
mast, to keep them away from this one," the little man grinned crudely, as he
elbowed the young Cilician who seemed to follow him everywhere, like a seagull
follows a fishing boat, .

		"Aye," Symmachus replied, smacking his lips with undisguised
relish as he watched the breeze whip Taleena's skirt around her bare legs. 
"Like his crew did to Odysseus to keep him from chasing after the Sirens."

	 "The poor bastard! They should have tied the women to the mast and let
him have his fun!" the beetle-browed Cretan snorted, untroubled by the look of
revulsion that crossed Taleena's pretty face.
	
	Although repulsed by his lewd remarks, Taleena could not take her eyes
from the sinister little man's gnarled hands as they flew over the length of
ship-rope he carried with the effortless ease of a lyre-player, fashioning one
intricate knot after another, even though his mind seemed to be elsewhere.  It
was just as well that she could not fathom the sailor's thoughts as his dark
eyes navigated a slow course around her youthful body, while his nimble fingers
tightened the knots on his rope. 

	But the nature of his ruminations was not to remain secret for long. 
"They say a woman on board ship is bad luck, Symmanchus," Vinculus growled,
addressing his comrade, but it was his lustful appraisal of the bare-legged
blonde that had turned his black-browed eyes into glowing embers.  "But with
this one, I'd be willing to take my chances!"   The Roper snapped a knot tight
with a quick jerk of his wrists as his eyes narrowed.  "After all, we've got
some unfinished business, don't we, sweetie?"
			
*  *  *

	The Cretan's indecent insinuations were cut short a moment later when
Balbinus summoned the apprehensive young woman to his cabin.  Taleena trembled
in trepidation as she crossed the threshold into his quarters, but to her
astonishment the round-bodied trader welcomed her with a benign smile and took
her gently by the hand and led her toward a broad upholstered ottoman in his
cabin.  After seating her alongside himself, the caftan-clad merchant continued
to hold her hand firmly in his sweaty palm while he offered to pardon her
foolish attempt to flee. Taleena had been surprised and relieved by this
unexpected turn of events and had just begun to relax, when she suddenly felt
his other clammy hand slide under the skirt of her tunic.  It quickly became
only too clear that Balbinus expected her to demonstrate her gratitude for his
leniency. Taleena tried to pull away and forestall him, as she had done before,
with false smiles and falser promises, but he continued to hold her hand in a
damp but firm grip.  With Hortensia now out of the picture, Balbinus was in no
mood for any further demureness or delay.

	Balbinus had anointed his fleshy body with an excess of some musky
perfume in an attempt to please his intended conquest, and the cloying scent was
suffocating as Taleena tried to free herself from his grasp.  The wealthy
trader's moist, stubby fingers explored the silky softness of her upper thighs
even as he pulled her body closer against his own.  The blue-eyed slave-girl
tried without success to push away the intrusive, groping hand, but Balbinus
merely chuckled lecherously and pulled her roughly across his lap, twisting her
captive hand into a painful hammerlock and holding her squirming body down with
one well-fleshed arm, while his other hand slid the tunic up to her hips so that
it was free to roam up and down her sleek, sensual thighs. 

	 Taleena struggled desperately to escape his obscene caresses, but her
every movement seemed only to further excite her obese oppressor.  Lying prone
across Balbinus' lap she could feel his manhood pressing thick and hard against
her belly through his caftan, but when he loosened the hammerlock a bit she
managed to squirm free to rise from his lap. The corpulent merchant heaved
himself off the ottoman, too, but when he tried to re-seize her right hand
Taleena hit him in the face and raked her nails across his perspiring jowls. 

	Balbinus cried out in pain, and stirred to a powerful wrath by Taleena's
defiance, he returned the blow angrily, striking the struggling beauty sharply
across the face with the back of his hand. Though he was not inordinately
strong, the force of his blow knocked his bare-legged captive roughly to the
floor, her lip bleeding from the impact of one of the heavy golden rings  he
wore on his fleshy fingers.

	Still in the throes of the fury of a rejected admirer, the stout little
man was about to throw  himself on the fallen woman and take by force what she
had refused to yield voluntarily, when an insistent pounding on the door stopped
him in his tracks.  A shaken Taleena could only look on fearfully as Vinculus
and his Cilician companion from the prior evening, alarmed by the sounds coming
from inside the captain's cabin, threw open the heavy door and burst into the
room, compelling Balbinus to alter his plans slightly.

 	Breathing heavily from their brief scuffle, Balbinus ordered the two
ruffians to seize his prey.  Eager to oblige, the pair of sailors pulled the
blue-eyed beauty roughly to her feet as her long, blonde hair swirled around her
shoulders in splendid disarray.  Taleena could feel their foul breath on her
neck as the muscular guards pinioned her arms securely.  The fuming merchant
wiped at his mouth, waiting for his henchmen to render the blonde helpless until
he stepped forward and grasped the azure-trimmed neckline of her beautiful white
tunic firmly in his fleshy hands. Then, with an almost bestial growl, he gave
the rich material a violent downward wrench.

	Taleena's full, pale breasts bounced free as her bloated tormentor
pushed the torn fabric back over her soft, rounded shoulders, baring her to the
waist. Balbinus, his face flushed with desire, exertion, and the thrill of
conquest, took a moment to catch his breath while he admired his captive's
pink-tipped breasts as they bobbled enticingly as she twisted from side to side,
trying to escape the sailors' grip. A wicked smile formed on his lips as he put
his hands on Taleena's rounded hips and pulled the pale garment down until its
tattered remnants lay festooned at her feet.

	 Meanwhile Vinculus had grabbed a handful of her golden tresses and
jerked her head back painfully, quashing her resistance and forcing her
thrusting breasts forward for his master's pleasure. Taleena braced herself
reflexively, shamefully conscious of how Balbinus' piggish eyes were riveted on
her shuddering treasures.  He ogled the creamy mounds hungrily with the
satisfaction of a merchant who had paid dearly, but was extremely well-pleased
with his purchase.  Then his penetrating gaze shifted slightly before coming to
rest on the golden necklace which rose and fell on her heaving chest.

   "Return the jewellery!" he commanded tersely, gesturing to the sailors to
loosen their grip. "I was a fool to offer an ignorant brat like you such
expensive trinkets.  What do you know of the value of things?" he fumed.  "By
Mercurius, you shall pay for those earrings! And you will pay the price of
defying Balbinus!"

   As she stood before the raging man, naked save for a minuscule white
loin-cloth, Taleena felt a hot wave of shame welling through her body, a
tactile, tangible shame that seemed to suffuse her bare breasts with a warm,
rosy glow. No man save for her lover, Stertius, had ever seen her naked before,
and Taleena was mortified beyond words that this swinish little man and his
servile minions should do so now. But she had no choice but to obey.  At a nod
from Balbinus, his men relaxed their grip on her, allowing her to raise her arms
to undo the necklace, blushingly conscious of how that movement lifted her
close-set breasts into ever more wanton prominence.
  
   "I never asked for it!" she spat out, throwing the golden gift at his chest.
"I asked you for nothing!" She crossed her arms in front of her body to cover
her modesty, but Balbinus was in no frame of mind to be cheated of even an ounce
of pleasure.  His thick lips curled into a depraved smile and he gestured to his
men to seize her again, and the loathsome duo took great pleasure in wrestling
her arms behind her back, thus thrusting the alluring fullness of her shivering
breasts to an even bolder relief against their taut and tender skin. The wiry
Cretan was directly behind her now and he pulled Taleena back hard against his
body until she could feel his stirring erection rubbing against her thinly-clad
buttocks.
  
   Taleena flinched as Balbinus extended his hand toward her, until she realized
it was aimed at her face, not at her breasts. She turned her head away from him
in disgust, but could not evade his repulsive touch when he grabbed her roughly
by the chin, forcing her to meet his furious gaze
  
   "Since my foolish generosity has been met with ingratitude, we shall have to
adopt other means to teach you the respect a slave owes her master," he uttered
menacingly, revelling in his dominance over his nude and helpless captive.  The
goatish merchant wore a curious expression as he stroked her face, wiping at the
trickle of blood which had gathered at the corner of her mouth, and then sliding
a scarlet-stained fingertip over her full lips before letting his fleshy fingers
slide slowly down her slender throat. Taleena's blood ran cold as she felt the
merchant's practiced eye appraising her mouth and lips and throat as if she were
standing on the auction block at a slave market.
  
   She was nearly as repelled by the unmistakable menace in his tone as by his
loathsome caresses, and even more so by the pluralis majestatis with which he
referred to himself. But the smug merchant's complacency only served to harden
her resolve to resist him all the more, and when she felt his fat, ring-covered
fingers come to rest on her left breast, she spat in his piggish face with all
the contempt she could muster.

   Balbinus' eyes darkened in anger at this new offence, and he drew his right
hand back as if to slap her; but then he stopped in mid-air, wiping the stream
of her saliva from his cheek. Gazing with vicious delight at the panting young
slave-girl before him, he extended his thick-fingered hands again and rubbed
Taleena's spittle into the tender skin of her out-thrust breasts, squeezing
them, probing them, tweaking their tender nipples until they began to stiffen in
unwilling response
  
   "The time will come when you will crawl to me on your knees, begging me to
touch you, slave," Balbinus rasped, his voice thick with lust and anger, as
Taleena squirmed in pain, trying to free her sensitive breasts from his painful
grasp.  A purplish vein in his forehead throbbed obscenely as his meaty paws
tightened their grip.  "When you will beg me to caress these lovely breasts," he
grunted, as Taleena moaned in pain.  "Yes, my sweet, you shall," he continued
with gluttonous glee, reading her protesting glance, as he dug his manicured
thumbnails into the undersides of her coral breast-tips. "A taste of the lash
will teach you some humility!"
  
   The lash!  During her long sleepless night, the possibility of a flogging had
occurred to Taleena but she had tried to suppress the nightmarish thought.  She
had once watched a careless maid receive a few strokes with a birch at the Domus
Camilli, and had heard the girl's anguished cries of pain.  But aside from that
occasion, floggings had been nearly as rare as flying horses in the peaceful
world in which she had lived - but that tranquil existence was gone, perhaps
forever.
	
   Balbinus' cruel fingers had brought tears to her blue eyes, but biting her
lip to keep from crying out, Taleena steeled herself for Balbinus' announcement. 
If she must endure a few strokes of the whip, so be it, she concluded stoically. 
But she would do her best to endure them with fortitude befitting an Avernian.
The great Vercingetorix would not have begged his Roman captors for mercy. And
neither would she.
	
   But while Taleena strove to prepare herself mentally for the gruesome
prospect of being tied to the mast of the ship, of writhing under the sting of
the tasker's whip before a crew of lecherous sailors, she had reckoned neither
on the full extent of Balbinus' wrath nor on the perverse form of retribution
that the swinish merchant would employ to break the spirit of his rebellious
slave.

   The scowling merchant's florid face was a mask of vindictiveness as he gave
her soft, creamy breasts a final vicious squeeze, before proclaiming his
terrible verdict:
  
   "Vinculus!  Find this slut a place on the rowing bench!"




XI.
	
	
	As Vinculus and Symmachus were about to drag the struggling slave girl
out of Balbinus' cabin, Taleena gave her glowering master an imploring look. 
"My tunic... please."

	The two sailors snorted derisively at the very notion of a slave begging
favours from a master like Balbinus, but paused in the doorway, so that their
captain could rebuke the impertinent wench properly.
	
	The corpulent merchant met Taleena's desperate glance with ill-concealed
glee, amused by the bare-breasted blonde's pathetic attempt to preserve at least
a vestige of her modesty.  His gaze lingered lazily for a moment on her creamy
mounds, still blotched and reddened from his rough handling, and then dropped to
the floor, to the tattered remnants of the costly tunic he had ripped from her
luscious body. 
	
	He gestured for Symmachus to hand him the white garment, and after
taking it from the sailor's hands, he examined it minutely.  Then he held it at
arm's length, like an emperor poised to signal the start of a chariot race.
"Very well, then," he said with an air of Augustan magnanimity as his henchmen
looked on in surprise. "How could I deny such a beauty anything?  Well, come and
take it, girl."
	
	At a nod from Balbinus, a visibly disappointed Vinculus released
Taleena, who quickly strode toward Balbinus to retrieve the torn tunic, only for
him to lift his arm high behind his head when she reached for it.  "Come on,
take it," he taunted her, "if you want it so badly. I promise on my word as a
Roman that I will remain motionless."
	
	Even though Taleena was taller than the wily merchant, Balbinus' massive
girth prevented her from reaching the tunic with her extended arm. After two
failed attempts to grasp it, Taleena realized that the only way she would be
able to retrieve her garment would be to jump up to snatch the tunic from his
hand.  A most distasteful eventuality, since it was clear that such a course of
action would literally slap her bare breasts against his face and chest. 
	
	Balbinus smiled a knowing, satyr's smile as his blushing prisoner
tentatively stepped forward and pressed her body against his rotund torso. But
he honoured his promise and allowed her to seize the flimsy garment when she
leapt against him, delighting in the sensation of her opulent breasts sliding
down his massive chest during her descent to terra firma.

	As the mortified blonde pulled the garment over her head to shield her
nudity from the evil trio, Balbinus gave Vinculus and Symmachus a conspiratorial
wink.  Wicked grins stole over the sailors' faces as they watched Taleena try to
adjust the tunic, and they soon came to understand why their master had granted
the slave girl's wish.  Balbinus had ripped the fine fabric from neckline to
navel, and while the tunic's topstitched midsection clung rather snugly to
Taleena's womanly hips, the flimsy panels of its top revealed more than they
hid. Taleena's soft shoulders barely managed to hold the gaping halves in place,
although they provided an attractive frame for her delicious decolletage.
	
	"Take her away!" Balbinus snapped at the sailors, giving Taleena's
curvaceous cleavage a final gluttonous glance. "Neptune is bound to bless our
journey after having been offered such a splendid sight!"

*  *  *

	The smirking sailors' pinioned Taleena's arms to her sides and dragged
their scantily-clad prisoner through the door of the cabin and out onto the deck
of the Thetis.   They had taken no more than a step or two from the doorway at
the stern of the vessel, when they were greeted by a brisk morning breeze which
playfully ruffled the flaps of Taleena's once-modest tunic. The flimsy folds of
fabric were at the mercy of the intermittent gusts of wind, and Taleena blushed
furiously as the breeze bared her breasts to the eyes of the entire crew.  Why,
she asked herself in frustration, had the Fates allowed her to play along with
Balbinus' perverse game, only to debase her yet again?
	
	Taleena's captors enjoyed their entrance as they marched their
eye-catching captive down the central aisle, between the twin-lines of dirty,
sullen, shaven-headed men who manned the oars, twenty a side, pulling valiantly
in the hope of escaping the sting of the tasker's whip.
	
	Galley slaves made up the lowest stratum of the complex hierarchy of
slaves that was woven through Roman society.  Criminals and unfortunates alike,
they were men who had done with life and who spent their waking hours rowing
toward a dismal death that would release them from their endless drudgery.  They
were fed, but thin, their faces dark and hollow, and their humdrum toil seemed
to have purged every spark of liveliness from their eyes.

	 It took these lost souls on the benches some time to realize that the
gorgeous, near-naked girl being paraded before them in such humiliating fashion
wasn't a mere hallucination.  But as soon as the more alert among them grasped
the fact that the stunning blonde apparition was indeed real, the sight of
Taleena's luscious young body quickly threw them off their pace.
	
	Even the tall, well-muscled Aethopian tasker who strode back and forth
along the aisle was intrigued by this unexpected erotic vision. He made a swift,
sharp movement with his hand, and at this signal the roll on the pace drum
signifying 'down oars' was sounded, like a nautical flourish in honour of the
breath-taking newcomer.

	"Kananga!" Vinculus called to the tasker, in a voice of authority which
left little doubt that the Cretan was the deck officer of the ship,  "The
captain says you're to find a place for our new rower!" as he pushed Taleena in
his direction. 
	
	  The ebony-skinned Aethiopian ran his starkly pink tongue over his dry
lips for a moment as he eyed the lush curves spilling out of the blonde's
wind-whipped bodice.  Then the imposing African turned to survey his forlorn
charges before extending his muscular arm toward an old man who sat on the
portside bench in the middle of the hull.
	
	Taleena had no idea of the length of time that the poor wretch had
toiled at his oar, but when he saw the tasker pointing at him he seemed to know
that his hour of salvation had come. Symmachus quickly released him from the
chains which shackled him to the bench, and the miserable creature did not even
make an attempt to resist when the burly Cilician hauled his gaunt body
overboard.

	Taleena flinched at the old man's faint outcry when his body hit the
sea, and she shivered as she heard him cry out twice more before his flailing
figure disappeared into the vessel's wake. She was badly shaken by the casual
way the sailors had disposed of the slave, but her indignation at that ruthless
scene was quickly cut short, as her captors pushed her roughly toward the
freshly-vacated place on the bench.  

	Each of the Thetis' two rowing benches was a rough-hewn, massive timber,
the width of a tall man's foot, which ran the length of the ship.  The sailors
forced Taleena to straddle the crude bench whose topside came to the hem of her
tunic, and then Symmachus grabbed her by the nape of the neck and pulled her
roughly down onto it.  The topside of the beam had been smoothed to a polished
surface by years of contact with the buttocks of its countless occupants, but it
was highly uncomfortable to sit on nonetheless.

	Taleena's bare feet were quickly forced onto a footrest which was
attached to the underside of the beam, so that her legs were slightly bent at
the knees.  She heard Vinculus close the hasp of the rusty manacles around her
ankles with an ominous click of finality, thus securing her dainty feet to the
footrest which would hold her fast until Balbinus' wrath was satisfied.
	
	As she sat there in misery, wondering for how long the wicked merchant
intended to leave her chained to the bench, Taleena could almost feel the heat
radiating from the ravenous stares of her fellow-rowers, some of whom had not
touched a woman in years.  The sound of clanking chains and creaking timbers
accompanied their awkward efforts to contort their bodies and crane their necks
so as to catch a glimpse of naked flesh.
	
	Vinculus gave the blonde apprentice a knowing grin as he compelled her
to seize the handles she would use to operate the heavy oar, before encasing her
slender wrists in another pair of shackles. When she was chained in place, it
became fully evident that she was too lightly built for this pursuit, for the
shackles, which had hung loosely on the bony limbs of the old man, almost
slipped off her slim wrists. The looseness of the manacles allowed Taleena a
little freedom with her hands, however, enabling her to make clumsy attempts to
keep her tunic closed in front.

	The beetle-browed Cretan watched Taleena's pathetic efforts to keep the
top of her shredded bodice in place with a bemused air.  "Look at her,
Symmachus," he scoffed to his crony, "trying to hold that rag together as if she
were a Vestal Virgin!" 
	
	Vinculus cast his gaze skyward at the bright sun and sniffed at the sea
air. "You'd do better to pray to Aeolus, the god of the fickle winds to cease
blowing. But I'm afraid it's too late; he seems to be answering the prayers of
your benchmates at the moment," he said in a mocking voice, as another gust of
wind lifted the hem of her tunic high on her thighs. "In a day or two, those
lovely blonde tresses will be all you'll have left to cover your body anyway,"
he continued as he stroked her hair, curling a golden ringlet around a callused
finger. "Kananga will see to that," he added with a lecherous smirk, "even if
the sea air doesn't!"

	The grim-faced Aethiopian did not reply, but the tightening of his grip
on the stock of his whip spoke volumes.  Taleena felt herself growing faint as
the true horror of her plight began to sink in on her.  She could not take her
eyes off the frightful whip, which had been fashioned from a thick length of
nautical rope which had been unravelled into nine single strands, each of them
as long as her arm.  At least the strands had not been twisted into knots as
might have the case with a punishment whip, she thought as she swallowed
apprehensively; the purpose of this dreadful instrument was to spur the rowers
on through pain, not to cut or maim them.
	
	The fearsome Kananga stationed himself behind her and gestured to the
pot-bellied pace drummer at the stern to continue the beat on his kettledrum at
the slowest of three possible paces.  As the rowers resumed the rhythm of the
drive, Taleena gripped her oar tightly and strove to copy the motions of the man
in front of her, bending forward from the waist as she put her back into the
first stroke. As she strained against the croaking oar, she found that due to
its leverage it was not quite as heavy to handle as she had expected.  Even so
she was unable to split the water cleanly on her first attempt and the towering
tasker rewarded her clumsy, splashing stroke with a swift downward slash of his
whip - the first lash she had ever known!

	Taleena grimaced in pain, and her sudden shriek of agony rent the air,
scattering the seagulls that still followed the vessel. The nine tails of the
tasker's whip had raked across her shoulders, shredding the finely woven tunic
in places, leaving fiery trails in their wake, and Taleena could hardly bear to
contemplate the thought of this hydra-like whip stinging her bare skin.

	Balbinus had taken his vantage point on the poop deck, his beady eyes
blinking against the light of the sun as he surveyed the twin columns of rowers
that stretched before him.  The entire scene appealed to his voyeur's eye as he
relished the enticing contrast between the voluptuous body of the flaxen-haired
beauty and the emaciated frames of the shaven-headed men, between the flawless
parchment of the young girl's creamy skin and the weathered hide of the seasoned
slaves. The long-dead emperor Tiberius, who had been said to have filled his
villa on Capri with all manner of erotic images, ranging from the sensual to the
unspeakable, could hardly have improved upon this tantalizing tableau - and he,
Balbinus, was master of it all.
	
	Taleena returned his gaze with furious anger when she looked in his
direction, but her lovely face became twisted by another cry of anguish as the
tasker meted out further encouragement to the desperate girl. This time the
nine-tailed lash had found skin left bare by old rents in the fabric, even as it
opened fresh ones.  Balbinus watched intently as she strained against the oar to
save herself from a third lash, and when she bent forward again, trying not to
lose the rhythm of the stroke, the billowing scraps of white fabric slipped
further down her shoulders, affording him another glimpse of the magnificent
breasts that Venus herself would have envied.

	Balbinus felt a pleasurable pressure in his loins as his lascivious gaze
locked onto the sight of her pendulous breasts as they heaved and swayed in
rhythm to the pace-setting drum.  The creamy globes, tipped with the pouting
nipples that he had teased to an unwilling semi-erectness in his cabin, bobbled
deliciously each time she tugged at her oar. The touch and feel of her breasts
still lingered vividly in his mind, sublimely soft and yet youthfully firm, and
he could not tear his gaze from the pink-crested mounds which were constantly in
motion as Taleena struggled to maintain the demanding pace. 

	The wily merchant's lip twisted upward in a wicked smile as he
congratulated himself on his inventive decision to send the lovely slave girl to
the oars. The trip to Alexandria promised to be one he would long remember, and
he almost hoped that the headstrong maiden would prolong her defiance and defer
her surrender.  For even the inevitable final conquest could hardly be more
gratifying to him or more humiliating to her, than this exciting spectacle.
	
	Taleena sensed that she was on the verge of losing the unrelenting
rhythm, and she redoubled her efforts, pulling with desperate strength. Each
stroke had to be completed to the time set by the mercilessly monotone pace-drum
- an almost unbearable cycle of dip, pull, clear, bend forward, dip and pull
again, with one stroke following another so quickly that there was never a
moment to relax. But she was robust and healthy, her arms and shoulders strong,
and although her bare breasts were beginning to suffer under the rowing stress,
her pectoral muscles were fit as a result of raking the fields and hauling
sheaves of wheat through her teenage years at her father's farm.

	Although she was conscious of the men's searing gaze, the ceaseless toil
of the unending oarstrokes at least kept her from dwelling on the skimpiness of
her attire and the salaciousness of her pose. She was sweating so profusely now
that the largely intact back of her tunic soon clung to her torso like a second
skin, and even the occasional gusts of wind did little to cool her heated body.
	
	Unmoved by the girl's suffering, the tasker laid a third set of fiery
lines across her back, even though her oar had begun to split the water cleanly
enough now, but this time she managed to stifle her scream, merely uttering a
strangled groan as she put her back into the next stroke. She flinched when the
whip spoke a fourth time, only to realize that it was not upon her flesh that it
had fallen, but on the back of her neighbour.   Her starboard counterpart had
paid a painful price for being so distracted by the eye-catching sight of his
bare-breasted benchmate that he had lost the rhythm of the drive.

	As the hours passed, Taleena gradually became acclimated to the
gruelling grind of first pace, and when the onset of twilight finally forced the
tasker to call an end to the day's toil, she became painfully aware of what her
efforts had cost her: the palms of her hands were covered with blisters, her
buttocks sore, her feet deeply bruised from the pressure of the pull, her body
laved with sweat and vibrating with a depth of exhaustion she had never before
experienced.                                                      

	Every muscle in her arms, shoulders, back and legs seemed to scream with
pain and fatigue, but if Taleena thought that the sadistic merchant would relent
now that she had paid a price for her recalcitrance, she was soon proved
horribly wrong. The tasker made no move to release her from her bonds, leaving
her where she sat, crumpled over her oar.  Like her fellow rowers, she was given
only a bowl of lumpy porridge, after being watered from a goatskin bag.

	Taleena had eaten nothing since the morning of the prior day, and
hurried to scrape the stale mush from her bowl with her fingers. She was
oblivious of the ogling crewmen, but conscious of the fact that she, like the
other slaves, was devouring her meagre meal like an animal being fed by its
master. Yet she eyed the empty bowl of porridge wistfully for a moment or two,
hoping against hope that it might be refilled, until the tasker came around to
collect the bowls. 

	Her strength having been somewhat restored by the meager meal,  Taleena
managed to use her manacled wrists to pull the flimsy panels of the tunic
together in order to shield her breasts from the leers of the sailors.  But to
her dismay, Taleena soon realized that every time she took the trouble to adjust
her tunic, her hunched-forward posture caused the scraps of fabric to slip back
down her shoulders.  She longed to cradle her pendulous breasts in her hands,
not only to shield them from the stares of the men, but merely to touch them
gently to ease the soreness resulting from long hours of unsupported labour. But
the shackles on her wrists permitted no such soothing caress; each time the
delicate fingers that would have soothed her suffering reached for her breasts,
the remorseless chains pulled her up short an inch from the envisaged recipients
of her caresses.  Growing more and more frustrated with her futile attempts,
Taleena felt like the unfortunate Tantalus whom the gods had doomed to suffer
for all eternity in the orchards of Tartarus, to reach for the twigs of the
trees laden with juicy fruits that would nourish him, only to have them jerked
away just when they seemed within his reach.

	So all Taleena could do was to nudge her breasts a little closer
together with her elbows, but she sensed that her predicament had caught the
attention of the crewmen and indeed it had.  Symmachus, the ship's carpenter,
looked up from the broken oar on which he had been working, and elbowed the
Roper and they huddled together whispering conspiratorially.
	
	Vinculus leaned against the ship's rail, watching her through vulpine
eyes while he manipulated his ever-present rope into one unusual configuration
after another. "What do you think, Kananga?" he addressed the tall, Aethiopian
tasker.  "Will you be able to make a rower out of her?"
	
	  "She is young and strong," the African replied, "but her timing is not
yet good." While the tasker's sonorous voice was threatening if only because of
its cavernous resonance, it was free of the malice that seemed to cling to
Vinculus' every word. "But I promise you she will learn. My... instructions have
never failed to produce good rowers," he added as he stroked the well-worn
handle of his nine-tailed whip affectionately.
  
	"Well, the captain will want you to teach her thoroughly," Vinculus
observed dryly, before continuing in a cunning voice.  "It's not for me to tell
you your business, my friend," he said ingratiatingly, "but she seemed so
concerned with her attire that it hampered her stroke. Your instructions might
be more easily remembered if you ... inscribed them on her bare back."
	
	"That may be so," responded the Aethiopian pensively, as if the
independence of his draconian office hung in the balance and prevented him from
consenting too readily to the diminutive deck officer's sleazy suggestion.
	
	"Besides," Vinculus continued slyly, "Why should there be two styles of
dress among the rowers?" He looked at his cronies for approval, but while the
pot-bellied pacemaker grunted his consent, twirling his drum sticks between his
fingers in anxious anticipation, the tasker met Vinculus' glance with a level
stare.

	"Aye," Symmanchus chimed in, sensing the tension between the two men.
"Bare backs for one, bare backs for all!" he shouted theatrically, and his mock
slogan was met with ribald cheers from the other sailors.
	
	The tasker still pretended not to be convinced, but then his stern face
brightened up as his lips parted in a broad smile, revealing two rows of
sparkling teeth. "Then a bare back she shall have!" he decided finally, walking
a few steps down the aisle and planting himself behind Taleena.

	"You wouldn't want any special treatment, now, would you, wench?"
Vinculus snarled angrily. 
	
	Even her own dire situation could not keep Taleena from noticing that
Vinculus was furious with the imposing tasker for challenging his authority. 
But she had no time to think how she might profit from the tension between the
two men, since the glowering Aethiopian had drawn his dreadful whip from his
belt.  The African draped the thongs over the whip over her right shoulder so
that the frayed strands of rope fell portentously across her half-exposed
breast, then he gripped her golden tresses firmly with his other hand and pulled
her head back, so that she was staring into this blazing eyes.
	
	When Taleena, trembling and too frightened to speak, remained silent,
the glowering Aethiopian drew his whip out of his belt and draped the tails over
her right shoulder, so that the frayed strands of rope fell portentously across
a half-exposed breast. Then he grabbed her blonde tresses with his other hand
and pulled her head back so that she was staring into his blazing black eyes.

	"The deck officer has asked you a question, wench!" Kananga growled in a
voice so deep that it seemed to rumble up from the depths of the sea, but the
attentive observer could detect the acidic drop of disparagement in the
African's tone when he referred to the Cretan's rank. "Do you think you deserve
special treatment?"
	
	"N-no," Taleena murmured in a voice that was no more than a whisper.

	"Good! Then you shall be dressed like the others," the Aethiopian
snarled, as he re-holstered the whip and then gripped the top of her tunic in
his powerful hands.
	
	Taleena closed her eyes as Kananga ripped the back of the garment to
shreds with one mighty jerk.  But hers were the only closed eyes on the Thetis
as the frontless and now backless tunic slithered off of her shoulders, and slid
down her well-toned flanks before coming to rest around her hips. Although she
could shut out the sight of the lecherous crewmen, Taleena could not shut out
their lurid cheers and crude catcalls as they eyeballed her milky-white breasts
which Eos, the goddess of dawn and dusk, bathed in the warm colours of the
setting sun. 
	
	Taleena thought she would die of shame as some of the sniggering sailors
sauntered down the aisle to get a better look at her nakedness.  Smirking
broadly at her plight, and making no attempt to hide their arousal, a few of
them even crudely offered to show her a good time - whenever Balbinus gave the
word.  Taleena could not meet their gaze and bent forward on her oar,
crestfallen, trying to cover her tear-filled eyes with her forearms. 
	
	Fortunately, it was not long before merciful Somnus redeemed the
sorely-tried rowing apprentice from her misery; but Taleena slept only fitfully,
waking time and again to the imagined sounds of nightmarish whips whizzing
through the air and cracking viciously against bare skin.
	
*  *  *

	A golden-red rim marked the eastern horizon as the sun rose, auguring
the dawn of the proud Avernian's second day of discipline.
	
	Prodded to wakefulness by the tasker, it took Taleena some moments until
the heave and sway of the ship made her realize that this was not just a rude
awakening from a nightmare, but that she was actually cowering on the rowing
bench of Balbinus' galley. The brisk morning breeze which swept the deck
reminded her immediately of the absence of her tunic, and when she tried to
cross her hands in front of her pink-blushing breasts, the shackles at her
wrists reminded her of the full extent of her dire predicament.
	
	The tasker continued his walk down the aisle, untethering the straps
which had secured the oars inboard over night, and when he reached the prow, he
raised his arm, indicating to the rowers to thrust the oars outward. Taleena
hurried to follow the motions of her front man, poising her oar above the water,
keeping it as level and as steady as she could, until the tasker saw that all
were ready. He lowered his hand, and forty oars struck the water together while
the pot-bellied pace drummer resumed the unrelenting rhythm of the drive.
	
	Taleena's heart sank at the thought that she was bound to spend another
day on the bench, and when she saw Balbinus' portly frame emerge from his cabin
shortly after sunrise, her heart leaped up, hoping that her punishment was at an
end. But it was not to be.  The vindictive merchant merely stood on the poop
deck and watched her with a gleeful delight, enjoying the magnificent sight of
his slave girl, now stripped to the waist, trying to keep pace with the taxing
stroke set by the pacer.

	Taleena had heard the sailors mention on several occasions that the
Thetis' first port-of-call was Alexandria, which indicated a journey of some
nine days duration. But she continued to hope that she'd be freed long before
they reached that distant port.  It was not until the afternoon of the third day
that she began to suspect that Balbinus intended for her to row the entire
distance.  It was impossible to know whether Balbinus had planned her punishment
that way from the beginning or whether she was being made to suffer due to the
simple reality that the ship carried no spare slaves to man the oars.
Nevertheless she silently cursed the disgusting man for her misery with a
fervour that matched her agony.
	
	The days dragged on slowly, days filled with dreadful drudgery and
mindless monotony, punctuated only by skin-searing slashes of Kananga's venomous
nine-tailed hydra whenever her attention wandered or her strength slackened.

	It was late in the afternoon of the ninth day that the North African
coast was sighted, and after another hour at first pace the mighty lighthouse of
Alexandria's harbour grew visible in the distance across the water. The sun
shone high in an azure sky, across which white clouds drifted lazily by like
ragged sails in a soft breeze.
	
	The sea had been troubled for the past few days, with choppy,
white-crested waves snatching at the oars, and rollers racing past the hull as
the Thetis continued her southward journey. But now the water lay calm, and the
streamlined bow of the galley produced only a fine spray as it parted the placid
surface of the Roman Sea. The climate had also changed while they approached the
North African coast, growing warmer and warmer, and by the ninth day the
temperature had climbed to a point at which the sun's heat added considerably to
the rigors of the bench.
	
	Their destination now in sight, Balbinus ordered the drummer to raise
his beat to second pace and strolled down the poop deck and along the aisle to
the prow, ostensibly to search the horizon for the coastline.  But in actuality
his walk toward the bow was a mere pretext to necessitate a return toward the
stern, so that he might have the opportunity of savouring the Gaul's nudity at
close range.
	
	Her body had stood up well under the rigours of the past few days, he
mused as he marvelled at her slender, tapering back, the soft indentations of
her spine - and the darkening weals the tasker's nine-tailed whip had left on
the smooth expanse of her creamy skin. 
	
	He would have wagered a talent of silver that the girl would have begun
to beg for mercy on her second day on the bench at the latest; but she had not,
and at first he had been more than a little annoyed at her stubbornness, feeling
that her defiance had cast him as the loser at his own cruel game. But upon
further consideration he had come to relish her rebelliousness.  A premature
surrender would have cheated him of nine days' pleasure, nine days of observing
that vision of defiant loveliness striving to maintain her poise.  Nine days of
watching her blushing face set into grim lines of endurance while she struggled
with her heavy oar.  Nine days of enjoying the rippling muscles of her slender
arms and legs as she toiled to spare herself the kiss of the tasker's whip. 
Nine days of watching her bend forward from the waist with every stroke, thus
keeping her luscious, sweat-sheened breasts in almost perpetual motion, swaying
enticingly to the unrelenting rhythm of the drum.
	
	Taleena returned Balbinus' lewd stare with eyes bright with azure fury. 
They grew still brighter with tears of pain when the tasker laid another lash
across her bare back, but she gritted her teeth to withhold the scream that
welled up inside her throat,  if only to deprive her tormentor the satisfaction
of hearing it.
	
	Balbinus' lips curled into a cruel smile as he watched the naked wench's
efforts to keep her silence. She had never been pushed to second pace before,
but bore it well, he thought, and with a hint of fiendish glee in his eyes, he
turned to the tasker who stood directly behind Taleena.
	
	"Third pace," he ordered, "and make sure that she stays in sweep with
the others!"

	The tall Aethiopian passed the captain's order on to the pacer, and the
drum burst into the terrible ram-rate beat, as it was called on the war galleys
of the Roman Fleet, and gasping and groaning in their torment, Taleena and the
other galley slaves had to increase their striking rate to a backbreaking level.

	 For half an hour and more they rowed at ramming speed, forty oars
creaking in unison while the tasker's whip spoke mightily, flailing left and
right, driving the half-fainting slaves to the edge of total breakdown. Five,
six, seven times, Taleena herself felt the scalding pain of the whip setting her
bare back ablaze, while Balbinus stood a few feet away, watching her writhe in
agony.   Then, when they had at last passed the harbour's entrance, 'haul in
oars' was sounded by the drummer, and losing momentum, the Thetis covered the
final yards to the busy quay, where the helmsman brought the vessel round with
consummate skill, hitting the mooring with no more than a tiny bump.

	The slaves collapsed where they sat, many retching in their exhaustion,
and when the gangway had been brought out, Balbinus watched the poor wretches
being led away, half carried, half dragged to be fed and quartered for the
night.


XII.
	
	When Taleena came round, doused by a bucket of water, she was not sure
how long she had slept on the filthy cellar floor of the house to which the
rowers had been brought. Chained to a wall, she lay in the same suffocating room
with the other slaves, but at a safe distance from them, since Balbinus had
given strict orders to his men to keep her away from the dull and mindless
beasts that manned the oars alongside her - at least until he had possessed her
body himself.

	A single torch illuminated the fearful cellar, and once Taleena had
begun to acclimate herself to the dim light of her surroundings, she felt as if
she were reliving her capture on the night of her abortive escape from the
Thetis. 

	For it was none other than Symmachus who held that lonely torch, and it
was evil-eyed Vinculus who had cast aside the wooden bucket, which made a dull
sound as it careened across  the warehouse floor.  The Cretan stood over her,
his beetle-browed eyes sweeping across the pearls of moisture on Taleena's nude
body which glimmered in the orange torchlight like the surface of a sheltered
cove at sunset.  "No need for you to sleep alone today," the diminutive Cretan
rasped, as a sly smile curled over his lips.  "The boss wants to see you."
	
	Symacchus placed the torch in an elevated sconce and then unhooked the
rusted chain which imprisoned her against a nearby wall, the very chain that had
fettered to her oar since the first day of her hellish voyage.  "On your feet,
wench!"  he snapped.
	
	But as soon as Taleena had staggered to her feet, it was Vinculus giving
the orders.  "Bend down and step across your wrist chain," the Cretan barked. We
can't have you covering those beauties with your arms, now, can we?"
	
	Symmachus guffawed derisively as he watched Taleena bend her lithe body
to comply with Vinculus' order. When she rose from her stooped-over position,
the chain that linked her wrist manacles was placed behind her, dangling just
beneath her brief, bedraggled loincloth, leaving her hands at her sides, her
shoulders square and thrusting her chest forward invitingly.

	The sound of the bouncing bucket coupled with the continuous clinking of
her chains had begun to waken the other galley slaves, and Taleena could hear
the one closest to her emitting a rampant snarl, as though he were a drooling
dog straining at his leash. The other males began to stir as well as they became
aware of the sight of their female benchmate's nakedness, and while the
torchlight bathed her nude body most alluringly in a flickering light, it also
created strange shadows that seemed to hover on the bottom of the wall like
ghostly lemures, the spirits of the dead. Taleena tried to move away from the
aroused men, but Symmachus seemed to be completely unaware of the ravenous
rowers' cravings.
	
	With her wrists chained behind her back, Taleena was helpless to prevent
the carpenter's rough, callused hands from sliding up her flanks and then
curling around to cup the fullness of her still-moist breasts.  The burly
Cilician revelled in the softness of her flesh for a long moment, using his
thick thumbs to prod her protruding nipples before Vinculus stopped him with a
nervous glance.  "There'll be plenty of time for that once we get her out of
here," the Roper muttered, inclining his head in the direction of the frenzied
slaves.
	
	Taleena glanced anxiously at her half-crazed benchmates who rattled
their chains like hobbled beasts.  She saw a frenzied, frightening sparkle in
eyes which had heretofore seemed to belong to shadows in Hades.  She shuddered
in revulsion as one or two filthy hands dipped inside dingy loincloths to
satisfy long-dormant urges, and Symmachus had to kick at the most excited ones
as they tried to move closer. 
	
	Taleena felt relieved as the sailors dragged through the door of the
cellar, out of sight of the lust-crazed rowers, but her relief didn't last long.
As soon as Vinculus had slammed the door shut, the two men forced Taleena
against the wall of the staircase which led up to the ground level.  Symmachus
quickly covered her mouth with one hand, while he used the other to fondle her
breasts with aggressive delight.

	As Taleena tried to spin away from Symmachus, Vinculus planted a knee
between her smooth thighs, and slapped his gnarled hand against her bare belly
before sliding it down inside her loincloth.  Taleena grunted in shock at the
suddenness of their assault, and squirmed around in a futile attempt to avoid
the questing hands. 
	
	But Symmachus merely chuckled throatily and muttered, "No more of your
teasing now, wench!" as he manhandled each of her breasts in turn.  Meanwhile
Vinculus's fingers had plowed downward, through the fine tangles of pubic hair,
to latch onto her clitoris, and he proceeded to squeeze the sensitive bud, until
Taleena screamed into Symmachus' stifling paw.

	  Taleena struggled valiantly, trying to use her knees and shoulders to
fend her attackers off, but with her wrists in chains she stood little chance. 
She had almost resigned herself to the pillaging fingers, when she managed to
slide her mouth free of Symmachus' gagging grip, just long enough to gasp,
"Balbinus will have your heads, if you rape me!"

	Taleena couldn't believe that she had used the disgusting merchant's
name in her own defence, but for the moment the violence of their attack
subsided.

	"Aye, that he might," Vinculus growled, as he momentarily relaxed the
pressure of his fingers.   "But who's to know if a couple of sailors have a
little fun with a wench like you!"

	The Cretan was just about to force his prying fingers inside her when
the threesome heard voices on the floor above them.  Balbinus kept a storehouse
on the first floor of the building, as well as a personal residence, and his
workers had apparently arrived earlier than usual to put away cargo from the
Thetis.  But one of the doors of the warehouse opened onto this same
staircase...
	
	Alarmed by the prospect of unexpected witnesses, Vinculus ardour
dampened quickly, and he relieved himself of a litany of curses that was
extraordinary even for a sailor. His face was a mask of fury and frustration as
he withdrew his hand from between Taleena's legs.  "One day, slut!" he warned
her with a venomous snarl as he seized her face with a hand that was shaking
with rage.  "One day the Fates will be with me and I'll make you rue the day you
dared to threaten me!  Balbinus or no!"

*  *  *

	The two sailors hurriedly dragged Taleena  up the flight of steps and
then they marched her down another long corridor before passing through a door
which opened into a bright, opulently furnished room. Thick oriental rugs
covered the floor, exquisitely patterned carpets lined the walls, and cushions
in dazzling materials and varying sizes were arranged halfway around a small,
low table on which rested a large bowl of fruit.

	There she found herself standing before Balbinus, who sat formally and
pompously enthroned on a pile of cushions, as if he were a Ptolemaean potentate. 
An exquisite, scantily-clad Egyptian, little more than a girl, knelt close to
his feet, apparently ready to respond to his slightest wish, as he watched his
henchmen lead the beautiful blonde galley slave into his presence.  The sight of
the intimidated girl only increased Taleena's disdain for the complacent
merchant and her determination to oppose his will increased.

	There was no need to force Taleena to her knees, but the sailors holding
her by the elbows shoved her forward anyway, sending her sprawling onto the
tiled floor.  There she lay for a moment, breathing heavily, until she found the
strength to straighten up, glaring at Balbinus, her white teeth bared like those
of an injured lioness.
	
	  His fleshy face cocked to one side, the merchant listened to the
metallic clinking of her chains and watched with an amused expression as his
blonde galley-slave painfully pulled herself up to her knees. Then he made an
imperious gesture with his right hand and Vinculus stepped forward, and snarled,
"Bow to your betters, wench!" as he pressed Taleena's blonde head to the floor.
	
	Balbinus leaned back among his plush pillows, eyeing the random pattern
of welts the tasker's whip had left on Taleena's bare back with some interest.
The corners of his mouth turned upward into an obscene smirk.   "Vinculus, there
is no reason to be so rough with our guest.  Release her, if you please."
	
	As Taleena sat up on her haunches, Balbinus' jowls seemed to fill with
air as he eyed her long legs, bare beneath the rag that she wore around her
waist, before transferring his gaze to her majestic breasts. Balbinus ogled his
chained prisoner for some time, enjoying the stimulating contrast between the
warm softness of her luscious body and the cold hardness of the rusted iron
which encased her wrists and ankles.
	
	After dismissing a disappointed Symmachus and Vinculus and reminding
them to wait upon him in the outer corridor, Balbinus addressed Taleena
scornfully.  "Well, judging from the marks on your back, your short rowing
career has already begun to take its toll. So tell me, slave, has nine days of
sea air restored you to your senses, or do you intend to continue resisting the
will of Balbinus?"
	
	Even if Taleena had not been repulsed by the mere sight of the man, his
use of the word 'slave' would have summoned up every ounce of defiance in her
body, and she stared at him with the fury of a goddess scorned.
	
	"You may scowl at me for as long as you wish, slave," said Balbinus as
he returned her wrathful glare, "but it will do you no good. Tell me," he said
as he saw Taleena's eyes stray toward the overflowing bowl of fruit.  "Are you
so pleased with your present lot that you do not wish to improve it?"  Plucking
a handful of luscious-looking cherries from the bowl, he took one by the stem
and pointed it toward her.  "There is much that I could offer you..."

	Taleena ran her tongue over her dry but enticing lips as she watched the
gluttonous merchant roll a cherry around in his mouth, sucking the juicy pulp
from its pit.  She had eaten nothing since her bowl of thin porridge the prior
evening, nor had she taken any water, and she felt utterly parched and famished.
	
	Noticing the way Taleena's eager eyes followed the cherries from the
bowl to his mouth, Balbinus spoke to the raven-haired nymphet at his feet. 
"Pour me another glass of wine, Nilea."
	
	As the dusky, dark-eyed girl rose to her knees, Taleena noticed that she
wore only a skimpy, diaphanous halter, held together in front by a single lace,
that clung to her lovely, half-ripened breasts, and an exotic floor-length
skirt, slit at the hip,  through which her slim, nut-brown legs peeked with her
every movement. 
	
	A dry-mouthed Taleena could only watch enviously as the budding
Cleopatra picked up a pitcher from the table and poured its liquid rubies into
Balbinus' waiting glass, while the merchant's pudgy fingers slid beneath the
panels of her skirt and squeezed the supple flesh of her nearer thigh.
	
	After taking a sip of wine and smacking his lips with pleasure for
Taleena's benefit, Balbinus addressed Nilea again.  "And now, perhaps, a
spoonful of honey, my sweet," Balbinus said in a coaxing voice, removing his
hand from between her legs,  thus allowing the exquisite young girl  to slide
over to the table and pick up the nearer of two cylindrical jars. "No, the
acacia, today, I think. The other was a little tart yesterday."
	
	 Nilea replaced the first jar and picked up its neighbour.  She glided
back over to Balbinus, her bare thighs flashing, and twirled a small wooden
spoon in the amber liquid until it was thick with honey.  She held the spoon up
to Balbinus' mouth, but the merchant's eyes had narrowed into a frown.
	
	"Have you forgotten how to please me already?" he demanded sternly. "I
do not like to repeat myself," he added as he glanced meaningfully toward the
edge of the table, on which rested a slender wooden cane.  "You have polished
the cane with such care, girl; it would be a shame to spoil its finish so
quickly."
	
	"M-mea culpa, Master," Nilea stammered in broken Latin. "Forgive me. I
will do my best to please you."
	
	Taleena watched in disgust as the trembling, dark-eyed nymphet undid the
lace that held her bodice together, allowing two beautiful, plum-shaped breasts
to spill out of her sheer top.  Nilea slowly circumscribed one with the wooden
spoon, drawing little swirls and spirals on it with the viscous honey, before
leaning forward to offer her youthful breast to the greedy lips of her master.
	
	"Yes, yes, that's better, much better."  Balbinus extended his thick
tongue toward the outer curve of Nilea's honey-sweet breast and licked a portion
of it clean. Then he tucked his tongue inside his mouth and savoured the taste
with sensual pleasure.  "Like Midas, you have the golden touch, little one," he
said with a lascivious smile. "But this time, do not neglect the beautiful bud,"
Balbinus purred as Nilea dutifully anointed her pert, pointed nipple with the
golden liquid.  "Delicious," Balbinus muttered blissfully, as his lips formed an
'O' around Nilea's honey-drenched nipple, before slowly sucking the sticky
sweetness from the delectable nubbin.  Lifting his honeyed lips from her breast,
he slid an arm around the tawny Egyptian beauty's bare belly and pulled her
closer, before turning to address Taleena once again.

	"The duration of your stint at the oars in entirely in your hands,"
Balbinus continued in a voice reeking with insincerity.  "As you can see," he
smiled lewdly, before pausing to tongue another sip of honey from the underside
of Nilea's quivering breast, "your duties as my companion would not be arduous.
You have only to show me a little... affection, as this petite flower of the
Nile has done." 

	"Now the other one, my sweet," Balbinus whispered to his adolescent
concubine, and Nilea proceeded to decorate her other nipple with the rich acacia
honey, using the edge of the spoon to tease the stiffening bud even as she
painted it until it was thick with the sweet amber nectar.
	
	When her nipple was drenched with honey, Balbinus pulled her closer
until the Egyptian nymphet's nipple was only half a finger's length from his
mouth.  The round-bellied merchant reminded Taleena of a grossly swollen toad as
his long, obscenely wet tongue flicked out at Nilea's tempting breast-tip,
polishing the brown nugget carefully, before pulling her closer still and giving
her nipple a playful, but not painless nip that caused the girl to wince in
discomfort.
	
	When Balbinus frowned at this insolent response, the Egyptian beauty
smiled bravely and did not resist when his thick fingers reached for her raven
tresses and then softly but firmly guided her pretty head downward across his
capacious lap. Then the flesh-trader turned back to Taleena.  "Well?  What do
you say, slave?"

	Once again Taleena flinched at the disparaging form of address. Had
Balbinus made this same offer to her after her first dreadful day at the oars,
she might have relented and submitted to his will.  But each succeeding day on
the bench, each burning lash across her back, each insulting jibe from his
sailors had only fed the flames of her fury.  And the scene that had just
unfolded before her had only added to her contempt for this pot-bellied would-be
potentate.

	Still leaning back on her haunches, Taleena tried to rise from her
humiliating position, so as to address the perpetrator of her ordeal from a
position of dignity.  But Balbinus forestalled her by extending a fat finger in
her direction.  "Remain on your knees, wench, or I'll have Vinculus chain your
pretty neck to the leg of that table until you learn your place!"
	
	Taleena seethed with rage.  She felt the heat of her indignation suffuse
her upper body with feverish warmth. Had it not been for the chains that
imprisoned her wrists she would have thrown herself at this petty tyrant and
fought him even if it had cost her her life.
	
	But there was no third choice.  She would have to choose either servile
submission to the despicable merchant or the cruel subjugation of the tasker's
whip... An icy shiver ran through her body as she thought of the desperate souls
chained like animals in the cellar.  Vinculus' dire threat still echoed in her
ears as well, and she fought to master the panic that rose within her at the
thought of what might betide her if she refused Balbinus' will.

	"Well?" Balbinus roared.  "Will you serve me or your foolish pride?"
	
	In days to come Taleena would always wonder why her thoughts had turned
at that moment to old Eudocles, and the models of courage whose praises he had
sung.  Of  gallant Odysseus, the hero of Troy,  whose arduous journey homeward
to his beloved Ithaca had taken ten years; and of his brave and patient wife,
Penelope, who, through all that time, had resisted the advances of suitors as
insistent,  if not more detestable, than Balbinus.
	
	Once, upon listening to Eudocles' oft-repeated tales of warriors and
heroes, Taleena had lamented that Lugdunum, and the placid world in which she
lived, offered little chance for courage, little scope for valour. Eudocles had
merely shaken his head sadly at her naivete and whispered the words of his
long-dead mentor, Socrates.  "Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get
your heart's desire; the other is to get it."

	Taleena pulled herself upright squaring her shoulders, kneeling but
proud, defeated yet defiant.  Her bright blue eyes shot bolts of Gallic
lightning at Balbinus as she spat at him fearlessly.  "I would rather spend a
lifetime on the rowing bench than an hour in your embrace!"

	But if Taleena thought that her insult would shake Balbinus'
complacency, she was wrong. If the acquisitive merchant felt insulted, he kept
his emotions well under control this time.
	
	"Very well," he replied, with a sly smile, chuckling at the paradox that
Taleena's very pride had caused her lush breasts to thrust forward for his
delectation.  Power was indeed the greatest aphrodisiac, he thought to himself
as he felt his passion rise.  "It seems that you need just a little more time to
consider the terms of my offer," he added calmly, as if he were talking to a
headstrong child.  But then his voice hardened.  "And you shall have it! Do you
imagine that death will deliver you from my hands?  I assure you that very few
die on the bench although many wish to do so.  And if you do not come to your
senses, you shall soon join their ranks!"
	
	With those words Balbinus clapped his hands and Vinculus and Symmachus
re-entered the room and seized the rebellious blonde prisoner.  Balbinus watched
as his henchmen dragged the shackled beauty roughly to the door, savouring, for
a few seconds longer, the graceful lines of her tapering back and the well-toned
curves of her thighs.  His ardour had risen with his temper and he turned his
attentions to Nilea, his 'Flower of the Nile'.   He pressed the young girl's
pretty face more firmly again his lap, and she,  having seen the fate of a woman
who defied such a ruthless master, responded to his unspoken wishes with an
enthusiasm which did not fail to bring the contemptible merchant to the pinnacle
of pleasure.




XIII.


	After her prideful refusal to submit to Balbinus' will Taleena found
herself re-chained to the rowing bench for the next stage of her onerous
odyssey. From Alexandria, the Thetis travelled westward, following the outline
of the North African coast, with Carthage designated as its next port-of-call.

	Even at this time of the year, the sun on the south coast of the Roman
Sea was far more intense than it had been in more northern waters, and as the
incandescent orb made its diurnal circuit through the heavens, its scorching
light began to take a more serious toll on Taleena's fair skin. Was this, she
wondered, what Balbinus had meant when he had suggested that her ordeal would
soon become even worse? 

	By mid-afternoon of the first day out of Alexandria, Taleena's
light-hued skin had quickly become more and more rosy as the sun beat down
mercilessly on her nakedness.  The tasker had spent the first hour after dawn
giving the weathered bodies of the galley slaves a cursory sponging with rancid
olive oil in order to protect their skin from the bright rays of the sun. But
while the oily covering kept the skin from blistering and peeling, it did
nothing to prevent the harsh sting of sunburn itself.

	Inspired by the fairness of Taleena's complexion, on the following
morning, Balbinus initiated a variation of that daily ritual, one that would not
only keep his precious slave girl from becoming seriously burned, but which
would also humiliate his comely rowing apprentice in front of  the crew and the
other slaves.
	
	 And so it was with evident glee that the corpulent merchant singled out
the Avernian beauty for special attention.  He directed the imposing tasker to
rub the gleaming oil over Taleena's luscious body with his bare hands rather
than with the filthy skewered sponge that he had used to oil the other rowers.
Balbinus watched from his vantage point on the poop deck with ill-concealed
delight while Taleena squirmed helplessly on her wooden bench.  For he had given
the tall Aethiopian leave to spend as much time oiling Taleena's rounded
shoulders, her pliable, tapering back, her long supple thighs, and particularly
her  majestic breasts, as he spent oiling all of the other rowers together.
	
	Standing behind her, the tasker gripped Taleena's breasts from the
sides, and, after kneading them until they were slippery-slick, he cupped the
gleaming globes from beneath with the heels of his hands, ignoring the gasping
noises which came from the girl's throat - sounds which grew gradually louder
and fuller as the pressure of his grip increased. His ebony fingers dug deeply
into the yielding, pinkish flesh while he relished his power over the blonde
beauty, marvelling at the soft warmth of her sun-kissed skin, and revelling in
the resilience of her flesh

	He pressed her oil-slick mounds together, and Taleena's face became
contorted with pain as his thumbs and forefingers attacked her turgid nipples,
twisting and tweaking them roughly. While he tried to keep his hold on her
oil-slick breast buds, he teasingly rubbed his huge erection against her back,
and Taleena's gasps turned into whimpers, as the stiffening tips of her breasts
bulged up between the merciless fingers as if trying desperately to escape the
inexorable pressure.
	
	Balbinus, like every member of his crew, and particularly Vinculus, his
malevolent deck officer, envied the tasker his daily ritual of anointing the
Gaul's sensuous body. But performing such a menial, albeit immensely pleasurable
task in full view of the entire crew would have been an action beneath the
dignity of a captain of a Roman merchant ship.  However, he consoled himself
with the thought that soon enough the unending toil and humiliation of the
rowing bench would break Taleena to his will.  One day soon, he was confident,
the headstrong maiden would be kneeling before him begging him to handle her
lush treasures in any way he wished to spare her a return to the oars.  And he
had tastes, nurtured in the licentious fleshpots of Rome, the likes of which
this natural beauty from the Gallic provinces had probably never imagined...

*  *  *

	Taleena's ever-worsening sunburn soon stretched her skin to such a
tautness that the mere rippling of her muscles became painful.  Each lash that
fell on her inflamed back now carried a sting equal to that of three lashes from
the time when her sensitive skin had been unravaged by the sun. And lashed she
was, with what seemed to be ever-increasing frequency,  once the muscular
Aethiopian discerned that laying the nine tails of his whip across her scorched
shoulders drew such cries of anguish from her that her bench mates were spurred
to greater efforts as well.  Fear, the African slave-master knew, was a most
effective instructor.
	                                                
	On the afternoon of the third day out of Alexandria the blinding sun
bore down on the sweat-laved, oil-glistening bodies of the rowing slaves with
unequalled intensity.  When the mid-afternoon break came, Taleena waited
longingly for the water skin to be passed to her.  The tasker began by handing
the shapeless water-bags to the master oarsmen who manned the frontal seats in
each of the two ranks of rowers. Each man took a long deep pull at his bag
before passing it backward to the man behind, while the chains that hampered the
handing-over rattled violently with the eager movements of the thirsty men. 
Watching the water-skin coming closer to her seat, Taleena licked her salty lips
with a tongue as swollen and dry as the sisal sole of a sandal, but just when
the man in front of her passed it over his shoulder,  the tasker stepped
forward, seized it, and handed it to the man behind her.

	"No! You can't ... no!" Taleena cried out in anguish when she saw that
she had been passed over, and turned toward the aisle in a desperate attempt to
wrest the precious water skin from the man behind her.  But the heavy chains at
her wrists pulled her up short.

	 "Captain's orders!" bellowed an angry Kananga, as he punished her
rebelliousness by lashing out with his whip, aiming for her shoulders.  But
Taleena's ill-omened half-turn toward the aisle put her glistening breasts
squarely in the path of the dreadful lash. 
	
	"Aaaiaaaghhh!!" Taleena screamed in agony, as the tasker's stinging
rope-cords grazed her shoulder and then bit into the outer curve of her
sun-tender left breast. But her thirst was such that she swallowed her pain and
her pride.  "Please ... water ... please ..."
	
	The Aethiopian stared silently at his agonized rower, and for a fleeting
moment Taleena thought that she saw a spark of empathy in his dark eyes.  But
the African, she knew, wouldn't dare to offer clemency without his captain's
approval.  Kananga turned toward the stern as he stuffed the whip-stock back
into his leather belt, as if he expected the obese merchant to show some mercy
to his bare-breasted galley wench.
	
	 Balbinus was sitting under a canopy that Symmachus had erected on the
poop deck to shield his captain from the blazing African sun, balancing a goblet
of wine lazily in one hand.  Taleena gazed at the vindictive merchant
imploringly, but he was more interested in the lurid marks on her breast than
her forlorn entreaties. He lifted the glass of wine to his lips and took first a
small sip, and then a longer draught, while Taleena watched in abject misery. 
His stony silence spoke louder than the most emphatic denial, and Taleena fell
back in her chains in despair.  Back in Alexandria the merciless merchant had
warned her that her ordeal would become worse, and he was clearly intent on
keeping his vow.
	
*  *  *

	And from that moment until the Thetis reached its next port of call,
Taleena was given water only at mid-morning and dusk, while her comrades were
given a third portion, in mid-afternoon, when the heat of the day was at its
most unbearable.

	Only the coolness of the evenings brought any comfort to Taleena's
sun-ravaged body,  but she remained troubled and restless even after the sun
went down, as the pale orb of the moon followed its nightly arc across the dark
sky, its slow progression bringing her ever closer to another fourteen-hour
stint under the cruel sun. 
	
	 As a result of her constant thirst and her uncomfortable position
chained to the bench, Taleena never once slept through the night.  On the fourth
night out of Alexandria she woke and stretched in her chains and looked
heavenward, dazzled by the awesome sight of the great hemisphere of stars
sweeping across the horizon - glittering masses of bright dots sharp against the
dark sky. Tomorrow night the moon would be full, she judged, as she sought and
found the sparkling horns of Taurus, and the belt and sword of Orion the Hunter. 
It seemed half a lifetime since that moonlit night in the fragrant grassy meadow
near the river, when Stertius, her lover, had pointed out the constellations and
told her how they had come by their names.  For a moment Taleena reminisced
about those long-ago nights of whispered words and loving embraces.
	
	 But her pleasant romantic reverie was coarsely interrupted by muffled
moans of pleasure coming from Balbinus' cabin in the stern of the ship. Or were
they cries of pain?  Or both?  Regardless, the bestial rutting sounds and the
faint, girlish cries left little doubt that the corpulent merchant had brought
his Flower of the Nile with him from Alexandria.  The disgusting thought of a
sweating Balbinus crushing the fragile body of the Egyptian nymphet under his
massive weight, soon swept Taleena's sweet memories of her romance with Stertius
into the Stygian blackness of the night.

*  *  *

	After three days of reduced water rations Taleena's senses were blurred
by the insidious effects the broiling heat and incessant thirst had had on her
mind.  In her few lucid moments, after her flaxen-haired head had been tossed
back by yet another flesh-searing lash, she glared angrily at the celestial orb,
in hopes that Helios, the sun god, would repay her disrespect by striking her
down with heatstroke.

	But, though her fervent prayer remained unanswered, Taleena refused to
capitulate to her torment. She never knew what power lent her the strength to
withstand her brutal ordeal, but somehow her parched throat and sun-broiled body
held out until the Thetis drew within sight of its destination, the once-mighty
city of Carthage.  Perhaps she was inspired by the thought that Carthage itself
had suffered so greatly at the hands of Rome. Or perhaps it was merely the
knowledge that in Carthage, she had overheard Symmachus say, the crew could
expect several days of shore leave - meaning that the rowers would be granted a
reprieve from the relentless rays of the sweltering sun.

       When the vessel docked, the great volume of cargo that the Thetis had
taken on in Alexandria had to be unloaded, and Balbinus used the next few days
to comb the teeming North African marketplace for a type of cargo that had
become an increasingly important part of his business.  For in recent months,
the demand for fabrics and spices had levelled off and profits had declined. 
But the opportunistic merchant had more than made up for that shortfall by
trading in a new commodity - human flesh.
      
       Balbinus had taken much to heart the ancient maxim, "Caveat Emptor" - let
the buyer beware - and he had made himself a nuisance to every flesh peddler in
North Africa.  It was not uncommon for him to spend hours poking and prodding
the bodies of the young women who were destined to satisfy the jaded tastes of
the voluptuaries of Rome, or the men who would meet the demanding physical
requirements of one Flavius Autronius whose interests included a school for
gladiators on the outskirts of the eternal city.

*  *  *

	Early in the evening of the second day of their sojourn in Carthage,
Taleena was once again dragged away from a wretched, airless waterfront
warehouse to face the cruel Massilian merchant. She and her fellow-rowers had
slept almost continuously after having been deposited in their filthy quarters,
as they let their exhausted bodies recover from their arduous journey.

	Taleena felt icy fingers of fear at her throat when she opened her eyes
to find beetle-browed Vinculus bending over her, unshackling her from a mildewed
wall. But evidently Balbinus had cautioned his deck officer to lose no time in
retrieving her, because Vinculus and Symmachus had groped her only briefly
before chaining her wrists behind her, pulling her to her feet and leading her
forcibly out of the dingy warehouse.
	
	Once they were in the open air, the two sailors kept their hands to
themselves as they led the blonde beauty up the steep steps that had been cut
into the hill overlooking the scenic harbour.  Symmachus had thrown a blanket
over her shoulders for the sake of appearances, but her long, shapely legs were
bare below her ragged loin-cloth, and Taleena blushed to think that every
workman and slave that they passed during their difficult climb probably
pictured her in the arms of their repulsive master.  As they marched her up the
hill, the two cut-throats amused themselves by describing in the coarsest terms
how a pair of red-blooded sailors like themselves would satisfy a ripe-bodied
wench like her, once their effete and aging master tired of playing cat and
mouse with his young slave girl.
	
*  *  *

	The villa Balbinus had chosen as his residence had been constructed in a
style and design that bespoke the splendour of the bygone Punic empire, while
offering numerous concessions to the Roman sense of functionality.  The lavish
domicile was centred among extensive gardens within arrow-flight above the
harbour, situated at the very outskirts of the upper city of Carthage,  and
boasted one of the few aquaeduct connections in the ancient city.
	
	Balbinus was already waiting for them, pompously ensconced in a huge
throne-like chair, as his trusty minions ushered their flaxen-haired prisoner
into his presence.  The grim sound of her rattling chains emphasized Taleena's
feeling of helplessness as they dragged her forward to face their master.  Her
downcast eyes took in the magnificent flooring of red and white chequered marble
that surrounded an elaborate central mosaic, depicting scenes from the Odyssey.
 
	How apt, Taleena thought bitterly, just before Vinculus stripped away
the blanket and gave her a shove that sent her sprawling onto the tessellated
floor. She lay there for a moment, breathing heavily, until she found the
strength to pull herself up onto one knee.  The fatigue and stress of the last
stage of her own odyssey had left their mark on her beautiful face, but the look
of undiluted hatred she flashed at Balbinus attested to her unbroken spirit.

	The complacent merchant cast an appraising eye over the blonde
slave-girl before him, splendid in her exhaustion, the gruelling effects of her
back-breaking toil fresh upon her. "Well, you seem to have gotten a little sun
since our last meeting," Balbinus commented mockingly, as if suggesting that she
had taken a leisurely sun bath. He walked around her slowly, lifting an
interested eyebrow as he studied the impressions Kanaga's rope-whip had left on
her sun-burned back.  He extended a hand and raked the nail of his forefinger
across her sun-inflamed shoulder, watching the skin turn white in his finger's
wake before turning red again.

	Taleena flinched under his touch and started to lunge at her tormentor,
but the chains on her wrists and ankles held her tightly in check.  "Ah, so my
fierce little feline is ready to pounce, is she?" Balbinus sneered mockingly,
confident of her confinement, as his fingers explored the welt the tasker's whip
had left on her breast. Despite the weight of her shackles, Taleena tried to
pull away from his exploring hands, but Balbinus planted a ponderous foot on her
wrist-chains and watched her futile struggles with amusement.  When a frustrated
Taleena at last conceded defeat, he grabbed a handful of blonde hair and yanked
her head back violently.  "You would do well to remember that here, it is I who
am the lion and you who are the mouse."

	After releasing her hair, Balbinus completed his brief circuit of his
eye-catching prisoner. "You have acquired a beautiful tan since our last
meeting," he continued.  Then he turned up his nose in an ostentatious fashion
and crouched down on a thick knee and extended his hands and proceeded to wipe
the residue of rancid olive oil onto Taleena's ragged loincloth.   "But the
scent you have chosen is less than pleasing," he added as he gave her hips a
firm squeeze while his two henchmen greeted his insulting comment with cackles
of derision.  Taleena blushed furiously; had it not been for her shackles, she
would have turned and sprung at the gloating pig and torn the jeers from his
throat by the roots. 
	
	"Vinculus, release our guest from her chains, if you please," Balbinus
directed as he rose, the corners of his fleshy lips turned upward in a
condescending smirk.  

	The scowling Cretan deck officer raised an eyebrow in disbelief, but
obeyed and undid the manacles that held Taleena's wrists. Then he slid the
shackles off her ankles, leaving her unbound for the first time in a fortnight.

	As Taleena rubbed her chafed wrists and eyed the distance between them,
Balbinus glared at her warily.  "I may have had you released from your chains,
my pretty wench," he spoke in a warning voice, "but if you dare to raise a hand
against me, I'll have these two tie you between two pillars of the portico and
Vinculus will give you a flogging that will make you think Kananga a gentle
taskmaster!   Eh, Vinculus?"

	"Aye, Captain," the Cretan growled maliciously, as he gave Taleena's
nude body a squinting once-over that left her petrified with fear.  "I'll tame
her; you just give the word."

	"But for the moment, you may leave us," Balbinus ordered his two
henchmen.  The pair of sailors gazed at him in disbelief, but when their master
gave them a frosty stare, they turned rather sulkily toward the door and exited,
leaving Taleena to wonder what the depraved merchant had in mind.
	
	When they were alone, Balbinus walked around his kneeling prisoner,
eyeing her from all sides. "You are fortunate that I am a forgiving man, my
dear," Balbinus began in his most patronizing manner.  "As I have stated before,
the duration of your stint at the oars in entirely in your hands.  Look around
you, foolish wench!  Can you see tile like this from your seat on the galley
bench?" he said, as he gestured toward the marble floor. "Or silks of this
quality?" he asked as he gestured toward the draperies festooned around the
windows of the entry hall.  "Or precious stones like these?" he demanded as he
waved his pudgy, be-ringed fingers in front of her face.
	
	"There are women from the Peloponnesus to the Pillars of Hercules who
would grovel at my feet to live in this fashion," he went on in the same
boastful tone, cupping Taleena's chin in his hand and forcing her to look at
him. "And yet you would deny me!" he concluded in exasperation.

	Straightening up, the pompous plutocrat clapped his hands, and Nilea,
his submissive Flower of the Nile, shyly entered the room from an adjoining
chamber. Her youthful body was shrouded in a diaphanous two-piece robe, a
shamelessly low-cut azure top that displayed the enticingly wide valley between
her golden-brown breasts, and a high-slit skirt of the same shade of blue that
exposed her slim, bronzed legs.  As she approached them, the gold bracelets that
encircled her wrists and ankles jangled gently with her every graceful stride.

	"Take this stubborn, bedraggled wench to the baths, my sweet," Balbinus
gestured to his youthful concubine. "And see to it that you make a woman of her
again. She will be joining us for dinner tonight." 
	
	  Then he turned to Taleena and continued in a menacing voice: "In case
you have any thought of attempting another escape, let me remind you that I let
you off lightly in Ostia. Do you know what punishment Roman Law provides for a
fugitive slave? Crucifixion! And believe me, I've got more than a few men who
wouldn't mind nailing you to the mast of the Thetis!" 
	
	Taleena flinched in horror, not sure if the furious merchant meant the
words literally or figuratively, but his hard stare and the protruding veins in
his ruddy neck made it clear that the he was deadly serious. 
	
	"And if by some chance you were to manage to slip through my fingers,"
he said, as he pulled Nilea roughly toward him, "this one will take your place
at the mast!"

	 Nilea looked at her master in shocked disbelief, but Balbinus never so
much as glanced in her direction.
	
	 "Now go!" he said, before plodding away portentously.
	
	
*  *  *

	Taleena was still trembling when the young Egyptian slave-girl conducted
her to the baths, a small, low building flanking the backyard of the villa.

	The bath was a single spacious room, dominated by a massive, chest-high
marble dais. Steps led up to the marble platform atop the dais, and countless
oil lamps bathed the room in a warm, glowing light. An elaborate mosaic that
represented Dionysus and his maenads dancing in a setting of leaves and flowers
was set into the ground, while a coloured frieze decorating the walls depicted
more explicit scenes of satyrs and wood nymphs engaged in various couplings,
which only served to attest to the lewd tastes of the master of the house.  

	"Go ahead," Nilea encouraged Taleena, "I'll join you right away."

	Taleena did not wait to be told twice.  She quickly mounted the steps of
the marble platform, eager to quench her thirst and happy to have a chance to
wash the sweat and grime from her body.  But when she had reached the top of the
marble dais, she looked down into the basin in astonishment. 
	
	A basin of some ten feet square was embedded into the large square stone
block, forming a small pool that wasn't quite large enough for swimming, but was
spacious enough to accommodate two or three bathers. Rose petals swam on the
milky white surface of the liquid that filled the basin, and it was the colour
of the water that made Taleena hesitate.

	"Isn't it wonderful? Yes, it's milk!" Nilea enthused from beneath when
she saw Taleena's bemused look. "Milk mixed with fresh water." The girl's eyes
sparkled with child-like excitement. "It's said that queen Cleopatra used to
bathe her body in the milk of a thousand mares to keep her divine skin soft and
smooth. It will serve you well to soothe your dreadful sunburn."
	
	Taleena quickly undid her ragged loin-cloth and descended the steps of
the pool until she stood on its bottom, issuing a long, sensuous sigh when her
heated body was welcomed by the weightless ease of the water. The water was
pleasantly cool, and its pale surface offered an enticing contrast to the
pinkish-brown skin of Taleena's sun-kissed breasts which were only partly
submerged in the milky bath. She let her callused fingers slide under her tender
breasts, stroking their rounded contours as she had been longing to do for days,
to soothe the dull ache caused by the countless pulls at her heavy oar.

	Although the touch of the water against a back well-marked by the
tasker's stern diligence made her shiver, Taleena took a deep breath and slid
below the surface for a long moment.  When her dripping head and shoulders
emerged from the water again, she stroked her blonde hair away from her closed
eyes, gathering it behind her with both hands, issuing another sigh of pleasure.

	Nilea stood at the edge of the pool holding a large silver goblet,
staring wide-eyed at the statuesque blonde from a distant land.  Taleena's
hair-grasping motion had lifted her breasts entirely out of the rose-petaled
bath and Nilea watched in awe-struck admiration as meandering, milky-white
rivulets trickled slowly and sensually over the curves of Taleena's sumptuous
breasts.  Even her inexperienced eye was enchanted by the way the clean,
well-defined lines of the blonde slave-girl's oar-toned arms provided a striking
aesthetic contrast to the smooth, feminine softness of her luscious mounds.
	
	"I have brought you something to drink," Nilea said softly, rousing
Taleena from her pleasurable reverie. Taleena opened her blue eyes, and for the
first time sensed the younger girl's frankly admiring gaze.  The Egyptian girl
had made it up to the top of the platform, and was kneeling alongside the rim of
the pool. "Here.  You must be thirsty."   Nilea held out the goblet, and Taleena
took it gratefully with both hands, and drank from it eagerly, emptying the
beaker in one go. 

	The drink was a blend of exotic juices flavoured with coconut and mint,
but even if it had only been fresh spring water Taleena would have welcomed it
as if it had been served by Ganymede, the cup bearer of the gods. For far too
long her senses had brought her only pain, unleavened by even the simplest of
human pleasures.  "That was good," she sighed as she handed the goblet back to
the Egyptian, smiling faintly. "Thank you."
	
	The dark-eyed nymphet smiled benignly in return as she refilled the
beaker. Then she straightened up and undid the knot that held her blue bodice
together.  The two panels fell neatly apart, allowing her beautiful, plum-shaped
breasts to spill forth.  Nilea shrugged out of the top and then undid a clasp at
the waistband of her skirt, letting it fall to the tiled floor, revealing her
nut-brown legs and the few dark wisps of girlish pubic hair at the juncture of
her thighs.

	Taleena watched the now-naked girl stepping down into the pool, struck
by the way that the faint, flickering light given off by the oil lamps seemed to
throw a dark shadow across the upper slopes of Nilea's breasts.  It was only
when the Egyptian girl had stepped into the water and drawn within arm's length,
that Taleena realized that the shadow was actually a pair of livid welts, one on
each girlish breast.  But what struck Taleena even more were the small, golden
rings that adorned the tips of Nilea's breasts, sparkling brightly in the
glimmering lamp-light. The gluttonous merchant had apparently seen fit to
emulate Midas since his Flower of the Nile had presented her honey-tipped
nipples to him in Alexandria...

	Taleena tried not to stare, but it was hard to tear her eyes away from
the tiny golden rings which had been forced so cleanly through Nilea's enticing
nipples. It was impossible not to picture the struggling girl, held fast, no
doubt, by a pair of Balbinus' servitors, while a goldsmith or the wicked
merchant himself pierced a heated pin, or some similar implement, through the
sensitive buds of her quivering breasts. Taleena shuddered in feminine empathy
and then looked up to see that Nilea had answered her horrified expression with
a patient smile.  .

	"I know what you are thinking, Taleena," Nilea said. "But do not concern
yourself. Master Balbinus gave me these," she said, indicating the dark marks on
her still-growing breasts, "because I distrusted him, even though he has been so
kind to me," she said sweetly, gesturing toward their luxurious surroundings. 
"The pain is almost gone now."

	"And... the rings," she continued, bringing a finger to touch one of the
golden hoops, "I... I asked for them."
	
	"You asked for them?!" Taleena repeated in shocked disbelief.

	"Why, of course!  After the master told me that only the priestesses of
Isis may wear such jewellery. Are they not beautiful?" Nilea asked as she lifted
a breast so that its golden ring reflected the shimmering light given off by a
nearby lamp.   With a serene face, she looked at her bewildered, golden-haired
companion, who could not bring herself to ask this sultry, credulous beauty how
she could possibly believe such nonsense.   "But when I saw how the rings would
be inserted," the young Egyptian continued, "I panicked and tried to break
free."  She gingerly touched the marks on her young breasts and added.  "Our
master was forced to strike me with his cane to instill in me the courage and
fortitude that a priestess of Isis must display."	

	Taleena could hardly believe the naivete of the girl, which was almost
as difficult to credit as Balbinus' cruelty. She was just about to reply, but
then she closed her eyes and leaned back against the edge of the pool, willing
herself to refrain from making a disparaging remark to her charming, but
ingenuous young friend.  

	The two young women continued to luxuriate in the soothing, scented bath
until Nilea broke the silence.  "Let me comb your hair," she said, reaching for
the large ivory comb she had brought to the bath along with a pair of sea
sponges. "When your hair is done, I'll wash your back, if you like."

	Taleena returned the dark-eyed beauty's soft smile. The girl might be
naively submissive to her cruel master, but she clearly had a good heart.  She
turned obediently, offering her back to the Egyptian girl, and placed her hands
on the rim of the pool while Nilea combed her hair. It took the dark-skinned
daughter of the Nile a while to run the comb through the wet, tangled tresses,
but when she had finished, Taleena's hair cascaded once again over her shoulders
like a smooth, gold-glistening stola.
	
	"And now for your back, if you don't mind," Nilea whispered softly.  At
Nilea's direction Taleena hoisted herself halfway out of the basin, so that the
front of her torso came to rest on the marble platform, while her exposed rear
rested against the rim of the pool, just above the shimmering surface of the
milk bath.
	
	"I... I saw how they treated you on board ship," Nilea whispered as she
swept Taleenas hair aside to bare her back. "And I cried too, when I heard you
cry out under the lash."  Nilea had climbed out of the pool and was now kneeling
alongside Taleena, dipping the sponge into the cool water, and squeezing it out
over first one shoulder and then the other. Then she touched the sponge to the
Gaul's welt-streaked back softly, being very careful not to stretch the welts
and thus to rekindle the burning pain.

	"You must not let them do this to you," the sad-eyed Egyptian said
softly as she stared at the cruel marks on Taleena's sunburned back. "Please do
as Master Balbinus wishes.  It is senseless for a woman like yourself to toil at
the oars of a galley, chained to the bench among murderers and thieves!"
	
	"I will never give in," Taleena replied vehemently, unconscious of how
her hips ground sensuously against the edge of the basin in response to Nilea's
caressing touch. "Never!  Not after what that filthy swine has done to me!"
Taleena's voice almost broke at the memory of her dreadful ordeal.  "Did
Balbinus put you up to telling me this?" she snapped angrily.

	"N-no," replied Nilea in a hurt voice. "I tell you this because ..." she
stopped herself suddenly and began to work the sponge into the soft crease
between Taleena's buttocks, wiping the curved flesh with a series of firm,
circular caresses until the pale skin gleamed. Taleena gritted her teeth as she
felt the unfamiliar touch of a woman between her legs, but slowly she began to
relax when Nilea's sponge slid further down to the backs of her thighs.

	"Please, Taleena," the girl added imploringly, "submit yourself to our
master's will.  It will be so much easier for you if you do. He can be very
generous - look around you! How can you deny yourself these luxuries - the
baths, the perfumes, the fine clothes, the exquisite food...?"

	Annoyed by her insistence, Taleena spun around to face the Egyptian
sylph.  She was about to blurt out angrily that she would never play the whore
to the perverse whims of Balbinus, when she realized that such an outburst would
only hurt the feelings of this young girl who, in her own way, had come to terms
with her fate.   Instead she forced herself to simply murmur, "I do not care for
luxuries that come at such a price," in soft, measured tones.

	"But what choice do you have, Taleena?" Nilea replied with a winning
smile.  "What choice do I have? Master Balbinus knows that we like such things,
and he is willing to provide them to us." Nilea held the sopping sponge out and
then squeezed it, causing the milky fluid to drip lazily down onto Taleena's
pink-tipped breasts.

	"He is not that bad, you know. I have had worse.  The master from whom
Balbinus bought me used to ..." Nilea's voice trailed off, leaving the sentence
unfinished.  "It is true that my master enjoys forcing his will upon us," she
then continued in a lower voice. "But I think he truly believes, deep inside
himself, that this is what we want, too. That it is a woman's place and her duty
to submit to a man, especially a man as rich and powerful as he."   Nilea sighed
plaintively.  "You and me, we could become friends," she went on, in the voice
of a lost child who had never had a friend.  "It would be nice to have you for
company." But then her eyes saddened suddenly as she stared at the fullness of
Taleena's milk-drenched breasts. "But maybe Balbinus would not want me anymore
once you were his... concubine," she added glumly. "You are such a beautiful
woman. And I am only a girl."   The hand with the sponge fell sadly to her side.

	"But you are a beautiful girl," Taleena replied consolingly, not
bothering to add that it was very likely Nilea's youthful naivete which most
appealed to her depraved master. "Have no fear on that score.  And have no fear
that I will come between you and Balbinus, because I have no intention of
becoming his ... concubine."  Touched by the girl's attempts at kindness, she
added warmly.  "And you are a very nice girl, as well. Balbinus does not deserve
you."

	Nilea smiled gratefully.  "Please, Taleena," the Egyptian said,
regarding her with sad eyes, "You must comply with his wishes ... and soon.  
When you asked me if Balbinus had ordered me to speak to you as I have - well,
he did not... at least not in so many words.  But I have heard them talking ..."
	
	"Them?" Taleena repeated, questioningly.
	
	"Oh yes!" The panicky expression on Taleena's face gave Nilea all the
encouragement she needed to continue.  "If Balbinus were to lose patience with
you, the little man, the one with the evil eyes ..."
	
	"Vinculus!" Taleena breathed softly.  "He would not dare!"
	
	"But what if you were no longer under Balbinus' 'protection'?  Think
about it, Taleena.  I could not stand to see them hurt you."
	
	"Hurt me even more?" answered Taleena, trying to control her voice.

	"Not Master Balbinus, I don't think," Nilea replied. "But the little
man... I saw him speaking to the master earlier. I could not make out what they
were saying, but when the man with the evil eyes spoke, I saw a dark shadow
cross my master's face.  And then he answered with a cruel laugh."  Nilea looked
around to make sure that they were still alone and then leaned forward.  "He is
a serpent, that sailor," she whispered in an agitated voice.  "I am sure of it. 
Please, Taleena.  Only Balbinus can protect you from him."

	Nilea's heartfelt warning banished all thoughts of relaxation from
Taleena's mind.  With a haunted look she surveyed her opulent surroundings more
purposefully, considering several possible avenues of escape, before rejecting
them all.  She did not doubt for a moment that Balbinus would keep his venomous
promise to exact a cruel revenge on Nilea, if his prized galley-slave were
somehow to escape his clutches.  Given his vow, there was little point in
plotting a flight, no matter how favourable the opportunity.

	Finally Nilea rose, indicating that it was the hour of the day when she
was supposed to attend Balbinus.  She left Taleena alone, telling the
flaxen-haired Gaul to feel free to luxuriate in the pool for as long as she
wished.   Grateful for the peaceful respite, and the creamy-white sea of milk
that soothed skin that had been ravaged by weather and whip, Taleena lay back in
the bath.  After a few minutes, the strength-draining weeks at the oar took
hold, and Taleena's fears relaxed their steely grip on her taut nerves, and she
succumbed to sleep's welcoming arms and dreamt of the fragrant pastures of her
homeland.

*  *  *

	Taleena spent almost an hour in the soothing waters until Nilea
reappeared to prepare her for dinner. The Egyptian rubbed precious cream and
perfume all over her skin,  trimmed, parted and polished her nails, and plucked
hairs with silver tweezers from her armpits so skilfully that Taleena hardly
felt a pang.
	
	While she did Taleena's hair, the friendly girl mentioned in passing
that her former master had run a barber's shop in Alexandria.  Taleena could
tell that the girl had learned her trade well when she piled her blonde tresses
up, holding them in place with golden pins and small ivory combs. Finally Nilea
helped her don a long, flowing stola, the elegant full-length gown worn by Roman
women.  The stola was a virginal white in colour, but fringed with a blue that
matched the colour of Taleena's eyes. The Daughter of the Nile then slipped a
golden necklace with a lapis lazuli pendant of that same azure hue around
Taleena's bare neck, and then offered her glittering golden bangles for her
wrists and ankles.  When Nilea had completed her preparations, nobody who had
not seen Taleena on the Thetis with his own eyes, could have imagined that the
elegant beauty Nilea had dressed had been bent naked over the oar of a galley
not two days before.

*  *  *

	Darkness had descended over the estate as Nilea led Taleena onto the
large terrace of the villa, which overlooked the harbour of Carthage.  The
terrace had been illuminated by a pleasing combination of torches, candelabrae
and scented oil lamps, which together, with the moonlight, gave the terrace a
certain aura of nocturnal enchantment. Far below them, from the waterline, came
the occasional splash of oars from a couple of fishing boats that rowed between
the moored vessels, setting out for a catch.  From a greater distance yellow
lights winked across the Bay of Tunis, and the chirping of countless crickets
from the gardens provided natural background music.

	Three couches were arranged in horseshoe fashion around a table that had
been sumptuously laid out with dishes trimmed with gold. Balbinus had ordered a
dinner such as Taleena had never seen before, not even at the wealthy senatorial
estate of the Camilli - and Camillus Verus had been a well-known host at
Lugdunum, famous for his exquisite dinner parties all over the Gallic provinces.
Those Lucullan repasts had been as luxurious as they had been expensive, but
they had always managed to display a taste, an understatement, that was utterly
foreign to the crass nature of Balbinus. The gluttonous merchant would never
understand that sometimes less could be more, and that the line between
lavishness and vulgarity was finer than a silken thread.

	Once the threesome had reclined, four slaves appeared, bearing on their
shoulders a model ship, almost as long as a man, surfing on a sea of shimmering
mussel shells. The slaves approached the table, sank to their knees and with
difficulty slid the miniature vessel, prow first, across the table. It was
entirely decked out with an array of seafood that would have impressed Neptune
himself.  Succulent oysters, flame-coloured lobsters, three varieties of
long-legged crabs, juicy scallops baked in their elegant shells, slippery sea
urchins, and others whose names Taleena did not know.  In the center of the long
boat was a bowl of quails' eggs seasoned with chopped anchovies, all served
along with a light, honey-sweetened wine.

	Balbinus presided at the head of the table, and for once he behaved
himself quite well as he helped himself to the vast variety of delicacies. The
host did his best to impress Taleena by describing the contents of the various
exotic dishes, never failing, in the manner of the vulgar rich, to attach a
price to everything.
	
	But to a young woman who had tasted nothing but stale gruel in weeks,
Balbinus' ostentatious posturings were of little concern. She was so hungry that
she had to force herself not to bolt the food down like an animal, if only to
withhold that satisfaction from Balbinus.  In between bites, the merchant cast
an amused eye toward his ravenous guest, gesturing now and then for a servant to
refill her glass. Taleena had been well-fed at the home of Camillus Verus, but
never had she dined like this.  Thanks in part, to the wine, the very first sip
of which had sent a delightful tingle through her body, for the first time in
many days she began to feel relaxed and almost at ease.

	The second course consisted of procession of poultry - roasted quails
and grilled thrushes, pheasants stuffed with a stew of nightingales' livers,
together with vintage Alban flavoured with herbs grown only on the North African
coast near Cyrene, which Taleena knew from her days at the Camilli household to
be rare and extremely expensive.

	For dessert, the slaves served figs and pastries covered in wine jelly,
and a giggling Nilea teased the lounging Lucullus at the head of the table by
popping one sweet after another into his capacious gullet. The girl obviously
liked being the center of attention, and Taleena almost envied her the naive
ability to enjoy herself in spite of Balbinus' coarseness and vulgarity.  A
strange pairing - the disgusting middle-aged reprobate seemed to be genuinely
fond of his frisky young pet, and in return, the petite sylph seemed anxious to
please her pompous master.

	Balbinus slid over onto Taleena's couch and held one of the figs out to
her, luring her as Nilea had lured him.  Her head light from the wine, and her
body almost floating on the luxurious couch, Taleena leaned her head back and
allowed Balbinus to lower the fruit to her lips.   She took a bite and closed
her eyes, enjoying the sweetness of its taste.  
	
	Growing more confident with each passing moment, Balbinus edged closer
to Taleena and slid one fleshy arm around her, and for once she did not back
away from him.  Balbinus was pleased with himself: the appeal of nectar and
ambrosia, aided by the seductive powers of Bacchus, had succeeded where weeks of
brutal treatment on the rowing bench had failed.   Tonight, at last, he would
possess this golden-haired daughter of Diana.  And soon even his peers in Rome
would envy his possession of this latter-day Helen of Troy.
	
	His passion fully roused, Balbinus pulled Taleena's wine-weakened body
closer still, until he could feel the warmth of her thigh against his own. "Now,
my sweet," he said in a caressing voice, "are you not pleased that I got rid of
that churlish peasant back in Lugdunum?  Could a man like him have offered you
an evening such as this?"   

	Until the very moment that Balbinus dismissed Stertius in this insulting
fashion, Taleena had been on the verge of succumbing to the pleasant temptations
of food, drink and luxury. But the mention of her lover caused her to sit up and
glare at Balbinus with eyes that made the sparkling lapis lazuli at her throat
seem dull indeed. Once again the complacent merchant had overplayed his hand.

	"Then it was you!" she raged.  "I always guessed that it was you who
caused him to flee!"
	
	Balbinus instantly realized that he had made a grievous error when
Taleena tore herself free from his grip. "What have you done to Stertius," she
spat out. "I knew that he would never have abandoned me. Did you hurt him? Did
you..." She left the terrible alternative unspoken.

	"I... my men ... simply persuaded the fool that you would be far better
off with me," Balbinus adopted the role of one who had been unfairly maligned. 
"He was only too reasonable," Balbinus added slyly, "it only took a few
sesterces to convince him ..."

	"Liar!!" Taleena stormed, the pain of scores of lashes in her voice. "He
would never have betrayed me. Never!  Especially to one such as you!"
	
	"Every man can be bought, Taleena.  And every woman," Balbinus added,
tilting a provocative eyebrow in Nilea's direction, before adding smugly to
Taleena.  "It is only a question of price. But the fool knew nothing of
business," Balbinus added with a licentious leer, as his eyes dropped to
Taleena's heaving breasts. "He didn't even know the value of his own
merchandise."
	
	"Bastard!!"  Taleena flew at him, and caught the heavy-set merchant off
balance and landed on top of him, clawing at him, anxious to repay him for every
indignity, every insult, every lash.  But she only got one or two blows in,
before a sobbing Nilea grabbed her arms from behind.  "Please ... Taleena ...
please.  You are only making things worse."
	
	Aided by Nilea's intervention, Balbinus used his massive bulk to throw
Taleena to the floor, and then he reached for the knife one of the slaves had
used to carve the pheasant and brandished it menacingly.
	
	  But Taleena was unafraid.  "Go ahead! Kill me, you pig! You have taken
everything else from me.  Take my life, too!"  She  made a movement to throw
herself on the long blade but Balbinus pulled it back and instead swung the back
of his knife-holding hand, and struck Taleena heavily across the face, sending
her sprawling backward onto the banquet table, sending shells, and bones and
wine-glasses flying into the air.

	"Summon the guards, Nilea," Balbinus hissed.  "Hurry!"
	
	Nilea, still sobbing, glanced at her master, who towered over the fallen
slave-girl, his ruddy face apoplectic with rage.  And then at the half-stunned
blonde, whose head had hit the table squarely when she had fallen backward. The
woman she had wanted for a friend.
	
	"I said, 'Summon the guards', Nilea! What are you waiting for?!"
	
	Nilea, frozen with indecision, hesitated, and then, seeing the wrathful
expression on her master's face, gave Taleena a sorrowful glance and rushed for
the door, sobbing convulsively
	
	By the time Taleena had woozily regained her feet, Vinculus and
Symmachus had burst onto the terrace, a distraught Nilea in their wake.
	
	"Well," Balbinus wheezed as he struggled to catch his breath.  "Once
again I have offered you the easy path, and you have chosen the hard one," he
gloated, after the sailors had pinioned Taleena's arms behind her.  "You are
stubborn, Taleena,, but you will see that Balbinus does not give up easily
either. I mean to break you, and break you, I will.  You will pay for this
little outburst, at a time of my choosing.  And in the end, I assure you, you
shall give yourself as willingly to me as she does."

	Taleena glanced at the teary-eyed Egyptian.  Nilea could not bear to
face her, and turned her soft brown eyes away in shame.

	"Do not reproach yourself, Nilea," she said gently.  "You have made your
choice."  Then she turned back to Balbinus and threw him a glance that a gorgon
would have envied.  "And I have made mine.  Do your worst, merchant, but when
you wake in the middle of the night, when you are alone with your soul, remember
these words:  For all of your riches, Stertius was worth a dozen of you!  And
for all you can force me to endure, you will never win my heart like Stertius
did!"

	Balbinus, his face contorted with rage, made a movement with the knife,
but stopped himself.  Then the faint beginnings of a hideous smile began to curl
across his thick lips.  He leaned forward and undid the pendant around Taleena's
throat as he whispered in her ear.  "Very well, then.  Let our struggle for
mastery continue. Besides," he winked to the sailors, as he raised his voice so
that his henchmen could hear him, "Our journey back to Massilia would not be
half so enjoyable without the sight of your lovely body!"  Balbinus leered at
Taleena evilly as his grease-stained hand lifted her chin up too make sure that
she did not ignore him.  "And the sound of your screams!"

	"Take her away!" he concluded with an imperious wave of his hand.


*  *  *

	And so Taleena found herself back on the bench once more. The elegant
stola she had been allowed to wear for that one evening was gone, and the iron
manacles which shackled her to the bench replaced the golden bangles she had
worn around wrists and ankles on that disastrous dinner. All that reminded her
on the fleeting life of luxury was the perfume that coated her naked body,
wafting its way toward her nostrils. But even this lovely fragrance became
whitewashed by the stench of rancid olive oil when the tasker applied the
disgusting sunscreen with undiminished gusto.

	Taleena's frightful odyssey took her to Caesarea, and on to Tingis, then
over the Herculean Straits to the Iberian Peninsula, up to Gades. At each stop
Balbinus once again posed the fateful question, "Will you submit?" and on each
occasion his sun- and whip-ravaged galley slave denied him, only to be rewarded
with more back-breaking hours at the oars. 

	Surprisingly, toiling in naked drudgery under the amused eye of a
disgusting brute who took delight in watching her well-oiled body labouring at
the enslaving oar was no longer the worst of Taleena's ordeals. Even more
dispiriting was the knowledge that the cruel monotony of the rowing, along with
the mind-searing sun, had begun to exert a blunting effect on her mind. Even at
night, when she tried to nurse the wounds she had sustained during the day, she
had caught herself going through the eternal cycle of dip, pull and lift. While
her body had been able to withstand the tortures involved in her dreadful toil,
she sensed that the endless, mindless routine would slowly, but inevitably
hollow out her will, depriving her of her determination to endure her ordeal,
and rendering her into another one of those dull creatures who propelled the
Thetis through the Roman Sea.
	
	Gradually, the galley made its way up the Spanish coast, on its way back
to Balbinus' base at Massilia.  With each passing day Balbinus seemed to become
more and more disenchanted by his cruel, yet unsatisfying game.  Taleena could
only guess that his Flower of the Nile, hoping to avoid the dreadful fate of her
fair-skinned counterpart, had done her best to satisfy the perverse appetites of
master. For indeed, the exploitation of Nilea's girlish body seemed to 
restrain, for a time, the fat merchant's depraved desires to subject the proud
Avernian to his cruel will.

	 However, once the circuitous Mediterranean journey had been completed,
and the Thetis was safely moored in the Massilian harbour, Balbinus decided to
play the final card in his vicious quest to break the indomitable spirit of his
Gallic galley slave. 



XIV.
	
	Lying on the plank bed in her cell at the Ludus Flavianus, Taleena had
sunk partway into a troubled slumber, nearly overcome by the horror of her
memories.  It had been weeks since her stay in Massilia, but she was still
plagued by nightmarish visions of those dreadful days, visions which crept out
of the deepest recesses of her soul where she had hoped to lock them away
forever. 

*  *  *
	
	She had been brought before Balbinus once again, this time at his
Massilian residence, freshly bathed and clad by the helpful Nilea. When she had
rejected the evil merchant for that final time, he had spoken to her in a voice
seemingly indifferent, but with undertones of ruthlessness that had left even
the brave Avernian maiden trembling with fear. "Since our noble rower seems so
reluctant to leave the company of her fellow oarsmen," he had growled, winking
wickedly at Vinculus and Symmachus who, as always, had brought her before him,
"I have decided that we should let her have her wish!  Take her back to that
fine villa in which I house them, so that our gallant galley slaves can become
better acquainted with their beautiful benchmate!"       
                                                                                                                          
	His salacious tone left little doubt as to his meaning, and Taleena felt
her blood run cold.  The 'fine villa' from which she had been dragged hours
earlier was a mildewed, murky prison and asylum for men who had been turned into
animals by years of slavery and abuse.  She had not thought that even Balbinus,
who, for his other crimes, deserved to spend eternity in the darkest corner in
Tartarus, could be capable of throwing her to those ravenous creatures.  From
the first moment she had been dragged half-nude through their ranks to her place
on the bench they had seemed to her more like earth-bound vultures than the
human souls to whom their mothers had given birth. Taleena had always relied on
the fact that Balbinus' perverse pride of possession would never allow his most
prized belonging to be desecrated and abused by the lowliest of his chattel. 
But his anger at her defiance seemed finally to have tipped the scales in the
direction of vengeance rather than pride.

	Taleena fought tooth and nail as the unsavoury pair of sailors seized
her arms to drag her away, but Balbinus was not quite done with her yet.  "And
Vinculus," he said, as he turned toward his crewmen, "because of your loyal
service in this matter, I shall give you both leave to amuse yourself with her
before you give her to the ... hands of her bench-mates.  But see to it that she
suffers no serious injury. After all," he chuckled with Caligulan glee, "we will
need her to brighten our rowing bench on our next journey!"

*  *  *

	After Balbinus' henchmen had dragged Taleena outside, and safely out of
view of the villa, Vinculus and Symmachus exchanged a few words in Greek,
obviously in an attempt to exclude the possibility of her overhearing their
plans. Taleena strained unsuccessfully to understand the two plotters, but could
only make out brief snatches of their conversation. But she could see that
Symmachus had listened intently to his vindictive partner, and when the
dark-eyed deck officer had finished, an evil smile crossed the carpenter's face

	As the threesome continued their descent back down the hill toward the
bleak, ugly building where the galley slaves were housed, Taleena's felt her
heart pounding as each stride drew her a step closer to a frightful encounter
with her bestial benchmates.  But much to her surprise, the two sailors led her
past that sinister building, and further down the hill toward the town, while
Taleena wondered at this sudden change of plan.

	The oarsmen to whom Balbinus had consigned her were never to know of
their ill fortune, because Vinculus and Symmachus quickly marched their
beautiful prisoner toward a den of their own in a harbour district known for its
lawlessness and vice. Only a pair of fools, Vinculus had snarled to his comrade,
would offer such priceless booty to worthless galley slaves, when the
opportunity of plundering the luscious blonde slave-girl to their heart's
content was at hand.  Had not every member of the crew dreamt of such a moment
since that memorable morning when the long-legged Gaul had been ushered to her
seat on the bench?  Had not every sailor on the Thetis looked on with eager eyes
while those first gusts of wind had disturbed the flimsy bit of white fabric
which fought to conceal her magnificent body. Now that Balbinus had declared her
fair game, they could throw self-restraint to those same winds, free to realize
the depraved dreams which had so long inhabited their fantasies...


*  *  *

	As they proceeded down the hill into the gloomy harbour district toward
whatever fearful destination the Fates had chosen for her, Taleena was reminded
of the stories Eudoclus had told of the visits of Odysseus and Aeneas to the
underworld.  In the murky twilight, even the most innocuous of passers-by seemed
to turn into shades of the night. The friendliest of homes would have seemed
somehow sinister, but the part of the city toward which they descended seemed to
look upon her not as a guest, but as prey to satisfy its darker desires.  
	
	The sailors' den was a small, ramshackle barrack, almost at the base of
the sloping hillside that led downward to the sea, much closer to the wharves of
Massilia than to Balbinus' villa in the inland heights. As soon as the threesome
turned off the main road, the settling darkness greeted their passing through a
series of curved streets that seemed to narrow at every turn.  The houses became
meaner as the pair of grim-faced pedestrians paraded their unfortunate prisoner
through foul-smelling streets that were littered with refuse and filth. The
windows of that disreputable quarter of the city were closely latched with thick
wooden shutters which seemed shabby in the fading daylight, and a faint, fishy
gust of wind from the waterline added to the unpleasant sights and smells of the
decaying neighbourhood.  

	 As they passed, hard-eyed men and a few older boys standing in dingy
doorways peered at them through the twilight, ogling the shapely captive and
casting envious glances at the determined men who held her tightly by the arms. 
Even if Vinculus had not warned her to remain silent, Taleena knew that crying
out for help would be to no avail.  None of these hostile, leering denizens of
the doorways would have dreamed of lifting a hand to assist a helpless
slave-girl against her rightful master or his agents.

	It was still early in the evening, but the taverns, wine shops and
brothels in the harbour district had already begun to fill with customers,
attracting sailors and pleasure-seeking citizens alike. Vinculus and Symmachus,
their struggling young captive in tow, turned into a dismal dead-end street and
slowed their pace, giving their flaxen-haired prisoner a chance to take in her
surroundings.  As they proceeded down the seedy street, Taleena's eye was caught
by a sinister-looking establishment, and a faint, reddish gleam given off by
unseen lamps filtered through the openings in the shutters. A crudely drawn sign
which depicted an erect phallus and a pair of bullish testicles dangled above
its door, leaving no doubt as to the nature of the commerce practiced within.

	"N-no," she pleaded, as the nature of her fate became more and more
clear.  But the burly Cilician carpenter ignored her, shouldering his way past a
group of loitering men whose ruddy faces were flushed by heat and wine.
Symmachus led the threesome through the door of a small, ramshackle building
opposite the sinister-looking bar, and into a dingy vestibule. From upstairs
came the sound of a sailor's song played on pan-pipes, punctuated by thumps on
the floorboards and occasional outbursts of coarse, male laughter.

	The single-minded sailors exchanged annoyed glances, plainly irritated
by the idea that they would have company, but dragged Taleena up a decrepit,
debris-strewn staircase. When they entered the first room at the top of the
landing, they were welcomed by a group of wine-drinking sailors who sat around a
huge table. Some of them were crewmen of the Thetis, but there were others, as
well, whom Taleena did not recognize. Taleena glanced imploringly at each one in
turn, grateful for their presence, and hoping to appeal to their sympathy.  She
was certain that were it not for these men, her two captors would have thrown
themselves upon her immediately.  But as she watched a sly smile steal across
Vinculus' dark-browed face, she grew more and more fearful that the cunning
little man would find a way to turn this unexpected situation to his advantage.

	Within moments, the cruel Cretan was going from man to man, collecting
money from his unexpected guests.  He sent one of the sailors off to buy more
wine, and then he ordered Taleena to serve the sailors, admonishing her to
refill their crude goblets as soon as a cup was half-drained, and promising dire
punishments should a sailor's glass ever be empty. 
	
	The impatient mariners kept her moving every second, as they laughed and
drank and exchanged ribald tales of depraved adventures in other ports of call. 
With so many bodies in a small room Taleena was soon perspiring profusely as she
circled the table with pitcher after pitcher of wine, enduring stoically the
weathered hands that reached under her brief tunic to grope her bare thighs with
ever-increasing boldness.

	Her stint as tavern-wench ended unexpectedly when a newcomer appeared in
the doorway.  The room erupted with shouts of "Bikira!" for it was indeed the
portly pace-drummer of the Thetis who now entered, carrying a tambour under his
arm.  "Beat a tune on your drum, Bikira," Vinculus exclaimed.  "So that our
serving-wench can dance for us!"  Taleena backed away shaking her head 'no', but
Vinculus merely stared at her contemptuously.  "Or would you rather dance for
the scum you row with," he sneered, knowing that she had no real choice. 

	The unknown sailor with the pan-pipes resumed the tune he had played
earlier, but this time at a livelier pace, which was given added life by the
rhythm the big-bellied African pounded out on his tightly-stretched drum.  "On
the table, wench, so everyone can see," Vinculus added with a salacious leer as
the sailors cheered excitedly.

	Blushing furiously, but having no real choice, Taleena allowed several
groping hands to push her on to the low table, and she began to dance
half-heartedly to the sensuous tune. "Faster, woman, unless you wish to dance to
a different tune!"  Taleena glanced at the impatient speaker, recognizing the
resonant voice of Kananga, the tasker, who stood at the far end of the table,
fingering his own instrument, the whip that hung from his heavy belt.

	Taleena swallowed with difficulty and tried to keep pace with the agile
flautist, dancing and spinning from man to man as Bikira quickened the tempo
until the rhythm of his drum took on the primitive driving impulse of a pagan
ritual. In such a frenzied atmosphere it was no wonder that the once-broad
circle of figures around the table drew closer, until none of the seven or eight
men were more than an arm's length away from the long-legged beauty on the
table.  When the dance had begun, Taleena had still been wearing the filmy tunic
Nilea had given her to wear for Balbinus, but with each sensual pirouette,
eager, grasping, insistent hands tugged and tore at the fabric, gradually
revealing more and more of her splendid body, until at last one wild-eyed
drunken sailor clambered unsteadily atop the table and stripped the remnants of
Taleena's gown from her nude body while his comrades cheered his enterprise with
raucous cries of approval

	Even though Bikira's drum still pounded, what had begun as a dance soon
degenerated into a desperate, hopeless flight from one pair of groping hands to
another.  For an hour the sailors passed her nude body back and forth, as they
emptied their glasses time and again, and with every amphora of wine they
emptied they grew bolder, more licentious.  Some of them took particular
pleasure in anointing Taleena's lovely breasts with rubicund puddles of wine
which they proceeded to lick from her flesh with greedy mouths, nuzzling her
wine-red nipples as if they were the most luscious of berries. She had struggled
desperately to escape the lewd caresses, and with some success, since she was
both sober and slippery. Once or twice she came close to breaking free from
their drunken grasp, like a fish from a fisherman's clutching hands, but in the
end she stood no chance, and soon the hands were everywhere, around her, on her,
under her, inside her.

*  *  *

	But while their comrades' greedy hands explored Taleena's slippery,
wine-soaked body,   Vinculus and Symmachus slipped away into an adjoining room
to prepare the way for even darker pleasures. Using their combined
craftsmanship, the roper and the carpenter had constructed an elaborate
contraption, a sinister means of restraint that Vinculus had dubbed the Sicilian
Sling, boasting about the good time he and his crony Symmachus had had using it
in a brothel in the sultry city of Syracuse.
	
	The intimidating device featured a sturdy wooden bar that was slightly
narrower than a doorway, suspended from a sturdy ceiling beam by means of ropes
and pulleys. A length of coarse, heavy ship's hawser dangled from either end of
the bar, and once Taleena had been brought to the room, they quickly lashed her
joined wrists to the centre of the overhead bar which was just with reach if she
stood on her toes.

	Once Taleena was securely bound to the bar the evil Cretan deftly passed
the loose end of the hawser between her legs, slipping it around her left thigh
and forming a tight-fitting sling.  Then he clambered onto a footstool and tied
the tail end of the thigh-sling to the left side of the overhead bar.  His
skilful hands were a blur as he put his countless hours of rope-work to good
use, repeating the process on her right leg.  When he was done with the sling,
he signalled to Symmachus to hoist the bar a little higher, thus lifting
Taleena's sweat-soaked naked body a hand's width off the ground. 

	The naked young blonde groaned as her tautly-stretched arms and
shoulders were forced to bear some of her weight, but her weeks of pulling the
heavy oar had prepared her body well for this ordeal.  Her fingers clenched the
bar in reflex, as her pendant posture caused the slings to tighten around her
shapely legs, cutting into the soft flesh of her inner thighs and spreading them
at the same time.
	
	At this point Vinculus turned and began to outline the possibilities of
the diabolical contraption to the sailors who had followed him after he had come
to retrieve his voluptuous prisoner.  After proudly extolling the finer points
of his device he stepped behind the girl in the sling and ran his greedy fingers
up and down her nude body while he announced, "There you have her, my friends: 
the Messalina of Massilia, ready to take on all comers!" 

	Taleena had glared over her shoulder at him in furious resentment and
humiliation, since even in far-off Avernia, she had heard tales of the depraved
wife of the Emperor Claudius whose nymphomania had eventually led to her
undoing.  But just as she turned she was greeted by a cascade of cold water
pouring down her body.

	"That's it, Symmachus," Bikira's voice roared from the back of the room. 
"Clean her up! The careless slut kept spilling wine on herself while she
danced!" 

	The sailors greeted the pacemaker's cruel jest with raucous laughter,
but none could deny that the sudden shower had left the helpless blonde fresh
and clean and dripping with desirability.
	
	But Taleena was given little time to dwell on these taunts.  No sooner
had Symmachus cast the empty water-bucket away, than the tall Aethiopian tasker
brusquely pushed him aside.  Kananga stepped behind her suspended body in a
manner that manifested his certainty that, notwithstanding the hierarchy of rank
that prevailed onboard the Thetis, he, the tallest and strongest, was the
natural leader of the pack.  The muscular African stripped off his garments and
placed himself a tergo, grabbing Taleena's thighs just above her knees and
lifting her dangling legs upward and back toward him until her knees were bent
at a forty-five degree angle and her toes were pointing toward the ceiling. 
Then, with a bestial growl, he tightened his grip on her thighs, tilted her body
to the desired angle, and pulled her body roughly toward him, impaling her on
his thick, throbbing manhood.

	Taleena's body surged against her bonds as the mighty tasker bored his
blood-engorged organ into her, while she tried to kick free as if there were the
slightest chance of escaping the dark, marauding phallus. No good. She twisted
and groaned in pain, a pain which was caused both by the unfamiliar place of the
intrusion and the unfamiliar size of the intruder.

	But the tasker kept her firmly lodged on his punishing rod, and
continued pounding into her helpless body while his huge hands slid up her
rounded hips to caress her flanks before sliding up to her luscious breasts. But
now there was no pretence of rubbing olive oil into smooth and resilient flesh. 
Now there were only ruthless, plundering hands which squeezed her breasts and
crushed her tender nipples in time with every savage thrust of his powerful
hips, while the other sailors unleashed hoarse shouts of approval. Finally
Kananga's coal-black body shuddered violently as the one-sided sexual combat
came to an end.  Wordlessly the imposing African slipped his tunic back on,
adjusted the position of the whip that hung from his belt and, after receiving a
resentful glare from Vinculus, he turned toward the door and left.

	But Taleena was given little time to recover from Kananga's brutal
assault. Bikira the drummer was next, taking a position in front of the dangling
Avernian and lifting her widespread legs upwards toward his shoulders.  He
signalled to Symmachus to lower the pulley until Taleena's body was parallel to
the ground and her ankles rested on Bikira's shoulders while her long blonde
hair hung downward toward the floor like a golden waterfall.  Then, as the
round-bellied drummer began pounding into her, Symmachus positioned himself at
the other end of her helpless body and offered his ardent erection to her mouth. 
Taleena had turned away in disgust, for she had never even pleased her former
lover Stertius in that way.  But the strapping Cilician had merely uttered a low
chuckle, seized her hair in his hands and jerked on it so brutally that the
beautiful galley-slave had no choice but to part her soft lips, allowing
Symmachus to insert his swollen manhood.

	Her two tormentors had lacked the stamina of the mighty tasker, so their
vicious dual assault was mercifully brief, but when they were done there were
others to replace them.  Worse, the artful slings had been so contrived that
while her arms remained tautly stretched upward toward the bar to which she had
been bound, her legs could be bent forward or backward in whatever manner
pleased her assailants. 

*  *  *

	The sailors' drunkenness had been both a blessing and a curse - a curse
in that their state of inebriation had stripped them of their inhibitions, a
blessing in that it sapped them of their strength, reduced their stamina, and,
eventually, lulled them into a stupor.  When the last of the visitors had
satisfied himself and staggered out into the darkness, Taleena still hung from
the vicious Sicilian Sling, her hands bound overhead, her beleaguered body
balanced awkwardly on her toes, utterly exhausted and degraded, her blonde head
drooping onto her heaving chest. 

	Hearing a sound behind her, she twisted around to see that she was alone
with Vinculus, who had remained in the background throughout the evening, being
the only one of all the sailors who had not partaken liberally of the wine.
During her hours-long ordeal she had noticed the beetle-browed Cretan hovering
in the shadows, nodding in approval as his comrades performed indignity after
indignity upon her lovely body, occasionally barking out a word of encouragement
to her attackers.  She wondered why the sadistic satyr had confined himself to
watching his lust-crazed companions, but as she felt his menacing eyes roving
over her exploited body, everything became clear.

	He had waited because he had wanted to have her to himself.

	"Did I not tell you in Alexandria that you would rue the day you
threatened me?" he asked, as he moved toward the suspended beauty slowly, his
face contorted into a malignant scowl.  He stepped in front of her so that
Taleena could see the hatred in his eyes.  Then he reached toward her jutting
breasts and seized her tender nipples between thumb and forefinger and squeezed
the pink buds until tears brimmed in her bright blue eyes.  "Can it be that you
have forgotten telling me that Balbinus would have my head, wench?" he sneered. 
"Well, I have not!"  He rasped in a harsh, gravelly voice as he gave her nipples
a final vicious twist before giving each of her full breasts a stinging slap.

	Then he planted himself squarely in front of Taleena.  "The Fates have
cheated me of my pleasure twice before, wench," he snarled.  "But now I shall
have my turn! This time there will be no Balbinus, no tasker, to stop me!"

	The evil-eyed Cretan, his dark brow creased with malice, reached for one
of the small oil lamps which stood on a sill along one wall, and brought it
closely to Taleena's hanging form as if to illuminate the curves of her body.

	Taleena stared at the lamp in horror, and then into the half-crazed eyes
of her tormentor. "You bastard!"
	
	At this insult, Vinculus' face became contorted into a hideous rictus of
rage.  "You'll pay for that, too, wench," he growled and blew out the flame,
carefully poising the bronze cruet over her chest. And with his dark eyes
blazing with long-suppressed rage, he tipped the cruet ever so slightly,
releasing a single drop of the heated oil onto the upper slope of Taleena's
quivering left breast.

	"Aaahhh!" she gasped in pain.  The oil, while hot, was not at the point
of boiling, and by the time it had splashed against her sensitive skin, it had
cooled just enough so that its effects, though painful, would not cause lasting
damage. A second drop followed, accompanied by a louder, longer "Aaaaaahhhhh!!"
as the Roper dripped the steaming oil onto a once-pinkish nipple now reddened by
the friction of clutching fingers and gnawing teeth.

	Taleena tried desperately to twist her upper body away from her fiendish
tormentor, but the grinning Cretan was too quick for her, grasping her by her
long blonde mane to hold her in place. "Each morning I've had to watch while
that ignorant African attended to these beauties," he snarled.  "But now I shall
have my turn!" he added, before upturning the lamp again, pouring the hot oil
onto both of her breasts, first in tiny droplets, and then in a thin, sizzling
trickle, coating the quivering orbs with a delicious, transparent sheen while
Taleena shook her upper body enticingly from side to side in a vain attempt to
throw off the searing liquid.

	The wiry deck officer stepped behind her, just as the tasker had done
every other day onboard the Thetis, and began to massage her gleaming globes
vigorously, rubbing the hot oil into every pore of her firm, but yielding flesh. 
His dry, sea-weathered fingers lingered longest on her nipples, first gently
prodding the oily buds to stiffness and then pinching and crushing them with
steadily increasing pressure, to the accompaniment of Taleena's muted gasps of
pain.

	When he had manhandled her alluring breasts to his heart's desire,
Vinculus took the oil lamp and dripped the remaining, barely warm oil onto
Taleena's behind, letting the liquid trickle into the soft crease between her
buttocks. Then he gripped Taleena firmly by the hips and forced the aggressive
tip of his erect phallus against the muscular ring that guarded her last
unexploited orifice.  He bucked forward against her, and spurred on by her
screams he continued with a succession of virile thrusts that stretched
Taleena's sparsely-oiled rosette, as if he could assuage his venomous anger with
each violent thrust. He held her firmly lodged on his punishing rod, even as his
hands slid up her flanks and then latched back on to her oil-slick breasts,
kneading them with the same thoroughness she had once used to work the clods of
dough in the house of Camillus Verus.

*  *  *

	Weeks later, the dreadful images persisted in Taleena's mind, even
through closed eyelids. She saw her own body hanging, naked and quivering, in
the soldiers' lair, and she heard herself crying out in unison with Vinculus'
grinding thrusts. Remembering the ghastly images all too well, Taleena woke up
with a start to hear herself screaming, screaming her lungs out, as if the
volume of her anguish could somehow dispel the frightful images of the past as
her cries of pain had once scattered the seagulls on the Thetis. .

	She was drenched with clammy sweat, her racing pulse slowly calming down
to more normal levels as she regained her senses. As her mind limped slowly back
to alertness, the horrifying image of her body wriggling under the virile
thrusts of the lust-crazed sailors, which had been so vivid in her dreams,
seemed to fade, as if her conscious mind had driven it back to the vile,
subconscious dungeon from which it had escaped.

	She rose from her bed, feeling so light-headed and ill that she retched
weakly in a futile attempt to relieve her overpowering nausea.  With shivering
hands she reached for the spouted amphora on her table and poured some water
from it into a beaker.  As she lifted the beaker toward her quivering lips, the
shape of the slender amphora reminded her of the copies of Grecian urns that
some of the potters of her native Lugdunum had been fond of making.  Some had
even gone so far as to copy the erotic couplings so common on Grecian pottery. 
The Greeks had depicted all manner of couplings, but none was more common than
the a tergo position, the male behind the female - the one which the Aethiopian
had used to initiate her degradation, and which Vinculus had re-enacted in the
most bestial fashion.

	Taleena downed the beaker of water hurriedly and then picked up the
innocent, but evocative amphora and threw it violently against the wall of her
cell, splashing water everywhere and sending shards of pottery flying across the
room.  Somehow that burst of physical activity served to calm her, and she was
able to think of her ordeal at Massilia with more detachment, as if it had been
a vision or a nightmare, and not a brutal and degrading reality.

	Had it only been three weeks since her orgy of suffering in the sailors'
lair?  Perhaps in a way it was a gift from the gods that the strenuous demands
of the fighting school were so all-consuming.  Her rape seemed to be a thing of
the distant past, and she thanked Mnemosyne, the merciful goddess of memory and
oblivion, for that.

*  *  *

	For three days she had been at the sailors' mercy, three days of
unspeakable terror and degradation. It had been a Dionysian debauchery, and the
sailors, aside from Vinculus, had emptied countless flagons of wine.  The
mariners had come and gone freely during the three days, leaving after they had
sated their lust to sleep off the effects of their intoxication, but returning
hours later for another bout of wine and wenching.     

	The virile sailors, their lust keen from sea-driven abstinence, had
taken her in every way imaginable, and in ways she could not have imagined,
plundering every part of her body with equal ruthlessness.  They had been
insatiable and inventive, playful and cruel. They had taken her while she hung
from the swing, from which they suspended her again on the second day despite
her pathetic pleas; they had taken her while the curves of her body were crushed
against a rough stone wall; they had taken her standing up, they had mounted her
while she squirmed atop a creaky wooden cot, and they had ravished her on the
floor caked with mud from their boots.  They had raped her while bending her
over the table on which she had danced so erotically, and when they became
winded, fat ones like Bikira and old ones like the white-whiskered helmsman of
the Triton, had forced her to her knees and pressed pointed sticks against her
firm young breasts until she pleasured them with her lips and tongue and throat.

	Having been warned not to injure her, they had bathed her several times
each day, their many hands keeping her body fresh and clean for their pleasure,
and they fed her, albeit teasingly, making her crawl across the floor from one
to the other to earn her next bit of bread or her next sip of water

	And when at last the sailors had gone, Vinculus always remained,
sleepless, it seemed, and tireless, now that the prey he had stalked so long was
in his clutches.  During her nightmarish days and nights in Massilia, Taleena
came to know with painful certainty, why his comrades had dubbed him the Roper. 
To be sure, while she had laboured at her oar, she had seen the beetle-browed
deck officer, his back to the starboard rail, fiddling endlessly with various
lengths of rope, fashioning knots of every description. 

	During those long hours at sea, his dark and vengeful eyes had rarely
left her naked body, while his skilful fingers flew along the rope, seemingly
inspired by her presence. But she had never imagined that the time would come
when those intricate knots would bite into her soft flesh.  In Massilia,
whenever the prodigious lust of his fellow mariners waned, the evil-eyed Roper
had made the most of his opportunity.  He  demonstrated his rope-mastery on
Taleena's nude body again and again, enmeshing her in cocoons of bondage that
most men could not have imagined,  much less contrived, all of them
uncomfortable, many of them painful, a few of them agonizing beyond words.


*  *  *
	
	On the morning of the fourth day Taleena was brought back on board the
Thetis as it made ready to depart for Ostia. It was a rough, squally day, and at
first Balbinus watched with  amusement as the tall blonde, her naked body
scratched and bruised and bearing rope-marks from her neck to her ankles, but
otherwise undamaged,  was paraded down the aisle toward her place on the bench. 
As Symmachus chained her to her oar,  it was clear from her bearing  that, while
her degrading ordeal might have temporarily stripped her of her dignity, it had
still not broken her spirit. She had been coerced, but not conquered, and
knowing that his men would report back to their master, despite her three days
of seemingly endless horror, Taleena had never once betrayed herself by begging
for mercy.
	
	Balbinus, who had been supremely confident that this final degradation
would crush Taleena's rebelliousness, erupted in a tempestuous rage.  His visage
was as dark as the low-lying clouds as he stormed around the deck, heaping
verbal abuse on Taleena, and questioning the manhood of crewmen and slaves
alike, still believing that Taleena had spent the days just past in their
company.

	 Taleena, her defiance having transformed itself into a resigned
indifference, stared for a moment at the oar that had taxed her body to its
limits and beyond, and then took it up, calmly looking out to sea while the
corpulent merchant continued to rail at heaven and earth.

	But there remained one final indignity.  After a few hours of manning
the oar with her bottom bare against the bench, Taleena, in a halting voice,
asked the Tasker if she might be given a bit of cloth to wear around her loins,
like the other rowers. The Thetis, after all, had taken on bales of textiles at
each stop on their journey. Kananga had listened to her request and then relayed
it to Balbinus, who sat under his canopy, out of the light rainfall that his
rage seemed to have drawn from the heavens.  Balbinus glared at her, thought for
a moment and then pointed to some scraps of coarse burlap that had fallen from a
crate they had loaded earlier that morning.

	The tasker had proceeded to fashion a makeshift loin-cloth from those
scraps and, disregarding Taleena's frantic attempt to withdraw her request,
Symmachus had released her from her chains just long enough to wrap the sacking
around her body. The strapping carpenter then pushed her roughly back down on
her bench, grinning at Taleena's obvious discomfort.  After three days of sexual
abuse the prickly burlap fibres felt like bristles chafing and cutting at the
sensitive flesh of her sore loins.  Her bare breasts heaving with righteous
anger at the never-ending degredations, Taleena looked around in growing
despair.  Had she seen a chance of ending her miserable life by throwing herself
overboard, she would gladly have seized it, but once Symmachus had clicked the
iron fetters around her ankles shut once again, all chance of deliverance was
gone.  The Fates, it seemed, were not disposed to let Taleena escape her ordeal
in that fashion; they had other plans for her.

	It was the second time Taleena had made this leg of the journey, from
Massilia to Ostia, but whereas on the first she had been something of a pampered
guest, this time she was shackled naked to an oar.  But for reasons she was
never to know, the tasker spared her the most punishing lashes on this journey.
Her water ration was restored to normal and in the evenings she sometimes found
morsels of meat or fruit in her porridge bowl. Had her stoic endurance earned
his respect, or did he, as a practical mariner, merely wish to keep one of his
rowers in good physical shape for the balance of the journey?  Or was there a
darker purpose?  Was his unexpected solicitousness merely a tactic that would
allow her to recover her fitness, so that she could endure the rigors of an even
more demanding orgy at the next port-of-call?

	Although she did not know it at the time, the trip down the coast to
Ostia was to be Taleena's last voyage as a galley slave.  For part of the
precious cargo of the Thetis, as it proceeded southward through the Mare
Tyrrhenium toward the Italian coast, was comprised of seven slaves, six male and
one female, who were destined for the school of Flavius Autronius...

*  *  *

	Taleena stared at the ceiling of her Spartan quarters at the Flavian
compound as she retraced her final days on the galley.  Despite the horrors of
her ordeal and her earlier outburst, a certain semblance of calm had come over
her now. Her stint at the galley was part of her history now, not her current
reality, now that the appearance of Flavius at the wharf at Ostia had spared her
from that dismal existence.

	Each morning of her frightful tour of duty on the rowing bench she had
resolved to die on the bench rather than submit to the will of Balbinus.  And
during the violent, three-day debauch at Massilia there had been many moments of
suffering and despair when she would gladly have embraced death.  But her
deliverance from the galley, from the foul embrace of Balbinus and his bestial
crewmen, had given her new hope.   She remembered Eudocles' patient acceptance
of life's cruelties, when he had recounted the difficult times in his own life,
which had seen much of both good and bad.   What had he said?  "Dum spiro,
spero." - "While I breathe, I hope."  Surely it was a fine motto for anyone
living on the brink of despair, but especially for one, like herself, who had
plumbed the deepest depths of degradation, only to reappear like a phoenix from
the ashes to be confronted with new, even more daunting challenges. 

	Taleena sighed wistfully as she pictured her aged mentor's craggy face. 
What advice would he give her now? she wondered.  The more she thought, the more
certain she became that the Grecian sage would admonish her to do her best to
forget the vile events in her past from which no lesson of value could be
learned, and to focus on the present. For the present, as he had often reminded
her, was the father of tomorrow. 
	
	For now, unlike her dark, depressing days at the galley, Taleena could
see some light, however faint, at the end of her journey. If she fought with
courage and skill, survival and perhaps even freedom itself were possible.  And
surely, after the cruel blows the Fates had rained on her, those implacable
deities owed her a certain debt. In the long run, did not the gods always side
with those who bore the hardship of life with imperturbable tenacity?  Had she
not stood up well to the gruelling demands of her first week at the Ludus
Flavianus? And wasn't it the gods who had put the Thracian lanista in her place,
when Byrria had tried to take her to task? Imbued by a sense of righteousness,
Taleena took a deep breath as she fell back on her cot and rested her soft cheek
against a comforting shoulder, and a few moments later she fell into a gentle,
and this time dreamless sleep.




XV.

	Taleena's second week at the Flavian fighting school started like the
first, just after sunrise. The oval cinder track which enclosed the arena was
moist with a fresh morning dew, and the air was still cool, but the rising sun
promised another mild April day. The sandy surface of the arena had been raked
over, waiting to be ploughed through by the exercising fighters, and the only
sound that disturbed the quiet of the early morning was the cooing cry of a
single dove hiding somewhere in the shoots of ivy that clung to the rough-cut
stones of the morbid Etruscan masonry.

	The gladiatorial recruits had gathered in front of the staff building,
facing the massive entrance gates at the far side of the arena, ready to accept
the orders of the day from Calixtus. Taleena's heart beat faster at the sight of
Byrria, the fearsome Thracian tigress who had planted herself beside the
chief-instructor, and proceeded to scrutinize her female charges with her usual
condescending scowl.

	The blonde Avernian stood first in line, alongside a sad-eyed Selia. One
could tell from the hesitancy with which she moved that the unfortunate Baetican
girl still suffered from the dozen flesh-scalding lashes she had received as
punishment for her unacceptable performance during the first week. The taller of
the two Numidians, the one who had preceded Selia at the whipping post, also
moved gingerly, in marked contrast to the fluidity and grace he typically
displayed.  Arminius, the giant German with the cropped sandy hair, towered in
the middle of the row, a head taller than his neighbours, among whom were his
beefy, black-bearded crony and their two fierce-looking countrymen.

	As her fellow-recruits glumly surveyed the well-remembered wooden beams
they had toted around the track once before, Taleena looked around for the more
senior fighters, but they were nowhere to be seen.  Apparently their tenure
permitted them the small luxury of starting their training a little later in the
day.  Flavius' place at the balcony remained as empty as it had been during the
latter days of the first week, and Taleena wondered whether the head of the
Ludus Flavianus had lost interest in his recruits' progress after having been so
absorbed in their performance on the day of their initiation.

	    Just then Calixtus stepped forward and announced the nature of the
day's training. "Last week, your two heroic comrades set the standard for this
exercise," the bald lanista addressed the recruits in his stentorian voice,
referring to Taleena and Arminius. "Twenty-four rounds," he muttered, nodding
his head in grudging approbation. "At the conclusion of today's training, be
sure that you thank them for setting such a lofty target!" he added with a
sardonic smile. "This morning you will do well to manage a dozen because ...
well, you shall see soon enough. Hoist your beams!"

	Taleena and Selia looked around, but this time no assistants came
forward to help them.  Calixtus and Byrria met their inquiring glances with
blank stares.  Clearly this time the recruits, including the women, were
expected to lift the heavy beams upon their shoulders themselves.

	To do so, the trainees were obliged to seize the beams by heavy nails
which projected from each end of the wooden cross-pieces, and then to manoeuver
the bulky beams over their heads and across their shoulders.  Taleena only
managed to do so with great difficulty and Selia was utterly unable to lift the
cross-piece high enough to slide under it.  After numerous failed attempts,
Byrria angrily directed two of the attendants to place the beam across Selia's
slim shoulders.  Under the watchful eye of the Thracian, they did so without the
slightest pretence of gentleness, and Taleena grimaced in sympathy as she
watched the slender Spaniard's body sag in pain under the onerous weight of the
beam.

	After a few grumbles of protest, the recruits began to plod along at a
pace that was no more than a quick walk. Their prior week of training had
accustomed them to some extent to the mandatory ankle-weights they all had to
wear, but they quickly learned that running with the beams balanced on their
shoulders was far more difficult than it had been when the beams had merely been
strapped to their bodies.  Nevertheless, they trudged on laboriously, and then,
as had happened so frequently in the past, the trainers made an already
demanding exercise even more difficult to execute.

	"Now that you've got the hang of it, you are to hoist the beams over
your heads!" Calixtus bellowed across the yard after the recruits had completed
half a lap. "And pick up some speed, all of you, or we'll see if the crop can't
put a little spring into your legs!"

	Taleena did as instructed and heaved the beam aloft by dint of a
prodigious effort, lengthening her stride while continuing to keep her arms
outstretched.  But she could not long sustain this double strain, and was
obliged to lower the beam to her shoulders before Calixtus had given permission
to do so, which earned her a stinging lash across her bare shoulders from
Byrria's crop as she crossed the starting line.

	The stronger recruits were able to manage some fifty paces before they
heard Calixtus bark, "Down!" at which point they were permitted to lower the
beams to shoulder height, and trudge on down the track for about the same
distance -  until they heard the dreaded order of "Up!" once more.
	
	"Up!!  Down!  Up!!  Down!" Calixtus' alternating commands reverberated
across the track with an oppressive regularity, but soon gut-wrenching fatigue
caused the struggling recruits to imagine wrongly that the strength-draining
"Up" cycles lasted far longer than the less onerous "Downs".

	By the time they had completed two laps, Calixtus' stentorian barks to
raise and lower the burdensome beams had begun to take a heavy toll on the
recruits, and Taleena's efforts to follow her burly lanista's instructions, had
left her limbs aching from the strain.  Her heart pounded wildly and sweat
poured from her body, and even the simple act of drawing breath from her lungs
became a strenuous exercise owing to her upraised arms.  Calixtus began to grant
the recruits more and more time in between lifts, but even so, the exertion was
taxing in the extreme.
	
	Despite her rower's fitness, won so painfully under the tasker's lash,
Taleena's well-toned arms and shoulders were soon on fire from the strain of the
continual lifting.  Eight, ten, twelve times around the track, Calixtus drove
them before he abandoned his unrelenting cries to raise and lower their burdens. 
By then the recruits were so exhausted that it was all they could do to keep
putting one wobbly foot in front of the other. 
	
	Once again Selia was the first to collapse, but considering the
latticework of welts across her back, Taleena thought that she had done well to
complete twelve laps - almost twice the number she had completed on their
initiation day - and the quota Calixtus had designated as the minimum.  She had
not been able to hoist the beam overhead at all, but her effort certainly
demonstrated her resolution to improve her performance. Even Byrria seemed to
have acknowledged her efforts, because for once she had been sparing in the use
of her crop.

	Taleena herself fell to the ground during the fifteenth round, racked by
increasingly severe cramps in her calves. Gasping for breath she knelt there,
her back bent low by the weight of the cross-piece, while she allowed her
overstrained muscles a slight respite, before her right leg jerked and then her
left. After she climbed to her feet, she tried to stand on her toes, so as to
stretch her leg muscles and relieve the terrible cramps, but Byrria lashed her
sharply across the backs of her legs to put an end to that simple but effective
self-treatment.  Crying out in pain, Taleena set out again, forcing her ruined
leg muscles to support her weight for a few more strides.  But it was no use. 
She staggered forward, veering first to the right and then to the left, before
collapsing a second time, fifty paces short of the starting line, and eight laps
short of the quota that Calixtus himself had declared almost impossible to
reach.

	From the first moment of her first day at the arena, Taleena's courage
had surpassed her strength, but on this day her will fell victim to her body's
exhaustion. Her shoulders were raw from the friction of the beam after almost an
hour of extreme exertion, and she loosened her grip from the nails to get rid of
the crushing yoke. While she sat on the side of the track massaging her cramping
legs, she was passed by the men, but they, too, were near the end of their
tether, and only the Herculean Arminius was able to complete the full
twenty-four laps.


*  *  *

	The daily regimen of circuit training came next, that arduous series of
chin-ups, press-ups, sit-ups and the like. Eudocles had explained to her once
that the word 'callisthenics'  was derived from words meaning 'strength' and
'beauty', but Taleena felt utterly depleted of both strength and beauty after
the exhausting run under the crossbeam, and her results  in the circuit's
exercises showed a considerable deterioration from her prior scores. The fact
that her male comrades also fell short of their former marks did little to buoy
her spirits.  She had begun the second week of training hoping to build on the
confidence that she had developed during the first week.  But instead she had
learned that the chasm between success and failure at the Ludus Flavianus was as
narrow as a sword's edge and as deep as a death wound. 

*  *  *

	After the gladiatorial recruits had finished their simple but nutritious
meal - a thick pea soup flavoured with bits of bacon, served with brown bread -
Calixtus ordered them to gather together in front of the dining area for another
lesson in swordplay.

         	As they rose from their tables, a gaunt, one-legged servant
slowly limped from table to table in their wake, placing the used bowls and cups
into a basket as decrepit as himself.  Once the tables were cleared he glanced
at Calixtus, and when the lanista nodded his head, the one-legged man reached
under one of the tables and retrieved two large, wide-mouthed jars.    Taleena
noted that the rims of the two jars were daubed with red and yellow paint
respectively, and that a coarse brush protruded from each of them.  The servant
set both jars carefully on top of the table before hobbling off, balancing the
basket precariously while supporting himself on his crutch.

	Calixtus planted himself before the recruits, who had arranged
themselves in a semi-circle, and waited briefly until he had their full
attention.

	"By now," he began, "you should have begun to learn how to handle a
sword.  This afternoon, if you pay close attention, you will learn where to use
it. But I need a 'volunteer' to help me illustrate the proper offensive
technique."  The burly lanista cast an appraising glance over the assembly, his
gaze travelling from recruit to recruit.

	"Why not the Gaul?" Byrria interjected slyly, inclining her head in
Taleena's direction.  "She'd make a fine teacher's aid," she continued, her dark
eyes flashing in such a way that made it clear that she would brook no
opposition.  "Wouldn't you?" she demanded in an imperious tone as she glared at
the statuesque blonde. Byrria gave the chief-instructor little time to
intervene, brusquely gesturing with her head in his direction, signalling
Taleena to step forward, thereby pre-empting the former centurion.

	Calixtus glanced at the two women warily.  Although he could not think
of a more attention-drawing material for his upcoming lesson than the gorgeous
Gaul, he would have preferred to have chosen Arminius.  He had learned long ago
that the effectiveness of such exercises often depended upon the involvement of
the leader of the pack. Such a course not only demonstrated the lanista's
authority over the most respected of the trainees, but he had found that even
the lowliest recruits usually paid closer attention if their leader had been
compelled to take part in a demonstration. Besides, he didn't want this critical
lesson to be reduced to a mere spectacle, and it was not in his nature to make
sword-training, a life-and-death matter, a pleasurable experience.  But since he
did not want to undermine the authority of his co-trainer in front of the
recruits, he grudgingly let her have her way once again.  Not the least of his
concerns was the fact that ever since the seductive Thracian had turned the head
of Flavius Autronius and warmed his bed, she had hardly been shy about
challenging his chief-instructor's authority in a hundred little ways.
	
	"Turn and face your comrades!" Byrria snapped, as a nervous Taleena
joined Calixtus alongside the table with the jars of paint. And when Taleena had
squared around to face her fellow-trainees, Byrria, her dark eyes flashing with
the zealous ardour of one who has just discovered her full power,  issued
another order. "Remove your clothes!"

	A spark of defiance flared up in Taleena's cobalt blue eyes at that last
command. Her time on the rowing bench had accustomed her to nudity and during
her first week at the arena she had had to cope with the stares of men once
again.  But now that the utter abasement and degradation of her days on the
bench were behind her, she had recently begun to feel rather proud of the effect
that her female charms had on men, especially on those from whom she had nothing
to fear.

	Nevertheless it was obvious that Byrria's order signalled her intent to
humiliate Taleena in full view of her fellow-recruits.  All of the men had
caught glimpses of her nakedness when she and Selia had fought on their knees in
the tight harness of the Scythian Straps.  But this was somehow different.
During her fight with the Baetican girl, the men had been some distance away,
and most of the recruits had been distracted by their own training.  But now, as
she looked out at the men who were arranged in a semi-circle around Calixtus,
the male trainees were gloating at her body with the expectant look of a pack of
wolves stalking a tender young doe.  Only Selia looked at her with the earnest,
attentive gaze of someone who wished to profit from Calixtus' forthcoming
lesson, whatever it might involve.
	
	"Would you like some help, Gaul?" Byrria jeered impatiently, to the
accompaniment of coarse laughter among the onlookers.  Half a dozen pairs of
eager eyes, fearful of blinking and losing a moment's pleasure, attested to the
fact that every man among them would have been happy to lend her a hand.

	Blushing and trembling at the prospect of disrobing before her rapt
audience like a dancing-girl in a waterfront taverna, Taleena hesitated.  For a
moment or two Calixtus wondered if his eye-pleasing young recruit were going to
dare to defy a direct order.  But then the tension in Taleena's bare shoulders
relaxed and she reached behind her to undo the knot that held her breast-cloth
in place.  As she wrestled with the ends of the muslin strip, brief images of
her degrading ordeal in Massilia flashed through her mind. She fought off the
horrific visions, and tried to concentrate on the present, but as she did so,
her body could almost feel the heat given off by the male fighters' lecherous
gaze.

	 When she felt the knot come loose, Taleena hesitated again for an
instant and glanced at Byrria, hoping against hope that some miracle might save
her.  But the dark-eyed Thracian merely crossed her arms over her chest and
glared at her, obviously enjoying her discomfiture to the fullest. Resigning
herself to the inevitable, Taleena took a deep breath and let her hands drop to
her side as the flimsy strip of fabric fell away from her body, while her
audience gasped with excitement as they watched her bared breasts bounce free. 
Despite the mildness of the day, Taleena could not keep her lush treasures from
shivering slightly as they rose and fell with her nervous breathing.

	The recruits had been deprived of the pleasures of female flesh for some
time, but even if they had not, none of them had ever seen a woman who could
match Taleena's poise and beauty.  While they were bound to stand at attention,
the trainees grew visibly restive and shuffled their feet with telltale
anticipation as they watched the gorgeous Gaul bare her breathtaking body.
	
	The flawless skin of Taleena's torso was drawn tightly over the delicate
bones of her rib cage, thus forming an alluring contrast to the lush fullness of
the breasts which sat enthroned in solitary splendour just above them. Her belly
was flat, but beautifully curved into feminine contours by the sensual layer of
flesh that asserted itself against her strong abdominal muscles.  In its center
her deep-etched navel drew attention to the even more alluring parts of her body
just below.  Midway between her rounded hips, at the narrow apex of her long and
slender legs, was the vertex of desire, still covered by her loin-cloth.
	
	Taleena took another deep breath to steady her racing pulse as she
reached down to undo the belt that held her loin-cloth in place, while the men
followed each motion of her fingers with the same fierce concentration which
they would have given to the movements of an opponent's sword-hand.  The belt
fell open easily enough, and the male recruits held their breath as one, while
they waited for Taleena's trembling hands to release their grip.  When she did,
the weight of the leathern cincture pulled the garment over her womanly hips and
down her shapely legs.

	No sooner had she dropped the waistband than Taleena flushed from the
heat of the numerous pairs of ravenous eyes which were riveted to the neatly
trimmed golden triangle that adorned, but did not conceal, the base of the
protruding folds of her mound of Venus. She had tried to brace herself for the
humiliation of that moment, but at first she found herself slouching awkwardly
and blushing with shame.  Trying to preserve a veneer of composure, she forced
herself to stand motionless with her hands at her sides, like a shy Galatea,
thinking it hopeless to try to assert the privileges of feminine modesty in such
an oppressive setting.  But as her blue eyes stared out into the vacant space
above the heads of the leering men, meeting the eyes of none, she noticed that
Byrria was still regarding her with an air of smug triumph. Silently vowing not
to let the dark-haired Thracian have the satisfaction of knowing the depth of
her degradation, Taleena steeled herself and rose to her full height threw her
shoulders back, thrusting her breasts out in a defiant gesture only the doomed
could dare.

	Calixtus ran his eyes over the Gaul's luscious body with scarcely
concealed admiration. She posed like the chiselled statuette of a master
sculptor, but the warmth and softness of her flesh was a tantalizing improvement
on even the finest marble of the Cararran quarries.  The chief-lanista did his
best to conceal his arousal, but the recruits made no such effort to disguise
their feelings.   The taller Numidian nudged his countryman enthusiastically,
and the coarse Germans licked their lips appreciatively, but their instructor's
facial expression remained impassive, only a gravelly clearing of the throat
betraying his own excitement.  But when he finally began the lesson, he spoke in
a controlled, professional tone.

	"When you finally set foot in the ring, it will be of vital importance
to know where to direct your attack against your opponent in order to put him
out of action," he began his discourse.  Meanwhile he withdrew the brush from
the jar that dripped red, and turned toward his eye-catching teaching aid.

	"Any direct hit to an area marked in red will often prove almost
immediately lethal, or at worst leave your opponent fatally injured," he intoned
in a magisterial voice.  "The throat should always be the target of choice
because it is nearly unprotected by normal armour."  Calixtus daubed both sides
of Taleena's slender throat with the paint, and when she turned her head away
from him, raising her chin at a proud angle to show her distaste at being
treated with such disdain, her cervical tendons protruded defiantly beneath her
fair skin,
			
	"As a rule, a hit to the chest cavity should also prove fatal," Calixtus
went on, "but your blow must penetrate both cuirass and ribcage."

	Calixtus paused when he saw several blank stares in the audience. 
Shaking his head with exasperation at the ignorance of his new crop of
neophytes, he continued, "That is to say, the leather chest armour, and the
ribcage.  He marked Taleena's left upper arm with the red paint, just beneath
the shoulder, and traced the brush fully across her chest to illustrate his
explanation. Taleena gritted her teeth as her breasts wobbled slightly under the
sweeping stroke of the brush, hoping that this humiliating demonstration would
soon be over

	The men could hardly conceal their delight, and more than one was seen
to rub his thighs covertly together in an attempt to excite himself further. 
Even Calixtus' eyes seemed to brighten at the starkly sensual contrast between
the vibrant crimson of the paint and Taleena's suntanned breasts, and he had to
clear his throat once more before he proceeded.

	"An upward stab here," Calixtus continued, poking at the spot slightly
beneath the young woman's breastbone where the lowest rib formed its delicate
arch, "will be most expedient.  In fact, that is precisely the manner in which
you would deliver the mortal thrust if your opponent were already wounded. But,"
he added in a professorial tone, "over time strict customs have developed that
govern the circumstances concerning an injured or disabled gladiator."  Then,
glancing at his charges somewhat scornfully he added, "Unless you have a desire
to make a fool of yourself before the emperor and thousands of spectators, it
will behove you to understand those niceties."

	Calixtus paused to take a breath and to look out over the audience to
make sure that they were paying close attention.  "For example, a wounded
gladiator is obliged to drop his shield and weapon, stretch on his back and
raise one finger of his upturned hand, a gesture which indicates that he is
seeking the clemency of the throng in the tiers.  The crowd may signify mercy by
lifting their thumbs, but it will always be the emperor himself - or his
representative in the imperial box - who has the final say. The victor has no
choice whatever in the matter; you are merely the instrument of the emperor's
will.  Is that understood?"
		
	When no recruit raised a question the stern instructor proceeded to
swish the brush through the container of red paint once again.  "A deep wound in
the stomach will usually cause one's opponent to bleed to death," he went on,
drawing a broad red streak down the slope where the twin peaks of Taleena's
magnificent chest seemed to run out into the smooth plane of her belly.  "But,
semper paratus - be ever prepared. Many a dying man has dealt a fatal blow to
his slayer in order to have a companion for his journey to Hades."

	Calixtus paused again for several moments to let that grave message sink
in, but he could tell from the recruits' lewd grins that they thought of
themselves as ever prepared in a sense he had least of all intended to imply
with his words.  "The groin," he continued, shaking his head at the ignorance of
his charges, although a slight change in the timbre of his voice hinted at his
own arousal.  "The groin is another critical point," he began again, annoyed
with the men and irritated with himself for having momentarily lost his
professional demeanour thanks to the distracting charms of his eye-catching
model.

	"No one will survive the severing of the main artery there, but as with
the stomach, the wound will not necessarily lead to a sudden death," he went on
as he traced the crimson-stained brush between Taleena's slightly parted legs. 
Then, noticing the smirks on the faces of a few of the recruits, he glared at
his audience and roared, "If you filthy swine don't wipe those grins off your
ugly mugs at once, one of you can take her place! I'll wager that none of you
would enjoy standing before a bunch of pigs such as yourselves! Not that the
likes of you would have anything much to show us!"

	Calixtus' outburst silenced the recruits, but did little to diminish
Taleena's humiliation.  She was sick of serving as a teaching aid for this crude
assembly, and being reduced to a butt of derision, but she also felt Byrria's
eyes on her, waiting for the least flicker of rebellion against her degradation. 
So she tried to maintain her stoic poise while Calixtus marked the upper insides
of her thighs, smearing some of the sticky paint over her protruding pubic mound
and the golden hair which adorned the juncture of her legs. 

	Having done so, the grumpy lanista concluded the first part of his
lecture and returned the brush to the red jar and took the yellow brush from the
other.

	"A direct hit to the areas that I will mark with yellow will usually not
prove fatal, but it will disable your opponent," he went on, intent on making
clear the distinction between the two types of targets.

	"Raise your arms and clasp your fingers behind your neck," he instructed
Taleena, knowing full well that such a breast-lifting motion would only increase
the pleasure of the leering recruits - and his own. He intended to conclude the
lesson quickly now, but he grudgingly had to admit that in all of his years as
an instructor he had never before had such a visually attentive audience;
whether they had taken in a word of his lecture was another story. 

	"One of the surest methods of putting your opponent out of action is to
inflict a wound to his sword arm," Calixtus spoke, marking Taleena's
well-defined left forearm, tracing down to the slightly fleshier upper arm, the
arching hollow of her armpit and the upper part of her pectoral muscle, then
giving her right arm the same colouring.

	"Any wound to the legs will naturally impede your opponent's agility,"
he went on, taking up some new paint and smearing it over both sides of
Taleena's shapely thighs, her slender calves and the sinewy hollows of her
knees.  "But even a lame man can be dangerous!"

	When one of the Germans snorted in derision at this claim, Calixtus
turned on him angrily.  "So you find the idea amusing, do you?" he snapped at
the thoughtless recruit, who flinched back as the raging lanista planted himself
before him. "Do you remember Scaurus?"  Calixtus snapped, and when the
Rhinelander cast his eyes downward sheepishly, the former centurion shifted his
eyes from him to the others, but was met with but blank and uncomprehending
stares.

	Nodding at their mystified glances, Calixtus continued in a voice that
was low, but tinged with an almost palpable intensity. "Scaurus was the man who
took away your soup bowls today."

	Taleena turned her thoughts to the haggard, one-legged servant with the
basket, wondering how a scarecrow such as he had found his way into Calixtus'
lesson on gladiatorial combat.

	 "Yes," the lanista went on, gripping the table tightly.  "That limping
shell of a man was once one of the greatest fighters of Rome. I was one of many
thousands who saw him on his last day in the ring at the great amphitheatre of
Pompeii.  Thirty-two brave fighters from the four corners of the empire were
matched against each other, with the winners of each fight going on to the next
round. At the end of that long afternoon, Scaurus faced his final rival, a
red-bearded giant from the land of the Cimbri at the northern edge of the world. 
On and on they duelled, in sands stained with the blood of victors and
vanquished alike.  The sun was low in the west when Scaurus finally managed to
sever the Achilles' tendon of the Cimbrian, crippling him.  But from his knees,
the man from the hinterland lashed out with a blow that opened up the artery in
Scaurus' thigh, and cost him his leg." 

	Taleena and her comrades looked on in hushed disbelief. Even the
derisive German had been silenced by Calixtus' incredible tale.

	Having won his audience's rapt attention, Calixtus returned to his dire
topic, "And I've seen others lose more than a leg," he continued, in a voice
that had suddenly become less angry and yet somehow more heartfelt.   "In the
past Saturnalian Games, the crowd celebrated a daredevil volunteer from the
tiers. A magnificent fighter!" He paused a moment, looking out into space, as if
picturing the young champion in his mind's eye. "His father had named him
Icarius. He fought with the valor of Ajax before the walls of Troy, though armed
with only a short sword."  A faint smile creased the lanista's face as he
recalled the prowess of the young hero.  "Icarius duelled his professional
opponent, a retiarius who had overcome all of his previous challengers with
ease, for an hour before dealing the net-fighter a fatal blow to the chest.  But
when he turned toward the imperial box to accept the plaudits of the crowd and
his prize from the hands of the emperor, the retiarius, covered with gore, rose
up from the sand and thrust his trident into the young man's back with his dying
breath!"

	The air was so silent one could have heard a butterfly light on a rose
petal. 
		
	The lanista paused, and Taleena was surprised to see that the grim
chief-instructor, normally so stoic, seemed almost overcome by the memory of
those two bloody encounters. The old soldier's hand shook slightly, and his jaw
was set so that his voice had to fight its way through tightly clenched teeth,
as he pointed ominously toward his listeners.  "I repeat, 'Even a lame man is
able to fight.'  Listen to me, you fools!  Overconfidence has killed more
gladiators than the sharpest sword or the swiftest spear!  Never relax in the
ring! Not for a moment!!  Never!!!"

	Taleena, like the rest of the awe-struck recruits, was astonished by the
passion in Calixtus' voice, this grim ex-centurion who heretofore had always
been such a model of self-control.

	"Perhaps you may wonder," the perspiring lanista continued, addressing
the apprentices in a voice now choked with emotion, "why I speak so fervently on
this subject."  He took a long, shuddering breath before croaking faintly,
"Icarius was my only son."
	
	A pall had settled over the recruits, with none venturing to breathe,
much less to speak. Even the ever-chattering birds in the olive trees on the
nearby hillsides seemed to have muted their cries in response to the solemnity
of the moment 
	
	Taleena stood frozen in place, her nudity quite forgotten, pondering the
tragic end of young Icarius, the centurion's son.  The gods had punished him for
his pride and overconfidence, just as they had dealt with his namesake, the
impetuous Icarus who had dared to draw near to the sun on his winged flight from
Crete.

	After staring at the sunlit heavens for a long moment, Calixtus
recovered his composure, but there was still a quaver in his voice as he
concluded his anatomy lesson. 

	"Keep those words in mind when you resume your training. Now get back to
the training area!  And pray to Mars that you don't find yourself bleeding to
death in the arena because you were ogling this woman instead of attending to my
instructions!"

*  *  *

	Calixtus's rather crude concluding utterance had been an attempt to ease
the awkward tension of the moment, and it succeeded in doing so.  The recruits
quickly recovered their usual rugged energy but milled around rather aimlessly
before heading off for the training area.  Taleena felt relief that the
degrading spectacle in which she had played such a prominent role was now over,
but she was well aware that the lewd gazes of her comrades kept returning to her
red-and-gold-daubed body.  She bent gracefully down to pick up her garments, but
was forestalled by Byrria who hovered over her like an ominous bird of prey.
	
	 "Leave them!" the Thracian directed with a contemptuous sneer, as the
genuflecting blonde scooped up the loin-cloth in one hand and the strophium in
the other.  "Your comrades may need to refresh their recollections of the vital
spots while they train."  Byrria's remark was made in a tone of the utmost
seriousness, but there was an evil glint in her dark eyes that belied the
professionalism of her words.  Her attempt to degrade the Avernian recruit might
not have worked out to her complete satisfaction, but she clearly intended to
continue to use the powerful weapon of humiliation to provoke Taleena into a
reaction that even Calixtus would be compelled to condemn.
	
	But Taleena refused to snap at the bait. Trying to suppress a new blush
of humiliation which would have given Byrria the satisfaction of knowing her
shame, she calmly dropped the garments on the ground and rose to her full
height.  Then she stalked off toward the training ring, attempting, not quite
successfully, to emulate the dignity of Aphrodite emerging naked from the sea
foam, but not quite able to inhibit the natural bounce of her hips and the
sensual spring in her stride.

	Taleena had crossed nearly half the distance toward the center of the
ring, when she realized that yet another pair of eyes was on her body.  Rutilius
the Jackal stood some thirty paces ahead of her, in front of the guard house,
his greedy eyes never leaving Taleena's youthful form for an instant as she
marched toward him.  The pockmarked young guard leered at her nudity with
unabashed interest, enjoying the way her proud gait caused the well-toned
muscles in her thighs to tighten and gave her succulent breasts a delicious
added bounce.

	Taleena averted her gaze, but was furious at the thought that this
disreputable bit of scum, who would never have a fraction of the courage or
skill necessary to fight in the ring, had probably been watching while Calixtus
had put her body on display.   When she reached him, she brushed past him
without so much as a glance, with the sublime contempt of a prowling lioness for
a cowardly scavenger.

*  *  *

	When they arrived at the ring, Taleena took her sword from the rack and
watched Selia carefully while they waited for Byrria's approach. The Baetican
girl paid no attention to Taleena's nakedness, obviously intent on the business
at hand, taking her weapon properly in her left hand and making a few feints. 
As she watched her seemingly doomed comrade, Taleena's heart went out to the
slim, dark wraith of a girl, whose eyes were bereft of emotion, of life itself. 
There was only fear - the cold, dark shadow of fear - as Selia practiced in
eerie silence, hoping against hope that by some miracle she could fight with
enough distinction to escape another dreadful encounter at the whipping post.

	Despite her months on the galley, Taleena had never become accustomed to
moving around freely in the nude and the absence of her loin-cloth more than the
loss of her flimsy strophium made her feel highly vulnerable. Only the thin,
patchy patina of eye-catching crimson and gold shielded her nakedness from the
lusty glances of the males in the arena, fighters and guards alike, and she knew
that her breasts would make her suffer with the passing of time, their fullness
bouncing and swaying on her chest with every move.

	A small group of guards had congregated on the roof of one of the
buildings in the compound, hoping for a reprise of the exciting spectacle they
had witnessed when Byrria had pitted her two female charges against one another
during the first week of training. Taleena felt a warm flush of embarrassment
sweep across her body, suffusing it with the rosy blush of shame, as she
remembered how the Thracian tigress had bridled them with the Scythian Straps,
and forced them to fight on their knees, nude save for that inhumane harness,
while half the men of the Ludus Flavianus looked on. She still felt a faint tug
where the strap had cut into her most sensitive flesh, and the reminder of that
painful degradation augured ill for the forthcoming training session.

*  *  *
		
	Byrria began the final portion of the day's training with a brief review
of the prior day's lesson, whose focus had been on utilizing the proper footwork
in order to maximize the effectiveness of the various thrusts and ripostes. 
Impatient with the performance of her protegees, who were still exhausted from
the morning's run, Byrria used her crop liberally to punctuate her commands,
aiming chiefly at Selia's legs which were bare beneath her loincloth.  In the
case of Taleena, every inch of whose shapely body was available for
chastisement, she was more imaginative, occasionally aiming for the patches of
colour that brightened the blonde's arms and legs, belly and breasts, when
Taleena's agility failed to live up to her exacting standards.  But it was
Taleena's bare backside, unsullied by crimson and gold, that suffered most as
Byrria set about painting a series of red strokes on the curves that Calixtus'
brush had neglected.

	At one point when Taleena had borne yet another lash from the Thracian's
crop, she caught sight of Rutilius again, who had not bothered to join his
comrades on the roof.  Seeking a more rewarding vantage point, the young guard
had stationed himself near the smithy in the left corner of the compound, at
close range to the female recruits' training area.  But despite the nature of
their exercise, he took no interest in the footwork of the two young women.  He
focused instead on the long-legged Gaul's nude body, mesmerized by the way each
graceful stride, each lunge, each thrust shaped the muscles in her bare legs and
her crop-marked bottom cheeks, and gave a titillating bounce to her pendulous
breasts.  Taleena glared at him, but his cowardly gaze, while not daring to meet
her own, had clearly become bolder.  The once-furtive peeper no longer bothered
to hide his interest in her body - nor his arousal.

	Men were men, Taleena knew, and she had endured the stares of many at
sea.  But not even of the men of the Thetis, crewmen or rowers, had made her
feel more uneasy than this disgusting youth.  He was not even a man, this
callow, cowardly boy, who ogled her so greedily.  But her growing irritation at
the young lecher made her neglect her guard, which did not only earn her a
grazing blow from Selia, but also a punitive lash high on her right thigh from
Byrria.

	The sudden twinge of pain wrenched a shriek of surprise from Taleena,
and her angry blue eyes fired daggers at the leering Jackal as she struggled to
resume her poise. Although the stinging lash had fallen squarely on skin tell
tender from the brand she had received on her first day at  the arena,  she was
furious with herself for giving voice to her pain, and the more determined she
became to cheat the malevolent guard of his satisfaction.   But Rutilius
returned her indignant look with a sneer, as if he had some secret knowledge
that the painful lash on her thigh wouldn't be her last.  And something in his
malignant gaze led Taleena to believe that he pictured himself delivering the
next....

	From their more remote vantage point on the roof, the guardsmen watched
the blonde Avernian, her flaxen hair tossed lightly on her shoulders by the
afternoon breeze, with the gusto of a crowd in the upper tiers of the
amphitheatre.  A number of the men placed bets on who would land the next blow,
with those wagering on Taleena forced to lay heavy odds.  One of the senior
guards, a well-built, middle-aged man with short-cropped iron-gray hair and a
chin that seemed to have been fashioned from the same metal, looked on with a
knowing smile.  For he knew that the bets were in part a ruse, an excuse, for
the younger guardsmen to study every moment of the two shapely bodies in the
yard more intently than they would ever have watched even the most promising
male candidates.

	The Thracian lanista drilled her charges thoroughly, putting them
through exhausting paces for a solid hour, using her crop time and again to lash
out at the Gaul's bare buttocks whenever she dared to slacken the pressure on
her Spanish opponent. But Taleena had steeled herself to accept the blows
without complaint, so as to deny Rutilius the satisfaction of seeing her in
pain. As the long training session dragged on, the more her fatigue took her
mind off of her humiliating ordeal.
	
*  *  *

	During a brief break in the mid-afternoon, Larius, the young water-boy,
came forward and offered his services to the grateful recruits.  When all had
drunk their fill, Byrria spent some more time drilling the female recruits on
proper footwork before she decided to let them spar again.  Their last
sparring-match had resulted in a swift setback for Selia, and this time the
nimble, sad-eyed Baetican did her best to avoid a second defeat.  Her slight
stature suggested a real agility, but she was still clumsy with her left hand
and thus no real match for the athletic Avernian.  Sensing her superiority - and
ignoring Calixtus' dictum never to relax in the ring - Taleena held back a
little. She even allowed Selia to score an occasional glancing blow that she
could easily have eluded, out of sympathy for her opponent.  For Taleena, too,
had come to know the taste of failure.

	Byrria watched the two young women, the one tall, blonde, athletic, the
other slim, dark, and fragile, for a while as they thrust and parried and dodged
and weaved in the sand.  But the longer she watched the more irate she became as
it became more and more obvious that Taleena was fighting at less than full
strength in an attempt to make her friend look better and gain badly needed
confidence.

	Finally, the dark-eyed Thracian could restrain her impatience no longer.
"I've had enough play-acting from the two of you!  Do you imagine that you are
rehearsing to be slave-girls in one of Plautus's farces? The only stage on which
you will appear will be the dry dust of the arena! I think you need some fresh
opposition to stimulate your fighting spirit!" she snarled, before going over to
Calixtus and then returning with the chief instructor and two of the Germans.

	Taleena's heart sank when she saw Arminius, for she felt sure that she
would be matched against the mighty deserter who had given Germania Libera the
preference over his service in the Roman Legions.  But despite her own
self-concern, she felt sympathy for Selia, who would be even more overmatched
physically, by one of the Rhinelander's shorter but equally muscular countryman.

	Taleena had heard Calixtus address this thick-set thug as Bovarius,
obviously referring to his ox-like build, and making light of his actual German
name, Boiorix.  Of all the recruits, it was this rough-bearded Rhinelander's
rapacious eyes that had made the statuesque Gaul feel most uncomfortable during
Calixtus' demonstration.  During his brief stay at the Ludus Flavianus, the
stocky German had already proved himself to be the coarsest, loudest, and most
ignorant of the recruits - a combination not easily achieved in such a gathering
of slaves and prisoners, most of whom had never felt the slightest breath of
civilization in the whole of their dismal lives.

	 Despite his stubby stature, what Boiorix lacked in height, he made up
in width and body weight.  His squat build made him rather ponderous, though,
and his bulk had proved something of a handicap during the morning races.  But
the slender Baetican girl - who was no taller than he, and weighed less than
half as much - surely had no more chance against him than a flickering oil-lamp
would have had in a summer storm - or than Taleena was likely to have against
Arminius.
	
	Moments later the Avernian beauty did indeed find herself confronting
the giant German, who eyed his naked opponent up and down with manly interest,
shaking his head in disbelief, making no secret of the fact that he considered
it beneath his dignity to be paired against a woman, much less a woman who was
not even clad, much less wearing protective clothing.

	"Nice armour!" he scoffed derisively, his virile glance sweeping
leisurely over the red and yellow patches on Taleena's legs and midsection
before coming to rest on her heaving, crimson-dyed breasts.  He was fortunate
that his ribald quip had gone unremarked, save by the fuming Taleena, since the
recruits were forbidden to speak to each other during training. In the first
week, one of the Numidians who had been careless enough to comment briefly on
one of Calixtus' orders had spent the rest of the training silenced with a gag.

	But whereas Byrria would certainly have insisted on this form of
discipline if Taleena had spoken without permission, Calixtus was intent upon
training, not upon the over-meticulous enforcement of the code of conduct, and
he signalled for Arminius and Taleena to commence sparring.

	The pairings that Byrria had insisted upon were completely one-sided
from a physical point of view.  The mighty Arminius was a head taller than
Taleena, whose piercing blue eyes were on a level with his broad chest as they
crossed swords by way of initiating the match.  Having served with distinction
in the auxiliaries, Arminius was renowned for his skill with the spatha, the
cavalry sword used by the Roman legions.  But his confident mien made it clear
that he felt it unlikely that he would need to use more than a fraction of his
strength and skill to overcome a young woman of half his weight.

	The imposing German fended off Taleena's attempts at attack in a bored
manner, conveying to the watchers the idea that he could end the mismatch
whenever he chose.  Smiling confidently, he allowed Taleena to bring the fight
to him, repelling her every advance with apparent ease, his eyes never leaving
the graceful Gaul's sensuous body as she searched in vain for a chink in his
seemingly impenetrable defence.

	But despite his tenacious and skilful defence, Taleena noticed that the
German was a little uncomfortable facing a left-handed opponent - just as Byrria
had predicted during her first lesson - and he was also more than a little
distracted by the sight of the crimson and gold-daubed, bare-breasted beauty, as
she circled to her right looking for an opening.

	On the other hand, Taleena, too, was distracted - by the pitiable cries
of pain emanating from Selia whom Boiorix was bullying around the ring a short
distance away.  The German's wooden sword carried twice the weight of hers, and
he brushed her desperate defences aside with ridiculous ease.  But the brute
German sought not only to defeat the lithe Spaniard, but to crush her in spirit
and body.  He used his sword as a club, punishing Selia's upper arms and bare
legs with a series of sweeping blows, only occasionally interposing a thrust at
her breasts and belly. 
	
	After being driven around the ring several times, Selia, futilely trying
to defend herself against her opponent's overpowering onslaught, lost her
balance and fell backward onto her whip-scarred back.  She cried out in pain,
but the pitiless German was on her in an instant, driving a massive knee into
her solar plexus with such force that it drove every trace of air from Selia's
lungs and every ounce of fight from her body.

	"It's not quite so easy defending yourself against a real fighter, is
it?!" Byrria castigated the gasping girl, who had not the breath to respond,
even if she had had the words.   "It seems that a dozen lashes were not enough
to motivate you.  But do not fear," she added, "as your instructor I will do
whatever it takes to drill these lessons into you.   Whatever it takes," she
repeated with a sibilant smirk.  "That's enough! Let her up," she barked,
slapping the German ox smartly on his shoulder with her crop.

	Taleena, confronted by her own worthy foe, was only vaguely aware of
Selia's crushing and painful defeat and Byrria's menacing words. She saw that
her only chance to score some points against Arminius was to try to turn her
lack of height to an advantage, so she stayed in a low crouch, aiming her blows
at the lower part of the mighty German's body, finally managing to graze his
right thigh just below the edge of the simple white subligaculum that he wore
around his waist.  The blow was not especially painful, but his surprise at
receiving it opened his defence up for an incisive thrust at his kidney.

	Accompanied by cheers and catcalls from the tiers, Arminius let out an
angry bellow of pain, although the injury was mostly to his pride.  Not wishing
to lose face,  he fought with new resolve, not merely content to block Taleena's
nimble thrusts, but to repel them with such force that it was difficult for her
to remain in control of her sword.  After a few more such counters, he seized
the offensive, delivering a fierce blow to Taleena's upper arm that drew a cry
of pain from her lips.  Her arm nearly numbed by the blow, Taleena fought on
gamely but the next powerful blow from the German dashed the sword from her
hand.

	Taleena's weapon slid a few yards across the dusty ground, and the
towering German alertly positioned himself between her and the sword,
brandishing his own weapon to keep her at bay.  The trainers made no move to
stop the fight, so Taleena had little choice but to try to retrieve her weapon. 
She circled around the hulking Teuton like a bee hoping to sting a bear,
feinting first to the left and then to the right, and then, after a second
convincing half-step to the left that lured Arminius out of position, she
reversed course and dive-rolled to her right, just managing to snatch the hilt
of her sword with her right hand before rolling further to the right, and then
leaping to her feet in one swift motion in the way that Byrria had taught.
	
	The quickness of her manoeuvre did not fail to impress Arminius and even
the two lanistae nodded their approval at her boldness.  But there was no time
to savour the success of her sortie, because the German quickly seized the
initiative and hacked at her with a fierce downward swing. Taleena only managed
to block the blow because her sword had found its way into her right hand, which
she had been forbidden to use, but which was still of more use in defence than
her left. She managed to interpose her sword perpendicular to the crushing
downward force of the German's spatha, but that merely delayed the inevitable.
Giving her a contemptuous look of superiority, Arminius slowly forced her
blocking arm down, despite her desperate resistance.  Then he suddenly slackened
the pressure, and before Taleena could regain her balance and reposition her
sword effectively, he lashed out with a fierce upward backhand.

	Taleena cried out as the impact of his blow lifted her off her feet, and
sent her sprawling flat on her back. She tasted blood in her mouth from the gash
on her lip and lay there, unable to move and barely able to breathe.  Arminius
stepped over her naked body quickly, his massive figure silhouetted against the
puffy clouds in the azure sky like a two-eyed Cyclops.  Taleena groped awkwardly
for her sword, but the German's huge foot quickly pinned her slender wrist to
the ground. An instant later the blue-eyed Avernian felt the blunt point of the
German's spatha against the smooth skin of her throat.

	"This would be a good chance for you to practice how to beg for pity
from the crowd," Calixtus admonished her mockingly, as he and Byrria moved
closer to the scene.

	A gloating smile crossed the German's features as he slowly drew the tip
of his sword downward over Taleena's painted chest. The defeated blonde held her
breath when the sword's descent slowed noticeably upon reaching the upper slope
of her crimson-splashed left breast, and then inched downward at a snail's pace,
testing and teasing the fullness of the slightly-flattened mound of flesh.  When
he reached its pink-crested center, Arminius pressed the hard tip of his spatha
against the tender tip of Taleena's breast with enough force to cause her to
gasp with pain, before letting the sword continue on its pleasant excursion
across the tender undercurve of her breast, and then down across her chest.

	The slow-moving sword finally came to rest at the base of Taleena's rib
cage.  Arminius pressed the blade firmly against the red-stained blotch beneath
her left costal arch - for it was precisely here that Calixtus had designated as
the place where the fatal thrust should be given, once a defeated foe had
received the wrong end of the emperor's thumb.

	Taleena glared upward furiously at her grinning conqueror, trying to
ease the racing of her heart and the pounding of her lungs, but she refused to
raise her hand to acknowledge defeat in the manner in which they had been taught
by Calixtus.   Stubbornness had been no stranger to Taleena during her stint on
the galley, but she sensed that her trainers were unlikely to spare her the
humiliation of conceding her obvious defeat.

	"So show us how you will implore the pity of the crowd!" Calixtus, a man
who did not like to repeat himself, growled again.  "It is said that it is
difficult for a leopard to change her spots," he said, his eyes wandering freely
over the bright patches of red and gold that adorned the most vulnerable areas
of Taleena's body, "but with your pattern of colouring, who would wish to?" 

	Byrria's lip curled sardonically at this gibe, and Arminius looked
amused, too, which only increased the humiliation of the object of their
derision. Taleena's eyes flared up with anger, her nostrils dilating unwillingly
as she hesitated to obey, but she saw that despite his attempt at a joke,
Calixtus's eyes were those of a man of the utmost seriousness.
	
	"Come on, raise your hand," the stern instructor insisted, his voice now
sharp and humourless. "Mind you, while death may be the outcome, there is no
shame in losing a fight to a stronger foe.  But if you continue to ignore my
orders, you're in for a demerit!  Besides," he added with a patronizing smile,
"no one is looking at your hand anyway!"

	Taleena flushed crimson, once again supremely conscious of her nudity
and the lascivious stares of the male recruits who had arranged themselves in a
tight circle around her fallen body.  She inferred from Calixtus' words that she
had so far escaped a demerit, at least from him, for her rather dismal
performance on the track and her inadmissible use of her right hand during the
fight with Arminius.  She quickly weighed her options before deciding to swallow
her pride.  She could ill afford another black mark on Byrria's wax tablet, and
she closed her eyes to shut out the sight of the gleeful trio, and raised her
left hand.  As she did so she felt a flush of shame as deep as the one she had
experienced when she had been made to strip before the class earlier in the
afternoon. Fortunately, her ignominious gesture of surrender signalled the end
of a humiliating day.

	"Well then, she shall be pardoned since she has truly learned today's
lesson," Calixtus stated gravely and then turned his wrist thumb upward as if he
had actually spared her life.  Then, with an amused expression, the stocky
ex-centurion turned toward the recruits and said, "Let's call it a day!"

*  *  *
	
	When Taleena entered the tepidarium a short time later, all of the
basins were already occupied. Arminius and his German countrymen lay in the
pool, resting their arms on its rim, joking and laughing. Their conversation
died down briefly upon her entrance, but then it started up again, in a lower
tone which convinced Taleena that her humiliating exhibition and defeat had been
the cause of their recent outburst.

	Since she had no interest in joining her uncouth fellows, she walked
across to the fountain to wash herself, and picked up a strigil with which she
could scrape the paint and grime from her body.  During her duel with Arminius
the dried paint had partially flaked off her skin, but she found it particularly
uncomfortable to scrape the remaining caked-on varnish from the pebbly roseates
of her shapely breasts.   Conscious of the fact that the Germans were watching
her with some amusement, she turned away from them, but there were equally
interested spectators lounging in the basins in every corner of the room. 

	 Blushing furiously, the colourfully-smeared blonde turned back toward
the Rhinelanders, pretending to ignore their coarse laughter while she scraped
at her tender flesh.  But it was difficult not to feel humiliated by their crude
sexual allusions to her painted body and the derisive comments on her swordplay.
Her left arm was still numb from Arminius' bone-crushing blow and there was
still a slight ringing in her ears, but the ringing was not so loud that the
scathing laughter of the Rhinelanders didn't cut her to the quick. This day had
clearly been a degrading setback in her efforts to earn distinction at the Ludus
Flavianus.

	But since there was nowhere to hide from the prying eyes of her fellow
recruits, Taleena was obliged to search within herself for a means of preserving
her  preserve her pride and dignity.  "Make the best of things," her mentor
Eudocles had often counselled her, "for a bad situation could always be worse."
Remembering his curious way of coming up with an age-old story to illustrate how
to cope with life's challenges, Taleena caught sight of her nude reflection in
the fountain, and imagined herself as Diana the Huntress, bathing in a pool in
an idyllic forest. She saw herself as the chaste goddess, discovered at her bath
by a pack of muscular Actaeons, whom she could turn into stags or worse, for
having the effrontery to observe her in her nakedness.

	To compound their voyeuristic blasphemy, Taleena the Huntress stretched
her arms upward slowly in an attempt to relieve her muscular discomfort.  That
languorous motion drew her golden belly-skin tight across the gentle protrusion
of her rib cage even as it lifted her moist, glistening breasts to their fullest
extension.  She bent over to pick up a dripping sponge, knowing the movement
would cause her buttock and thigh muscles to tense suggestively, and then she
began to sponge her body as slowly and as provocatively as she knew how. 

	The raucous laughter of the Actaeons from the far bank of the Rhine died
away as they watched, spellbound, as the blonde demi-goddess flaunted her tawny
body, turning and, bending and stroking herself with the sponge.  For this
Gallic Diana, in her fancy, knew that the longer and more avidly the voyeurs
watched, the lowlier the beasts they would become, once she took her ultimate
revenge.  For Taleena, it was a bitter satisfaction, but a real one,  to drive
these brutish barbarians wild with a desire that they were forbidden to satisfy,
for the punishment for sexual contact between trainees was bound to be swift,
sure and severe.  

	Finally, Taleena, tired of tantalizing her watchers and stepped, sleek
and dripping, from the basin to reach for the tunic she had been ordered to
remove hours earlier.  She dressed quickly and left the bathhouse, by now a
little annoyed at herself for playing such a dangerous game with Boiorix and his
countrymen.

	 As she trudged back to her quarters, she ruminated over the fact that
Byrria had apparently taken no notice of her offence during the duel, when she
had used her right hand to defend herself.  But despite Calixtus' pardon she was
not altogether sure that the other instructor, the malevolent Thracian, had not
marked her down for a demerit.



XVI.

	As the second week progressed, Taleena felt fortunate that it did not
involve further degradations like those of the first day. The mornings continued
to be filled with the familiar rounds of fitness training while the afternoons
continued to be devoted to improving the recruits' swordplay and footwork.

	After her failure in the first run - if not achieving the impossible
could be considered a failure - her running performance was impeccable, and her
results in the taxing circuit training continued to improve.  Since she was
exclusively matched against Selia during the swordplay lessons, Taleena quickly
regained her former self-confidence which had been utterly demolished by her
crushing defeat at the hands of Arminius.

	Judging by her own standards, even the Spaniard made considerable
strides with her swordplay, although she was still far from being a serious
opponent. Driven by an all-consuming determination not to fail again, and thus
not to suffer the rigors of the whipping post, Selia strove hard and ambitiously
to score some points.  Impressed by Selia's new-found dedication, Taleena
permitted the sad-eyed Baetican to penetrate her defences occasionally, if only
to raise her spirits.  Being honest with herself, Taleena had to admit that her
generosity toward the Spaniard wasn't completely selfless - it helped nourish
her own self-confidence after all - but who could judge her since her actions
seemed to benefit both women?

*  *  *

	It was not until the fifth day of the second week that the instructors
began to toughen up the training once again. They scheduled another competitive
run at the beginning of the day, and as the recruits assembled alongside the
track they were once again confronted by daunting new challenges that their
trainers had conceived to test their mettle.

	The track had once again been prepared with six of the lattices that
they had seen before, two of each type, spaced equidistantly around the track. 
But this time the broken tiles on which the recruits had been made to do
press-ups on the second day of training were scattered beneath the horizontal
lattices, and, what was worse, spread on either side of them.  The runners would
be obliged to leap across the shattered shards to mount the lattice, and then
vault over them during their dismount.

	The oblique obstacles were positioned as they had been during the first
week, but the vertical barriers also featured a nasty new 'improvement'.  A
crown of finger-thick, thorn-bearing vines had been woven in spiral fashion
around the top of the framework, so that the recruits would have to climb over
them with the utmost caution.

	In addition to the half-dozen lattices, there were two new pairs of
hurdles to contend with on the track, one at the midpoint of the oval track, and
the other close to the finishing line.  The cross-bars were somewhat less than
chest-high on Taleena, and thus a little too high to jump over, but since they
would be ridiculously easy to crawl under, Taleena wondered at their purpose.

	The horizontal bar of each hurdle had also been wrapped with the same
thorn-vines, and the recruits were still puzzling at their odd shape when Byrria
strode boldly toward the nearer of the two pairs of hurdles, which had been
placed about twenty paces from the finish line.

	"You are no doubt wondering why we would place an obstacle that is so
easy to crawl through on the track," Byrria smiled wickedly.  "The reason is
because you are supposed to pass under them without letting your hands or knees
touch the ground."

	Taleena considered this.  But surely it would be child's play to simply
crouch down and scuttle under the bar?

	"Nor," Byrria continued, "are you permitted to bend forward from the
waist," thus ruling out Taleena's plan of attack.  "You are to bend backward
from the waist.  Like this."  And the well-toned Thracian planted herself in
front of the obstacle, and then bent her body backwards and began to ease
herself under the thorny bar, her feet preceding her body, using a shuffling
crab-like gait. When her upper body had passed under the bar completely, she
straightened up again and turned around. "Got it?" she shouted. "Size and
strength won't help you here," she admonished them. You will need litheness and
flexibility to succeed here - just like in the ring! And don't let me catch you
using your arms to help you pass through them!"

	Taleena didn't know if those hurdles had been set up in favour of the
female recruits, but clearly they posed fewer problems for herself and Selia.
Despite the daunting thorns, the girls would have little difficulty passing
under the bar in the designated way, whereas none of the men seemed lithe enough
or small enough to do so. But Calixtus' next announcement negated this small
advantage.

	"But since flexibility alone will not succeed in the ring either unless
it is accompanied by strength and fighting spirit," the bald lanista explained,
referring to Byrria's comment,  "you will be paired against each other - and any
means is allowed to throw your opponent off pace!"

	"You and you," Byrria pointed at Taleena and one of the Numidians,
before making the other pairings.  Selia was matched against the thick-set
Boiorix who had beaten her so unmercifully during the sword-play a few days
earlier, while Arminius would have to contend with the other Numidian, which
left the two remaining Germans to face each other.

	Taleena was shocked that she and Selia should be set against male
adversaries for what might prove to be a brutal contest. The first obstacle race
of this kind had proved to be a rather well-balanced competition, but on that
occasion there had been no question of tackling one's opponent.  Selia might
well have a chance to elude her ponderous opponent if she were quick and clever,
but the two Numidians were formidable adversaries - both were excellent runners
and leapers beside having a considerable advantage in strength over the women. 

	Syphax, for that was the name of the Numidian she was paired against -
the one who had been gagged for talking back to Calixtus in the first week -
was, in this event, an even more dangerous foe than Arminius, faster, quicker,
and more agile. Taleena had no doubt but that the ill-willed Thracian had
matched her against the most formidable foe deliberately, in the hope of seeing
her come to grief.

	Taleena studied her opponent's dark face, but was unable to detect any
reaction to their pairing.  His apparent indifference made it seem as if the
match-up was of less moment to him than it was to her.  Taleena was impressed
with the way the African's demeanour balanced seriousness and unconcern in a way
that was most unsettling to his opponents.  She made a mental note to try harder
to mask her own emotions before and during important competitions.  Certainly
the less one's opponent knew about one's state of mind, the better off one was.

	But her musings on mental gamesmanship were interrupted when Calixtus
gave them, the first pairing, the signal to start.  She and Syphax each set off
confidently, running side by side until they approached the first obstacle - one
of the flat lattices.

	Taleena had measured her stride so that she was in position to leap over
the arm-long expanse of broken tiles that guarded the approach to the obstacle,
but just as she was about to do so, Syphax, taking Calixtus at his word, elbowed
her sharply in the side, with a suddenness that took her completely off guard. 
The blonde recruit slumped to her knees in front of the tiles, gasping for
breath.  She tried to rise, fell back on one knee and then struggled to her feet
again and started after the Numidian.

	Holding her side in pain, the long-legged Gaul just managed to hop over
the tiles to mount the lattice, hoping not to lose more ground to her opponent,
who was already approaching the second obstacle.  Once atop the wooden
framework, she negotiated it well, and then balanced herself to leap from its
far edge to land safely beyond the bed of tiles at its end.
	
	She dashed down the track toward the second obstacle, an inclined
lattice, trying to decide whether to risk the leap from the top, which would
certainly gain time on her opponent, who was letting himself down by hand as
Selia had done during the prior week.  Her knees and ankles weren't hurting as
they had been before, but a twisted knee or a turned ankle would leave her
hobbling - at best - for the remainder of the race.  Hobbling to certain defeat.

	But since she was trailing badly, Taleena elected to risk it.  After
scrambling to the top of the oblique barrier she threw herself into space,
feeling the air sifting through her long blonde hair as she flew, even as she
braced herself for a painful fall.  The bone-jarring impact when she hit the
ground sent a shivering jolt through her entire body, and she felt a painful tug
where the Scythian Strap had cut into her flesh. Despite her attempt to cushion
her landing somewhat with a nimble drop-and-roll, the impetus gathered by her
brief flight caused her to roll over twice, during which she sustained tiny
cinder-cuts to her arms and legs.

	But Taleena rose quickly and pressed on down the track toward the next
barrier, one of the vertical obstacles whose upper crosspiece had been lined
with the thorn-vines.  She tackled the climb aggressively, but slowed her pace
considerably when she reached the top.  Her hands sought for a thornless spot
she could grasp while she swung a bare leg across the edge, trying not to
consider the effect of a slip while she was in this precarious straddling
position.  Finding a hand-hold, she vaulted up and over, feeling the stabbing
pressure of the sturdy thorns against her soft inner thighs, but somehow her
taut skin resisted the sharp intruders.  Having surmounted the dangerous edge,
Taleena dropped down on the other side, only to realize that she had gained
nothing on the Numidian who was now nearing the first hurdle.

	Syphax slowed down as he approached it, and as Taleena had expected, he
failed to pass it in the recommended back-bending fashion.  He fell backward,
spitting imprecations in an unknown African tongue, and then made a second
futile attempt, before deciding to crawl through it on all fours.

	When Taleena reached the hurdle a few moments later she tackled it in
the proper style, leaning backward at the waist and neck and shuffling forward,
passing under the bar without touching it, noting as she did so that her
uptilted breasts cleared the entwining thorns on the crosspiece by the narrowest
of margins.  Whereas Byrria had eased under the bar comfortably during her
demonstration, Taleena's height and opulence of figure both worked against her. 
As she often had on the Thetis, she wished that the goddess Venus had not
blessed her with curves that had attracted a man like Balbinus, and which now
put her body at additional risk.
	
	Continuing down the track at a furious pace, Taleena knew that she had
made up some ground on Syphax at the hurdle, but she also knew that she would
have to stay right on his tail, but out of his reach, and wait for the right
moment to tackle him.  She had no doubt that her stamina, born of the long hours
on the galley bench, would see her through ten laps of racing,  but not if she
was being pounded every stride of the way by the Numidian's flying fists and
elbows!

	So she remained safely in his wake while they negotiated the next three
lattices - a flat, then an oblique, then a vertical - until they reached the
second hurdle not far from the finish line, while their comrades stood at the
side of the track watching the duel.

	The two lanistae had positioned themselves at the final hurdle to see
that it was passed in the proper fashion, and when Syphax failed again,
Calixtus' used his gnarled vine cane to induce the tall African to three more
attempts, before finally allowing him to pass.  Meanwhile Taleena eased her body
under the thorn-bar on her side of the track at her first attempt, and as she
continued onward she could hear gasps of approval from some of the onlookers and
groans of disappointment from others.

	The hurdle had allowed her to overtake the Numidian without having to
tangle with him, and allowed her to build a lead of several strides.  On she
ran, crossing the upcoming flat lattice and leaping well-clear of the perilous
moat of tiles at its end. She was well aware that keeping clear of her foe was
probably the only way to win the race, and she continued to approach each
obstacle with the proper respect lest the shards or thorns should hurt her, or
worse, slow her pace.  She kept her distance over the Numidian during the
following laps, but she knew that it would become more and more difficult as the
race wore on.
  
	Taleena clung to most of her narrow lead, but steadily mounting fatigue
made even the easier obstacles more challenging.  By the time eight laps had
been completed, both contestants were gasping for air, their legs were leaden,
and the Numidian's superior strength had drawn him ever-closer.  Hearing the
Numidian close behind her, the exhausted Avernian, her heart pounding for fear
of being overtaken, missed her footing on one of the flat lattices and first one
foot and then the other slipped through the wooden grid and fell down into the
shards strewn underneath.  When Taleena climbed back on to the wooden framework,
the soles of her bare feet were cut where the sharp-edged fragments of tile had
cut into the skin.
	
	It took a good half a lap for Taleena to become habituated to the
soreness in her feet, and for her hobbling gait to lengthen into a full running
stride once again, but during that interval Syphax made up the distance between
them. He caught up with her at the base of the vertical trellis, slamming a dark
fist between her shoulder blades with such force that she crashed chest-first
into the fence. Following up on his advantage, the Numidian grabbed a handful of
Taleena's blonde mane and pulled her backward.  Taleena shrieked in pain but
managed to grab the off-balance African's wrist and take him down with her.

	Taleena fought like a lioness, kneeing, punching and elbowing the man
who in turn tried to choke her, and their sweat-slippery bodies became encrusted
with grime as they rolled around on the ground tearing at each other's faces,
hair, body and clothing.  First one and then the other almost made it to their
feet, but each time their opponent pulled them down again.  Finally, after
taking a lip-splitting backhand across the face, the Avernian pulled free from
the Numidian and leapt for the fence-like barrier again.  Clinging to it
desperately, she began her upward climb until she felt a restraining hand on her
weighted ankle.  She kicked downward savagely with her free foot, catching her
pursuer flush in the face.  The African cried out in pain and loosened his grip,
allowing the tawny feline to continue her ascent.
	
	As she reached the top Taleena glanced down to see Syphax lying sprawled
on the ground, his hands cradling his blood-spurting nose. She regarded him with
neither pity nor mere satisfaction, but with rather a flush of triumph unlike
any she had ever known, one which only the thrill of battle could produce, a
thrill tempered only by the realization that in battle, most victories are
transitory at best.

	As she threw her body over the top of the thorn-wrapped trellis, one of
the prickly spines opened a bloody gash on the inside of her left thigh. The
fierce fight had left Taleena badly hurt and gasping and unconscious of the fact
that Syphax had wrenched her breast-wrap down and around so that the dusty,
sweat-soaked muslin was little more than a rope of fabric beneath her breasts. 
It was only when the bloody-footed blonde had once again picked up speed and was
racing down the track that she realized that her ample breasts were
unencumbered, being supported, in a manner of speaking, by the thin band of
cloth, rather than covered by it. She slowed and tried to adjust the garment in
mid-stride, but was fearful of having it come completely undone.  Then, hearing
Syphax's footsteps pounding close behind her, she knew that there was no time to
fix it properly, and she resumed running at full speed, even though her every
step caused her breasts to bounce uncomfortably against the ruined fabric.
Taleena forced herself onward, approaching her hard-won victory with each
trudging, breast-abrading step, and completed her final lap with a considerable
margin over the defeated Syphax, whose face and chest was covered with blood,
but who looked  more seriously injured than was really the case.
	
	The two combatants were sent off to Athenodoros and his unctores, who
quickly patched them up and when they returned to the training area, bathed and
clad in fresh garments, they were permitted to watch the outcome of the
remaining races.  The unexpected break from drill and competition had done them
both good.  The ever-impassive Numidian seemed to have resigned himself to his
defeat, neither saying nor doing anything to suggest that he bore Taleena a
grudge.  But his dark eyes, peering out from among the bandages that enshrouded
his broken nose, gave no hint as to what he might be thinking.

*  *  *

	The races lasted the entire morning, so for once the recruits were
spared the gymnastics and the circuit training. Arminius lost his race against
the other Numidian, but the biggest surprise was Selia who actually won her
first competition. Having witnessed what had happened to Taleena, the little
girl had given her thick-set opponent the slip right from the start, and with
surprising speed and agility she had held her lead for the full ten circuits of
the track thus avenging, in part, her mistreatment at his hands earlier in the
week.

	Bovarius had not even come close to her, and his defeat not only earned
him the scorn and derision of his comrades, but also almost certainly a black
mark on Calixtus' wax tablet. Taleena wasted no pity on him. Although she had
not seen the full extent of his cruelty in his bout with Selia, in her two short
weeks at the Flavian arena she had grown weary of the burly man's bragging - as
if brute force were any indicator of speed or skill.  And Boiorix, too, had been
the crudest of her 'admirers' yesterday.  Taleena was happy for her female
friend, and glad that, for once, Selia had had a chance to shine.

	During the afternoon's sword-practice, Taleena, believing that her
subtle holding back during prior practices had allowed Selia to build the
confidence that had helped her to victory over the ox-like German, once again
fought at less than her full strength, not wanting to spoil the Baetican girl's
thrill at her morning victory.  And so it was that both young women ended the
day feeling the flush of a satisfaction that, in the cruel world of the Ludus
Flavianus, neither might ever know again.
	
*  *  *

	When Taleena returned from the bath house that evening, still in a
buoyant mood, she spotted little Larius, in a tunic of faded Flavian blue,
playing at the far end of the arena. She had seen him doing so on previous
occasions when the training area had been abandoned by the fighters.  It always
seemed incongruous to see the young water-boy playing in an area that was home
to so much suffering, but where else, really, she asked herself, should he have
gone?
	
	Larius had a wooden bat in one hand with which he drove a leathern,
fist-sized ball over the uneven ground, faster and faster, showing a remarkable
skill at propelling the ball forward in a relatively straight line in front of
him.  As Larius bounded across the yard, Taleena was struck by the resiliency of
youth; even though the boy seemed to have no playmates, their absence didn't
seem to spoil his enjoyment of his solitary sport in the least.

	Taleena sat down on the steps in front of the bath house and watched the
little boy as he advanced toward her side of the compound, and as she did, his
carefree high spirits reminded her of her own days of childhood. With a faint
smile she recalled how she and her elder brothers had played ball or
hide-and-seek on their father's farm whenever the weather and the completion of
the day's chores had permitted any free time out-of-doors. Just like little
Larius, they had played until the sun had set or their father had called them
in.
	
	But the warmth that rose within her at her memories was tinged by a
rueful sadness, a regret that those moments and hours in the sun were
irretrievably gone, and by a bitterness at how the implacable Fates had treated
her since then. What, she wondered, did the three grey sisters have in store for
this innocent young lad, himself a slave, whose heart was kind and who probably
wanted little more from life than his own hour in the sun. She prayed that the
Fates would treat him with more kindness than they had treated herself.

	Meanwhile Larius had almost reached her side of the arena, and with a
fierce final strike he drove the ball towards the building. It hit the leftmost
column of the bath house, and the carom sent the ball flying toward the far wall
of the compound, where it came to rest in front of the guard house.

	In front of the guard house, three armed sentinels were sitting astride
their bench, enjoying the sunset that marked the end of their vigil. Rutilius
was one of them, and when he saw the ball rolling towards them, he rose from his
seat and picked up the toy, and held it out tauntingly toward Larius, beckoning
for him to try to take it from his hands. But the little boy seemed to have
played and lost this hopeless game of keep-away with Rutilius before, and he
merely stood there imploringly, with his hands out, hoping against hope that the
guard would return the ball. 

	Taleena felt herself growing more anxious as Larius continued to eye the
contemptible guard warily, and made no attempt to take the ball from his hands. 
Watching the standoff, Taleena became incensed that Rutilius' bullying nature
had served to befoul even this most serene of moments. The pockmarked youth held
the ball for a while, trying to lure its young owner into reaching for it, but
when Larius still made no move to retrieve the ball, Rutilius grew bored with
his heartless game and hurled it high over the wall of the compound with a
snort.

	Little Larius watched the sad, arching flight of the ball in abject
misery, dumbfounded by the loss of his precious toy, and then turned abruptly
and set off in the direction of the kitchen of the staff building, his eyes
brimming with tears.

	Taleena clenched her fists in outrage, and noticed that the older of
Rutilius' companions, an iron-jawed soldier whose once-brown military haircut
was now streaked with grey, had groaned and shaken his head at the younger
guard's meanness. Perhaps it was his silent condemnation of  Rutilius which
determined Taleena's decision to confront the nasty youth - and helped her to
overcome her own fearfulness of his rank, if not his person.  She rose from her
place resolutely and strode slowly across the yard, not without admonishing
herself along the way to try to keep the imminent confrontation well-tempered
enough so that it didn't fester into an incident that could be used against her.

	When she reached the guard house, she planted herself before the trio of
surprised watchmen, fixing her blue eyes on the youngest of the three.
	
	"What a fine lad you are, Rutilius!" she said, stressing his name. "When
you're not spying on young women, you're harassing little children!"

	The other guards met her jibe with a cackle of laughter, while Rutilius
flushed angrily, unhappy at being accused in such a contemptuous way in front of
his peers, especially by a female recruit to whom he felt vastly superior. And
whose remembered charms had brought him such pleasure in the stillness of the
night...

	"Truly a fine lad," Taleena continued scornfully, though she felt her
knees trembling more than a little.   "Not one of Rome's finest, one should
think, but a fine lad nonetheless."

	"Take care how you speak to a guard in the service of Flavius Autronius,
wench," Rutilius retorted, glancing at his disapproving comrades, hoping to win
their support. "From what I hear, you were nothing more than a galley-whore! 
I'll bet you liked it at ramming speed, didn't you, slut?"

	The disparaging address made Taleena flinch inwardly, but she kept her
outward composure when she took up his statement. "It is true that I was a rower
on a galley.  But I am no more a whore than you are a man!"
	
	 Rutilius took a step toward her angrily, but Taleena stopped him with a
withering look.  "I did not come over here to offend you," she said calmly, "but
if you feel offended, why don't you demand satisfaction? But mind you, I'm not a
little boy, I'm a grown woman, so you may need your comrades to assist you!"

	The two other guards once again roared their delight at Taleena's latest
provocation, but neither made the slightest motion to step forward to join
Rutilius.  "Well, go ahead, lad," the grey-haired man encouraged Rutilius, "but
don't take on more than you can handle!" And once again the two older guards
broke into laughter at their comrade's expense.   When the surly young guard
realized that he would have to take on Taleena by himself, he stood rooted to
the spot glaring at her hatefully while the scathing scorn of his peers washed
over him, and he made no move to take up Taleena's challenge.

	Taleena turned and forced herself not to look back over her shoulder
while she strode slowly back toward the staff building. Her pulse raced with
excitement over the victorious outcome of her verbal skirmish with Rutilius, all
the more so since she could still hear the guards' mocking laughter echoing
behind her. But she could also feel Rutilius' venomous gaze following her and
she sensed that she had crossed the Rubicon with the young bully.  She knew that
henceforth she would have to be continually on her guard whenever that cruel but
craven young man was in the vicinity
	
*  *  *

	As Taleena approached the staff building she spotted flashes of Flavian
blue and auburn hair under one of the tables in the outdoor dining area.
Cautiously she inched toward the hatchway of the kitchen until she was close
enough to see that Larius had hidden himself under a table. He sat dejectedly on
the ground with his knees pulled up and his face buried in his arms. His boyish
shoulders shook convulsively as one pitiful sob after another shook his young
body as he mourned the loss of his only toy.

	Moved by the pathetic scene, Taleena took a step forward to comfort the
grief-stricken child, but then thought better of it.  The boy had concealed
himself after all, to hide what he viewed as shameful tears.  As she re-traced
her steps to the recruits' quarters, she heaped silent imprecations upon
Rutilius, who had made this innocent child suffer merely to satisfy his spite. 
Was the Roman world not cruel enough without the mistreatment of children?
	
	As she headed towards the staff building she cast a glance at the dark
post that dominated the yard, and shivered as she remembered that the next
assessment was only two days away.  Which of the recruits, she wondered, would
feel the crack of the whip when Calixtus had done tallying his grim score?

	Trembling at the thought of that fearful consequence,  Taleena passed
the forbidding cross only to be startled by the sight of a brown snake, lying
motionless and half-visible in a sandy area a few paces away.  After recoiling
at first, Taleena cautiously edged closer and then smiled to herself a little
sheepishly.  The 'snake' was in fact only a length of rope that had been cast
aside some days earlier, and which had since been trodden underfoot so many
times that it had sunk partway into the dusty ground.  She picked it up, noting
that it was about the length of a man's stride, and then an inspiration seized
her. 

	She retraced her steps toward the kitchen, noting with some relief that
the guards had moved on to patrol another area.  Larius's pathetic sobs were
still audible.  Taleena took up a position with her back obliquely to the boy's
hiding place, giving no sign that she had seen him, and then she took an end of
the rope in each hand and swung it over her head.
	
	Her first attempt at jumping the rope was misjudged, as she intended,
and the rope slapped against the ground loudly enough to draw Larius attention. 
Still pretending not to notice him, she tried again, this time allowing her feet
to get snarled up in the rope.  The sobs coming from the direction of the table
stopped, and she heard a faint chuckle of boyish laughter.
	
	Her heart glowing with the success of her ploy, Taleena flubbed her jump
twice more, as Larius' gentle laughs grew into prolonged giggles.  By now she
thought it was safe to look at him and glanced over at Larius as if surprised to
see him.  He had wiped the tears from his red-rimmed eyes and they once again
sparkled with the glow of childish fun that they had had when he had been
batting the ball from one end of the compound to the other.

	Taleena smiled at him, and jumped again, this time sweeping the rope
under her feet with a gymnast's grace, even though she felt a painful tug where
the Scythian Strap had cut into her flesh when the rope came down. But she
repeated the motion again, and yet again, showing the boy how to time his leap.

	Then Taleena offered Larius the rope. The freckle-faced redhead
approached her, smiling, but wary of tricks, but she held the rope outstretched
until he took it from her hand.  Taleena showed him how to hold it slightly in
from the ends to compensate for his smaller stature.  Larius smiled brightly,
nodded with understanding and jumped - and got so snarled up in the rope that
they both erupted in laughter.  But the boy was clever and nimble and in the
space of a few attempts, he had got the rhythm of the rope and was bouncing
joyfully in place.

	Taleena stepped back, and took Larius' place on the ground, leaning back
against the tabletop, and watched the jubilant child skip rope, his slender
silhouette rising and falling against the golden-red backdrop of the setting
sun.  He jumped and jumped, with the boundless joy and inexhaustible energy of
youth, bringing a lump to Taleena's throat.  Her azure-blue eyes began to fill
with tears of happiness, for this was the first time in months that she had seen
an innocent person genuinely happy.
	
	How strange were the workings of the Fates, she thought, as a tear ran
down her cheek.  How ironic that this rope, which had once bound a helpless
victim to the whipping post of the Ludus Flavianus, was now bringing such
carefree pleasure to its youngest resident.
      
	A moment later, upon seeing her tears, Larius brought the swinging rope
to a sudden halt, and offered it once again to Taleena, believing her tears to
be those of a child whose turn had come to an end.  When she returned his smile
and shook her head softly, 'no,' at Larius' generous offer to sacrifice his own
pleasure, and made a gesture with her hand for him to return to his sport, his
smile lit up the twilight like a harvest moon.

*  *  *
	
	On the following day, Taleena was still in high spirits, not only due to
her confrontation with Rutilius from which she had emerged as the moral victor,
but also due to the heart-warming encounter with young Larius. She could still
see the child's smile, and its remembrance seemed to cast a gentle glow into
even the darkest corners of the Flavian compound. Besides, her good performance
over the last few days had left her relatively sure that she had little to fear
from the forthcoming assessment. Apart from her failures on the first day of the
week, she felt confident that she had given the stern lanistae little cause to
mark a demerit alongside her name.
	
	Near the end of that sixth day which concluded the second training unit,
Byrria scheduled another series of sparring matches.  This time Taleena was
matched against Boiorix, the German aurochs who had battered Selia earlier in
the week, and had then been trounced by her in the obstacle race. Selia was
paired with Syphax, the Numidian with the swollen nose.

	It was fortunate for Selia that she did not have to take on the stocky
German, for after his disgraceful defeat he had made no secret of his desire to
thrash her even more soundly during their next meeting.  As it was, for the
moment he would have to be content in taking his wrath out on her proud
protector who had shielded the girl from Byrria's wrath during the week as best
as she could.  Though properly fearful of the prodigious German, Taleena was
thankful that it was she, and not Selia, who was matched against him.

	She was no match for the brute in sheer power, to be sure, but his angry
grudge might well make the slow-witted bully use ill-considered tactics. 
Furthermore his fighting style, which depended solely on his awesome strength,
was eminently predictable.  And despite Calixtus' heartfelt admonitions, the
squat warrior from the far side of the Rhine was too thick-headed to abandon his
confidence in his superiority - an arrogance, a hubris, that was the first
stepping-stone on the road to incaution and disaster.
	
	Taleena meanwhile, was determined to redeem herself for her defeat at
the hands of Arminius.  Bovarius began the fight in predictable fashion,
grunting loudly as he brandished his sword with power and ferocity.  But he was
ponderous on his feet and Taleena dodged his bone-crushing blows with little
difficulty.  The bullish Rhinelander, like his countryman Arminius, had not
often faced a left-handed opponent, and his discomfort with her clever tactics
and superior mobility narrowed the gap between their abilities substantially.

	The longer the fight wore on, the more energy his inefficient style cost
him, and the more frustrated Boiorix became.  His oafish response to his
disappointing performance was to rely all the more on his favoured tactics -
long, sweeping, easily anticipated blows, which slowed him all the more.  Twice
Taleena caught him off guard with quick, incisive counter-strokes, but neither
carried much force behind it.

	The two pinpricks, for they had been little more than that, did,
however, serve to incense the ponderous German's wrath even more, and  when
Boiorix realized that he was running out of time if he wanted to conclude the
fight with a victory, he spurred himself to a final effort.  He went berserk,
displaying a primeval furor Teutonicus, flailing at Taleena with brutal force
but little result,  as she was still fit and dextrous enough to dodge his mighty
blows. 

	Taleena made little attempt to score, but it was unnecessary, because
the bovine barbarian's tactics made him look as foolish as a bull in a
glassworks. Time after time his sweeping strokes cleaved the air harmlessly,
until at last the violence of one of his swings threw him off balance so that he
stumbled forward driving his sword impotently into the ground.

	Finally Calixtus stopped the fight, declaring it a draw, even though
Taleena had clearly demonstrated her superiority. The other bout had ended long
before - the broken-nosed Numidian having easily outclassed Selia - but Taleena
was satisfied with her own result.

	But for Bovarius the draw amounted to a defeat, and what was worse, his
second defeat in a row to a woman.  From his troubled expression it was clear
that he already visualized himself tied to the whipping post. The prospect of
being flogged for losing to a woman seemed to eat at the very core of his
manhood, and shame and anger were written all over his face.  A trip to the post
was something that Taleena would not have wished on her worst enemy - save
perhaps for the lecherous Balbinus - and yet Taleena couldn't resist giving the
angry German a smile edged with triumph. A smile that was returned with a look
of pure hatred, a malevolence that made Taleena shiver, all the more so since
something in the German's brutish, undisguised hostility made her question,  for
the first time, her optimism with regard to the upcoming assessment.




XVII.

	Taleena's bout with Boiorix marked the conclusion of the second training
unit, which meant that the second assessment was due. The afternoon sun had
rolled far to the west in the cobalt sky and was now slowly descending towards
the horizon, its brilliant rays barely peeking over the walls of the staff
building.  The sun's decline cast a deep shadow across the yard, shading the
cross in front of which the recruits had gathered again, but illuming the
haggard faces of those who stood at attention to receive their trainers'
verdict.
	
	Taleena was still in high spirits about the satisfying culmination of
the week - a week which had begun so inauspiciously with the Thracian's attempt
to degrade her in full view of the entire squad. With her failures in the
circuit training ruled out as a cause for any demerit, her recent victories
surely indicated that she was not among those who needed to fear the whip; the
men she had vanquished had far less reason to feel confident.
	
	But despite Taleena's optimism, the late afternoon had brought a strange
stillness to the air, the type of breezeless calm that so often precedes a
storm.  The air seemed oppressive and despite the sunlit sky, the heaviness of
the atmosphere kindled in Taleena an inexplicable sense that the rawest forces
of nature were about to be unleashed.

	Byrria stepped forward, after having received a brief, enigmatic nod
from Calixtus that escaped the attention of no one. With her customary flair for
the dramatic, the Thracian tigress slowly strode along the row of recruits,
starting at the end where stood the two lanky Numdians.  She eyed them coldly
before proceeding on to the stronger-built Germans, studying each of them as if
she were a prospective customer in a slave market weighing her bid. . 

	As they stood at attention, the male recruits endured the almond-eyed
Thracian's provocative scrutiny apprehensively.  Had Calixtus' signal merely
meant that he would let Byrria go first this time? Or had his nod meant that he
would leave it to her judgment which of the men would feel the lash?  Certainly
the head lanista would not have entrusted his authority to an assistant
notorious for her erratic temperament.  Or would he?

	Despite their trepidation, the men were understandably mesmerized by the
sight of this dangerous beauty who seemed to carry herself with a newfound sense
of authority.  Her lustrous dark hair, tied back in a ponytail, tossed lightly
on her shoulders, and her proud gait gave the small corkscrew strands which fell
over her ears a titillating bounce. The well-toned muscles of her legs gleamed
under her short tunic, providing an alluring contrast between the smooth, olive
complexion of her skin and the dark blue fabric of her costume.  The decolletage
of her tunic offered a tantalizing glimpse of her succulent breasts, but her
fiery eyes intimidated all but the boldest men from having the effrontery to
stare at them.
	
	As she strode past the burly, palpably nervous Boiorix, she gave a snort
of derision, indicating her contempt for the poor performance of the ox-like
warrior from beyond the Rhine.  But she did not call him out of the line.

	Alongside him stood Arminius, the sandy-haired ex-legionary who seemed
to come off far better at Byrria's silent scrutiny. His imposing figure loomed
large against the setting sun, the oil-glistening muscles in his arms no less
prodigious than those of his broad chest. And judging by the approving look the
wild-eyed Thracian flashed him, one could not tell whether it were his fighting
skills or his good looks - or both - that had won the sultry lanista's approval.
Arminius met her gaze confidently, and returned it, letting his eyes travel over
Byrria's body as boldly as hers had travelled over his.  For an instant their
eyes seem to lock in a secret understanding, and then Byrria, looking for once a
little disconcerted, moved on down the line.

	Whatever momentary unease had plagued Byrria had long since vanished by
the time she reached the far end of the line, where her two female charges
stood, wondering fearfully what the Thracian had inscribed on her wax tablet.
Byrria planted herself before the flaxen-haired Avernian, putting her hands on
her hips in a peremptory gesture, glaring sternly at the comely recruit. Despite
her confidence in her performance, Taleena remembered the Thracian's prior
attempt to take her to task all too well, and knew that the sly lanista with the
inscrutable dark eyes was entirely capable of another such vindictive outburst.

	The stillness in the air and the tension in the yard were equally
palpable, and the faces of the assembled trainees looked as if they had been
carved from raw nerves as the two women eyed each other warily. The passing of
time seemed to be suspended, and the only sounds were the chirps of a lonely
bird that seemed to have been abandoned by his fellows.  The rays of the setting
sun spotlighted the two antagonists, each of whom had been blessed by the gods
with the charms of Venus and the athleticism of Diana. But whereas the taller
Gaul could be best compared to a tawny lioness, quick and strong and regal in
demeanour, the raven-haired Thracian resembled a tigress - the blazing-eyed
creature of the night who stalks the jungle during her nocturnal raids.

	The two majestic opponents locked eyes for a long moment, Byrria
imperious, Taleena defiant but increasingly apprehensive.  At length the hint of
a cunning smile made its way across Byrria's face.  She glanced at her tablet
quickly as if to confirm a judgment that Taleena was certain needed no reminder,
and then her dark eyes found Taleena's once again.  "Today it is you who shall
feel the whip!"

	Taleena, stunned, felt as if she had received a sword stroke to the
chest. Nor was she the only one who was thunderstruck by the Thracian's verdict.
Selia tried to conceal a shudder of relief as a ripple of surprised disbelief
swept through the onlookers, while Taleena struggled to find words to express
her outrage, but none would come.  Of course she had lost the fight with
Arminius - as would have anyone else - but her other successes should surely
have outweighed her lone defeat.

	"It is not your failure in the circuit training for which you will be
punished, nor did you earn the critical number of demerits," the raven-haired
Thracian explained angrily. "You are going to the post because of your wilful
insubordination! Do you imagine that I haven't noticed how you have tried to
make a mockery of our training?  You fight like a lioness against the men, and
like a kitten against this little mouse," Byrria said indignantly as she
gestured scornfully toward Selia.  Then she stepped so close to Taleena that the
Gaul could feel her hot breath. "Did you think that you could get away with
subverting the training codex of the Ludus Flavianus? This is not a game, Gaul -
and no recruit, no fighter is going to fix the results! At least not as long as
I'm in charge," she added with a sideswipe at Calixtus, suggesting that in her
mind she was the true guardian of Roman virtues at the school of Flavius
Autronius.

	Taleena was taken utterly aback by the fury of the Thracian's reproach.
The fact that Byrria had not harassed her during the week had led her to believe
that she had given no cause for reprimand.  But clearly the cunning lanista had
set a trap and she had fallen into it, compounding her offence at every turn so
that her 'guilt' was indisputable. A blind man could have seen that Taleena had
allowed the Spaniard some minor triumphs, but that this should be interpreted as
an attempt to subvert the results of the training was absurd.  Taleena's conduct
toward Selia might have been over-friendly, perhaps even condescending, but it
certainly didn't warrant such an outrageous punishment.
	
	"Any objections?" Byrria asked Calixtus with a feigned submissiveness
that amounted merely to scorn, and Taleena looked over to the barrel-chested
chief-instructor, certain that he would expose the Thracian's vicious scheme as
what it was - a mere pretext to take her wrath out on the comely recruit whom
she considered to be a rival. But to her dismay, Calixtus refrained from
undermining Byrria's authority a second time. His impassive face betrayed no
sign of disagreement, and he raised no objection.

	Taleena looked anxiously toward the bald lanista who had intervened on
her behalf once before, at the time of the first assessment.  But as she looked
at his impassive face, Taleena found only resignation, and she had to realize
that Byrria had played her hand well.  Even if the chief-instructor might be
well-disposed towards her predicament, how could he contradict the Thracian's
claim that she, Taleena, had not fought at her full strength against her
Baetican comrade?

	Taleena's beseeching glance turned into an accusing stare when Calixtus
remained silent, and her anger swelled into rage when she saw the gleeful grin
on the face of Bovarius.  Why was she to be whipped while this clumsy German ox
who had performed so badly escaped unscathed?  But, since argument would avail
her nothing, and indeed might worsen her sentence, Taleena realized that she was
well advised to let Byrria's reproach pass unchallenged.
	
	Taleena had great respect for the whip, but, remembering the Numidian's
inscrutability, she strove to appear unmoved, and to come to terms with her lot,
unjust though it might be. Twelve lashes from the malevolent Thracian should
prove bearable to one who had survived a galley tasker's scourge. Perhaps, if
she bore the punishment well, the Thracian's hostility toward her might even be
quenched.  It was a slender reed on which to lean, but it was the only reed
still standing in the swirling winds of the Ludus Flavianus.

	A little surprised at having received no argument from the astonished
Gaul, Byrria turned toward Selia. "And you," she went on, "shall go to the post
again as well!  Your first flogging should have been an example to you; but your
performance has still not come close to meeting minimum standards!"

	Selia blanched with terror. "No!" She wailed, "I thought... No! Not
again! You can't...Please!"  
	
	"Silence!" Byrria snapped back.  "A gladiatrix does not beg for mercy!
If you cannot accept your punishment without complaint, you shall suffer for
your cowardice as well!"
	
	"But it's not fair!" Selia pleaded pathetically. "I tried so hard.  I
... I even won the race.  Tell them," she begged, turning desperately to the
taller girl beside her, as if Taleena could protect her from the Thracian's
wrath.  "Tell them that I won the race...." Her voice trailed away miserably as
eyes trailed imploringly from Taleena to Calixtus, but once again the
chief-instructor did not intervene.

	"You shall be first!" Byrria commanded, unmoved by the girl's pleas.
"Gag her!" she added, when Selia continued to beseech her for mercy.  "I grow
weary of her whimpering."

	Byrria's callousness towards the Spaniard enraged Taleena as much as her
own sentence.  When the guards approached, Selia tried to take Taleena's hand in
a final, desperate appeal for help, but Taleena could only watch in helpless
rage as the guards tore the hysterical girl from her grasp.  Taleena's heart was
overflowing as the guards dragged the Spaniard's slender, thrashing body toward
the ominous cross.  When they arrived there, they crammed a wooden rod into her
mouth, thereby stifling her pathetic protests, and strapped the crude bridle to
her neck with a leathern chord.

	When the two guards in charge had bound Selia's wrists, once again
stretching her lissome body to its utmost, the sight of the poor Baetican's bare
back seemed to move even those ruthless men to some consideration of pity; the
welts and weals Selia bore - some scabbed across, others raised in purple and
red - bore mute testimony to her first punishment. But the flashing-eyed lanista
from the savage wilds of Thrace seemed immune to such humane considerations.
	
	Taleena, overwhelmed by the outrageous injustice of the moment, clenched
her fingers into white-knuckled fists in an effort to keep her boiling rage
under control as Byrria slid the ugly braided whip from its place on the hook. 
It was one thing to enforce discipline, to punish a recruit who had failed to
live up to the barbaric code of the Flavian fighting school. But the
slight-figured Spaniard had given of her very best, a remarkable achievement
since her progress had been made in the painful aftermath of her first flogging.
Her punishment was not only heartlessly cruel, it was purposeless.  It could
only break her slender body, instead of spurring her on to even greater efforts.
Taleena could not believe that Calixtus would permit such an evil thing to
happen under his watch, but the stocky chief-instructor wore the expression of a
man who had grown weary of opposing Byrria's machinations.

	Byrria flicked the whip in an impatient gesture, and then she dealt
briskly with Selia, as if she were a hungry diner anxious to finish a bland
appetizer so that the servants could bring on a more satisfying second course.
For everyone assembled before the sinister cross knew that the proud Gaul was
the true target of Byrria's cruel verdict, the mouth-watering main course the
Thracian longed to devour; and a good many of them guessed that the punishment
of Selia was in fact only a stratagem that was designed to punish the proud
Avernian as much as the petite Spaniard, to soften up her will, so that the
long-legged Gaul, in her turn, would grovel under the lash.

	Taleena flinched in empathetic agony with each fall of the lash and each
shuddering spasm of Selia's agonized body. The rhythmic crack of the whip echoed
loudly across the yard in cruel monotony, each stroke jarring Selia's slender
form, and drawing stifled screams as the young Baetican wailed pitifully into
her gag.  After the seventh stroke, Selia's body wilted as unconsciousness
spared her from further agony.  Her head drooped forward onto her shoulders but
the unforgiving ropes held her upright while Byrria applied the final five
strokes to her bare back with the same flesh-scalding force as she had the first
seven. 
	
	Repulsed by the cruel sight,  Taleena turned her head away, and when she
did so, she was not surprised to see Rutilius standing nearby among a group of
guards, watching the flogging excitedly. But she was more than a little puzzled,
knowing his spiteful nature, by the fact that he had not come forward to assist
in Selia's punishment.
	
	When the twelfth lash had fallen, signalling the completion of the grim
sentence, one of the guards in charge released the ropes that had held Selia's
blood-streaked body upright, and she slumped to the ground with her limbs
extended in an unnatural manner. "Revive her!" Byrria snapped at one of the
attendants.  "So that we can continue the proceedings," she added, giving
Taleena a meaningful look. 
	
	But Taleena's eyes for once were not on her Thracian adversary, but on
her fallen friend.  The guard who had released her from her bonds had knelt down
alongside Selia to undo the bit gag, but when he pulled it away, Taleena noticed
that the young Spaniard's brown eyes had rolled up and were now a ghastly
fishbelly white. Just then the other attendant returned with a bucket of water,
which he flung over the motionless girl, but even the shock of that cold shower
elicited no response.

		"She's dead," Byrria stated the obvious, and her comment brought
an appalled gasp from both the recruits and the fighters. These men were
hardened to scenes of human suffering, since death was their constant companion
in the amphitheatre, but to see a comrade, even the least among them as Selia
had been, die outside of the ring, with no chance of defending herself, left a
foul taste in each of their mouths.

	They would never know if the poor girl had choked on her gag or died
from the strain of the flogging, but Taleena was sure that she knew the actual
reason for her death: poor Selia's will to live had deserted her the moment
Byrria had summoned her to the cross for the second time.  Her fragile heart had
given out under the brutal torment of the whip and the hopeless certainty that
no matter how hard she tried and how valiantly she fought, the next week's
training would have ended in much the same way.

	The yard was as deathly silent as it had been when Calixtus had
recounted the story of his son's death. Taleena, stunned, glanced at the
recruits next to her, and then at the veteran fighters who stood at some
distance away,  near the dining area,  and then back to the appalling scene
unfolding before them. They all remained passive and solemnly respectful while
Selia's lifeless body was placed on a stretcher, and when the litter-bearing
attendants had trudged off toward the infirmary, Taleena could hold her raging
emotions in check no longer.

		"That wasn't punishment!" she raged at Byrria.  "Or discipline.
It was murder!  Cold-blooded murder!"

	"She'd never have survived the training, anyway, let alone her first
fight," the Thracian retorted defensively. But the mere fact that she tried to
justify Selia's death was convincing proof that she herself felt uneasy about
the fatal outcome. There might have been even some truth in the Thracian's
heartless words, but Byrria's refusal to show the slightest sign of remorse or
regret caused Taleena to lose her temper completely.

	"So flogging her to death was an act of mercy?!" she spat out, her eyes
flaring with contempt. "She was little more than a girl and she was helplessly
bound while you meted out your ... your ... punishment! Is this the sort of
fighting spirit you're trying to teach us?!"
	
	Byrria raised a dark eyebrow in response to Taleena's withering
accusations, and they locked eyes in mutual hatred. "Mind your words, Gaul!" she
admonished her coldly, "Your own punishment has yet to be carried out!" If the
death of Selia had ever ruffled the iron-willed Thracian's composure, she was
her imperious self once again. "Tell me, Calixtus," she addressed the
chief-instructor in a challenging voice.  "Have you ever heard a recruit speak
to one of Flavius' trainers in such a disrespectful manner?"
	
	Calixtus looked troubled, but replied in a voice bereft of emotion "No."
	
	 Byrria turned back toward Taleena, her black eyes blazing with
triumphant fury. "You see?  Your insolence is outrageous! And it has just earned
you a second dozen lashes.  Take her to the cross!!"

	But Taleena's wrath was such that she was beyond the point of caring
about her own fate.  "You had better flog me to death, too, Thracian," Taleena
railed, referring to the land of the lanista with the same contempt with which
Byrria had spat the word 'Gaul' at her since the first day of training.  "For I
swear by the gods that I will make you rue the day you killed that girl!"

	This last outburst drew a stunned gasp from the onlookers, but Byrria
said nothing, calmly coiling the blood-streaked whip, while she glared at
Taleena.  And then she spoke.

	"Three dozen," she stated icily, her dark eyes smouldering as they bore
into Taleena's. "You fool!  Do you think that threatening me will bring the
Spaniard back to life? It only lengthens your own time at the post!"
	
	The air seemed to pulse with tension as the two opponents stared each
other down, but in the end Taleena managed to suppress the overpowering urge to
throw herself upon the cold-hearted Thracian.  Despite her callous indifference,
Byrria had been correct about one thing - nothing Taleena might do could help
Selia now.  Despite her rage at the injustice and cruelty of Selia's fate, it
was her own that must concern her now - and her anger had accomplished little
more than to infuriate Byrria - and to triple her own sentence.  Three dozen
lashes!  The consequences of her display of temper had just begun to sink in.
She had seen what one dozen lashes had done to the bare back of her poor
companion, and the very thought of her own sentence caused her stomach to ball
into a tight knot.  She felt her legs go unsteady beneath her as she
contemplated the horrific effects of a flogging that would be triply severe.

	"Let's get this over with, then," she uttered finally, trying to sound
fearless, but a faint quaver in her voice showed that she had not yet fully
regained her composure.

	Taleena stepped boldly forward out of the line to let herself be led to
the looming cross, brushing aside the eager hands of Rutilius, who had stepped
forward to seize her arm.  Taleena's stomach turned as it occurred to her why
the craven youth had lurked in the background watching excitedly while Selia's
punishment had been carried out.  He had wanted to ensure that he would play a
part in her own.  Taleena prayed silently to the gods that the despicable young
man would be given no chance to avenge her mocking words when she had confronted
him after he had bullied little Larius. 

	"I can make it to the post without help!" she spat out proudly. "And
least of all do I need your assistance!" she added fiercely, biting off the word
'your' disdainfully. She elbowed the speechless young guard out of her way and
strode toward the cross with all the courage she could muster.

	When Taleena was but a step away from the grisly post and its fearful
bonds - the same coarse ropes which had imprisoned Selia only a short time ago -
a wave of gut-wrenching trepidation swept over her, threatening to shatter her
resolve to endure her punishment with fortitude.  But somehow she managed to
remain calm on the surface, even as the icy tendrils of terror crept up her
spine, and it was with a gesture of placid submissiveness that she extended her
hands toward Rutilius' waiting grasp.

	"You're not so cocky anymore, galley whore," he sneered under his
breath, his eerie, almost coal black eyes glowing triumphantly as he noted the
faint trembling of Taleena's hands. "Now that you're about to hug the cross!" he
added and gave Taleena a knowing grin that caused her blood to run cold. 

	"You dared me to demand satisfaction from you the other day!" he hissed
as he slipped the double-noosed ropes over her slender wrists and drew them
painfully tight. "But why should a Roman stoop to tangling with the likes of
you? I'll take my satisfaction today, slave. Thirty-six lashes!" he whispered
gloatingly, as he gave the coarse wrist-ropes a final painful jerk. 
"Thirty-six! And I'm going to enjoy every last one of them!" 

	His thin lips formed a cruel rictus of anticipation as he stepped back
and signalled his iron-jawed comrade to prepare to lift the body of the
statuesque blonde in unison. It was only then that Taleena recognized the other
guard as the one who had taken her side when she had confronted Rutilius two
days ago. But whether the gray-haired guard felt sympathy for her current
plight, or disdain for the cowardly Rutilius, she could not tell.   
	
	A moment later, Taleena gasped when her shoulders were jerked painfully
upward as the two men gave the hempen ropes a fierce yank.  The onlookers
watched with awe as they heard the ominous sound of thick rope rubbing against
wood as the slender miscreant's arms were hoisted high above her head, forcing
her to stand on tip-toes to minimize the appalling strain on her shoulders.
Then, having finished their preparatory work, the two guards secured the ropes
to the upright and stepped aside, leaving the stage to Byrria and her serpentine
weapon.  While his grey-haired companion stepped well back from the cross,
Rutilius continued to hover nearby, eyeing Taleena's taut-stretched body in lewd
anticipation.

	Byrria eyed Rutilius with an amused expression.  "Were you aware that
you have such a fervent admirer among the guards, Gaul?" she asked scornfully. 
"From the look on his face, it appears that he'd like to assist you with your
costume.  Go ahead, boy, she's in no position to fight back.  Undo the knot on
her strophium - if you know how!"
	
	Taleena and Rutilius both blushed at Byrria's patronizing mockery -
Taleena with shame and Rutilius with embarrassment - but the skinny guard edged
closer eagerly, until he stood directly behind the bound delinquent.  His hands
trembled slightly as he reached out to touch Taleena at the waist, where the top
of her loin-cloth met soft, bare skin, and his questing fingers slid slowly up
her pliable back, toward the knot that held her breast-veiling strophium in
place.
	
	Excited by the prospect of stripping the golden-haired Gaul, Rutilius'
hands fumbled nervously at the knot, his lack of dexterity quickly revealing him
to be as inexperienced at such things as Byrria had implied.  He cursed under
his breath angrily when his clumsiness was met with a derisive murmur from the
onlookers, and he reached around Taleena to grab the front of the flimsy muslin
band with both hands.  He gave it a vicious wrench, ripping it down over her
full breasts in a smooth motion that allowed his hands to brush across her pale
pink nipples, before tearing the tattered garment from Taleena's lush body with
a violent motion that spun her halfway around, revealing, for an instant, a
bobbing breast to the virile spectators.  But then the torque on her wrist-ropes
reversed and her body whirled back in the opposite direction, leaving the
bare-breasted beauty facing the rough-splintered post.

	"Well done!" Byrria commended Rutilius in a half-scoffing tone, amused
by the young man's clumsy impetuousness.  She studied the creamy expanse of
Taleena's tapering back as if she were surveying the richness of a lush
landscape.  "But for three dozen lashes I shall need a larger canvas!" She
added.  "Finish the job, boy! Undo her belt, and show us her sweet Gallic ass!   

	Taleena flinched at the coarse words, flushing with shame at the thought
of being stripped to the skin, and closed her eyes as she felt the eager hands
of Rutilius clutching her hips, fumbling with the buckle of her belt.

	But with every eye in the compound riveted on him, the young man did not
dare to take further advantage of the situation, and once he had managed to
unclasp the Gaul's girdle, he tore it down along with her loin-cloth. For a
moment he had to fight back the impulse to caress the deep-cleft bottom which
was so temptingly close to his hands, notwithstanding all the watchful eyes of
the audience; but perhaps, he consoled himself, there would be another time,
after the whizzing whip had left its sizzling signature on those perfect
half-moons...

	Taleena gasped audibly when the linen was jerked from between her
thighs, and she strove to control her agitated breathing. There had been no need
for Byrria to have her fully exposed for the whip, she thought, but the
Thracian's orders made it clear that she not only intended to discipline her
Avernian adversary - she sought to make a spectacle of her that none would ever
forget!  Rutilius had stepped away from her, now, so that recruits and guards
alike had an unobstructed view of her naked body, and despite her efforts to
calm herself, the rigor of her suspension caused the muscles in her buttocks and
thighs to twitch uncontrollably. 

	But Byrria was still not content with the extent of Taleena's misery. 
"Hoist the Gallic bitch higher!" she exhorted the two guards, anxious to put the
finishing touches on Taleena's preparatory ordeal.  Her lip turned upward in a
cold sneer.  "So that she is closer to her pagan gods!" 
	
	Rutilius and his grey-haired comrade stepped forward again. The sadistic
young guard's hands trembled with excitement as he and his counterpart released
the ropes from the hook again, only to give them one more powerful jerk,
wrenching another gasp from Taleena's lips as her bare feet left the ground.

	The coarse hemp creaked under the stress being imposed on it by her body
and the ankle-weights. When she had been lifted high enough so that her fingers
could reach the cross-piece, Taleena's fingers found a crack on top of the
weathered wood and clung to it, trying to ease the cutting force of the ropes
that scored into her wrists. Hanging at full stretch against the post, she was
surprised that its surface was so rough. From a distance the post had looked
fairly smooth, but now that her naked body was pressed against it, the
rough-hewn timber scratched her breasts and thighs. As she had when she'd first
seen the cross, she wondered briefly why the two slots had been bored into the
upright, but no answer came to mind.

	Hanging from her wrists, feeling as helpless as Andromeda chained to her
rock, Taleena cursed Byrria's cunning cleverness.  The Thracian tigress knew
that with each passing moment the cold grip of fear would tighten around her
victim's heart like an iron band, sapping her strength and weakening her will.
The crudely staged removal of her clothing had heightened her awareness of her
vulnerability, and now that she felt the tender flesh of her breasts press
against the rough wood of the post, she could feel her nipples stiffen in
fear-induced arousal. Taleena's fingers dug deeper into the crack in the wood as
panic threatened to engulf her - how could she possibly endure the forthcoming
flogging when its mere preparations had left her in such a terrified state?
Breathing deeply she raised her eyes to the top of the cross to have something
to focus on, and strove desperately to steady her racing pulse.

	Byrria stepped toward the suspended Avernian with a feline grace, like a
tigress detecting the pungent scent of fear, knowing that her cruel foreplay had
begun to take some of the fight out of her victim.

	"You like to act tough, Gaul?!" she sneered, as she slowly dragged the
coiled whip up along the sinuous crease between Taleena's firm buttocks, smiling
at Taleena's involuntary flinching.  Then she slid the well-greased length of
hide over the soft indentations of Taleena's spine, and higher still, across her
rounded shoulders, letting the rolled-up leather sweep the helpless Avernian's
blonde tresses clear of the striking area.  "Well, now's your chance to show us
what you're made of!"

	Taleena felt herself growing faint at the thought of what was about to
be done to her. It struck her with awful clarity that even if she displayed the
valour of  Vergingetorix, the most valourous of the Averni, and managed to
suppress her screams of pain, her vulnerable body would respond to the
flesh-searing strokes of the Thracian with a will of its own.  There would be no
way to prevent the muscles in her back and buttocks from quivering, or to hide
her facial contortions when the whip took its gruesome toll. 

	It was small consolation that only Rutilius and his grey-haired comrade
were positioned so that they could see her grimaces of pain, the inevitable
bobbing of her breasts once her body had begun its dreadful dance, and the
gyrations of her loins when the lashes began to fall.  But the knowledge that
the spiteful youth would be gloating at her suffering was a punishment in and of
itself.  She glanced at his partner hopefully, but although the older man did
not sport the gleeful grin of Rutilius, he could no more resist the lure of her
nude, tautly stretched body, than his contemptible comrade.  As she watched him
admiring the soft contours of her exposed flank, she screamed silently to
herself to focus.  "Focus on the upright before you, not the cruel tigress
behind you, nor the smirking jackal beside you!  Let them take their flesh and
blood - but cheat them of their satisfaction!"


XVIII.

		Within the hearts of the onlookers, the prospect of the
blue-eyed Avernian's punishment stirred a variety of emotions. Most regarded the
forthcoming flogging with shocked indignation, since the disturbing recollection
of Selia's fatal punishment still lingered in the forefront of everyone's
memory.  And the almost unprecedented number of lashes guaranteed that Taleena's
would be no ordinary disciplinary flogging, but rather a bloody reckoning.

		Most felt some sort of compassion for the brave girl.  Breaca,
the ginger-haired Celt, knew better than anyone what it meant to suffer the
Thracian's wrath. As did Tyra, the ebony-skinned Nubian net-fighter whose
warnings about Byrria's vindictiveness had proved to have been in vain.
	
	 But there were also a few who were visibly excited by the prospect of
seeing the proud Gaul suffer the sting of the whip. Chief among them Boiorix,
still smarting from his humiliating draw with the agile Avernian and the
triumphant smile she had flashed him afterwards.  The bullish German had grunted
with obscene pleasure when Rutilius had ripped Taleena's loin-cloth down over
her rounded buttocks, salivating at the alluring contrast between the curves of
her pale bottom cheeks and a bare back that had been tanned a rich honey-gold
during her weeks on the bench of the Thetis.

	And notwithstanding their sympathies with the condemned Avernian, some
of the most hardened broadswords were busy considering Taleena's forthcoming
ordeal as a sporting proposition, wondering how bravely the dangling girl would
react to the inexorable toll taken by Byrria's whip.

	The burly Levantine pole-fighter elbowed the tall Phoenician who stood
beside him, and held up ten swarthy fingers, indicating his belief that Taleena
could not endure ten lashes before screaming or begging for mercy.  It had been
these men whose eyes had wandered so freely over the still-dripping curves of
Taleena's naked body when they had come upon her just after she had pleasured
herself in the baths. Hamilkar the Phoenician appraised the well-toned body that
hung from the cross and, ignoring the censorious eye of Tyra, the slim Nubian
beauty who had completed the trio on that memorable morning, accepted his
scar-faced crony's mercenary wager.

	Despite the unfairness of the sentence, those two veterans, like all the
other men in the audience, had no wish to deny themselves the spectacle of the
naked beauty writhing under the lash.  Their memory of Taleena's sensuous,
bath-moistened body on that previous occasion was refreshed by the sight of her
bare back, the bulging contours of the outer curves of her breasts pressed
tautly against the upright, and the dark shadow at the base of her buttock cleft
- visions tantalizing enough to tempt men far less lustful than they.  Every
muscle in the Avernian's slender arms, her shapely legs, and her trim torso was
stretched to an astonishing tautness by her suspension, and the smears of arena
dust which clung to every fighter's body after a training session offered a
delicious contrast to the tawny, sweat-gleaming planes and hollows of her
splendid body.
	
	*  *  *

	An expectant hush descended upon the audience, and the tension in the
yard became almost palpable when Byrria stepped into position behind and to the
left of her voluptuous victim.

	Taleena braced herself as she heard the ominous sound of leather being
dragged across the dusty ground, and raised her chin another inch, setting her
teeth against her underlip. An instant later the whip whistled through the air,
and made her jerk rigid in her bonds when the greased leather struck her
shoulders with a resounding crack - for the first of thirty six times.

	To those in attendance, the spasming of Taleena's naked body and the
sharp expulsion of breath told of the punishing fury of the stroke, just as the
lurid, blood-thickened weal that traversed her smooth shoulders spoke of the
lash-wielder's expertise.

	Taleena had had more than a taste of the whip at the galley, but the
frayed strands of the whip which had been used by the tasker had caused a less
intense pain - even though they had been applied to her sunburned flesh.
Abrasive as it had been, the sting of the tasker's rope-whip could not be
compared to the searing agony inflicted by this supple, single-thonged whip. It
surged through her body like a wave of scalding heat, and if she had not bitten
down hard on her lip, the pain of the lash would have drawn a cry from the
depths of her soul.

	A moment later another harsh whistle served as the brief prelude to the
second crack of the whip. The evil thong landed with fierce impact across
Taleena's shoulder blades, momentarily chasing the blood from the skin before it
sprang back, leaving only the burning pain of a second swelling, darkening weal
in its wake. But since she knew better now what to brace herself for, Taleena's
reaction was more controlled this time, and her silent scream of agony remained
locked in her throat. The third lash was dealt out and borne, then the fourth,
each of which inscribed scarlet stripes on the flawless parchment of her skin.

	The vigour of the strokes was matched by the Thracian's accuracy. Like a
meticulous architect, Byrria drew a cruel, crimson ground plan on her living
canvas, beginning at the Gaul's rounded shoulders and descending with a sadistic
sense of symmetry down the well-toned expanse of her sweat-glistening back. With
the eleventh lash, the whip reached Taleena's bare behind, and the supple thong
produced a sharp smacking crack as it wrapped around the pale white globes which
quivered most enticingly under the impact of the stroke. Taleena reared against
the cross in her dreadful anguish as flames of pain shot down through her legs
and up through her spine to burst into her brain in a ball of searing white
light, and a stifled, pain-defying "Nnnnnnnngh!" escaped her clenched jaws.  Her
misery was compounded when she heard Rutilius emit a guttural growl of
satisfaction.  "Yes, dance to the crack of the whip, wench, like you've danced
in my dreams!" he whispered ecstatically, as Taleena's bare legs clawed the air,
frantically seeking a purchase which was not to be found.

	Byrria, too, appeared to be quite gratified by with the result of her
recent lash, which had wrenched the first true admission of suffering from the
Gaul's lips.  The whip-wielding tigress waited patiently for the convulsed,
welt-ridged cheeks of her victim's heart-shaped behind to relax their muscular
contractions before she dealt out the last of the first dozen lashes.

	Once more a frightful crack echoed in the silence of the courtyard as
the braided leather imprinted a diagonal streak which ran from the edge of
Taleena's right hip across the tightening nether ovals of her bare bottom,
before biting keenly into the base of her left buttock. Under the impetus of
that blow, the golden-haired Gaul's nude body seemed to surge up against the
post, and her head tossed back while she hissed another tear-choked
"Nnnnnnnnnngh!" through clenched teeth, desperately striving to swallow her
pain.

	The tension amongst the onlookers had grown apace, and scarcely stifled
gasps were heard from each corner of the audience as they observed the refined
cruelty with which the Thracian administered the strokes. The fighters could not
but be impressed by the near-silent fortitude with which Taleena had borne the
first twelve lashes of her ordeal. Hamilkar shot his scar-faced companion a
meaningful glance, but his satisfaction at having won their gruesome bet was
double-edged. Not without good reason the grim veteran suspected that the
maintenance of her heroic silence would be the surest way for the suffering
Avernian to induce Byrria to redouble her savagery...

*  *  *
	
	If the Thracian was vexed by her victim's refusal to cry out, she
concealed it well.  But with four and twenty lashes still to be administered,
she could be quite confident that the brave Gaul's capitulation was only a
matter of time, and that the screams Byrria longed to hear would soon be echoing
through the compound.

	The Thracian had delivered the first dozen lashes with careful
deliberation, spacing them far enough part so that Taleena could savour the full
force of each lash, and yet with no predictable rhythm which would have allowed
her bound prisoner to brace herself properly.  Still moving deliberately, Byrria
altered her position, taking a new stance behind Taleena and to her right, as
she transferred the whip to her well-rested left hand. Her own diligent training
had lent her an ambidexterity which most men could only envy, and which soon
would add another painful dimension to Taleena's agonizing ordeal.

	Taleena could not see what was going on behind her back, but she heard
Byrria's footsteps crunching on the dry ground, and when the steps stopped, she
knew that it was time to brace herself again. She dug her fingers deeper into
the crack in the wood of the crossbar and moaned softly when she tried to
readjust her weight, raising her head another inch, taking a long, shuddering
breath. She realized then how difficult it was for her to breathe, but at least
her outstretched posture would help her to keep from screeching out her lungs.

	Byrria carefully measured the distance to the naked figure at the post,
then stepped closer to her target before drawing the whip back and then sending
it rocketing forward. Byrria's aim was true - the lash curled around Taleena's
flank so that its stinging tip nipped at the soft flesh under the Avernian's arm
even as the full length of the leathern thong scored a diagonal weal across the
breadth of her burning back, crossing the livid weals that had preceded it.
	
	As much as Taleena had tried to prepare herself for this fresh onslaught
of pain, she had not reckoned with such a vicious slash coming from her right.
The scalding fury of the stroke pried her clenched jaws open, and for the first
time she wished fervently that she had been gagged as Selia had been. Having no
such restraint, her open mouth could no longer contain the scream welling within
her, and it took every ounce of her strength to confine her cry to a
half-strangled, "Uhh-uhnnnnnngghhh!"

	As lash followed lacerating lash, Taleena felt the rising flames of pain
sapping her will.  She had not yet screamed, but she couldn't stifle a groan of
unutterable anguish each time the whip ripped open her skin at the points where
the lash marks crossed. The sweat that laved her body cauterized the spots of
torn skin, and the stinging pain brought tears to her eyes.
	
	Through eyes made misty by tears she could see Rutilius clench his right
fist in triumph each time her nude body buckled under the lash.  Strangely, the
sight of the despicable youth renewed her determination to deny him the
satisfaction he sought, and redoubled her desire to prevail over her spiteful
adversaries. Her swelling groans might give ample proof to her ebbing endurance,
but while she had almost given up all hope of enduring the quota of lashes, she
vowed to suppress her screams, and to dam the flow of tears as long as she
could. 

	A few moments later, the whip licked out again, thirsting for Taleena's
agony, and found it when its whizzing tip delivered a biting kiss to the side of
her left breast, just where the tender flesh was squeezed into a bulging curve
between her soft body and the rough post.

	Judging from the nastiness of this stroke, most of the spectators had
reckoned with a scream this time, and indeed the suffering woman's quivering
lips once more opened wide with a harsh breath, but again nothing more than
another hoarse, drawn-out "Uh-hu-unnnnggghhh" left her throat.

	As each lash drove the brave Gaul closer to the precipice of defeat, and
as each harrowing groan became more pitiable than a full blown scream, one
onlooker after another averted his eyes from the cruel spectacle, as if ashamed
to heighten the doomed Avernian's degradation by giving his attention to it. But
no such compunctions troubled the burly Boiorix, whose thick manhood pulsed
pleasurably in his loin-cloth with every crack of the whip and every plaintive
moan, or Rutilius, the young pervert who enjoyed nothing more than watching the
luscious body of the too-proud blonde shudder at each withering stroke.

	Byrria, too, was unmoved by the Avernian's piteous strugglings. The
Thracian's full, sensuous lips seemed to curl into a tight smile after every
stroke, and she proceeded with dreadful efficiency, sensing just how to produce
the maximum suffering.  She timed the intervals between the lashes perfectly,
allowing Taleena just enough time to recover from her pain-induced rigidity,
before plunging her back into the depths of her private Tartarus. Each stroke of
the whip was met with a low throaty groan, groans that grew longer and louder as
the flogging transported Taleena to ever-higher thresholds of agony.  But still
the proud Avernian contained the overpowering urge to scream.

	After the twenty-fourth stroke, Byrria returned to her original
position, so that she might apply the last dozen with a fresh right arm. At this
time, the raven-haired Thracian, too, was soaked with sweat, her face and arms
and bare legs gleaming with the perspiration of prolonged physical exertion, her
luscious curves plainly visible against her clinging blue tunic. 
	
	But there was no blue fabric to hide the cruel crimson pattern of
criss-crossing welts which marked Taleena's body, and the sweat that covered her
raw, smarting flesh was only bedecked by the blood that oozed from the spots of
torn skin, gathering in pale red rivulets which trickled down the ravaged planes
of her back.

*  *  *

	Taleena was but semi-conscious now, and longing to lapse fully into a
Lethe-like void of senselessness that might exempt her from her desperate
struggle; but her indomitable will, though weakened, would not allow her to
escape her torment in that fashion. Her head fell forward against the upright,
and with her remaining consciousness she tried to concentrate on the pressure of
her forehead against the wood, rather than the scalding pain of her back.  Her
hands had slipped from the cross-bar on the twenty-third lash, but in a final
effort to rebel against her looming loss of vigour, her fingers clung to the
ropes that held her.

	Byrria let the whip-ravaged blonde hang on the cross unmolested for what
seemed like an eternity. The long interval not only offered Taleena ample time
to savour the full measure of her mind-searing agony, it also caused her to lose
the rhythm of the flogging, so that she would not know when to brace herself
once the lashes began to fall again.  When the moment finally came, Taleena's
pain-drenched mind missed the warning whistle of the whip, and when the leather
landed across her raw back, every muscle in her limp body seemed to tense and
spasm in reaction to the suddenness of the blow.

	By now Taleena could not have screamed loudly, even if she had wanted
to; her stretched position prevented her lungs from expanding fully as she
struggled to balance the need to draw breath with the desire to withhold her
cries of pain. The result was an almost toneless sobbing whine - tiny mewling
sounds that were testimony to an agony so intense that it was inexpressible in
any other way.

	By the time the thirtieth stroke had fallen, Taleena was almost
prostrate in defeat, and the onlooking fighters were appalled to see that Byrria
continued to wield the whip with undiminished force. Brutalizing a vanquished
opponent was a practice frowned upon by gladiators, but the Thracian seemed
determined to make the proud Gaul drain the bitter draught of degradation to the
dregs.

	It was not until the ultimate stroke that Byrria paused again, allowing
her semi-conscious victim a last respite. Then she took a step back and leaned
into the final lash, putting all of her gathered momentum into it, as if to
prove what devastation she might have wrought had she used her full strength on
every lash.

	A particularly sharp crack rent the air as the leather slapped against
Taleena's luridly-wealed buttocks, leaving a rent in its wake which quickly
filled with blood. This final master-stroke wrenched a final confession of
suffering from the courageous beauty's trembling lips, a withering, whimpering
"Uh-huh-huh-hunnnggghh-ngh," throaty and full, as if her very soul was giving
vent to her relief that her dreadful anguish was over.

	An eerie silence fell over the yard after that final lash, and many of
the spectators averted their eyes from the cross and its welt-streaked human
burden. Even some of those who had watched the cruel spectacle with occasional
twinges of sexual pleasure, like Arminius and the Numidians, were sobered by the
sight of the lovely young woman whose pride and defiance had brought such a
dreadful punishment upon herself.  The fearful flogging had cooled the ardour of
all but the worst voyeurs.
	
	Calixtus, a veteran of a score of disciplinary floggings in the Legion,
looked rather pale and drawn, clearly shaken by Taleena's savage punishment. 
His hand shook a little as he held up his wax tablet to call off the names of
those to whom he had awarded demerits, but after he glanced at Taleena's
blood-streaked body, he lowered his tablet, and announced curtly that none of
the men had earned a punishment.
	
	The grim chief-instructor was the first to leave the courtyard, and as
the relieved recruits began to drift away, a semi-conscious Taleena suddenly
felt a chill, as if a looming shadow had blocked out the setting sun.  She
glanced back over her whip-ravaged shoulder to see Byrria standing over her
triumphantly, and gave her a look that would have done justice to a Gorgon.
	
	Unphased by Calixtus' departure, Byrria rolled up the whip and walked
slowly toward the cross to hang it on its hook with the care with which most
women would handle her favourite gown. Then she loosened the ropes from which
her victim had been suspended, and since Taleena's legs were incapable of
supporting her anymore, her body sagged painfully to the ground while her arms
clung weakly to the post to keep her from collapse

	As she slid to her knees, Taleena groaned as the inner contours of her
tender breasts scraped against the rough-splintered wood.  She was well aware
that her Pyrrhic victory - neither having screamed, nor cried even during the
worst extremity of her suffering - was gainsaid by her deplorable physical
state.  But the true victory was that she had, notwithstanding her pitiable
appearance, survived a flogging thrice as severe as that which had cost poor
Selia her life. The force of the lash might have driven her to her knees, but
she managed to raise her head in a final gesture of defiance, glaring at Byrria
with eyes blinded by tears of suffering.
	
	"I'm still alive," she hissed through clenched teeth, her voice no more
than a croak, "you'll need more... than a whip... to kill me!"

	Byrria met the accusing glare of the woman she had flogged with such
evil passion, and for a fleeting moment, Taleena thought to detect a certain
softness pass over the Thracian's face. But what could have been taken for
forbearance was rather a profound satisfaction, satisfaction with having put her
counterpart in her place.
	
	The dark-eyed lanista looked down on the impertinent recruit who had
dared to challenge her authority, and was now kneeling at the foot on the cross,
her nude, sweat-glistening, welt-streaked body bathed in the waning glow of the
setting sun. The whipped Avernian clung to the post with her last ounce of
strength to maintain her upright position, even though she must have longed to
sink to the ground in a faint. Her muscles quivered under the strain she imposed
on them, and the torn skin of her back seemed to twitch with every whisper of a
breeze that swept through the courtyard. 

	"So there's fight in you yet, Gaul." A hint of amusement at the
Avernian's ineffectual attempt to display her unbroken spirit seemed to have
crept into the Thracian's voice. "You did well," she added with the
condescending generosity of a victor who has inflicted a crushing defeat on a
vanquished foe. "I have to give you that."  She took hold of one of Taleena's
sweat-soaked tresses and twisted it around her finger playfully.  "But even so,
you served my purpose," she added pensively. "A living example leaves a
longer-lasting impression than a dead one; your punishment will be a good lesson
for anyyone who would dare to oppose me!"

	Taleena tried to turn her pain-stricken face away in disgust, but the
Thracian tigress tightened her grip on her blonde mane.  "And if you choose to
defy me again," she hissed, as she jerked Taleena's head around to face her own,
"by this time next week, you'll want to barter your fate for that of the
Spaniard!"

		She released Taleena's hair, only to run the nail of her
forefinger across Taleena's shoulders, an eyelash beneath a red-edged
laceration. "One last thing, Gaul," Byrria added wickedly as she felt Taleena's
tortured body tense under her touch.  "Since your injuries are the result of a
punishment not directly related to the training, you are not to see Athenodoros
or his men."
	
	"Enjoy your day of rest, Gaul," Byrria concluded spitefully. "You will
need it to prepare yourself for next week!"  Then with a final vindictive smile
the Thracian tigress turned on her heel and left the site of her triumph.




XIX.

	Taleena had clung to the horrible post in abject humiliation, presenting
a piteous spectacle as the other recruits had filed past her, while their stares
- some expressing sympathy, some shock, and some prurient satisfaction - cut her
to the quick.
	
	Syphax, the Numidian who had had a taste of the lash himself at the end
of the first week, was the most compassionate of them, while Arminius, the tall
champion who had outclassed her so thoroughly with the sword, gave her a nod of
grudging respect. But Boiorix, his thick-bodied comrade, made not the slightest
attempt to conceal his pleasure, his barbaric eyes feasting upon her
whip-ravaged nudity. His self-satisfied stare added salt to her wounds, and
Taleena knew that if the choice had been his, he would have willingly have
wielded the lash himself to avenge himself upon the young woman who had
disgraced him in the ring. 
	
	As the onlookers slowly drifted away, Taleena wanted to curse the lot of
them, for none of them had lifted a hand to prevent her degradation, but in her
heart of hearts she knew that she was being unfair.  None of them, save for
Calixtus, perhaps, could have prevented her cruel flogging. Even so, she glared
at the small party of men as they passed her - as if her wild look could cheat
the German brute of his prurient satisfaction, or negate the compassion or
attestation of respect from the others, which had come too late to do her any
good.

	Even after all of her fellow-recruits had abandoned the yard en route to
the bath house or their cells, the blood-streaked blonde remained forlornly in
the yard for some time before she was able to  summon up the strength to move. 
With shivering hands she slipped her wrists free of the ropes which had held
them, noticing that the rough hemp had dug into her flesh while she writhed
under the lash, leaving purplish weals and raw scratches as well. In a rather
vain and useless attempt to cover some of her dreadful welts, she groped for her
dusty loin-cloth and wound it around her hips, leaving her belt where it lay,
and looked around for her breast-wrap, but it was nowhere to be found. 
	
	It was only by using the whipping post to support her body that Taleena
was able to rise and begin the process of dragging herself away from the arena
of her ignominious degradation. She had never felt so brutally hurt in her life.
Her ordeal in the sailors' lair in Massilia had been even more degrading, and
her subjugation by the inhumane Scythian Strap more shameful, but the knowledge
that the brute force of the lash had crushed her righteous resistance was almost
worse than the beating itself. Two weeks of ruthless drill had not taken the
fight out of her, but the dreadful flogging had literally left her without a
sound leg to stand on - and it had taken Byrria no more time to decimate her
strength than it would have taken Taleena to complete two laps around the cinder
track.

*  *  *

	Thickening shadows of twilight had descended by the time Taleena limped
across the yard toward the staff building. She almost fell down the steps that
led to the basement, and when she finally made it to her sparse quarters, she
threw herself toward her bed with her last ounce of strength.  But she lacked
even enough strength in her legs to accomplish that simple task and her
collapsing motion miscarried.  Taleena fell awkwardly to her knees, half
supporting herself by clinging to the edge of the cot, as she heard the door of
her cell closing behind her.
	
	Groaning with strain, the fallen blonde turned her head to realize with
horror that Rutilius had preceded her to her cell.  The grinning, pock-marked
youth had been waiting for her arrival, and was leaning indolently against the
wall behind the door which he had just slammed shut. He twirled her flimsy
strophium casually between his fingers - the trophy that he had triumphantly
ripped from her body while she had been tied to the whipping post.
	
	"Have you been looking for this?" he smirked, holding her strophium out
toward her, his eyes leisurely taking in the curves of Taleena's near-naked body
while she tried to catch her breath. 
	
	Grimacing in discomfort, Taleena faced the young guard who approached
her menacingly.  Her upward glance could not fail to take in the bulge in his
adolescent crotch, thick and threatening and growing by the second.
	
	"Ahh, so now you show courage, you coward!" Taleena spat out
contemptuously through her pain. "When I challenged you the other day, you slunk
from my sight like a beaten dog. But now that the Thracian has torn me apart you
have come to confront me!  Is this the nature of your courage, your manhood,
boy?"
	
	"Now is that any way to speak to a man who has done you the favour of
returning something you ... misplaced?" Rutilius snapped derisively, making
clear that he had been angered by Taleena's disparaging words. "I should have
thought that you'd have been pleased to get it back," he continued as he lowered
the cloth that had held Taleena's breasts and stroked it lightly across the
bulge in his crotch. 
	
	"Just give it to me, damn you," Taleena hissed, "and get out of here!"
	
	"What do you offer me in return?" he smirked, as his eyes dropped to her
bare legs and the brief loin-cloth which covered their juncture.
	
	Taleena gave the gloating guard a look of undisguised hatred as he
tucked the strophium into the front of his belt.
	.
	"Come on, don't play the virgin with me, galley whore," Rutilius
snarled.  "I'll bet you offered the whipmaster on your ship whatever he wanted
to spare yourself a few lashes, didn't you?"
	
	"I offered him nothing, you pig!  And I'll give you even less!"
	
	"Well then, I'll have to take it, then, won't I?" Rutilius snarled,
goaded on by Taleena's continual insults.  He took a quick step toward her, and
Taleena lurched painfully to her feet to defend herself.  But she was not quick
enough, and he seized her roughly by the right wrist, twisting her arm
painfully.  Taleena swung around and kicked at him, but lost her balance,
allowing him to throw her against the rough wooden door.
	
	Taleena grimaced in pain but charged headlong at him, hoping to drive
her shoulder into his mid-section, but Rutilius pivoted quickly, seized her by
her bare shoulders and sent her sprawling across the floor.
	
	"Aaaaaaaahhh," Taleena cried out in agony as her whip-ravaged back
scraped against the terracotta tiles.  Grunting furiously, Rutilius threw
himself on top of her, driving a knee aggressively between her thighs while
Taleena thrashed beneath him like a wildcat, her bare legs churning, her arms
pounding at his head and shoulders as she fought to rid herself of her
assailant. 
	
	"Get off ... of me ... Roman pig!" Taleena cursed, as Rutilius pressed
his attack, throwing his weight forward and crushing her tender breasts beneath
his chest as he seized her wrists, pinning them to the ground on either side of
her head.  Taleena felt the massive bulge in his crotch hard against the flesh
of her bare belly, and tried to rear up and throw off her predator.  But her
ordeal at the whipping-post had sapped her of her strength.  On the other hand,
Rutilius' incipient lust seemed to infuse the lanky lad with unexpected vigour,
and after a few more vain attempts to wrest herself free Taleena's resistance
subsided somewhat as she tried to conserve her waning energy.
	
	Rutilius, breathing heavily after their brief struggle, let his greedy
eyes wander over the lush, arching expanse of the Avernian's slightly flattened
breasts. The soft, heaving mounds glistened under a thin film of perspiration,
and the fresh welts the whip had left on their outer contours only added to the
fire in his loins.
	
	Poised triumphantly over his vanquished prey, the thrill of conquest
coursed through his veins.  He had stalked the luscious Avernian recruit since
the day she had first set foot in the Flavian compound, ogling her marvellous
body from a distance whenever he could. He had watched her suffering under the
cruel training regimen, fighting in the pit, bathed in sweat, nude save for the
flesh-searing Scythian Strap, and he had pictured her in all kinds of even more
compromising scenarios. But aside from his feverish dreams, he had never before
had the opportunity to take a woman's breasts in his hands, much less breasts
the likes of the gorgeous Gaul's.
	
	His hands itched to stroke, to squeeze, to fondle the treasures that
were now within his reach, and sensing Taleena's depleted strength, he put
behind him all of his cowardly inhibitions.  He tugged her arms from their
outstretched position and tried to pin them down at her sides by dint of using
his knees, thus freeing his hands to allow them to touch the enticing flesh that
he had worshipped from afar for so long.
	
	But when he neglected to keep the beleaguered blonde's wrists in check
with his hands, Taleena managed to tear one hand free. She struck him squarely
in the jaw, hurting her hand in the process, and as she felt his weight shift
slightly in response, she rose up with a Herculean effort and threw him to one
side.
	
	Rutilius cried out as he rolled over onto his back, but took Taleena
with him.  She found herself on top of him as she grappled with him, trying to
get control of his hands.  But Rutilius was fresh and strong and she had still
not recovered from being flogged to the brink of unconsciousness. As they
wrestled, Taleena's pendulous breasts hung full and ripe, their proud pink
nipples only a finger's length from his face.  Rutilius surged upward like a
fish snapping at a bait, thereby managing to roll her over on to her
whip-ravaged back again. He straddled her midsection, trying to restrain her
flailing arms, while Taleena lashed out at him furiously, landing another
glancing blow to his ear.
	
	"Bitch!" Rutilius growled in pain.  Boiling with rage, he
counter-attacked, smashing his fist into the side of Taleena's face, stunning
her and causing her to fall back weakly.
	
	His face still stinging from the second blow Taleena had dealt him, the
raging guard glanced vengefully down at the half-dazed blonde, and was seized by
a sudden inspiration. He dragged her prostrate body closer to the cot, heedless
of the whimpers that were wrenched from Taleena's lips as her ravaged back was
drawn painfully across the terracotta tiles of the floor. He drew the strophium
out of his belt and cut one end of the breast-bandage with his teeth, and then
savagely ripped the fabric in two. Taleena was still struggling to come round as
Rutilius grabbed a hemp-raw wrist, and used one of the strips to tie it quickly
to a post of the plank bed. His duties at the whipping post had not been wasted;
as Taleena fully regained her consciousness, she found that each of her
outstretched wrists had been securely tied to the ends of the bed frame, and
Rutilius was once again between her legs, his weight straddling her upper
thighs, his wild eyes on her heaving breasts.
	
	Taleena's long blonde tresses tossed wildly from side to side, and every
muscle  in her arms and  sweat-sheened upper body was taut with strain as she
fought frantically to free herself from a bondage that she knew was only a
prelude to more suffering.  But the lecherous young guard had done his work well
and the knots held. 
	
	"Don't think I haven't been waiting to do this, bitch!" Rutilius
growled, as he positioned himself across her bare thighs.   There was a crazed
look on his pock-marked face as the guard reached for Taleena's succulent
breasts, sliding his hands upward across her ribcage. He pressed his thumbs
tentatively into the lower curves of her mounds, mesmerized by their soft
resiliency. Growing bolder, his questing fingers moved to their outer curves and
touched the prominent welts left by the whip.  A malevolent smile crossed his
lips as Taleena grimaced in pain, but he pressed harder, pushing her breasts
inward, rubbing his thumbs across her nipples, pleased by the way they began to
harden under his touch.
	
	"You spoke to me like a dog in front of my comrades," Rutilius sneered
as he trapped the stiffening buds between the tips of his index and middle
fingers, and tugged on them, gently at first and then more vigorously.  Taleena,
ignoring the raw wounds in her back, thrashed wildly from side to side, but was
unable to free her wrists from her bonds or her breasts from the young guard's
rapacious grasp.  "But every dog will have his day,"  he muttered, as a thin
stream of spittle oozed out of the corner of his mouth, and  his eager hands
slid toward the outer curves of Taleena's breasts.  "And every kitten shall come
to fear him!"   With a bestial growl, Rutilius crushed her soft mounds together
again, enjoying her muted gasps of pain as he drove his sharp thumbnails into
the base of her puckering pink nipples.
	
	"By Jupiter," I wish those bastards could see me now," he crowed, 
"Who's the top dog, now, my pretty little pussycat?" he gloated, as he ground
Taleena's tender nipples brutally between his thumb and forefinger as Taleena
squirmed beneath him in pain.  "Beg me, wench!  Beg me to stop!" he raged as his
fingers tore at her taut breast-buds with barbaric savagery.
	
	"Aaaaaaghhh!" Taleena, worn down by suffering, could no longer suppress
her agony.
	
	Rutilius was thrilled that he had drawn a scream from the proud Gaul,
when Byrria had failed.  Spurred on by his success, he released Taleena's
tortured nipples, only to rake his ragged nails across the creamy curves of her
breasts.  "Beg me, slut!!"
	
	Taleena, furious with herself for having cried out, glared at her
tormentor with a look of pure hatred, revolted by the sight of the drooling
conqueror and repulsed by the pressure of his erection against her bare belly.
She made as if to spit at his ugly, pock-marked face, but her ordeal at the post
had parched her throat, and even that tiny gesture of defiance was denied her.
	
	Rutilius smirked at her futile effort as he shifted his weight and slid
further down her legs. Reading his lustful intent, Taleena jerked desperately at
her bonds as she made yet another frantic attempt to wriggle free from her
disgusting tormentor, but with her arms immobilized and Rutilius straddling her
legs she could do little to defend herself.
	
	For the second time that day, Rutilius gripped her loin-cloth and tugged
the loose-fitting fabric down over her rounded hips.  He cleverly pulled it
halfway down her thighs, limiting her ability to kick with her legs. Taleena's
body surged upward in an attempt to throw him off, but by thrusting out her
pelvis and arching her back, she only added fuel to Rutilius' mounting ardour.
	
	The sight of the blonde-fringed cleft between her tawny thighs only
enhanced the frenzied guard's determination, and he threw himself upon her
again, burying his face into the valley between her breasts, while he wedged his
right hand into the gap between her parted thighs.
	
	Taleena squirmed in revulsion as Rutilius explored the pink-lipped seam
of her vulva with a roughness that he hoped would mask his inexperience.  When
she tried to turn her hips away from his groping hand, she felt the coarse
stubble on his chin scrape against the soft upper slope of her left breast. 
Rutilius snarled with animalistic pleasure as he felt the warm, sweat-sheened
skin against his face, revelling in the sweaty, salty, sublime softness of her
breast-flesh. Taleena groaned helplessly as he took her nipple between his lips
and sucked it in, mouthing the marvellous morsel of flesh for a moment, before
his crooked teeth trapped the turgid bud, biting at it with painful persistence. 
	
	"Unnnghhh!" Taleena moaned miserably as Rutilius' worried her breast
like a jackal stripping meat from a carcass. But it was not until his fingers
invaded her vagina with unrestrained vehemence that she screamed.  Squirming
under her brutal conqueror, she gave a howl of outrage as she realized that his
pillaging hand had left her sex to fiddle with his belt, seeking to liberate his
manhood.  "Noooo!" she screamed in despair as she felt his engorged,
slimy-tipped phallus pressing against her upper thigh, as he positioned himself
for a first, vicious thrust.
	
	"Rutilius!"  The sharp, authoritative command caused both the fallen
blonde and the ungainly youth who was trying to mount her, to stop in their
tracks. Taleena's heart leaped up as she recognized Breaca's voice. The
appearance of the Celtic gladiatrix in the doorway startled the rutting youth -
as if he were a single ravenous jackal feasting on its prey, caught in the act
by the rest of the pack. But he didn't let go off her nipple, and his
head-turning motion distended the tender bud as it tugged at the lush breast in
which it was centred.

	"Get off of her!" the Celt snapped at the crazed youth, causing him to
finally release his toothy grip on Taleena's breast tip. "You have no business
being here, and you know it!"  And then, being careful not to utter a direct
threat to the red-faced young guard, she added in a stern voice, "I doubt that
Flavius would be pleased to learn that you have ignored his orders.  Crawl back
into the hole from which you came!"
	
	"I won't be ordered by you," Rutilius retorted angrily, staggering
clumsily to his feet as he stuffed his rapidly-dwindling erection back into his
loin-cloth, but the quaver in his reedy voice made it clear that he was already
in full retreat. "And don't think I'll forget this!" he hissed.  "Flavius will
take my side, not yours, when he learns that the likes of you has been
disrespectful to one of his guards!  You haven't seen the last of me!" he
concluded menacingly as he shoved the Celtic warrioress aside before stalking
furiously out the door.
	
	"You a guard?  It takes more than a uniform to make a man, you gutless
little bastard!"  Breaca called after him contemptuously.  "Tell Flavius what
you like, but don't forget to report how his miserable excuse for a guard
scurried away with his tail between his legs! And from where!"
	
	The Celtic gladiatrix stooped down and freed Taleena's wrists from the
bed frame, and the exhausted blonde curled up into a huddled crouch, leaning
against the wooden cot, trying to catch her breath.
	
	When her racing heartbeat had slowed, Taleena muttered grimly, "I'll
kill that filthy bastard!" as Breaca closed the cell door so that they could
speak freely. "I swear I will - after I rip his drooling tongue from his
throat!" Taleena's upper body shuddered at the remembrance of the touch of his
mouth on her breast. "And after I feed him to the pack of dogs that whelped him,
I'll kill that Thracian Harpy for what she has done to me! And to poor Selia!
I'll ..." But then Taleena's hysterical tirade was interrupted by a lament of
anguish that rose up from the depths of her being, a drawn-out wail of pain and
anger that slowly died away into a grief-stricken sob. Once that first sob had
given voice to her despair, it was as if the floodgates of her feelings had
opened, and that first sign of surrender quickly cascaded into a cataract of
emotion, sweeping away the tough pretence that she had maintained for so long.
	
	Deeply moved by the piteous sight, Breca knelt down alongside the
crestfallen girl, gently stroking her hair. "Calm down," she said softly,
"Sssshhhh. It will be all right." She continued to comfort the crying young
woman in a low, soothing voice for a while, and eventually Taleena's sobbing
subsided.  It had been a relief for the flaxen-haired girl to rid herself of her
pent-up emotions, but now she felt slightly ashamed at having shown her despair
so openly.
	
	Breaca cast a worried look over the length of Taleena's prone body,
shivering at the sight. The sensuous, sweat-sheened expanse of the ravaged
beauty's back seemed to glow in the dim light of the cell, from her round and
resilient, welt-ridged buttocks up to her sleek and slender, whip-ravaged
shoulders, as if her heightened body heat was shining through an all-covering
patina of pain.
	
	"Byrria was very skillful," Breaca informed Taleena matter of factly,
doing her best not to yield to an excess of compassion that would have done
neither of them any good.  "The cuts, I believe, have only torn the skin. I
don't think that there is any muscular damage.   But by the sword of Mars, girl,
what were you thinking when you decided to confront her?" she scolded Taleena
gently. "How many times have I warned you that she had it in for you?  She has
been looking for a pretext to punish you for two weeks, and today you offered
her one on a silver platter!"
	
	Breaca's tone had been quiet, not accusing, but in her vulnerable frame
of mind, Taleena took the Celt's remark as an unjust reproach. She had expected
words of comfort, not criticism, and was offended by the frankness of Breaca's
words - although - or because - she knew that there was some truth in them.  But
at that moment the last thing she needed to hear was that her own dreadful
suffering was somewhat self-induced, and she felt defiance, unbidden, rise up
within her.
	
	"She killed Selia!" Taleena exclaimed passionately, her eyes still damp
with tears. "Have you forgotten the poor girl who died at that cross already?"
But the instant the words had left her mouth, Taleena realized that it was
unfair to accuse the considerate Celt of indifference.
	
	"I, too, am sorry for the Spaniard's death." Breaca replied rather
coolly. "But once she was dead... Don't you understand, you must learn to come
to terms with those things you cannot change?"  Breaca's brusque but not
unsympathetic rejoinder put an end to the tension between them.  "But I'm not
here to lecture you," she smiled conciliatorily, "I came here to treat your
back."
	
	"But I'm not allowed to have it treated," Taleena replied weakly, glad
that the Celt had seemingly taken no further offence from her ill-considered
accusations.
	
	"You're not allowed to see the unctores," Breaca corrected her. "It is
splitting hairs, I know, but Byrria rarely attends our quarters, so nobody will
ever learn about what's going on in here if you don't tell them."
	
	Saying this she produced a vial of liquid and a piece of cloth from the
satchel she carried with her and uncorked the flask. A strong smell of lemon and
another acrid substance filled the air, and with a shudder Taleena recognized
the disinfectant that the unctores had applied to her bloodied knees in the
first week.
	
	"This is going to hurt," Breaca warned her compassionately. "But if we
do not clean the wounds, they can become infected by sweat and grime and you'll
be in a fever tomorrow, as I was when Byrria flogged me."  With a shudder
Taleena remembered the mosaic of whip-scars that she had seen on Breaca's back
in the baths, and offered a silent prayer that her own wounds would not leave
such a gruesome imprint.  "I'll give you a salve," Breaca went on, "that will
numb the pain when we're done with the cleansing."
	
	"Do it, then!" Taleena said tersely, suddenly angry with herself, and
with her own frailty, a frailty which might have encouraged Breaca to treat her
as if she were an ailing child.  "I endured the flogging; I shall endure this!"
	
	Breaca was pleased to see the bold spark of defiance back in Taleena's
blue eyes, but she said nothing; she knew only too well the sting of the
wound-cleansing unguent.  The naked Avernian pressed her lips together as the
Celt poured some of the lotion on a piece of cloth, and as soon as Taleena felt
the soaked fabric touch her raw shoulders, her sprawled body tightened.
	
	Breaca was pleased to see the bold spark of defiance back in Taleena's
blue eyes, but said nothing; she knew only too well the sting of the
wound-cleansing unguent.  The naked Avernian pressed her lips together
apprehensively as the Celt poured some of the lotion on a piece of cloth, and
the moment that she felt the soaked fabric touch her raw shoulders, her sprawled
body stiffened.
	
	"Aagggghhh...!" Taleena gasped in pain, her brave encouragement for
Breaca to begin the cleaning quite forgotten.  She clenched her fists so tightly
into her blanket that she could feel her fingernails biting into her palms as
her anguish brought fresh tears to her eyes.
	
	"I know, I know," Breaca said softly, in an empathetic voice that
reminded Taleena that Breaca would wear the grim design that displayed the
Thracian's artistry with the whip until the end of her days. "Believe me," she
whispered, her voice dropping an octave, "I know!" Breaca continued to wipe away
the tendrils of half-congealed blood and grime that covered Taleena's shoulders,
but try though she might, even her most delicate touch stretched the welts, and
the application of the caustic lotion made Taleena's whip-torn back convulse in
agony.
	
	"Do me the kindness," Taleena groaned through clenched teeth as Breaca's
ministrations reached the welts on the side of her left breast, "of wiping that
jackal's foam from my breast. I can't bear the thought of his mouth on my body!"
	
	Breaca hesitated briefly, surprised at first by the Avernian's plea, but
she quickly grasped the meaning it had for her friend. So she carefully turned
Taleena onto her right side,  After having soaked the cloth afresh with the
liquid,  she cupped the fullness of Taleena's left breast in her slender hand
and wiped at it gently, appalled by the marks Rutilius' fangs had left in the
soft flesh.   
	
	Rutilius' crooked teeth had left only the tiniest fissures on her
nipple, but the nerve-rich bud was all excruciatingly more sensitive to the
stinging pain of the disinfectant. Taleena groaned fiercely at the touch of the
fiery liquid, but for once it was a groan of grim satisfaction, for its scalding
touch seemed to purge the revolting reminder of Rutilius from her breast.
	
	Having finished with Taleena's breasts, Breaca turned her beautiful
young patient over onto her belly, and continued her cleansing work silently,
meticulously anointing the irregular gashes which the lash had etched in her
back.  Beginning with the livid diagonal weal that had creased Taleena's right
scapula, Breaca worked her way slowly down the planes and hollows of the Gaul's
blood-streaked back, until only the red-edged weals that disturbed the pale
perfection of her rounded buttocks remained untreated.
	
	"This one looks to be the worst of them all," the ginger-haired Celt
observed sympathetically, as she ran the tips of her fingers along the edge of
the deepest of the gashes.  Byrria's final lash had indeed been the most
vicious, a slicing blow which seemed to have split the firm mounds of Taleena's
bare behind in half. "You had better grab the bedframe with both hands," Breaca
whispered , "and brace yourself!" 
	
	As Breaca began to drip the burning liniment into the dimple at the apex
of Taleena's sensuous bottom-cleft, some of the liquid splashed into the deep
laceration.  Every muscle in Taleena's long, shapely body seemed to spasm in
sympathy with her gluteal muscles, which had drawn together until her buttocks
were clenched as tight as a tambour.   The gash was both long and deep, and
Breaca's pale hands shook when she saw Taleena stuff the edge of the blanket
into her mouth to stifle her screams and sobs.  The ginger-haired Celt cleaned
the gaping wound as carefully as she could, but the shudders of anguish that
convulsed the suffering blonde's blood-streaked, sweat-gelaming body at her
every touch forced her to proceed at an agonizingly slow pace.  It seemed an
eternity to both women before Breaca finally set the liniment aside signalling
that she had finished.
	
	Breaca reached out to brush a sweat-dampened wisp of hair away from
Taleena's glowing cheek, and the prostrate Avernian reached up to take her hand. 
"Thank you," she said under her breath, squeezing the Celt's helpful hand. "It
... hurt so much," she whispered, as the mere thought of the stinging
disinfectant made her voice break, "but I know it had to be done.  And I am
grateful that you were the one to do it!"   Taleena released Breaca's hand,
before adding in a firmer voice: "And I renew my vow - I swear by Mars and the
pantheon of gods that I will kill the Thracian and that mad dog of a guard for
what they have done to me!
	
	Given her pitiful condition, Taleena realized that her vow must have
sounded rather hollow and theatrical.  She regretted the intensity of her
outburst when she saw Breaca raise an eyebrow questioningly.
	
	"Hatred is a powerful emotion," the Celt said calmly, in a voice that
reminded Taleena somehow of her mentor, Eudocles.  "Do not let it take the place
of reason.  You must have patience, girl - patience to wait for the right moment
to take your revenge." She paused a moment before adding, in a voice tinged
equally with sarcasm and gloom, "But as for Byrria, you may have to go to the
back of the line."

	Breaca's sardonic remark dissipated the remaining tension between them,
and after that exchange, both women remained silent for a time while Breaca
fanned Taleena's burning back with the blood-stained cloth.  After a while, the
Celt opened her satchel and removed a small jar which contained the soothing
balm Taleena remembered from her visits to the unctores.
	
	Taleena longed for the numbing affect of the healing salve of
Athenodoros, and closed her eyes as Breaca began to rub it gently into her
weals.  After a momentary stinging sensation the pain began to diminish as the
curative essences asserted themselves.  Breaca performed the unction with the
same care that she had taken on the cleansing and Taleena began to wonder why it
was that her Celtic comrade had treated her so selflessly.  Finally she decided
to put an end to her wondering and asked, but was rewarded with an enigmatic
reply.
	
	"One day, perhaps, you will have the chance to do me a good turn,"
Breaca replied.  
	
	Taleena pondered the meaning of her words.  Was she suggesting that one
day they might find themselves facing each other in the ring?  But even if that
unlikely event ever came to pass, surely the Celt could not expect her to lose
the fight out of sheer gratitude?  Still puzzled, but reluctant to press her
friend further she left the question hanging in the air, but the Celt made no
move to clarify her statement.
	
	"Leave the food until the morning if you have no appetite now," Breaca
counselled her, referring to the evening meal which the unknown attendant had
left for her on the table earlier. "But you should take some fluids tonight if
you wish to regain your strength."
	
	Only now that Breaca mentioned the small amphora on the table did
Taleena realize how thirsty she was.  But the mere attempt to lift herself from
her prone position brought a rekindling of the conflagration in her back that
made her groan with pain.  Breaca helped her struggle to her knees on the bed,
and once more her unaccustomed frailty, which prevented her from rising from her
bed on her own, brought tears to Taleena's blue eyes.

	But once again, Breaca's matter-of-fact manner helped Taleena not to
sink even further into self-pity.  The ginger-haired Celt pretended not to
notice her tears and offered her friend the earthen jug.  Taleena took the
amphora from her hands and drank and drank, heedless of the trickles of water
that seeped out of the corners of her mouth, and ran down her throat and into
the valley between her breasts.  Breaca smiled gently when Taleena returned the
now-empty amphora to her, and turned to leave.

	"Sleep now, Taleena," Breaca said in an almost maternal voice,
addressing Taleena by her name for the first time.  "I'll look in on you
tomorrow."


XX.

	Taleena sank back down onto the planks of her bed and fell asleep almost
immediately. The deepness of her sleep seemed to pull her downward like a vessel
being sucked into a maelstrom. She sank deeper and deeper into a darker, quieter
place, but as soon as she began to right herself, she found herself in the
throes of a horrible nightmare that made her relive her ordeal in a disturbingly
surrealistic, but no less graphic way.

	She hung naked in a room without dimensions or surroundings, suspended
from her wrists by ropes that seemed to lead to nowhere. The ropes stretched her
arms widely apart, and there was no post to which she could cling to shield any
part of her nudity. She saw Byrria cross her field of vision to disappear
noiselessly behind her back, carrying a frightening whip which apparently had
taken on a life of its own, since the slender thong seemed to squirm in Byrria's
grip like a snake caught in the claws of an eagle.
	
	But even as the ghostly image of Byrria disappeared behind her, Taleena
was confronted by the spectre of Rutilius who had suddenly materialized out of
the nothingness in front of her.  The eerie-eyed youth probed her naked body
with his lewd stare for a moment, and then pointed toward her breasts, as if he
were selecting targets for the whip.  In the murky darkness off to her right
Taleena could make out the corpulent figure of Balbinus ensconced in a throne
which seemed to have been carved from a great wooden cross. One of the fat
merchant's pudgy hands roamed freely under the brief skirt of the nymph-like
Nilea, while the other pressed her docile head down toward his crotch. 
	
	But Taleena became distracted from that strange panorama as she felt the
touch of hands on her breasts.  She glanced downward, expecting to see the
rough, pale hands of the young guard, but found instead a pair of smooth ebony
fingers, drenched with oil. The dripping, disembodied hands of the Aethiopian
tasker fondled her full breasts roughly, lubricating her shapely mounds as if
preparing them for a duel with a sun that was never to be seen in the darkness
of her dreamworld.  Then, after scraping a pair of starkly pink thumbnails
across her tender nipples until they were taut with apprehension or desire, they
were gone.
	
	A moment later the snake-like whip began to hiss behind her, darting out
to torment Taleena, curling around her nude body and slicing into her well-oiled
breast-flesh with the eye-blurring speed of a viper. The shadowy figure of
Balbinus smiled and nodded his head approvingly as the fangs of the jet-black,
serpentine lash etched stripe after scarlet stripe into Taleena's defenceless
breasts, making a mockery of the protective coating the tasker had applied,
spitting its sizzling, flesh-burning venom onto her quivering mounds before
retreating, only to strike again.
	
	Taleena could see herself screeching out her lungs under the biting
lashes, but her screams were strangely soundless.  All she could hear were the
resounding, remorseless, relentless cracks of the whip and the unmistakable
excitement in Rutilius' voice as he counted the lashes in a nonsensical order,
his reedy voice reverberating eerily off of walls that she could not see.  Each
time the whip drew some blood from her quivering breasts the lashes stopped just
long enough to allow the leering guard to lick the crimson droplets away.

	Another figure materialized in the distance and when it drew nearer
Taleena thought she recognized the silhouette of Breaca.  But Byrria took no
notice of her approach and continued to sear her throbbing breasts with the
sizzling kiss of the whip.  When the withering onslaught of lashes paused for a
moment, the Celtic warrioress stepped forward, coolly surveying the scarlet
striations on Taleena's nude body. 'So you think, you're tough,' Breaca sneered,
producing a flask from her belt.   Taleena flinched in her dream when she heard
the Celt speaking in the Thracian's sneering voice. "Well, let's see what you're
made of!" the Breaca look-alike continued, holding the flask menacingly over
Taleena's whip-scalded breasts.  Bluish, licking flames seemed to pour from the
neck of the bottle with infinite slowness, even as the Celt's green eyes changed
colour, turning into smouldering coals that narrowed to slanting slits as she
followed the inexorable downward course of the flaming fluid.
	
	When the fiery droplets finally splashed onto her luridly-wealed
breasts, Taleena finally heard herself screaming - a deafening, nightmarish
scream that wrenched her from her uneasy sleep.  She awoke bathed in sweat, her
pulse racing wildly as a result of her dreadful dream.
	
	Struggling to get her agitated breathing under control, Taleena sought
to pull herself together, but even after reassuring herself for the third time
that her dream-tormentors had not really left the signs of their savagery on her
heaving breasts, she couldn't fall asleep for quite a while. Her body trembled
with fear, and  it was only when she heard the faint notes of a far-away flute
playing the soothing melody that she had heard twice before, that her heart
ceased its furious pounding and she drifted off again into a more restful sleep,
one that lasted until past noon.
	
*  *  *

	A square of light fell through the barred window onto the middle of the
bed, where Taleena's nude body was curled. She had been sleeping on her left
side, with her face to the wall and her legs slightly drawn up, and the cruel
marks on her back were starkly visible in the bright light of day.
	
	It was an overcast but so far rain-free day, the kind of cool spring
morning which at any other time would have made her feel glad to be alive.  But
Taleena's golden hair and the blanket on which she had writhed during her
troubled sleep were dishevelled by restlessness and damp with sweat, rekindling
the memory of her horrible nightmare. The flaxen-haired Gaul lay in bed
trembling for a moment, almost afraid to move, fearful that the slightest
movement might exacerbate her wounds.  But she was desperately thirsty, and as
she made the effort to rise, flames of agony seemed to lick at the lash-marks on
her back, drawing a sharp gasp of pain from her lips  
	
	The long-legged Gaul crawled gingerly out of her bed by using the wooden
table to support herself, but fresh flames of agony flickered with her every
movement. She fought through the pain and pulled her naked body upright, trying
to brace herself against the tabletop. Her glance fell on her untouched evening
meal and, seized by a sudden craving, she wolfed down the cold meat and stale
bread hungrily, tearing at it with both hands. But the spicy, half-caked sauce
which covered the meat made her even thirstier after than she had been before,
and when she reached for the amphora, its lightness reminded her that she had
drunk its contents last night.  She turned it upward, capturing the last few
tepid drops and then stared at the empty pitcher forlornly for a moment or two,
realizing that, whether she liked it or not, she had little choice but to drag
herself to the bathhouse in order to obtain water. Having no fresh clothing, she
covered her nudity by carefully wrapping the clammy blanket around her lacerated
shoulders and set off for the baths.
	
	Taleena was relieved to see that there was no one else around at that
early hour to watch her slow, painful pilgrimage across the yard.  Nor, it
seemed, was there anyone in the bath house when she arrived there. She slipped
the sweat-soaked blanket from her shoulders in the changing room and, after
offering a silent prayer of thanks that she was alone, strode naked toward the
great fountain in the tepidarium.  Arriving there, she stepped into the basin,
and waded through the knee-deep water until she reached the central pedestal on
which the gloomy war god maintained his perpetual silent guard. She clung to the
rim of the marble bowl, allowing the cascading water to pour over her head, and
the coolness of the water made her gasp as one long wide rivulet ran down her
torn back, stinging what was already sore.
	
	Taleena raised her head longingly and opened her mouth to drink her
fill, and when she had quenched her thirst she remained standing there in abject
resignation, letting the cool water stream down her burning back, dampening the
fires that still raged there.  Then she turned slightly, allowing some of the
water to course down the front of her body.  Using her hands to trap leaking
cupfuls of water, she splashed her body with them, and then used her hands to
bathe away the veneer of blood, sweat and grime in which her nude body was
encased.
	
	When she felt reasonably fresh, the blue-eyed Avernian stepped out of
the basin and began to inspect the front of her body for damage. There were some
fine scratches on the insides of her breasts and along the ridge of her
breastbone where the splintery wood of the post had abraded her skin.  But those
injuries were minor in comparison to the fiery welts on her flanks that had been
left by the fearful final foot of Byrria's flesh-searing whip.
	
	Taleena straightened to her full height to have a look over her
shoulder, trying to catch a glimpse of her back without much success. But her
futile attempt only served to stretch her wounds, causing her to wince with
pain.  It mattered little that her eyes could not get a good look at the
devastation the lash had caused, Taleena reasoned.  Not when each of the three
dozen fiery lines that the Thracian had scrawled on her tapering back and
rounded buttocks continually announced their presence.
	
	Her attempt to turn her head having caused a sharp pain in her right
breast,  Taleena raised her right arm and slowly  put that hand behind her head
as she slid the fingers of her left hand under her water-glistening breast, and
then around it with a careful touch, gently weighing its fullness in her hand.
	
	She looked down at the lurid weals which were imprinted on that side of
her chest, one just beneath her armpit and two more a finger's width lower
still. The cruel tip of Byrria's lash had landed just beyond the sensuous crease
where the soft skin of her breast melted into the less sensitive layer of flesh
which was stretched across the side of her ribcage. It had hurt terribly when
the thin end of the thong had delivered its biting kiss, and Taleena could not
bring herself to imagine the result had not the upright post prevented the whip
from wrapping itself fully around her upper body.
	
	She cradled her aching breast like a mother consoling a tearful child,
as her own bitter tears of despair brimmed in her eyes. Misery welled up inside
her as she thought of the prior week and how much she had enjoyed her free day -
what a contrast between that day and this!  She felt a tremor run through her
body as the anger rose within her, anger at herself, anger that she was not even
strong enough to cope with her plight without tears. She was alone in the world,
abandoned by the Fates, and persecuted by a vengeful Thracian Fury. She had
resolved never to surrender her life or her quest for freedom without a
struggle, but her vow seemed unconvincing now. It was impossible not to
recognize that her plight seemed worse than ever.
	
	Yesterday in the immediate aftermath of her flogging, her suffering had
prevented her from thinking about the future.  But now that the realization
struck her that the resumption of her arduous training regimen was only hours
away, fear gripped her chest in its iron hand and sent waves of nausea through a
stomach already balled into a tight knot.  It seemed inconceivable that her body
could long endure in her weakened condition, and stretched and battered as she
was, she did not think she could summon up the fighting spirit that would be
required to face the challenges that the next round of training would surely
bring. 'To what purpose?' she thought bitterly.  However much she struggled,
however hard she tried, the hard-hearted Thracian would forgive her neither her
beauty nor her pride, much less her insubordination.  What is the value of a
life in which one is denied all dignity, all recognition, all meaning?  A life
in which one is treated not as a free citizen, nor even as a slave, no better
than the humblest beast of burden?

	As Taleena wrestled with the thought of suicide, she suddenly sensed
Selia's ghostly presence at her side. She drew back in wonder, struck by the
memory of a passage that wise old Eudocles had once recounted to her.  Antigone,
the noble daughter who had survived her father, the unlucky Oedipus, had been
condemned to die for honouring the laws of the gods rather than those of a
tyrant.  Her beloved sister Ismene had come to her in the prison, hoping to join
her in death rather than live on in an unjust world.  Taleena turned toward the
vision of Selia and whispered passionately, even as Ismene had entreated
Antigone at their final meeting, "Oh, sister, let me share your death." 
	
	The vision of Selia seemed to smile benignly and Taleena felt a touch on
her golden hair.  Had it been Selia's gentle hand or just a sudden gust of wind?
After a moment of silence the vision of the Spanish girl spoke in a voice
stronger, more decisive than it had ever been in life.  "You shall not die with
me, sister .... One death is enough."  And then the wraith was gone.

	The remembered image and voice of the doomed Spaniard struck a chord
within Taleena and the wish to disprove the Thracian's prediction roused a
flicker of defiance that stirred her pride - the pride which she had thought the
brutal flogging had crushed forever.


*  *  *

	Taleena left the tepidarium and took the fresh garments out of her
locker in the changing room, still musing about the next day. As much as she
would have wished to cover her breasts before traversing the yard on her return
to her cell, she couldn't bring herself to wrap the strophium around her chest. 
She could not bear the thought of the rough cloth rubbing against her
whip-scarred back.

	She put on her loin-cloth, though, pulling the two linen triangles so
high on her hips that they cupped the protruding, half-naked cheeks of her
burning behind in an uncomfortable fashion. She grabbed the blanket and left the
bathhouse, grimacing at each step as the loin-cloth chafed against her bare
bottom, dreading the idea of having to wear her full outfit during the next
training unit. Since even the most ordinary motions entailed so much pain, it
required little imagination to envision how horrible the next few training
sessions might be.  She would never be able to fulfil the daily quota of the
daunting exercises.  She could almost picture the mockery in Byrria's smile and
the satisfaction the Thracian would take in making her life a living Tartarus.


*  *  *

	Back in her cell, Taleena relieved herself of her skimpy garment and
reclined nude on her bed as she fearfully contemplated the week to come.  Breaca
stepped into her room a little later, intent on giving her another treatment,
but this time the Celt's appearance made Taleena feel uneasy.

	She was not ashamed of her nakedness in Breaca's presence, but it
reminded her all too well of her battered body and how pitiful her sight must
appear to the Celt. In an attempt to prove that her strength was returning,
Taleena forced herself to rise from her bed without help, and straddled the
chair to receive Breaca's treatment in an upright posture which would make her
feel less vulnerable.

	But as soon as Taleena sat astride the chair, tightly gripping its back,
the smouldering pain that position brought to her stretched, welt-streaked,
buttocks brought fresh tears to her eyes. She visualized herself at the dining
area, crying into her meal in front of her comrades - or even worse, kneeling to
avoid the discomfort her pain-racked behind caused her. 

	 Breaca could not help but notice Taleena's dejection.  "Despair not
about tomorrow," Breaca began, but when she paused to think of any comfort she
could offer to her friend, Taleena cut her short.

	"How should I not despair?!" she exclaimed bitterly. "Look at me! I'm
not even able to rise from my bed without pain, and I can hardly sit down
without crying!"

	"I do look at you, Taleena," Breaca replied sympathetically as her green
eyes met the watery blue of the Avernian's.  "And of course I see the welts on
your body, as well as the tears in your eyes. But through those tears I can also
see your will gleaming with unbroken pride. The will that made you defy the
Thracian even when the whip had forced you to your knees. The same will that
made you endure a flogging fierce enough to fell a farmhorse.  I do not wish to
speak ill of your friend, but if she had had half of your spirit, she would
still be alive."

	The thought of the slender Spaniard was painful, but somehow it helped
Taleena to pull herself back from the edge of resignation. She remembered
Selia's ghostly visitation in the bath house earlier in the day, and once more
she vowed to prevail over the Thracian's malice, if only to honour  her fallen
comrade.

	As Breaca's words nurtured her friend's soul, encouraging her not to
despair, her hands tended to Taleena's body.  The cuts on Taleena's back had not
yet scabbed over, but the ointment burned less than it had on the day before,
and soon Taleena began to feel faint sensations beyond mere pain.  Breaca's
skilful fingers worked the salve so lovingly into the welts that Taleena began
to wonder whether her treatment meant more to the Celt than simple medical care,
but she dismissed those thoughts as pure imagination.

	"Don't let the shadows of despair cloud your spirit," Breaca insisted,
and her firm voice roused Taleena from her musing. "I'm not going to lie to you
- Byrria will enjoy giving you a hard time; but you must - and will -- survive!
Even if the exercises break you physically, they cannot break your spirit -
unless you let them. As long as you refuse to quit, Flavius will never allow
Byrria to finish you off! His maxim is treat them rough, make them tough - but
he's always been just in his decisions."

	She paused, and when she saw Taleena's doubtful look she went on
explaining her assertion. "You're talented with the sword, and what is more you
have the fighting spirit which is required in our profession!" she reasoned.
"You have made greater progress than you could ever have been expected to make
in such a short time! And notwithstanding your present condition your
constitution is far above the female average! Last but not least, you are a
beautiful woman - those of us who combine these virtues are very rare.   Flavius
is a business man who's out for a profit. A big profit.   Believe me, he knows
very well that he stands to make a fortune from your appearances if you are
successful in the ring.  He would have to be a fool to let you fall victim to
Byrria's vindictiveness!"
	
	Taleena had noticed the pride in the Celt's voice when she had spoken of
herself as an exquisite specimen of the gladiatorial guild, and the fact that
Breaca had included her in that select circle of attractive women did not fail
to lighten her spirits.  But she had been puzzled by an enigmatic glint in
Breaca's eye when she had commented on her beauty. There had been pride there,
and comradeship, to be sure.  But had there been something more?

	"Promise me that you will not falter, no matter what the Thracian does!"
Breaca said in an impassioned voice. "Don't let that Thracian slut have the
satisfaction of seeing you fail!  If you can but survive this week, all will be
well.  The second half of the training is always far easier than the first!

	The good-hearted Celt left a few moments later, leaving Taleena to
consider her encouraging words.  The compliments had indeed cheered the Gaul,
since they were very nearly the only recognition she had won so far, and her
comments about Flavius Autronius sounded plausible. Taleena puzzled over
Flavius' seeming lack of interest in the training to date, but the persuaded
herself that a man of his substance and position surely had many concerns
besides the training of a single class of recruits.  With that realization,
though, the dark thoughts returned, and she was glad when weariness overtook her
and released her from her worries.

*  *  *
	
	Taleena slept restlessly, waking several times during the night with a
start, panic-stricken for a moment that it was time for the training to begin
again, until the darkness in her cell made her realize that it was still some
time till dawn. She drifted in and out of sleep, and when the attendant who
unlocked the cell doors in the morning finally made his tour of the barracks to
rouse the recruits, she had already got out of her bed, and was about to put on
her ankle-weights.

	She put on the uncomfortably tight-fitting loin-cloth, and even forced
herself to wrap the strophium around her chest. Her back and shoulders throbbed
with pain with her every movement, and she winced each time she moved so much as
an arm, because the stretching movement caused the tissue under the half-formed
scabs to twitch as if aflame. 
	
	But fighting topless in the pit and against Arminius had taught her what
suffering was involved in competing without breast support, and that memory made
her prefer to wear the strophium, even though it was far from comfortable on her
raw back.  Moreover she didn't want to give Byrria an opportunity to chastise
for her wearing (or rather not wearing) improper attire for training.  So,
having decided on her uniform, Taleena quickly plaited her hair into golden
braids before leaving her cell en route to the training area.

	The thought of the forthcoming encounter with the Thracian caused her
stomach to churn with anxiety, but she strove to focus on Breaca's most
insistent encouragement. 'Byrria will never be able to break your spirit unless
you let her,' the Celt had said, and Taleena was fiercely determined to prove to
her friend that her courage would be a match for the Thracian's malevolence.



XXI.   
   F  lavius
  had been in Rome on business for the past ten days, closing a major deal: Amongst
  other fighting schools, his Ludus Flavianus would supply the Roman Games!
  Held in honour of Jupiter, the Games would start on the Kalends of September,
  and would last fifteen days, four of them comprising theatrical performances,
  the rest featuring chariot races, animal shows &ndash; and every sort of gladiatorial
  combat.  
 But due to the large number of fights which would be scheduled for such
  a huge event, the casualties amongst the fighting personnel were sure to be
  heavy indeed. Along with the numerous smaller events which focused on classical
  hand-to-hand combats, major shows like the Roman Games also involved massive
  recreations of famous battle scenes, requiring huge numbers of fighters. Even
  one such production would demand more personnel than Flavius could comfortably
  provide at the moment, and he could ill afford to send his carefully selected
  fighters, in whose training he had invested so much time and money, to such
  a wholesale slaughter.  
So he had reached an agreement with the organizing magistrate that the members
  of his squad would only star in the main one-on-one bouts which attracted the
  largest audiences. There, his more popular fighters stood a better chance of
  being spared by the bloodthirsty crowds, even if they were to lose a fight.
  Even so, the outcome of a contest could never be certain; surely several prized
  gladiators would find themselves passengers of Charon, the grim boatman who
  plied the dark waters of the river Styx &ndash; the river called 'horror' &ndash; which
  led into the underworld. 
Still, Flavius was thrilled by the project, and not only because it would
  earn him a small fortune. Having been conferred with the honour of being an
  official supplier of the Roman Games, he had set foot into the big business
  of gladiatorial sports, and a good performance by his squad could only establish
  him there. If his school could grow and he could get a contract for a large
  number of fighters for the coming season, he would be set for life! 
Apart from this major undertaking, Flavius had also negotiated a small, but
  prestigious arrangement with none other than Publius Aurelius Sejanus, the
  designated Prefect of the Praetorian Guard. Coming from an old, but not particular
  wealthy family, Sejanus had been in chronic financial trouble until he had
  had the good fortune of being adopted by Marcus Aurelius Meridius, a politically
  influential ex-consul who had noticed the potential of the ambitious young
  man. The Gens Aurelia was one of the wealthiest families in Rome, and
  now that he was a man of both status and wealth, Sejanus could actually afford
  the luxurious lifestyle he had always led.  
Amongst his many and varied interests, Sejanus had hit upon a rather unusual
  hobby which was considered highly inappropriate for a man of his patrician
  background. While in search of new entertainments for the Lucullan revelries
  of the rich, he and some like-minded friends had discovered that mano-a-mano combats
  between two scantily clad young women added a certain debauched zest to such
  events. It was of little concern to him that female gladiators were held in
  the lowest regard, and considered to be even lower on the social scale than
  their male counterparts. For in a Rome eternally torn between a scandalized
  contempt for misconduct and the prurient appeal of the most lurid bacchanals
  imaginable, Sejanus had stumbled upon a most agreeable way to exploit the empire's
  moral hypocrisy. As a favourite of the emperor, he could well afford to ignore
  the snobbishness of his old-fashioned peers &ndash; and accordingly he had
  decided to have some girls of his own trained to be fighters at one of the
  family's country estates.  
But opponents for his proteg&eacute;es were hard to find. There was only
  one school around Capua which had specialized in the training of female fighters,
  a school which also produced a number of the rare fist-fighting cestiatae. Their
  name derived from the ancient Spartan sport of boxing with the cestus &ndash; wooden
  plates, sometimes garnished with metal studs, bound to wrists and fists; only
  the strongest and bravest of women could long survive in this discipline, which
  demanded courage greater than that of almost any other gladiator, since its
  dauntless practitioners had to be trained to receive and endure blows rather
  than merely evade them. Cestus-fighting required courage of a high order,
  one to which few young women could aspire. But those who did were made for
  life. Cestus fights to the death were rare, and even if one was staged
  and promoted as such, a cestiata usually fell victim to a combination
  of fatigue, loss of blood, and sheer pain, before death could claim her. The cestiatae were
  much too valuable to be lost casually, so most survived, prospered, and were
  eventually freed. But girls who possessed the requisite attributes of endurance,
  fighting skill, courage and beauty, were as rare and as prized as vestal virgins. 
 It was the good fortune of Flavius that he could muster Byrria, the Thracian
  tigress, who had few rivals in this archaic but prestigious discipline, having
  been trained to do battle with the cestus during her youth in Thrace.
  And so it was that Flavius and Sejanus had come to terms regarding a fight
  between Byrria and Sejanus' most promising girl. The young patrician had been
  so confident of the fighting skills of his girl that he scheduled the bout
  to take place at his own villa in July, at a private banquet celebrating his
  elevation to the post of Praetorian Prefect. 
In the meantime, Flavius planned to increase his one-woman cestus department
  by training Taleena, who seemed to possess all of the virtues needed for such
  a demanding discipline &ndash; not to mention a face and figure that would
  stir the loins of the pleasure-seeking sons of Rome. But unfortunately there
  was no quick way to produce a capable cestiata; learning the art of
  the cestus required months, perhaps years, of training and practice &ndash; difficult
  and dangerous training that claimed half of the possible recruits before they
  had fought a single real battle &ndash; and the Gaul had yet to pass the standard
  basic training required of all the gladiators in his employ.  
* * *  
Upon his return to the arena, Flavius had wasted
    no time in informing himself of the progress his recruits had made during
    his absence, and of course he had quickly learned of the incidents which
    had led to the fatal flogging of the young Iberian girl and the severe punishment
    of the proud Avernian. He had not been unduly chagrined by the loss of the
    Baetican, since it was merely a cost of doing business; she had shown clearly
    that she had no future as a fighter. By the time of her fatal 'accident'
    Flavius had become resigned to the idea of selling her to some lusty old
    senator with a taste for round-bottomed young girls in order to recoup his
    investment. Selia, after all, had been something of a throw-in when he had
    bought the other slaves from Balbinius.   
As to the Gaul, the situation was rather more complicated. From the beginning
  he had had misgivings that the defiant nature of the blue-eyed beauty who had
  glared at him so fearlessly even while enmeshed in shackles on the wharf at
  Ostia, would get her into trouble. So much so that he had almost encouraged
  Byrria to cure his headstrong acquisition of her somewhat insolent nature.
  He hadn't needed an oracle to foretell that a rivalry would soon spring up
  between the two strong-willed women.  
Calixtus had related to him, with more than
    grudging approval, that the Gaul had not screamed once during her punishment.
    Being quite familiar with Byrria's expertise with the whip, Flavius had to
    agree with his chief-instructor that this was another testimonial to the
    courage of the flaxen-haired beauty, the same kind of courage she had shown
    as she had silently endured her branding at her first day in his school.
    Musing about that impressive display of fortitude, Flavius caught himself
    picturing the golden-haired Gaul hanging naked from the whipping post, squirming,
    moaning, twisting under the flesh-searing strokes as she strove to cheat
    both her tormentress and the leering audience of the prurient satisfaction
    of hearing her cry&hellip;   
 Knowing Byrria as he did, Flavius could well
    imagine the ruthlessness with which his Thracian tigress had flogged the
    proud, long-legged blonde whom she seemed to have viewed as a rival from
    the moment they had met. Byrria had a history of displaying jealousy whenever
    a new female recruit arrived at the arena, and more than one novice had come
    to regret meeting the high standards Flavius had set in regard to looks and
    skill.   
 But apart from Byrria, who had warmed his
    bed for some time, Flavius had made it a point not to give in to the temptations
    accruing to a man in his position. He had always felt that exploiting the
    charms of some of his female charges would lead to dissension and accusations
    of favouritism. In fact, Byrria was a shining example of his theory that
    it was good sense to keep business and privacy strictly apart &ndash; Calixtus
    was probably not the only one who imagined that Byrria had earned her position
    with  her sheath, not her sword. Flavius was
    willing to concede that point to some extent &ndash; Byrria's talents at
    indoor sports even eclipsed her skills in the ring. Even so, he had never
    met a woman who could fight like the Thracian, and he couldn't think of anyone
    better suited for the post of the female  lanista  .
    Still, Byrria's appointment had never been well received by the other fighters.   
In all fairness, Flavius had to admit that
    Byrria's jealousy of the Avernian wasn't completely unfounded. He had been
    intrigued by the blonde Gaul's beauty ever since he had first seen her, shackled
    and all-but-naked, during the disembarkation of Balbinus' slaves at Ostia.
    But he had been surprised to find that thoughts of her filled both his waking
    and sleeping hours, even during his trip to Rome &ndash; whose fleshpots
    offered every imaginable pleasure (and some he could not have imagined) to
    a man well-stocked with sesterces. Nevertheless he still retained a special
    fascination for Taleena, the splendid young woman who combined beauty with
    fighting spirit and a will that had made her choose a place on the rower's
    bench over a place a the side of a  doting but demanding master like
    Balbinus.  
Byrria seemed to have sensed his drifting attention, because upon his return
  late the prior evening, she had met him at the door, wearing a skimpy garment
  consisting of two pieces of filigree chain mail. The halves of the sleeveless,
  low-cut top were held together by a coin-sized silver clasp that nestled between
  her pouting breasts whose fullness strained the fragile-looking fastener to
  its limit. The contrast between hard glittering metal and soft womanly flesh
  was further enhanced by an expanse of bare belly-skin and the two brief triangles
  of silvery meshwork that were held in place around her loins by a silver chain.
  The flickering light given off by the oil lamps in the room caused the gleaming
  metal to shimmer seductively, even more so as it danced lightly over the tempting
  contours of her body. 
Flavius had felt his mouth dry and his manly erection stiffen as he took
  in her charms. He had stared at her barely-concealed breasts hungrily, wondering
  how the tiny chain-links had teased her nipples to such a provocative pointiness
  that they seemed to dent their erotic armour. His roving eyes had explored
  the long shapely legs that she had wrapped around his waist and neck and shoulders
  on so many prior occasions, but tonight Byrria had been in no mood for posing
  for his pleasure, as she had done so artfully when first she had seduced him. 
She had dragged him to their sleeping-room like a tigress dragging fresh
  prey to her lair, brushing off his mild protests of fatigue from his journey
  with contemptuous disdain. She had torn at his tunic with hands and teeth,
  and when he was naked she had attacked his genitals with single-minded dedication,
  stroking, cupping, kissing, licking, coordinating the movements of her body
  with the grace of a gymnast. She had stripped off her silvery breast-covering
  and pressed the smoothness of his saliva-wet erection against and between her
  dark-nippled breasts until it rose from his groin in all of its virile glory.
  Then she had torn feverishly at the web of silver laces around her waist, whipped
  off the scanty loin-cloth and climbed onto his phallus, to ride it with the
  skill and passion of a Minoan bull-rider, bouncing up and down on him until
  their two bodies were bathed in sex-sweat, her interior muscles gripping, constricting,
  milking his swollen penis, while her hands alternately raked her nails across
  his chest and then cupped and squeezed her own breasts in the throes of an
  animalistic passion. 
But throughout it all, Flavius could not put the image of the golden-haired
  Gaul out of his mind. In the sensual half-light of their bedchamber, he imagined
  that it was Taleena's tawny thighs that straddled him, her sensuous lips worshipping
  his manhood, her luscious breasts embracing it, and her beautiful backside
  bouncing on his thighs, and that it was her blonde-fringed woman slit which
  was trying to consume his pleasure-shaft with such voraciousness. As his frenzied
  lust mounted he imagined that Byrria had surprised
  the amorous lovers, and that in her wrath she was sweeping her dreadful lash
  across Taleena's bare back even as the blonde rocked back and forth on his
  raging erection. Caught in his erotic reverie, Flavius lowered his  hands
  from Taleena's love-mounds to her smooth thighs so that the whip could wrap
  around her bobbling breasts, stinging them with
  its fiery kiss, even as he timed the tempo of his fierce upward lunges to the
  rhythm of the whip cracks. And this time, in his mind's eye, Taleena, ravaged
  by pain and pleasure, did scream, at his every manly thrust. So intense was
  his desire, so swept away was he by his passion, that when Byrria's cock-pleasuring
  convulsions had finally done their work and transported him to Elysian peaks
  of ecstasy, he was not sure that he had not called out Taleena's name&hellip;   
* * *   
Flavius took up his customary place on the
    balcony, and looked down at the training area with mixed emotions. The Gaul
    was the last to arrive in the yard, but he considered the fact that she was
    attending the training at all to be a good omen; not many recruits would
    have done so in her condition. Punishments such as she had endured were hardly
    uncommon in a gladiator's life, but while the Gaul had certainly been guilty
    of insubordinate behaviour, Flavius was concerned that Byrria had badly mistimed
    the nature and extent of her flogging. Notwithstanding the weekly punishments,
    the two  lanistae   of
    the  Ludus Flavianus   were
    under strict instructions to put even more pressure on the candidates in
    the third week, setting even higher physical and mental standards than before.   
 Flavius' watchful eyes followed Taleena as
    she took her place in the line. As usual she was wearing the sparse combination
    of loin-and-breast-cloths that drew attention to her luscious curves as much
    as it concealed them. Once again he was intrigued by the way her poise lent
    her a semblance of dignity, even though the cruel stripes traversing her
    upper body told the story of her degradation at the whipping post  more
    vividly than an Ovidian poem could have done. Flavius had
    granted Byrria some scope to take the headstrong Gaul to her limits in this
    third week, but warned her again not to overdo it &ndash; if the aggravated
    rigours of the training, coupled with the aftermath of her whipping, should
    break Taleena's spirit, he would have to bury his plans to make her the second  cestiata   in
    his squad.   
As he watched the whip-ravaged blonde take
    her place in the line, Flavius was confident that it would take more than
    a flogging to make this girl buckle under the strain. After all, her dogged
    defiance had enabled her to survive her stint on the  bench of Balbinus'
    galley, and to frustrate his machinations to
    subvert her will. But before Flavius was to have a chance to observe how
    the proud Gaul would respond to the rigours of the day's drill, there was
    yet another punishment to be carried out&hellip;   
* * *  
 As soon as she entered the courtyard, Taleena sensed that something unusual
  was brewing. It was not only Flavius' presence on the balcony, or the absence
  of the poor, doomed Selia, but there was something else, something vague but
  sinister, that produced an almost palpable tension in the air. 
 Both recruits and fighters had lined up in front of the building, and the
  guards and the archers on the roofs seemed to be on the alert. After two weeks
  of balmy spring weather the clouds in the gray sky overhead seemed heavy with
  gloom, as if they had absorbed all of the tears in the Roman world, and were
  preparing to shed them on the Ludus Flavianus. The cool April breeze
  that swept through the yard carried the bitter bite of Boreas, the north wind,
  who seemed to have risen with the dawn in a wrathful temper. 
 Taleena was aware of the glances of her fellow-trainees who seemed to be
  appraising her condition as she hurriedly approached her comrades. As she neared
  her place in line alongside Arminius, she noticed to her surprise that there
  were not one, but two openings in the ranks of the recruits. Hamilkar Barkas,
  the tall Phoenician, stood to her left, next to the other open space, and while
  a small part of her attention was given over to determining which member of
  the squad was missing, she was more concerned with the familiar crosspieces
  which were positioned in front of each trainee and promised another onerous
  run.  
 Particularly with the peculiar qualities of
    the beam that awaited the missing candidate. The ends of that ghastly beam
    were propped up on stones, in order to keep its dreadful adornment off of
    the uneven ground. For the entire length of the wooden beam had been wreathed
    in finger-thick, thorn-bearing withes, which rendered the cruel cross-piece
    an even more oppressive load for the poor fellow who would have to carry
    it.   
 &quot;How nice of you to join us, at last,&quot; Byrria
    welcomed the troubled Avernian in a voice drenched in sarcasm. After impatiently
    waiting for Taleena to take her place, Byrria circled her, her eyes flashing
    with sinister intent. &quot;We are all anxious to begin with the execution
    of today's punishment. It shall be a lesson to those who think they can ignore
    my orders!&quot; she sneered, casting Taleena a meaningful glance. &quot;While
    you apparently have chosen to forget it, I remember giving an order that
    your back was not to be treated after your flogging  !&quot;   
 &quot;No! You can't!&quot; Taleena cried out despairingly. She felt her
  emotions rapidly spinning out of control as the identity of the bearer of the
  dreadful cross-piece became clear. 
&quot;But I can, Gaul! And I will.&quot; Byrria snapped back. &quot;You two
  should have considered the risk before flouting my orders. Don't waste your
  breath on denials, because your fine friend has already confessed. And the
  fool has even insisted on taking the full responsibility for this breach of
  duty, despite your obvious consent.&quot; She paused a moment, displaying her
  usual flair for the dramatic, before shouting, &quot;Bring her forward!&quot; in
  the direction of the staff building. 
 Standing at attention like the rest of the lined-up fighters, Taleena heard
  shuffling steps behind her back, coming from the direction of the staff building.
  Turning her head furtively to the left, she spotted a pair of guards jerking
  Breaca roughly from side to side as they marched her along. The proud Celtic
  warrioress did her best to march between her captors with a semblance of dignity,
  but even so they handled her rudely before finally sending her sprawling in
  the dirt in front of the thorn-bristling crosspiece.  
 Breaca had been stripped all but naked by
    her captors, and wore only a meagre loin-cloth which consisted of no more
    than a tiny triangle of fabric at the front, and a mere thong parting her
    buttocks, joined around her loins by a simple string. Her wrists had been
    tied behind her back, her elbows cinched tightly together by another length
    of rope, and when the guards threw her forward into the sand, her face hit
    the dirt. Deprived of the use of her hands, Breaca struggled awkwardly to
    her knees and turned her head, and for an instant her green eyes met Taleena's,
    but there was no reproach in them, only wild defiance   
 Still, Taleena was consumed by feelings of guilt as she watched the mistreatment
  of her brave companion. She berated herself for not having sent Breaca away
  when the good-hearted Celt had offered to help her. But the pain from her flogging
  had been so dreadful that she had not had the heart or the will to turn her
  away. And who would have believed that such a harmless act of mercy could have
  led to a public humiliation such as the one to which Breaca was now being subjected.
  Who, for that matter, would have dreamed that Byrria could ever have learned
  of their mutual transgression? As Taleena looked at the grotesque lattice-work
  of old whip-scars that criss-crossed Breaca's bare back, the mere thought that
  that fair skin might be ripped anew by the whip almost turned her stomach. 
 &quot;All of you witnessed the Gaul's punishment two days ago,&quot; Byrria
  went on, now addressing the entire audience, but pointing at Taleena who was
  trembling with considerable trepidation. &quot;All of you heard me say that
  her wounds were not to be treated! But obviously there are some here who have
  decided to challenge my authority!&quot; 
 Byrria's breasts rose and fell as her dark eyes glared intently at the recruits.
  She gave Taleena a withering glance before looking coldly down at the prostrate
  gladiatrix at her feet. &quot;Ignorance of the rules is one thing, but deliberate
  interference with a punishment ordained by those whom Flavius Autronius has
  endowed with authority is inexcusable! She glanced toward Calixtus, who was
  standing to one size looking down at his fallen fighter with a pained expression.
  For being chief-instructor it was his responsibility to announce her sentence. 
 &quot;For attempting to interfere with an ordained punishment, the offender
  shall be put on display for the duration of one training day,&quot; the barrel-chested lanista boomed
  authoritatively, but Taleena thought that she detected a tremor of uncertainty
  in his voice. For as best she could remember Byrria had only proscribed treatment
  at the infirmary. But she had been so ravaged with pain at the time of Byrria's
  ruling that she could not be sure, even now, of exactly what Byrria had said. 
 &quot;You heard the chief-instructor! Put the Briton on display!&quot; the
  wild-eyed lanista ordered as she turned toward the guards who had thrown
  Breaca to the ground. Byrria placed her feet squarely in front of Taleena and
  glared at her as she continued. &quot;Her punishment will serve as a lesson
  to any others who might dare to defy the will of Flavius Autronius!&quot; 
 Taleena met Byrria's stony gaze with growing outrage, but she recognized
  that her nemesis had been clever in suggesting that Breaca's infraction had
  been an offence against Flavius himself, rather than merely a violation of
  her own heartless dictum. What, she wondered, did it mean to be put &quot;on
  display&quot;? And how could Byrria have gotten wind of the forbidden medical
  treatment at all? Had she seen Breaca leaving her cell? Or had someone betrayed
  them? Taleena's mind was filled with unresolved questions, but the second stage
  of Breaca's ordeal had seized her attention before the answers were forthcoming. 
&quot;On your feet!&quot; one of the guard barked at the prostrate gladiatrix,
  and when he spoke, Taleena recognized the high voice, and the scales fell from
  her eyes. Rutilius! Taleena remembered with a shudder how Breaca had upbraided
  the young bully when she had interrupted his assault on Taleena. Neither woman
  had dreamed that the craven pervert would have dared to expose himself to the
  reproach of having loitered in the recruits' quarters, but somehow the disgusting
  youth had found a way to accuse them without attaching blame to himself. And
  now the despicable guard would have the opportunity to make the woman who had
  disparaged him pay dearly for her insults! 
&quot;Pick up the beam!&quot; Rutilius ordered the near-naked Celt, after
  having used his sword to cut her bonds, and the sadistic glee in his eyes boded
  ill for the ginger-haired delinquent. During the previous punishments, including
  Taleena's, Rutilius had been a mere henchman, while the two lanistae had
  carried out the floggings; but today he seemed to have been charged with the
  execution of Breaca's castigation himself, and he was clearly excited by the
  prospect. Enjoying his moment on center stage to the fullest, the pock-faced
  youth licked his lips in anticipation of his moment of triumph.  
 Breaca glared contemptuously at the surly young guard, but when he drove
  the hob-nailed sole of his leather caliga into her upper thigh to urge
  her on, she grimaced in pain and pulled herself up on her hands and knees before
  rising slowly to her feet. She took a deep breath and bent down to seize the
  thorn-bristling cross-piece by the nails projecting from its ends. Straightening
  her legs, the bare-breasted Briton lifted the beam off the ground, holding
  it at the level of her loins, striving to keep the fiendish thorns away from
  her well-toned thighs. Then she jerked up the log and lunged forward, thus
  heaving her dreadful load over her head like a weightlifter, before bringing
  her bare feet together to improve her balance. 
 Following her friend's efforts out of the corner of her eye, Taleena was
  quite impressed by the manner in which the brave Celt had managed to pick up
  her load without being cut by the thorns, but she was also well aware that
  Breaca's momentary success had left Rutilius highly unsatisfied.  
 As Breaca struggled to hold the thorn-beam aloft, the muscles in her limbs
  straining under her burden, and Taleena noticed a pattern of red blotches that
  marred the pale perfection of her pink-crested mounds. Rutilius &ndash; or
  perhaps both guards &ndash; had clearly taken indecent liberties with their
  full-breasted prisoner in the staff building before dragging her into public
  view. Shuddering with disgust Taleena could only take comfort in the fact that
  Byrria was not armed with her dreadful whip. But then she noticed that Rutilius
  was carrying an ominous thorn-bearing pole about the length and girth of a
  man's arm&hellip;  
 Rutilius's shifty eyes lingered on Breaca's nudity for a few moments, obviously
  enjoying subjugating the ginger-haired Celt in such degrading fashion. But
  then, with a business-like &quot;Let's go!&quot; Rutilius prodded the delinquent
  forward, toward the center of the arena, and a gasp from the lined-up onlookers
  announced the entry of the near-naked Celt into their field of vision.  
 The male recruits gazed at the gladiatrix' tempting figure, noticing the
  scars on her supple back, and an awed gasp revealed what most of them thought
  about this sacrilege to beauty. Breaca's raised arms gave her muscles an attractive
  definition, while her slim waist almost belied her full, gently curving hips,
  which broadened into a pair of sensuously-contoured, milky-white buttocks which
  jiggled most salaciously with each trudging step.  
 There had been some fidgeting in the ranks of the fighters when Calixtus
  had announced Breaca's prospective ordeal, and out of the corner of her eye
  Taleena had noticed that Breaca's inscrutable twin, Verica, had been about
  to vent her anger at the unjust punishment of her blood-sister. But Tyra, the
  tall Nubian net-fighter who stood alongside her, had placed a firm hand on
  her Celtic comrade's shoulder to prevent her from taking some ill-considered
  action. Neither Taleena nor any of the others knew much about the other Celtic
  twin, who steadfastly avoided the company of everyone save for her sister.
  In fact none of them had ever hear Verica utter so much as a single word. But
  it was clear that if Tyra had not intervened, the ever-silent Verica would
  surely have thrown herself at the guards in an attempt to protect her sister
  from their cruelties. For had it not been Breaca's bold defense of this same
  sister that had resulted in the fifty-stroke-flogging that had left her back
  scarred for life? 
 His lecherous eyes fixed on Breaca's thong-split buttocks, a leering Rutilius
  gave Breaca another unnecessary prod in the back. The Celtic beauty turned
  her head and gave the ill-featured guard a look that bespoke the pain and outrage
  in her soul. But Rutilius returned her glare with a contemptuous grin and jabbed
  her in the back even more rudely. Breaca stumbled forward under the fierce
  impact until the wavering weight of the crossbeam caused her to crumple under
  the heavy load.  
 Rutilius' craven attack from the rear brought another gasp of protest from
  the recruits and an angry murmur from the fighters, while Taleena turned her
  head away to avoid the sight of her comrade's fall.  Nevertheless, she
  could not help but hear the ear-piercing scream which had been torn from Breaca's
  pretty mouth, and the muffled moan from Verica who stood only a few paces to
  her left.  
 Biting her lip fearfully, Taleena forced herself to look upon the friend
  who had risked all to help her. Breaca was kneeling on the ground with her
  back to the audience. Her reflexive reaction to her fall had caused her to
  lower her hands to chest-level in order to bring the unwieldy beam under control.
  But no one in the audience could fail to wonder what havoc the lowering of
  the thorn-beam had wrought on her bare breasts. 
 &quot;Back on your feet, bitch!&quot; Rutilius snapped ruthlessly at the
  wounded gladiatrix, once more earning Taleena's withering contempt. 
Breaca groaned in misery as she heaved the thorny cross-piece up again, wincing
  as the strenuous motion lifted her tortured breasts higher upon her chest.
  Her nipples, chilled to taut raspberries by the crisp morning air, jiggled
  enticingly as she struggled back to her feet. Rutilius continued to prod her
  with the thorn-club, more teasingly than forcefully, until the small procession
  reached the very center of the arena. &quot;That's better. Now that you're
  out here where everyone can see you,&quot; he muttered, &quot;you can get back
  on your knees, bitch,&quot; Rutilius smirked, brandishing his menacing thorn-club
  as if he were an animal trainer at the Circus Maximus.  
The place of Breaca's shameful exhibition was some twenty yards away from
  the lined of onlookers and at right angles to them, so that they were treated
  to the sight of the kneeling, near-naked body of the ginger-haired Celt in
  magnificent profile. Taleena shivered empathetically at the sight of her courageous
  comrade. Though she could not be sure from such a distance, she was almost
  certain that she could make out tiny droplets of blood dripping from Breaca's
  bare breasts as she held her arms bravely aloft, balancing her cruel burden
  over her head.  
XXII.   
F  rom his vantage point up on the balcony, Flavius
  had a most enviable position for viewing the dreadful discipline being visited
  upon the Celtic beauty. The athletic young redhead knelt facing him, her voluptuous
  body held ramrod straight, her watery green eyes staring indifferently in his
  direction, her lovely face a graven image of defiance as she fought valiantly
  to stave off disaster. Blood oozed from the wounds where the thorns had speared
  the proffered gentleness of her breasts. The thin red rivulets contrasted cruelly
  with the paleness of her flesh, as they faithfully followed the well-toned
  contours of her nude torso.  
 While hardly insusceptible to the dark erotic quality of the scene before
  him, Flavius' anger at the bloody sight in the courtyard exceeded his arousal.
  This was punishment for the sake of punishment, even though Byrria had tried
  to give it the aegis of his authority. He was not averse to meting out discipline,
  even harsh discipline, as his speech before the cross had made clear. But he
  could not condone spiteful punishments, particularly if they threatened to
  mar the beauty of his hand-picked female fighters. Young women with the heart
  and strength and beauty to win plaudits in the arena were not easy to find.
  And abusing their valuable bodies purely out of spite or malice was as foolish
  as throwing sesterces into the Roman Sea. He had warned Rutilius about exceeding
  his authority once before, and he intended to let him know in no uncertain
  terms that merchandise as fine as Breaca was not to be damaged so heedlessly.
  Another such stunt and he would send the presumptuous young guard packing! 
,   
 The scene that had just happened down in the yard had not been the first
  time that the lad had made a bad impression, though. Flavius had never liked
  the voyeuristic pleasure with which Sejanus' prot&eacute;g&eacute; had constantly
  ogled the female trainees. There was nothing wrong, of course, with eyeing
  a scantily-clad woman with the virile interest one would expect in any guy's
  guy. But to give short shrift to one's duties in order to skulk around and
  spy on the young beauties from secret hiding places &ndash; this was disgraceful. And
  there was a cowardice and falseness about the lad's attitude which Flavius
  found difficult to stomach.   
 Calixtus had told him a graphic tale about how he had caught Rutilius preying
  on the Baetican girl after her first flogging. A grim smile played around Flavius'
  mouth when he recalled the scene Calixtus had depicted so colourfully, using
  his entire arsenal of army invectives &ndash; how he had grabbed the young
  man by the groin, through the folds of his tunic, giving the squeaking, choking
  youth a piece of his mind. Flavius could well imagine the grim ex-centurion
  shouting the young man down like a callow army recruit; but Calixtus' little
  show, as impressive as it might have been on the young man's testicles, had
  apparently not been deterrent enough to keep the lad away from the girl-recruits'
  quarters.  
 Flavius cursed under his breath, regretting the day that he had taken Rutilius
  into his employ. He had only done so to win favour with Sejanus, who numbered
  Rutilius' father among his more important clients. And although the future
  Praetorian Prefect didn't care about the lad's progress anymore, it might be
  a good thing to show that the old quid pro quo routine was still observed on
  Flavius' side.  
 Flavius had little confidence in the unlikely story which Rutilius had cooked
  up. The youth had come before him claiming that he had happened to see Breaca
  leaving the infirmary and heading stealthily for the cells, and that he had
  followed her there to see what she was up to. It was far more likely, thought
  Flavius that the voyeuristic youth had secreted himself somewhere in the cell-block
  so that he could spy on the naked Gaul as she suffered the aftermath of her
  flogging.  
 Flavius continued to stare intently at the bloodied breasts of the Celtic
  beauty down in the center of the arena, while a fitting form of retribution
  began to form in Flavius' mind, a way in which the prot&eacute;g&eacute; of
  his powerful friend would come to regret his carelessness. Yes, the malevolent
  boy-guard would pay for damaging his property&hellip;  
 Notwithstanding Rutilius' unconvincing story of how he had come to witness
  the event, there seemed but little doubt but that the Celt had indeed treated
  the Avernian's back, in spite of Byrria's pronouncement. It was a separate
  question, of course, whether Byrria's admonition had been well-considered,
  but regardless an order was an order, and it had only taken Flavius a moment
  to convince himself that Breaca's insubordination did indeed warrant some form
  of punishment. In fact, he had noticed before that she had become a little
  too smug after her recent successes in the ring, and had taken little liberties
  to which she was not entitled. It was time to take her down a peg or two. Since
  it was paramount that discipline be maintained, he had quickly agreed with
  Byrria's demand that Breaca be punished for her rather insignificant offence.  
 But it was only after their passionate bout of love-making on the prior
  evening that Flavius, in a moment of weakness, had consented to Byrria's request
  to consider subjecting Breaca to the terrible ordeal which now confronted her.
  When he had met with his lanistae at dawn to render his final decision,
  Calixtus had pointed out that no woman at the Ludus Flavianus had ever
  been subjected to the torment in question. But a bristling Byrria had contemptuously
  dismissed that argument out of hand. Were not, she had argued, the women to
  compete with the men in every respect, just as they would one day have to do
  in the ring? 
 In the end Flavius had consented somewhat reluctantly. But whether the punishment
  was justified or not, he was also well aware that the other fighters were growing
  more and more restive at Byrria's cruelty. If he didn't want to run the risk
  of a mutiny, he would have to convince his vindictive Thracian tigress to forswear
  the enmities she harboured for his other female squad-members. And if she were
  still not willing to listen to reason&hellip; Flavius smiled grimly to himself
  as he thought how ironic it would be if the day were to come when Byrria's
  own punitive methods would be used against her&hellip; 
* * *  
 Down in the yard, the preliminaries for putting Breaca on display had been
  completed, and Taleena, like the rest of the spectators, could now see the
  full extent of the Celt's misery.  
 Flavius had dubbed this dreadful punishment the &quot;Thorns of Atlas&quot; long
  ago, in reference to the unfaithful Titan who had been condemned to support
  the vault of heaven on his shoulders. Having seen the deterrent effect this
  degrading form of display had on miscreants and spectators alike during his
  own days at a gladiatorial school, he had decided to incorporate this most
  rigorous form of punishment into the disciplinary practices of the Ludus
  Flavianus.  
The slender thorn-bristling pole which Rutilius
    had used as a prod had been placed in the hollows of the delinquent's knees,
    and even if the weight of the wood was not enough to cause the thorns to
    pierce her taut skin, the sharp spines would prevent the kneeling woman from
    relaxing back on her haunches, thus forcing her knees to bear her entire
    weight as well as the weight of the beam. Breaca's wrists had been tied to
    the outer ends of the cross-piece, and the broken shafts of four spears had
    been rammed into the ground such that their sharp heads were only a hand's
    width from her bare midriff &ndash; two targeting her kidneys from behind,
    two aiming from the same distance at either side of her deep-etched navel.   
Taleena had watched the preparations in stomach-wrenching
    dismay, doubting that her Celtic comrade could stand an entire day of this
    hideous torture. For a woman, Breaca had unquestionable strength in her arms
    and shoulders, but just as Hercules had soon grown tired of filling in for
    Atlas, Breaca would not be able to hold the beam overhead for too long. From
    her own experience on the galley bench, Taleena knew that Breaca's muscles
    would first weaken, then cramp, and then slowly melt away as the flickering
    flames of agony licked at their strength. It was only a matter of time until
    she would have to lower the thorny beam to her shoulders for the first time &ndash; for
    the first of many times &ndash; until she could no longer hold it up at all.
    The sharp spearheads at her midsection would prevent her from bending forward
    or shifting her weight much in any direction. And thus she would be forced
    to kneel upright and stiff for endless hours, poising her dreadful load on
    her tortured shoulders until her sentence would be completed.   
 Taleena had been so transfixed by the sight of Breaca's awful plight that
  she didn't realize that the Thracian had sidled up to her until Byrria whispered
  to her sibilantly. &quot;If I had had my way, you'd be kneeling out there alongside
  your obstinate friend!&quot; The raven-haired lanista gave Taleena a
  menacing smile and slid around behind her and proceeded to draw a sharp fingernail
  down the length of Taleena's back, across the many still-fresh striations,
  while Taleena gritted her teeth and turned her face away to hide her pain. 
 &quot;So how does it feel, Gaul,&quot; Byrria hissed, &quot;to watch your
  friend suffer, knowing that you are the cause of her misery?&quot; The Thracian
  Tigress grabbed a handful of Taleena's blonde hair, forcing her to look at
  her thorn-ravaged friend. &quot;Look at her, Gaul! Do you see how her lovely
  body trembles under the strain? And this is only the beginning; the beginning
  of a day that she will think will have no end. Watch her, Gaul, watch her closely.
  For soon you will have need of her courage!&quot;  
* * *  
   When the finishing touches
  had been put to Breaca's positioning, an awed silence fell over the yard, for
  every person in the yard remembered Calixtus' words that the Celt was to be
  left on display for the duration of an entire training day. All eyes were riveted
  on the nearly-naked miscreant who knelt so forlornly in the middle of the yard.
  An imaginative onlooker might well have detected a grotesque resemblance between
  Breaca's well-sculpted body and the statue of a female Atlas.  
 But the two lanistae proceeded immediately with the daily routine,
  leaving the other recruits little time to concern themselves with Breaca's
  fate. At the command of Calixtus, the trainees were ordered to hoist the beams
  which had been laid out in front of them, while the senior fighters were sent
  to the far side of the arena to resume their daily sword practice. As Taleena
  tried to shoulder her beam, she was forced to admire the strength and skill
  which Breaca had shown in lifting her cross-piece, since it was only with some
  difficulty that she managed to slide her own slender body under the crossbeam
  that had been designated as hers. .  
She started down the track, as did her comrades, but none of them had proceeded
  much further than a hundred yards, when Calixtus abruptly signalled for them
  to stop in front of the bath house. The recruits fell to their knees as directed,
  facing a brisk morning breeze, and Taleena and the others tried to guess at
  the reason for this unexpected interruption. 
And then, as a sudden gust of wind caused her to shiver with cold and apprehension,
  Taleena understood. A number of the compound's attendants were making their
  way out of the bathhouse &ndash; each of them carrying two wooden pails filled
  with water.  
Taleena had long wondered why heavy nails had been driven into each end of
  the beams that she and the other recruits carried. But now the purpose of the
  nails became starkly, dreadfully clear. The attendants slipped the rope handles
  of the water pails over the nails by which the recruits held the beams, thus
  adding considerable weight to each candidate's burden.  
Byrria looked down at the crouching blonde whose shoulders were bent low
  under her yoke, and with a malicious glint in her eyes she studied the welts
  which traversed the smooth, well-toned planes of Taleena's back as if they
  were a scarlet-lettered dedication which she had etched in the taut parchment
  of the blonde's fair skin.  
&quot;The Celt has done a fine job tending to your back, Gaul,&quot; the
  dark-eyed instructress began in a voice dripping with scorn. &quot;You must
  take care that you do not thwart all of her labours.&quot; Byrria reached down
  to undo the ribbon that held the strophium  in place around
  Taleena's chest. &quot;We wouldn't want this cloth to chafe your welts, would
  we?&quot;  
Taleena flinched at the Thracian's words, finding her false compassion even
  more repellent than her customary sneer. Byrria had stated that she would make
  her suffer, but that she was about to thwart even this tiny mitigation of her
  ordeal was a particularly refined cruelty. The few training hours Taleena had
  spent without breast-support had proved that its absence would add greatly
  to the rigours of the day, and the fear of that eventuality had induced her
  to wear the breast-cloth despite the discomfort it caused her back.  
With a sudden jerk, Byrria ripped away the flimsy garment, and Taleena bit
  her lip as she felt a cool gust of wind against her body, washing over her
  pendulous breasts and teasing the half-turgid nipples which were already stiffening
  in the morning air. 
&quot;Get up!&quot; Byrria snapped at the half-naked
    recruit, and Taleena attempted to straighten her back. She had been dreading
    the moment that she would have to rise, and she had judged correctly that
    the weight of the water that she was bound to carry was nearly half of her
    own weight. She gasped from the strain, but try though she might, she could
    not rise; the water-weighted pails pinned her to the ground as securely as
    millstones.   
&quot;Stand her up !&quot; Byrria ordered the two attendants who had brought
  the pails, &quot;we can't wait all day until our Gallic princess deigns to
  rise,&quot; and with their aid Taleena finally managed to struggle to her feet.
  When they left her to bear the weight herself, her knees almost buckled under
  the oppressive weight of her burden, and she had to widen her stance twice
  to keep her balance. But when the swaying pails at either end of the yoke had
  steadied, she stood, the delicate wings of her nostrils flaring as she panted
  for breath. 
Byrria smiled as she watched the blonde recruit struggle to stand upright,
  and her malevolent gaze came to rest on Taleena's heaving breasts. Her yoke-bearing
  posture lifted the arrogant mounds into even bolder prominence, and the nipples
  which protruded pertly from crinkled aureoles seemed to shiver in the cool
  breeze.  
&quot;So this is the one who was going to make me rue the day I 'killed'
  that useless Spaniard!&quot; the Thracian sneered in a mocking voice. &quot;Well,
  first of all it's not my fault that the weakling died &ndash; you and your
  trouble-making Celtic friend survived far worse floggings, did you not? You
  are the one, Gaul, who will come to rue the day you dared to confront me!&quot;  
Byrria smiled maliciously, enjoying the look of dismay in Taleena's blue
  eyes as they followed her right hand as it reached for the crop that hung from
  her belt. &quot;Do you remember my promise that one day you'd want to barter
  your fate for that of the Spaniard?&quot; The crop had come free now, and Byrria
  placed its biting tip against Taleena's cheek. &quot;Well, today will be that
  day! Before the day is done, Gaul, you'll be begging me to put an end to your
  misery!&quot; 
&quot;Never!&quot; The flaxen-haired Avernian spat out defiantly, more in
  an effort to reassure herself than to contradict the spiteful lanista.
  Taleena felt her eyes filling with tears at the helplessness of her situation.,
  but strove not to give the Thracian Fury the satisfaction of seeing her weakness.
  She closed her eyes to blink back her tears, and when she opened them again
  she managed to stand up to the Thracian's steady gaze. 
&quot;Oh yes I shall,&quot; Byrria continued, amused by Taleena's outburst. &quot;Don't
  misunderstand, Gaul &ndash; I quite enjoy your persistence! I find it much
  more &hellip; amusing if you don't give in too quickly.&quot; She let the tip
  of the stiff leather crop slide across Taleena's cheek, down her elegant neck
  and then along the corded, concave hollow of the yoke-bearer's armpit, pressing
  against the tender edge of the welt which was imprinted there. &quot;I think
  I may even spare your back today,&quot; she mused with a wicked smile as she
  brought the flat-tipped end of the crop to the side of Taleena's chest. &quot;After
  all there are two sides to every coin!&quot;  
Taleena grimaced in pain and set her teeth against her underlip while Byrria
  traced the lofty contours of her slightly flattened breasts with her crop,
  poking the soft flesh until the springy instrument began to bow slightly when
  it met with resilient resistance.  
Taleena turned her head as much as her burden allowed, to escape the Thracian's
  scornful glance, only to see Rutilius hovering over the kneeling Breaca near
  the centre of the yard. Taleena saw his lips move and had little doubt that
  he was taunting the defenceless sufferer as she struggled with her thorny load.
  But as if the young bully had sensed Taleena's eyes on him, he raised his head
  and looked in her direction, and an evil smile lit his pock-marked face as
  he saw the Avernian recruit in the claws of the Thracian tigress. 
&quot;Let's go!&quot; Calixtus shouted to his
    crew of water-bearers and the enforced  aquarii   struggled
    to fall into formation. Taleena breathed a sigh of relief that the head  lanista's   business-like
    manner had spared her, for the moment, from the Thracian. But as glad as
    she was to escape Byrria's vile caresses, her heart sank when Calixtus announced
    the goal for the day. &quot;Ten laps!&quot; the bald ex-centurion barked
    at the recruits. &quot;Complete them as quickly as you can, but mark these
    words well: Anyone who spills more than half of the contents of his pails
    is ripe for a demerit!&quot;   
&quot;What are you waiting for, Gaul?&quot; Byrria fumed, as she snapped
  the tip of the crop against the side of Taleena's breast. &quot;You heard Calixtus!
  Ten laps!&quot; 
Ten laps! Taleena thought with dismay as she
    fought off the sting of the crop. A single lap bearing such a back-breaking
    load would be a daunting task, even if she were in peak condition. With her
    whip-torn back, the chances of fulfilling the issued quota seemed no greater
    than the chance of frogs raining from the sky.   
The bare-breasted recruit took a tentative step forward, torn between the
  urge to walk quickly as Calixtus had ordered, and the need to refrain from
  spilling any water. Her dreadful burden weighed so heavily on her slender frame
  that she could barely lift her feet, which, as always, were hobbled by the
  ever-present ankle-weights. With each laborious step she felt the edges of
  the finely-ground cinders dig into the soles of her bare feet, but as much
  as she did her best to quicken her pace, it was next to impossible.  
As she trudged slowly along, labouring under her immense load, Taleena was
  reminded of the horrific story Breaca had told her about her own Calvary. How
  she had been burdened with a heavy cross-piece, so that her arms and shoulders
  were lifted high, leaving the planes and valleys of her smooth back utterly
  defenceless while the wild-eyed, whip-wielding Thracian had marched her around
  the track. At least, thought Taleena, it didn't appear that she would be flogged
  at every step as Breaca had been. But this small blessing was a frail reed
  to lean on, since her back had already been shredded by the lash. And the pail-weighted patibulum pressed
  so relentlessly down on her shoulders that it was only a question of time until
  it would wear her down. 
* * *  
It didn't take the six men behind Taleena very long to pass the struggling
  blonde, since they had picked up a slow jog at the cost of spilling some water.
  Arminius was the first to pass her, followed by Bovarius and the Numidians.
  As she watched the small party of men increase their lead over her, Taleena
  became fully aware of how inferior she was to the men in regard to physical
  strength. She had always been conscious of that fact but never had her weakness
  seemed more blatantly apparent than today.  
 A pang of compassion surged through her, as thoughts of Selia filled her
  mind. She was beginning, now, to understand the despair that had haunted the
  Iberian's pretty face. For Selia had surely known that she was by far the weakest,
  and that she would always be first in line for the cruel discipline meted out
  to those the Fates had doomed to fail. When Selia had been alive, Taleena had
  always been able to feel superior to at least one of her comrades. But now
  that the poor sad-eyed girl had crossed the dark river, she, Taleena, was the
  weakest link in the chain of fighting slaves at the Ludus Flavianus.  
The clouds had darkened even more, and a fine drizzle had set in, coating
  her body with a fine sheen of moisture that, if nothing else, had a cooling
  effect on her feverish system. Her lungs were burning with her panting efforts,
  her breasts aching, and her legs screamed silently for rest. She had never
  realized before how vital the gluteal muscles were for walking, but today she
  felt Byrria's final flesh-searing butt-slash with her every step.  
The dilatory pace of her march caused the pails to sway and jerk at the beam,
  and when Taleena had finished her first lap, the beam had slid alarmingly down
  from its original position. The welts on her back throbbed intensely where
  the splintered wood rubbed against her sore skin, stretching the weals which
  were the livid legacy of the Thracian's lash. 
 Just then Taleena noticed that she had come again around the turn closest
  to the guardhouse, and this time she spotted Rutilius waiting for her alongside
  the track. 'Oh no!' she prayed fervently. 'Dear gods, if I have to fall, please
  don't let me fall down in front of this bastard!' But once more her pleas were
  to fall on deaf ears. Taleena howled in outrage as she heaved the beam back
  upon her aching shoulders, and almost overbalanced when her newly centred load
  forced her to bend forward. The pails were swaying dangerously as she straightened
  up again, and some water spilled over the rims as she struggled to keep her
  footing. But her left foot came down in a little hollow in the track, and she
  felt her ankle turn in the depression. Taleena cried out in pain and pitched
  forward, falling to her knees. 
&quot;You'd better watch your step, Gaul,&quot; Rutilius sneered with feigned concern.
  His beady eyes probed the luscious front of Taleena's body hungrily as the
  kneeling blonde fought to regain possession of her teetering burden.  
&quot;What a pretty little pack animal you are!&quot; Rutilius scoffed. &quot;So
  pretty, and yet too weak to carry a mere pair of pails! Maybe a few strokes
  of the whip would help you pick up the pace!&quot; The young guard's eyes lingered
  on the crimson pattern on Taleena's back, and it seemed to her that he was
  reliving the strokes that had left her so utterly degraded. Byrria's whip had
  stripped her of her strength if not her pride, but how humiliating it was to
  endure the scorn of this despicable youth&hellip;  
&quot;Nice pair of jugs you've got there,&quot; Rutilius continued his spiteful
  mockery, pretending to refer to the buckets that swayed gently beneath her
  shoulder-yoke. &quot;I like the way they jiggle when you move.&quot; Smiling
  lewdly at his obscene jibe he crossed his arms over his chest imperiously. &quot;I
  can hardly wait to get my hands back on them,&quot; Rutilius taunted the kneeling
  recruit as his eyes roamed maraudingly over her bare breasts. The position
  of the yoke, which had again slid halfway down her shoulders, caused her to
  arch her back in a most provocative manner, and the light drizzle had covered
  Taleena's creamy skin with a moist sheen which gave her statuesque torso a
  most enticing gloss. Rutilius vividly remembered the touch and taste of those
  pink-crested mounds, so sublimely soft and yet so youthfully firm, and the
  sight of the pouting nipples that he had teased to such unwilling erectness
  drew a grunt of pleasure from his lips. 
 Taleena had to grit her teeth to keep from swinging the beam at Rutilius.
  She thought of her fervent vow to kill the filthy bastard for what he had done
  to her &ndash; a vow which seemed ludicrous given her present predicament.
  To find herself helplessly exposed to the jackal's cruel mockery made her livid
  with rage, but a small fraction of her consciousness kept in mind Breaca's
  advice not to let anger or hatred take the place of reason. And Taleena knew
  that she was well advised not to fall for Rutilius' provocations, since it
  would only play into his hands if she tried to attack him.  
&quot;You'll need to turn to Byrria for help then if you try to take me on,&quot; she
  muttered contemptuously, but was cut short by the need to re-balance the pail-weighted
  cross-piece when it began to slip to one side. &quot;Were it not for her, boy,
  you'd rather be wetting your loin-cloth than coming the strong man!&quot; she
  spat out between gasps as her angry blue
  eyes fired daggers at the leering youth  . 
Rutilius flushed angrily at this insult
    and took a half step forward, clenching his fist as if intent on attacking
    the kneeling recruit,  when he noticed that Flavius Autronius was
    glaring at him sternly from the balcony. The young guard stopped in his tracks
    and lowered his hand while Taleena gave silent thanks to whichever god had
    turned Flavius' eyes toward her at that moment.  
&quot;I thought the whip had cured you of your attitude, galley whore,&quot; he
  cursed under his breath. &quot;But I'll see to it that Byrria teaches you another
  lesson at the post at the end of this week.&quot; His cruel smile broadened
  as he whispered salaciously, &quot;You know, I can still hear you whimpering
  under the lash. But don't you worry, I'll be right there to comfort you when
  the Thracian is through with you. And this time, whore, no big-mouthed Celtic
  bitch is going to stop me!&quot;  
 Taleena kept glaring at the spiteful guard, but her anger seemed to make
  her burden somehow lighter as she shouldered it into place. She dragged her
  reluctant right leg forward across the gritty cinder, and then pushed with
  all her might, the effort contorting her beautiful face. She groaned miserably,
  urging the exhausted muscles in her slender legs to straighten up. 
 &quot;There will be another time, Blondie,&quot; Rutilius hissed as he watched
  the teetering beam, and laughed crudely at the way Taleena's exposed breasts
  quivered from the strain. &quot;The red-head is getting hers today, and it
  won't be long until it's your turn,&quot; he spat out before turning and stalking
  off, the very pock-marks on his face contorted with rage about the lost opportunity. 
 It took every ounce of Taleena's strength and every fibre of muscle in her
  straining back, arms, legs and shoulders to start anew, but finally she was
  on the move again, slowly putting further distance between herself and the
  malevolent boy-guard. She slowly approached the fighters' training area, and
  while Tyra and even the sinister-looking Hamilkar seemed to be sympathetic
  to the pitiful struggles of the sorely-tried recruit, Verica shot Taleena a
  fierce glance, as if blaming her for her sister's plight. 
By the time Taleena managed to stagger past the finish line for the second
  time, her knees were wobbling uncontrollably, but once again she forced her
  body to rebel against the looming loss of vigour. Even so, when she passed
  the front of the balcony from which Flavius watched her helpless struggles,
  she was outstripped by the leading men &ndash; first by the giant Arminius,
  of course, then by the boorish Bovarius, whose ox-like build was well-suited
  to a competition where physical strength was at a premium. The bitter sense
  of being outclassed so thoroughly led Taleena to the fateful attempt to lengthen
  her stride in order to keep pace.  
But this only caused her weary legs to give out completely, and she crashed
  heavily to her knees. The crushing force of the cross-piece bent her forward,
  and she instinctively turned her face inward to keep from striking the rain-dampened
  ground face-first. Lying prone in the moist sand in a cruciform position, pinned
  down by her cross-piece, she saw the left of the twin pails overturned on the
  ground. She clawed for it desperately, hoping to right it, but could not. She
  watched its contents trickle away from her, carrying with them her waning hopes
  of finishing the run within the handicap.  
As she lay there, feeling the pressure of the heavy yoke on the nape o her
  neck, one side of her face pressed into the damp ground, Taleena's eyes were
  turned toward the centre of the arena, where Breaca knelt in abject misery.
  She saw her friend struggling under her own dreadful load, trying to keep the
  fiendish flesh-piercing thorns away from her shoulders, knowing that she was
  fighting a hopeless battle.  
 Taleena was soon was passed by the other Germans and then the dark-skinned
  Numidians, and with each passer-by her resignation edged closer to utter despair.
  She knew that she had already garnered today's demerit &ndash; so what was
  the point in struggling on? Byrria might taunt her and prod her and lash her,
  but eventually even the Thracian Fury would come to the realization that she
  simply could take no more.  
But then it struck her that this was what Byrria wanted her to do &ndash; she
  wanted her to quit, to give in to the brutal treatment, to concede defeat.
  That realization stirred Taleena as nothing else would have, and a strong wave
  of defiance rose up within her. She remembered Breaca's plea: 'Whatever Byrria
  may do to you, promise me that you will not falter!' When she had said those
  words the Celt could not have known that she herself would soon suffer Byrria's
  wrath. Breaca had risked all to help her, and Taleena felt honour bound to
  live up to her comrade's exhortations. For was not Breaca's task of bearing
  the dreadful Thorns of Atlas, even more horrible and hopeless than her own?
  If she surrendered now, Breaca's selfless sacrifice would be stripped of all
  meaning.  
XXIII. 
Flavius pulled his cloak tighter around his shoulders as
  agitated gusts of wind swirled around the balcony, blanketing his face with
  a fine drizzle. The weather god was always capricious in April, but the play
  of the elements didn't bother the master of the Ludus Flavianus  as
  he let his eyes wander over his estate. This land, the imposing villa, its
  extensive outbuildings and the luxurious bathhouse formed his very own little
empire  and the cinder-track enclosed arena was its core. 
His household consisted of more than sixty people, among them attendants and
  slaves who might well be considered his subjects, and he liked to think of
  his gladiatorial squad as his personal Praetorian Guard. Watching his fighters
  exercise never failed to remind Flavius of his roots, and he was proud that
  his prot&eacute;g&eacute;s carried on their master's former profession so gloriously,
  bringing in rich purses and, in their wake, pride and prestige to the name
  Autronius and the Flavian School . 
Many of them had yet to prove that they were profitable long-term investments,
  but some had already brought in far more than their acquisition and training
  had cost him. First among them was Byrria, of course, his Thracian tigress,
  whose skills in the ring were in no way inferior to her unrivalled talents
  in the bedchamber. It was thanks to her, after all, that his female fighters
  were regarded as more than a dubious fairground attraction. Then there was
  Hamilkar, the tall Phoenician, who was one of the few living centenni   gladiators
  who, like Flavius himself, had won more than one hundred fights. The Phoenician's
  star had just begun to rise when Flavius had retired from his active career
  in the ring, and it had cost two thirds of the prize money he had set aside
  to buy Hamilkar out of his contract so that he could start his own school.
  But now, after years of climbing the ladder of fame, each fight of this undefeated
  champion earned his manager a small fortune. Last but not least, the costly
  purchase of the comely Celtic twin sisters, whose second victorious season
  had established them as one of Rome 's most popular fighting attractions, was
  beginning to pay off nicely. 
The thought of the two ravishing redheads brought Flavius' wandering mind
  back to the harsh reality of his arena. He glanced down at the all-but-nude
  Breaca, and as he watched the drizzle-drenched delinquent kneel forlornly in
  the middle of the windswept yard, buckling under her dreadful load, the stern
  master of the Ludus Flavianus  began to have misgivings for having
  surrendered to Byrria's powers of persuasion and agreeing to such a punishment. 
Of the twins, it had been the lively Breaca, rather than her sullen sister
  Verica, who had first incurred Byrria's jealousy when the handsome twosome
  had arrived at the arena two years ago. Having a fine sense for the strengths
  and weaknesses of her charges, it had not taken the Thracian tigress long to
  discover Breaca's Achilles heel  her tendency to be over-protective of her
  less assertive, but no less beautiful sister. And when Breaca herself had remained
  stoically indifferent to every attempt to provoke her, Byrria had cunningly
  adopted the stratagem of harassing Verica in order to goad Breaca into losing
  her temper. 
Eventually, Byrria's strategy had paid off. One wintry afternoon, at the end
  of an arduous training session, the Thracian tigress had not dismissed the
  weary Verica along with the other recruits. Instead she had singled out the
  hapless trainee and ordered her to re-attempt the difficult obstacle course
  which she had failed earlier that day, and to continue to attack it until she
  had completed it without a single slip. Time and again Verica had done her
  best to master the parcours which had humbled the swiftest and strongest of
  men, but her ever-mounting fatigue insured that each attempt was less successful
  than its predecessor. Byrria had stalked her the entire length of the course,
  rewarding her every misstep with a flesh-searing slash of her crop. Finally,
  following a withering series of lashes which had bloodied her sister's back,
  Breaca could not stomach the abuse anymore and she had thrown herself at the
  callous lanista , knocking the Thracian to the ground and clubbing
  her with her fists until she was overpowered by a couple of guards. 
The quick-tempered twin had just been lashed to the cross for attacking her
  trainer when Flavius had intervened. Acts such as striking a trainer could
  never be tolerated, but Flavius had had no intention of sacrificing one half
  of the most glorious pair of twins since Castor and Pollux to a too-strict
  interpretation of his own rules. But commuting the fiery redhead's sentence
  to fifty lashes had only served to kindle Byrria's penchant for the dramatic.
  As a reminder that the rebellious recruit had been spared crucifixion, the
  Thracian had ordered her to carry a cross-piece, identical, except for the
  thorns, to the massive beam Breaca was balancing on her shoulders right now.
  Byrria had paraded the proud redhead around the compound twice, flogging her
  every faltering footstep, until Breaca had collapsed under the weight of the
  cross-piece and the force of the whip, halfway through her second circuit of
  the compound. But even then her torment did not end, for the whip-wielding
  Thracian forced Breaca to continue her dreadful Calvary on all fours, while
  Verica was ordered to shoulder her sister's yoke and trudge along behind her.
  Three times the lacerating lashes had driven Breaca face first into the dirt,
  and at one point she had lapsed briefly into unconsciousness. But after a guard
  had revived her with a chilling bucket of water that rinsed the rivulets of
  blood from her body, Breaca had been made to finish the circuit while Byrria
  painted fresh streaks of crimson on her back 
As he had watched the conclusion of that dreadful castigation, Flavius had
  marvelled at his lanista's  mastery of the whip and wondered how she
  had come by it. With effortless ease the Thracian was able to make the supple
  leather find any part of her victim's body, delicately, fiercely, teasingly.
  Like a lyre player giving a virtuoso performance, Byrria used the whip as if
  it were a bow, eliciting ever-faster sequences of squeals and sobs and squeaks
  from Breaca's body. 
Nevertheless, Byrria's insistence on the Thorns of Atlas as a punishment for
  Breaca's recent offence indicated that the vindictive Thracian had neither
  forgotten nor forgiven the Celtic warrioress for assaulting her in front of
  the others. Musing about Byrria's unforgiving nature, Flavius' wandering gaze
  sought out the most recent object of the Thracian's wrath, as the hissing sound
  of her crop drew his attention to the gymnastics area. There the golden-haired
  Gaul, who had proven such a fetching Aquaria during the water pail-bearing
  competition just concluded, was now being made to assume the taxing splits
  position. Byrria had planted herself in front of the weary recruit, tapping
  her menacing crop impatiently against her open palm. It came as no surprise
  to Flavius that Rutilius, the spiteful young guard who had denounced both Breaca
  and Taleena, was hovering nearby, his eyes darting furtively from one nearly
  naked beauty to the other. 
'That's right! Look her over, you little bastard!' Flavius thought to himself
even as he let his own expert eye explore the lush curves of the Gaul 's body.
'The day will come when you wish you'd never laid more than eyes on my property!'
Autronius himself was positioned diagonally behind the Avernian recruit, a vantage
point which allowed him an enviable view of&nbsp;her heart-shaped bottom as she
began to extend her tawny legs across the damp ground. Flavius' breathing quickened
slightly when a flick of Byrria's crop swept sharply across the blonde beauty's
inner thigh, driving the Gaul 's bare legs even further apart, thus emphasizing
the tantalizing groove between her buttcheeks. Flavius noticed that the severe
distension of her limbs had caused a wound to re-open, and a little blood was
seeping through the white linen, marking the location of the weal beneath. For
a moment, Flavius imagined the reverberating crack Byrria's whip must have made
when the well-greased leather had landed on those drum-tight bottom ovals, and
as his eyes followed the soft indentations of Taleena's spine, he could distinguish
each individual welt the whip had left on its way across the planes of her back. &nbsp;As
Byrria placed a pair of fist-sizes stones into the recruit's outstretched hands
it occurred to Flavius that had there been an imaginative man in the yard, he
might have seen the half-naked Avernian as a desperate worshipper. For Taleena's
arms were extended prayerfully, as if she were beseeching the almighty Zeus to
recall the menacing Harpy that loomed before her in the form of the Thracian lanista .
&quot;Keep your arms up, Gaul !&quot; Byrria ordered angrily. &quot;This is
  a training camp, not an inn for weary travellers!&quot; She placed the tip
  of the crop under Taleena's left wrist to stress her demand, and let it slide
  along the Avernian's outstretched arm until it reached the corded, concave
  hollow of her armpit. &quot;I told you that I would spare your back today,&quot; Byrria
  mused with a wicked smile as she tapped the flat-tipped end of the crop against
  the outer contour of the recruit's breast, &quot;but if you lower your arms
  again !&quot; 
 &nbsp;Flavius looked on, mesmerized by the battle between these two unequal yet
unequalled beauties, this fierce contest of wills doubling as a duel for erotic
supremacy. As his eyes slowly moved from the suffering blonde to the olive-skinned
Thracian and back again, it struck him that choosing the more beautiful of these
two magnificent creatures would have been as daunting a task as the Judgment
which had confronted Paris . Pleasingly enough, Flavius was spared the trilemma
that had faced that unfortunate son of Troy, for the Fates had no doubt ordained
that awarding the Golden Apple to any of the three goddesses would have led to
disaster. Flavius, on the other hand, could assess and enjoy the two contrasting
beauties down in the yard without having to decide on one, and thereby offending
the other. &nbsp;And enjoy he did as he edged closer to the railing of the balcony
to better survey the drama unfolding below. Byrria's face was damp with precipitation,
as was her lustrous dark hair, and the blue-dyed linen of her sodden, one-shouldered
tunic clung to her curvaceous body like a second skin. Her nipples poked insistently
against the wet fabric, and beneath her short tunic, the gleaming skin of her
bronze thighs flashed brazenly with her every stride as the Harpyan beauty circled
her arm-weary victim, preparing to strike at the first sign of weakness. &nbsp;Shifting
his gaze, Flavius found that the silhouette of the bare-breasted Gaul offered
a no less enticing vision. Taleena's extended, stone-burdened arms paralleled
the line of her long, shapely legs, and the delicate curvature of her ribs protruded
in bold relief beneath her creamy skin whose glossy glaze seemed to render it
even more taut and tender. The sensuous arch of the breast that was revealed
to his view tantalized his imagination, and Flavius' fists clenched and unclenched
with nervous anticipation. His mind raced ahead to that thrilling instant when
the proud Avernian would no longer be able to keep her arms aloft, and Taleena's
soft, desperate groans only served to heighten his arousal. Every laboured breath,
every rise and fall of those pink-tipped mounds brought closer the moment when
the abandonment of the proper arm position would trigger a swift slash to those
proffered breasts &nbsp;But the certainty that the Avernian fought a losing
battle against the slow, sad descent of her leaden limbs brought Flavius no closer
to deciding the winner of the beauty contest being played out in his mind. Figuratively,
Taleena reminded Flavius of a chaste Aphrodite, beautiful and graceful like a
statuette of Phidias, but equally incapable of the animalistic passion which
was Byrria's most effective weapon. Byrria was more like Isis, the Hellenized
Egyptian goddess whose flagellatory rites most Romans found highly offensive  sultry
and smouldering, willing to use her female charms for whatever purpose suited
her. Yet, sorely tempted though he was to award the Golden Apple to the blue-clad
Isis in this very moment, Flavius Autronius could not remember ever having been
more intrigued by a woman than by this Avernian Aphrodite since his Thracian
tigress had marked the arena as her territory
* * * 
Three years earlier Flavius had begun to sense that the audiences he hoped
  to please were displaying a certain jadedness with regard to conventional gladiatorial
  spectacles. Attendance was slightly down and the lusty roars of the crowds
  lacked the passion of earlier seasons. As he was considering how to rekindle
  interest in his entertainments, Flavius had conceived the idea of presenting
  a new type of fighter  young, daring, and female. And not just female  desirably
  female. The crowds in the tiers had seen women before, but most of them had
  been over-sized Gorgons with appearances that threatened to turn the entire
  body of male onlookers to stone, rather than focussing their powers of petrifaction
  on the one organ that craved such hardening. 
It hardly took an Aristotle to conclude that there would be but little profit
  in training such ungainly warriors, but by a stroke of divine providence that
  Byrria came to be Flavius' first offering in his new venture. He had bought
  the wild-eyed Thracian, along with one of her countrymen, at a time when a
  contingent of Thracian rebels had been awaiting execution in the Carcer
  Mamertinus . In those days Sejanus had been the praetor urbanus  responsible
  for the supervision of the city's prisons, and knowing that the ambitious young
  praetor suffered from a chronic inability to live within his means, Flavius
  had offered him a substantial sum in exchange for an option to purchase any
  prisoner whom he deemed a good fighting prospect. Sejanus had countered this
  proposal with an addendum  that if the prospect did happen to become a worthy
  fighter, he would receive a percentage of the gathered prize money  a condition
  to which Flavius readily agreed. 
` The corrupt bargain had worked out well for both parties and marked the
  beginning of a mutually profitable acquaintance. For some time Byrria had been
  Flavius' sole acquisition through this channel, but within a year's time his
  deal with Sejanus had resulted in the acquisition of the comely Celtic twins
  who had so enhanced his stable of fighters. The handsome twosome remained one
  of Rome 's most popular fighting attractions, proving that Flavius' sizable
  initial outlay had indeed been money well spent. And now that Sejanus had been
  designated Praetorian Prefect, and had become a fervent epicure of female cestus -fighting,
  Flavius' connection with that dissolute young patrician who had now put his
  financial worries behind him seemed more auspicious than ever. 
At first Flavius had been a little uneasy about admitting a woman to his squad,
  especially an exotic beauty like the almond-eyed Thracian. He had feared that
  her selection would lead to dissension, or worse, among his fighters. And indeed
  Byrria's arrival had caused quite a stir; she well knew how to call attention
  to herself and to make herself attractive to trainers, guards, and recruits,
  but it was her fighting skills, which came naturally to one of her lineage,
  which ultimately won her respect. 
The Thracian people, who had for centuries occupied the strategic region between
  the Hellespont and the western banks of the Pontic Sea , believed that their
  offspring were born to fight, daughters as well as sons. For centuries Thracian
  girls had been brought up to ride and run, to wrestle and fence, unlike their
  more dainty cousins to the south and west. Having outlasted domination by Persians
  and Macedonians in earlier centuries, they were no more accepting of Roman
  ways than they had been of those of prior conquerors. 
One of the most barbaric and enduring of Thracian customs was a coming-of-age
  ritual that had to be performed by youths, male and female, at the age of twelve
  and again at sixteen. It was called anitome , meaning, 'any time,
  anywhere', and it consisted of a savage type of hand-to-hand combat. Punching,
  kicking, biting  no stratagem was too unsporting and no hold was barred in
  these violent duels. But when the dust had cleared the ritual fight  and its
  memory  formed a lasting bond between the combatants, and fuelled a fighting
  spirit among this proud and warlike people whom no victorious armies had ever
  been able to fully assimilate. Even the mighty Roman legions had come to respect
  and fear their combativeness for good reason. 
In the amphitheatres the Thracians' reputation for savagery preceded them
  into the ring, and over time their ferocity was such that they had become a
  gladiatorial class unto themselves  much like the Samnites , the retiarii ,
  and the myrmillones . Gladiators from the four corners of the empire
  modelled themselves on the Thracian warriors, equipping themselves with all
  of the accoutrements of the Thracian gladiators  the distinctive helmet, shin
  guards, shield, and the notorious sica   a long, single-edged, slightly-curved
  dagger. So menacing was this regalia that a 'Thracian' fighter, whether a native
  of the region or one of the many counterfeits, was almost invariably regarded
  as a sinister 'villain' by the multitudes in the tiers. Byrria naturally had
  capitalized on this notoriety, emphasizing her heritage, and had done well
  in conventional battles even before the vogue for cestu s-fighting
  had taken hold; she had never lost a bout in either style of fighting. 
But, as with any woman, Byrria had to surmount many obstacles before she managed
  to carve out a place for herself in a world of men. On her very first day in
  training, a young fencing master named Metellus, who had been Calixtus'
  assistant at the time, had set out to teach her a lesson in swordplay. But
  his attempt to demean the first female novice at the Ludus Flavianus  had
  backfired awkwardly when the olive-skinned warrioress had disarmed the overconfident lanista  in
  short order. But while her triumph won her the respect of her comrades, it
  earned her the undying hatred of Metellus, who felt that she had made him into
  a laughingstock in front of his charges. 
Recognizing that the Thracian was a dangerous opponent even in a sparring
  match, Metellus soon found other ways to bully the raven-haired beauty who
  had disgraced him. He harassed her mercilessly, giving her all sorts of degrading
  orders and assigning her any number of humiliating tasks in hopes of provoking
  a response that would warrant some stern discipline. He had ordered her to
  remove her training costume and perform her drills in the nude in the center
  of the yard where all could see her. At that time, and for some time to come,
  she had been the only female recruit, and her enticingly lithe body drew the
  attention of all like a moth to a flame. It had been a hot summer day and Metellus
  had drilled the ravishing recruit mercilessly under the broiling sun all afternoon,
  while the onlookers watched with undisguised pleasure as the sweat-drenched
  beauty had practiced a seemingly endless cycle of thrusts and parries. 
But when her enforced nudity failed to have the degrading effect intended
  by the ill-willed lanista , Metellus had cooked up another scheme.
  The next day, he had directed the recalcitrant recruit to wear a vest of chain
  mail without so much as an undertunic to insulate her bare skin from the woven
  ringlets of metal. The highly uncomfortable armour, which Metellus had insisted
  was for her own protection, seemed to pinch and pull at her soft skin with
  her every movement, and what was worse, the metal seemed to absorb the sun's
  heat and then distribute it to every part of her body that it touched. 
Knowing that his ordinarily nimble opponent must have felt as if she were
  wearing the incandescent armour of Helios, Metellus had protracted the sword
  exercises endlessly, hacking away at Byrria with his wooden spatha while
  she tried to fend him off. But her prolonged toil left her slow and sluggish
  and time and again her tormentor knocked the sword from her hand and, while
  she struggled to reach it, followed up with a powerful thrust to a bare thigh
  or a defenceless belly that forced the exhausted recruit to her knees in the
  sand. 
Flavius had tolerated this cruel training regimen, if only to test the mettle
  of his new acquisition in the crucible of combat, but he resolved to keep an
  eye on his ill-willed instructor, and to intercede should Metellus exceed his
  authority. During the ensuing days, Metellus invariably matched Byrria against
  the biggest and most ruthless thugs in the squad, allowing them to bully her
  unmercifully, ensuring that she took a lot of punishment even on the occasions
  when she did manage to stand her ground. Throughout this nightmare of abuse,
  Byrria had been clever enough to conceal her wrath at her tyrannical instructor.
  But near the end of the third week, her every nerve raw from prolonged stress,
  she snapped and unleashed her pent-up rage by throwing herself at a strapping
  Bithynian recruit who had dared to mock her 'Thracian cowardice'. 
This outburst, of course, was just what Metellus had bargained for, because
  Flavius had long since ordained that any brawl between the fighting personnel
  would have to be settled in 'the Pit'. The marble ring, which the fighters
  referred to as the Pit of Pain, was another measure of discipline
  that Flavius had adopted from the fighting school in which he had learned his
  trade. In the event of a brawl, the quarrellers were compelled to settle their
  differences within the boundaries of that pit, and to do battle until one or
  the other was willing to concede the triumph of the other. Later on, when Byrria
  had acceded to the post of lanista , she had conceived the idea of
  the Scythian Strap to further test the mettle of the female recruits. But her
  own experience in the Pit had been no mere training drill; it had been a brutal,
  bloody battle for satisfaction, whose ebbs and flows gladiators were to recount
  around campfires for years to come. 
No one who had witnessed the duel between Byrria and her rangy Bithynian antagonist
  had ever forgotten it. In the years since, Flavius had taken pleasure from
  every inch of Byrria's taut-muscled body and had come to know every pleasure-filled
  nuance of her wanton love-making. But the passage of time had not dulled the
  flesh-tingling arousal he felt every time he recalled the feline grace with
  which the sweat-glistening Thracian tigress had stood her ground in the marble
  ring. 
As was customary on such occasions, the pit had been prepared with finely-ground
  salt, and the two opponents had been equipped with small horsewhips which were
  lashed to their wrists lest they should lose them in the heat of battle. The
  two opponents had worn only the coarse loin-cloths of wrestlers and their bodies
  had been oiled until the sun itself paid homage to their differing but splendid
  physiques. 
The other fighters, standing shoulder to shoulder around the Pit, were enthralled
  by the sight of the dark-eyed beauty preparing to fight as bare-chested as
  her male counterpart, and her low-slung loincloth only emphasized her hourglass
  hips. From behind, the thin fold of cloth that barely covered her private parts,
  had nestled itself comfortably into the bottom-cleft, and the sight of her
  otherwise bare buttocks provoked a hail of crude catcalls . Sympathies amongst
  the audience were unevenly distributed, since most of the men hoped to see
  their swaggering brother-in-arms put this arrogant female intruder into their
  male domain in her place. But when the bare-breasted beauty stepped into the
  ring, each man sensed immediately that this was a woman who knew how to fight.
  It was evident in her posture, and in the way she held her whip, but most of
  all it was visible in her eyes. Her dark eyes glared at the Bithynian with
  a steady, powerful gaze that gave no hint of fear, but rather bespoke an almost
  unnerving confidence. 
When Calixtus had given the signal to begin the fight , raucous cheers erupted
  each time the Bithynian's whip found its mark, leaving a series of dark welts
  on the Thracian's oil-glistening skin. But the longer the fight went on, the
  more Byrria's courage won the onlookers to her cause. The fight had lasted
  over an hour, but it had taken only a fraction of that time for the welt-streaked
  Thracian to earn the epithet, 'Tigress' which she was to carry ever after.
  Asking no quarter and giving none, the two fierce opponents had punched, kicked,
  and flogged each other's bodies until the salted surface of the marble platform
  was smeared with their commingled blood. They fought until they could fight
  no more, neither giving in, but neither having the strength to continue. 
By the conclusion of the fight, Byrria's body was caked with sweat, salt,
  and blood. Lacerating lashes, flesh-raking nails, and punishing fists had all
  left their mark on her smooth olive skin which was covered with gashes, bruises,
  and welts from neck to knees. Her opponent, for all of his superior strength,
  had fared no better. A week later, the combatants had yet to fully recover
  from their injuries, but even so, no one in the Ludus Flavianus  ever
  heard Byrria complain of her wounds. Though it had come at a dear price, the
  courage and endurance Byrria had shown during the bloody duel greatly improved
  her standing among her fellow recruits who treated her with respect from that
  day forward. 
But not so Metellus. The ill-willed instructor was still haunted by the need
  to avenge his defeat at the hands of the Thracian, and he remained obsessed
  by the desire to possess her alluring body. One night, not long after the battle
  in the Pit, he treated a pair of randy guards to a rowdy evening of wine-drinking
  before coaxing them into joining him in a plot to ambush Byrria in her cell
  in the barracks basement. 
The sleeping beauty had stood no chance against the three wine-emboldened
  intruders. When Metellus tore Byrria's blanket away from her body, the three
  assailants found to their delight that the target of their foul conspiracy
  was clad in only a loose-fitting loin-cloth. One of the guards quickly cupped
  his hand over her mouth to stifle her cries, while the other two men pinned
  the wildcat's flailing limbs to the cot. Metellus, who had come armed with
  several coils of rope, knotted a cord tightly around her wrists, then they
  hauled the still-groggy beauty to the short side of the cell and within moments
  they had strung her up to the central bar of the iron grating that barred the
  high window. 
Fully awake now, Byrria thrashed around furiously and tried to bite the man
  whose grip stifled her, but with her wrists pinioned together above her head
  , she was helpless to prevent Metellus from fondling her breasts, which were
  still adorned with faint marks, souvenirs of her savage duel in the Pit. His
  fingers mauled her dark-nippled treasures for a moment or two and then he slid
  his hands downward over her bare belly to take hold of her flimsy loin-cloth.
  With a bestial growl of triumph, he snatched it from her body, wadded it up
  and forced it into Byrria's protesting mouth. 
&quot;Lash her legs to the bars!&quot; Metellus hissed, in a hoarse whisper
  from which malice dripped like venom. &quot;And spread 'em nice and wide!&quot; 
His two minions hastened to obey his order, encircling Byrria's thrashing
  legs with loops of rope, and then they wound the long ends of the ropes around
  the outer bars on either side of the window. When the two men had immobilized
  her, they gave the ropes a powerful jerk, hoisting Byrria's slender legs upward
  and outward until her ankles had reached the same level as her wrists. There
  she hung, her lithe legs splayed into an obscene and painful V which spread
  her womanhood apart like a budding rose. 
Metellus, his eyes afire with lust, had liberated his massive erection from
  his loin-cloth, and an instant later he plunged his throbbing phallus into
  Byrria's gaping, defenseless slit. He grunted with obscene pleasure as he lunged
  again, burying his blood-engorged weapon up to the hilt in her moist sheath. 
Byrria screamed curses of outrage into her stifling gag and struggled futilely
  against her bonds. Meanwhile one of the guards wedged himself into the narrow
  gap between her and the wall behind her, braced himself against it and then
  reached for the soft mounds of her whip-tender breasts. Metellus, his breath
  reeking of cheap wine, tightened his grip on her hips and redoubled the force
  of his thrusts, driving Byrria's body back against his crony, whose hands continued
  to squeeze her breasts, heedless of her stifled gasps of pain. 
Metellus picked up the pace of his bestial thrusts, driving Byrria's naked
  body deeper into his crony's cruel embrace. The punishing pounding of the lanista's  body
  was so all-consuming that at first Byrria hardly noticed the increasing pressure
  of the hindman's rock-hard erection against her naked buttocks. She had only
  just realized with horror that she was destined for a second, even more brutal
  impalement, when Flavius and Calixtus had burst into her cell, and took in
  the horrific scene at a glance. Calixtus' stentorian bellow of &quot;Enough!
  Let her be!&quot; quickly sapped the virility from the three molesters, who
  turned to stare shamefacedly at their furious employer. 
Metellus, his loin-cloth still at his ankles, took a step away from his victim
  and turned toward Flavius, eyeing him with an expression of shocked surprise.
  But as soon as Metellus stepped aside, Flavius was distracted from his purpose
  by the sight of Byrria. Grotesquely suspended from the iron bars, Flavius found
  his eyes drawn as if by magic from her heaving breasts to the narrow apex of
  her smooth and shapely thighs, where her mons veneris sloped downward into
  a glistening gorge. 
Metellus, sensing that his only chance to escape the awkward situation was
  to take advantage of Flavius' momentary pre-occupation, took a lumbering step
  toward his employer. But Flavius would not have survived ten seasons in the
  arena if he had waited for his foes to strike the first blow, and he pre-empted
  Metellus' attack with a powerful uppercut that shattered the man's jaw and
  sent him reeling to the floor. Upon seeing this, the guard behind Byrria slid
  past her and started for the door, but Calixtus ended the man's escape attempt
  by tripping him up into the doorframe, while the least guilty of the three
  malefactors stood petrified in terror as if he had spotted a Gorgon. 
&quot;Get out of here!&quot; Flavius hissed at the guards icily, &quot;And
  take that useless piece of scum with you.&quot; The two men hurried to haul
  the groaning Metellus away, as Flavius barked after them: &quot;Wait at the
  guardhouse! I'll deal with you shortly. Cut her loose,&quot; he then turned
  to Calixtus, while he removed the gag from Byrria's mouth, but Calixtus hesitated
  ever so slightly as he drank in the sight of the Thracian's naked body. 
&quot;You heard him!&quot; Byrria hissed, her dark eyes firing daggers at
  the chief-instructor. &quot;Cut me loose!&quot; 
Calixtus returned her glance levelly. &quot;I heard Master Flavius,&quot; he
  replied, emphasizing both words. Then he added in a still lower voice, &quot;But
  you are hardly in a position to be giving orders!&quot; The chief instructor
  took his time reaching for the dagger that he would use to cut her down, while
  he let his eyes wander freely over Byrria's spread-eagled body. 
Flavius, too, had treated himself to a last, lingering appraisal of Byrria's
  splendid body, before finally putting an end to her humiliation by exclaiming
  brusquely, &quot;Enough, Calixtus! Cut her down!&quot; 
* * * 
Later that same night, Flavius had cashiered Metellus and the two men the
  assistant instructor had inveigled into joining him in his nocturnal assault.
  But he had learned a lesson from this unpleasant affair, and to prevent future
  incidents of this kind, he decreed that any attempt to prey upon the female
  members of his squad would have severe consequences. Since they were free citizens,
  Flavius had no penal authority over guards and attendants guilty of such an
  infraction, but he made it clear that offenders would not only lose their position,
  but would have to compensate him for damaging his property. Those who were
  under his direct control  both slaves and fighters  who violated his edict
  would, he promised them, find themselves roped to the cross, where a particularly
  intricate variety of crucifixion was bound to cool their ardour. 
On the very next evening, Flavius had summoned Byrria, so recently emerged
  from her twilight bath that her skin was still moist under her tunic, to his
  quarters. When he had assured her that Metellus would no longer pose a threat
  to her, and inquired whether she had recovered from her assault, Byrria had
  remained enigmatically silent for a moment while her dark eyes wandered around
  the room, comparing its relative luxury to her Spartan quarters. By the time
  her dark eyes returned to meet his steady gaze, she had made her fateful decision. 
Fresh and fragrant from her bath, her raven hair and dark eyes sparkling seductively
  in the light given off by a pair of elevated lanterns, she had moved closer
  to the Roman who had rescued her first from execution and more recently from
  the depths of degradation. &quot;You liked what you saw the other night, didn't
  you?&quot; she had asked in a breathy whisper as she reached out to stroke
  a well-muscled bicep, and indeed Flavius had found himself haunted by the stunning
  vision of Byrria's nude body straining against the ropes which had bound her
  to the bars of her dingy cell. A bit shocked by her boldness, he had tossed
  off the last of the wine in his goblet, as she moved still closer and pressed
  her warm thigh against his. &quot;In my country, women are valued for more
  than their fighting,&quot; the Thracian tigress had purred, and paused briefly
  to stare deeply into Flavius' grey eyes while she ran her moist tongue over
  her sensuous lips. Then she added: &quot;Metellus was a fool! A real man does
  not need to use force to take what he desires&quot; 
Flavius had felt his ardour rising as he eyed his comely acquisition, his
  gaze taking in the glossy raven ringlets of her hair, her exotically attractive
  facial features, and the almond-shaped eyes that promised wild, Maenadic pleasures
  undreamt of in the City of the Caesars. His erection thickened as he shifted
  his gaze downward, drinking in the sight of the twin mounds that pressed so
  boldly against the cloth of her tunic, and then further still, to the long
  and shapely thighs which he had seen spread in such obscene and provocative
  fashion only hours earlier. He had vowed to himself, before choosing this enticing
  beauty for his school, that he would keep business and pleasure separate. But
  when Byrria had inched closer and pressed her firm body against his, and he
  had felt the tips of her nipples stabbing against his chest, he had discarded
  his vow as easily as he tossed aside the tunic that he ripped from her body
  with a masterful sweep of his arm. 
On that night, the first of many such nights, Byrria had made love to him,
  using her body as a weapon in a battle of raging lusts. Her erotic imagination
  seemed to know no limits, and her hands, her hips, her mouth, her breasts had
  moved over his body like those of the most accomplished hetaira of Rome . Time
  and again she had used her fine-tuned pelvic muscles to drain every drop of
  passion from his body, leaving him inert and utterly spent, only to rekindle
  the flame of his lust by worshipping his almost aching genitals with the hot,
  moist breath of her lips and tongue. 
A few weeks later, when Balbinus provided him with his first batch of female
  slave-fighters  of whom the Nubian net-woman was the last remaining survivor  Flavius
  decided to entrust Byrria with the novices' training. He would have done so
  even if she had not become his mistress in the meantime, since the Metellus
  incident had made the necessity of putting a female lanista  in charge
  of the female recruits quite evident. After the duel in the Pit, the veteran
  fighters had no reason to doubt Byrria's qualities as a gladiatrix, nor did
  she ever give them reason to suspect, even for a moment, that she was treating
  her fellow-females with undue favouritism. But even so many of the old hands
  regarded her quick promotion by Flavius with suspicion, and the brazenness
  with which she took advantage of her new position turned their initial respect
  for her into envy and resentment. 
&nbsp;
From Flavius' point of view, however, the division of labour between
  Calixtus and Byrria had proved to be quite effective. Despite her own experience
  with Metellus, Byrria had not shrunk from treating her charges with her own
  form of draconian discipline, a regimen which served the attractive young women
  well in the ring. But notwithstanding her success as trainer and fighter alike,
  Byrria remained always uneasy. For the more beautiful and promising a novice
  seemed to be, the more fearful of losing her position as both lanista  and
  bedmate, Byrria became... 
* * * 
The sound of leather smacking against bare flesh interrupted Flavius' musings
  and brought him back to the present. Taleena had done her best, but the gnawing
  teeth of time had ravaged her shoulders and, together with the relentless pressure
  of her splayed-legged position on her groin muscles, had finally forced her
  to drop her arms. Just as Flavius had imagined, the abandonment of her position
  was quickly rewarded with a swift, stinging slash from Byrria's crop that found
  the side of her right breast, scattering the lucky raindrops which trickled
  gently down the luscious slope . And when the statuesque blonde was slow to
  lift the stones back to the desired height, a second slice of the crop sent
  a shudder of pain coursing through her left breast, drawing a soft moan of
  pain from her lips. 
Eventually, by the time Calixtus had concluded the gymnastics session, the
  outer curves of each of Taleena's breasts had been freshly emblazoned with
  three lurid streaks, and Flavius' arousal had mounted to a new level 
XXIV. 
Taleena would never know how she had endured the morning drill until lunch
  break. By the time Byrria dismissed the sorely tried Avernian from the rigors
  of the circuit training, the other recruits had already taken their places
  on the benches under the narrow awning that sheltered the dining area from
  the elements. Taleena could scarcely drag her exhausted body across the breadth
  of the compound, disdaining, in her fatigue, to expend the energy necessary
  to step around the small puddles that dotted her path to the lunching area 
Utterly spent, Taleena dropped down on one of the benches, choosing a place
  a little apart from the others. Strands of long, rain-drenched hair partially
  covered her face and shielded her downcast eyes, but Taleena turned her whip-torn
  back toward her fellow recruits so that they could not see the tears streaming
  down her cheeks. As she tried to catch her breath, Taleena covertly cradled
  her aching, red-speckled breasts in her forearms hoping to soothe the pain
  which coursed through them. For when she had completed the agonizing circuit
  for the second time she had been surprised, and relieved, to find that her
  treasures were not covered with blood. 
Against her better judgment, Taleena had clung to the faint hope that she
  might be at least spared the press-ups over the broken tiles, which she dreaded
  more than any other exercise of the circuit training. But it was not to be.
  With feigned courtesy the ruthless Thracian had ordained that  out of consideration
  for her whip-scarred back  she needed only to satisfy the woman's quota, confident
  that even that number would be beyond Taleena's present strength. But in return
  for that small favour, the sneering instructress had insisted that she meet
  the mandatory minimum for each exercise, regardless of how many attempts it
  took her. Each time Taleena had bent her arms to lower herself, she had felt
  a dozen tiny daggers thrusting into her back, only to be extracted with agonizing
  slowness as she pushed herself up again. And during every moment in the lowered
  position, the sensitive tips of her pendulous breasts kissed the sharp-edged
  shards, giving her a frightening foretaste of the painful fate that awaited
  her when the strength in her arms gave out. 
And her arms did give out  on only the sixth press-up. Her strength sapped
  by her taxing ordeal with the stones, the muscles in her shoulders shuddered
  for a long agonizing moment and then she collapsed painfully into the beckoning
  sea of shards. She had lain there in motionless misery for a few seconds on
  the horns of a dreadful dilemma: Should she lie there for a bit to regain her
  strength, even though the entire weight of her body seemed to press her tender
  skin ever deeper into the torturous bed of broken tiles? Or should she lift
  herself quickly, relieving the immediate agony, but knowing that, without rest,
  her arms would give out all the sooner in the next set of iterations, thus
  causing her defenceless breasts and belly to crash into the dreadful tiles
  once again? 
In the end, she had tried both tactics, but neither had spared her the ravaging
  effects of the breast-gouging bits of tile. It had taken her no fewer than
  eight attempts to complete the target of thirty-five, and she had never again
  managed complete to more than five of the press-ups before collapsing, defeated,
  into the jagged shards once again. Earlier, Byrria's stinging crop-blows had
  embossed the pale parchment of her breast-flesh with a pattern of dark-red
  bruises, and here and there random beads of blood oozed from pinprick-like
  fissures. But surprisingly the shards, however sharp they had felt against
  her tender flesh, had failed to pierce her resilient skin while Byrria had
  kept track of the count with an icy implacability as Taleena had groaned pitifully
  each time her strength had given out and her pendulous breasts had crashed
  painfully into the broken tiles. 
Taleena could not have explained exactly why she had sacrificed her body to
  complete the torturous regimen that Byrria had set up for her. Perhaps it had
  been the memory of Breaca's plaintive, &quot;Promise me that you will not falter!&quot; Or
  perhaps it was the fact that her friend still knelt in penance in the center
  of the yard, naked to the elements and the onlookers, many of whom had positioned
  their benches so that they might take in the tantalizing sight of the bare-breasted
  delinquent. It seemed to Taleena that it would be an insult to Breaca to concede
  defeat while her brave friend still languished in her own torment. 
Larius, the young water-slave, was busy serving the contingent of Rhinelanders
  their drinks, but when he noticed Taleena's late arrival at the lunching area,
  he hastened to offer his services to her. As he approached her he glanced at
  the lattice of lash marks on her back, swallowed awkwardly and stepped around
  so that he faced her. He could not help but see the tears streaming down her
  face as he held the goatskin to Taleena's beaker, nor could he avert his troubled
  gaze from the dark bruises that dappled her breasts. He gave her an encouraging
  smile as he filled her cup, and Taleena was touched by the boy's attempt to
  lift her spirits. As a concession to the cool weather, Larius' wineskin contained
  warm mulsum , a diluted, honey-sweetened wine whose spicy vapour also
  helped to perk up the bone-weary recruit . 
&quot;It is not fair that they should hurt you like this,&quot; he whispered
  angrily. &quot;If I were grown&quot; and his hushed voice and clenched fists
  left no doubt that were it in his power, Larius would have tried to avenge
  the injustices done to the young woman who had taken his part when Rutilius
  had played his cruel trick on him and thrown his toy over the wall. 
. 
The recruits were forbidden to speak during their lunch break, but seeing
  the sadness in the boy's eyes Taleena ignored the possible consequences of
  a breach of this rule. &quot;Do not worry,&quot; she whispered bravely under
  her breath as she flashed Larius a weak smile. &quot;I will be all right.&quot; Then
  trying to summon a more reassuring smile, she took a sip from her cup and added. &quot;Your
  drink has made me feel better already!&quot; Taleena hoped that her words would
  calm her young friend, since any further conversation could lead them both
  into serious trouble. But before Larius could mouth a reply, Scaurus, the one-legged
  waiter appeared, shoving the boy gently aside with his crutch as he placed
  a steaming bowl of stew on Taleena's table. 
&quot;Come on, lad,&quot; the ex-gladiator nudged the boy, casting Taleena
  a warning glance as he tilted his head in Calixtus' direction, &quot;the dishes
  in the scullery will not clean themselves.&quot; 
Inasmuch as the recruits customarily fetched their own rations at the hatchway,
  it was clear to Taleena that the purpose of Scaurus' intervention was to steer
  the boy clear of trouble, and she gave him a brief nod of appreciation for
  his concern for the child. As man and boy turned toward the kitchen, Taleena
  pulled the bowl of stew toward herself and was about to wolf down the first
  bite when her eyes caught a glimpse of the object the one-legged servant had
  tucked in his belt. The flute! That soft nocturnal flute whose simple melodies
  had soothed her soul on so many lonely nights. The sweet pastoral instrument
  whose fluttering notes had permeated the grimness of the Flavian compound,
  and transported her to gentler times in gentler lands. 
Taleena sat for a moment stunned, not quite believing that a man so accustomed
  to the gory gladiatorial trade as this wretched, limping ex-gladiator, should
  be such a talented disciple of Orpheus. As Taleena watched the odd couple make
  their way toward the kitchen, she smiled seeing that Larius, who had been so
  fleet of foot while at play, was at great pains to walk no more quickly than
  his lame companion. The knowledge that these two victims of Roman rule, each
  seemingly alone in the world, had found a place in their heart for each other
  warmed her deadened spirits, as did the compassion and concern that each of
  them had shown her. 
Taleena quickly finished the bowl of stew and as she swallowed the last sip
  of mulsum  from her beaker, she thought about the troubled expression
  on the boy's face as he had filled it. If only for the peace of mind of the
  child, she promised herself, she would brave out her ordeal and prove that
  such gods as afforded mercy to men had not abandoned the Ludus Flavianus to
  their more spiteful brethren. But just then Calixtus' stentorian voice cut
  through the afternoon's stillness like the crack of a whip barking out the
  order to reassemble for the afternoon's training. Taleena's stomach balled
  up into a tight knot at the thought of another encounter with her blue-clad
  tormentress. But the midday break, the light meal, and her encounter with Larius
  and Scaurus had restored much of her strength and spirit, and she rose painfully
  to her feet, trying to concentrate on the knowledge that the day was half over  and
  trying to ignore the equal reality: that she still faced another half-day within
  reach of the claws of the Thracian tigress 
* * * 
The fine, intermittent drizzle had stopped by the end of the lunch break,
  but the sky had grown portentously darker in the west, suggesting that Vulcan
  had done Jupiter's bidding and fashioned a quiver of thunderbolts to be launched
  in the violent storm to come. 
Taleena, feeling much more alert after the midday break, trudged determinedly
  to the sword-training area, where the Thracian lanista  stood near
  the weapons rack, casually playing with one of the wooden swords, displaying
  her usual sneer at the sight of the approaching recruit. Byrria had apparently
  changed clothes during lunch break, and was now wearing a fresh blue tunic
  under a bronze cuirass whose modelled breast plates accentuated every curve
  of her well-toned torso. Despite the depths of her fatigue, Taleena met Byrria's
  gaze forthrightly, her azure eyes locked in a battle of wills with the smouldering
  eyes of the Tigress. 
As she reached the rack, some deep inner combativeness led Taleena to raise
  her chin proudly, to throw back her shoulders, and to stick her chest out ever
  so slightly, but thrusting her naked, pain-quivering breasts provocatively
  forward nonetheless. 
The other recruits at the rack stopped sorting through the weapons when they
  saw that even the iron-willed Calixtus had let his own gaze stray intently
  in Taleena's direction, and, like themselves, was covertly watching the encounter
  between the two women. Everyone who witnessed the scene could sense the challenge
  in the Avernian's defiant bearing, which seemed to say, &quot;I may be at the
  end of my tether, but I will never admit defeat. You can hurt me, but never
  conquer me!&quot; 
Flavius, observing the scene from his eagle's nest on the balcony above, nodded
  his head approvingly, pleased by Taleena's indomitable spirit. Only two days
  ago, Byrria had flogged the proud Avernian within an inch of her life, and
  today she had spent all morning making the life of the suffering recruit a
  living Tartarus. The tell-tale residue of Taleena's various ordeals were evident
  on almost every part of her marvellous body, and yet the unswerving Gaul still
  dared to challenge her wrathful instructress. 'She has the fighting spirit
  of a daughter of Bellona,' Flavius thought to himself, and then watched, spellbound,
  to see how Byrria would respond. 
Byrria raised a dark eyebrow in surprise at Taleena's bold gesture, but then,
  as if sensing the eyes of the onlookers upon her, her features relaxed, and
  an enigmatic smile crossed her face. &quot;Well, it seems that you are ready
  to do battle again,&quot; she stated in a bemused voice that even seemed to
  contain a hint of recognition and respect. &quot;But we shall have to have
  you fully rigged out first, won't we?&quot; The dark-haired lanista  used
  the tip of her wooden sword to lift a piece of armour from the rack, and tossed
  it towards Taleena. &quot;Don your armour, Gaul !&quot; she ordered with an
  evil grin. &quot;It's time you got used to the feel of it!&quot; Byrria glanced
  over her shoulder at the male recruits who had been watching their exchange
  and added mockingly, &quot;and even higher time you stopped strutting around
  so shamelessly. This is a school for gladiators, not a topless tavern in some
  Bithynian port!&quot; 
Taleena bristled at the unfairness of these words, and the rosy blush suffusing
  her face and features made it obvious that she was more conscious than ever
  of the lustful stares of the male recruits. It had hardly been her choice to
  pose bare-breasted when she had done the splits, much less when she had been
  compelled to perform the dreadful push-ups in the sea of shards. But she held
  her tongue and caught the mail shirt Byrria had tossed her . The mail itself
  was made of iron, with rings no larger than the tip of the stylus Calixtus
  used to inscribe demerits on his wax tablet. Taleena was surprised by its weight
  relative to its size since she could see at a glance that the short-sleeved
  shirt would barely cover half her torso. About half of the rings were solid,
  having been punched from sheet metal, while the rest were riveted shut, with
  a mere slit as a neckhole where the shoulder seam had been left unsewn. 
Taleena slipped the shirt over her head, taking care that her rain-dampened
  tresses didn't get tangled up in the metal meshwork. She had been longing to
  cover her breasts for the entire morning, only to realize that the short-sleeved
  shirt might conceal, but did not support her aching breasts. It scarcely reached
  to her lower ribs, and her bosom's resilient fullness strained to assert itself
  against the oppressive weight of the pinching garment. A quick glance at the
  mocking smile on the face of her instructress, convinced Taleena that it was
  no accident that the Thracian's decision to introduce her to body armour had
  come at a time when she was without so much as a strophium  to protect
  her bare skin from the coarse mailshirt. Bearing in mind how the sweat-soaked
  breast-bandage had been rubbing against the sensitive tips of her breasts during
  the training sessions, Taleena did her best not to dwell on the abrasive friction
  that the rigid metal meshwork of the chainmail would exert on her nipples 
&quot;Now for the rest of your uniform,&quot; Byrria said, smirking at Taleena's
  discomfiture as she used her wooden sword to lift another piece of armour off
  the rack and toss it in the recruit's direction. 
Taleena reached out to catch it, but missed. Her stretching movement caused
  the scabs of her welts to chafe against the mail shirt, giving her another
  foretaste of the effect the metal ringlets would have on her skin once the
  swordplay began. She picked the bundle Byrria had tossed her off the ground,
  and looked quizzically at what appeared to be a broad belt not unlike the one
  she was wearing. As wide as a hand, this sturdy military belt known as the cingulum had
  plates of cast brass riveted to its dark leather with hinge tubes. A concave
  length of chainmail was attached to the back of the belt, and at its loose
  end dangled a small, triangular shield of brass that looked like some sort
  of groin guard. 
Taleena stared at the cingulum uncertainly, and began to slide it
  clumsily around her waist. 
&quot;Do they wear two belts at once in Gaul ?&quot; Byrria said mockingly
  to the amusement of the onlookers. &quot;Here in Rome , we content ourselves
  with one at a time. So you had better remove the one you have on!&quot; 
Taleena fumed silently at this disparaging reference to her homeland, but
  she knew that she had no choice but obey the Thracian's order. She took a deep
  breath as she dropped the cingulum  and reached down to undo the belt
  that held her loin-cloth in place. She tugged the garment over her womanly
  hips and let it slide down her shapely legs. Despite the cool breeze that swept
  across the training ground, Taleena could feel the hot gaze of the male recruits
  on her golden triangle and the pink-lipped seam displayed so prominently between
  her slightly parted thighs. She stooped to pick up the cingulum ,
  but as she girded herself, she didn't know what to do with the triangular length
  of chainmail that dangled from the belt behind her. But so concerned was she
  to shield her modesty from the ravenous eyes of the onlookers, that she was
  unaware of Flavius who looked down on her from the balcony. 
From above the master of the Ludus Flavianus  studied the sizzling
  signature Byrria's whip had left on the perfect halfmoons of Taleena's heart-shaped
  bottom  six evenly spaced, lurid-red stripes  and again Flavius caught himself
  picturing the golden-haired Gaul hanging naked from the whipping post, squirming,
  moaning, twisting under the flesh-searing strokes of Byrria's whip. 
&quot;Come on, Gaul , it's not as if I had ordered you to don the Scythian
  Strap again!&quot; Byrria scoffed impatiently. Taleena felt a warm flush of
  shame coursing through her body as she remembered how the Thracian tigress
  had bridled her and Selia with the inhumane crotch straps, while half the men
  of the Ludus Flavianus  had looked on  just as they leered at her
  now. 
Her face masked in an imperious scowl, Byrria edged forward until the breast-plates
  of her leathern armour were no more than a hand's width from Taleena's mail-covered
  chest. Taleena could detect the faint scent of perfume wafting its way toward
  her nostrils as she matched the slightly shorter lanista's  malicious
  gaze with a downward glare of her own. Byrria's lower lip curled into an evil
  smirk as she reached between Taleena's legs, gripping the length of chainmail
  dangling from the back of the cingulum, and jerked it toward her ,
  threading the metal meshwork tightly through Taleena's crotch before wrapping
  its loose end around the clasp at the front of the belt. 
Taleena gritted her teeth as she felt a faint tug where the metal ringlets
  rubbed against her most sensitive flesh, and a desperate groan came from her
  lips as Byrria tightened her grip slightly to attach the shield-shaped groin-guard
  to the rim of the mail sleeve she had just pulled over the belt. Worn over
  a loin-cloth, or over another layer of fabric, this ensemble would offer a
  measure of protection for the groin area, without being too uncomfortable too
  wear, but without so much as a loincloth or undertunic to insulate her most
  intimate flesh from the metal meshwork , the woven ringlets would pinch her
  flesh and tug at her pubic hair every time she moved. 
Byrria took a step back, looking pleased with her work. &quot;Behold our Gallic
  princess in full armour,&quot; she sneered, &quot;wearing her groin guard as
  if it were the girdle of Hippolyta! Take up a sword, Gaul , and select your
  shield!&quot; 
Moving gingerly in her tight-fitting iron loin-cloth, Taleena did as she was
  bid, choosing first one of the handy round-shields which were used by the legions'
  auxiliaries to complement the spatha . Made of lime, wood slats, and
  glue, backed with felt and faced with rawhide, the parma  was lighter
  than the large square scutum  used by the infantry. The aspiring gladiatrix
  hefted the unfamiliar defensive weapon in her right hand, noting that it was
  quite thick and protective, in addition to offering a better field of vision
  than the bulkier scutum  with which some of the veteran fighters were
  practicing. She raised and lowered it a few times, accustoming herself to its
  weight, and then took one of the swords from the rack. 
Byrria had armed herself, too, with sword and shield, and measured the similarly
  equipped recruit with interest. &quot;It is time to introduce you to the niceties
  of sword-play,&quot; she stated, &quot;But first we will have to find a new
  training partner for you, won't we?&quot; 
The Thracian stalked off toward the training ring, followed by the miserable,
  long-legged Avernian whose usually proud gait was hobbled by the metallic loin-cloth,
  whose protective purpose was far out-weighed by its maddening pinch. 
&quot; Verica!&quot; Byrria shouted across the yard. &quot;Come over here!
  And bring your weapons with you!&quot; 
As Verica approached, Taleena eyed the equipage of Breaca's sister with a
  touch of envy. Verica was armed with a sword and a shield much like the ones
  Taleena had chosen. But unlike the blonde Avernian, the ginger-haired Celt
  was accoutred with a brass-studded, form-fitting armour, and wore a pair of caligae ,
  the familiar legionary boots, open like sandals, with a thick leather sole
  studded with hobnails, and cords that wrapped helix-like around her shapely
  calves. In her shiny armour, it was Verica who resembled a latter-day Hippolyta,
  the Amazon queen to whose famous belt Byrria had already referred, while Taleena
  looked like a barefoot recruit manning some provincial outpost in the most
  remote corner of the empire. 
To a casual observer, the Celtic sisters appeared identical, but despite having
  been cleft from the same ovum, they were as unlike as a pair of Gemini could
  be. Whereas their graceful figures, their creamy-white, freckled complexions,
  and the configuration of their facial features were as alike as those of most
  twins, a certain pout to Breaca's mouth gave it a lively and daring cast, while
  Verica's downward-pursed lips hinted at a bilious disposition. But the most
  striking differences between them lay in their eyes, for even though they were
  the same shade of green, Breaca's eyes had the sparkle of emeralds, while Verica's
  eyes were strangely blank, almost soulless, as if they masked a deep-rooted
  bitterness. And while Breaca was warm and open and friendly, Verica seemed
  cold and closed and distant. Taleena had hardly spoken to her in her days at
  the Ludus Flavianus , nor had she seen her converse much with anyone
  else; Verica seemed to avoid the company of everyone but her good-hearted sister. 
Byrria had spitefully seen to it that the two contestants should fight not
  far from the centre of the arena, at a place from which both would have an
  excellent view of Breaca. Taleena found it difficult to judge whether the sullen-looking
  Verica bore her any ill will, but there was certainly no friendliness in her
  demeanour at the sight of her suffering sister. Breaca still knelt there posed
  in all her penitential pulchritude, voluptuously naked save for her skimpy
  loin-cloth, and motionless save for the occasional shudder of pain that coursed
  through her magnificent body. At the sight of her suffering sister, Verica's
  usually emotionless eyes shot Taleena a fierce glance, as if she blamed her
  for her sister's dire predicament. 
&nbsp;
But Taleena was too appalled by the cruelty of her friend's punishment to
  bother herself with Verica's misplaced animosity. 
Breaca's weary arms had long since lost their struggle with the thorny cross-piece,
  which now rested painfully on her bloodied shoulders. Yet she still knelt stiffly
  upright, as she was forced to do by the four broken spears which had been driven
  into the ground at such an angle that their dagger-sharp points were poised
  just inches from her midsection, front and back. Her ginger hair was damp from
  the morning rain, slicked down in dark strands which seemed plastered to her
  face, a face whose luminous green eyes and deep-etched lines of endurance told
  the grim tale of her suffering. The drizzle had covered her milky white skin
  with a moist sheen which gave her statuesque body an alabaster gloss, and if
  the muscles in her arms had not been quivering with pain and exhaustion, she
  might well have been mistaken for a carving of a lushly feminine Atlas. 
Taleena knew that the sight of the suffering Breaca would be a distraction
  to her concentration, so she tried to avoid looking directly at her friend.
  But Breaca's pitiable cry of anguish that morning when she had stumbled and
  the thorns had found her bare breasts still reverberated in Taleena's ears,
  and she could not help but glancing in the delinquent's direction. Now she
  could see from close range the effects of Breaca's fall. Where the beam had
  fallen against those parts of her torso where the skin was stretched over the
  slightly protruding bones of her scapula and ribcage, the thorns had broken
  off, leaving only jagged scratches on the surface of her skin. But where the
  thorn-bristling beam had fallen against the upper slopes of Breaca's breasts,
  the dreadful spines had speared the milky-white mounds, burying themselves
  to the hilts in her soft flesh. Tiny droplets of blood were still leaking from
  a dozen such punctures, mingling with the moisture beading the Celt's body
  to form thin, pale-red rivulets which followed the graceful curves of her torso,
  painting her alabaster skin with gruesome scarlet streaks. 
When their eyes met, Breaca tried to flash Taleena a brave glance, but her
  vain attempt at valour could not belie the extremity of her suffering. This
  was no longer the proud warrioress, the helpful, confident comrade who had
  shrugged off Byrria's orders with disdain. In her place knelt a pain-quivering
  penitent who was paying dearly for a petty offence, and for whom the day's
  end still seemed a lifetime away. 
Taleena felt her throat tighten at the appalling sight, and turned away to
  hide her grief from her suffering friend, so as not to make Breaca's ordeal
  even worse. But when she looked at her equally grief-stricken opponent, the
  juxtaposition of the twin sisters  the vigorous, fierce looking, armour-clad
  Verica on one hand, the all but naked, pain-wrecked Breaca on the other  only
  seemed to intensify the tension of the drama in which the four women in the
  center of the arena played leading roles. 
Byrria observed the reactions of Taleena and Verica to the sight of Breaca's
  suffering with silent satisfaction before calling them to attention. Then,
  making a beckoning gesture, the lanista  signalled for Verica to attack
  her, so that the Avernian recruit could learn from the technique of the two
  more experienced fighters. After a brief demonstration how to coordinate the
  movement of sword and shield, the Thracian let Taleena take her place, and
  made the recruit repeat the different cycles of motions which she had just
  performed herself with such remarkable ease. The weary Avernian did her best
  to follow the Thracian's instructions, but it took her a while to become accustomed
  to her new weapon. 
The parma was surprisingly light, and after a short time
  of practice Taleena was able to move the shield as if it were a natural extension
  of her right hand. For today, as always, she held her fighting sword in her
  left hand, while she used her natural dexterity to fend off blows with her
  right. Even so, her skill with the weapons was soon counterbalanced by the
  nagging friction of her armour against her bare flesh. As the training wore
  on, her occasional winces of discomfort evolved into louder and louder moans
  each time she parried one of Verica's blows, or lunged forward so as to throw
  her opponent back on her heels. 
&nbsp; 
* * * 
After an hour of intense drill, the dark-eyed lanista glanced upward
  at the threatening sky and announced that the day's training session would
  be concluded with a sparring match. Occasional rumbles could be heard in the
  west, out over the Mare Tyrrhenum , and the gathering clouds overhead
  were darkening by the moment, so Byrria decided that her two charges had better
  get in some real fighting before a session-ending downpour might set in. 
The two combatants crossed their swords, but Verica refused to grant her Avernian
  opponent the customary nod of the head betokening the mutual respect among
  gladiators. Instead, the stern-looking Celt simply backed away after the swords
  had made contact , and lowered herself into a tense crouch, raising her shield
  and brandishing her sword. 
Taleena had only just assumed her fighting stance when Verica hurled herself
  forward with a wild battle-cry, raining a succession of blows at the blonde
  recruit's head. Taleena parried the blows with her sword, but Verica drove
  her steadily back, step by step. Only when the verve of the Celtic fury's first
  attack seemed to subside a little was Taleena able to mount any sort of a counter-attack.
  But Verica deftly dodged each of her blows and then spun around quickly, knocking
  Taleena's spatha  aside, and thrusting her own sword at her opponent's
  throat. Taleena jerked her head back, but this evasive action left her bare
  midriff vulnerably exposed. Taking advantage of her opponent's high-held parma ,
  Verica thrust her wooden weapon hard into Taleena's stomach, and although the
  blunt tip of the sword met muscular resistance behind the soft layer of belly-flesh,
  Taleena shrieked at the pain of the thrust, slumping to one knee and gasping
  for breath. 
Byrria fumed at the ease with which Verica had triumphed in the first round. &quot;Is
  this the best you can do after two weeks of training?&quot; she screamed at
  the hapless recruit. &quot;The Iberian girl could have done as well!&quot; A
  lump formed in Taleena's throat at this callous mention of Selia, but the angry lanista  only
  continued to berate her. &quot;If that had been a real sword, you'd be on your
  way to meet the useless Spaniard in the afterworld!&quot; 
Byrria's disrespect for the dead was almost harder to stomach than Verica's
  blow, and Taleena could only stare at her in disbelief, indignant at the Thracian's
  callousness. She glared at the heartless lanista  for a moment, but
  the Thracian only gestured to Verica to continue the fight, and Taleena had
  no choice but to stagger painfully to her feet. 
Taleena had only half-risen when the Celt's sword swept downward from the
  heavens, and Taleena only just managed to raise her shield in time to deflect
  the powerful blow, gritting her teeth as the shock of its impact travelled
  down her arm and drove her back to the ground. Her eyes wide in astonishment
  at the Celt's unsporting attack, Taleena fended off the next stroke before
  managing to leap back to her feet. After another clattering exchange of blows
  the two opponents separated, neither having gained an advantage, and began
  circling each other warily while they struggled to catch their breath. 
The freestyle sparring demonstrated Verica's superior skill and experience
  far more than the technical drill had done, and the longer the fight continued
  the more apparent the disparity in their abilities and energies became. Had
  it not been for the ordeals she had suffered in the morning, Taleena would
  have made a far better account of herself, but her limbs were leaden with exhaustion.
  Yielding no quarter, the Celt pressed her advantage ruthlessly, unmoved by
  Taleena's increasingly louder moans. For as the fight progressed, Taleena's
  every stride and parry caused the thin strands of chain mail between her legs
  to tear at her raw flesh, and gave her breasts an unbidden bounce which pressed
  them painfully against the mail-shirt which strained to contain their fullness. 
The clatter of wooden swords echoed across the yard of the Ludus Flavianus  for
  a while, interrupted occasionally by Taleena's guttural groans, as her strength
  and stamina were pushed to their very limits by Verica's harrowing onslaught.
  So seldom did she have an opportunity to mount a serious counter-offensive
  that Byrria was finally moved to snap, &quot;Are you a straw figure or a fighter?!
  You'd better start to attack unless you'd like a demerit for not landing a
  single score all afternoon!&quot; 
Stung by this second insult, Taleena hurled herself at her Celtic opponent,
  as if her headlong attack would belie the Thracian's words. They exchanged
  a few violent blows, until Taleena suddenly felt a burning pain in her chest
  as Verica slashed a blow past her guard. The strike landed on the sensuous
  crease where the soft skin of her breast melted into the flesh that guarded
  her ribcage, driving the metal ringlets into her whip-ravaged skin. The n umbing
  force of the blow made her drop her parma , and she was slow to react
  to Verica's next stroke which knocked the sword from her other hand as well.
  Shieldless, swordless and half-dazed, Taleena swayed unsteadily as Verica quickly
  whirled around on her own axis, and swept her sword arm forward with a powerful
  backhand swing. 
Since the Celt was a bit shorter than her long-legged Avernian opponent, her
  blow was aimed at Taleena's chest, and her frontal assault smashed into the
  Gaul 's body with full force, knocking her off of her feet. As she fell, Taleena's
  arms crossed over her chest reflexively, but far too late to protect her breasts
  from the pain lancing through them. She cried out as she landed heavily on
  her back, and when the impact of her fall caused the metal rings in her shirt
  to nip hungrily at the whip-welts on her back and buttocks, she groaned again.
  Her body awash in a sea of pain, Taleena writhed from side to side on the sandy
  ground, doing her best to suppress the whimpers of misery that strove to spill
  from her lips. 
Byrria and Verica watched the agonized Avernian for a while, long enough for
  Byrria to prepare her next callous remark. &quot;Get up, Gaul !&quot; the Thracian
  snapped. &quot;Put up a better fight and spare us your grimaces and groans!&quot; 
Taleena clenched her teeth to choke back her pain as she rolled to one side
  and propped herself on the ground, stretching out her arm to retrieve her wooden
  weapon. When her groping hand found the sword, she hefted the training weapon
  in the palm of her left hand and rose unsteadily to her feet, realizing that
  the chainmail, while affording her chest some protection against stabbing injuries,
  had done little to absorb the shock of Verica's sweeping blow. The Celt's violent
  attack had driven the ringlets of her mailshirt into her body with such force
  that some of the metallic circlets had lodged in the soft flesh of breasts.
  As Taleena tried to straighten up, she realized to her dismay that her left
  nipple had been hooked by one of the broken rings, gripping her flesh as tightly
  as one of the pincers of Athenodoros. 
&quot;This will teach you not to stick out your chest too proudly, Gaul !&quot; Byrria
  sneered, referring to their encounter at the weapons' rack, and her wicked
  smile indicated that she was well aware of Taleena's predicament. &quot;Adjust
  your armour, so that we may proceed!&quot; 
Taleena bit down hard on her lip to conceal her suffering as she slipped her
  hand underneath the chainmail. But a moment later a shudder of resignation
  shook her body when she realized that the broken ringlet was clinging to the
  tip of her right breast with the tenacity of an eagle's talons. Gritting her
  teeth, Taleena gave the chain mail a quick tug with her other hand, freeing
  her breast from the hook-like grip of the ringlet, but at a cost that brought
  tears to her eyes. 
&quot;It seems that you are re-paying the Gaul in the same coin with which
  your sister is paying her penalty,&quot; Byrria sneered to Verica as the two
  women stared at Taleena's bare midsection. As her eyes followed theirs, Taleena
  couldn't see past her mail-covered chest, but felt a throbbing pain in her
  tender nipple, while a warm streamlet of blood was trickling down the creamy
  flesh of her belly, just below the hem of the mailshirt. 
&quot;Take a look at your sister!&quot; Byrria goaded Verica as she pointed
  toward her suffering twin, &quot;and tell me you don't want to land another
  blow on the troublemaker who placed the beam on her shoulders! Come on, deal
  this Gallic bitch a final blow, and finish this farce of a fight!&quot; 
Verica glanced at Breaca, then at Taleena, and resumed her tense crouch, preparing
  to strike again. But just as she sprang forward, a muffled, almost inaudible
  sound startled her, leaving her upraised arm frozen in an attacking position. 
&quot; Stopadh! Is leor sin !&quot; These strange guttural words,
  voiced by her sister in their native tongue, had brought Verica up short. The
  Celtic twins exchanged intense glances, and finally Verica lowered her sword
  under her sister's silent gaze. 
Despite the terseness of Breaca's command, those few words
  were enough to enrage Byrria as quickly as they had stopped Verica in her tracks. &quot;What
  was that?&quot; the dark-eyed Thracian snapped as the Celt tried to straighten
  her bloodied shoulders. &quot;Repeat what you said! And in Latin, if you please,
  so that we all can do your bidding!&quot; 
Breaca glared at the raging lanista disdainfully, once again a proud
  Celtic warrioress, not a pain-stricken penitent being subjected to a punishment
  so brutal that it had heretofore been reserved for only the most unregenerate
  of offenders. &quot;You would not understand my words if I spoke them in your
  own language!&quot; she retorted in a voice cracking from the strain of her
  burden. But her valiant effort was well rewarded by the look of utter consternation
  on Byrria's face. 
But the wily Thracian was quick to recover her poise. &quot;So, you think
  you can make a fool out of me, do you?&quot; she muttered in a sly voice when
  she saw that Breaca had no intention of explaining further. &quot;Well, words
  from one such as you are of no importance anyway. But, as you know very well,
  recruits are not permitted to speak at all during training, much less mouth
  words in some barbaric tongue!&quot; 
Byrria glanced down at the blood-streaked Celt, and then questioningly up
  to Flavius on the balcony, wondering whether she dared to inflict a further
  punishment on this suffering gladiatrix who had once again challenged her authority.
  But when Flavius made no motion to intervene, her misgivings vanished, and
  she seized her opportunity with alacrity before Flavius could change his mind. &quot;Rutilius!&quot; She
  bellowed across the yard, to her loyal minion, &quot;Bring me a gag! This one
  talks too much!&quot; 
Although Breaca's accepted the implication of these words impassively, indicating
  that she had reckoned with Byrria's verdict, Taleena was indignant that Byrria
  would dare to impose a new penalty on one who had already suffered so much.
  Without thinking, she confronted their instructor once again. 
&quot;Don't you ever get enough?&quot; she spat out, quite oblivious to the
  consequences of her outburst, her eyes flaring with contempt as she returned
  the gorgon-like glare of the lanista. 
&quot;Enough of what?&quot; Byrria spat back. &quot;Enough of punishing you
  fools for your insubordinate behaviour? Why should I ever get enough of that?!&quot; 
Byrria's dark eyes fired daggers of fury as she stared intently first at Breaca
  and then at Taleena, but there was a hint of hesitation in her manner, a hesitation
  inspired by the implacable fury in Taleena's cobalt-blue eyes. 
Above them, Flavius placed both hands on the railing of the balcony, and leaned
  forward watching intently as the silent duel between the two proud beauties
  unfolded. How, he wondered, would his tempestuous lanista react to
  this new provocation? Would arrogance once again crush insolence under its
  heavy boot? A moment later his unspoken question was answered when Byrria abruptly
  slapped the tip of her spatha  across the palm of her hand. 
&quot;Rutilius!&quot; she called after the skinny youth who was just emerging
  from the door of the guardhouse. &quot;Perhaps you had better bring two gags!
  It seems that we have two songbirds to silence!&quot; 
The young guard smirked at the callous command, stepped back into the guardhouse,
  and re-emerged moments later with a second gag in tow. By this time, two of
  his comrades had positioned themselves beside the kneeling Celt, and at Byrria's
  command they seized the thorny cross-piece by the projecting nails to which
  Breaca's wrists had been tied, lifting it off the delinquent's bloody shoulders. 
Save for her single cry of anguish in the morning when she had stumbled under
  Rutilius' fierce thrust to crumple under her heavy load , Breaca had borne
  her ordeal with silent fortitude. But when the guards raised the beam and stretched
  her arms, arms whose every nerve and muscle were raw after hours of struggling
  against her Atlantean burden, their roughness drew a frantic, high-pitched
  squeal from her lips. 
So ear-piercing was Breaca's scream that for a moment it seemed to trouble
  one of the guards whose assistance in hoisting the beam aloft had lifted Breaca's
  tortured breasts into even more painful prominence. But when he glanced down
  at her out-thrust breasts as they rose and fell under her laboured breathing,
  and at her crinkly carmine nipples perpetually aquiver from the strain imposed
  on her tortured body, his mounting arousal brushed aside his misgivings as
  quickly as they had arisen. 
Rutilius, too was clearly enjoying Breaca's plight. He stepped lightly behind
  the kneeling beauty, taking care to avoid the pair of entrenched spears whose
  points were aimed at her kidneys. &quot;Open up, wench!&quot; the young guard
  snarled maliciously, as he brandished one of the gags before her face, drawing
  a shudder of revulsion from his victim. 
The beautiful redhead fought to steady her panting breath before opening her
  mouth and baring her teeth so that the crude bit gag could be inserted. &quot;I've
  got something hard for that pretty mouth,&quot; Rutilius muttered with a salacious
  chuckle as he violently forced the wooden, leather-wrapped rod deeply into
  Breaca's mouth, before buckling the straps of the gag tightly behind her head. 
Then, at Byrria's curt signal, the two guards who were holding the cross-piece
  aloft transferred its weight back onto Breaca's upraised arms. Breaca's athletic
  body shuddered under the strain as she tried to keep the ghastly thorns away
  from her ravaged shoulders, but despite her heroic efforts, she could not prevent
  her shoulders from buckling under the beam's weight. 
Taleena could only watch with horror as Breaca's strength gave out and the
  bloody thorn-beam crashed once again on her friend's ravaged shoulders, opening
  a new series of lacerations on the torn skin. Breaca screamed into her gag
  as her upper body swayed and tilted forward under the onerous weight of the
  beam until the soft skin of her belly was attacked by the brace of impaling
  spear heads positioned in front of her. Recoiling in pain, she rocked backward
  only to have that motion stopped by the pressure of the sharp spears that were
  pointed at her kidneys. Finally, after a brief but horrific struggle marked
  by a series of gag-stifled groans, Breaca managed to resume her stiff upright
  posture as fresh streamlets of shoulder-blood began to trickle down her heaving,
  scarlet-smeared breasts. 
&quot;Well done, Rutilius,&quot; Byrria sneered, glaring down tyrannically
  at the bridled Celt who gasped in misery under the oppressive force of her
  yoke. &quot;I don't think this one will interfere with our training any more
  today. Now,&quot; she continued, transferring her attention to Taleena, &quot;why
  don't you deal with the other big-mouth!&quot; 
As Taleena watched the gloating young guard approach her with the smug swagger
  of a bully who knows that his victim is vastly out-numbered, she felt an overpowering
  urge to leap at this disgusting youth who had dared to try to rape her only
  after Byrria's whip had stripped her of her ability to resist. Now, with her
  wooden sword still in hand she was tempted to break his skull open with the
  lead-weighted spatha  and then turn on the Thracian as well. 
&quot;On your knees, slave!&quot; he barked in his odd high-pitched voice. &quot;Where
  a whore like you belongs!&quot; 
&quot;You heard the mighty guard,&quot; Byrria scoffed in her sneering voice,
  her scorn directed at both the recruit and the young guard. &quot;On your knees!
  Or shall we add disobedience to your tally for the day?&quot; 
Taleena's heart raced, and once more her left hand clenched her sword so tightly
  that her fingernails dug into her palm. A volcanic rage had risen within her,
  and for an instant she was on the verge of lunging headlong at the gloating,
  gag-bearing guard, hoping to club him to death before she could be pulled off
  of him. But in the end reason prevailed. Pulled off of him she surely would
  be, and the more successful her assault, the surer would be her path to the
  cross. Even if she managed by some chance&nbsp;to slay him, the Fates, those
  cynical sisters, would probably grant Rutilius a reprieve from his journey
  across the river Styx, so that he could have the pleasure of driving home the
  nails that would fasten her limbs to the cross. Breaca had been right  a hasty
  revenge was a fool's revenge. 
She also tried to tell herself that she was only obeying Byrria's order, not
  submitting to Rutilius' as she lowered herself to her knees as slowly as she
  could. But her attempted self-delusion did little to mitigate her humiliation
  once she knelt in the wet sand in front of the despicable boy guard, nor did
  it soothe the affect of her kneeling posture on the genital-scraping strands
  of chain mail between her legs. 
Rutilius came around behind her and paused for a moment to ogle Taleena's
  shapely backside, which was bare but for the strand of chain mail which had
  been pulled tightly through the tempting cleft of her buttocks, and stray specks
  of sand which clung to the curves of her bottom affectionately. With the cord-straps
  of the bit-gag trailing menacingly from his hand, Rutilius edged forward, positioning
  his body so closely to his kneeling captive that Taleena could feel his thick
  erection pressing against her neck. 
&quot;Open up, slave!&quot; he growled menacingly, but Taleena, still hating
  herself for having to submit to this repulsive young Roman, clenched her jaws
  in reflexive refusal. 
Rutilius answered this misguided attempt at resistance by driving a knee between
  her shoulder blades so viciously that the metal ringlets of her armour tore
  at the pattern of whip-welts on her back and clawed at the laceration on her
  breast. Taleena cried out in pain, and as soon as the scream had pried her
  jaws open, Rutilius forced the gag into her mouth. Taleena retched violently
  as her senses were overpowered by the foul taste of the bit-gag and the smell
  of its putrid leather wrapping. But Rutilius, relenting not at all, forced
  Taleena's head forward and down on her chest, pulling roughly on the cords
  that would bridle the rod behind her slender neck, heedless of the strands
  of entrapped blonde hair which he all but ripped from her scalp in the process. 
Once the gag was securely in place, the spiteful guard placed the toe of his
  sandal into the delicate crevice between her legs again and then kicked forward
  with such force that Taleena was sent sprawling face-forward into the muddy
  sand. There she lay in misery for a moment before she staggered painfully to
  her feet and gave her tormentor a hateful glare. But the young guard merely
  gave the fuming young woman in the grotesque headgear a contemptuous smirk
  in return. 
Byrria, too, was enjoying the Gaul 's most recent humiliation, but the brutal
  gagging of her two recalcitrant charges seemed to have placated her somewhat.
  So it was in an even voice that she gave the order for Taleena and Verica to
  resume their sparring, oblivious to the arrival of the rain which the dark
  clouds had been promising for hours. 
In the short time it took Taleena to rearm herself the chilling rain became
  a torrential downpour, which the westerly wind drove at the recruits in blinding
  horizontal sheets. But before taking arms against Verica once again, the flaxen-haired
  Avernian, still choking on her every breath, turned to take the full brunt
  of the storm against her face and body, as if by defying the elements she could
  somehow shame the gods into taking action against the outrageous injustice
  taking place in the yard. 
As Taleena responded to the wrath of the storm with muffled imprecations,
  an inner voice rebuked her for not having had the courage to attack Rutilius
  when she had had the chance. Had ever anyone deserved death more than this
  cowardly specimen of manhood? Had he not abused her and the other young women
  at every opportunity? The more the voice chastised her, the greater Taleena's
  anger grew, both at herself and at the object of her scorn. 
But in spite of the wrath that raged within her, a second voice, a wiser voice,
  assured her that she had been wise to stay her hand. Surrounded by guards and
  gladiators, the chances of striking down the servile young sentinel had been
  remote at best. And as chilling cascades of rainfall washed over her body,
  a second realization came to her  that the viciousness of Byrria and Rutilius
  had managed to rouse a killer-instinct within her, an instinct which lay dormant
  in every human being. An instinct which, if surrendered to blindly, would destroy
  her, but without which survival in the ring was impossible. 
Until this very moment she had doubted whether she had had it within her to
  kill; but if her two tormentors had done nothing else for her, they had given
  her that resolve. They had taught her how to hate and had given her the courage
  to kill, for it had not been moral restraints that had kept her from striking
  back just now. It had been a cold-blooded clarity of calculation which would
  serve her as well in the ring as her new-found readiness to kill  
* * * 
When Byrria had ordered the two young women to be gagged, Flavius had watched
  in silent rage as Rutilius had responded to her command with odious eagerness.
  The pelting rain did little to cool Flavius' ire, and although he had pulled
  the hood of his military cloak over his head, the wind-driven droplets continued
  to sting his face, each tiny prick increasing the fury of his wrath at the
  two of them. 
He had spoken to Byrria during lunch break, admonishing her that she was allowed
  to test the mettle of the Avernian recruit, but not to mete out unwarranted
  punishments to her, let alone to the Celt. But the Thracian tigress had found
  a way to violate the spirit of his orders while conforming to their letter.
  Goading Verica into thrashing the Gaul in fair combat could certainly be construed
  as appropriate to Taleena's training regimen, and gagging the two women could
  conceivably be rationalized as due punishment for their rebelliousness. Even
  so, the cunning scheme she had devised to have her way bespoke a breach of
  faith on Byrria's part, one which would have to be dealt with. But when and
  where and in what manner? 
Flavius raised his eyes to the portentously black sky for a last time, and
  made up his mind. The downpour was likely to turn into a full-fledged tempest  the
  gods themselves seemed intent on ending this training session before it got
  completely out of hand. And in a way the fortuitous cloudburst provided a good
  excuse for him to order the Celt's release, since no one could possibly misconstrue
  his forthcoming decision as an un-Roman leniency toward insubordinate slaves. 
&quot;Let's call it a day!&quot; the grim manager of the Ludus Flavianus  barked
  down to the yard, straining his voice against the fierce blowing wind. &quot;Let's
  get the equipment stowed away before the storm breaks loose! And have the delinquent
  released from her yoke before Jupiter strikes her down with a bolt of lightning!&quot; 
The guards followed their masters' order and removed the four spearheads that
  had kept Breaca in her agonizing position, and as they released her from her
  Atlantean burden, her tormented body toppled over face first into the muddy
  ground. The freshly inserted gag was removed, and a stretcher was quickly summoned
  to transport her to the infirmary, where Athenodoros and his aides could tend
  to her wounds.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Polybios


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





