BDSM Library - Her




Her
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She takes all he gives her.
       Her
      
	She answered the door and He rushed inside and told her to lock it. He
then grabbed her by the neck and led her roughly upstairs and threw her on the
bed. "Raise your ass, Whore," he barked. She complied and he spread her ass and
got his fingers wet from her already dripping cunt. She was breathing fast and
hard and he laughed out loud knowing she must hold her voice in or risk
punishment. "Your such a fucking slut," he said and he shoved some fingers into
her cunt and just as fast switched holes and fucked them into her tight asshole.
She barked, the only sound she was allowed to make as he fucked her deep and
then took his digits out and left her there.

	He came back and quickly worked his fat cock into her pussy while she
barked loud and he pumped into her hard. He took it out and shoved it into her
ass and she screamed. He laughed as she gripped the bed and yelped and he fucked
her harder. So hard that she thought she was going to break, he was never this
rough with her and she realized she loved it when he took it out on her.

	He pumped into her harder and he came inside. He left the room and came
back to tie her, face up on the bed. He tied her legs back behind her ears and
laughed as he covered her face. He grabbed his bag of tricks and took out the
anal beads. He worked all six of them into her cum-filled hole. He heard her
muffled moaning as he worked a fat dildo into her cunt and barely touched her
clit with a vibrating ball. She started to buck as he just laughed and told her
to bark for him. She barked deep and loud, and he laughed harder. He felt her
cum and he just kept the ball on her and fucked her madly. He heard her weeping
as she kept bucking and he just kept going, fucking her hard and rubbing her
clit with the buzzing ball. She begged for him to stop and he yelled at her to
shut up. She said she had to piss and he screamed at her that if she let it out
that he would severely punish her. She begged and pleaded and he let go of the
dildo and smacked her ass hard. She kept cumming hard from the buzzing ball on
her clit and he pulled the dildo out and held the ball there with one hand as he
untied her with the other. He led her to the bathroom and told her to squat over
a small bucket and piss while he still held the ball on her clit. She did and he
laughed and told her she was a dirty whore.

	He took the ball away and told her to wipe herself and then he grabbed
her by the hair and led her into the bathtub shoving her face into the wall. He
told her to raise her ass to him and he took the bucket and poured the piss onto
her holes and told her to wash herself. She reached down and wiped her sore cunt
with her hand and he turned on the water when the piss was gone. He smacked her
ass and told her to get on all fours. "You have such a dirty cunt," he said as
he squirted soap onto her ass. He rubbed it into her skin and washed her slit
thoroughly. "Keep your head down, slut." She dropped her head as he grabbed the
bottle of soap and worked it into her sore ass hole slowly. He felt her stiffen
and he told her to relax and breathe. She did and he slipped the whole bottle in
to the cap. He pulled it out and laughed as he fucked it back into her, "we have
to get your holes clean for tonight, whore." Just then he took another small
bottle and worked it into her cunt. She moaned and he smacked her ass hard,
"shut up whore, you know better than to use your mouth." He fucked her with the
bottles for a while and as he rinsed her off he told her that she was in for a
surprise that night.

	He dried her off and brushed her hair and tied it into a tight knot at
the bottom of her neck. He told her to go to the bedroom and lie face down on
the floor at the foot of the bed. She did and she heard him rifling through the
closet picking out clothes for her. He came over to her and she felt him put his
hand on her back and run it down to her ass. He saw the gooseflesh run down her
body instantly. He grabbed her ass and squeezed her rump as he told her to get
up. She did and he dressed her in a high collar and a corset that held her tits
out. He had her step into a skirt that barely covered her ass and then had her
put on sexy high heels that made him very hot. He stepped back and told her that
they were going to like me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Subher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





