BDSM Library - Felicity Camp




Felicity Camp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rape of female inmates in the notorious Felicitoy correction camp.
Felicity Camp by SmCyber

**********************************

WARNING: This story contains strong themes of coercion and forced sexual
behavior. It is intended as a work of fiction for ADULTS only, and the writer
does not in any way suggest or condone similar behavior. REPOST freely keeping
this disclaimer & By SmCyber Please let me know if you like it / want more /
have any ideas.

If you enjoy this work, take a moment to e-mail the author.  Your comments are
his only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with
all rights reserved by its author SmCyber unless explicitly indicated.

**********************************

Mary Palmer was being transferred the City Female Correctional Facility (known
locally as Felicity Camp) under the escort of two burly young uniformed guards.

The guard to her left, the elder of the two, was around eighteen years old
heavily scarred tall and slim with a shaved head. The other was a fat lad of
around twenty with a red corpulent face. He sat uncomfortably close her in the
other seat, Mary could smell his bad breath.

Mary squirmed with disgust as his intentions to play with her became apparent,
unable to push him away she had her hands uncomfortably handcuffed behind her.

Casually the fat guard stroked her face and breasts whilst the other guard read 
pornographic SmCyber magazines occasionally squeezing her leg as he pointed out
some particularly  obscene picture to his colleague

 An hour into the drive Mary plucking up courage and complained to her guards
that her restraints were uncomfortable. Angrily she was pushed forward by the
fat guard. With her face against the bench in front, the younger guard next to
her reached behind her back, and pushed down on the ratchet of the handcuffs
with his free hand so that they pinched harder. "When we want another smart arse
comment from you. we will tell you. In the meantime shut-up the fuck up!" he
shouted and pushed Mary roughly back into her seat.

During the remainder of the drive Mary began to learn more about some of the
methods used against the female inmates at the prison. Listening to the excited
animated conversations between the two guards she soon discovered that some of
the pictures in the guards magazines had in fact been taken at the facility she
would be soon incarcerated in.

Mary  had of course read in the local and national press or seen on the Internet
details of the Female Correctional techniques which the new government had
instigated across the country via their vicious regime.

Somehow, she had put this out of her mind,  the fact that her families political
stance could cause her to be detained at the ruling parties pleasure stupidly
ignored.

The physical and sexual abuse rumored to take place within the camps and the
Spartan conditions, the rigorous military style discipline and corporal
punishment were the techniques employed in the new jails had hardly interested
her, but now, to her horror, she was about to experience the new system himself
first hand.

The guards ignoring Mary discussed how they "the initial recruitment" had been
chosen from several others in secure mental hospitals to undergo special
training as elite guards.

This training was seen as an important part of their rehabilitation into what
was soon to be known as the new society. 

To be chosen to work in the new  Female Correctional Facilities men up to the
age of sixty five  years were considered.  Most applicants had  convictions for
rape, indecent assault or documentary evidence of inflicting harsh discipline on
females,

Some had military backgrounds but all enjoyed hurting women. Those lucky enough
to be selected were given further extensive practical training in all aspects of
control, rape, corporal punishment and humiliation of women. Additionally
employees were given access to the vast collection of SM. magazines, videotapes
and DVDs produced by the facility to fund the reeducation program.

Often when a young lad shows exceptional promise a helpful school teacher will
put his name forward for "work experience." in one of the women's prisons,
sometime this was limited to helping in the SM. library but sometimes they are
invited to join in and help with some of the training exercises.

Every vacation all schools  are expected to put forward the names of ten to
fifteen lads for "work experience" at the local female reeducation facility. Not
a pleasant thought for some of the older inmates.

Each camp maintains  a stable of approximately five hundred female prisoners and
expects to recruit and retain staff in the ratio of one male guard to ten female
inmates. Each guard is carefully chosen and trained in the skills they need,
additional help in the guise of volunteers is sought from the local community as
and when it is required.

All guards have rank,  ranging from Apprentice, Trainer, Junior Warden and
Senior Warden, Senior Trainer to that of Chief Warden and the top rank of
Governor.

The Governor does not normally wear the military style black uniform of hat,
jacket with rank bars, leather trousers and knee boots. Instead they often
prefer  business suits.



The role of the Female Correctional Facilities  is to totally break the will of
the female prisoners  and to teach them total obedience to the authority of the
male guards and their guests.

To this end even the lowest of ranks have full  permission under the authority
of the government to exercise whatever punishments they deem fit onto the women
under their control. These controls obviously  includes all forms of physical,
mental and sexual control.

The inmates sentenced to imprisonment have ages ranging  between fifteen and
forty-five.

All have  been sentenced to long jail terms for political offenses that involved 
lack of respect to the government.

Mary will soon be hearing the rules of the facility first hand. The rules laid
down are mentally, physically and sexually demanding. Deliberately numerous,
complex and detailed  to provide a challenge to even the most subservient of the
female inmates. Every rule gives ample scope for the guards to find fault.

For example,

Uniform regulations take up twenty pages of small print,

Sexual availability technique regulations take up forty pages of small print,

Punishment quotas and procedures take up fifty pages of small print.

Every prisoner is expected to know the rule book back to front, and inside out!
The guards of course don't need to swot they have their own personal copies to
refer to ......

For every moment of  every prisoners day, appearance, attitude, posture and
clothing are stipulated down to the smallest detail.

For example although a prisoner may be kept naked, at times when clothed she has
to ensure that she wears  the correct type and color of bra and panties, skirt,
blouse, dress,  bare legs or stockings, footwear Etc.

To further complicate matters each prisoner has her own computer generated
schedule of clothing re-specified weekly, so simply dressing like everyone else
is not an option, concentration on detail is everything.

The guards delivering Mary to the camp are discussing how on their last visit
they had witnessed in the staff hall thirty female prisoners undergoing a group
physical training demonstration on dildo horses.

The thirty girls had  been put through cantering, galloping and walking
exercises whilst impaled wide legged on the modified vaulting horses. Each girl
was  wearing just a simple white push up bra, short white socks with small pink
bows and black court shoes, the guards giggled as they recalled how the sixty
presented breasts bounced in rhythm to the speed  their hips ground upon the
upward pointing dildo's.

A junior trainer  was in charge of the demonstration and was giving the speed
orders, gallop, canter, walk, stop Etc. the thin guard laughed. After only ten
minutes all of the female inmates were groaning with either shame or pleasure,
red faced with humiliation, gasping and sweating heavily, eyes staring blankly
into the auditorium towards their trainer.

He began the demonstration by  working the humiliated girls slowly. The thirty
girls particularly those with larger breasts looked apprehensive. When exercises
were performed in push up bras it was obvious that brassieres were not suitable
for restraining the bouncing breasts for this particular type of lesson!

Some of the girls accommodated the rubber dicks with a stifled grunt and with
great difficulty. This was only their sixth week in training, all the girls were
un-streched and tight and their trainer was watching closely for any sign of
reluctance.

He sat in a chair just a few feet away casually eating his lunch, clipboard
close to  hand to record any slackness. "Mmm, Argh Ohhhh"  squealed the girls
softly through numerous tightly clenched lips. They winced and strained, some
looked at the point of breaking all  in horror all only briefly closing her
eyes. 

Each of the thirty girls concentrated on fucking the rubber dildo provided for
her entertainment atop the vaulting horse, each maintained full eye contact with
the young trainer, the girls saw their trainer  make some brief notes on his
pad, who was he reporting for further punishment?. Every girl knew she would be
severely corrected later in the day for any slackness or reluctance to perform
fully, but at the moment, it was all she could do simply to try harder to
maintain a regular fucking motion and control her inevitable orgasm. The girls
all new comers hoped that in light of the circumstances, their coach would be
lenient with them. After all, this was their first truly public performance, and
this act of public masturbation was much harder than those required of them
earlier in private.

The girls continued to stifle groans as the thick large rubber cock heads
hammered against thirty cervixes, each dildo was almost two inch diameter each
knobby shaft filling its tight young recipient  completely.

Many a  lower lip quivered, some dribbled as mouths fell open in silent gasps.
All girls tried desperately to maintain eye contact with her trainer, legs
astride balancing on high heels. Their hips thrust downward in tempo with the
other girls. Then together each young lady pulled back leaving just the knob
gripped gently by moist labia lips for all to see, before again crushing down
against the top of her vaulting horse over and over, again and again.

All of the impaled riders were at most eighteen years old, all are currently
engaged in a detailed program of sexual conditioning.

How these thirty 'particular' girls came to be here in the staff hall and at the
mercy of a depraved government  is a long story indeed.

"Mmph, Eiiii Arghhh Ohhhhhhhhh" the young, teenagers huffed through their noses
as they  clutched the back of their necks fingers interlocking underneath and
where necessary holding up their hair.

The girls were mostly doing well today. Obedience has been drilled through
corporal punishment  into their psyche repeatedly over the past few weeks,
although three or for were letting the side down and often lost the rhythm they
will be dealt with later.

The young girls arched their backs and continued to grind like snakes at the
speed dictated by the young guard. Each girl trying to remember what she had
seen in the many pornographic video tapes and photographs they had been made to
study recently, hoping that perhaps if she did well in this masturbating
exercise her guard  might go easy on her when it came time for retribution.

Each  girl  for all her worth rammed onto her "rubber lover" over and over 
again. Some thought their insides would split open. Fortunately for them all had
quickly  "juiced up", and  the target  communal orgasm after forty five minutes
was met by most of the riders. Those who 'arrived' early or late at their
orgasms will be severely beaten.

Giddy up ! Giddy up !

If the prisoners couldn't follow those simple instructions what could they
follow? the fat guard added with a giggle.

Arrogant bitches snarled the other!

Turning back to Mary the guards renewed their mauling, "I suppose you will get
your own private room or something?" "You must be joking " replied the other
guard.

"She was charged with is a serious political offense, she can expect a good
public thrashing every day for the first six weeks, I guess  with a strap across
her naked bum"

"Good !" he retorted with a smile "Shit happens when she commits another offense
against the rules?"

 "What do they mean by offense?" asked the other.

"From what I've been seen the facility has an ascending scale of punishments
that include informal thrashings with the cane to I suppose a two hour session
on the mechanical whip machine, which is regarded there as pretty tame."

About two hours from starting out, the prison van  pulled into a motorway
service area for a comfort break, both young guards are now feeling very
excited.

Mary's guards had planned, as is  'custom and practice' to enjoy their comfort
break and not to let "This tasty piece of cargo" arrive without a sound fucking.

The guards popped their electric batons back in to their belt loops, placed back
on their heads their uniform hats and led the frightened handcuffed prisoner
past the shop area and past a 'bus load of knowing jeering schoolboys to the
male toilet rest room area. 

With a cubicle door held widely open they found it could easily accommodate the
three of them. "Piss Time", said the younger of the two guards.

He roughly turned Mary to face the door, drew his baton out of the loop on his 
belt and pressed it firmly across the back of her neck forcing her face against
the white wall tiles. She felt the hem of her skirt being raised and then  her
panties being lowered, soon followed by  the instruction to squat!  as soon as
her buttocks reached the seat its coldness triggered her bladder and she blushed
as heard her wee wee tinkle into the water below.

Eyes tightly clenched she heard  the sound of the toilet paper dispenser being
pulled, then after being commanded to stand felt a none to gentle male hand pat
her dry.

Returning to the washbasins, she had no idea how much longer the drive would
take or what was about to happen. The ginning men watching reinforced her
helplessness and her fear of the future.

 "Ppplease Sir" she stuttered. "May I have my restraints removed?". "For heavens
sake girl can't you take a telling ?" said the fat guard poking her in the back
of the neck with the end of his baton. "Better not risk it" commented the other
guard. "We certainly don't want her getting familiar with us.... have you got
the rubbers ?" The other guard searched in his security box and handed over a
pack of  black ribbed condoms to his companion.

"Stand still, and don't you dare move" he said. With one guard holding her
handcuffed arms high in the air forcing her to bend over the other unzipped his
flies undid his belt and pushed his trousers down to his knees. To the cheers of
the men in the toilets he pushed his pants down and casually caught hold of his
penis and pumped it fully to erection.. After slipping on the rubber he used
both hands, one holding his knob, the other round his testicles to savagely
shove his dick tip fully into the prisoners vagina. "Get on with it " encouraged 
the other guard said.  To the jeers and wolf whistles the fat guard  proceeded
to slowly rape Mary .

Blushing scarlet, Mary screamed, twisted, cried and beged for help but the
relentless rape simply continued, every time she moved her arms were raised and
the pain increased.

Throughout her rape Mary could hear her rapist discussing with his audience how
she felt.

Eventually he finished with her. Holding her face up he showed her the used
condom.

"Soon, very soon, you will be checked for infection then you wont be seeing any
more of these for a while!" he grinned, "only raw dicks and  punishment condoms
for you young lady!"

He pulled up his pants and slid up his trousers. When his belt and flies had
been fastened the guards changed places.

Holding Mary whilst he colleague had his turn with her, the guard continued his
conversation with the watching men. The fatter guard, soon relieved himself
inside Mary and offered to collect food for the rest of the journey.

A number of men who had been watching the rapes exchanged pleasantries with the
guards and had a quick free feel up between Mary's legs.

The guards let everyone have a good feel of Mary before they pulled up her
panties.

Mary weeping loudly was  then pulled her over to the disabled rails around the
toilet and was handcuffed to the lower rail, leaving her sobbing, raped and half
standing to take the strain off her sore wrists

Watching his departing colleague the thin guard calmly proceeded to use the
toilet, Mary for all the world was merely a pet dog chained to the rail waiting
for her master.

With satisfied grins, batons swinging triumphantly and metallic equipment
rattling on their belts the guards frog marched Mary back to the prison van,
each holding one arm up just below the elbow in a fierce uncomfortable grip.

Schoolboys on a departing bus looked on as the prisoner was bundled into the van
and dreamed of growing up! Each lad knowing what had happened and what was going
to happen to this girl when she was delivered to the camp.

As they settled in the back of the van Mary failed to move fully to her side of
the rear seat. The fat guard calmly drew his baton and rapped her twice hard
across the knees. "Move it bitch, its bad enough having to condom fuck scum like
you without having you invading my space!".

Mary still doesn't know the full extent of the horrors which await her at
Felicity, but she soon will!

With cunt, knees and wrists throbbing painfully, Mary's onward journey to the
Female Correctional Facility continues.

By SmCyber




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SmCyber


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





