BDSM Library - Uniform Fetish With a Twist




Uniform Fetish With a Twist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happens when a little slave whore walks home from work, turned on and deep in one of her fantasies. Just about anything can happen and if you happen to like bondage, men in uniforms and have a desire for being used and a cop happens to stop, well you have to read the rest.
Uniform Fetish With a Twist



It was hot and sticky outside as I stepped out of the front door of my
workplace. My white blouse was quickly plastering itself to my chest, showing
the outlines of my Tits as well as my pierced and forever pebble hard, tootsie
roll nipples. They are nice and large and always peeking out to say hello,
begging for attention. My nipples are very sensitive and the right handling can
make me cum without any other stimulation.

Since I don't wear bras they always get to rub up against something.

No exception that day either, they were their naughty selves and pushing little
tents into my white blouse.  I don't mind, I love to show off.



My skirt was black and at a respectable office length, but you could see that I
wore nothing underneath. Easy access for the right hands, mouth or cocks.



I was wet and not just from sweating either. I was starting to wonder if anyone
could smell my arousal.  My pussy was positively screaming: come and fuck me!



Well standing her wasn't going to get me home and so I started heading down the
road. My bike had a flat again and since I don't own a car I walked.

I am not a tiny or skinny girl, but I do have a natural hourglass figure. My
hips are just right to grab a hold on and use as leverage while going for a wild
ride in my amusement park.  My tits are just averagely large, a C cup, but they
do bounce and jiggle nicely and invite quiet a few looks. I don't have a problem
either pushing them around a wonderfully stiff cock or lifting them up to my
mouth for a little self stimulation with my tongue. Needless to say, I do draw
attention and quiet a few man and woman get an eyeful and for their one-handed
exercises.



I was halfway to my house when a car pulled over right next to me. It isn't my
habit to pay to much attention to such a thing. Hey I am a horny slut and always
ready for a hard cock to take its place in me, but I am not suicidal.  I turned
to give the guy a nice "thanks but no thanks" when I noticed it was a cop car.

"Ok, what did I do wrong?" raced through my mind. Had I unwittingly walked down
the street with my skirt up in the back and showing more of my nice round ass
then I intended?



"Where are you going Miss?" the cop asked all business, no nonsense.

I gave him my destination, no good being rude to the law.

"Get in the car, its too hot to walk!" with that he pushed the passenger side
open.

I looked surprised I guess, because he flashed me a lopsided grin.

Well, I wasn't going to argue, it was hot and I always had a thing for guys in
Uniforms.

I got in and buckled up. The seatbelt tightened my blouse even more over my tits
and my globes tried to break free.

He reached over and locked the door, but not without "accidentally" brushing his
hands against my nips.

"Are they registered?" he grinned.

"No!" I joked back, "but they do need to be under constant surveillance."

We both laughed and he drove off.

When we came to my turn in the street he just kept going.

"You missed your turn back there!" I said a little nervously.

He looked at me with steely eyes and answered with a voice suddenly gone darker.

"No, I didn't and I don't have any intensions in missing my turn."

Without another Word he grabbed the front of my blouse and tore it open.

I gasped; the sudden movement had taken me off guard. My breath was coming in
short gasps. My tits spilled out of the torn fabric and he needed no other
invitation. Taking one hand from the steering wheel he cupped, grabbed and
pinched my tits and nipples. I tried to pretend to not want this, but my body
betrayed me. I started moaning as he slowly pulled my nipples out as far as they
would go.

I didn't pay attention to where we had gone, but I noticed that we had stopped
in a deserted stretch of road, somewhere on the outskirts of Town. He let go off
me, got out of the car and came around the front. The door was unlocked (when
and where did that happen) and he swung it open.

Reaching over he undid my seatbelt and fastened his mouth to my tit at the same
time. He suckled my nipple hungry and I cried out my wonton need.

Letting go of my tit and leaving me wanting, he straightened up and undid his
pants. Opening it just enough to pull his hard cock out.



"Suck my cock you fucking slut, "he ordered not once assuming I would disobey. I
couldn't believe myself, but looking at his cock and the drop of pre-cum on it
had me jumping to do his bidding.  I licked the drop of nectar of and savored
its saltiness. Soon I pushed my pursed lips over his mushroom head, down his
shaft until my throat clenched and I could feel my gag reflexes setting in. I
sucked with all my might and would have done the Vacuum cleaner proud whose
namesake I am. I licked, sucked and slurped as if my life depended on it. I
couldn't get enough of this dick in my mouth and I made it clear with every
vibrating moan and gurgle as over and over I forced my mouth as far as I get it
down his stiffy.

I was rewarded with his labored breathing and the barely restrained passion in
his voice as he ordered me to stop.  Leaning down, he grabbed a handful of hair
and dragged me out of the car by it.

Pushing me up against the Car he kicked my legs apart.

'Spread them!"

I did and my skirt was no more. It was somewhere on the floor and my rounded ass
was out in the open. I was so fucking turned on and wet my juices were running
down my legs. He didn't miss a beat this cop and reached for the evidence of my
shameful lust.

Running his hand up between my slippery thighs he didn't have to search long
until he hit on my big swollen, dripping wet cunt. Niagara Falls was a mud hole
compared to me.

"Now what do we have here?" he asked laughingly as he pushed his cock up against
my clit. I shuddered, needed to get fucked. Needed release, but the fiend was
only teasing me by sliding his cock staff anywhere but into me.  I wanted to
cry, to scream, I was so frustrated.

"Fuck me already!" I screamed, betting that the closest neighbor 5 miles down
the road had heard my very unlady like request. If was planning on rape, he
might find himself the one raped.

He only laughed at me.



I heard a snap and slight pulling of something and then a slide, click. I was
wondering if my mind was falling to pieces with sexual desire and need, or what
all of this rattling was about. I didn't need to wait very long.



A nightstick. He held it out for me to see and then "Whack!"Pain unlike any
other exploded on my ass as he used the nightstick like a cane. I was pressed
against the door, clawing the roof to keep my stance and gasping in pain. He
hadn't exerted much strength I knew that, but the object was wicked and I felt
as if I had a permanent dent in my ass. Once more the strike came and I screamed
in agony. Tears springing into my eyes and I wanted to faint.

"One more bitch!" and I didn't even have time to protest or plead for mercy. The
hit came and only his hands around my waist kept me from falling. Tears were
rolling freely down my face. My ass was on fire and I knew I would be black and
blue for weeks.

"Nice", he almost purred into my ears as he fondled his handy-work, sending more
explosions of pain through my weak kneed body. Just when I thought I could take
no more my attention was abruptly shifted and the   punishing stick was pushed
as far as it would go into my slopping wet hole. My cunt made the most
embarrassing slopping noises as he fucked my nasty twat hard and deep with his
nightstick while never once stopping to stroke my brutalized rear. I couldn't
hold back and with a shudder and scream I came hard all over the Nightstick. I
came so hard I almost couldn't breath and had to remind myself that I needed
air.  My cum was literally squirting out of me.

Cum was dripping and coating the stick.

"Now look what a mess you made!" He had pulled the stick out of me and pushed it
to my lips, forcing my face against it like a Master would his puppy when it had
disgraced itself on the carpet.

He stepped back and wrenched the back door open, grabbing the same fistful of
hair again and turned me around to face him. Looking deeply into my eyes he
forced my head back until my scalp screamed from the pulling.

"Move whore." He dragged me around the car door and pushed me down on the
backseat.

I was facing up and my poor ass was feeling every bruise.  But that was not the
only reason he had me like that. Oh no he knew exactly what he was doing.
Looking up I was looking at a cage driving the point clearly across that I was
nothing more then his captive animal. Not even human anymore.



He had my wrists cuffed above my head to the door in short order and my legs up
and apart were shackled to the back window on one side and the divider on the
other. That left me raised just enough to give open exposure to either hole of
his choice. My cum was dripping down my cunt and into my asscrack, leaving me
well lubricated. 

Pushing himself over me he rammed his hard cock into my hot cum-deposit box,
fucking me hard and without mercy. Using my tits as handles to find a home
inside my womb. I screamed in orgasm after orgasm under his assault.

Sweat was dripping from both of us and I was exuberant in knowing, hearing and
seeing that he was just as rampantly gone with lust as I was. My ass was lubed,
there was no other way of saying it and he took the last hole untried.

Rapping my willing and clutching asshole and giving me a dicking from hell he
growled his release at me as his cum exploded deeply into my ass.

Falling down onto me he almost crushed me with his weight. His cock was still
pulsing inside my stretched asshole. Rocking up against him my clit one more
time did its thing and as his mouth, found my nipple once more I exploded deep
inside.



"Miss, miss!" I looked up startled and directly into a pair of concerned eyes.

"You have been standing here for a long time without moving and moaning as if in
pain.  Are you ok?"

This was too much for me and I started giggling almost hysterically as I felt
the cum dripping down my legs.

"Just a little sidetracked in my mind officer. I am fine! Thank you so!"

I blew him a kiss and watched him shake his head in surprise and bafflement as I
rushed away.

If he had only known.









(c) slave eva     September 24, 2003    Erotic Artisan Designs




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave eva


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





