BDSM Library - The Crypt




The Crypt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A schoolgirl, attempting to hide from an attacker, hides in an ancinct crypt.  There she uncovers a female vampire who places her in bondage and proceeds to turn her into a disciple, against the girl's wishes.
The Crypt

Chapter 1

  Normally Julie would never take the shortcut home.  Walking through the old
cemetery, with it's numerous trees and countless shadows gave her the creeps.
But today she decided to risk it.  She had noticed a strange man drive by her
several times as she was on her way home from school.  As the man drove by for
the third time Julie knew she had to act.  There was no one else around to go to
for help, so she decided to hop over the fence and walk through the forbidding
cemetery.  Maybe now the creep would give up.

She was now beginning to regret what she had picked out to wear in the morning. 
She was well aware that she was one of the most sought after girls in her high
school, by both guys and girls alike.  Did she really need to add fuel to the
fire by wearing her white blouse with her red plaid skirt and white stockings. 
Julie knew that this drove the boys wild and made most of the other girls
extremely jealous.  Best of all, she knew her male teachers barely cared if she
cracked a book.  They always seemed to pass her with straight "A's".  Playing
the tease had its advantages!

Most of the time anyway, but today she had attracted too much attention.  Julie
heard a car door close behind her and felt her heart skip a beat.  Making a run
for it, in these pumps, was out of the question. So instead, she looked around
for places to hide.  There were plenty.  The old cemetery had dozens and dozens
of old, above ground tombs, many where entire families had been laid to rest
ages ago.  With footsteps approaching from behind her, Julie knew she had to act
fast, who would hear her if she screamed out here?  At last she found a tomb
with a loose door.  She pushed the heavy wooden door open and closed it behind
her.  Her heart was still racing as the man circled back and forth in front of
her.  After 20 minutes or so, Julie felt sure that he was gone and decided to
open the door and go back to the school and get help.  There was only one
problem: the door wouldn't open.

Now Julie was becoming panicky. It was getting late and the tomb was growing
darker. She was especially afraid of the ominous long black casket in the middle
of the room.  Why was there only one in a room so large?  Julie tried to open
the door one more time.  But again it wouldn't budge.  She looked over shoulder
at the coffin again.  As much as she afraid to open it, maybe there was
something in there that would help her get the door back open.  So she pulled a
tiny flashlight out of her backpack and hesitantly walked over to the black
casket. It looked very old, but somewhat remarkably it remained in good
condition.  Julie bit her lip and gently began to slide open the top.  It was
too late now, but little did she realize that what lay inside was 1000 times
more frightening then anything the strange man would have done to her.




Chapter 2

Instead of seeing what she thought would be a skeleton, Julie nearly feinted at
what was inside. Lying down peacefully was a beautiful young woman, dressed in
black, with long dark hair.  Before Julie even had a chance to re-act, the woman
opened her eyes and then proceeded to seize her right hand.  She grabbed it with
cat like reflexes and held tight with a vice like grip, causing the flashlight
to drop.  Julie screamed at the top of her lungs as the dark haired woman arose
from the coffin and grabbed Julie's other hand and forced them both behind her
back.  Julie had never felt anything this powerful before.  In another instant
metal shackles, taken from inside the coffin, were securely clamped onto her
wrists.  Moments later the large stone platform that the coffin rested on began
to slide backward, revealing a staircase that descended into total blackness. 
Julie attempted to run again for the door, but it was of no use.  The woman had
incredible strength and she was able to force Julie down the stairs with only
one hand. Once at the bottom the woman clapped her hands twice.  This caused the
stone table to slide back over the stairway, preventing any escape attempt. 
Perhaps even more ominously, torches immediately lit, illuminating what appeared
to be a medieval torture chamber!  What the hell had Julie have gotten herself
into?

The woman led Julie over to what she thought was an old fashioned stockade, she
had seen something like this in one of her history books.  The dark haired
beauty ignored all pleas and questions and forced Julie onto her knees first and
then finally her back.  Next she took Julie's outstretched legs and placed them
into the stocks.  This placed her legs directly above her head, and prevented
them from being closed.  The woman unlocked the shackles binding Julie's hands,
but only for a moment.  Her arms were quickly placed in a similar device above
her head and the top part of the stocks were lowered, locking them firmly into
place.

Julie was now completely immobilized.  She began to yell and scream and
eventually cry.  But the woman ignored her.  Julie surmised that she was no
older then 30 and was strikingly beautiful. Maybe in another time she would have
submitted to this woman willingly.  Now she had no choice.

 Next, the woman pushed aside a loose stone in the dungeon and grabbed a wooden
tray. On it was a number of jars and bottles, as well as a large ornate silver
bowl.  She opened the lid on one container, and poured a white powder into the
bowl.  Next she added a jar full of water.  Julie could feel her heart pound as
the woman began to stir the mixture with an old wooded spoon.  Whatever was in
the bowl was getting thicker.

"What do you want?  What are you going to do to me?"

The woman paid no attention to the girl; she went on mixing the contents of the
bowl and proceeded to add a dash or two here and there of some odd colored
potions.  Satisfied, she put the bowl down and approached Julie.  The young girl
recoiled and again attempted to get free, but it was of no use.  She was
completely at the mercy of the older woman.

"Allow me to introduce myself", the woman broke her silence.  "My name is
Countess Alexis and I am about to become your eternal master!"

"What the hell are you talking about you crazy bitch, I demand you let me go
this instant!!!", screamed Julie.

"You are in no position to make demands my dear.  Unfortunately for you, you
chose the wrong place to be snooping around.  And now you are about to learn the
price of such indiscretions."

"I didn't mean to come in here..."

"Silence, I am tired of your whining."  Alexis then rubbed her hand over Julie's
mouth.  The girl now was unable to utter a single sound.  What kind of powers
did she have? Julie wondered.


Without further hesitation, Alexis began to slide Julie's skirt above her waist,
revealing her white lace panties.  The woman ominously licked her lips and then
slowly began to rub Julie's mound.  As much as the pretty Co-ed tried to fight
it, she was starting to become aroused.  Satisfied, the older woman lifted the
girl's panties up Julie's outstretched legs and away from her tender young cunt. 
With a flick of the wrist she cut the panties away leaving Julie completely
exposed.

 The poor girl could only look on in horror as the evil woman walked over to the
table and grabbed the silver bowl.  With a small brush she began to gently
spread the wet, creamy mixture onto Julie's pussy.  The cream was extremely
cold, but there was nothing Julie could do about it as Alexis brushed coat after
coat on, completely covering the snatch.  Julie's teeth started to chatter
uncontrollably, so the woman inserted a bit gag into her mouth to restore the
silence.

"I know it is very cold my dear, but luckily this will only have to be done one
time.   We must wait for the cream to do its work.  It is an old recipe that has
been used by my people for hundreds of years.  It will prevent hair from ever
growing there again.  It does not seem like it now, but you will soon grow to
appreciate the joys of having a permanently shaved pussy."

Alexis then began to go through Julie's backpack. Seeing her school ID, Alexis
began to realize how lucky she was to have such a beautiful young girl as her
first conversion. 

Next she fastened a waist belt around Julie's mid-section, to further restrict
her movement.  With great anticipation she slowly began unbuttoning Julie's
white blouse.  Next she unhooked her bra, revealing the eighteen year olds firm,
ripe tits.  Alexis gently kissed each nipple and then wiped away a tear from
Julie's left eye.  The woman was not unsympathetic to the young girl's plight. 
She too had been in a similar position many, many years ago.  Her ordeal had
also been terrifying.  But as she looked back, it had all been worth it, if only
for this moment.  Alexis had been brought to this country for one reason, to
start a secret cult of lesbian vampires.  And she would start with this one!

It was now time to begin.  Alexis reached for a straight edge razor and urged
Julie to remain very, very still.  She then began to shave away the young girl's
pubic hair.  Julie was actually relieved that the ice cold cream was at last
coming off.  The older woman was very thorough and made sure the cunt was
completely bald.  Satisfied, she began to gently massage Julie's pussy again. 
Moments later soft groans could be heard through the gag the blonde at last
began to relax.

"Julie you are ready now, it is now time for you to take the next step.  You are
about to join me in immortality.  You have been chosen by me to assist in
building a cult of lesbian vampires!!  These women will be used for our
exclusive pleasure.  I will grant you extraordinary powers to help me.  But
first you must submit to me."

Julie thought this woman was a nut, insane.  What the hell is going on? She
thought.  She made one last attempt to shake free of her bindings, but again it
was useless.  Alexis turned away for a moment and grabbed a jar filled with a
honey like substance.  She began to drip it on Julie's newly shorn twat.  It was
warm and started to seep between her pussy lips.  Alexis could not hold back any
longer, she had waited for what seemed like an eternity to taste another woman's
cunt.  She knelt down between Julie's legs, and before lowering her head; she
bared her fangs, which were over 2 inches long.  Where had they come from? Julie
wondered.  Was this crazy woman truly a vampire?

That was her last thought as a mere mortal, Alexis pushed her mouth down and
sank her teeth into Julie's beautifully shaved pussy.  The young blonde recoiled
and buckled violently, as much as the restraints would allow.  But it was of no
use; Alexis kept her mouth attached to Julie's twat.  The pain was excruciating,
1000 times worse then anything she could ever imagine.  Julie thrust her hips in
the air as far as she could in a frantic attempt to dislodge Alexis' mouth, but
the waist belt stopped her and the vampire continued to hold firm.  Alexis then
began to slide her tongue into Julie's hole.  The farther in it went, the more
it helped to relieve the pain, even as the fangs were still in her.  Amazingly,
Julie now started to feel her cunt getting excited and wet as Alexis expertly
probed her burning hole were her enormous tongue.  Minutes later, as Alexis at
last pulled away; she flicked her clit with her tongue, causing the most intense
orgasm of her young life.  The young beauty was in a state of complete shock. 
In a span of minutes she had gone from the most intense, agonizing pain she had
ever felt to the strongest orgasm imaginable.

As Alexis pulled her head from between Julie's legs, she had never felt so
powerful.  Her first conversion.    Her mission, which began a hundred years
before, was only now starting to bear fruit. Looking over at Julie, she saw the
glassy eyed stare of a girl whose life had just been turned upside down.
She went over to kiss her as Julie slowly closed her eyes and drifted off into a
deep, dark sleep.



                   TO BE CONTINUED




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jlou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





