BDSM Library - Angie's Humiliation




Angie's Humiliation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Angie submits to a semi public punishment and endures a night of discomfort.Angie's Humiliation  
 By: Michael Alexander  
 m_alexander911@hotmail.com  
A cool night breeze blew gently, ruffling Angie's
  long dark hair as she walked across the sun baked parking lot. Despite the
  sinking of the flaming sun a few hours before, the sticky asphalt still radiated
  the extreme heat it had collected throughout the day. Angie could feel the
  waves against her bare legs and then right up the short black skirt that was
  wrapped around her hips. She paused as she stepped up onto the walkway that
  led to the restaurant door and looked around nervously. A single parking lot
  light was on, shrouding the rest of the restaurant exterior in darkness.  
 Angie looked through the windows of the building. The dining area was dark,
  but that was to be expected this late. The restaurant had already closed. She
  was here to pick up her best friend Kathy who was assisting the shift manager
  to close the store. Angie thought she saw some movement behind the counter,
  deep in the kitchen despite the abandoned look of the place.  
 Angie didn't really want to go in. When Kathy had called and told her what
  to wear that evening, Angie had hesitated. Of course, as usual she had eventually
  capitulated, putting on the short black skirt and red halter top. Angie had
  even given in on some of the other requirements, though not all. And that was
  what had Angie worried.  
 She opened her small purse and saw the three red colored latex balls sitting
  there. They were connected with a thin but solid strand of string, making a
  brace of golf ball sized, crimson pearls. She glanced around the parking lot
  to see if anyone was watching her, but she couldn't bring herself to pull them
  out. She closed her purse. "Maybe Kathy won't notice" Angie told herself.  
 She turned back toward the door and saw her friend swinging a mop around.
  Kathy's long blonde hair was tied in a single ponytail that stuck out through
  the back of a maroon hat. Angie sighed softly. No matter how hard she tried
  she would never look as pretty as Kat. Angie's skin was dusky; White porcelain
  to over baked terra cotta. Angie's dark chocolate hair was thick and shiny,
  but secretly she envied the blonde straight hair Kat tied back each day. Kat
  said Angie was just as beautiful, but Angie knew that blondes really do have
  more fun.  
 Angie rapped on the window and saw Kat emerge from behind the counter. Kathy
  smiled and waved at her, putting down the mop she was swinging. The uniformed
  girl stood the mop against the counter and quickly walked to the door, unlatching
  it and letting her friend in.  
"Hey girl. You look great." Kat said as
    Angie stepped through the door. 
"Thanks. You almost done?" Angie asked.   
 Kat grimaced. "Jason's working me harder than normal but I should be done
  in the next ten minutes. Come on over to the counter. We can talk while I finish
  mopping." Kat motioned Angie to follow her.  
 Angie navigated her way through the tables and stacked chairs, her high
  heeled sandals seeming to echo loudly in the still dining area. She tried to
  walk slowly, a few feet behind Kat, as they approached the counter. Kat turned
  and looked at her, a frown upon her face. She stopped and waited for Angie.  
 "You're being a bad girl aren't you?" Kat said softly. Her right hand went
  around Angie's waist and pulled her close.  
 Angie's eyes filled with tears. "I'm sorry Kat, I just couldn't. Please&hellip;"  
 Kat's hand slid down over Angie's bottom. "Just couldn't? Oh no, girl. You're
  going to pay for it. You know what happens when you disobey me." Kat replied,
  a touch of mischievousness in her voice.  
 Kat pulled Angie forward and through the employee walkway around the counter
  and into the serving area. Angie resisted slightly, never expecting to find
  herself in the kitchen of the restaurant. A metal counter stood between the
  grills and food preparation area and the cashier stations where she now stood.
  Soda machines and a large warming plate stood on the counter.  
 "Hey Jason!" said Kathy. "I want you to meet my best friend, Angie."  
 Angie saw a face appear from a back storage room. Jason was dressed in his
  maroon uniform shirt and hat and he wore a nametag that declared him a shift
  manager. His apron was splattered with ketchup and other condiments, but he
  was smiling. Angie realized how attractive he was and she felt a sudden tingling.  
 Kat was still holding Angie's hand as Jason approached the counter, looking
  over it.  
 "Nice to meet you." He said, smiling warmly. He extended his hand over the
  counter.  
 Angie smiled. "Yeah, nice to meet you." She reached over the warmer plate
  and shook his hand. She was a little shocked when she felt the heat streaming
  up from it.  
 Jason seemed embarrassed. "Oh, sorry about that. We turned if off already,
  but it stays warm for a long time. Can't burn you though, see?" He placed the
  palm of his hand on the warm surface. "Just very warm. " He held is hand down
  on the plate for a couple seconds. When he pulled his hand up Angie could see
  that it was a light pink.  
 Kat laughed. "Angie doesn't mind." She looked at Angie. "Do you?"  
 Angie shook her head. "Um&hellip;no."  
 Kathy turned back to Jason. "Angie's been bad."  
 "Oh please, Kat no&hellip;"  
 Jason looked confused. Kathy nodded, smiling.  
 "I don't understand." Jason replied.  
 Kat looked at Angie and ran her fingers through the dark cascade of hair.  
 "Angie was supposed to wear something tonight when she picked me up and
  she isn't wearing it." Kat told Jason.  
 "Please&hellip;please Kat, don't&hellip; not here. Please&hellip;" Angie
  begged, turning to Kathy. Kathy ignored her.  
 "Want to see her tits?" Kathy suddenly asked Jason.  
 Jason's eyes popped open in shock. "Huh?"  
 Kathy giggled. "Do you want to see her breasts, Jason?" She repeated.  
 Jason's mouth opened and closed a few times. "Well&hellip;I&hellip;um&hellip;" He
  floundered.  
 Kat turned to Angie. "Lift your shirt." She ordered.  
 Angie's eyes were overflowing with tears and she looked at Kat, begging
  silently. Kat's eyes merely narrowed. Angie's face fell with acceptance and
  she took hold of her halter top with both hands and raised it upward. Her pierced
  navel had already been exposed and she kept her eyes downcast as the halter
  top cleared the swell of her breasts, baring the large nipples. She left the
  top bunched around her neck, dropping her hands back down to her sides.  
 "Oh my God." Jason muttered, watching in rapture. Angie saw his hand reach
  down to his pants and straighten his thickening cock through the cloth.  
 Kat raised her hand and flicked one of Angie's nipples. Angie jerked with
  the sudden sensation and Kat laughed. "Oh yes, she's been bad." Kat's eyes
  narrowed. "Did you even bring them?" She asked.  
 Angie nodded. "They're in my purse." She said.  
 Kat took hold of Angie purse, pulling it from Angie's shoulder. Kat opened
  it quickly and removed the latex balls. They jingled and rang as she put purse
  down on the counter behind her.  
 Jason looked even more confused but he stood riveted. "What are those?" He
  asked.  
 Kat smiled at him. "Vibroballs. They shake and ring when you walk." She
  shook them a little and all three of them could hear the little clappers inside
  ringing. "It's pure torture for a girl." She turned to Angie. "But you've been
  bad. I think you deserve a spanking." Angie opened her mouth to protest but
  Kat shook her head. "A severe spanking."  
 Kat pushed her forward until her thighs hit the counter that held the warming
  plate. She turned to Jason. "You can help." Jason's eyes popped open even wider.  
 "Angie, give your hands to Jason. Jason, you grab her wrists and pull. Don't
  let go." Kat ordered.  
 Angie nodded and reached both hands forward over the hot plate, feeling
  the heat bathe her arms. Jason gulped and took hold of her wrists pulling her
  slightly forward. Angie breasts dangled and her cheeks felt the wash of heat.  
 "No no Jason. Pull her forward." Kathy said, pushing Angie forward and down.  
 Angie squirmed as her chest moved out over the hotplate and Kathy pushed
  down hard upon her back. Suddenly Angie gasped as her nipples made contact
  with the warm metal. She tried to jerk back up but Kathy was holding her down.  
 "Now hold her tight Jason. I don't want her to be able to get off the plate,
  okay?" Kathy said to the boy.  
 Angie felt Jason's grip on her wrists tighten and she was acutely aware
  of the quick excited breaths the shift manager was making. Her breasts felt
  like they had been encased in a bra hot from the dryer, except instead of the
  pleasant and quickly suffusing heat she felt the still intense warmth of the
  hot plate.  
 Suddenly she felt a cold draft across her bottom and she realized that Kathy
  had flipped up her skirt. She shifted as Kat drew fingernails across the flesh
  and Angie shivered. Kat pushed against her leg.  
 "Spread them, Angie." Kat ordered.  
 Angie spread her legs wide apart, hoping this would please Kat and get her
  to let her up from the hot plate. Angie looked up at Jason, who was watching
  intently, as Kat picked up the vibroballs, jiggling them lightly.  
 "Next time I tell you to wear these to pick me up, you better." Kat said.  
 Angie nodded. Suddenly she felt the round hardness of the ball against the
  wet petals of her sex. Kat twirled the ball around, coating it with a clear
  cream, and then pushed, letting it enter her with a pop.  
Angie gasped as it went in. The second ball was pulled hard against her sex
  and Kat repeated the process. As the third ball finally entered, Angie groaned
  loudly. Kat smacked her smartly on the ass.  
 "There you go sweetheart. All ready for your spanking?"  
 Tears poured down Angie's cheeks. "Yes, please." She said.  
 Kat pulled her hand back and brought it down hard against Angie's bottom.  
 "OWWwwwwww" Angie cried out, her whole body jerking forward, dragging her
  breasts along the hotplate. Jason gripped her wrists and pulled forward and
  down.  
 Kat swung again and this time all three of them heard the ringing sound
  of the vibroballs as Angie's hips recoiled from the slap. She cried out again,
  her voice a soft counterpoint to the ringing. Kat began spanking Angie in earnest,
  each blow sending her flesh rippling. Angie moaned as Kathy swung lower, sending
  fingers stinging along the lips of Angie's sex.  
 Then the moaning began. Angie's body rocked in time with the blows and Jason
  watched in amazement as the girl's short gasps gave way to little cries of
  pleasure. As Kat rained stinging spanks down up her bottom, Angie began to
  orgasm, giving way from a small wave of pleasure that built upward until it
  was a great roaring tsunami that rushed upward from her reddened ass up to
  the heated curves of her breasts.  
 Kat began to softly rub Angie's bottom and signaled Jason to release her
  wrists. Slowly, Angie lifted herself up from the hot plate and both of her
  torturer's gazed in awe at the flushed pink skin of her breasts and stomach.
  Kat reached out and cupped one breast, feeling a wave of heat. She looked at
  Jason quizzically.  
 Jason looked sheepish. "Sorry. I must have accidentally turned it back on." He
  said softly. He pushed a small brightly lit switch on the side of the plate,
  turning it off.  
 Kathy waved her hand. "It's okay. I think it helped."  
 Angie stood, weaving as she recovered from the intense orgasm that had just
  washed through her.  
 Kathy laughed and shook her hand. "Well, we still have a few more things
  to do, Angie."  
 Angie looked at her and nodded. "Okay. I'm okay. I mean&hellip;its okay."  
 Kathy smiled and kissed Angie on the lips. "It's okay sweetheart. You handled
  your punishment well." She put her hands on Angie's hips and moved them back
  and forth, ringing the vibroballs.  
 Angie gasped and clutched Kat's shoulders.  
 "A little sensitive, Angie?" Asked Kat.  
 Angie mewled in pleasure.  
 Kat turned toward Jason. "Angie here has volunteered to help us. She's going
  to mop the dining area."  
 Angie's eyes widened and she pulled backward. "Oh no, Kat. Please. You can't
  make me do that after what you just did to me." Angie begged.  
 Kathy laughed. "Sure I can. And if you disobey we can always sit you down
  on the hot plate and I can whip those perky little tits of yours. Anyway, it
  shouldn't take long to mop the dining area. Just take off your shirt and get
  started."  
 Angie's mouth flapped. "M-my shirt?" Her eyes darted to the windows, seeing
  the bright streaks of headlights flashing past.  
 Kat's eyes narrowed. "Yes your shirt. Take it off and get started. Or do
  you want to do it totally naked?"  
 "No Kat. I'll do it." Angie replied demurely, her eyes on the floor.  
 Kat smiled. "Good. Get to it."  
 Angie pulled the bunched up halter top from around her neck and dropped
  it onto the counter. Her breasts were only slowly loosing their redness and
  she took hold of the mop handle and began to swipe the ceramic tiles. Jason
  watched in rapture as the slight tinkling of the vibroballs filled the room
  and Angie kept herself turned toward him so that her bare breasts wouldn't
  be seen by those driving by.  
 Kat had finished putting away a few last items and tapped Jason on the shoulder.  
 "We're going over to my house for dessert and games. Want to come?" Kathy
  asked.  
 Jason was a little taken aback but recovered almost instantly. "Absolutely." He
  said excitedly.  
 Kat laughed at his enthusiasm but then she looked mischievous. "Do you like
  banana splits?" She asked suddenly.  
 Jason looked at her quizzically. "Um, yeah. Why?"  
 Kat grinned. "Cause Angie and I just love them." Her eyes turned toward
  the half naked girl who was busily mopping the dining area.  
 "Angie loves them a lot."  
 The outside lights of the house burned brightly as the three of them walked
  around and opened the fence gate. Kat and Jason chatted and joked, laughing
  every so often at some story or comment. Angie however concentrated on walking.
  It was getting harder too put one foot in front of the other. Mopping the dining
  area had resulted in fresh surges of desire from between her legs and the vibroballs
  were driving her mad. She had contemplated throwing herself upon Jason, but
  she suspected that Kathy would be angry.  
 "Here we are." Announced Kat as she unlocked the back door that led to the
  kitchen.  
 Jason looked around as the lights were flipped on. "Nice place."  
 Kat frowned. "I try. Mom's not much of a housekeeper."  
 A flash of worry crossed Jason's face. "Is your mom home?" He asked.  
 "No. She's rarely home at night. Bar hopping, man chasing, getting screwed,
  whatever you want to call it." Kat said disgustedly.  
 Jason looked ashamed. "Sorry."  
 Kat waved her hand. "Don't be. I'm used to it." She suddenly smiled again. "Want
  a beer?"  
 Jason brightened. "Sure."  
 "Angie, can you get Jason a beer, please?" Kat asked sweetly.  
 Angie nodded. "Sure. In a glass or the bottle, Jason?"  
 "Um&hellip;just the bottle I guess."  
 They watched as Angie shuffled around the counter and opened the fridge.
  They could still hear the light ringing of the balls as she bent over.  
 "Come on, Jason"Kat said, grabbing his elbow. "Let's go into the family
  room. You can pick out a movie."  
 Angie stood up with the beer bottle and watched Kat escort Jason out of
  the kitchen. She took a few more steps and then stopped as an extreme wave
  washed over her. Her fingers lifted the hem of the skirt and she pushed the
  unopened top of the beer bottle against her clit. She clenched her teeth as
  the searing cold hit her but it was enough, pushing her body over the edge
  into orgasm. She rocked back and forth on her feet for a second, letting the
  pleasure wash over her, her breaths coming in short gasps. Then it was over
  and she pulled the bottle away from her sex.  
 She quickly moved into the family room, her body once more under her control.
  She knew that the vibroballs could easily bring her back to feeling that excruciating
  need, but it would take awhile. She stepped over to Jason, who was sitting
  on the couch next to Kathy, and gave him the bottle.  
 "Thanks Angie." Said Jason.  
 Kat got up. "Be right back." She announced. Angie and Jason watched as she
  left the room.  
 There was a palpable silence. Angie sat down in an easy chair that stood
  off to the left and fidgeted a little.  
 "So&hellip;um&hellip;you do this kind of thing a lot with Kathy?" asked
  Jason.  
 Angie nodded. "Mostly."  
 He leaned forward, the beer in his hands. "Do you two screw each other?"  
 Angie's eyes widened. "Well, kind of. I mean, yes. Well, we make each other
  come." She tried to explain.  
 "Do you ever fuck guys?" He asked her intently.  
 "When Kat makes me." Angie said softly.  
 "Do you like it?" He pushed, trying to get her to open up.  
 "I love it." Angie said, blushing. Her heart hammered and her mind kept
  bringing up thoughts of what Jason might be like as a lover.  
 "I'm back!" Kat's voice announced. She held a large black bag in one hand
  and had three video tapes in the other. "I'll let you select the video for
  tonight Jason, because you are our guest." She put all three videos down on
  the large wooden coffee table that stood in front of the couch.  
 Jason leaned forward to see the titles, and visibly started when he saw
  the pictures of naked tied up girls on the covers.  
 "Hmmm&hellip; such an interesting selection." He said, laughing it off.  
 Kat smiled. "Oh yes. All are pretty good. BDSM Vixens is fun. But I really
  like Tied Up and Tortured. Angie's favorite is this one. It's called Pussy
  Penetrations." Kat held up one box that had a blonde girl tied to a chair with
  her legs spread while another girl pushed a huge cucumber into her body.  
 Jason seemed to consider all of them and then tapped Angie's favorite. "It's
  tough to decide between the Tied Up one and Angie's favorite. But she's had
  a tough night already, so I think we should let her have her favorite."  
 Kat's mouth grinned sarcastically. "You're very generous." She turned to
  Angie. "Will you put the tape in and then put on your cuffs please?" She dropped
  the black bag on the table. Angie nodded.  
 Kat smiled again and walked through the doorway to the kitchen and Jason
  and Angie heard dishes clanking. Angie stood up and pulled the tape out of
  the box and began turning on the VCR.  
 "So is this really your favorite?" Jason asked.  
 Angie shrugged. "Kind of. It was the first tape that we acted out. These
  all belonged to Kat's dad. She stole a couple before he moved out."  
 "So what's on the tape?"  
 Angie chuckled softly. "What's in the picture on the box, Jason? Girls getting
  everything you can imagine being pushed into them."  
 He smiled. "Did you like it?"  
 Angie didn't nod but said. "I came a lot." She pressed the play button and
  moved away from the screen. Immediately pictures of naked beauties flashed
  across the television. Jason moved his hand down to his crotch and pressed
  down upon his hard shaft.  
 Angie stepped to the side of the table and opened up the black bag. Jason's
  attention was drawn to her, but he couldn't see into the bag. Angie pulled
  out two pairs of black leather cuffs with heavy steel rings attached. She began
  to encase the leather around her wrist and leaned over to Jason.  
 "Can you help me with these buckles? I never can get them tight enough on
  my own." She asked, her brown eyes softly gazing at him.  
 "Um&hellip;sure." Jason responded. The television was making soft gasping
  noises that seemed to float above a sound track of squishing sounds.  
 Jason pulled the straps tight and buckled each cuff on her wrist tightly.
  He noticed the insides of the cuffs were lined with some soft foamy material
  and the metal rings tinkled softly in a counterpoint to the vibroballs.  
 Angie suddenly put her leg up on the coffee table and handed him the ankle
  cuff. Her skirt rode high up her thigh all the way to her waist and Jason was
  able to see the bare petals of her sex. They glistened and a thin strand of
  twine stuck out from between her labia.  
 "You shave." He said as he tightened the first cuff on.  
 "Yeah. Kat likes me shaved." Angie said, putting her hands on his shoulders
  to help her balance.  
 "It's nice." Jason said. "There. This foot's done." He said.  
 Angie pulled her foot down and the placed the other one on the table. She
  smiled, a slight blush reddening her cheeks as he once again looked across
  the flesh of her thigh and into the tight smooth crevasse of her sex.  
 "Jason? Chocolate or vanilla?" A voice called from the kitchen.  
 "Uh&hellip;chocolate is great." He said, his fingers working on the last
  buckle.  
 "Okay." Kat's voice sang out.  
 Angie dropped her leg and stepped away from him. Jason stared at her and
  then back at the television where a blonde haired vixen was being impaled with
  the business end of a baseball bat. Angie laughed at Jason's divided attention
  and she took hold of her skirt and wiggled it down off of her hips, baring
  her loins and sex to his eyes. The skirt fell to the floor and she stepped
  clear of it, flinging it off her sandal with a twist of her ankle. Kat entered
  the room holding a serving tray. It was obvious she had changed clothes as
  well, opting for a sheer black slip that held her breasts back with the faintest
  touch of lace. Jason's eyes widened we he saw her.  
"The top too, Angie." She ordered as she put the
  tray on a side table next to the couch. It held a small army of serving bowls
  and scoops and a can of whip cream towered in the center.  
Angie pulled her halter top off baring breasts
  that had already been devoured by Jason's eyes before. They were no longer
  hot to the touch and only the lightest shade of pink still betrayed the slow
  cooking they had received earlier. Both nipples were hard and pointed and Angie
  dropped the halter on the easy chair.  
Kat however was in the process of moving the coffee
  table around. It's rectangular shape had been arranged so that the narrow ends
  were pointed from the television to the couch, leaving little room for the
  three of them to place any ice cream. Jason looked on in interest.  
Kat motioned to the table. "Straddle the coffee
  table, Angie. Facing us. You won't be seeing your favorite movie tonight. Sorry." She
  said.  
Angie moved forward and spread her legs, stepping
  over the solid wood table. Her face was inscrutable, but her body betrayed
  its needs. Kat reached between her legs and grabbed hold of the vibroballs,
  yanking hard on the string.  
Angie gasped and cried out as the string of bells
  popped out of her. Her own juices dripped from the toy dangling in Kathy's
  hand and small trickles began to stream down her thighs.  
 "Lay down on the table." Kathy ordered, dropping the vibroballs onto the
  floor next to the couch.  
 Angie sat down on the table, still facing Jason and Kat and she leaned backward,
  lying down. She could feel the cool hard strength of the oak table under her,
  her legs parted and still on the floor to either side. Kat had reached for
  the bag and extracted two lengths of black nylon rope and she and quickly tied
  one end to the metal ring embedded in Angie's left wrist cuff. She passed the
  rope under the table and through the legs and ran it through the other wrist
  cuff, pulling it tightly and securing Angie's wrists down by her hips.  
 Kathy took the other rope and tied it to the ankle cuff. She stood up and
  looked at Jason.  
 "Give me a hand, will you?" She asked. Jason stood up and looked at Kathy.  
 "Take her other ankle and pull her legs up so she's bent in half, like this." Kathy
  said, pulling Angie's leg up and bending it so that her foot came almost to
  her head. Angie groaned and Jason took hold of the other leg and pulled it
  up, bending Angie in half.  
 "Take both legs while I tie them up." Kat ordered. Jason followed, yielding
  to her domineering attitude. Kat ran the rope under the table again, this time
  looping the nylon around the legs and finished tying it off on the other leg.
  Then she backed off.  
 Angie moaned from the exposure and discomfort of the position. Her sandals
  dangled inches above her face and she could raise her head and see her exposed
  sex between her breasts. Her arms were stretched tightly downward and she could
  barely move. She dropped her head back down onto the table.  
 Kat removed the sandals from Angie's feet and lightly kissed her toes. Then
  Kathy looked at Jason.  
 "Ready for that banana split?" she asked.  
 Jason looked perplexed. The sight of Angie tied spread just a few inches
  from him along with the rhythmic grunts and squeals coming from the video had
  his nerves jangling with desire. He longed to take out his shaft and plunge
  it into the sopping flower before him. But Kathy was definitely in control
  and he nodded, swallowing in expectation.  
 Kat reached to the tray and grabbed hold of a huge banana, almost seven
  inches long.  
 "Does this look like a good banana to you?" She asked innocently.  
 "Yeah. It looks great."  
 "Great. Well, got to put it in the bowl then." Kat said. She leaned forward
  and with a quick movement plunged the banana deep into Angie's body. Angie
  squealed and jerked as the fruit penetrated her deeply.  
 Jason's eyes popped open in surprise as Kat shoved the banana in. His hand
  pressed down hard upon his cock, as Kat pumped the banana hard against Angie's
  sex.  
 "Damn." Kat exclaimed. "I forgot. You don't eat the peel." She yanked the
  banana out of Angie, eliciting and agonizing groan from the bound girl.  
 Kat twisted the end of the banana, slick with Angie's juices. The peel broke
  away exposing the soft but ridged flesh underneath. Its pale length contrasted
  with the dusky skin of Angie's thighs. Kat removed the entire peel and dumped
  it next to the vibroballs. She put the banana to her mouth and wrapped her
  lips around it, sucking on the end. When she pulled it out Jason saw that it
  was still whole.  
 "I love bananas." Kathy declared. She placed the wet tip against Angie's
  dark opening and slowly pushed it in. Angie moaned a thin soft cry that spoke
  of discomfort and need. Kat pushed the banana in deeper and deeper until almost
  the entire fruit was embedded. Angie whimpered and Kat pulled a portion back
  out and began to pump, soft wet thrusts, into the pink folds of Angie's body.  
 Suddenly, Kat's wrist twisted, breaking off over half the banana inside
  Angie.  
 "Whoops." Kat said softly. She turned to Jason. "Well what comes next in
  a banana split?"  
 His eyes widened. "Um&hellip;the ice cream?" He answered, unsure of himself
  and the two girls.  
 Kat smiled. "You said chocolate so here we go." She reached over to the
  tray and picked up a small bowl of chocolate ice cream. It was slightly melted,
  but its thick cream still lay coolly in the shallow cup. Kat had stuck a large
  serving spoon into it. Now she picked it up, loading a scoop of the ice cream
  onto the metal utensil.  
 She leaned over between Angie's outstretched legs and used her left hand
  to split the lips of the tied girl's slit. As soon as the spoon touched the
  clit, Angie jerked, crying out. Kat ignored her and pushed the spoon into the
  crying girl, digging it deep and letting the metal edge slice the banana that
  was still buried inside her.  
 "Ohhh it's too c-c-cold!" Angie cried out, her arms and legs straining against
  their bonds. "P-p-please no more!" Kat only laughed and moved the spoon around
  inside Angie, stirring the ice cream and banana together.  
 "Now what?" asked Kat, looking at the awestruck boy.  
 "The hot fudge." Said Jason, this time with more conviction. Kat giggled.  
 "I like the way you think." She reached over to the tray and took a small
  clay pitcher in her hand. A waft of thick fudge aroma steamed from it and Jason
  looked at it and saw the hot fudge, still steaming and syrupy. "You pour it
  over the top of the banana split right?" Asked Kat, an evil smile spread across
  her face.  
 Jason grinned. "Absolutely."  
 Kat held the pitcher directly over Angie's clit, near the top of her sex,
  and began to tilt her hand. A thick dollop of fudge bubbled at the tip, and
  then poured down, landing with a thick shock right on Angie's clit.  
 "OOWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAA" screamed Angie, bucking wildly as the hot fudge
  began to seep downward through the petals of her sex. Kat poured again, letting
  a thick stream of fudge coat the swollen edges of Angie's flower. Kat moved
  the pitcher downward and positioned it directly above the gaping hole that
  held the banana and melting remnants of the chocolate ice cream. She let the
  fudge pour directly into Angie and they watched as Angie bucked and cried,
  screaming in pleasure and agony, as the hot chocolate heat filled her sex.  
 "Can I see that?" asked Jason. Kat eyes widened but she handed the pitcher
  to him. Jason stuck a single finger into the fudge and pulled it out, licking
  it. "It's not that hot." He said, questioning Kat.  
 "It's the ice cream. She was very cold already." Kat replied.  
 "Hmmm&hellip;" Jason murmured. He moved off the couch to Angie's side. He
  held the pitcher over Angie's right breast and looked at Kat.  
 "Go ahead!" Kat said, pleased that Jason was getting involved.  
 Jason poured the fudge, watching it fall and coat the erect nipple and swollen
  areolas. Angie's breathing came in hoarse gasps.  
 He sat back down, handing the fudge to Kat. She returned it to the tray
  and grabbed the whip cream can.  
 "Whip cream time, Angie!" Kat announced, shaking the can.  
 Angie looked through her breasts and legs at them and shook her head. "Oh
  p-please no. I can't take any more. It h-h-hurts. I need to come so b-b-bad.
  Pllease?"  
 Kat laughed and placed a finger on the can nozzle. She pushed her finger
  and the nozzle inside Angie and pushed against the nozzle. The sound of escaping
  gas didn't conceal the sudden squeal that erupted from Angie's mouth. Kat laughed
  as the whip cream filled the last of the empty space inside Angie's sex.  
 Whip cream erupted from around Kat's fingers and she pulled her hand and
  the can away, licking the white cream from her knuckles. As she sucked on one
  she looked at Jason who was trying, unobtrusively, to rub his cock through
  his pants.  
 "Here, let me." Kat said, putting down the can. She reached over and quickly
  unlatched his belt, popping the button in seconds. He had barely stood when
  she yanked both his boxers and pants downward, freeing the rock hard shaft
  from its cotton imprisonment. Kat quickly grabbed hold of it and kissed the
  tip, running her tongue around the head as Jason moaned loudly.  
 Kathy pushed him back down, keeping one hand firmly around his cock. "It's
  time to eat." She said. She pivoted on the couch, her left hand gently squeezing
  Jason rhythmically as she pulled two spoons from the tray. She dropped one
  in her lap and placed the other one at the sugar bottom of Angie's slit. She
  dragged the spoon upward, loading it with the excess chocolate and cream until
  the metal edge caught Angie's clit. Angie cried out, bucking as Kathy lifted
  the spoon to Jason's mouth.  
 Jason opened his mouth as Kathy pushed the spoon in and he tasted the sweet
  delights of sugar and cocoa, and something else as well, a salty taste, the
  taste of sweet juices. He swallowed hungrily as Kathy began stroking his shaft.
  She handed him the spoon and took the other one in her right hand. She once
  again delved into the succulent bowl before her, this time driving the spoon
  slightly in. Jason quivered as the hand grasping him pulsed and he watched
  in utter amazement as Kat tasted the spoonful of chocolate and banana and cream
  and Angie.  
 Jason leaned forward, trying for the moment to forget Kathy's hand and its
  playful stroking between his legs. He pushed his spoon forward and into Angie,
  deeply scooping out a sodden chocolaty banana from deep with in. He devoured
  it in seconds as Angie began to sob, quivering as their spoons intruded. His
  eyes darted to the television, watching as some poor girl cried out, her legs
  spread and tied apart as a bottle was pushed into her. He mimicked the process
  with the huge spoon upon the bound girl in front of him, tasting her body mixed
  with candy.  
 Kathy continued her caresses, all the while using the edge of her spoon
  to scrape, pull, and tug upon the swollen and frozen clit of her little slave
  girl. Angie continually moaned her bottom moving and swaying as the two diners
  delved into her depths for the treats. She felt them emptying her slowly, lifting
  the mashed banana and cream and chocolate from her like breaths of cool air
  on a hot summer night.  
 "Stand up." Kat said to Jason, pulling on his cock so that he quickly stood.
  She pulled him toward her so that he was fully centered above Angie tied and
  spread legs.  
 "Spread your legs, Jason." Kat ordered the obedient boy who immediately
  followed her orders, kicking off the boxers and widening his legs.  
 She pulled him forward then by his cock and pushing against his buttocks
  until the tip of his rod lay at the chocolate smeared opening of Angie's sex.
  With deliberate patience, she guided his thick shaft into Angie, who stiffened
  and cried out at the penetration. Lubricated with the melted remnants of syrup
  and cream, Jason began to pump himself into the gooey hole between Angie's
  legs. It was cold, but he was beyond caring.  
 Angie began to buck, trying to impale herself deeper on the thick cock spearing
  her, but only seconds inside her, Jason's strength collapsed and he paused,
  feeling the shudders and spasms that came with orgasm. Kat yanked him backward
  just as his cock began to spurt and Kathy bent forward, quickly surrounding
  his cream smeared and shooting cock with her mouth.  
 Jason gasped and the cried out as she sucked hard, pulling every last drop
  from his rod, and then he collapsed against the couch while Kathy knelt between
  his legs, her back to Angie, while she licked his rod clean of the chocolate
  and whip cream of Angie's crevasse.  
 As soon as his member was its usual beige, Kathy leaned back, licking her
  lips. Her eyes sparkled.  
 "Having fun?" She asked, her mouth parting in a huge smile.  
 Jason's eyes rolled over her and he smiled.  
 "Oh good. Let's see how quick you can get hard again." And she bent over
  with her face in his lap, her hair cascading in a blonde puddle around her.  
 Jason stared across the crying body of Angie, whose breasts, still coated
  with cream and chocolate, shook with uncontrolled desire. The television girl
  was howling as a plastic cactus was being carefully inserted into her body,
  spine by spine, and Kathy's mouth tongued and sucked.  
 It was the beginning of a great night.  
Angie's Humiliation Part 2   
By: Michael Alexander   
 Angie stopped at the heavy wooden door and began searching through her purse,
  pushing aside the miscellaneous tubes, compacts, and junk that had accumulated
  inside. Her fingers scrabbled amidst the small containers of makeup and eye
  shadow, as well as some of the other objects a casual observer would definitely
  wonder about.  
 Finally she found it, her hand closing upon the silver key chain and she
  withdrew it from her purse with a grunt. Her long delicate fingers were steady
  as she inserted the key into the garage door of the house. As the door opened
  she snatched her backpack up off of the old gas grill that Kathy's mom had
  never gotten rid of.  
 Angie relocked the door behind her, stepping into the garage and threading
  her way through the stacks of newspaper that Kathy's mom insisted on recycling,
  but never bagged or tied up. She took her white canvas sneakers off at the
  door, leaving them lying on the small multi-colored entrance rug.  
 Angie entered the house, threading her way through the family room. The
  large wooden bookcases and entertainment center stood along one wall across
  from a couch and a coffee table. Angie stopped and stared remembering how she
  had endured being made into a banana split, only weeks before, tied to that
  table. Kat had laughed and joked about her "banana slit  " and
  Angie still shuddered remembering how the cold metal spoons had driven her
  mad.  
 The kitchen was clean, counters smelling slightly of lemon. Kat was fastidious
  despite her mother's lack of attention toward the house, and Angie's mind replayed
  that first night so many years before, when she and Kathy and both Kathy's
  parents, had sat around the wooden table having dinner. The spaghetti was excellent,
  but the salad even more so, knowing that the cucumber, cut now in thin slices,
  had been gripped by their daughter and plunged over and over, deep into Angie's
  body.  
 But Angie moved on to Kathy's room. It was brightly lit, with a single bed,
  desk, and white painted bureaus. Kathy had never moved past the pink and white
  lace fashion from her Barbie doll days, and Angie dropped her bag and purse
  on the chenille bedspread.  
 Angie glanced at the computer and the bedroom clock, sighing in disgust.
  She wanted to get on the computer and check her email, maybe even chat a little,
  but Kat would be home soon. Instead she turned out of the room and went to
  the bathroom, taking out the necessary supplies to do her hair and makeup.  
  
 "Well, don't you look pretty!" Announced Kat as she looked into the bathroom,
  seeing Angie through the mirror. Angie smiled and waved.  
 "Do you want me to put it up?" Angie asked.  
 Kat shook her head. "No. Leave it down. Dark and sultry for tonight, I think." Kat
  stepped up and ran her fingers along Angie's shoulders and then down her arms,
  bringing her finger tips around to Angie's cloth covered nipples. Angie shivered
  and let out a light gasp as her nubs stiffened.  
 "Oh! I have your outfit for tonight!" Kat said. "It's in my room. Come on."  
 Angie followed Kathy, watching as the tall blonde rifled through her drawers.
  Angie sat down on the bed as Kathy removed three articles of clothing. Kat
  turned, holding up a chevron shaped backless shirt. It was a blend of colors,
  like some mad painting.  
 "This is for your top. It's elegant and revealing. I like that." Kat grinned. "And
  this is for the bottom!" She held up the shortest slit skirt Angie had ever
  seen, one that would barely cover her bottom when standing, and would undoubtedly
  reveal more with every step. Kat tossed it across to her and Angie sighed in
  relief. The skirt was actually shorts, with a strip of material around them
  to simulate a skirt. She had seen them before in stores but never thought about
  wearing one herself.  
 "Oh geeze, Kat." Angie said with a laugh, fingering the skirt. Kat chuckled.  
 "Here, put the top on. Oh, and let me have the skirt back again." Kat said.  
 Angie handed the fake skirt back. "You mean shorts." She said with a smile
  as she took the chevron shaped shirt.  
 Kat smiled and opened a desk drawer and extracted a pair of scissors. "No.
  I mean skirt." She said, opening the scissors and quickly cutting into the
  black material under the fake skirt.  
 "Wait! No! You can't!" gasped Angie as the protective shorts dropped out
  of Kat's hands leaving only the wrap around skirt. Kat glared back at her.  
 "Yes I can." Kat tossed a small red thong at her. "You'll wear this under
  it."  
 Tears filled Angie's eyes. "Please, Kat." She begged.  
 Kat sighed and stepped up to Angie, folding her arms around the dark brunette. "I
  know you're scared, Angie. But Jason and I will be with you the whole time,
  or near you, and you don't need to worry. Okay?"  
Angelica nodded, a trickle of moisture escaping
  her eyes.  
"Now, let me help you out of your polo." Kathy
  said softly. She dropped the sliced skirt on the bed and took hold of Angie's
  shirt bottom, pulling the covering upward over Angie's head. Angie held her
  hands up as Kat exposed her lace covered breasts and placed the shirt next
  to the skirt.  
"Take your bra off." Kat said, her voice turning
  slightly hard again. Angie reached behind her back, her experienced fingers
  finding the clasp and loosing it. She shrugged her shoulders as the cups loosened
  and fell, exposing her soft curves to Kat's eyes. Kat brought both hands up
  and with a quick motion flicked both nipples simultaneously. Angie gasped as
  both nipples suddenly hardened.  
"Sweet." Said Kat. She bent her head downward and
  wrapped her lips around one upright nipple, her hand moving up to pinch the
  other. Angie leaned backward, moaning softly as one nipple reacted to Kat's
  suckling tongue and the other felt the sharp twinge of fingernails. Suddenly
  Kat stopped, stepping back from Angie, and smiled wickedly.  
"Come on. Get out of those jeans so I can see how
  the skirt looks on you."  
Still breathing hard Angie quickly unbuttoned her
  jeans, letting them drop. She kicked them off, deciding to pull the socks off
  at the same time. She hooked her thumbs around the waistband of her panties,
  pushing the soft cotton downward to the pile of denim. Kat stepped a bit closer
  and placed a delicate hand over Angie's flower. Angie gasped as she felt Kat's
  finger slide into her body, slipping in with a soft squelching sound.  
"My, my, aren't you wet!" said Kathy, cupping Angie's
  breast with the other hand. Angie spread her legs wider, hoping Kathy would
  do more than tantalize her. Angie groaned with desire as Kat pulled out and
  held her slick coated finger to Angie's mouth. Angie knew what to do and she
  immediately took the finger into her lips, sucking her own juices from the
  proffered digit. Kat dragged a thumb across Angie's nipple and pulled her clean
  finger from the little slave girl's mouth.  
"Get dressed." She ordered.  
Angie picked up the red thong and slowly stepped
  into it, pulling it upward over her sex. It was too small, but Angie expected
  that. At least its a decent pair  , Angie thought, and
  not one of those porn store trash thongs that were scratchy and uncomfortable  .
  Angie felt the cotton cup her sex tightly and she spread the cheeks of her
  bottom to seat the strap.  
Angie looked at Kat and smiled. "Bun floss. It
  feels like a permanent wedgie." Kathy just laughed.  
"Put on the skirt." Kat said.  
Angie grabbed the skirt from the bed and stepped
  into it, pulling it upward. The waist was elastic and hugged her hips tightly.
  Angie debated a second, trying to decide if she wanted the skirt over her hips,
  the better to keep it from falling off, or wear it as low as possible to provide
  the better protection against exposure. She pulled the waistband lower, showing
  the swelling mounds of her hip bones.  
Kat held up the chevron shirt. It was a swirling
  marble pattern of white, gray, and brown, and looked very fashionable. Angie
  took the shirt and held it over her breasts, turning around so Kathy could
  tie the shirt in place. The shirt was a tad too small and Angie saw that while
  the shirt held her breasts in place, the sides of each curve were plain to
  the view.  
Kathy turned her around and walked her over to
  the full length mirror on the closet door.  
"I look like a slut." Angie said.  
Kat's eyes narrowed. "What are you?" She demanded.  
Angie looked down demurely. "A slut, Kat."  
"And what kind of a slut are you?" demanded Kat.  
"A pain and embarrassment slut, Kat."  
"That's right. And what happens when I hurt you
  and embarrass you?"  
"I come, Kat."  
Kathy nodded. "I know, Angie. And I come doing
  it you." Kathy wrapped her arms around Angie and hugged her.  
"Come on. Jason will be here any moment." Kathy
  handed Angie a set of black pumps and smiled.  
Jason let out a long low whistle as the two girls
  walked across the driveway. Kathy was wearing a long black skirt and a matching
  blouse that sparkled with sequins, her long and shapely legs accentuated by
  the open toed high heels she wore. Her long blonde hair was loose, framing
  her face with an elegant beauty.  
And then there was Angie. Jason's face lit up in
  awe as she walked behind Kathy, a beaming blushing embarrassed smile upon her
  face. She was so different from Kathy, and yet just as beautiful. Both girls
  hugged him. As Angie wrapped her arms around him he let his hands roam around
  her body, feeling the curves.  
"That has got to be the shortest skirt that ever
  graced a woman's curves." He said into her ear.  
Angie giggled slightly. It was tough to be embarrassed
  around Jason. "Kat picked it out."  
Jason turned to Kat. "Nice skirt. She'll have every
  guy trying to get a peep under it. It sucks that they're actually shorts!"  
Kat smiled and dropped her purse on the ground. "Oh
  damn. Angie? Can you be a sweety and pick up my purse?"  
Angie's smile faded and she turned around. She
  tried as hard as possible to pick up the purse without bending over, but the
  startled gasp from Jason told her that her dainty cheeks had shown themselves.  
"Here's your purse, Kat." Said Angie, handing over
  the black strap purse.  
"Thank you, Angie." Kat said. "I'm driving. You
  two get to sit in the back."  
All three of the clambered into Jason's car and
  Angie lost no time in reaching over and feeling the rock hard shaft covered
  with cotton and denim. She rubbed her fingers along it, feeling Jason pulse
  and groan.  
"You want to suck him, don't you Angie?" Asked
  Kat, turning the wheel and pressing down the accelerator.  
"Oh yes please, Kat." Replied Angie.  
Kat laughed. "Alright. Tell you what. Suck him
  right now. If you can make him come before I get to the freeway, all we'll
  do to you tonight is embarrass you. If he comes after we get on the freeway,
  or not at all, you get punished as well."  
Angie didn't respond but grabbed hold of Jason's
  zipper, yanking it down. In seconds she had exposed him, freeing his thick
  shaft, sucking, and licking it. A part of her mind recognized the fact that
  it was still light out, with passing drivers able to see her hunched over body
  and she was sure the skirt had ridden up to her waist. But none of that mattered
  as her lips sucked on Jason. She had to make him come.  
Jason's moans were coming quicker and Angie felt
  his hands on the back of her head, helping her. She heard the car rev and felt
  a renewed burst of speed and a tiny spark of anger flared in her, but she licked
  round and round his shaft.  
"Damn you, Jason! You better not come!" said Kat
  as Jason's deep groans went higher.  
"Sorry." Grunted Jason. "She's just really good
  at this."  
Angie wished she had pulled off his jeans and briefs
  instead of letting only his cock out. She had given Jason blowjobs before and
  had found that the lightest touch of her fingers on his balls had sent him
  over the edge. She tried to reach between his legs but he kept them tightly
  shut.  
"Almost there!" said Kat.  
"Hurry!" gasped Jason, gripping the seat and tensing
  every muscle. Angie felt him shudder and she drew hard on him. She pumped his
  shaft with her hand as she licked the tip. He began to spasm.  
There was a lurching turn and Angie felt the car
  speed up. In a second it would all be over either way. She stopped pumping,
  merely licking lightly, letting fate decide.  
"We're on!" yelled Kathy.  
Jason gasped, his body locking in place as only
  the muscles that pumped his thick cream outward functioned. His hand was dug
  into Angie's hair, holding her head tightly upon his shaft as he heard the
  sounds of her sucking his fluids. He knew that she would swallow every drop,
  but that thought was only a mere shadow compared to exquisite pleasure he felt.
  Finally his body released, letting the flow ebb with small throbs. He released
  Angie's head and relaxed as she began licking again, catching every last drop.  
"I'm impressed with your control, Jason." Kat said
  contemptuously.  
Jason rolled his head and looked forward, seeing
  Kat's narrowed eyes in the rear view mirror.  
"No offense, Kat, but the reality is that Angie
  is extremely good at sucking cock and it's been over a week since I had anything,
  as you well know. Besides, I held off till we were on the freeway!" He looked
  down at the mass of thick dark hair in his lap. He could still feel her mouth
  working away as he softened. "Besides, you change the rules all the time anyway.
  Angie doesn't mind." He stroked Angie's head softly, and then pulled her up.  
Her makeup was only a little mussed and he was
  surprised to see that not a single drop off his explosion was left. She had
  a smug look on her face as she smiled at him.  
"Thank you, Angie." He said softly, cupping her
  cheek. "I'm sorry I didn't come quicker."  
Angie giggled lightly. "No you're not." She said.  
Jason laughed. "You're right. I'm not." He patted
  the seat. "Come here. I want to hold you." Angie turned her back to him and
  wriggled closer across the seat, leaning into his shoulder. He draped his left
  arm over her shoulders, allowing his fingers to lightly rub the erect nipple
  under the chevron shirt.  
It was only a few minutes more before they arrived
  at the Mall, Kathy expertly navigating the outer ring road to park in front
  of one of the large anchor stores. It took a moment to sort things out as they
  got out, letting the arc lights of the lot illuminate them.  
"Come here, Angie." Kat said, gesturing to the
  front of the car. Angie moved forward quickly, her fingers tugging downward
  on the skirt.  
"Bend over the hood." Kat ordered, reaching into
  her purse and pulling three red latex balls attached together with a string.  
Angie's eyes went wide. "Oh please, Kat! There's
  no room for those! I mean, I'm already wearing what you want me too, please
  don't make me put those in!"  
Kat sighed. "All right. I won't make you put them
  in." Angie sighed in relief.  
"Bend over the hood of the car and spread your
  legs. I'll put them in for you." Kat said.  
Angie's eyes widened again as Jason chuckled evilly. "That's
  what you get for not making him come." Kat said.  
Angie knew when to give up and she turned to face
  the still warm hood of the car. She put her hands on it, feeling the warm metal
  and she slowly laid herself down. The heat streamed upward through the chevron
  shirt and she felt herself ripening as memories of that first spanking in front
  of Jason came back to mind.  
Her skirt had slid upward just from bending over,
  but Kathy yanked it all the way up to her waist, exposing Angie's rear and
  the small strap of cloth that covered her sex. Kat didn't bother trying to
  pull it aside, instead grabbing the waistband of the thong and yanking it downward
  to Angie's knees. Angie shivered and looked around. Cars were driving along
  the outer road, but none were on their aisle, and other cars blocked the view.  
Kat reached upward between Angie's legs, pushing
  the first vibroball against Angie's sex, finding it soaked. She rolled the
  ball against the petals of the sex and then with a single thrust, pushed the
  golf ball sized toy deep in. The second ball pressed hard against Angie's clit
  and Kat used her thumb to ram it after the first. Kat contemplated leaving
  the third ball out, mashed tight against the straining lips of Angie's pussy,
  but then relented and crammed the last bell deep.  
Angie groaned with each movement between her legs
  and she felt stuffed. The vibroballs were a minor annoyance when sitting, but
  became an excruciating stimulator with every step. Angie remembered the first
  time Kat had shown her the vibroballs. She had been so excited about replacing
  the three golf balls that Angie had been made to keep inside her. Angie had
  liked the idea too, since the vibroballs couldn't fall out like the white golf
  balls. She hadn't understood that inside each vibroball was a clapper that
  shuddered and rang with each step.  
Kat pulled her hand away, her thumb glistening.
  She sucked it clean and then swatted Angie hard on her bare bottom, eliciting
  a sharp squeal of surprise from Angie.  
 "You can get up now, Angie." Kat said. Angie pushed herself up from the
  car, barely keeping her balance as her thong twisted around her knees. She
  automatically reached down to pull it back into place, but hesitated when she
  remembered Kat standing there. Angie looked at Kat.  
 "Yeah, you can pull them up." Kat said. Angie took hold of the thong and
  pulled it upward, raising the skirt to her hips while she wriggled her bottom
  to seat the floss.  
 "You sure look sexy, Angie." Jason said, leaning against the car door with
  his arms crossed. He had enjoyed the show, but especially the look on Angie's
  face as the vibroballs had gone in. He watched as Angie resettled the skimpy
  skirt just under her hip bones. He couldn't figure how they were staying up.  
 Kat looked at both of them. "Let's go." She said.  
 The harsh glare of the inside lights made Angie's outfit all the more obvious.
  Her face blushed a constant red as other shoppers stared at her. Men stared
  the most, openly gazing at the scantily clad teen that was followed so closely
  by the cute teenage couple behind her. The mouths of husbands and boyfriends
  dropped as their eyes caught the soft cream curve of a buttock or the tight
  outline of breast.  
 Angie cared about being stared at, and normally would be near tears from
  the unwanted attention, but the addition of the vibroballs into her equation
  had changed everything. Every step was as if Jason or Kat were rubbing at her
  g spot. It was as if someone had speared her and only thrust when she herself
  moved. It was masturbation at the most basic level, requiring no movement or
  thought, other than the ability to take another step.  
 Kat tapped Angie on the shoulder. "Let's go in there." She said, pointing
  at a store with black lights and posters lighting the windows.  
 Angie obediently turned, entering the store, glad that it appeared mostly
  empty. A multitude of joke items, dragon statues, rock star posters and black
  light decorations hung or sat along the walls. The three of them walked toward
  the back, Jason and Kathy stopping at the adult novelties section.  
 For a moment, the three of them laughed like any young kids would laugh,
  chuckling over motion lotion, edible panties, and fur covered bondage cuffs.
  Angie was well familiar with those types of items, and she recognized a set
  of nylon and foam cuffs near the bottom shelf that played major parts in her
  own memories.  
 Jason picked up a bottle shaped like the chest of a girl with the inscription "Boob
  Lube", uncapping it and holding it to his nose. He smiled and let Kat smell
  it.  
 "Can I help you?" asked a voice from behind them. Angie turned to see a
  dark haired man with a short black beard looking at them. His name tag said "Tino" and "assistant
  manager".  
 Jason looked a bit sheepish. "Well, uh&hellip;" his voice trailed off.  
 "Absolutely." Announced Kat, taking the bottle from Jason. "We were wondering
  how this works."  
 Tino's eyes widened a little. "I would have thought that was kind of obvious." His
  mouth turned upward in a little smile.  
 "Well I'm just wondering if it works." Kat replied haughtily.  
 "I'm sure it does. Besides, if it doesn't work properly after you've purchased
  it, just bring it back with your receipt and we will give you a full refund." Tino
  said, smiling.  
 Kat looked once at Angie and then turned back to Tino. "Well, tell you what.
  I'd like to test it first, before I buy it. If it works well, I'll buy the
  bottle okay?"  
 Tino looked confused, wondering if he had heard this beautiful blonde correctly. "I'm
  sorry&hellip;you&hellip;what?"  
 Kat smiled and turned toward Angie. "Lift your shirt up, Angie. We need
  to test the Boob Lube and yours are the most accessible."  
 Angie's eyes grew a little wild and she took a hesitant step back. The slight
  ring of the vibroballs seemed very loud in the silence. Kat's eyes took a hardened
  dangerous look and Angie reached down, grasping the pointy bottom of her shirt.
  She pulled upward, pulling the tight cloth up and over her bare breasts. Tears
  filled her eyes and she bit her lip.  
 "Here Jason. Lube up her left breast okay?" Kat said, holding out the bottle
  and squeezing a small amount onto the teenage boy's outstretched hand. The
  lotion was a dark chocolate color and a similar scent filled the air as Jason
  reached out and cupped Angie's breast. His palm circled her nipple as she sucked
  in a gasp from the cold lotion. His hand made wider circles as Angie moaned
  and leaned forward, shifting from side to side, the vibroballs ringing their
  song.  
 "Here Mr. Tino, would you see if it works on her other breast?" Asked Kat,
  her voice demure. The assistant manager had his eyes locked on the whimpering
  teenage brunette in front of him. He raised his hand without even looking at
  Kathy.  
 In seconds two hands were lubing Angie's boobs, massaging the thick cream
  into her globes. Her fingers grasped the edge of the shelf, tightly clinging
  to the metal as she struggled to maintain her balance. Jason kept up the tingling
  circular motions of his palm on her nipple, knowing the gentle sensations would
  drive her mad. Tino however was kneading and pinching, squeezing the full mound
  like one of the stress balls sold three shelves further up the store.  
 Angie's voice squeaked as her hips shook back and forth. Her mouth parted
  in a soft but strong sigh and her body trembled momentarily as her first orgasm
  of evening rushed through her.  
 "I think that's enough gentlemen." Said Kat, closing the bottle top. "I
  think this stuff works very well." She turned to Tino who was still staring
  at Angie's naked bosom.  
 "We'll buy it."  
 They made Angie carry it, the thin plastic bag easily identifying the bright
  logo and words to anyone who cared to look. Angie's face blushed scarlet as
  the few people at the mall stared at her, passively ignoring the gorgeous couple
  with her. Every once in a while, Kat would drop her keys, turning to Angie
  and asking her to pick them up. The first time, Angie bent, dropping to her
  knees, desperately trying to keep her skirt from riding up her ass. But the
  low whistle from behind her was signal enough that her dainty bottom was more
  than just peeking out.  
 Angie felt as if she were in another world, one where sex and frustration
  mingled in ways unimaginable to any but her. Her sex was still throbbing with
  need, the vibroballs ringing their toll, her breasts still tingling from their
  earlier massage. Her mind only vaguely noticed the other shoppers.  
 "Lets go down here." Kat said, pushing open one of the back corridor doors
  that said "employees only". Jason and Angie followed the blonde domineering
  girl, who sauntered down the yellow painted corridor past green doors labeled
  with store names. They rounded a corner and Kat stopped holding up her hand.  
 "This is good. No one will see us." She motioned at Angie. "Lift up your
  shirt again, dear."  
 Angie didn't hesitate this time, immediately grabbing the hem of her front
  and pulling it up. Her breasts were still creamy and the scent of chocolate
  filled the corridor.  
 "Damn, girl, you smell good enough to eat!" exclaimed Jason, once more in
  rapture.  
 "Yeah, whatever." Said Kat while rummaging through her purse. "Ah. Here
  they are." She announced, pulling out a set of black nipple clamps connected
  with a black chain.  
 Angie recoiled slightly, her back against the wall. Her eyes teared up again,
  knowing what was to happen.  
 Kat handed one end of the chain to Jason, pinching the other clamp between
  her thumb and forefinger. "You get her right breast, and I'll take care of
  her left. Clamp at the same time okay?"  
 Jason nodded, lifting the clamp up to Angie's bare nipple.  
 Angie held her breath as her two friends held the clamps open, positioning
  them around each delicate nipple. Her mind barely registered Kat's backward
  counting&hellip;3&hellip;2&hellip;1, until both clamps grasped down and she
  uttered a single loud cry filled with a tingling pain. Her hands flew to her
  bosom, but were caught by Kat before Angie could touch her pinched nubs.  
 "What the hell is going on here?" said a deep voice. Angie glanced up to
  see one of the mall security officers approaching from around the corner. With
  a startled gasp she yanked the front of her shirt down, snagging the chain,
  and yanking one of the clamps off her breast. She whimpered, holding her hand
  to her bosom as Jason stepped backward and Kat moved in front of Angie.  
 "Evening, officer. Angie was just adjusting her outfit." Kat said pleasantly
  as the tall man approached. He wore a white uniform shirt with a metal gold
  badge. His Sam Browne belt was studded with pouches and containers, and a huge
  black metal flashlight swung from a plastic ring on his belt.  
 "That's not what it looks like, miss." Commented the officer, leaning to
  the side to look around Kat at Angie. "Are you okay, young lady?" He directed
  his comments at Angie.  
 Angie looked down at the ground and nodded. The officer's eyes narrowed
  suspiciously.  
 "Are these your friends? If they're not, you can tell me. I'll make sure
  your protected."  
 Angie looked up at the officer. "Oh no, Officer. They're my friends. This
  is my best friend, Kat." She pointed at the glaring blonde.  
 "Kat?" The officer asked, looking at Kathy.  
 "It's a nickname." Kathy said testily.  
 "So what's that dangling out from under your shirt?" asked the Officer,
  once more addressing Angie.  
 "Look Officer, I'll be honest with you." Said Kat, moving forward. "It's
  a nipple clamp. Angie was bad today and this is her punishment."  
 The officer looked at Kathy with a amazed expression. "You mean this is
  some sort of kinky sex game?" He looked down at Angie, for the first time registering
  her outfit. "And you're okay with this?" He asked.  
 Once more Angie nodded, smiling ever so slightly. The officer shook his
  head and let out an explosive breath.  
 "Well, ok. I guess you're all right then, but ya'll can't be doing this
  sort of thing here at the mall. Heck your outfit alone is almost indecent.
  Ya'll will need to come with me to the security office. Policy is for you three
  to receive trespass notices good for a month."  
 "What?" demanded Kathy?  
 The officer looked at Kat. "You heard me. You can't play your little sex
  games here. I'm going to trespass the three of you for a month. Can't come
  to the mall at all. If you do and we see you, you go to jail, directly to jail,
  you don't pass go, and you sure as hell don't collect two hundred dollars."  
 "That's a pretty extreme punishment, don't you think?" asked Kat, anger
  in her voice.  
 "You want to complain? If you'd rather, I can call the police now." The
  Officer smiled. "Or perhaps a parent?"  
 Kat shook her head.  
 "Very well then, let's go to the security office."  
 "Here's an idea, Officer. I'd like to offer something else as punishment.
  As you know, Angie here is supposed to be punished. Instead of the nipple clamps,
  she could be spanked" Kat paused, "by you, instead of us receiving trespass
  notices."  
 "You want me to spank your friend?"  
 Kat nodded, a smile on her face. "Absolutely. Thirty spanks on her bare
  butt." She glanced at the officer, seeing him waver.  
 "And then she can show you how good she can suck cock." Kat said, knowing
  the final offer would push him over the edge.  
 The security guard hesitated only a moment and then nodded his acceptance,
  glancing down at the cute little brunette in the black skirt. Angie had said
  nothing, her left breast still throbbing from the clinging clamp. She wondered
  how far Kat was going to make her go.  
 "You heard him, Angie. You get spanked for us. Get in position, girl. You
  know the drill." Ordered Kat.  
 Angie turned and faced the wall, her hands pushing the skirt downward toward
  her high heeled pumps. She heard the guard's breathe catch in his throat and
  she tugged the thong out of her crotch.  
 "What the hell is that ringing sound?" asked the guard.  
 Kat just laughed. "Her pussy is stuffed with vibroballs. How many orgasms
  have you had tonight, Angie?"  
 "Two." Angie said softly, her panties dropping atop her skirt. She laid
  her arms on the wall in front of her head, spreading her legs and raising her
  bottom upward.  
 "Now, now, Angie! Did you forget the rules about spankings?" Demanded Kat. "You
  know you're to receive all spankings bare breasted!"  
 Angie quickly reached down and pulled up her shirt, the hanging clamp coming
  free to dangle from one breast straight down. Angie groaned as the weight pulled
  on her nipple.  
 "To late, slut." Kat said harshly. "You go naked now for the whole thing." Kat
  yanked on the tie string to Angie's shirt, yanking them loose in a single pull.
  Angie cried out as the whole cloth fell to the floor in front of her feet.
  Kat grabbed the dangling clamp and reattached it to Angie's bare nipple, eliciting
  a sharp groan from the tormented girl.  
 "There we go, officer. She's all ready for her spanking." Kat said, stepping
  back and motioning toward the naked girl.  
 The officer stepped forward, gingerly reaching out to touch Angie. His fingers
  slid up over her back and around to her front where he touched the curve of
  her breasts. His hand bounced the chain between her nipples lightly, Angie
  jumping with each little tug. Finally his fingers went down her belly to cup
  her sex, feeling the copious amounts of juices leaking from her body. His fingers
  found the exposed string of the vibroballs and he yanked on it, a loud ringing
  coming from Angie's well.  
 "Hey, Officer. I said a spanking!" said Kat.  
 The guard smiled and turned to Kat. "Well, I just wanted to see if she was
  truly getting off on this. But I got to ask&hellip; Don't you think she would
  feel better during the spanking if she had my flashlight rammed up her instead
  of those oversized marbles?"  
 Kat's eyes widened as she glanced down at the flashlight. Its black metal
  length was huge, easily a foot and a half long and two inches thick, holding
  D size batteries. It would be cold and huge when it penetrated into Angie's
  soft sex. Kat's face broke into an evil mischievous grin.  
 Kat reached forward between Angie's legs and tugged on the vibroballs. They
  rang with clarity as each of the three balls was tugged from their wet enclosure.
  Angie moaned, shuddering naked, as each ball rubbed against her clit. With
  a ringing clatter, Kat yanked the balls free, swinging the bright red latex
  covered bells from a soaked string.  
 "Okay, Officer. I think Angie is ready for that flashlight now." Kat announced. "Take
  a step backward, Angie, and bend over. The officer is going to do one of those
  body cavity searches on you."  
 Angie's breasts ached as she moved backward, stepping out of her fallen
  skirt and panties. Her body trembled in the cool air as she leaned forward
  against the wall, bent in half. The black chain between the clamps dangled
  deliciously downward, seemingly pulling her tender nipples earthward.  
 The guard removed his flashlight with a steely slide, turning it around
  in his hand so that the butt of the light rose obscenely like some huge phallus.
  He approached Angie from behind, marveling at the sight of the pretty teenager
  who stood bent over at the waist; legs spread wide, the wide lips of her shaven
  sex gaping with need and lust. Her sex glistened and he pressed the end of
  his light up against her folds, twisting it along her flesh, watching as the
  end was coated with the juices of sex.  
 He pushed inward, the first inch spreading Angie's hole wide apart. She
  let out a tender squeal and the guard looked forward at Angie's face.  
 "You okay, sweety?" He asked in concern.  
 "Oh the heck with that!" Said Kat, her voice dripping with scorn. "She's
  had bigger things rammed up her before."  
 The guard's eyes widened. "Really? Like what?" he asked, pushing again,
  sliding more of the black spot light into Angie's body.  
 "Give us the litany, Angie. What's been inside that cute little pussy of
  yours?" asked Kat.  
 Angie bit her lip, still dealing with the cold unyielding monstrosity being
  pushed slowly up into her body. Her loins tried to grip the metal monster,
  but kept slipping as it slid deeper. The sharp slap from Kat's hand on her
  left buttock brought the previous order back to the front of her mind.  
 "Uh&hellip;a cucumber." She stuttered, momentarily pushing backward against
  the flashlight.  
 "Keep going, Angie. Everything." Kat said.  
 "Vibroballs." Angie said, pulling forward and then backward again.  
 "Go on honey, tell us all about it." Said the guard.  
 "B-b-bottom plug, beer bottles, soda bottles, garden hose&hellip;" Angie
  punctuated each item with a backward thrust against the flashlight.  
 "Hair brush, g-g-golf balls, ice cubes, chocolate&hellip;"  
 "My god, you are a slut aren't you?" demanded the guard making a hard push
  with the light that brought a sudden groan out of the impaled teenager.  
 "Keep going, Angie!" called out Jason, who was rubbing his cock through
  his jeans.  
 "Banana, ice c-c-cream, an apple, lollipop, a stapler&hellip;"  
 The guard looked up, his eyebrow cocked. "You fucked a stapler?"  
 Kat laughed. "No, I fucked her with a stapler. Good story too. Go on, slut."  
 "A-a-a tennis racket, a baseball bat, a candle, a ruler&hellip;"  
 "My god is there anything she hasn't fucked?" Asked the guard.  
 Kat frowned at him. "Yeah. You. Look, you've fucked her silly with that
  thing, so go ahead and give her the spanking.  
 The guard frowned but then smiled, turning sideways. He kept the flashlight
  buried in Angie's sex with his left hand, pulling his right out and high, crashing
  it downward onto the plump and white cheek of Angie's bottom.  
 Angie buried her mouth in her arm, screaming into the skin, muffling her
  intense reaction. The officer had struck her hard, sending rippling waves through
  her body. She leaned forward, clenching her bottom hard. Her muscles squeezed
  against the intruder still buried and she felt the beginnings of her third
  orgasm begin to build.  
 "Nice hand print, Officer. Can you make another?" Kat said coaxingly.  
 The guard swung again, planting his hand on the other side of Angie's bottom.
  Two huge red handprints decorated her flesh. He swung again, obliterating the
  first mark, but making the larger portion of Angie's tush scarlet.  
 Kat began counting as Angie began crying, flowing tears dripping down as
  she squealed and screamed into her own forearm. Finally it was over, the guard
  stopped his swinging, still holding the flashlight.  
 Kat stepped forward, taking the flashlight from the dazed man and began
  rapidly pumping it in and out of Angie, ramming it deeply into her. Her pink
  petals spread wide with each extraction, only to crush together again as the
  slick metal pushed inward. Squelching sounds echoed through the hallway, punctuated
  by the soft gasping sighs made by the spanked girl.  
 Angie's head rose upward and her body tensed, becoming ridged as Kat pumped
  against her. She began to shake and her left hand reached out and snagged Jason's
  shirt, drawing him close to her. He reached out as she put her weight on him,
  hugging her naked spread body to his. He raised his hands and yanked both nipple
  clamps off her chest. Angie let out a loud cry and jerked wildly, her eyes
  rolling, clenching her hands into fists, before relaxing into loud deep breaths.  
 Kat slowly stood up from her kneeling position. She held the flashlight
  in her hands, removed from Angie, but still covered with her juices. She watched
  as Angie slowly calmed down, holding on to Jason like a life line.  
 "Here you are, officer." Kat said, handing the gooey night light back to
  the security guard.  
 He took it gingerly, his hands trying to stay away from the creamy mess
  covering his flashlight.  
 "I want my cock sucked now." He said, looking at Kat.  
 "She's not in any condition to suck you." Replied Kat with a smirk. "You
  fucked her with your flashlight. That's enough." Kat bent down and picked up
  Angie's fallen clothes, handing them to Jason. He took them and started to
  help Angie get dressed.  
 "Now wait a moment. You said she would suck my cock. Either that happens
  or you get trespassed."  
 Kat shook her head. "I don't think so. Not after the three of us testify
  that you raped Angie here with your flashlight, threatening us all with jail."  
 "What?" The guard exclaimed, his eyes flashing wildly.  
 "You heard me rent-a-cop! What happens now is we go out that door and leave
  the mall, and you go out that door wherever that leads. You don't talk to us
  or tell us what to do, and we don't tell anyone about your body cavity search
  on Angie using a Mag light.  
 The officer hesitated, looking at Jason who had finished dressing Angie,
  knotting the last tie in place.  
 Kat smiled at the officer and then shouted. "Help! Rape! Help US!"  
 The officer moved forward. "Wait! Wait! Okay! Okay! You can go!"  
 "Well thank you, Officer. We appreciate your generosity." She motioned at
  Jason and Angie. "Well, out the door you two. Let's go, like the good officer
  said."  
 Angie hung on Jason's arm as they proceeded Kathy forward back into the
  mall. Angie's clothes were disheveled, still baring obscene amounts of flesh,
  but her walk was tiny and tired. Her eyes were downcast and Jason could detect
  the overpowering scent of sex upon the young girl holding on to him for support.  
 Kat strutted behind the two, her eyes turning back to the corridor door,
  watching for the security guard. When he didn't follow, she resumed the lead,
  bringing her two charges back to the parking lot and the car.  
 "Well Angie, I hope you enjoyed your trip to the mall." Asked Kathy as they
  again sat in the car, Angie and Jason in the back.  
 "Yes, Kat, I did. Thank you." Angie replied obediently.  
 "What about you, Jason? Did you enjoy your trip to the mall?"  
 Jason laughed. "Oh yeah. But I'm so hard now I need to pop again."  
 Without a word, Angie pulled her skirt up, pulling the soaked red thong
  down over her legs and off her feet. She fumbled with Jason's button, but his
  own strong fingers freed it, yanking the denim downward. Angie moved over his
  lap, facing him, then bringing herself downward, plunging his shaft deep into
  her own body.  
 Jason's hands freed the knots of her shirt, letting the covering chevron
  drop, exposing the pink bruised nipples standing erect. Flashing car lights
  illuminated Angie's soft skin as his hands caressed her. He picked up the fallen
  bottle of Boob Lube, filled his hands, and then reached up, cupping Angie's
  tender breasts.  
 Kat watched Angie's moving back in the rearview mirror. "Hey Angie! If you
  can make Jason come before we get back to my house, the rest of the night will
  just be soft gentle love making. Think you can handle that? Cause if you can't
  we're going to tie you to the bed and spend four hours using a belt on that
  tender pussy of yours."  
 Angie made a mewling sound, grinding downward.  
 "Hey Kat?" Jason said, gasping out loud in the darkness. "I think you'd
  better step on it. Angie is really good at this."  
To Be Continued&hellip;  
I want to thank Angelica "justangie" for allowing me to use her experience
  as the basis for this story. She was incredibly patient and honest with me
  as I drew forth the details of her experience. Also, I would like to thank
  Kathrine, for allowing me access to Angie. I have of course, used my story
  teller's license to create dialogue as well as attitudes, and I hope both young
  ladies will forgive any inaccuracies. Since both have given me permission to "fictionalize" their
  many experiences together, I look forward to bringing you more of their adventures
in the future.  
Sincerely,  
 Michael Alexander  
 michaelalexander7575@yahoo.com  








Angies Humiliation Part 3

 
  Richard Kern
   jim
  2
  1
  2007-02-06T00:27:00Z
  2007-02-06T00:27:00Z
  1
  5670
  32323
  269
  75
  37918
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Angies Humiliation Part 3

By: Michael Alexander

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 The summer heat made the night warm and sticky as the
scent of fields of hay swirled like dust devils through the milky
twilight. Angie pulled up into the
driveway, licking her lips in anticipation as she put the car into park. Kats house was a large brick edifice with
sloping eaves and a huge pool in the back yard.
Angie stepped out of the car, smoothing down her short skirt and walked
to the backyard gate. 

 It swung open softly with only the groaning of the spring
that pulled it shut behind her. Angie
moved past the large pampas plant that hid the pump and stepped up onto the
concrete decking and turned toward the house.
As she expected, the kitchen lights were blazing and the warm buttery
light spilled out across the deck like an open invitation. Angie smiles as she saw Kat standing at the
counter, slicing an apple and cheddar cheese as she talked animatedly into a
cell phone.

 Angie strode purposefully to the back door, rapping once
before opening it. Kat looked up and
smiled, waving her in.

 No. We are
totally set up. Youve got the
lists? Good. No. I
think about twenty minutes or so. No,
youll be able to see it. Okay. Yeah, you can call but I would prefer you
not. Okay. Yeah.
You too. Kat laughed. Bye.


 Hey Angelica! You
look sweet! Kat said, popping a sliver
of cheese into her mouth. Her long
blonde hair lay softly across her shoulders, contrasting with the black tee
shirt and jeans she was wearing.

 Angie smiled. Thanks,
Kat.

 Kat nodded. You
hungry? I sliced up some green apples
and cheese. Kat held out the plate to
Angie.

 No, thats okay.
Mom made me have something before I came over. Angie replied.

 Kat shook her head.
Your mother is way too worried. Dads child support and alimony payments cover
plenty.

 Angie looked through the archway out into the living
room. Speaking of moms

 Out at Davids place.
She said that she wouldnt be back tonight.

 Angie had expected that.
Jason coming over tonight? She
asked, somewhat hesitantly.

 Kat shrugged.
Hes got to work late. Closing
the place down tonight so Im not sure.
Maybe later. Depends on if hes
tired or not.

 Angie laughed.
Yeah right. You mean if hes
turned on or not.

 Kat smiled.
Why? Looking for something
interesting?

 Angie suddenly blushed.

 Thats what I thought.
My room. Now. Kat ordered.

 Angies heart quivered once at that command and she
turned and walked through the living room down the hall toward Kats room. She felt a quickening in her sex, an
excitement and sexually charged tension fill her body as she sensed Kat
following her.

 The door to Kats room was open and Angie stepped into
the pink and fluffy world that Kat still lived in. Like a perpetual doll with long legs, blonde
hair, and more pink accessories than a Mary Kay consultant, Kat lived in a
world of lace and filigree.

 The desk chair was sitting in the middle of the room,
near the bed, but still facing the computer.
Angie stopped for a second, contemplating the positioning. Kat was meticulous, a paranoid neat freak and
Angie had never seen the chair out from its usual place.

 Stand in front of the chair. Kat ordered, closing the door behind her.

 With a look of confusion, Angie stepped in front of the
chair, facing the computer, the soft humming of the fan barely noticeable. Angie looked over at Kat who reached under
the bed and pulled out a shoe box. The
tall blonde passed the box to Angie.

 Take those shoes out and put them on. Kat said, smiling at Angie.

 Angie opened the box and found a pair of gold colored
high heeled shoes, with open toes, and thin straps that were meant to circle
round the ankle and calf. Angie shook
her head chuckling as she kicked off her usual flip flops and sat down to put
on the shoes. It took several minutes,
the buckles being small and difficult to manage, but eventually she
accomplished the task, standing back up.

 I think you can lose the skirt now, Angie. Kat said, sitting down on the bed and
watching with a mischievous smile.

 Yes Kat. Angie replied.
She hooked the waist band of the skirt with her thumbs and began tugging
the denim skirt down over her hips.
After one stretched moment, the cloth fell, baring the soft camel toe
shape of Angies shaven slit. The curves
were incased in red stretch cotton, a tiny thong that Kat had given Angie
several weeks earlier. Angie had known
that wearing the thong would incite Kats sexual creativity and she turned,
posing in her high heels, white blouse, and red thong.

 Oh yes! Turn for
me, Angie! Kat said, laughing, her eyes
glimmering. Take off the shirt too!

 Angie laughed lightly, pirouetting in front of the chair
as she pulled the white blouse off over her head. The white lace bra encasing her breasts was
pulled tight, creating a delicate deep dark cleavage. Kat held up a single finger and twisted it,
pointing at the bra and Angie smiled, reaching behind her back and flicking the
clasp open.

 The bra loosened and the straps fell, freeing two large creamy
white globes capped with two tiny pink buttons.
Angie reached up and pulled the bra away, grazing her own nipples and
making each nub stand pertly upright.
Kat applauded and Angie bowed, then snagged her thong and playfully
peeled it away.

 She stood naked, her legs parted, the wet red lips of her
mouth opened slightly. Angie looked at
Kat with evident desire, her shoulder length brunette hair and round curves
calling out her sexual needs.

 Sit down in the chair, Angie. Kat ordered.

 Angie sat down on the chair twisting and posing, her
knees together for a moment before she herself opened them wide, spreading her
legs to either side of the chair. Kat
nodded in appreciation and then stood up, approaching.

 Angie shivered as Kats hands caressed her arms and
shoulders, pulling them upward. It was
no surprise to the seated girl that Kat was holding a pair of padded cuffs
which quickly were secured to each wrist and then locked together. A single strand of rope was stretched upward
to a tiny white hook that was screwed in to the ceiling. Angie looked up and smiled, remembering
borrowing her fathers stud finder in order to place that hook.

 Her hands tied up over her head, Angie watched as Kat
circled her and then placed another cuff on her ankle. A matching one went on the other leg and Kat
pulled out two long pieces of rope. Angie kept her mouth shut as Kat threaded
the rope through the hook on her right leg, tying it tightly, but looked on
curiously as Kat stood up and walked to the closet door.

 Wait Kat! Im not
sure Angie started to say but was interrupted as Kat pulled up on the rope,
yanking Angies leg out at almost a ninety degree angle. Kat tied the rope tightly to the doorknob as
Angie adjusted to the new position. With
a few steps Kat moved across the room, tying a second length of rope to Angies
other leg, pulling it up and outward until the beautiful brunette was doing the
splits atop the chair.

 What are you planning, Kat? Demanded Angie as Kat moved up to her desk
and began fiddling with some black wire.

 Kat turned around and moved forward several steps to
Angie. She placed a head set on the
bound girl and Angie looked down to see the shape of a foam covered microphone
just an inch from her mouth.

 Oh my God! No
Kat! Angie said, beginning to
understand what was in store for her.

 Kat just laughed.
Oh its already too late, Angie.
Youve been on cam since you entered the room. Say hello to our panel of judges.

 Kat took a step back and moved the mouse just a bit which
deactivated the screen saver. A small
box was plainly in view and Angie could see her entire body, stretched out on
the screen, from toe to toe and all the way up to her bound hands. Additionally, a number of small windows on
the monitor showed other cams, men all of them, who seemed very intent on
looking at their monitors.

 Angies eyes filled with tears. Oh please KatI cant! I meanall these guysseeing me like this!

 Kats eyes hardened.
Say hello, Angie.

 Angie swallowed her tears and choked out a strangled
greeting.

 A chorus of hellos came back through the head phone and
she watched as two of the men waved at her.

 Were going to play a rather special game tonight,
Angie. Its called twenty
questions. There are five panelists who
each will ask you four questions. You
will answer in complete sentences with full details. For example, if someone asks you how old you
are, you would say Im seventeen and was born on July 15th and am a
Cancer. I was born at blah blah time and
I weighed whatever. You
understand? Kat said, her hands on her
hips.

 Angie nodded, looking at the computer screen in
humiliation. Not only was she to be
exposed physically, but also mentally, personally, to these individuals. She twisted slightly in her seat, her sex
gaping open toward the web cam.

 Oh yeah, two more things. Kat said.
First, we are going to insert this vibrator into your pussy for the
entire duration. Hopefully you can
concentrate on your answers, but we dont want this to be easy for you. Also, after every answer we will take a quick
poll from our panelists on whether you did a satisfactory job in answering
their question. If you did poorly, then
you get punished. Kat smiled.

 Angie nodded. Her
thighs ached from their outstretched position, her toes pointed and her feet
arched in the high heels from the shoes and rope. Kat moved up beside her and held up a new
bright blue vibrator. Angie realized
that the color had been specially chosen for visibility in a sea of pink
flesh. She shivered once as Kat ran the
tip up through the folds of her sex.
With a soft push, the tip dipped in deep and Kat began thrusting it in
and out, angling it with the dual purpose of inciting the sexual juices of
Angie as well as to titillate the cyber participants who were watching.

 Angie let out a moan as the vibrator dove deep. Kat grinned as she worked the rubber wonder,
slipping it upward into the soft well of the bound brunette. With a quick turn at the base, Kat activated
the vibrator, wedging it against the seat so that it wouldnt slip out. Angie let out a tiny squeal and squirmed
against the ropes. It did nothing to
help her position, merely emphasizing her helplessness.

 Lets begin!
Panelist number one? Kat
announced with grandiose posturing.

 Angie heard a low voice in her head phones.

 Uhhello Angie.
Im Jonathon. My first question
is to ask you to tell us about the most embarrassing sexual moment youve ever
had.

 Angies mouth twisted in a frown. You mean besides being tied up with my legs
spread wide, put on cam in front of five guys who I dont know, have a vibrator
inserted up into me in plain view, and then be forced by pain of punishment to
answer embarrassing questions?

 Kat glared at Angie who stared back at her. You just earned yourself a punishment,
Angie, for your smart alec mouth. Answer
the question.

 Angie nodded, trying to ignore the ceaseless stimulation
coming from between her legs. I suppose
the most embarrassing is the golf ball incident. Kat picked me up at home and we were on the
way to school. I was wearing a skirt,
like Kat had ordered me too and when we parked she ordered me to remove my
panties. Angie bit her lip and struggled
for a moment, her thighs shaking. When
I did, Kat held out three golf balls and ordered me to put them inside my
pussy. Kat said I had to keep them
inside all day, except to use the restroom.
Angies bottom seemed to be bouncing.


 It was difficult walking with them in. They seemed to want to roll and bounce and I
was terribly horny. During third period
class change though, I was walking through the hall and two of them slipped out
onto the floor, all wet and slimy and the clattered and I had too chase them
down the hall. I was totally embarrassed
and worried that someone had noticed them falling out from under my skirt.

 Angie looked at the computer monitor and saw that all
five of the panelists seemed to have enjoyed her little recitation. The vibrator inside her was driving her
crazy, buzzing away and stimulating her.
It didnt help that the question had been sexual, and Angie felt a
sudden trembling as the confluence of events stimulated her far beyond the
simple vibrations of a sex toy.

 Kat stood up.
Ill begin by asking the panel for their votes, but will remind the
panel that little Miss Angie here has already earned a punishment for her
sarcasm.

 Jonathon started.
I think that was a good answer, Mistress Kat.

 I agree. Another
voice stated.

 Golf balls, Kat?
Very creative. I give Angie a
plus for that answer. Someone else said.

 I have to disagree with the other panelists, Mistress
Kat. Angie seemed to have some
hesitation and of course her sarcasm was totally out of line. I give her a minus on that one. Said one person.

 Hmmmyes the answer was interesting, but she was
sarcastic. I say punish her. The last panelist said.

 Kat laughed and moved over toward Angie. I agree.
She was sarcastic. Her punishment
is a through breast whipping.

 Angies head snapped toward Kat just as the leather
flogger flipped through the air. All
fifteen lashes of the whip slapped sharply against the soft creamy mounds of
her chest, immediately bringing stripes of pink to the surface. Angie moaned, her legs trembling, her arms
pulling hard against the ceiling hook.
Kat swung again, harder this time, making both breasts jiggle and bounce
like fishes on hooks. Angie bit her lip,
but the next stroke brought a squeal of pain from her and she looked down to
see Kat swing again, making the pink turn red.

 Kat stepped back and admired the flushed skin of Angies
bosom. Tears cascaded down Angies
cheeks, only to fall down upon her own reddened chest, creating glistening
trails of moisture that only heightened the appeal of her punished
breasts. Angie knew the sounds of her
ordeal were clearly being heard by the panelists, who seemed in rapture to the
tableau before them. Worse, the whipping
had merely accentuated the intense sensations coming from between her legs, and
she could hear the sounds of wetness as she squirmed in her seat.

 All right, I think that pretty much handles the first
punishment. Kat announced, dropping the
leather flogger on the bed. She moved
behind Angie and ran her hands over the bound girls shoulders, slowly moving
down until she cupped each still flushed breast, her thumbs softly rubbing the
nipples. Lets move on.

 Angie, my name is Tom.
Id like you to describe your first public humiliation.

 Angie nodded, her mind struggling to put the still
lingering heat from her breasts, as well as the maddening buzz in her sex out
of her mind. Finally she composed
herself.

 About two years ago Kat really wanted some ice cream and
there wasnt any here at her house, so we decided to run up to the grocery
store. I was wearing a mini skirt and a
tank top, since Kat likes me in those. I
wasnt allowed to wear panties. Back
then, going without panties embarrassed me, but it made me really wet. Anyway, it was like one in the morning and
when we got to the store there were only the front clerk and a night manager
working. 

 Kat and I walked through the bakery and deli and were
about to pass through the produce section when Kat stopped me and pulled me
over to the cucumber display. Angie
paused, her pink flower seeming to pulse, her thighs rippling as a wave of
pleasure cascaded over her, causing her to gasp and moan. K-k-kat made me choose a cucumber, telling
me to pick the biggest most twisted one I could find. After I choose, Kat pulled me behind the
apple display, told me to lift my skirt, and ram the cucumber up into my pussy.

 Putting in the cucumber was hard because it was so
misshapen, and I remember being scared to death that I would get caught. But that only made me so much wetter and I
remember when the tip of it pressed up against my bone. There was still two or three inches sticking
out of me, and my pussy was stretched, but it was everything I could do to keep
from begging Kat to let me fuck myself right there. Instead, she made me follow her, waddling
behind her too the ice cream freezers and then to the checkout stand. I know the two guys working were wondering
about me. I was panting and trying to
keep my face expressionless. As Kat was
paying for the ice cream, she leaned over to the checkout clerk and said very
clearly, Dont mind her. Shes got a
vibrator rammed up into her pussy right now.
His eyes bugged out and he stared at me and I couldnt help it. I shuddered and came right there. I could feel myself leaking, my own juices
trickling down my leg. I had to hold on
to the checkout stand just to keep myself standing.

 Angie closed her eyes, her hands clenched into to
fists. Reliving that moment had awakened
that sensation of humiliation even more thoroughly that she imagined. She looked that the monitor screen at the
five men who were watching her and she blushed red. 

 Jonathon was quick to pipe up. Wow!
How erotic! I give her a plus!

 Tom nodded in agreement.
Yeah. That was pretty
amazing. I love hearing you gasp like
that too.

 The third voice came on.
Well I think she shouldnt have paused like that in the middle of her
answer. This whole thing is about
control. I give her a minus.

 The fourth panelist agreed. Yeah, I think she has to give her answers
without little orgasm breaks. Minus
here.

 I think she should be punished, Kat. Said the fifth panelist.

 Kat looked thoughtfully at Angie, who stared at the
computer screen in alarm. It was clearly
written across her face, her wonder at whether a punishment would follow each
and every question.

 I have to agree with Panelists three, four, and
five. Cant let little orgasm breaks
interrupt the answers, Angie. Kat
pulled out three clothespins from a desk drawer and moved behind the bound
girl. Clamp time.

 Angie opened her mouth, but to her credit she didnt
beg. The first clothespins closed down
upon her left nipple, clamping it deeply.
Angie let out a sharp hiss and then a moan as the delicious pinching
forced her sex to squeeze the vibrator tightly.
In a flash the second clothespin matched the first, both nipples
squeezed between the wooden pincers. It
was only then that Angie began to squirm, begging Kat not to use the third
peg. Kat knelt down behind Angies
outstretched leg and reached round, using her finger to stimulate Angies
clit. As it swelled, Kat lifted the last
clothespin and quickly clamped it to the bound girls most sensitive part.

 Angie couldnt help it, crying out as a wave of lust
filled agony rushed through her body. Her legs shook and the little wooden peg
seemed to dance as her bottom lifted up off the seat, trying desperately to
deal with the cruel bite of the clothespin.
Her eyes closed in pain and she opened her mouth in a sensual cry that
made all five men watching smile.

 Kat stood up, enjoying Angies torment as much as the
panelists and she turned and smiled at the web cam. All right, I think we are ready for the next
question.

 The third panelist nodded. Right you are, Kat. Angie, Im Rick. Please tell us how your cherry was popped.

 Angie opened her eyes, trying to focus. The pinching of her nipples and clit were
painful intrusions that had her chest heaving, every muscle of her body
trembling. She looked toward her
outstretched leg and watched as her toes curled involuntarily within the gold
opened toed shoe. 

 UmuhI was fourteen.
Angie said, her words spilling out between the heavy breaths she was
taking. I had been masturbating by
j-j-just rubbing my clit. I wanted
something bigger than my finger, so I used my hair brush handle and m-m-made
myself cum. She said, her face
darkening from shame and the sensations from her sensitive parts.

 There was a moment of silence as the panelists waited,
but when it became apparent that Angie was finished, Jonathon spoke up.

 I hate to say this, but that answer was a little too
short. I know Angie is hurting from the
clamps, but I just cant approve that answer.

 The little cam picture of Tom nodded. I agree.
Minus on that one.

 The third panelist, Rick smiled once. Totally unacceptable Kat.

 Another voice joined in.
I agree. Minus on that one.

 Thumbs down Mistress Kat. Punish her.

 Kat nodded and turned toward Angie, shrugging her
shoulders. Sorry girl. But your answer was unacceptable. She reached out and pulled the clamps off
Angies nipples, tugging on the crushed flesh for just a moment, eliciting a
sharp yelp from the bound brunette. The
clit clamp came off more quickly, and for a moment, Angie reveled in the
release. Kat dropped the clothespins on
her desk and pulled a white colored tube from a drawer and moved behind Angie.

 Quickly, she uncapped the tube and squeezed out a
generous amount of white cream onto her finger.
Putting the tube down, she moved half the cream to her other forefinger
and then reached around Angies body, rubbing the cream into both nipples
simultaneously.

 At first Angie merely moaned, closing her eyes at the
soft massage being applied. It was
deliciously cool on her nipples, which still felt sore after the few minutes of
being painfully clamped. She leaned her
head back, resting it against Kats belly as the stunning blonde girl continued
to rub in the cream.

 But after a moment, Angie groaned. Her head came up and she looked down at her
breasts. The cool tingle had changed to warmth
that seemed to spread deep into her breasts.
With each circle of Kats fingers, Angies breasts warmed until they
felt as hot as they had earlier after being whipped. Angie moaned, realizing that Kat had used
IcyHot Ointment. It was only a moment
later when she realized what the true punishment would be for her poor answer
to the last question.

 Kat once more knelt down, sliding her fingers down the
sides of the bound brunette. Angie
shivered and then began to squirm as Kats ointment covered fingers dipped over
her hips and toward her loins. Still
coated with white cream, Kat slipped her fingers through the soft wet pink
folds of Angies pussy, rubbing in the IcyHot around the vibrator. 

 Angie went crazy.
The tingling burning cold seared her delicate tissues and she bucked
wildly on the chair. Her mouth opened
and a peculiar longing cry issued forth as Kat began to rub the poor girls
clit with an ointment covered digit. It
was intensely erotic, the bound brunette bucking madly upon a vibrator while a
beautiful blonde reached around to torment her.

 Angies orgasm was tremendous, a thundering wave that
left her hanging in her bonds like limp spaghetti. Her head dangled as her body trembled with
the aftermath, her long brown hair spilling over her shoulders. The folds of her sex were bright red and
glistened from her own secretions and every one of the five men watching had
been deeply impressed.

 I think we are ready to continue now. Announced Kat, who had picked up the IcyHot
ointment and returned it to her desk.

 Panelist four nodded and immediately started. Angie, Im Mike. That was one of the most erotic things Ive
ever witnessed. Id love to be able to
take you in hand. Of course I dont
think Id be as talented as Kat, but Id still enjoy you. He shook his head smiling as Angie looked up
through strands of her own hair.
Anyway, I was wondering what the worst punishment youve ever endured
was.

 Angies head fell for a moment as she searched through
her own memories of two years of slavery to Kathy. Kat was her dearest friend, but also her
chief tormentor. Finally she looked up
at the web cam and nodded.

 The worst thing Kat ever did to me was force me to ride
a broom stick. Angie paused and licked
her lips, knowing she had to give every sordid little detail. I had come over to her house and Kat had
placed two kitchen chairs in the living room and laid a broom across the
seats. Kat had me get out IcyHot and
coat the broom stick handle until about an entire foot, right in the center
between the two chairs was thickly coated.
Kat made me straddle the broom stick, which was about at my knees, and
then tied my hands behind my back. Then
Kat told me to kneel down. Angie
swallowed, feeling the residual heat from her own pussy, remembering the fire
of the worst torture.

 I remember kneeling down and feeling the wood mash up
into my pussy almost an inch. It was
very uncomfortable. My thighs were just
not quite long enough to keep me off the wood, so I was actually sitting on the
broom stick with a lot of my weight on it.
After a minute or so, I felt the stinging cold on my pussy, but not just
on my clit, but the entire length and even on my bottom. I tried to stay still, but I couldnt and I
found myself sliding back and forth on the broom handle, sliding along and
rubbing in the IcyHot.

 After another minute, the burning began and I began
rocking, bucking on the handle. Angie
looked down at her swollen pussy, staring at the vibrator as she
continued. Kat kept me riding the pony
for almost twenty minutes. Twenty
minutes where I was on fire and hurting.
Then Kat pulled me up, laid me down on the floor, and used our biggest
dildo on my pussy until I came. Angie
looked up at the web cam. It was the
most intense explosion Ive ever had.

 The silence in the room was palpable. All five web cam views of the panelists
showed wide eyes and more than a few seemed to glance at Kat, who stood leaning
against the desk, her arms folded in front of her. It was Jonathon who broke the silence.

 My god. Plus.

 Tom nodded. Oh
yeah. Thats definitely a plus.

 I agree. Cant
top that. And she answered very
well. Agreed Rick.

 Even, Mike who had so far opposed every answer nodded his
acceptance.

 The last panelist shook his head. Sorry.
As good as that answer was, I like eye contact. Minus from me.

 Jonathon snorted in disgust. You just want to see her tortured!

 And you dont?

 Jonathon frowned but didnt reply.

 Kat moved forward.
Gentlemen, lets not get distracted with bickering. Angie gets a reward. Kat stepped to the desk and removed a bottle
of baby oil from her drawer, uncapping it.
Once more the stunning blond moved behind her friend and slave, cupping
her hand and pouring a liberal amount of the mineral essence out. It dribbled over Angies shoulder as Kat put
down the bottle and created shiny trails of wetness that slowly flowed over the
slope of each breast.

 Kat reached around Angie, rubbing oil onto each hand
before cupping Angies bosom. With slow
kneading strokes, Kat began to work the oil in.
Angie moaned, a smile appearing on her face as the mineral oil began to
neutralize the sting and heat of the ointment.
Kat seemed to pay special attention to the nipples, rubbing her palms in
circular motions across each delicate nub, causing Angie to let out a tiny cry
of pleasure, her bottom starting to buck.

 Her fingers slid down Angies body, leaving trails of
slick oil across the bound brunettes belly until they found the pink and
swollen slit between Angies outstretched and tied legs. Kat worked her fingers through the various
petals, washing away the ointment and working in the oil with practiced
ease. Angie whimpered, raising her hips
and thrusting forward in an obscene display of lust. Kat smiled and took hold of the vibrator,
yanking it forward and almost out of Angie.
With quick thrusts, Kat pounded the vibrator in and out, the wet squelch
of Angies abused sex reaching the ears of the five men watching.

 Angie cried out and her body tensed once more as the
approaching orgasm neared its crest.
Angie tried desperately to close her legs, but the rope holding her high
heel clad feet prevented even that movement and she tilted her head back. Kat thrust the vibrator in deep and then once
more wedged it back in so that no amount of movement on Angies part would
force it loose of its warm wet well.

 Oh god, no Kat!
Please! Im so close! Angie said, her voice a tremulous whisper
that bespoke need, desperation, and desire.
Her hips seemed to dance uncontrollably.


 Kat laughed as she stood up, grabbing a towel from her
chair and wiped her hands. Sorry,
girl. But thats the way it is.

 Angie grimaced and looked down at her body. She tried to concentrate, to ease the need
she was feeling, the pleasure. After a
few moments she gave up. Her eyes
glanced at the clock and she realized that she had already spent over forty
minutes bound with the vibrator inside her.

 Next question please.
Kat announced. Angie looked up at
the picture of the final panelist. 

 Angie, my name is Curt.
Id like you to tell us what your favorite position to be whipped in
is.

 Angie nodded, trying to clear her mind enough to answer
the question. I have two
f-f-favorites. My first is tied. I like being totally out of control when Im
whipped. It doesnt matter where on my
body or how Im tied, just that I cant stop it. My second favorite is what Kat calls a full
body whipping. When we do that, I
undress and then stand facing away from a desk or table. I lean back, place my palms on the desk, and
then take a step forward so Im leaning backward. This pushes my breasts forward. I then have to spread my legs as wide as
possible and hold the position until Kat is done with my front.

 When she tells me too, I turn around and repeat the
position, but in opposite, so that Kat can whip my back. She always starts with the bottoms of my
feet, making me lift each one up. Angie
paused and smiled. She always seems to
spend a lot of time making underhand swings right between my legs, hitting my
bottom and pussy at the same time.

 The votes came in immediately. 

 Plus from me.
Said Jonathon.

 Yeah, plus. Said
Tom.

 I cant find fault anywhere on that one, Kat. Said Rick

 Even Mike agreed.
Yeah. Pretty cool answer.

 Curt grumbled with a frown. Yeah, I guess so.

 Kat nodded. All
right, that means shes earned another reward.
Once more Kat reached into the desk drawer, pulling out a large headed
massager. Two pieces of rope were tied
around the large head of it.

 Angie looked on with curiosity as Kat moved next to
her. The blond dropped the massager and
began to tie the first loose piece of rope around Angies thigh. Everyone watched as the first knot was pulled
tight and Kat lifted the massager and placed the large bibulous head against
Angies clit. The other rope was tied in
a similar manner, blocking the mens view of Angies swollen and pink sex. Kat turned on the massager.

 The effect was immediate.
Angies mouth opened in shock as the vibrations of the massager went to
work on her sensitive clit. The vibrator
inside her was a distraction, a feeling of fullness and a slow building
frustration. The massager on her clit
was an immediate, desperate, rush. Her
hips bucked furiously, her toes curling, and she thrashed madly in the bonds.

 It was Jonathon who spoke next. I think its time for that next question,
Angie. He said as the bound brunette
tried to dislodge the massager. Angie
looked up in horror. There was no way
she could answer like this!

 Whats the most number of orgasms youve had in one
session with Kat? Jonathon asked the
struggling girl.

 Angies mind reeled.
Her clit felt as if it had been sucked into a car wash, alternately
being sprayed, cleaned, heated, cooled, and now vibrated. Her legs trembled and she had difficulty
focusing. It took more than a few
moments for her mind to struggle through the question, her sex pulsing with
need every second of it.

 Finally she replied.
I-I-I t-t-think it was e-e-eleven.
She said shortly, her eyes closing as she more fully remembered the
event. K-K-Kat tied me down to t-t-the
bed and we played Guess the O-object.
She, Kat, kept me tied down s-s-six hours while she s-s-stuffed things
inside me.

 What kind of things?
Demanded Jonathon.

 Kat quickly came forward.
Wait! Thats another
question! You cant ask another like
that! Now, I need a vote. Plus or minus?

 Jonathon frowned, obviously disappointed. Well, I really wanted to know what items, so
I guess a minus.

 Tom nodded. Yeah,
a minus.

 Rick smiled.
Minus.

 Minus, Kat Mike
agreed.

 Curt grinned.
Yep, thats a minus.

 Angie moaned, but a part of her realized that Kat would
probably remove the massager from between her legs and Angie knew that would
make answering further questions easier.
There was a spurting crackling sound and the scent of wood smoke and
Angie turned to see Kat lighting several candles.

 Angie had been waxed before and she knew that Kat could
make it pleasurable, or painful. She
looked down at her oil soaked body and knew in a moment that Kat had planned
thisdown to every detail! Every answer,
every punishment, probably even the questions had been thought out and
preplanned with these five men. Angie
closed her eyes as Kat picked up the red candle and brought it over.

 The gorgeous blonde girl stood holding the candle above
Angies shoulder, seeming to roll the contents round. With a gentle tipping, she turned the jar
sideways and let trickle a bright crimson stream. It fell soundlessly until it dripped directly
upon the tight and oiled point of Angies breast. Angie cried out, a loud and anxious wail that
seemed to echo in the room. Kat moved
the jar over and a trail of hot wax splashed across Angies chest to the other
breast, coating the second mound of punished curves with the same heated
paraffin. 

 Angies breathing came fast and hard as she dealt with
the agony of the wax. Kat was holding
the candle much closer than she had the first time she had waxed Angie, and the
hotter fluid seemed to burn as much or more than the IcyHot had. She tried to twist away, but the bindings on
her legs and arms were too good and she bounced on the chair as both breasts
were coated.

 Suddenly it became too much. The incessant buzzing inside her, the
massaging of her clit, and now the painful coating of her breasts forced her
forward. The lines between ecstasy and
pain had never been very clear to Angie, but now they became the same thing and
she felt the waves of multiple orgasm slam into her like a freight train. She screamed as the first one hit, startling
a couple of the men whose eyes grew wide.
When the second wave hit right after the first, Angies body tightened
in her bonds, turning her ankles and wrists white. Her mouth opened with a tired yet piercing
keen the bespoke a million sensations, yet only one that mattered.

 Kat reached down and turned off the massager, moving it
quickly from Angies clit. Still in the
throes of orgasm, Angie barely noticed the missing sex toy before Kat
positioned the candle directly above her clit.

 The result was instantaneous. A howl came from the poor girls throat as
her clit was seared with the hot red wax.
The final tsunami erupted through her body, an orgasm that caused every
muscle, no matter how small, to tighten and pull, her eyes rolling into the
back of her head. She shook, her body flashing with heat. There was no way to stop it. No way to prevent the sensation. She felt like a tiny boat out on the open sea
in a hurricane. She screamed with
pleasure as it washed over her, swamping her in sudden and total numbness. 

 Oh my god, Kathy?
Is she okay? Asked Jonathon as
Angie slumped over, but held upright by the ropes.

 Kat quickly put down the candle and lifted Angies
head. She checked her breathing and
heart beat with gentle fingers and then turned to her audience. Oh yes, Angies fine. Give her just a moment. Shes done this on occasion. If she has a really intense orgasm, she
sometimes passes out.

 Rick looked relieved.
Ive heard of that before. You
know, that some girls pass out when they come. 

 Jonathon didnt look convinced.

 That was quite a show you just delivered, Kat. Said Curt.
Maybe we should end it here. I
mean, Angie has been through a lot.

 Kat looked surprised.
Youre kidding, right? She
glanced over at Angie who was beginning to rouse. Shes really strong and can take a lot. You guys want to continue right?

 Angies head came up and she looked blankly at the
computer screen. Her mind was a jumble,
her loins a tingling mass of flesh, her breasts hot and heavy. She tried to make sense of the conversation
and after a few moments she realized that she must have passed out.

 Kat turned to Angie and knelt down, resting her hands on
the bound brunettes outstretched legs.
Her crystal blue eyes glittered as she stared into the brown eyed
captive. Angie, these men think youve
had too much. Youve answered six
questions, and this is the seventh. Do
we stop right now, or ask the rest of the questions?

 Angie looked at Kat.
Her entire body ached and she felt as if she had been placed in a taffy
puller. She hung in her ropes
considering. All five of the men seemed
so concerned about her. It gave her a
warm feeling inside.

 The vibrator still continued as she made her choice,
looking up into Kats delicious eyes.
She smiled, her breasts and clit coated with red wax, her skin flushed
and shiny.

 Ill answer the questions, Kat. All twenty of them, no matter what the
punishment or rewards may be, I want to answer.

 Kat leaned back.
Panelists? Your vote on her
answer?

 A chorus of five pluses immediately and unanimously
echoed from the computer. Kat nodded and
stood up, running her hands over Angies thighs before turning back to the web
cam.

 Tom? I think the
next question, is yours.

 And twenty questions, continued 

 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Alexander


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





