BDSM Library - Feast Day




Feast Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was inspired by Dolcett's drawings "Feast Day."
Feast Day 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 01 "State Meat Lottery." 

Warning - 
Dolcett is one of the most extreme artists around the world. He draws 
people (mostly women) in positions of asphyxiation, cannibalism, impalement, 
snuff, etc. This story follows his work very closely and I don't hold back 
from telling it like it is. If you are not comfortable with descriptions of 
this extreme erotica, then I highly recommend you don't proceed any further. 
The story codes that are required by the BDSMLibrary.com website are there 
for a reason. You have been warned. 

______________________ 

For Donna Thorton it was just another day. She leaned back in her executive 
leather chair, crossed her legs and enjoyed a lovely hot coffee. The rich 
aroma filled her nostrils as she sipped at the black liquid. She signed a 
few cheques and made a note of the receipt numbers. She loved her job at 
the company. She had been vice-president for nearly six months. She glanced 
up as her secretary Sarah came in with the morning mail. 

"Morning Sarah." smiled Donna. 

"Morning Ms Thorton." mumbled Sarah. Donna watched as her secretary put the 
morning mail in her inbox and quickly left the room. Puzzled Donna took 
another drink of coffee while trying to remember if she had upset Sarah over 
the last few days. She was interrupted by a knock at the door. Her boss 
looked around the door and asked if she was busy. Donna shook her head and 
he came in. 

Ed Thorton was president and owner of the company. He looked both young and 
professional in his dark suit with a green tie. He sat down in one of 
Donna's visitor chairs. 

"How are things?" he asked. Donna smiled. The typical morning ritual for 
Ed. The company was doing great and Ed sometimes found he hadn't little 
to no work to do. So to pass the time he chatted with his wife. 

"All quiet here." said Donna. "I've just paid off our bills for the month. 
The only thing of interest is the building insurance needs reviewing." 

Ed nodded. "Give it to Tim to chase up. He's good at getting quotes." 

Donna agreed. She picked up her pile of mail and sorted through it. 
Bill ... bill ... another bill ... complaint ... all of a sudden, Donna 
held her breath. Her husband noticed her stunned look. 

"What is it honey?" asked Ed. 

Donna swallowed. No wonder Sarah left so quickly. The emblem was unmistakable. 
With shaky hands Donna drew her letter knife and slit the envelope along 
the top. She pulled out the piece of paper and read it. Ed came around to 
Donna's side of the desk. 

"Oh my!! .. Honey," said Donna looking up into her husband's blue eyes. 
"My number came up. I've been ordered to report for Feast Day ... today." 

Ed took the letter from Donna and read it. 

*********************************************************************** 
*                         STATE MEAT LOTTERY                          * 
*                Weekly drawing for Feast Day: 5/19/99                * 
*                                                                     * 
* Mrs Donna Thorton (State ID KN7701R)                                * 
*                                                                     * 
* In accordance with the new state food laws (ACTS VI & VII) your     * 
* number has been selected from your area's list of available women   * 
* in this weeks food lottery.                                         * 
*                                                                     * 
* You are hereby notified of this selection and asked to report to    * 
* the designated picnic ground in your area to be processed.          * 
*                                                                     * 
* Please report:  Wednesday, May 19th 1999 at 10:00 am                * 
* Location:  Martin's Park                                            * 
* Street:  2067 N. Elm                                                * 
*                                                                     * 
* WARNING:  Failure to report will result in lost of payment (based   * 
* on your body weight) to your designated beneficiaries and the       * 
* public execution of you and all female members of your family.      * 
*                                                                     * 
* Note:  Please wear clothing that can be thrown away.                * 
*                                                                     * 
* Sincerely,                                                          * 
* John N. Andes                                                       * 
*                                                                     * 
*********************************************************************** 

Ed was use to this. Over the last couple of years he had lost a number 
of his female staff to the lottery. But the law was the law. 

"Hhmmm ... well guess you'd better get ready then." he said. 

Donna nodded her head. She knew this day was going to happen but had 
hoped it would be a while of yet. But she wasn't going to go out blubbing 
like a sook. She stood up, checked her make-up and clothes in the mirror, 
picked up her hand-bag and walked out of her office for the last time. 
Ed followed closely behind. They both knew they were going to head to 
Ed's office for a final fuck. 

"Bye Sarah. Great working with you." said Donna as she left the room. 
Donna was a little ticked off that Sarah hadn't at least warned her about 
the letter. Too late now she thought. 

Her path was blocked by two women. One was Elizabeth from accounts, the 
other was Jackie was HR. They too held a pink letter each in their hands. 
Looks like we're up for a threesome Donna thought to herself. 

"Lottery?" asked Donna. Both girls nodded. "Can we get a lift with you 
Donna? My boyfriend is out camping with the kids." said Jackie. 

"My hubby is in a meeting and his damn secretary won't interrupt him." 
hissed Elizabeth. She was obviously displeased. 

Donna nodded. "Sure. Can you wait a bit, Ed wants to have one last fuck?" 

"Yeah, no worries." replied Jackie. 

Ed followed Donna into his office. He closed the door and within seconds 
they both ripped each other's clothes off. Ed cleared his desk. His 
paperwork was quickly scattered into a cloud of large snowflakes. Pens, 
pencils, a photograph of Donna and even his Bonsai plant were strewn 
on the floor. Ed ripped off Donna's bra and threw it behind him. He pushed 
her onto his desk, lifted both her legs into the air and jammed his cock 
deep into her cunt. 

Donna screamed in ecstasy. She moaned loudly as Ed pummelled her again and 
again. Sweat rolled down the side of his head and back. He pushed deeper 
and deeper until finally they both achieved their orgasms. Ed rolled Donna 
onto her side and lay on the desk behind her. Donna separated her legs 
so he could slide his cock in from behind. She loved the sensation of Ed 
slowly pushing his cock in and out just after a huge orgasm. Ed rubbed 
Donna's nipples. 

"Hhmmm. That was so nice. It's hard to believe this time tomorrow I'll 
just be a pile of leftovers." 

Ed rubbed his wife's tits some more. "Sweetheart with your body there 
won't be much leftover ... I know I'm going to stuff myself." 

Donna leaned back and gave Ed a kiss. She squeezed his cock out of her 
cunt and stood up. She got dressed in just her blouse and dress. She 
also removed her jewellery and watch. Not much point in taking anything 
else she figured. 

She walked out of the room with one last kiss to Ed. Both Jackie and 
Elizabeth stood up and followed Donna as she left the building. The trio 
got into Donna's Mercedes. Twisting the key and loving the sound of the 
car as it roared into life. Donna didn't even bother looking both ways 
before pushing down hard on the gas and onto the street. All three women 
sat in silence as Donna drove to the picnic ground. 

They arrived in only a few minutes. Donna left the keys in the ignition. 
The car's alarm was set to turn on after thirty seconds. It would be safe 
for Ed to pick up later. Jackie and Elizabeth followed Donna to a large 
building. On the front it had a large sign: 

"Welcome to Dolcett and Hill's Meat Factory." 

Below it was a smaller sign. "All lottery winners please go in the side 
entrance." 

"Kind of an anticlimactic winning the lottery and having to go through 
the tradesman's entrance eh." said Donna. 

The group followed the arrow and walked up some stairs in through a 
smaller door. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Feast Day 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 02 "Registration and Prep." 

Donna hated waiting in lines. Today was no exception. She clicked her tongue 
noisily while waiting for the girl in front of her to hurry up. Finally the 
girl move on and Donna was presented with a naked young girl standing behind 
a small podium. On it was a book. There was also a sign on the side which 
read, "REGISTER HERE." Followed by, "After registration report to Room B. 
Remove all clothing and jewellery." 

"Hi there. My name is Carol." said the young girl cheerfully. Donna noted 
the tag hanging from Carol's vagina lip. 

"If you'd just put your full name, lottery number and signature in the book, 
we can get you started." continued Carol pointing to the book. 

"Thanks Carol. Why do you have a tag down below? Are you roasting today?" 
asked Donna. 

"Later. My number came up today but because I work here I get to enjoy the 
whole day. I'll be the last one done and all the guys are going to throw 
me a big farewell party as I'm butchered." 

Donna smiled politely. Privately she couldn't believe how easily Carol was 
taking this all in her stride. But then again, so was she. Donna took the 
pen and started to fill in the required details. Behind her Jackie was 
staring at the poster for March Feast Day. On it was a picture of a well 
roasted female with a spit through her torso. Jackie went on to read that 
the girl was Miss March - Sherry Amber. 

A poster girl. How nice. Thought Jackie. Behind her Jackie heard Elizabeth 
in conversation with the girl behind her. 

"I heard from my friend Janey that sometimes you're still alive when they 
start roasting you." said the girl sullenly. 

Elizabeth turned to Jackie. "No, that used to happen when I was young 
because they used to just skewer a girl and then start roasting ..." 

Jackie confirmed Elizabeth's point of view. "Yeah, now at least they clean 
and stuff us. Unless you try to run ..." 

Donna was barely aware of the conversation. She wrote her signature and 
looked up at Carol. "Carol, um .. I guess this is it? How long does it 
take before ... " 

Carol finished Donna's sentence for her. "Before you're stuffed? About 
an hour. There's some preparation they have to do first." 

Donna nodded and let Jackie and Elizabeth fill in their details. Carol 
pointed the way to room B. All three girls followed her direction. Inside 
the room there was a lot of chattering. Donna caught glimpses of 
conversations as she found a spot to get undressed. 

"I wouldn't mind so much. But what's kind of upsetting is my son Timmy as 
a butcher at this plant and he's working this morning." sobbed one woman. 

"Ohh! Yeah, that is kinda creepy. Do you think it will bother him to 
butcher you?" asked someone nearby. 

"No, I guess not. Hey Mary, how did you get picked? I thought pregnant 
women were exempt?" 

"Not if it's your third girl. That's an automatic trip to the carving 
platter. It's not all bad though, Brad gets extra pay for the additional 
weight." 

"I just don't understand why we have to be naked ... I mean, it's so 
embarrassing. Isn't it bad enough to kill us?" 

Donna looked around for the voice. She spotted the girl a couple of meters 
away from her. She looked like someone who panicked easily. 

"God Traci, don't be such a princess. You can't expect them to cook you 
with a nice little bra and panties set on? Can you?" said her friend. 

Traci looked quite deflated. "I guess so. It's just that I've never been 
naked in front of a boy." 

Traci's friend laughed. "You've never been roasted like a suckling pig 
before either, but you're about to be." her friend carried on laughing 
then stopped abruptly. "Gulp! and so am I." 

Always one in every crowd smirked Donna. She had removed her blouse and 
dress. All that was left was her panties and shoes. Donna removed her 
shoes as a male walked into the room. He looked around and took hold of 
the nearest girl's arm. 

"All right ladies." he said in a loud voice. "Hurry it up. We want you 
turning nicely pink over the coals by noon so let's move." 

"Harry? Is that you?" said a girl with glasses. "I haven't seen you since 
the divorce. So you work here?" 

Harry smiled. "Hi Linda. Yeah I work here. Finish stripping and I'll see 
you on the butchering line." 

Harry took the girl he caught earlier and they both exited out through 
another door. Donna watched them go. She threw off her panties and stood 
naked in line with the rest of the meat. 

This is it. She thought. The line moved quickly and before Donna knew it 
she was in the next room. Special chairs were laid out for the girls. 
Some girls were already in the chairs. Some were crying while others just 
took the pain. There were about six guys working the line. One came over 
and took Donna to a nearby chair. 

"Hi. What's your name?" asked the man. 

"Donna." 

"Okay Donna. I want you to put your knees into the stirrups here and sit 
back. I know it's not nice but I want that dildo up your ass." 

The chair itself consisted of two stirrups for the girl's legs and a mounted 
dildo. Donna spread her knees to fit into the stirrups and leaned back to 
sit on the dildo. She was a little slow for the man so he pushed her back 
a bit faster and she ended up impaling herself. Donna gasped and quickly 
leaned back with her arms to hold onto the chair to stop herself from 
slipping. This forced her breasts outwards. 

"Hey Jerry, Donna here needs her tits done." 

Another man came in behind her and held her left breast. In his right hand 
he had a large syringe. He jabbed the needle into left breast and pumped 
the cooking fluid in. Donna's breast quickly filled up and was nearly two 
cup sizes bigger by the time the man pulled the needle out. He then pushed 
the needle into her other breast. Tears rolled down Donna's cheeks. She had 
always hated needles. 

"Hold still Donna." said Jerry. "There, both tits nice and full so they'll 
stay plump while you're roasting." 

With her legs spread wide the man who took her initially had a flame gun 
and was removing Donna's pubic hair with it. Donna could feel a lot of 
heat but remarkable she wasn't burnt. 

The man looked up at her. "Don't worry Donna. I won't cook it while it's 
still on you." 

Donna just smiled. When the man had finished he helped her up off the 
chair. Her boobs felt much heavier. 

"All done. Hop into that line over there." pointed the man. Donna nodded 
and joined up with Jackie. Elizabeth joined them shortly after. Ahead of 
them Donna could see the girls sitting up on a very large square table. 

Wonder what this is all about thought Donna. Again the line moved quickly. 
Donna waited for her turn. When it came to her turn a man asked her her 
name. 

"Donna Thorton." she replied. 

"Donna ... Donna ... Donna ... ah, here we are." said the man. He located 
Donna's tag from a small pile on his clipboard. 

"Take this." he said handing her a tag. "Give it to the cook when they 
ask for it." 

With tag in hand Donna was directed to sit up on a vacant spot on the 
table and spread her legs. One of the chiefs came over. He checked her 
legs, thighs, back and tummy. 

"Not bad. Hi, I'm Ken. Tag?" he asked. Donna handed it to him. 

Ken quickly wrote a couple of numbers and took a clipper from his belt. 

"Okay Donna. Let me just do this." Donna watched as the man pulled Donna's 
labia lip out and clipped the tag through it. 

"Ouch!" gasped Donna. 

"There you go. You're graded for medium rare. Say, your husband wouldn't 
be Ed by any chance?" 

"Yeah. He is." The comment caught Donna by surprise. 

"Cool. He's going to love eating your cunt filet. Want one last fuck?" 

Donna nodded her head. 

"Okay, would you like pussy fuck, ass fuck, a cunt lick or blowjob?" 

She opened her legs and Ken slipped his cock into her pussy. He pumped 
away while Jackie and Elizabeth sat on either side of her. Both their 
cunts were tagged. Jackie gave her chief a quick blowjob while Elizabeth 
was ass fucked. 

Ken cummed and Donna enjoyed the sensations. "Very nice Donna. I guess I 
better let you go. My break is just about to finish." 

"Thanks Ken. That was nice." 

Ken helped Donna off the table. "The holding line is over there. It won't 
be long now." 

Donna walked over to the line. Jackie soon joined her. 

"Thanks Mum, that was nice." said one of the chiefs. 

Donna and Jackie raised their eyebrows at Elizabeth as she came over to 
stand by them. 

"Liz, you let your son ass fuck you?" asked Jackie. 

Elizabeth shrugged her shoulders. "What are they going to do? Put me in 
jail? Bit late now." 

They watched as more girls came in, were tagged and given the option of 
a fuck. Donna didn't see any of the girls passing up the opportunity for 
one last shot at an orgasm. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Feast Day 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 03 "Butchering." 

The line Donna was in was chatty in the prep room, but as the women slowly 
filed into the barbecue room, there was scarcely a peep out of them. Their 
mouths hung down in dismay at what they saw. In front of their very eyes 
were women who had gone on ahead of them and were now skewered, basted and 
roasting over a flaming pit. 

Donna thought it was a little unfair to have the line run parallel with 
the barbecue area. She watched as a girl slowly rotated over a pit. That's 
when Donna saw the girl blink. 

"Did you see that?" she gasped breaking the silence. "That girl over there, 
she blinked!" 

The other girls looked to where Donna was pointing. But not one of them 
was prepared to do anything about it. All of them watched the girl as she 
rotated slowly. Her skin becoming brown from the heat. Every now and 
then a cook would do the rounds of each girl and spray some sort of liquid 
on their bodies. 

Donna reached down and took hold of the tag in her labia. She fingered it 
and felt the juices deep within her tummy. A strong heat warmed her up 
from the inside. She knew she was getting excited by what will eventually 
happen to her. Soon she'd be rotating on one of the pits before her. She 
tried to imagine the large spit entering her body. She knew it would be 
painful. No one had ever said what happens to women in the butchering line. 

She fiddle with her tag some more. It stung a little from being clipped 
into her labia but she didn't mind. She flicked it a few times and without 
trying to hide her modesty, she started to rub her right nipple. The heat 
continued to flood her body and it made her legs quiver. 

An fuzzy voice over the speaker called out to the group. 

"Will Donna Thorton please make her way to the butchering Room." 

Suddenly Donna's tummy did a complete flip. Instinctively Donna covered her 
breasts and pussy with her hands. She felt very vulnerable. She looked 
around for moral support. Thankfully Jackie came to her aid. 

"It's your turn Donna, might as well get it over with." said Jackie. 

Donna nodded, "I guess so." smiled at her colleague and walked in the 
direction she was pointing. A door in the other side of the room with a 
sign above it said 'Butchering Room.' Donna took a deep breath and walked 
in. 

A man stood just inside the doorway. "Hi, you must be Donna. I was just 
coming to find you." 

His smile and naked body was very disarming. Donna smiled back. The man 
took her arm and they walked over scales. Donna stood on the scales and 
the man took note of her weight. While the man made a note on Donna's 
pussy tag she saw a small sign on the block beside them. 

Butchering Procedure: 

* Hang by ankles 
* Gag with ball gags 
* Tie wrists and insert anal hook. 

Before Donna could read the rest, the man took her arm and she stepped down 
from the weighing machine to stand beside a large wooden block. 

"Hop up there and lie on your back." he said. Donna did so. 

She saw what would happen. Another girl had her ankles tied and was 
hanging upside. Donna felt the man tie her ankles together with rope. 
He flicked the rope through a pulley above him and hoisted her legs upwards 
until she was resting on her shoulder blades. 

The man then pushed his hands under her shoulders and lifted her over to 
the floor. He let her slide down gently and hang by her ankles. Donna felt 
the rope bite into her ankles but ignored the pain. She let her arms fall 
down to hang beside her. 

Donna heard another man's voice. "You must be Jackie. Stand on the scales 
please." 

"Okay. Um ... I ... could I go to the ladies room first?" asked Jackie. 

"Don't worry about it Mrs Rawlings. When they get done gutting you, they 
clean you off. A lot of girls end up pissing themselves when they're cut." 

Donna's man came over to her with a rope connected to a large hand-size 
hook. She felt him take her wrists and tied them together behind her back. 

"Hi Donna." asked Leslie. "Any last words?" 

Donna thought this was a bit strange but Leslie was holding a clipboard so 
she must have been asked to do this previously. 

"Um .. no, not really. I can't really believe this is happening." 

Donna felt something cold and metallic enter her asshole. She pulled on 
her arms and felt them trap. The roped hook held her arms behind her back. 
Again the strong warm feeling rose through Donna's loins again. She 
revelled in it and felt the pulley moving her slowly past a curtain. 
She knew it certainly wouldn't be long now. 

Donna's hormone trip was interrupted by a ball-gag being pushed into her 
mouth. She opened her jaws slightly and felt the clip click behind her 
head. Ahead of her she could see a line of women upside down. Some just 
waiting like her, a few shaking with blood dripping from their heads. 

Donna felt her tag being pulled. "Okay ... Donna. Goodbye and good luck." 
said a male voice. Donna looked up right into a very large cock. For a 
quick second she thought she might have to blow it but that disappeared 
when she felt a hand take her chin and pull it down. Then a quick shot 
of pain as a knife cut into her neck. With a second both her jugular and 
carotid arteries were cut. Blood squirted down both sides of her face. 
Donna tried to grab at her neck with her hands but they were secured to 
the hook in her ass. 

Donna shivered as her brain realised completely that she was going to 
die. Her body convulsed a few times then Donna felt elation. Her body 
was pumping in hormones to try and relax and comfort her before she 
expired. She was so overloaded with endorphins she didn't even feel 
the second knife plunge into her lower gut and cut all the way to her 
breast bone. She felt cool air as her intestines and internal organs 
were pulled out and removed from her body. 

The men working on the butchering line were all naked. Donna enjoyed the 
sight of their large cocks bouncing as they worked. She watched on as she 
slowly move along the conveyor line. Donna died while waiting her turn to 
be stuffed. 

A cook checked Donna's heartbeat. Satisfied she was dead he pulled Donna's 
body over to a vacant spot on a slim table. He pulled down on the pulley 
and the rope was released. Donna's body was balanced on the table while 
a couple of girls pushed stuffing into her body. Once full they quickly 
sewed her cavity shut with cooking string. 

"Next one Roy." said one of the girls. Roy took a large steel spit 
about eight feel long and pushed it into Donna's vagina. He reached in 
between her legs and under her body to take hold of her ass hook. Once 
he had both he pushed hard on the spit and it slowly made it's way 
through Donna's body. With years of experience and a bit of angling, 
he pushed it up through Donna's throat and out of her mouth. 

Slipping on a stabilizer bar he inserted it into Donna's asshole. Roy 
called over for another cook and both men took hold of either end of 
the spit. With a quick check on Donna's tag Roy informed his associate 
to go to pit seventeen. Two minutes Donna was roasting nicely on a pit 
next to the butchering line. A number of girls watched her as she slowly 
rotated. 

Donna's body was brought by her husband Ed for a company feast. Nearly 
everyone showed up to devour both Donna and Jackie. Because of the heat 
of the pits it was more comfortable for everyone to be naked at the feast. 
Ed was delighted at how delicious and tasty both Donna and Jackie were. 
If he knew she was this yummy, he would have requested Donna be cook for 
Christmas the year before instead of Easter. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Feast Day 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 04 "Runaways." 

Candy Smith had really screwed up. She was selected for the meat lottery 
a week ago but foolishly decided she wasn't going to participate. As a 
consequence to her actions the females in her entire family were to be 
executed via slow impalement regardless of their age. Candy was forced 
to watch as her mother, sisters and aunty were executed. 

A naked Candy was dragged out to the public butchering area. Candy was 
tied to a post and the execution's assistant was on hand to force her to 
watch her family being executed. Candy watched as her aunt, sisters and 
mother were led out. They had all been stripped naked and prepared. Tears 
ran down their cheeks has they cried and whimpered. Candy's Mum in 
particular was furious at her daughter. She glared at her as she walked 
up the steps to the impalement spits. 

Hands tied behind her back, Candy's Aunt was the first to go. The executioner 
turned the Aunt around. He pushed her back while his other assistant 
put the spit point at the victim's asshole. With a nod the execution pushed 
the Aunt backwards over the edge of the landing. Candy felt the scream 
course through her own body as her Aunt sunk down onto her spit. A good 
foot and a half had entered her body until the stabilising rod which had 
entered the Aunt's vagina finally stopped the poor woman. The assistant 
turned Candy's Aunt on her pole so Candy could see the woman's face. 

The stabilizer rod was designed to slowly click down the pole by the 
gyrations of the victim. It was a painfully slow death. Wasting little 
time the executioner turned Candy's eldest sister back towards her spit. 
Again the executioner pushed her back to the spit as the assistant angled 
it to slip into the concrete hole in the ground. This prevented the spit 
from falling over and ruining everyone's day. 

Candy's sister also was turned around while the spit was inside her. She 
hissed and yelled at Candy. "Candy, I hope you roast for a long time!" 
More tears flowed down Candy's cheeks. 

"Your turn Tracy." said the executioner. He pointed at her spit. Tracy 
was the youngest of the family and very scared. She ended up fainting on 
the landing. But there were procedures in place for this eventuality. 
Smelling salts quickly woke Tracy up so she could endure the execution 
as well. Tracy was so light the executioner easily picker her up, spread 
her ass cheeks with his hands and placed her onto her spit. Tracy screamed 
as she inched down the spit. 

Candy's Mum was next. The executioner asked the Mum if she had any last 
words. Overcome by grief at seeing her daughters and sister slowly dieing 
beside her, Candy's Mum shook her head in grief. 

"Candy, you shouldn't have run. Now we all end up as meat." she said. 

"I'm sorry Mummy." called out Candy. But even she knew it was too late. 

With a strength she didn't realise she had, Candy's Mum turned her back 
on her second eldest daughter. Candy watched on as her Mother was backed 
up to her spit and screamed as she was forced back onto it. The spit 
was relentless and already pushing a over a foot deep before she was turned 
around to face Candy. 

Candy tried to look away but was slapped by the executioner's assistant. 
He held her face up and forced her to look at the executions. 

It took nearly thirty minutes before all the four victims had died. 
Their mouths were wide open from the spits. Candy watched as the cooks 
gutted their bodies, removed their internal organs, stuffed the cavities 
and took away the bodies for cooking. 

Once the bodies had gone Candy was untied from her post. She walked sedately 
beside the head executioner up on the landing. She stood quietly as her 
hands were tied. She was forced backwards up to the edge of the landing. She 
felt the cool of metal push into her asshole. Bracing against the 
executioner's hands on her shoulders she allowed him to pushed her back onto 
the spit. The pain was excruciating. Candy screamed and pleaded for mercy. 

Shock attacked her and Candy swam through the hormones flooding her body. 
She felt a sting on her thigh and looked down at one of the assistants 
injecting her with something. He looked up at her. 

"It's a shot to suppress your adrenaline so you won't go into shock." 
he answered her unasked question. 

The euphoric feelings disappeared quickly and Candy was left with nothing 
but the pain. She cried as the cook turned her around on her spit. Unlike 
her sisters, Mum and Aunt. She wasn't allowed the privilege of dieing 
from shock. 

Candy felt the spit enter into her gut. Her tummy muscles squeezed to try 
and expel the intruder. The accompanying cramps were torture. Candy had 
to suffer through it all. The spit pushed in against her right lung and 
made it hard to breath. The cook noticed this and realigned her body to 
get the spit going in an upwards direction. 

Candy suffered for over forty minutes while the cook, executioner and 
his assistant enjoyed a nice cold beer. All three men watched and chatted 
about cars and politics while Candy slowly impaled herself and was dieing 
before their eyes. 

Finally after enough pain to killed three elephants, the spit pushed up 
through Candy's throat and past her jaws. The stabilizer bar locked itself 
into it's permanent position and Candy was ready to go. Candy realised 
she could breath still. Because of her punishment Candy's spit was a 
special design. It was a hollow tube with holes to allow breathing. She 
was going to die from being cooked, not impaled. Candy cried when she 
realised this.  She felt a knife cut into her tummy and remove her internal 
organs. 

The cook and execution lifted her up on their shoulders and walked over 
to a pit. Candy slowly rotated above the flames. The heat was incredible 
and she couldn't say at thing or even move. 

A naked man and woman stood beside her pit. 

"This is her, the one who ran away." said the man. 

"Is she still alive Daddy?" asked the girl. 

"Yep. Once your number comes up, that's it. So what do you think honey, 
would you like to be done this way?" 

"No way Daddy. If mu number comes up I'll go the regular way." said the 
girl. Wish I thought of that thought Candy. 

As Candy rotated she watched as Dad and daughter walked away to discuss 
other matters. There was only one person left to see her blink before 
she died. And that was a woman called Donna. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





