BDSM Library - Ansley in Prison




Ansley in Prison
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young rich woman is arrested for prostitution and sentenced to 9 months in a speical Florida prison camp for beautiful young women.  She has never been so humiliated before in her life.
Ansley in Prison

by: Slut Jenni



Part I



	Ansley sat quietly and angrily in the jail interview room, furious at
herself and her friends.  What had begun as a bet with her friends had ended
with her facing serious legal problems.  Ansley lost the wager, on a simple
basketball game, and thus had to spend one night working as a prostitute on a
street corner in downtown Miami.  They lived in a much more exclusive part of
South Florida, and Ansley's having to whore was a daring, frightening prospect
for the rich young women.  The deal was that she was to serve one, only one,
client, and that the money she received for her services would buy dinner for
the group one night.  Unfortunately for Ansley, that one client was an
undercover cop.

	How humiliating the whole thing had been.  First, she had to stand there
for nearly an hour, in full view of traffic, wearing her ridiculously slutty
garb.  The outfit had been picked out by her friends.  It consisted of a latex
bikini top, a nearly nonexistant black latex skirt, and fishnet stockings.  She
had not been allowed panties, and the outfit was completed by a pair of painful
six-inch heeled sandals and a leather choker.  Ansley had now spent nearly 3
days in jail, wearing the short orange smock allowed female prisoners.  Those
days had been hellish for her, as she was placed in the general jail population. 
The noise, the food, and her constant fear of the sexual threats made against
her by other inmates had her petrified.  The prospect of spending years and
years of her life here scared her to death. 

	Her thoughts were interrupted as her highly-paid lawyer breezed into the
room.  He sat down and looked her in the eye.  "Well, Tom" asked Ansley.  "Do
you have good news?" 

	"It's not good Ansley, I'll be honest.  But it could be worse."

	"What is it?" she asked in a small voice.

	"The state has ordered the local governments to crack down on
prostitution.  As you may know, the Legislature last year raised the penalties. 
Frankly, you're looking at a minimum of 5 years in a state prison if you're
convicted, Ansley.  And I can't get you out of this one; the State has a
videotape."

	Ansley's spirits fell and she began crying uncontrollably.  She couldn't
imagine losing the best years of her life.  She was only 19 years old.  She had
been orphaned by wealthy parents and had no family.

	The lawyer spoke again.  "There is something that can be done.  The
prosecution will offer you a deal.  If you plead guilty tomorrow in court and
agree, you can be sentenced to 9 months in this new program that the state has
begun.  It is very intensive, but it will at least keep you from state prison
for the next 5 to 10 years of your life.  All you need do is sign this paper."

	Ansley barely thought.  "Okay, Tom, no problem.  I'll take anything." 
She signed the papers. 




Part II

	The next day Ansley sat outside the courtroom beside her lawyer, waiting
for her turn to be called to plea.  She still wore her jail dress, the panties
that came with it, and the jail-issue flip-flops.  She was also shackled, her
wrists and ankles attached together with a length of chain between, linked by a
belly chain.  All prisoners were kept in this fashion outside of the jail, she
had been told.  She heard her name called by a bailiff and they were led into
the court.

	The judge stared at her.  She suddenly felt so vulnerable, knowing what
she had to say, and not knowing what would happen afterwards. 

	"Ansley Johnson, you stand charged with one count of felony
prostitution.  How plead you?"

	"Guilty, your honor."

	"You have agreed to the terms of the plea bargain?"

	"Yes, your honor, I have."

	"Fine, then I sentence you to 9 months under the terms of the program
which you have agreed to be part of.  Guard, remove her and hold her until she
can be transported tomorrow to her place of sentence."

	Ansley was led from the room and back to the jail by the guards.  She
wasn't taken back to the general area.  Instead, she was led to the solitary
confinement area.  These cells were austere, consisting only of a metal cot with
no mattress, and a toilet/sink basin.  They stopped outside one cell.  The
larger female guard barked unlocked her chains.  "Okay, slut, off with the
clothes!"

	Ansley was shocked.  "What did you call me? I won't do that!"

	The guard struck Ansley hard, with an open palm, across the face. 
"You'll listen to orders from now on, bitch.  Now, get out of the fucking dress. 
This is how you're to be treated from now on--however your superiors feel like."

	Ansley took off the sandals and dress.

	"The panties, too."

	Ansley complied.  She felt so naked--well, she was naked.  She tried to
cover her pussy and her breasts with her hands.  Then the guard grabbed her
roughly and cuffed her hands behind her back.  She was led into the cell, and a
heavy steel collar was placed around her neck.  The collar was attached to the
wall and allowed her only movement from the toilet to the cot.  Her ankles were
then hobbled with short chains.

	The guard spoke again: "I think this cunt needs to learn how to control
her mouth.  Better gag her.  Actually, first..."  The younger guard smiled and
both women unbelted their uniform shorts.  Neither wore anything underneath. 
"Okay bitch, time to put that loud mouth of yours to use.  Janine, you go
first."  The younger woman came over and crouched down over Ansley's face.  She
grabbed Ansley by the hair and shoved her face into her crotch.  "Start licking,
whore."  Ansley had little choice and did.  After she had made both guards come,
the older guard shoved a plug gag into her mouth and locked it on behind her
head.  "See ya tomorrow, cunt."




Part III

	Ansley could not really sleep in her uncomfortable predicament.  She was
awoken from her dozing the next morning by a cold container of water thrown
directly onto her crotch.  It was the older guard again.  "Relieve yourself now,
bitch.  It could be your last chance for a while."  Ansley did, was fed an
unappetizing breakfast, and led in her chains to a loading area.  Two women
waited here.  They each wore high boots that rose above their knees, tight blue
uniform pants, and sleeveless khaki blouses.  They also had what appeared to be
leather paddles attached to their belts.  The truck was standard white, and in
back was divided into 4 little cages.  The person riding in each compartment
would be fully visible to any onlooker.  There were 3 other girls there, naked
like her and chained in a similiar fashion.

	One of the two officers spoke.  "Okay listen up, you whores.  We're
taking you to our special hard-labor camp up in North Florida.  There you'll be
doing hard labor for the remainder of your sentences.  We don't accept any
misconduct.  Disobey in any way and we will sanction you."

	One of the other girls, significantly rougher looking than Ansley, spat
back at them.  "Fuck you, you bitches."  The guard who had not yet spoken
stepped over to her, grabbed the leather slapper, and struck her squarely on her
pussy with it.  Hard.  The girl doubled up and squealed in horrible pain. 
"You're gonna regret that, whore" the guard barked.  They placed her, still
chained in the first cage.  A full leather hood was locked onto her head, over a
ballgag.  A posture collar then was locked on her neck so that her head was
immobilized.  The guards applied metal clamps to her nipples and finally a large
metal clamp was brutally twisted onto her clit.  The girl whimpered behind her
gag but was barely audible. 

	The other girls stood in shock.  "Okay, any more dumb shits like her
among you?" the guard shouted.  "You'll get to ride free and open, as it is. 
The cage areas wont allow you to stand or move around much, and we're gonna
position you so that all of the tax-paying citizens of this state will be able
to look at you and laugh at you.  You're gonna wear these the entire trip,
except when we stop to let you piss, if we do that."  The guard then produced a
wicked looking device whose purpose was obvious.  It was a harness with two
massive dildos pointing inwards, one for the pussy and one for each girl's ass. 
The guard looked at Ansley.  "We'll start with you."

	The dildos were already lubricated.  The guard slowly slid them into
each of Ansley's orifices.  She screamed, not only from the size of the
intruders.  They burned as they were inserted.  "By the way," the second guard
snickered, "Those little toys are greased down with lube that has ground up
habanero pepper in it.  It's gonna burn down there the whole ride."   Then
Ansley was shoved, still whimpering, into one of the rear cages, behind the girl
in the hood.  Before the door was latched, she was ballgagged, and a plug coming
from the dirty bed of the truck was attached to the harness.  The other girls
were loaded into the truck wearing crotch harnesses like hers.  The guard spoke
again.  "Before we get going, you whores, I'l go ahead and tell you that those
dildos are gonna vibrate.  In fact, they're vibrations will rise and fall with
the speed of the truck.  We don't take the interstate so the speed's gonna vary
a lot and its gonna be a very long trip.  You might cum often, or you might not. 
That depends on how horny of a little slut you are.  Either way, it'll be a good
show for everyone that sees you!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slut Jenni


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





