BDSM Library - Punk Rock Girl




Punk Rock Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melissa, a neo-punk with a troubling past, faces the nightmare of sexual slavery and her bitterest enemy in this tale of rape and survival. This story was written for a specific person, who uses the name Melissa as her alias.  Hope she enjoys it.
PUNK ROCK GIRL

by Gary Wilson (c) 2002.

Reprinted with permission.  Do not sell or reprint this article without author's
permission.



Chapter One: Frigid



	The beat-up Ford Fairmont sedan slowed as it pulled to the curb in front
of the Royal Oak Apartment complex. From outside, the crashing, pounding sound
of Black Flag's "T.V. Party Tonight" are a muffled shuffle.  A young couple
inside rocks their heads back and forth, then scream out the final lyrics as the
song declined to a meandering, anticlimactic end.

 	"No... T.V. Party... Tooooniiiiiiiight!"

 	The girl pulled a trucker cap with the word "DORK" declaratively
announcing her away from a soft tangle of curly brunette hair, that seemed to
whip around her face and jaw line.  She leaned forward and laughed, making her
strong jaw soft and feminine, as the boy- a lanky, mop-topped punk with a
constant squint- turned the radio off and leaned back to join her.  The two were
howling and cheering enthusiastically as the music ended, settling down into a
giggling fit. 

 	From underneath a pitch-black stairwell in the nearby apartments, a
dark, quiet figure waited, watching the two in the car.  A pair of rough leather
gloves covered hands that grasped urgently towards the car, as the engine was
cut and the headlight went out. 

 	The figure retreated, silently, deeper inside the dark, disappearing
into shadow.



 	Inside the car, Melissa Spelling turned to her boyfriend, Paul Callahan,
and smiled, coming to the end of her giggling.  He winked back at her, taking
out the keys from the ignition.  "Mel, did you have fun--" 

 	She stopped him mid-sentence with a finger to his lips.  Melissa
unbuckled her seat belt and leaned in to plant a kiss on him, as he strained to
meet her behind his own belt.

 	Their kiss lingered, tongues dancing in some kind of rhythm that only
their sex understood.  Paul fumbled with the release button for his seat belt,
and it unlatched, letting him move forward to match her.  Melissa moaned gently
into the kiss as he pressed back, her right hand moving through the hair above
his left ear, combing through and holding on for leverage.

 	Paul's arm moved over her head and around her neck, pulling her chest
closer to his, as he free hand touched his thigh through his thick blue jeans. 
His strong but soft hand reached down to squeeze Melissa's breast underneath her
t-shirt, flitting his thumb across the nipple. 

 	Melissa broke the kiss with a soft dismissive laugh, panting from their
lay.  She leaned her head in against his neck and planting a tiny kiss on his
right collarbone.   Paul groaned from the tease and leaned his forehead in to
touch hers, looking deep in her brown eyes, searching for a sign.  He was still
warm with desire, but stepping carefully into conversation as he asked her, "You
okay?"

 	Melissa's eyes remained neutral as she answered.  "I'm fine, baby." 
Paul looked to her, studying her expression for hidden signs.  She patted his
thigh and rubbed her forehead against his shoulder, eyes turned down, focusing
on the tiny space between them. 



 	Here we go again, she sighed to herself, as she leaned in close to
Paul's chest to hide from his stare. For Melissa, this was another point in a
very familiar cycle in her life.  Since she started dating, she'd had roughly
six boyfriends, and one long-term girlfriend.  They usually wouldn't start
pushing into the things she kept hidden until the first time she trusted them
enough to open her diaries to them. 

	Paul and Melissa had been dating for the last four months.  She's caught
his eye at an all girl's skating competition in July... he had been that young
looking, aimless-since-high-school, young thirties guy she was pursued
relentlessly by, and was cute enough for Melissa to give him a chance. 

 	The relationship had come along with perfect timing... she'd just gotten
over the longest relationship she'd ever had, and Paul was light, and fun, and
had no trouble finding pocket money; and he could always score when they were up
for the occasional screwball night of leisure drugs.  She wondered sometimes if
he dealt a little on the side, but could never find any evidence of it.

 	She respected him, both as a person and as an athlete.  He was the kind
of male who didn't play up the coolness of women 'boarders in front of her and
then talk 'novelty act' behind her back.  He competed to do everything she
could, and then some... it was a workout just trying to keep up with his tricks
at times.  She chided him for not competing, but he just laughed at her; his
favorite thing to do was to listen to her reap her day while he strained to flip
his board underneath himself and retain balance. 

 	Paul, she knew, was love struck... filled with a hormonal need for
constant affection and coupling, and he was always looking for the opportunity
for the two of them to go forward to the next level.  But Paul was just too
nice, and would never take the aggressive role with her.  She couldn't see lying
down with him and just opening herself, as he hadn't taken any initiative-
hadn't earned the conquest of her.  He'd played it safe for the most part, and
safe was just not sexy.  Probably better that it hasn't gone that far, she
thought.

 	Once any of her relationships had crossed into the taboo, things would
begin to get awkward for her.  First, the guys would get weird when she didn't
have an orgasm. They'd try and try to make her have them... the more they try,
the further she seemed to be from having one. 

 	Paul was the only boyfriend Melissa had waited to explain her background
to-- explain the rape.  She didn't want to have to tell him about her kink.  It
took all of the primal nature out of the experience if she knew he somehow
understood her.  She wanted him to just take her- just fuck me, she thought,
feeling herself get damp at the word- and force it, no permissions, no safe
words... just a commanding presence on top of her, pinning her down, and
violently raping her.

 	Melissa knew only too well what would happen once Paul knew the whole
story.  Like the other men before him, Paul would obsess about it and begin to
make it an obstacle in a relationship.  Instead of accepting it and enjoying
their time together, he'd try harder and harder to make something happen, and
become more frustrated and desperate each time it didn't.  As if their 'tool'
can somehow fix me, she thought, feeling the bitterness tighten around her for a
moment.  She held tighter to Paul, and felt the venom drain from her.

  	It wasn't just men with stupid ideas about fixing her.  Different lovers
had different takes, but telling always seemed to doom the romance.  Her one
long-term girlfriend, Lindsey, had at first enjoyed the roleplay and the toys
and the bondage... but she seemed to get more and more frustrated with the
lengths to which it took to get Melissa off.  During one small argument, she had
suggested that perhaps instead of being gay, Melissa was just avoiding finding
help for her 'problem'.  That word... problem... had caused the worst row their
small campus had ever seen, and had utterly destroyed their relationship.

	Melissa was intelligent and had a grip on her own situation, her 'kink',
as she liked to call it.  She'd read a great deal about rape, and human
behavior, and had considered a few times seeing a psychiatrist. She decided at
some point in her maturation that it was simply one of those things she'd have
to live with.  She would usually try to push it out of her mind when on a date,
but like some dark cloud, the inescapable truth hung over her head-- a rape at
age fourteen had left her... well, frigid.

 	She doubted she was completely frigid-- I still get off from sex, just
not without a little rape play... Okay, she corrected herself, a lot of rape
play.  And her ex's, especially Lindsey, had been able to get her off from time
to time.  Just not like Wally did. She shuddered and shook the name from her
mind.  Don't go there.

 	As imaginative and loving as Melissa was, the release of 'vanilla' sex
was never complete for her, and intercourse with someone she cared about was
occasionally traumatic.  Or sometimes, just so-so. With Paul, they hadn't
crossed that threshold and probably never would.  She was still teasing him
mercilessly, and was sure he was always wound up after a date, but nothing ever
came of it- at heart, Paul was stronger than his instincts.  And Melissa was
becoming tired of him not taking the hint.

 	She'd managed to frustrate herself through teasing him, and would
sometimes rush back to her apartment, into her bed, and under her covers to
masturbate, imagining him pinning her down and fucking her from behind, pulling
her hair as he raped her, again and again.  She wanted to feel cheap, used,
dirty, and there was little question in her own mind as to how far she might go
to do that. 

 	She'd cheated on him, just a few weeks before, with a guy from one of
those rape fantasy websites.  It was nowhere near the experience that she
wanted, but the closest thing she could get with risking life and limb.  Since
then, she'd felt guilty, and hoped he would get angry with her and show a little
backbone... and a lot of bone, she mused, imagining what he might do if he found
out about the affair.  Each time she had reflected on it since the encounter,
she had regretted cheating on him.... she needed the experience, and while she
had no apologies for that, she felt bad for betraying Paul's love.  He was a
great guy, and he deserved to be with someone who could love him.

 	I do love him, she sighed, and hoped she wasn't kidding herself- hoped
that things her uncle had said about her when he took her weren't true. Maybe I
don't love him, but I sure want to make him happy, and I want him to make me
happy, too, she thought.  I sure want me to be happy.

  	"Really?"  Paul's voice was choked, but the way his question seemed
directed at her thoughts upset and thrilled her.  She was sure he suspected
something, and she almost wanted to confess- wanted to tell him what had
happened

 	Her uncle, 'babysitting' while her 'rents were out to the movies, back
when Melissa was going through her wild phase...  He'd brought beer, and when he
had settled in with his television, she'd stolen a can and smuggled it upstairs
under her shirt, cold metal against her abdomen.  Melissa drinking it- awful
taste, making her gassy- and then the warm, fuzzy sensation as a buzz overtook
her. 

 	Dizziness from passing out, her heavyset uncle on top of her on her pink
canopy bed, kissing her, touching her.  Warm lips and rough hands as he kissed
her body awake, protesting weakly.  Fingers digging into her crotch, stimulating
her, awakening her.  Her panties being pulled down, and something-

 	She pulled back from Paul a little, trying not shudder against him where
he could feel it, and smiled for him- her cheeks pulling into a grin, showing
their softness in the faded yellow lamplight, her brown eyes dark and starry.  I
must love him, she thought, and kissed his hand as her ran his knuckles softly
across her left cheek.  He treats me right and he's my best friend, and he's a
damn hottie to boot. Come on, she willed him, fuck me, FUCK me already... just
tie me down and do anything you like...  She wished he could get her off,
yearned to get past the wall that was clearly blocking her sexual evolution.



 	"Baby, I'm fine..."

 	She detected a hint of skepticism in his eyes, but it dissolved as he
leaned in to kiss her again, settling for a soft peck on the cheek. "Want to get
together tomorrow and skate the bridge again?"

 	Melissa shook her head, and grinned ruefully. "I've got an English lit
exam Monday. I have to study." 

 	Paul shrugged, and offered, "I could help..."

 	She just shook her head. "Cliff Notes are all the help I can need.  I'll
see you Wednesday."  She paused for a moment, waiting for the "what happened to
Tuesday," but it never came.  Paul just nodded and gripped the steering wheel.

 	Melissa opened the passenger door, sliding out of the passenger seat
with her books under one arm and her skateboard under the other, closing the
door with her toe.  Leaning over onto the window frame, she whispered, "Love
you."

 	Paul smiled and mouthed the words back to her with all the reverence of
a priest during communion. As she stepped away from the curb, his Fairmont
pulled away and he headed home, the sedan's taillights a dimming red glow in the
night.



 	Just as Melissa got to the door of her apartment, she could hear the
phone ringing from the kitchen. 

 	"Shit!" She began to frantically fish in her jeans for the front door
key and found it, opening the door quickly, rushing beyond the living room and
into the kitchen to pick up the phone before the answering machine could get it.

 	"Hello?" 

 	She pulled her wild hair behind her left ear, out of the way of the
receiver, straining to hear the caller.  On the other end, silence. 

 	Melissa looked over at the Caller ID machine and flinched to see the
city of Howard.  Howard was a tiny California town, just miles from the town of
Copeland- and there was no one in Copeland she ever wanted to hear from, ever. 
She chewed nervously on the nail of her right ring finger.  The thought of her
uncle calling her apartment made her uneasy, but she tried again.  "Hello?"  Her
voice was calm but urgent, warning. 

 	After a brief pause, a woman's voice said, quietly, "Wrong number..." 
There was a click, and the dial tone. 

 	 Heading back to the front door with a relieved sigh, Melissa turned the
lights on and removed her key from the lock. She then closed the door, locking
it behind her, and turned on the Pentium II at her desk.  As she waited for the
computer to bleep and bloop through the opening drive boot, she took a granola
bar from the pantry and sat down in front of her computer.

 	Checking her e-mails, she found dozens of skate/snowboard related emails
from her forum, a few "Take Back the Night" rally messages, asking her to bring
spare candles again.  She made a mental note to stop by Pottery Barn and moved
on to the "met you at the festival" nonsense- guys and gals hitting on her after
she won the big prize in her age division at a skateboarding competition. 
Swallowing her snack in huge, hungry bites, she hurried through these and on to
the ones that said "Fantasy Rape", "StrangePage", and "rapedungeon". 

 	Inside were detailed and imaginary accounts of Melissa's abduction and
defilement, writing she had requested at a rape fetish website.  The first one
was vanilla, a 'slave master' story about a man abducting her and painfully
humiliating her to break her spirit, then torturing her when humiliation was not
effective.  There was lots of emphasis on her 'huge breasts', subsequent nipple
torture and an incident with a branding iron.  She sighed and closed it.  B-cup,
you idiot.

 	The next one was a blackmail story... the story concerned Melissa
cheating on a test, and her professor blackmailing her into spankings,
violations, and eventual prostitution.  She frowned, and moved on.

 	"Oh, my." 

 	The third one was an account of Melissa stopping in a Mexican biker bar
during Spring Break and being taken by force into a back room, stripped, raped
and sodomized, and left tied to a pool table for the whole town to use.  As she
read the words, she could feel herself beginning to wet, and moved quickly with
the mouse to open up a folder of rape images she had collected over the last
year. 

 	The image she stopped on featured a model dressed-and-undressed as a
prim schoolteacher being forced into sex with three men, violating and
simultaneously using her holes, while the model cried and seemed to scream in
protest.  Putting the image up on her computer screen next to the e-mail,
Melissa touched her finger to the fly of her zipper and began to reread the
story from the beginning. 

 	As the heroine began to cum from a powerful anal domination, her fingers
were down the front of her pants, scratching at her bush, the tip of her middle
finger snaking down softly over her labia.  Self-consciously, she withdrew her
hand and, curling her fingers into a fist to control herself, she used it to
prop up her chin as she continued reading.  When she was finished with the story
a second time, she looked to the bathroom and whistled softly, wet for the
second time in an evening.

 	Stripping her t-shirt off, she headed past her bedroom and into the hall
for a much-needed shower.  Inside the bathroom, she turned on the light and
glanced at herself under the harsh fluorescents, her small, pert breasts showing
tan lines from her trip to the beach back in August.  She surveyed the tattoo at
her navel, a tribal sun surrounding it.  She fingered the piercing at the top as
she watched herself, wetting her lips as she though of the story she'd just
read. Chuckling and starting the hot water for her shower, she returned to the
bathroom door.

 	She cracked the door open to let the steam out, then laughed out loud
and opened it all the way.  Of all the alien elements of college life, she had
found living away from your parents the strangest thing to cope with. The
freedom was wonderful, and she'd lucked out to have roommates who were always
gone for the summer, and usually didn't show up until late September.  With
weeks to go, Melissa was enjoying the run of the apartment.  She smacked her
head and chastised herself, Dummy!  Feed Erin's cat before the poor thing
starves.

 	Sitting on the bathroom rug, she began to wiggle out of her jeans,
pulling them off her legs; first the left, then the right.  She removed her
socks and balled them together for the hamper, then stood and dropped her
panties to the floor, kicking them up into her hand and dunking them into the
hamper, the way Paul did when he was cleaning up his room.  She giggled and
turned to the mirror again, admiring her small, dark pubic mound for a moment.
Taking a towel from the bathroom closet, she opened the shower curtain and
stepped in.

 	She left the water especially hot, removing the showerhead from its
cradle and pointing it towards her crotch.  Scrubbing like crazy with the back
scrubber, she began washing away the sex from between her legs, while waves of
hot, burning water stirred new sensations.

 	As the head of the big brush bobbed back and forth over her crotch,
Melissa's mind wandered to fantasy.  She imagined being pulled to a dirty
mattress by that Mexican biker gang in the story, raped and sodomized into
complete abandon as dozens of men used and degraded her, calling her terrible
names and forcing her to admit to being all of the things they called her. She
made a slow, rotating motion with the brush against her pussy as the fantasy
sent a chill through her steaming skin, until she was panting, head leaning up
against the linoleum for support. Unable to let go for a proper cum while
standing, she gave up after an aching minute and gave her hair the second
lather, her biceps trembling for a few moments after with wild lust.

 	When her work was done, she turned the water off and took a towel to her
body, drying herself as much as possible. Stepping out of the tub and walking
before the full size mirror, she wiped away the steam, trying to size herself
up. She imagined large hands gripping her arms, clasping her jaw, pawing at her
crotch. The image made her light-headed and trembling for a moment, but the
moment passed. Sniffing and drying with the towel, she wrapped herself, picking
her baggy jeans off the floor and carrying them back to her room.

 	As Melissa stepped through the bedroom door, her instinct warned her
that something was wrong. She looked to the right behind the door, and a dark
shape moved suddenly towards her.

 	There was a loud crackling sound, a flash of blue light, and then all at
once Melissa felt a sting, like being punched with a handful of little pins. 
Her body quit on her, muscles spasming and buckling under her own relatively
light frame.  She went limp in the arms of the stranger before her, unable to
adjust her eyes to look at his face.




Chapter Two: Abduction



 	As she drifted back into consciousness, Melissa could feel herself being
tied and restrained where she;d fallen by a man.  She blinked again and again,
trying to see, but nothing was visible... it was only after a minute of
concentration that she began to understand that a tightly-tied blindfold
frustrated her.  The cold air from the air conditioning vent told her she was
still naked, lying face down on her bedroom carpet.

 	All at once, she became aware of the intruder again.  She could feel
him, on top of her, his thighs pinning her down, as he wrapped something around
her wrists... duct tape.  There was the awful sound of a length of duct tape
being ripped from a roll and than wrapped painfully against her skin.  Her
wrists were being duct taped to her elbows. 

 	She tried to pull loose, but the bonds were already tight... her ands
and wrists we now tied in a perfect square behind her back, and her arms were
being torturously pulled away from her boy at mid-forearm, like a trapeze at her
beck. 

 	She began to pant, trying to get her voice back, to ask a question. 
"Who...?"

 	Suddenly, she felt the man on top of her sitting up to remove his weight
from her body.  She tried kicking out her legs to buck him off of her, but
quickly stopped her with a rough hand placed firmly on her thigh, pushing her
back down against the carpet, pushing her own weight against the wrists at her
back.  As she laid there, she could feel the eyes of the man above her crossing
her open skin, her small, round breasts, her navel ring.  She could feel his hot
breath, hear the air leaving his nostrils...  and then those rough, calloused
fingertips settled on her breasts, rubbing across her nipples.

 	She asked, in a reedy, far-away voice, "Are you here to..." ...Rape me? 
Her mind swirled and she began to swoon at the idea, feeling the rough denim of
the man's jeans against her naked thighs and tender mound.  She could feel her
arms trembling from the pressure, and every part of her shook.  She felt him
press forward, until his lips were licking her own.  She panicked,
hyperventilating, her mouth opening submissively to receive his tongue.

 	Without warning, a musky cloth was forced into her mouth.  Her breath
was now drawn only through her nose, and those were short and not enough for her
mind to take.  As she felt her consciousness leave her, rough duct tape was
applied across her lips, sealing the cloth against her weak cry, as the piercing
in her labret was forced painfully against her lower gums.



 	She came back quickly this time, woken from slumber by something pushing
into the tight cavity of her warm vagina.  It felt cold and unwelcome, and she
tried to stop it by tightening her muscles, but that only seemed to make the
pain of the intrusion more intense.  The object felt undoubtedly like a dildo of
some kind, but a rougher kind than she had ever played with- and far bigger.  It
was wedged deeply in wiggled once, and then left there.

 	Above her, the terrible pulling and ripping noise of the duct tape
continued, long lengths being counted out under the breath of her mysterious
assailant.  After a few moments, nothing, just her and her rapist breathing in
time, as he toyed with her nipples again.  She arched herself up a little,
lifting her filled crotch against his rough jeans, trying to rub the dildo.  She
figured that her attacker would figure her for worried and anxious, but at this
point, she honestly didn't care- she just wanted him to begin whatever it was he
was planning and stop the suspense. 

 	Suddenly, she felt the tape wrapping around her upper thigh, and then
being patted down into her crotch.

 	"MmmmMMmmph!"  Melissa struggled violently against the pat-down.  She
had read enough rape fantasies to know where this was leading.  In moments, she
felt the man toy with the base of the dildo, and then felt the sudden start of a
vibration within it.  More tape was wrapped around her other thigh, until the
buzzing vibrator was secure in her genitalia and she would be unable to lodge
it.  The powerfully sticky duct tape clung to the small pubic hairs at the edges
of her lips, pulling painfully if she moved even an inch. 

 	The rapist climbed off of her and began squeezing her right breast
gently, toying with her, as the vibrator continued a steady hum in her vagina
and deep in her folds, as Melissa lay there, helpless.  She felt a hand tenderly
stroke her left cheek, just under the blindfold, just above the tape trapping
the rag in her mouth.  Frustrated and scared, she began to sob.  The attacker
did nothing more than move his hand to her belly and play with her navel
piercing for a moment.  She felt him rise from the floor and move somewhere,
then felt each footstep as he neared her, her mind delirious from the
stimulation in her pussy.

  	Some kind of pole was being slipped between her tape-bound thighs,
moving across the length of her back, and down her spine, underneath the
'trapeze' of her arms.  She heard the duct tape being unwrapped again, and then
felt her ankles pulled roughly back until they were against her ass.  The
duct-tape unwrapped again, and her ankles were fastened both to her waist, to
the pole, and to her tightly-bound forearms. Her knees were tied to the pole,
with a cold, metallic crossbeam inserted against the backs of her knees as the
tape went around and around.

 	She heard a second set of footsteps enter the apartment.  There was a
soft, sinister chuckle, and then she was being lifted.  Something was being
wrapped around her- some kind of tarp.  She felt cords binding her even tighter. 
With a jolt, her body was lifted into the air, Melissa dangling on the pole.
Counting the things she was knocked into as they moved, Melissa had a clear idea
of where they were.  She panicked, trying hard to move somehow against her
bonds, until she heard the sound of the door being softly opened.  She was
carried a few hundred feet before the familiar sound of a sliding car door told
her that she was about to be loaded into a van or a truck. 

 	How long, she wondered, did it take them to do all of this?  She was
tied, loaded in their vehicle, and totally under their control, and yet her hair
was still damp from the shower. After one of the men climbed in beside her, the
sliding door was shut and another door opened and closed.  Her breathing,
labored by the plastic layer she was wrapped in, was getting shorter and
shorter, and it deflected back onto her own face as she waited for the she felt
like she was going to pass out soon.  A few seconds later, the car was started,
and the van rolled along, slowly moving out of Melissa's neighborhood. 

  	She tried to imagine the many men, and women, who could be responsible
for such an act.  The people she'd talked to on the Internet, former lovers,
friends who might have known her better than she thought. 

 	Think, dammit... who could do this?  Who knows me this well?  She was
uncertain that she had met, or somehow provoked, the men who had tied and
trussed her, but that seemed the most logical thing. She was sweating under the
plastic tarp for many minutes before the van began to drive in earnest.  She
felt the tarp unwrapped from her body, and breathed in fully, head reeling from
the lack of oxygen, now suddenly granted to her.  The new man began to play with
her breasts, fondling them and kissing them as they drove, occasionally biting
one with soft, steady pressure that made Melissa ache and beg, uselessly, to be
released from her bonds.

 	An hour later, Melissa was drifting in and out of consciousness.  She
felt herself grinding in small motions with the compelling persuasion of the
vibrator, her heartbeat still erratic and her body covered in sweat.  She tried
to focus, tried to relax, but was unable to calm herself, whimpering and begging
for relief or satisfaction, not particularly interested in which one had
priority.     She began to wonder if she'd ever see her life, her home, or her
family again.  She began to feel bad for them- for Paul, for her mother- all the
people she'd let down with her reckless obsession.  She felt certain that her
Internet fantasies had somehow provoked this, and that she'd probably die
because of it.  Maybe... I can convince the guy I wanted it, she though, thighs
burning with the heat from the plastic vibrator between her legs and her
wetness.  Get him to... make me sign something, or... videotape me, or...

 	There was a giggle, and the second man, who had been toying with her
breasts, reached down and put his fingers across the tape that held the vibrator
in her pussy.  With a tiny motion, he began to move the vibrator inside her in
circle motions.  She twisted, hurting her arms as she crushed them, trying to
accommodate his direction, as she felt herself nearing her orgasm, hips
trembling with desperation.  Without any warning, the vibrator stopped it's
humming.

 	She flailed and thrashed, trying to send the message, finish me! Fuck
me, oh fuck me anywhere...  instead, she felt incredible pain as the tape around
her pussy was yanked away from her with a violent tear.  She screamed into her
gag, tears pouring out of the corners of her eyes and dampening the hair at her
temples.  She was rolled over completely on her back, the pole pressing into her
back and neck, and her arms crushed underneath her weight and the pressure of
the pole. 

 	After a moment, she was lifted, to an almost seating position, nearly
nauseous from the motion and her blindness.  She felt a warm cock positioned at
the folds of her vagina, demanding entry.  She tried to nod, yes, do it, hurry,
but the pole kept banging into the back of her head.  Defeated, she waited, head
rolling, aching for the promise of a brutal rape to bring her to orgasm.

 	In moments, she felt his thick, nasty shaft begin to work its way inside
of her.  She arched her back as far the pole would let her go, giving him as
much access to her wet mound as possible.  With a tentative push, the invading
cock began moving into her, going only a few inches deep... a short, fat roll
inside her.  Still, it was hitting her where she needed it, and she was
responding.  Even the most awful parts of the assault... the pain in her back
and arms, the feel of his oily testicles slapping against her taped thighs...
even these details had her turned on.

 	Her mind began running off a seemingly endless series of wretched
thoughts about herself, like an evil mantra: Ogod imadirtyslut fuckme rapeme
doit fuckme imafucktoy hurtme imyourslutfucktoynow hurtme...

 	Suddenly, the cock was withdrawn with warning, plopping out and dripping
fluids onto her belly.  NO!  She arched, pleading, but she was instead laid
across the man's lap, cock warm and wet against her belly. Please, please... 

 	After a moment, his hand, warm and wet with some kind of lotion, began
to work its way between her tightly bound thighs.  As he rubbed into her pussy
with his right middle finger, she shook her body, trying to impale herself.  Oh
yes... yes!  She groaned behind her gag, as he began to stimulate her clit with
rolling motions and flicks, as beads of perspiration formed across her forehead
and upper lip, soaking into the duct tape across her skin.  As she went further,
the oily lubricant making his every touch warmer and more pronounced, her blind
eyes rolled back into her head and she went primal, humping his hand with
everything she had. 

 	Melissa came, stiffening as she did.  She felt herself sliding down from
across his lap, the skin of her face moving across his penis as he held her
there, stroking her hair lovingly even as his cock ticked, ticked ticked to have
its own release.  It was minutes into the petting that she noticed her tortured
body was sucking the saliva-filled rag in her mouth, only more than willing to
accommodate her rapist's manhood.  She groaned. Moving her hair across his lap,
a thank you for her release.  He simply scooted over and started masturbating. 
She tried to strain her neck to touch it with her hair again.  She was rewarded
with a series of wet spurts across her blindfold, eyes, nose and hair.  The
powerful smell of the man's semen across her face opened her nostrils quick, and
she leaned to the floor to breathe.  He brought her back to his lap, where his
softening cock continued to christen her face and hair.

 	The van began to drive over a rough dirt road, and she began to wonder
about whether this would be a wish fulfillment or a nightmare made reality.  
She drifted back into sleep, uncertain of what the rest of her life would be, or
how long she might have to live it.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gary Wilcox


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





