BDSM Library - It's All in the Mind




It's All in the Mind
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When you think the neighbour hood kids are demons maybe your not so wrong.
Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk



                                                                     

                 Another story by Pagan.

                                       Its all in the Mind

Tuesday Evening.

"So what's the big secret", Lester asked, "Its not that warm out here and I'm
not supposed to be out here, if mum finds out then shit hits the fan and I'm
grounded for eternity".

Jim looked blankly at his friend Lester, "I've told you three times now, I don't
fucking know, he just said to meet him down by the old dock house at seven and
here we are and where the hell is he"?



Lester picked a pebble up and skimmed it at the water, "He's been acting strange
since last weekend, you know after Jason, what's his name dared him to go to the
old mill house and fetch back the weather vain, didn't think he'd do it but when
he turned up the following day with it, king of the hill to all but Jason, shut
that fucking shit up".

Jim agreed, "Ya sure shut him up, oh fuck where is he, shit that's all we need,
now there's mist coming off the river"; his eyes scanned the lane for his best
mate Paul King.



"It was easy to shut that cunt up".

Jim spun, "Where the fuck did you come from".

Lester stared at him, "Ya where did you come from? We been watching, you didn't
come down the lane and you ain't wet and your Ma's posh boat ain't here".



Paul King gave a half smile, "Well I'm here so what, anyway its about the old
mill you should see what I found up there, come on", and he took off at speed.

The other two had all on to keep up with Paul. As they reached the gate to the
mill he stopped, Lester and Jim were almost on their knees but Paul hadn't even
broken sweat, "Come on, its inside".



Lester gasped out, "Fuck off I'm knackered, just wait your hurry while we get
our breath back".

Jim hung on to his friend, "Shit what's the hurry, you ain't even - - -".



Jim stopped in mid sentence as he watched Paul's eyes; they glazed over like a
marble then the veins stood out, you could see the red blood flooding his eyes,
soon they were completely red apart from the piercing black pupil.

Nether of the two boys could speak as Paul spoke, his voice low, older and evil,
"Go up the drive, go inside the mill and wait", an eerie mist took the place of
Paul as the two boys turned and walked up the drive.



Wednesday Morning.



Paul waited by the campus entrance, his eyes flicked over the crowds coming
through; he picked out Jim and Lester, they looked sombre but they were looking
straight at him, he thought: so you met him then: they looked startled but still
nodded, as they reached him he turned and they all entered together. 



As they walked towards the main buildings entrance he thought again,: You will
soon have more thought power, he will call you, you will go and things will
change, most of all, so will you, your not like them anymore, and you will like
it : the two boy's looked at Paul with uncertainty etched on their face's.



Paul left it at that but as he entered the class he looked at them as they sat,
: Watch and learn, this is the kind of power you will get and I have only seen
him three times :

Innocent Miss Tomlin came in to the class and sat behind her desk.

Miss Tomlin the epitome of small town collage teaching, nice neat and that's how
she liked her world and her students, a respectful hush fell over the room.



She rose, "Students I wish you to remember what I write on the board and then
that should give you the answer to what I show you", she opened her book and
turned to the board.

Paul lent forward put his hand to the side of his face, covering his eyes from
others; they glazed over red as he concentrated on Miss Tomlin :



He drilled in to her mind, his new found skills racing at 20 words a second, all
she did was momentarily stop then he lent back and waited.



Her hand moved the chalk over the board, students started to gasp as she wrote.

What's hot, wet, horny, between my legs and wants to be fucked, wants to be
fucked by all you boys and after, it will sit on one of you hot ass'd girls face
while you lick their cum out of it.

She stopped writing and turned, "Any ideas on what it is class", with that she
bent and clutched the hem of her skirt and pulled the skirt up to her waist, put
her thumb in the waist band of a pair of white cotton pants and pushed the front
down displaying a neat little slit with a light covering of mousy brown hair.



Paul, Lester and Jim burst out laughing but they were the only ones, the rest
tittered and coughed some of the girls got up and left but generally there was
embarrassment.

Miss Tomlin suddenly dropped her skirt, turned looked at the board and gave a
straggled cry bringing more laughter from the three boys.



Jason turned to Paul, "Shut up will you, you'll get us all in the shit", Paul
stood up, "You want me to make a fool of you again ass-hole".

Miss Tomlin erased the board, then crumbled in to her chair and sat staring at
everybody, quickly she blurted out, "Please class read your books; you three
will go with me to the headmistress's office.



The three boys stood, as Paul followed the other two out his eyes cast over the
class and a smile came to his lips then he walked out quickly followed by a
hapless Miss Tomlin.



Apart from a few sniffs and oh dears from Miss Tomlin the walk to the office was
done in silence, that's what it looked like to the outside world but Paul
re-laid his words to the others : Told you life for us is now different, this
part is what I and I expect you have been waiting for, this and other times like
it will be worth our little sacrifice :



The words, our little sacrifice, screamed at them but by now the office door
stood in front of them, Miss Tomlin knocked.

A female voice called, "Enter", Miss Tomlin pushed in and held the door as the
three boys sauntered past her, and stood by the wall.



At the other side of the room was an imposing desk, behind that sat an
attractive tall woman, her hair held back by a black satin band, her delicate
fresh face made working her age out difficult, she would have looked better in a
light summer dress than the two piece business suit, Paul could see under the
desk, the skirt just covered her knees but many times Paul had wondered what was
above those shapely firm calves that always looked so good as she walked around
the school in her three inch heels.



Miss Tomlin stood talking to her for about three or four minutes, Miss Wootton
listened and did her usual understanding bit, then rose and walked her out of
the office, closed the door and returned, stood in front of the desk, folded her
arms and looked at the boys.

 

She tried to adopt a firm tone in her voice as she started; "Now I don't know
how or why but you three had better listen to a few rules which I want observed
in this school. One, there is a code which- - - - -", her voice trailed off as a
drone as Paul re-laid to the other two : Well my friends if you thought the last
little escaped was fun try this and remember to-night at ten you go to Miss
Woottons house, she will be expecting you and all of you go to the mill, have
you got that : thoughts from the other two entered his head, : Good, now let the
fun begin :.



He looked down and concentrated, his eyes glazed, the white turned red as the
eyes rolled up, the small black pupil staring at the woman, her voice grew
faint, it started to falter she couldn't look away from him, suddenly her arms
dropped to her side, she was silent.



Lester and Jim looked at Paul, their eye riveted to the mass of red that bulged
from under his eyelids, but he was looking at her.

"What's your first name"? Paul said the words slowly, menacingly, almost a
growl, she looked but didn't, her eyes vacant, empty, her voice now demure,
subservient, "Its Kathleen".



Now Paul's voice dropped to a rasping hollow growl, "Well Katie how about you
being a different kind of HEAD mistress to us, lock the door".

She walked to the door and locked it, "Now come here", she moved in front of
him, his eyes burned in to her as his thoughts invaded her mind.



The other two knew he was in her mind, they could see her face twitch as his
grin grew, she suddenly said, "Yes master of course I want your cock deep inside
me, me I have it in my mouth first", his grin became evil as he stared at her,
"Yes of course master I will disrobe before I pleasure you".



The three boys watched as she took off the jacket, then the little scarf before
the blouse. The skirt dropped to the floor, then her panti-hose. Her hands went
behind her back and unclipped her bra, her medium sized but firm breasts bounced
free as it fell to the floor, at last her pants slid down her legs displaying a
nicely trimmed bush above her pink slit, she stood before them a vision of naked
beauty.



She looked at him, "Sorry master, immediately master"; she dropped to her knees
and pulled at the zip on Paul's jeans, her hand dipped inside and he felt her
cool hands touch his hardening cock.

Jim mind filled with : move to my right : he did, her hands pulled Paul's cock
out, then she turned to Lester, one side and Jim the other until all three boys
stood, their hard cocks pointing out and pointing at her, she looked up at them,
"Please may I pleasure you with my Head Master".



Paul looked at his two friends then down at the naked woman, she opened her
mouth and closed it over his cock as she held the other two cocks in her hands,
her head pushed forward and back as did her hands, gripping their cocks and
drawing the skin up and over the heads then back again, all three boys lent back
against the wall, enjoying their new found power.



Paul felt Jims mind try hard to ask : Are we going to fuck her : Paul's mind
firmly replied : Not this one, she's needed but there will be others, lots,
provided we keep our side of the bargain : Jim was about to reply when Paul
added : Don't ask, you are the servant you will know soon enough, as for now try
this :.



He looked down at the woman deliciously sucking at his cock, she stopped, looked
up at him "Yes master", her head turned and her mouth enveloped Jims cock, Paul
walked past and over to the desk, she quickly pulled her head from the cock, "In
my locker, the keys in the desk", before she turned parted her lips and started
to suck Lester.



She sucked a dozen times at Lester's cock before returning to do the same to
Jim's. Paul found her cane and walked up behind her. She had just returned to
Jim to suck for a second dozen when Paul flicked the cane, the room filled with
a long, "Aaaahhhhhhmmmpphh", that gurgled round Jims cock, again and again Paul
struck, each time she squealed but never stopped sucking, a dozen on one cock
then a dozen on the other.



Paul had her stand and bend to carry on her sucking; her long legs forced her
ass in to a perfect bent target as the few red wilts became many.

She dutifully carried on until Jims cock exploded in her mouth, she swallowed as
much as she could before she brought her hand up to push back any juice that had
dribbled out and made sure she licked her fingers and wrist before returning to
finish off Lester, all the time Paul flicked the cane at her defenceless ass,
deliberately finding parts that were still white, grinning as another red line
appeared.  



Lester finally came, she pushed her head hard in to him forcing the cock to
lodge in her throat as it pumped in to her, she swallowed it all then stood and
looked at the two boys, "Thank you for feeding me masters", Paul came before her
and looked, "My pleasure master", she took the cane from him and put it on the
desk then lent and put her head down on the desk, opened her legs and put her
hands on her ass cheeks pulling them apart, her head slid round on the desk and
looked back at him, "Yes master I want you to fuck my ass".



Paul buried his cock up her ass and fucked her, his thrusts were hard, cruel and
fast, furiously banging in to her, lifting her legs from the floor until he
came, he took great delight in slapping her already bleeding cheeks before
pumping her ass full, she immediately turned, dropped to her knees and sucked,
her tongue licking his cock clean.



The three boys zipped themselves up and moved towards the doors, as Paul passed
the kneeling naked woman his foot lashed out, pushing her to the ground, he
laughed at her as he opened the door letting the other two out.



Wednesday Evening.

It was about 10.35; the mist from the river showed silver in the moon light as
the three figures walked towards the old mill. They pushed the gate opened and
walked to the old wooden door; it seemed to open for them as they stepped on to
the porch.



Inside the mist seemed everywhere, they could see Paul sat in the corner, above
him a large black shadow seem to hang as the two boys moved to the right of Miss
Wootten it floated towards them.

As the shadow neared the two boys it turned to a mist folding over them; as they
breathed the mist in side their bodies both boys groaned and moaned in a show of
unbridled ecstasy.



Jim was the first to regain his senses he stared up, Lester soon woke his eyes
cleared as they both took in the sight before them.

 Levitated, about five feet in the air was Miss Wootten, she was naked her legs
wide open, her knees lifted, her head hanging back, sexual groaning filled the
room as the black shadow engulfed her.



A huge black cock was thumping in to her, her whole body shook with the power of
the thrust, though nothing seemed to be touching them her tits where moving, you
could see the indentations of fingers squeezing the white firm globes, mauling
them pulling them in to unnatural shapes; the nipples seemed to be jerking out,
elongating, as her whole body writhed to an uncontrollable orgasm.

Suddenly the shrouded black head dropped forward and covered the jolting woman's
head; a muted squeal was the last sound she made as the black shadow completely
covered her and then it, and she became nothing more than mist that dispelled in
to the night.



Paul King rose from the chair and walked over, his thoughts stole in to theirs :
He was pleased, we gave him what he needs he didn't mind the red striped ass
something about, he had to have her untouched blood, personally I don't give a
shit as long as I have been given more power : he grinned at his friends : And
you, you must feel it, life as you've never known it, don't you feel special, I
know when all I had was the power you have, how good I felt : his mind almost
overwhelmed the two boys, : Well wait until you progress to where I am now, but
that's for him to decide, come, there's things to do :



Friday Morning

School had been cancelled; everybody was concerned with the disappearance of
Miss Wootton, well almost everyone.

Paul, Jim and Lester sat by the small pond at the end of town, Paul had decided
it was Jim and Lester's turn to go and find a victim and she had to be a virgin,
they all knew that at ten that night the man needed another, Paul laughed as he
said they could do the same as last time, but not the cunt, that was for the
man; Ruby Lowe was chosen.



She was in the fifth grade, pretty, and a definite unopened prick tease, today
she would be easily found cycling to the youth centre at about two, they planned
to stop her at the fork in the path near Beatty's old barn, the barn would do
nicely for their enjoyment.



Talking with out speaking was now easier for Jim and Lester, they communicated
thoughts, Paul smiled as he saw what Jim was thinking of doing to Ruby, but what
nether Jim or Lester knew was that Paul's powers were now so enhanced he could
now go in to their minds and look through their eyes and see what they were
doing.



Friday Afternoon

Paul watched the two boys walk off towards the path that would take them to the
fork, he turned and made for the gate across the meadow and then on to Jims
house.

He arrived at the set of brick and wooden four bed-roomed house's, it was a nice
area, six house's straddled the fifteen acres, Lester's was the second one in
and Jims was at the end.

 Paul stepped up to the back porch, through the glass door he could see Jims
mother, she was relaxing with a woman's magazine and a cup of coffee, he passed
Cindy's bike and knocked on the door.



She stood up and walked over to the door. Jims mother Cheri was not tall but she
was well built, every school boys idea of sex on legs; trouble was with the long
bouncy dark hair, pretty face, lovely mouth, firm big tits, shapely waist, nice
plump bum, thick thighs and good legs that looked great in clicking high heels,
she was firmly religious, never heard her swear, never did anything wrong, he
smiled as he heard that clicking coming towards the door.



"Hello Paul, you looking for James", Paul smiled, "Sure", she beckoned him in,
"He's not here, out with Lester only Cindy and she's just gone for a bath so
she'll be an hour or more", she tossed her thick black hair back, "Don't know
what these teenage girls find to do still, do you want lemonade"?



"If that's no bother, Mr Newton in"? She moved towards the fridge, her dress
rose as she bent over for the bottle, her thighs showed and her ass looked so
inviting under that short summer dress, her reply came from the fridge, "No he's
out until late tomorrow, gone over to Readford with Lester's dad, ah here we
are", she stood and turned, bottle in hand, she slowly put it on the table, "Yes
master".



She stood transfixed, her eyes held by the red bulges in Paul's sockets.



Paul settled himself in to a the chair just vacated by Cheri, she stood silent,
immobile, waiting, Paul could feel her fear, knowing she was trapped, she knew
she would have to do what ever he told her, her will was gone, she was his to do
with as he pleased.



His grin grew to an evil sneer, the veins in his head visibly stood out as he
worked on the helpless, pretty house-wife's mind, he allowed himself a small
giggle as he watched her body squirm, she bit her lip as he filled her mind with
sex, her libido was increasing at an alarming rate.



His mind told her to bring the wooden rocking chair over in front of him and to
sit.



She sat there, her hips moving, her thighs rubbing together, her breasts heaved
up as her breathing became erratic; beads of perspiration formed on her face, he
could see her nipples through the cotton dress, he knew if he could see them
they would have to be big, she had a bra on.



He smiled as he watched her hands opening and closing, her body shaking, he
intensified his thoughts, images of sex, disgusting words, perverted acts filled
her naive brain, she was being forced in to an aroused state beyond anything she
had ever felt before, she bit her lip, little moans escaped her forced silence
as he watched her squirm he suddenly spoke, his voice an evil twisted growl.



"Open your legs", her legs parted, "Oh further than that, come on all the way",
she forced her legs to push open, wide open, her thighs hard against the wooden
arm staves, her dress open, raising up her thighs displaying the white of her
pants.



He sat there looking at her obscenely displaying herself, showing him what he
had wanted to see for so long, and then his humiliation of terrified woman
began.



"Does little churchy girl want to play with her big hot fat titties"?

 Cheri gasped a little, "Yes", Paul growled, "Yes what"?

"Yes master", his red eyes stared at her, "Go on then, while I look up that nice
dress of yours, nice of you to show me what you got between your sexy thighs".



Slowly Cheri hands moved up and started to caress her dress over her tits, she
tugged at the nipple as if trying to milk the pain or pleasure away, Paul worked
harder, he could see her rubbing her ass on the hard chair he knew she was hot
and he was enjoying playing with her, "Get them out little churchy then you can
really play with them, lets see them, do you want to show them to me".



He knew the answer but still enjoyed hearing the squirming housewife he had
lusted after for years say, "Yes".

Then my little churchy get them out but how about you stand and dance for your
master while you do, a slow sexy dance then you may show them nice titties to
me".

She unbuttoned the top of the dress as she swayed her hips and body around,
gyrating and grunting, Paul grinned to see this fine upstanding woman of the
community stripping like a common whore just for his pleasure.



The dress slid it off her shoulders the whole garment dropped to the floor, as
she reached behind to unhook the bra Paul wallowed in the sight. Tottering
around in little three inch brown open backed sandals, naked legs bouncing,
opening, closing showing off the thick strong thighs, at the top a pair of neat
white pants, as her legs opened he could see a dark stain covering the crutch.



 His eyes moved up to her little slim waist and then the bra dropped, oh yes a
perfect pair of large tits with huge round areolas surrounding thick long deep
red buds that were now being squeezed and pinched by little delicate fingers.

   				

Paul thoughts invaded her, this time he wanted her to speak, but he wanted every
filthy word imaginable to pour out of her religious mouth.

She fought it but it was no use as she bumped and ground to some imaginary music
she suddenly blurted out, "God I want to fuck, my fucking cunt is needing a
cock, I want a cock up my ass, my cunt, I want to suck cock. Master do you want
my cunt, please let me put my cunt in your mouth, tongue me out I need your
tongue let me open my legs for you, here suck my tits, get my nipples in your
mouth, bite them make me scream but fuck me please master fuck me".



Paul's answer was half growl, half humiliating laughter as he said, "You play
with your cunt first then I will let you have my cock, but first, stick your
fingers up your own cunt, and make sure you push them up as far as you can".



She was still being forced to dance round, gyrating her hips at him as she slid
her pants to the floor; her cunt, now inches from Paul's face was wet, her
fingers glistened as they drove in and out finger fucking herself; she still
swayed her ass around, her tits swung, jiggling about, as she continued
speaking, "Am I doing it right master you like my cunt, my fingers fucking me to
your liking, my tits and nipples big enough for you to enjoy, I want you to use
them, use me, all of me, I'm yours, please master make me yours take me, fuck
me, fuck me now".



Paul lay back in the chair, her mind heard, : Take the cock out, suck it, kiss
it, lick all of it, worship it, but continue with the finger fucking and get a
finger up your ass while your doing yourself :.



Cheri's bent down on her haunches, her legs spread wide, her cunt opened for him
as her fingers quickly undid the top button on the jeans and pulled the zipper
down, her hand drove in and pulled his cock out, her mouth sucked at it then she
ran her lips up and all over the head kissing it then back down the full length
before driving between his legs to lick his balls; her right hand went between
her own legs and she inserted two fingers up her cunt and one up her ass,
continuing to fuck herself for her new masters pleasure.



Paul let her suck him, he made her look up at him as her mouth moved quickly up
and down his shaft, his evil grin widened as he forced her to take all his
length in to her throat until he came, pumping his juice in to the back of her
mouth.

He made her carry on until he found himself stiffening again, her mind told her
to get on her back and spread her legs, Paul was soon on top of her fucking her
wet cunt while he made her tickle his balls. His knees were slightly bent and
his mouth was enjoying her nipples, his new found powers allowed him to fuck her
until he was ready and that took him a good twenty minutes of hard vicious
thrusting.



He stood looking down at her, she lay motionless, her cunt wet and sticky, her
nipple bleeding from the continues attack by his sharp teeth, but he wasn't
finished with her yet; his mind commanded she go up stairs to her bedroom, where
they would wait for Cindy.



Paul walked in to the big bedroom, threw his clothes on the floor and settled
himself on the bed, Cheri was ordered to kneel at the side of the bed and play
with her tits.

They didn't stay like that for long soon Cindy could be heard coming out of the
bathroom, though his eyes were still red and he was in command they now turned
almost blood like as Cheri called Cindy in to her room.



The young teenage beauty walked through the door with just a towel around her,
her eyes went first to her naked mother, knelt at the foot of her own bed
squeezing her own tits and pulling her nipples then she made the fatal mistake
of staring at Paul.

They made eye contact and Paul was ready, his thoughts overwhelmed the confused
girl, her young mind unable to comprehend the situation, she was unable to
resist and fell easily under Paul's control, she dropped the towel.



Paul looked at her, if he thought that the mother was sex on legs then here was
a younger version; lovely ripe firm tits with the nipple's perfectly poised on
the up turned globes, tight firm waist and ass and lovely athletic legs, the
same black mane like hair surrounded her cute fresh face and she smelt adorable,
slowly she was forced to walk towards the bed.



Controlling two was a new and untried power that Paul was not sure of, his voice
growled out to Cheri, "I will kill her if you don't do all I say, I can make her
kill herself then I will destroy you, I am still your master do you understand",
Cheri looked at Cindy, standing motionless as though dead already, she looked
back in to the red eyes and nodded.



The voices began in Cindy's head, she opened her legs he hands went between her
legs and held her cunt wide open, Cheri crawled forward, "Lick her cunt, I will
encourage the result, obey your master", his voice filled with an unearthly low
rasp, "Get on with it, your already a cocksucking fucking whore that I can fuck
at my pleasure now churchy you become a cunt licker as well".



With those words ringing in her head Cheri knelt between her daughters legs, her
head pounded to the pain of his control but she knew enough to know what he was
going to make them do, she knew enough to realise it was this or he would kill
them both and get away with it, and she knew what she had already been forced to
let him do to her, defeated and powerless to stop him her tongue flicked out and
in to the waiting open slit.



He watched as the mother sucked at her daughters cunt, pushing her tongue up
then drawing it back until it tickled around the nub under the fleshy tight
folds, then he focused his mind in to Cindy's thoughts, doing the same to her
that he had done to her mother but this time the perverted feelings were new to
the innocent girl.



As the thoughts of sex raced through her brain her body shook, her mothers
continues licking and the forced arousal from Paul started her hips thrusting
forward; Cheri's head was being pushed back, Cindy was almost sitting on it as
her hips moved, Paul made his move.



Suddenly ordered to stop, Cheri moved back, Paul got off the bed and bent
between Cindy's legs he rammed his finger up the sopping cunt breaking through
the virginal tissue then he pulled the blood soaked finger out; he sucked at it
tasting the virgin blood before ploughing it back up for more.



Five times he drank in the blood before he felt a new strange power; as he stood
he felt he could keep lifting and he did.



Paul floated about a foot off the ground; Cheri put her knuckle to her mouth
stifling a scream.

Paul's mind tuned to a new power he felt he could control both women, he
levitated over the bed staring at the two naked women, his commands flowed thick
and fast.



Cheri and Cindy crawled across the floor and on to the bed under him, he planted
thoughts in to them, thoughts of how they needed full on lesbian sex with each
other, he increased their sex drive as they mauled each other, full throat
kissing, they grabbed at each other sucking each others tits and nipples, eating
each others cunts in a frenzied sixty nine.



He floated above them, his face twisted evil as he enjoyed watching innocent
Cindy her face between her mothers legs sucking and licking at the dripping
cunt; he moved to get a better view of Cheri forcing three fingers up her
daughter freshly violated hole; his own cock throbbed, harder, thicker, full of
hot juice and he wanted it emptied.



He parted the women and descended on to the bed, immediately he had the woman
sucking and kissing his hard meat until he took Cindy.

She straddled across his cock and bounced up and down, Cheri was forced to suck
his and Cindy's nipple's, kiss and tongue both of them before having her head
between Cindy's legs licking at the wet cunt and at the cock as it fucked her
daughter.



His voice growled at the hapless Cheri, "Like watching me fill your daughters
cunt, not many mothers get to see their cute innocent girls get their first
fucking, are you watching churchy, I'm going to fill her with my juice then your
going suck my cock clean before you do something else for your master while I
make my cock messy again by fucking your little girls ass", with those words he
let himself explode in to the fresh tight cunt.



He lay on the bed, his hand clasped behind his head as he relaxed, Cindy, curled
up at his waist, sucking and playing with his cock, acting like the obedient
slave she now was, he was ordering Cheri about as she tried to put on the
nearest thing to sexy underwear she had until Paul said that will have to do;
dressed in her shortest skirt and lowest cut blouse, Cheri was ordered to go to
Lester's house and seduce his mother, she had no choice but to obey.



Paul spent the next hour amusing himself with the young pretty girl; he had her
fingering herself while sucking his cock, she fetched him a leather belt then
bent over and while she sang, Happy Birthday To Me, over and over again he beat
her ass red raw before making her hold her ass cheeks open so he could ram
himself up her.



He left her to sleep, wiping all memory of his visit, he smiled in-wouldly at
the thought of her waking to find her legs covered in cum and her ass sore
inside and out.

He moved from that house to Lester's as mist, slowly seeping under the door and
in to the room; waiting before he materialized he found what he wanted, on the
sofa sat the two mothers.



Rosalyn wasn't anywhere near as pretty as Cheri but she was elegant, most of the
women in this area were attractive, it was a very wealthy town and money
attracts the beautiful women. She sat or more half laid as Cheri kiss's forced
her body in to the sofa, that, plus Cheri's hand inside her blouse kept her
pinned back, the one thing Paul was pleased with was she wasn't fighting.



He watched the out line of Cheri's hand as it squeezed at the right firm mound,
Rosalyn's arms laid at her side, her body moved she was obviously aroused; Paul
positioned himself behind out of their line of vision and slowly materialized,
he saw Rosalyn twitch as he entered her mind.



He increased her arousal, slowly simulating her, making her wet; he watched as
she started to kiss Cheri back, her hands now moving over Cheri's body her
fingers pulling at the hem of the short skirt.

He slid his hands down the front of Rosalyn blouse, she stiffened, he looked at
Cheri, "Undo the sexy sluts blouse, lets see these tits".



Cheri undid the blouse, Paul's mind told Rosalyn to keep her hands at her side,
they lay heavy, unable to protect herself as he squeezed at the firm pert tits;
again his orders roared in to the helpless Cheri, "Get your hand up her skirt
lets have your finger up her cunt, you want your cunt fingered don't you"?
Rosalyn gave a pathetic forced, "Yes".



Paul mauled at her tits, pinching and pulling at the defenceless nipples, "Open
your legs let your friend do some finger fucking, you don't mind me watching you
girls doing naughty things to each other, go on open them, give me a look at
what's between".



He watched Cheri slid her hand up between Rosalyn's legs, the skirt rose up with
it, as his right hand pulled at the hard nipple he lent forward his left hand
slid down and pulled up the hem giving a full view of Cheri's hand now inside a
pair of black satin pants.



He watched as her fingers pushed up and in to Roslyn, his mind forcing her to
push in and out, making her go quicker and quicker, he could see the cunt juice,
slimy on Cheri's finger, he slid his hands away, " Rosalyn its your turn to get
your fingers wet".

 

Cheri moved so her skirt could be pushed up and Rosalyn could get her hand under
it, she was stroking the bare legs,  her hands moved up until they were pulling
at the crutch of those sexy pants he had see earlier.



They were both trying to undress each other; Paul's mind was working on them,
the bodies were heated with lust; he waited until they were both naked, then he
moved in to view.

Rosalyn even tried to cover herself, she didn't understand and Paul was enjoying
toying with her moving in and out of her mind, he knew he could make her do
anything he wanted but he wanted to see how far both women would go by
themselves.



Cheri knew what he would do if she stopped, she carried on pawing at Rosalyn's
body; Rosalyn was so hot, so aroused and turned on that she found herself
responding even though Paul was watching.

Cheri's fingers returned to working on the wet cunt as Rosalyn let her; their
mouths sucked noisily as their tongues pushed in to them; Paul stripped and
stood closer.



His erect cock pointed at the women, Cheri was the first to crawl over and start
to lick it, Rosalyn looked confused, Paul grinned at her, "Come on Rosalyn, come
taste some cock before it fucks you, you can't be shocked, I like women,
especial older sexy women that aren't being fucked enough by their stupid
husbands, come here I'll show you what we boys enjoy, even your sons".



He forced both naked women to kneel before him then he placed his hands on their
heads, his eyes went from red to blood red, his face contorted as he looked in
to Jims mind.

He looked through Jim's eyes to see what he saw and so could Rosalyn and Cheri.



As Paul forced his powers to their limits the three first saw Jims cock reaming
in and out of Rose Lowe's ass-hole then the head moved and Lester came in to
view, he was grinning, Rose, who was bent over taking her ass fucking was
playing with Lester's cock, kissing it tickling the head with her tongue all the
time saying, "Oh yummy master, thank you for fucking me master, you are so good,
so strong so hansom, please fuck my ass".



The three heard Jim's laughter as he conveyed thoughts to Lester, Paul was also
picking them up : She will say anything, nice to hear the prick tease telling us
the truth about us or are you going to spoil my hero worship by fucking her
mouth some more : the reply came : Going to fuck her mouth some more, we have
her all evening, I'm sure we can make her : he suddenly stopped the word : Mum :
came in to his mind, Paul took his hands from the women's heads.



Paul growled, "Enough of that, your kids are having their fun with some holes
then so will I, you", he pointed to Cheri, "On your back, legs open, you", he
turned his attention to Rosalyn, "On your knees and suck her cunt, keep your
legs open, I'm going to use your cunt and don't worry I'm going to make you want
it, in fact your both going to want it until I've had my fill of you and that
could take a long time maybe years".



With the two women at his mercy he spent the rest of the evening fucking the
both of them.

He used all his powers on forcing the women to humiliate themselves for his
enjoyment; he made them abuse each other with object he found in the bedroom or
kitchen, he made them both piss in each others mouths, wrestle naked on the bed,
the prize for the winner was to suck the piss out of his cock.



He forced them to vi for him, making them want to use their tits to excite him,
making them abuse their own bodies, seeing which one could flatter him the most,
the sight of two attractive, naked thirty two year old women being forced to
worship him was what his power was all about.



He gloated as he made them lick his ass; he especially enjoyed forcing Cheri to
wank his cock off in to Rosalyn's mouth then she had to kiss Rosalyn showing her
cum covered tongue to him. His humiliation of two pillars of the church knew no
bounds, he giggled as he watched Cheri lying on Rosalyn's sofa sucking his cock,
while playing with his balls and telling him how wonderful he was while, at the
other end of the sofa Rosalyn sat between her legs, fingering her own cunt and
Cheri's.



His favourite was to suddenly plant in their minds their overpowering love for
each other, the uncontrollable desire to pleasure each other, grinning as he
watched them writhing on the floor, rubbing their cunts furiously together as
their mouths sucked at each other lips and nipples, making one then the other
hold their tits forcing their nipples in to the others wet sucking mouth.



Continually he had them sixty nineing but as he fucked an ass he would make them
bite and chew each other's flesh, he loved the way they squealed with their
mouths stuck up each other's cunts. His newfound vigour allowed him endless
fucks until even with his power over them the two women were too exhausted to do
or take any more.



He dressed but before he left he erased all that he had done to them but he
didn't leave it there, like Cindy he wanted his last bit of fun; he left them
naked in bed, curled in to each other, their heads trapped between each others
legs in the perfect sixty nine, if he'd have had the time he would have waited
to see the reaction when they woke, but it was nearing ten and the old mill
beckoned.



Friday Night.

As his mist entered the mill he saw Rose Lowe, she was naked, lying on the floor
her legs open she had obviously been fucked; Jim and Lester were ether side and
a black shadow hung above them, he tried to contact the two boys but his
thoughts were blocked.

He materialized and stood looking at them, they pointed for him to stand at the
girl's head, he took his position; suddenly a loud buzzing sound filled his
head, it was agonizing he put his hands to his head but it wouldn't stop.



Paul stared at the two boys who were staring back, he could see the hate in
their eyes, their eyes as red as his, their power felt greater and it was
doubled, Paul started to convulse, he dropped to his knees the shadow drifted
down and the last thing Paul heard was a hollow rasping voice exploding in to
his head : You were my servant, you took a virgin, then you humiliated your new
brethren by defiling their mothers, you can not be trusted to do my bidding :
Paul's brain ceased to function and his eyes turned black.



Wednesday Morning.

The funeral was a sad day, there were a lot of people there, Jim and Lester
stood with their family as Mrs King sobbed at the side of the grave, she was
being held by two very attractive women; Lester smiled at Jim their minds
connected : I see Paul's aunties are here, : : Yes good lookers to, they will be
visiting Mrs King a lot now :  : Mrs King looks so sexy in black : Jim turned
his head to Lester : Nice sexy legs and a good body, I've always had a thing
about her, what about you : Lester coughed to cover a snigger : Be a shame for
her and her visitors to be alone when Mr King goes to work besides we owe it to
Paul to look after the HOLE of the family now he's gone :.







                                                      Pagan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





