BDSM Library - Monday Water Cooler Crowd




Monday Water Cooler Crowd
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new employee approaches a group of friends at the water cooler to see what they get up to and ends up with his hands tied between his legs.
Monday Water Cooler Crowd

Toys

bondage

F/+m

F/+f



It was monday.  I'd been working here long enough to recognise the monday water
cooler crowd.  It was time to approach them.



"Hey, Whats going down"

"G'day, mate" one of them said, turning to greet me and shake my hand "We've
seen you you know"

"Thats not hard, I'm not transparent" I said, trying to be a smartarse.  They
all laughed.  All except for one of the ladies.

"No, I mean, we've seen you looking at us, from over yer cubicle" He said

"Oh, right, well"

"We were wondering if you'd like to join our little crew?"

That was easier than I had planned, a flat out invitation to hang around with
this bunch of blokes that seemed to have a bit of influence.  Well, they were
big and wore suits.  Surely that was a start.



"Come along to 34 Flinders Lane in the city this friday, wear something nice,
and bring some confidence.  If you want to join us that is"

"What is it, some sort of gay bar or something?"  I was starting to wonder who
us what they were really into.

"Its, (he looked at his colleauges) an establishment.  Nothing gay about it"

I thought I was starting to get their drift.  Besides I didn't have anything
else to do this weekend, so going to a bordello and getting smashed sounded
great.

"okay, I'll see you there"



Walking back to my desk, they sniggered.  I hate people that snigger.

I spent the week searching for the address fruitlessly.  The yellowpages had no
listing, couldn't find anything on the web and even some of the keener
officeboys didn't know about it.  I was a little concerned, but still curious. 
what could I get into that I couldn't get out of, I'm a fit young bloke.



So friday came around, and I decided that I'd go.  I went home and went through
the monotony.  Eat, Shower, Change.  I decided to take the train, there was no
where to park in the city anyway.  I arrived in flinders lane and established my
direction, headed up counting the numbers until i came to  33.  I looked at the
next shop front, it was numbered 35.  Cursing a train ride into the city I
turned around.  The guy that talked to me at the water cooler was standing right
behind me! I jumped back quickly, surprised as his appearance.

"Settle mate.  Well, you're here.  Still want to see what we get up to?"

"Might as well"

"Pay attention" he said, moving me aside.  He pressed lightly on the 10th tile
from the ground.  It slid back and revealed a control panel for an elevator.  I
immediatley thought "this is some funky stuff!" I love technology.

He pressed the B button, and the tile below us dropped slowly into the ground
with us on it.

"Err.. " I said out loud

"Don't worry mate, We're not gonna harm ya" he said.  It didn't seem so
reassuring.



We landed, light was coming from some undetectable source, illuminating the
whole foyer.  The receptionist was one of the most gorgeous girls I've ever
seen.  He dismissed her with a wave and a door opened up on the right side of
the desk.

"Follow me, I'll show you where you can get changed before you meet the rest of
us"

"I thought what I was wearing.." he cut in

"Thats it, you are wearing"



We entered a change room.  Lockers, scents, benches, showers.  just a change
room.

"This is it? I was kind of expecting more, what with the dramatic buildup"

My sarcasm was faltering

"Oh theres more.  But for now we have to strip"

"Why?"

"Nah, can't tell you that, hey its you and me both"

I considered my options.  Have the mystery of the monday water cooler gang
hanging over me forever, or walk around in an underground mystery labyrinth
naked with a stranger

I wasn't happy.

"Alright, but this better be good"

"I hope you like it as much as I do" we began to strip

"See, you saying things like that is whats making me have second thoughts" I
joked.  I'd already established that if this guy was gay, then he wasn't after
me

"pfft" he laughed it off "cmon"

we left the change rooms and he led me thorough a maze of hallways.  I had lost
all direction and had no idea where we were, this was really starting to scare
me.

Finally we arrived in a large open space.  There were several naked people
sitting around a table, drinks were bieng had and there was polite chatter.  I
took up a seat as suggested by my host.  Most of them were from the water
cooler.



"Quiet" The voice was commanding, but not demanding.  The table dropped to
silence.  I looked at the head of the table, the source of the voice and my jaw
dropped.  It was her.  The woman who hadn't laughed when I cracked that joke on
monday.  She was wearing a corset.



"As many of you are aware, tonight we have a newcomer.  Lets treat him with the
respect he earns."  She continued "Welcome to Subspace, a meeting of those who
love to submit, and those who control them"

My mind had shot through.  subspace? what the hell? I'd expected a sex club or
something, but I wasn't expecting a BDSM exprience.  I didn't know anything of
use about BDSM, I got the feeling that I should sneak out.



"Newcomer, lets have a quick introduction if you please"

Oh bugger.. Public speaking in the nude, I was terrified

"Ah, I'm John.  I'm not sure why I'm here, but curiosity ah. um. got the better
of my, I mean me.  Can I get a beer?"

"Certainly John" she said "Melissa!"

A person appeared out of the dark corner of the room.  she was naked.  There was
a tray with beer glasses and some tinnies around her chest.  As she approached I
could see that it was held up by her large breasts.

"Here you are.. " she said, smiling "I hope you enjoy your stay!" and she
dissapeared back into the corner.

Suddenly I felt very uncomfortable.  That turned me on, in a big way and there
wasn't much to hide it in the nude.



"I see you like what we get up to here then" came the voice of the commanding
lady

"Er.. yes,"

"Yes, well we should go over a little bit.  Most of the people in the room are
submissive.  There are three dominants who control them, but generally they are
left to their own devices.  If a submissive is seen breaking one of the rules,
they are to recive special attention."



"Can I ask what the rules are?"

"Yes, the rules are: What happens here, stays here and all submissives must
orgasm at least twice an hour"



The curiosity had left me.. i was scared, naked and hard



she continued:"We have chosen you because we trust you.  "you will have the
first night to decide if you want to come back next week, sound fair?"



"Fair" I said, feeling I had nothing to loose.  They could see I was enjoying
it.



"DISMISS"



The lighting in the room changed, and the walls became visable.  There was a
arrangement of all sorts of things attached to these walls.  Whips, restraints,
masks, toys, bigger toys, buttplugs and other devices.

People started moving around the room.  Two other Misstress's arrived from out
of the dark.  They were easily distinguished, as they were wearing black leather
corsets and high heels.  I immediately felt a sense of bieng lesser.  I didn't
mind it.  I was rapidly feeling the need to do what they say, just to be happy.



The first Mistress approached me

"I hope you haven't forgoten the second rule already!"

"No I.."

"No MISTRESS!" she corrected "You have to learn.  Want me to show you your
place?"

"Err.. yes mistress" I mumbled.

"Go over to the wall, pick a toy" she instructed.  I wasn't sure what I was
doing, but I followed her instructions to avoid further embarassment.

I made my way to the wall, through the people.  The men, according to the second
rule, were variously masturbating themselves.  Many of the women had chosen the
larger toys off the wall and were busy trying desperatly to fit more of them
into their holes.  They were bieng watched by the other two mistress's

I chose one of the remaining toys, not thinking too much but reaching for the
nearest.

"Thank you.  Now drop to your knees" I followed.  Suddenly I was throw forward
between her legs and my wrists were fixed to my ankles, through my legs.  I was
completely helpless, and stuck.



"Ah.. Miss" I said

"Quiet!, Now, your place.  You will come!"  I was white.

She fixed the toy I had chosen into a harness around her waist, and began to
pour lubricant on it.  I realised I should have thought more about my
selection.. she moved behind me and began running it up and down the crack of my
ass.

"Now, I know you want this" she said, feeling my very stiff dick "but I won't
give it to you unless you ask"  Was she crazy?  I didn't want that.  I thought
about what answers I could give.

"Jessica, see if you can help him make up his mind!"

A woman hopped up off the floor, flustered from her recent orgasm, and crawled
between Misstress's legs.  I felt her warm most lips wrap around my shaft.  As
soon as she began sucking on me the decision became clearer.

"p..pplease Mistress"

"WHAT!"

"err.. put that toy in me"

"Oh say it properly, admit you want me to fuck your arse"

the sucking intensified, I felt myself wanting to cum, but wanting.. needing
something more.

"whm, Please Misstress, fuck me" I half cried.  I felt it begin, she was kind,
but persistant.  The head of the dildo slid into my arse and I realised why they
were all here.  They needed something.. more from their sex.  And so did I.

Tied as I was, there was no way to move, I couldn't fuck the mouth that was
sucking me, i was getting penetrated by a gorgeous woman, it was too much!

I came harder than I can ever remember, spasming and trying to thrust my hips
desperatly.  My mind went blank, I didn't know where i was or how i got there..
just the feeling.



As the blood flowed back into my head I realised that I had become the centre of
attention, that most of the room had stopped their attempts, just to watch me. 
the humuliation of this made me hard again almost instantly.



"You realise you have to come agian this hour" she said

I whimpered, and looked at the clock.

There was ten minates left.

And we were going to do this all night?  Sounds great




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Eric Burgess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





