BDSM Library - When Fantasies Meat




When Fantasies Meat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ken decided to take in a movie while passing through a small town. He caught up with some men who wanted a little more than a kiss and cuddle. A lot more.
M+/m, Gay, Snuff, Cannibalism, Consensual, Extreme, Torture

When Fantasies Meat
By Coumadin (co-author Firebird)

Ken was on the road when a storm came up, rain and hail lashed at the windscreen
making it impossible to see. Instead of fighting it He pulled off the highway,
found a motel and parked the car. Within half an hour of settling in his room
Ken was bored. No TV or radio made for a very boring night. He put on his coat
and decided to go into town.

It wasn't a very big town, and the motel clerk gave him directions to a
restaurant. Somehow he made a wrong turn and came across a seedy looking
theatre. Ken scanned the movie posters, all gay shows. He checked his watch and
saw that a combination gay and bdsm film had started five minutes ago.

Ken thought about walking away. He was hungry but he also wanted to see the
movie. After a few seconds of considering his options, Ken paid for a ticket,
brought a large box of popcorn and entered the theatre.

The theatre wasn't big at all. Some of the seats were broken and ripped in
places. Popcorn from previous sessions covered the floor. Ken noted that the
previews for other movies flickered on the big screen. Apart from a half a dozen
people, it was fairly empty. He located a quiet seat to himself and tried to
relax.

After a few minutes the movie started, and it started in a big way. Within
thirty seconds of the open title two guys had ripped each others clothes off and
were fucking like rabbits. Ken smiled. His cock tingled and started it's slow
procedure of becoming erect.

Ken actually preferred women. But in the back of his mind he wondered if he
could actually be taken like a submissive woman and fucked by guys. This thought
alone made him very horny. At 54 he was in good shape. No longer a six pack, his
belly was more like a keg. But who didn't have a pot belly these days.

Ken heard a whisper a few rows behind him. He looked back and saw two guys
checking him out. Ken just looked back at the screen. He has lost the plot of
the movie. The previous two guys were now being fucked by a big black dude. He
cock was huge. This was causing some of the screams and loud moaning from the
two white guys.

Ken wondered what it would be like to be one of the white guys. He had always
felt strong and dominant all his life, but over the last couple of years he had
a huge longing desire to be submissive. He wanted to be taken, used and abused.
He wanted someone to simply come up to him and demand to have sadistic sex.

Ken took a deep breath and slowly blew it out. He knew it would never happen.
That's when he felt a presence beside him. He looked up. It was the two men from
behind him.

"Want a fuck?" said one of them dryly.

Ken wanted to say, 'What?! No kiss or cuddle first.' He immediately scolded his
quick wit. However before he could answer he heard a very loud voice from the
far side of the theatre.

"LEAVE HIM THE FUCK ALONE!"

All three of them looked over at the source. There were a trio of men slowly
standing up. One white, one black and one oriental. He could see the oriental
one had his cock hanging out. Ken felt like he was in the middle of what could
quickly become a major battle. Without thinking Ken slowly shrunk down in his
chair becoming less obvious.

The two men beside him swore under their breath and moved quickly up the aisle.
Ken watched them go. He looked back over to the trio and saw they were all
looking at him. He gulped and considered his next move. What did animals do when
nervous. They pissed. Good thinking he thought. He got up and went to the exit
while keeping an eye on the trio. He made it out the door and immediately went
to the bathroom. The two men were no where to be seen.

Ken ripped down his fly, fumbled out his cock and tried to calm his body down so
he could piss. Breathing slowly he started to relax. But that ceased as soon as
he heard the door to the bathroom open and close. The three men filed into the
room and stood less than two metres away. Ken watched all this through the big
mirror in front of him. He could see them and they could certainly him.

Cornered like a rat and feeling a little exposed, Ken felt a warm rush though
his body. He decided to let his submissive nature kick in. He wondered if this
wasn't fate after all. He undid his belt and let his pants drop to the floor. He
pulled down his underwear and slowly turned around to the trio.

"Hiya fellas." said Ken, with his cock pointing at them like a gun.

The trio simply looked at him. Then the black guy, who seemed to be the leader,
stepped forward. He smiled meekly at Ken but Ken couldn't tell if it was real or
fake. The man nodded at his crotch.

"Nice balls."

Ken smiled. "Thanks."

"Have they ever been whipped?"

Ken shook his head.

"Want them to be?"

Ken knew this was decision time. He could pull his pants up and walk away and
that would be the end of it. Or he could answer the man's question and see what
happens next. Ken took his penis in his hand and started to stroke it.

"What are you guys going to do if I let you have me?" he asked.

The black man laughed and turned his head back to his friends. They smiled.

"We'll do whatever we fucking like with you, boy."

Ken felt a pleasant shiver go down his spine. He enjoyed the feeling. But
another thought occured. He felt like he was still in control. He was leading
the conversation. This was not what he wanted. Ken reached down and pulled up
both his underwear and pants. He walked up to the black man and stared him in
the eyes.

"If you have to ask if I want a fuck, then you're a fucking moron!"

Ken knew it wasn't the best words he could use but hey, he didn't think the trio
had the guts to do what he wanted. He started to walk pass the black man when a
hand caught his shoulder. Ken turned his head and was struck across the jaw by a
fist. Ken went down to the ground. He shook his head but before he could recover
got two good kicks to the gut. Groaning Ken felt fingers grabbing his hair to
make him look up.

"How about you and us go out somewhere quiet. There'll be some whipping of your
balls, a lot of fucking your little white ass and other stuff. And hey, if we're
feeling generous, we might even let you live. But we like eating white folk like
you for lunch so somehow I don't think you'll be alive by tomorrow night."

The black man then forced Ken's mouth open and dribble some spit in. Ken
swallowed it.

"I'm looking forward to it." he hissed. Despite the black man's strong grip, Ken
even forced a smile.

"No mercy." said the white guy.
"No mercy." said the oriential guy.
"No mercy." said the black guy.

"No mercy." responded Ken to all three.

The black man laughed and the trio picked Ken up. Ken was slung over the
oriental's shoulder and taken out to a ute. Ken was thrown into the back. His
gut still hurt but he said nothing.

"Where are you staying?" asked the white guy.

"Paradise Motel. My Honda is in parked in front." said Ken.

The white guy went to the motel. He dropped two hundred bucks in the owner's
hand for the room key. Within a few minutes Ken heard his Honda pulling up
beside the ute.

"Got everything?" called the oriental.

"Yep, bags, clothes, car, the lot."

The black and oriental men drove the ute, with Ken in the back. The white guy
drove Ken's car. Ken took stock of his situation. He was about to be brutally
fucked, whipped, tortured by a trio of men and probably eaten. Funny enough, he
wasn't worried. Even the idea of cannibalism didn't phase him. I'm finally a
real submissive he thought.

Ken banged his head for the seventh or eighth time on the bottom in the back of
the ute. The night was completely dark, no moon anywhere. The Honda and the ute
were the only light source for miles around. The smell of grass and manure
invaded Ken's senses. For close to an hour they drove. The men in the ute talked
and laughed. Ken wasn't involved in the conversation. But he was a submissive
now, he had no right to involve himself in his masters business.

Finally the ute pulled up to a halt. The low rumbling sound of the engine died
away and was replaced by two loud bangs as the men closed their doors. Ken was
pulled out of the ute and walked along with his new masters to a campsite. The
black man held his shoulder and Ken knew he was very strong. His grip could hold
down a birthing cow, it would certainly be enough to hold him in place.

Finally after walking for ten minutes the four men arrived at the campsite. A
large home-built cabin was losing a battle between the local animals and the
bushes trying to overtake it. The white man kicked the door open and Ken was
forced in through the door. Ken walked in and immediately shoved his arms
forward before he fell onto his face. The floor was a half foot lower than the
outside. With dust on his face Ken swore. The trio just laughed.

One of them men flicked a light-switch and Ken moaned as the bright light hurt
his eyes. It took him a few seconds to blink away the pain. When he could see he
quickly knew he was in the right place. Decorating the walls were various
magazine pictures of men in distress. A few women were in peril but Ken ignored
those. That's when it hit home, Ken was theirs. No one would come looking for
him. He was alone, out-numbered and theirs.

A combination of fear and warmth engulfed Ken as he looked around. The oriental
man lit a fire which was situated in the middle of the room. Over it was a large
bucket. The water within the bucket started to warm up. The oriential man also
pushed some branding irons into the fire to heat up.

The black man signalled to Ken. Ken walked over to him.

"Remove all your clothes."

Ken blinked at the order but quickly recovered. He took off his coat, trousers
and shirt. Within a minute he stood before the men in all his glory. His cock
was hard and sticking outwards. The men devoured his very sight. Even though the
air was cool, Ken felt very warm. Over the space of the next half an hour he was
told to move into different positions. Sometimes lying on his belly on the floor
and spreading his asscheeks. Other times he was told to stroke his cock, but not
to cum.

Finally the water was boiling. The oriental man took a cutthroat from his
bedside table. Using the hot water to wet down Ken's skin he proceeded to remove
all his body hair. After forty minutes Ken was completely bare apart from the
hair on his head. The cool air tickled Ken's skin as the water cooled down.

All the while Ken was being shaved he imagined various images of what would soon
be happening to him. Throughout his life he had always enjoyed fantasies of
sadism on women. He never truly enjoyed the pictures of purple breasts, bloodied
body parts, etc. Even though he enjoyed whip marks, branding and eventually
cooking them alive. While his time with the men would be short and sweet, Ken
knew his death would be both horrifying and painful. But he was going to serve
his masters no matter what they did to him. He wanted to please them, nothing
else mattered.

When Ken was cleaned of his body hair he suggested he helped his masters to
relax. They agreed. He helped the trio strip from their clothes. The fire had
warmed the cabin considerably. Ken kissed them on the cheek, thanked them for
bringing him here and being so lustful towards him. He knew he would not enjoy
the actual physical acts ahead of him, but they deserved the pleasure he was
about to give them. It was what he was for, it was his fate. Each man watched
and lightly masturbated as they got their turns.

Ken did them one at a time, starting at their feet. He first massaged, then
lightly licked and sucked on their toes, gently swirling his tongue around them.
Then he proceeded up their bodies, massaging and lightly kissing. He took their
balls in his mouth, breathed hot air on them and sucked. He licked up and down
their shafts, again swirling his tongue around the knobs.  They turned over, he
massaged and kissed their backs, buttocks and legs. He ran is tongue gently up
and down their bum cracks, penetrating deeper each time. When his tip reached
the anus he licked aggressively and sucked, stimulating them, making them
wiggle. They turned back over, pushing their cocks in his mouth, feeding him
their seed.

When they settled down, they tied him in a makeshift rack. His head was
supported but bent back slightly, this way they could have use of his tongue for
more rim jobs and any other licking they wanted. For some reason they also put a
pail under his head. His bum was raised so that it was actually higher than his
head. This allowed for access, both for whipping and anal sex. His legs were
spread wide and knees bent allowing access to the tops and bottoms of his feet.
They did not gag him, they wanted to hear his moans and pleas. Once again they
ran their hands over him, talking more and more about eating him. they began to
lick him all over then bite him. They bit hard. Ken screamed. They then sat back
and admired their sub.

The trio relaxed with some beers and openingly talked about his impending death.
They all agreed it should be slow and painful. They each opened up a box,
containing small, nasty, little clothes pins. They placed them all over his
body, around and on his nipples, all over his back and the sides of his feet.
They took out full size clothes pins and placed them on his toes and fingers.
They hurt, They hurt a lot. Ken moaned in pain.

"Wait till we start taking them off." the oriental said, laughing and full of
nothing but a desire to cause pain. They tied a leather harness around his penis
knob and pulled until they almost ripped his penis off. They secured the leather
strip to a hook in the wall making his penis a perfect target for whipping. They
took turns whipping his cock. Quickly it turned purple and extremely sensitive.
Ken cried for mercy but received none.

Then came the wax. The white and oriental man held candles over his body and
poured wax onto him. They stung at first and then sizzled to burn the skin. When
the wax cooled the men took turns to whip it off Ken's aching body.
Concentrating on the bum, penis and feet.

They screwed him hard and without mercy. Ken's asshole was about the size of a
50cent piece. Ken snorted and yelled for relief but this only urged the men on.
All the while they kept drinking their beer.

Soon Ken found out what the pail was for. They shoved their cocks down his
throat and pissed. The pail caught the over flow. Ken gagged on their cocks a
couple of times but the men forced him to swallow their urine. Then came the
branding irons. The men wrapped rags around their hands to avoid being burnt.
Ken wasn't so lucky. They tapped his body all over with the tips of the red hot
irons. Ken screamed again and again. When he was covered in blisters the black
man subjected Ken's asshole and balls to the irons. Ken pleaded for mercy, but
got none. He smelt the sizzle of burnt flesh as it wafted over them.

Finally exhausted then men poured the pail of urine over Ken. The urine burned
and stung Ken's tortured body. The men left Ken stretched fully on the rack
while they went to bed. For the next eight hours Ken didn't sleep, he couldn't.
The pain and aching was keeping him conscious.

Daylight broke through the window and after another hour the men finally got up.
They had a shower and left Ken on the rack while they were busy outside. Another
hour later they came in and untied Ken. Ken took a few minutes before he could
fully feel his legs enough to walk.

Ken was taken outside and made to sit on a rough tree log. He was given some
herbs and told to eat them. He did as he was ordered. Within ten minutes Ken was
throwing up and shitting on the log. He had been ordered to stay sitting there
and despite the pain and cramps, that's what he did.

Half an hour later Ken had finished purging himself. He felt completely and
utter cleaned out. Ken was washed down with a bucket of water. It was freezing
but he followed his orders to stay where he was.

Finally the time had arrived. Ken's hands and ankles were secured together. The
black man easily lifted him over his shoulder. After walking a few meters Ken
saw where they were heading. He could see a large steel tank of cold water. The
white man had set a fire underneath it. Ken was dropped into the tank. With his
hands and ankles tied he could do nothing but sit in the water and wait.
Thankfully the water didn't take long to heat up. However as it slowly got
hotter and hotter Ken was squirming and finally begged to be let out.

He got his wish. Ken was pulled out. He realised the tank was only to clean him
of any muck and sterilize his body. He was carried to a large wooden table. Ken
was rolled onto his side and the men took turns in shoving fistful size amounts
of stuffing into his anus. Tears streamed down Ken's hot cheeks as more and more
stuffing was jammed into his rear. Once done the men using a large needle and
twine to sew his ass cheeks together. Ken was held down by the black and
oriental men while the white guy completed the sewing. Ken's cock never lost
it's erection once.

Finally they were finished. Ken was placed onto a large metal grill with hot
coals underneath. Ken was hogtied and could barely move. He quickly was in agony
but so wanted to please his masters. Ken felt something cool on his back and saw
he was being basted. For the next four hours Ken slowly cooked within his own
body. Every ten minutes or so he was basted and turned over. He screamed,
pleaded and cried for mercy. But he wasn't about to get any.

When Ken could see though his tears he saw the men stroking their cocks. They
were enjoying his pain. His horrifying pain. When Ken was near death he felt the
men lift him off the grill and over to the table. The cool wood was a blessing.
Ken's body was burnt and would never fully recover. But the mens intention
wasn't to save anything apart from their lunch over cooking itself.

Ken felt his ropes being cut. He allowed the men to lie him on his back spread
eagle. They then held him down while the black man gutted him. Ken groaned as a
knife was thrust into his chest. It ripped through his torso down to his pubic
bone. Vital organs poured their contents and blood out into the cavity while the
black man removed his intestines. Ken felt every single organ being removed and
was helpless to stop it.

Ken took one final breath and screamed. It was his last. He closed his eyes
satisfied that he had done his duty to his masters. In the final moments before
he departed he contented himself on his masters eating his corpse. The trio
enjoyed their meal and threw the leftovers to the dogs.

Sitting around drinking moonshine and wine while rubbing their fat bellies, the
trio agreed the meat was the tenderest they had ever eaten. With a couple of
huge burps the men cleaned up the area, dumped the Honda into the lake and went
home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird Coumadin(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





