BDSM Library - Bruce and Sarah




Bruce and Sarah
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As a result a twice getting caught burgling the home of a wrestler, Sarah gets punished and taken in as a servant to pay for breaking a valuable vase.
Bruce and Sarah

Synopsis

As a result a twice getting caught burgling the home of a wrestler, Sarah gets
punished and taken in as a servant to pay for breaking a valuable vase.



Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC Rape

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this story
file-now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2003




Bruce and Sarah

by obohobo

Chapter 1 The Burglar

"Clink." The almost inaudible sound woke Bruce. He listened in the darkness.
Light footsteps. Moving toward the studio. A door quietly opened. "Burglars."

Silently he rose from the bed without bothering to cover his naked frame and
crept to the already half open door. Peering through the gap he saw the glimmers
from a flashlight being used in the opposite room. There only seemed to be one.
Listening intently, he heard the gentle hiss of drawers being slowly opened.
"Still sounds as if there is only one of them," thought Bruce. Stealthily he
went to the bedroom window and peered at the road bathed in the orange glow of
the street lamps. No getaway car. Only a deserted street with a cat leisurely
crossing.

Returning to the door he opened it an inch or two more. Soft sounds still
emanated from the studio. Creeping and listening he made his way to the room. In
the weak light torchlight reflections he saw a small figure bent over his desk
rifling through some pots on the desk top. One contained a few coins. The
contents were removed to a bag. Bruce decided to risk a confrontation and
swiftly switched the light on.

"Fuck!" The voice was female, "Thought you were away." Bruce found himself
staring at the horrified face of a youngish girl. She stared, frozen at the
sight of the huge, naked man blocking the doorway. Chills ran down her spine.
How could she get away? Momentarily, she was too petrified to do anything,
suddenly her adrenaline kicked in. Turning on him she screamed, "Get out of the
way bastard! If you so much as touch me I'll sue you for assault! I'll have my
brief take you to the cleaners."

"Ha, ha, ha. What have we here then?" Bruce laughed at her without moving from
his position. "You ready to try and escape?"

"I'll scream 'rape' and they'll put you away for years." Eying the semi-flaccid
large cock hanging at the top of his legs she added, "I'll get away with it too
seeing how you are dressed. Now move. Get out of the way."

"No way. Not until I get all my stuff and have you ready to go to the police
station. Now are you going to call it a day - or rather a night and come
quietly?"

"No! Fuck off!"

Bruce moved to one side of the door and nearer to the thief. As he moved one
way, she moved the other. The doorway was clear. A quick dash and she would be
through and away. Or so she thought. Little did she know Bruce was an amateur
wrestler. He had given her the opportunity to run knowing she would never get
through. As she ran for freedom his foot tripped her and before she knew what
was happening her face was lying flat down on the carpet. She felt herself being
lifted and held face down horizontally across his chest. Held baby-like in his
strong arms.

"Put me down bastard!" Despite her struggles she was unable to free herself.

"Ha, ha, ha. What have we here now. Still want to sue me for assault? Well in
for a penny, in for a pound." Tossing the girl in the air just as fond parents
do a young child, the girl found herself heading for the ceiling and then being
caught again. Fortunately the old Georgian house built in the 1830's on the
outskirts of London had high ceilings. Five times he threw and caught the small
framed girl. Each time he laughed good humouredly at her predicament. The more
he laughed the angrier the girl became but she couldn't do anything to vent it
on him. Up she went yet again but this time he caught her under the armpits,
chucked her over one shoulder and carted her into the bedroom.

"Well let's see who we have here." Bruce unbuttoned the toggles on the girl's
hooded duffle coat. Thinking he might really rape her, she started struggling
again and verbally aimed as many insults at him as she could think of. It didn't
make very much difference. Bruce removed the coat as easily as a father would
remove it from a child in a tantrum. Still he continued to laugh and poke fun at
her.

Looking at the small, childlike girl lying face up on the bed he realised she
was older than her size indicated. Even in her Tee shirt and jeans he could see
she was well developed. However he didn't have long to contemplate. A booted
foot headed for his groin. Fortunately his wrestling training promoted a fast
reaction and the boot spent itself harmlessly hitting air. He caught the foot,
spun the girl over and planted two very heavy slaps on her arse, causing her to
cry out in pain.

Flipping her on to her back again he smiled as he said, "If you want to try
those tricks, expect to receive more punishment. What's your name?"

Sullenly the girl looked at him but kept her mouth shut.

"I asked a question." There was more menace in his tone this time.

Thweet! A gob of spit hit his face.

"So that's the way you want it girlie. Let's see what happens when your arse is
warmer." His voice lost it's good humour. Before she could react she found
herself draped over his thighs, with her jeans covered arse well exposed.

"Whop! Whop!" Bruce's hard hand fell with considerable force on the girl's rear.

"Stop! Stop! I'm Sarah Jacobson."

"Well Sarah Jacobson I'm Bruce Masterton and I think perhaps a good hiding might
be more beneficial than calling the police so I am going to give you what I
think you deserve. Sarah wriggled on his lap but his left hand held her firmly
while his right continued its painful collision courses with the seat of her
pants. Her wriggling had another effect though and one which she could feel
through even her clothing. Bruce had a growing erection. He tried to ignore it.
If she did complain to the authorities they might look favourably on him giving
her a hiding but not to rape. She however, could not ignore it. But the pain
overcame any other thoughts and soon she broke down into a crying, hysterical,
pleading bundle of humanity.

Bruce stopped. Gently he picked Sarah off his lap and sat her on the bed
alongside him. Through the tears streaming from her eyes she could see his cock.
It stood proudly, large and hard. Larger than any she had seen or had before.
Bruce reached into the drawer of a bedside cabinet, pulled out a handkerchief
and dried her eyes. He held her close and, while she was still wracked with
sobs, said and did nothing.

"What are you going to do with me?" Sarah asked when the crying had ceased. Then
added, "bastard," as an act of defiance.

"Nothing. You are free to go when you are ready." The statement surprised Sarah
but she wasn't about to hang around for him to change his mind. Jumping up and
then wincing as the muscles in her buttocks cried out with the pain from the
smacking, she gathered up her coat on fled from the room. Seconds later Bruce
heard the outer door lock click as she departed into the night.




Chapter 2. A Second Attempt

Three nights later Bruce was again awakened this time by an alarm. Rushing to
the studio he blocked the doorway preventing Sarah's escape.

"I guess I didn't punish you enough the other night." Sarah glared and swore at
him trying to buy time enough to get away.

"You won't do it again, you fucking bastard!" Bruce kept his position by the
door, Sarah walked warily around the room. On the mantle over the disused
Victorian fireplace stood a vase about twelve inches high decorated with Chinese
motifs. It was above her head height but in one swift movement she grabbed and
threw it at his head. It missed but shattered against the wall.

For a split second time seemed to stand still. Both seemed horrified by the
sound of shattering china. In a low voice, full of anger and menace Bruce
growled, "You'll pay for that little bitch. That vase was very valuable. More
than that it had great sentimental value. My great grandmother's father brought
it back from china on one of the tea clipper ships and it has been handed down
to family ever since." Sarah darted to one side of the room in a false move to
fool him and then back again. The ruse didn't work. A large hand caught her arm
and as on the previous occasion she was effortlessly picked up and held.

"It had better be the police this time. At least with you in custody I might get
the insurance on the vase but that won't bring it back."

Dumping her on the bed he picked up the receiver and stood by the door. He
dialed 999.

"Which service do you want?"

"Police please."

"Your name Sir?"

"Bruce Masterton."

"Phone number."

"020 6712 432"

"And you post code Sir?" Bruce gave it.

"How can I help you?"

"I wish to report an intruder in my house."

"Click."

Sarah, panic stricken, pressed the button on the phone base to break the
connection. "No, please don't phone the police. I didn't take anything and I am
sorry for throwing the vase."

"You didn't take anything only because I put a pressure alarm under the money
pot. So why shouldn't I hand you over to the police."

With her head down Sarah whispered. "I will go to prison this time."

"You been in trouble before?" Sarah nodded. "Often?" Again Sarah nodded. "Tell
me."

"Why should I?" Some of the defiance Sarah had exhibited on their earlier
meeting came back. Bruce lifted the receiver again. "Okay. Okay, I'll tell you."
Sarah related how she had been in trouble for burglary, mugging and petty crime
since she was twelve. She actually did quite well from her activities but had
been caught on a number of occasions. The latest was a couple of months ago for
which she had been given six months probation.

"I was eighteen yesterday, so I am no longer legally a juvenile and with my
previous record they will send me to an adult prison."

"Why did you decide to come back here after so short a time?"

"Getting in through the laundry room was fairly easy, and I knew where the money
was and I thought you wouldn't expect the same thing to happen again so soon."

"You're right there I didn't ever expect to see you again especially after the
spanking." Some of Bruce's natural good humour returned and he laughed. "So do
you expect me to give you the same punishment again?"

"Better that than prison."

"Maybe not. It's obvious the last time wasn't sufficient. How should I punish
you this time?" Sarah didn't answer. "On your bare arse perhaps?" Bruce went on.

"If you say so."

"Trouble is this." Bruce indicated his already hard cock. "I was very tempted to
pull your jeans down the other night. I doubt if I could resist the temptation
if your cunt is naked and exposed in front of me. How would you feel about that?
And there is the question of how you pay for the vase. If I don't go to the
police I don't get the insurance so you must pay for it." Bruce paused, then
asked, "Do you still want to take my punishment or shall I phone?"

Sarah looked at the hard prick again. She was by no means a virgin but could she
take one that size. She guessed she could if she was worked up enough but would
he take the time? After all babies came out there and they were bigger than
that. But women went through a lot of pain giving birth. Would it hurt as much?
It was some minutes before she answered. "Is there no alternative? That broom
stick will kill me."

"No, it won't. I've had tight cunts before and I'm not going to tie you down and
rape you but I know that I may well be so stimulated that I will find it
difficult to control my actions. It will be better for you to try and
accommodate me willingly than for me to force my way in. Remember, your arse
will be sore as well."

"Okay bastard let me get this right. You are going to spank me and fuck me and
afterwards I am free."

"No, the insurance value on the vase is ?4,500. We would have to find a way for
you to pay that off. Perhaps by installments."

"Right then, let's get it over with so I can go home. That's if I still have a
home to go to." Sarah didn't elaborate but started to take her duffle coat off.
The phone rang.

"Bruce Masterton."

"Mr. Masterton. You phoned earlier but was cut off. Is everything okay."

"Sorry about that. Thought I heard a noise in the other room which I thought
might be the intruder but it was only a cat that had got in through the open
window. It must have been what smashed a vase that woke me. Have just managed to
get it out of the house."

"You shouldn't leave windows open at night Sir."

"I didn't think I had. Had it ajar this afternoon so perhaps the wind caught
it."

"Well if you are sure Sir."

"Yes, thank you. I heard the noise and panicked."

"Better to be safe than sorry Sir. Good night."

"Let me do it," offered Bruce when Sarah started to remove her coat again.
Although she rightly guessed it was just so he could feel her body as he peeled
the clothes off, Sarah thought it best to humour him. He might go easier on her
if she kept him in a good mood. Bruce took full advantage of the situation to
play with her breasts fondle her body. For her part, Sarah felt moisture flowing
in her vagina from the stimulation. She was amazed at how gentle he could be
with his undoubted strength. Had her anger at being caught a second time not
kept surfacing, she might have enjoyed it more.

Bruce was quite surprised to notice her bum was still rather red from his
previous attention. "Well," he thought, "it is going to be a lot redder when I
have done today." To her he said, "I see you still have the marks from your
previous visit. I wonder how just how long today's will show."

"Fuck you! Bastard!" Sarah spat what seemed to be her favourite words at him.
"You're enjoying this."

"More than you will, Sarah, that's for sure."

Almost without warning Sarah felt herself being lifted and laid across Bruce's
lap. For his comfort and some stimulation he placed his cock between her thighs.
Sarah felt it and involuntarily closed her legs, trapping his manhood tightly
between them. She thought she had some idea of what to expect but was totally
unprepared for the pain that followed the first strike from his large hard hands
to her bare flesh. "Ooowwwwhhh!" she cried out, "Not so hard, I can't take it.
You'll kill me."

"No, I won't kill you but you will be very sore and you will remember this for a
long time. That is the whole idea." With that he proceeded to slap the already
reddening bottom with steady hard strokes. Sarah screamed, wriggled and squirmed
but to no avail. She tried kicking but without her shoes it was ineffective.
Bruce's left hand easily held her firm. Neither of them counted the smacks but
it was a considerable number. Her yelling had at first increased in volume with
the number of slaps but now had levelled to a steady wail. Bruce realised any
more would have little effect.

Lifting her from his lap Bruce laid her carefully face up on his bed but even
the weight of her own body on her arse was too much and she screamed out with
the pain. Bruce knew he would either have to forcibly restrain her or forgo the
fuck. He didn't want either.

Picking her up again he turned her face down and lay on the bed alongside the
sobbing girl. The chill night air seemed to hit him then and he pulled the
bedclothes back over them both. Again Sarah cried out but accepted he was trying
to help. "If you lay close alongside me, then most of the weight of the blankets
will be on me," Bruce whispered to her. "I'll postpone the fuck for a while."

"Just let me go home, you fucking bastard."

"If you still have a home to go to, you said earlier. And no, you are not going
home yet. You're not in any fit state to go anywhere and we have the other debt
payments to work out. Just lie still. I won't hurt you any more unless you force
me to." Sarah felt an arm around her and pull her body close to his.

"You're just a bloody pervert!"

"You could be in a police cell awaiting trial."

"I wouldn't be as fucking sore, that's for sure."

"And you wouldn't be lying naked against an equally naked man," laughed Bruce.

For a while they lay side by side both awake and thinking their own thoughts.
Bruce dropped off to sleep and was quietly snoring. Sarah was too sore to sleep.
Part of her wanted to escape but could not think of a way of getting out of the
bed without disturbing the man alongside. Another part wanted to stay in the
comforting embrace of the man; the man who had punished her so severely.

An hour later she was still awake. "I need to piss," she thought, "perhaps I can
use that as an excuse to get out of bed and escape." The arm underneath her
chest was causing her some discomfort too but was no longer clasping her around
the back. Slowly she eased herself up. At every slight movement she waited and
listened to hear if Bruce awoke. Each movement caused her arse to complain but
she kept quiet. Luckily the bed was not against a wall so was accessible from
her side. Her feet touched the floor and she went to free her body from the
blankets and tried to stand. Pain shot to her brain and she could not suppress a
cry. Bruce woke and switched on the light.

"I need to pee."

"Bathroom is second door on the right." Sarah tried to walk but her legs almost
collapsed. Quickly Bruce came to her aid. Picking her up her carried her to the
bathroom. This was as spacious as the other rooms in the old house. It had a
full size enameled cast iron bath of unknown vintage, a separate modern shower
unit, wash basin and toilet. All reasonably but not spotlessly clean.

"Put your arms around my neck and I will hold you so you don't have to sit on
the seat." At first Sarah couldn't believe what she had heard. Was he going to
stay in the room while she pissed? Surely not. But then she saw the sense in
what he said and allowed herself to be held. Once more she felt his prick
against her body and wondered if he would really fuck her. Again she was torn
between the desire to get away and to stay in security of his arms.

When she finished he stood her on the floor and directed his cock at the bowl.
Sarah felt compelled to watch the forceful stream. A few shakes and he finished.
"Women can't shake themselves dry you know. We have to wipe," Sarah commented.

The paper was on the other side of the pan to her. Bruce snapped a piece and
pressed it to her cunt. "Better?" he enquired. She nodded. "Now let's look at
your arse and see what we can do to relieve some of the pain." In the full
length mirror they both looked at the highly coloured red and purple area. She
winced when he touched it even very gently. "I think a soak in the bath would
help."

"I can't sit on it."

"No, but you can kneel and the warm water with some Radox in should help relax
the muscles a little." Bruce ran the water and when ready lifted her in. After
the initial shock of kneeling she did indeed find the water soothing. Bruce
started washing her face and hair. It was a man's soap and shampoo but she
didn't care or comment. The dirt from her crying was washed away. Moving
downward, Bruce washed her full little breasts, massaging them until the nipples
were erect.

"You really are a fucking bloody pervert," Sarah reiterated.

"In a way I guess I am but from the state of your nips it looks as if you are
too. But yes, I am enjoying having you here and toying with your body. There's
lots of things I would like to do with you besides having a good screw." He bent
down and started sucking a nipple and then tried to take more and more of her
breast into his mouth. It didn't hurt so Sarah decided to let him continue and
gradually felt herself becoming excited.

To wash the lower half of her body he helped her stand and spread her legs while
he attended to the pubic area. Again the wash was more of a massage than
necessary and he finished by tonguing her slit and sucking her clit. No man had
treated her like this. In her limited experience all they wanted was to get
their cocks in, bang, bang and clear off. She was nearing an orgasm when he
tried to pull away. Grabbing his ears she pulled him close, "No you don't! Keep
sucking. Don't stop yet." Bruce obeyed until her climax came.

"You liked that. You can do the same for me later." She knew what he meant but
wasn't sure about doing it. Turning her he sponged the sore arse, helped her
from the water and dried her on a fluffy towel. From the bathroom cabinet he
took a tube of salve he'd used on pulled muscles and some Ibuprofen tablets.
Sarah took two of the tablets and allowed him to apply the salve. Each time he
touched her bottom pain shot through her body but she knew he was trying to be
careful and the bath did seem to have had some effect. Perhaps the pills would
kick in soon.

Returning to the bed, they once more lay side by side and eventually both had a
little sleep.




Chapter 3 A new job?

Sun streamed through the curtains before either of them woke. It was unusual for
Bruce to be in bed this late but as he said to Sarah when she stirred, it was
not usual for him to bath a girl at 3.30 in the morning. Sarah's arse was still
very tender. She wouldn't want to sit for the rest of the day. "You need to
pee?" Bruce asked. Sarah nodded. "Let's see how well you can walk." She could
but groaned with the pain. Bruce carried her and held her over the pan as he had
earlier. This time Sarah pooped even though she tried not to. Bruce didn't seem
to worry. When she finished he wiped the area and gave her arse a kiss. He then
sat on the seat and took a shit himself.

Finding a new toothbrush for Sarah, they both cleaned teeth and washed faces
before Bruce carried her back to the bed. He laid her face up but her bottom
still said no to that position. "Okay, we'll have to postpone the next part of
our agreement for a little longer. Still it's time my cock had some satisfaction
from you." Bruce lay face up on the bed and positioned Sarah on top of him in
the traditional sixty-nine position. Her face was right alongside his hard
prick. She knew what he wanted but was reluctant to oblige. Only after her legs
were parted and his tongue started to stimulate her sexually did she attempt to
satisfy him. At first she only sucked the very end but finding it not unpleasant
gradually allowed it further into her mouth.

"Massage the shaft with your hands as well Sarah." Sarah gripped the base of his
cock in her tiny hands and rubbed up and down the rigid shaft. Meanwhile, Bruce
was tormenting her clit with his tongue until she was almost ready to cum again.
In her mouth, Bruce's cock had started to twitch and she guessed he was near to
cumming as well. Should she remove her mouth? In a bit perhaps. By then it was
too late. Jets of sperm flew from the cock eye to the back of her throat. Some
found its way down. Not much taste to it really she thought and swallowed the
rest then concentrated on rubbing her cunt on his mouth until she too climaxed.
Picking Sarah up Bruce kissed her forcibly on the lips. He could taste his own
spending but didn't mind. Perhaps she could taste her juices on his lips.

"Thanks Sarah. That was great."

Hearing a car pull up outside Bruce peered out of the window and saw a
policewoman emerge. "Get under the bed, and stay there." Bruce instructed Sarah.
He put on a dressing gown and answered the door.

"Good morning Sir, I'm detective sergeant Elaine Willis. I was asked to check if
everything was really alright after your phone call last night and perhaps
advise you on measures to prevent intruders getting in, even if they are only
cats." She gave a little laugh. Bruce invited her in and on being asked, showed
her the open window and the smashed vase. It puzzled the sergeant.

"Are you sure it was a cat Sir?"

"Well I found one in the house so assumed it was."

"I think it might have come in after the intruder had entered. I can't see a cat
knocking the vase from the mantle as far as the door. This has the hallmarks of
a series of burglaries we've had lately. We suspect a young girl but haven't
been able to catch or pin anything on her. Would you mind showing me around the
house so I can check other windows and see if perhaps you notice anything else
missing from other rooms." Bruce wanted to seem co-operative so agreed.

He gave her the house tour until they came to the bedroom. At the foot of the
bed half hidden by the bedclothes, the policewoman spotted a small ladies shoe.
When she picked it up, Bruce knew he couldn't hide the fact he had seen the
girl. Peering under the bed he caught hold of Sarah's feet and slowly dragged
her squealing out into the open. When halfway out he paused so that Elaine could
get a good view of her sore arse.

"This is the cat."

"You did this to her? You know you could end up in prison on assault charges?"

"Only if she presses charges and she won't if I say nothing about the
burglaries."

"I shall have to report it."

"Why? Had you come and taken her away last night you would have had to go
through all the formalities and charges and the court procedure. Then we would
have to pay to keep her in prison. This way the punishment was simple and
probably just as effective."

"Do you want to press charges Sarah?" Sarah, now wrapped in a blanket, shook her
head.

"I would still like to take her down to the station and question her about
previous burglaries."

"You have already done that and found out nothing."

"We would like to know how she gets rid of the jewellery. We think the same
fence is involved with other criminals."

"Well I don't think she is in a fit condition to go anywhere for a day or two
and you don't really have any real right to take her in. She is staying here for
a day or two at least so you'll know where to find her. If I agree to try and
find out who the fence is, can you turn a blind eye to what you have seen?"

"Maybe."

"I can't guarantee to find out anything and you wouldn't be able to use it in
court but it might help you with other investigations."

"Okay. I didn't see anything." With that the policewoman gave them her card with
her mobile number and took her leave of them.

It was now late morning. Sarah's arse was too sore for her to put on tight jeans
so had to make do with wearing her duffle coat and nothing under. The coat
barely covered her crotch but as there was only the two of them, it didn't
matter. Because it was late, they decided to make what the Americans call
brunch, breakfast and lunch combined.

"Sarah, do you want to go home and pick up some things? I can drive you if you
wish."

"Naah. I don't think I can sit in a car to go home. Or perhaps what used to be
home. Ma told me  'When you're eighteen, you either leave or pay a proper rent
to live here.' She doesn't want me at home, I know. I get in the way when her
boy friends or clients come round. If I leave home I can't afford a place of my
own and will be on the streets. If I stay at home I have to steal enough to pay
my way."

"Why don't you get a job?"

"Have you ever tried getting a job with a criminal record for theft? Without any
qualifications? I have! I've been trying for a job since I left school two years
ago. Yeah, I know about the training schemes. I've been on them too." The
bitterness showed in her voice. "Nothing got me a job for more than a couple of
weeks until my past caught up with me. Haven't seen any adverts for a burglar
lately which is about the only thing I can do and I get caught at that
sometimes. And what about you telling the fuzz I would be here?"

Bruce ignored the question and continued with his own. "At school, Sarah, was
there anything at all that you liked doing?"

"Quite liked woodwork and could have been good at it if I hadn't played truant
so much. Think the old woodwork teacher liked me. Anyways he didn't make me feel
useless."

"Were you any good on computers?"

"I was at primary school and then in my first year at the comprehensive but when
computer pieces went missing I got the blame even though for once I didn't steal
them. So I sort of got banned from the computer rooms for most of the time."

"I presume you didn't work very hard at english and maths or languages?"

"Nah, it would have been bad for my image. Hey, what's this sodden interrogation
about?"

"Could be a job interview."

"You think I would want to work for someone who has thrashed me so I wont be
able to sit for a week? A bastard who had made my arse so sore and swollen I
can't get my jeans on? Someone who is just waiting to put his cock in my cunt?"

"Yes."

"You are mad!"

"You don't even know what sort of job I would be offering, Sarah. There is still
the question of paying for the vase. And I think you need someone to look after
you and to keep you under control. You can't look after yourself long enough to
keep out of trouble and it doesn't seem that your mother can. You haven't
mentioned a father so I presume he is not there. "

"I've never known him. Not sure ma does for certain."

"Okay then, we'll forget about the job for the time being. What was all that
about the fence the WPC was talking about?"

"You don't think I'm going to grass do you? Think again, Bastard."

"I believe you are the one who needs to think again," Bruce commented as he
picked the small girl up and deposited her over his lap.

"No! No! Noooo! You can't hit me again. You're a fucking pervert. You've hurt me
enough already. You just enjoy hurting me. Why should I tell you anyway?"

"Because it may help to get you off the hook with your other crimes. They may
turn a blind eye especially as they don't seem to have any evidence. And, no, I
don't enjoy hurting you. I don't want to spank you again but if it means putting
other criminals in prison then I will do it. I would have lost some rings and
things had I not heard you the other night and set the alarm for last night. So
start talking."

"No way, fucking bastard!"

"Whap! Whap!" Two heavy swats to her already tender backside had Sarah crying
for mercy. She wasn't the bravest or the toughest of girls. Her small size
precluded her being that. "Okay then, get talking."

Sarah resolutely shut her mouth in defiance. "Whap! Whap!" Two more heavy swats
and she was blubbering like a baby.

"Stop. No more please. I'll tell you." Sarah told how at a previous remand she
had met another woman thief by the name of Gwen who when Sarah had told her she
was in court because her fence had betrayed her gave her the name of the one she
and others used now. His name was John Jenkins and he worked for Ansty's the
high class jewelers in Romford. She had to dress respectably and go into the
shop with a ring she wanted resized. Any old ring. She had to insist the
jeweller look at it personally and would be taken to his workshop at the back.
When he did she slipped him the stolen goods and he would write a receipt for
the ring and be told to collect it some days later. Gwen had told her the goods
were sent abroad the same day with legitimate stuff. When she collected the ring
he would have to personally check the fit and give her the money. She would then
have to pay the nominal amount for the ring repairs and would be given an
Ansty's receipt. She didn't know how they were sent or anything like that and
she only got a fraction of the real price but Jenkins seem fair in his dealings
with his clients. The people abroad only got about a third of the retail price.
Jenkins got half of that and she would get half of his fee. That was all she
knew.

"What are you going to do now?" Sarah asked. Bruce answered by dialing the
detective sergeant's mobile and informing her. At the end he said, "Keep dumb
about where the information came from. It would never be admissible in court,
nor would the methods used to obtain it." Elaine agreed.

Bruce left Sarah on the bed for an hour or so to recover. On his return Bruce
lay down and cuddled the girl. At first she struggled and lashed out at him but
her efforts were ineffective and she soon quietened and lay still and powerless
in his arms.

"Sarah after that I don't feel you have to stay. Do you want leave or phone your
mother and get some more clothes or just lie on the bed? If you stay I will look
after you but will expect some things in return."

Tears came to Sarah's eyes. Tears she tried to suppress but which came all the
same. "You're a real bastard. I don't understand you. You spank me till I cannot
hardly move and then you are like I imagine a father should be to me. Why are
you trying to help me at all? After I twice tried to rob you. Do you just want a
fuck toy?"

Bruce sat thoughtfully for a few moments. "Yes, Sarah, I think I could act like
a father should to you. When you do wrong, expect punishment. But in reality I
want to be more like a dominant lover, I would like a fuck toy as you so
delicately put it. I've often fancied having a little sex slave but it is a
fantasy, not reality. One girl came close but I found out she was only doing it
to get at my money. Still it was nice while it lasted and only cost me a few
thousand in the end. The reality though, is that I quite like you. Despite what
you have done, I feel you have a personality that it good underneath. Giving you
a job might help you get a better or a different one later."

"What sort of work would I do?"

"Come and see what I do." Bruce led her as she walked stiffly into another room
with two computer screens and an array of other equipment that sported winking
neon lights. "Much of my time is spent sorting peoples computer program
problems. I can usually do this from home via the Internet so I spend a great
deal of time cooped up in here. For relaxation, I go to my workshop." Sarah
winced a little as she followed him down some stairs to the basement. "Here I
make furniture items for myself, mainly reproductions of antiques that catch my
eye and provide a challenge to my skills. This is a bow fronted bureau of the
Louis XV period. Have only done the carcase work at the moment. It will all be
veneered and covered with marquetry."

Sarah recognised some of the tools from her woodwork classes but others were a
mystery to her. "I like the smell of wood in here," she remarked, sniffing the
air, "Reminds me of the old woodwork man."

Alongside the workshop was a home gymnasium. "This is where I train for
wrestling matches although I don't compete much now."

They went out of a door into the garden. A chill breeze blew under Sarah's
jacket causing her to shiver when she felt it on her bare bum. "Any good at
gardening?" Bruce asked as they surveyed the somewhat overgrown area outside the
back door.

"Not really. I did some when I was with the Parks Department on the training
scheme. Quite liked slashing undergrowth down when we had to clear a bridleway
but didn't have enough patience to do delicate weeding of the flower beds."

"Well there are no delicate flower beds here. I don't have time to mess about
with anything that doesn't come back each year."

They went back inside to the living room. "Sarah, there's the phone. The front
door is unlocked. Until 2 o'clock you are free to go. That gives you two hours."
Bruce took a wallet from his back packet and placed some notes on the table.
"Here's ?50. If you decide to leave, take it. If you decide to stay, leave it as
part payment for the vase." Sarah tried to interrupt but Bruce silenced her.
"Here's the deal if you decide to stay. I will employ you for work to be decided
at ?5 and hour which is well above minimum rate until you are sufficiently
trained and then we will negotiate a rise. Of your pay half will go directly to
you and half towards paying for the vase. In addition you will live in and get
your board and lodging free but it will involve sleeping with me and being my
fuck toy." Bruce paused to get Sarah time to digest the details. "The choice is
yours Sarah. Take the money and run back to your mother, back to your old ways
or leave the money in your account and stay, have a job, a place to sleep and
someone to look after you. But that someone may be inclined to punish you for
any misdeeds and to have sex in a variety of ways."

Sarah queried several points but then quietened. It was a difficult decision for
her to make.

"Sarah you are free to wander round the house and garden for these two hours
except I will lock my studio. I will be working in the computer room. If you
stay, at 2 o'clock make a pot of tea and bring it in there. I am sure someone
with your experience will soon find the materials for that and the tin of
biscuits." Bruce left her standing by the table with the money.




Chapter 4. More than a job

Sarah tried to sit but found her arse still rather too sore for that even when
the cushions were soft. "He said I was free to wander about the house I could
get some of those painkillers," she said to herself. "I might then be able to
get my jeans on. If I leave I get ?50 for nothing, if I stay I will have to work
but I will earn more than that in my first week even if half goes back to him.
But what will he do to me? He said I will have to sleep with him which means he
is definitely going to fuck me. I wonder how much that will hurt. A good deal at
first perhaps but I should get used to it. What else will he expect from a fuck
toy? More blow jobs? Will he beat me again. Perhaps I ought to go back home. The
?50 will pay for a week's stay perhaps. Then I will have nothing and either be
on the streets or have to continue thieving. Bloody sod leaving the decision to
me." An hour went by and she vacillated first one way then the other. It was the
uncertainty of knowing what he would do to her. Had it been a plain offer of a
job, she would have taken it. But no, this one had strings attached. And what
would happen after the debt was paid. Would he throw her out then? What would it
be like living with him? He was quite handsome and not that many years older
that she was. What if she became pregnant? She was on the pill but of course
hadn't taken the one for today but that probably wouldn't matter. It would take
a while for the effects to wear off. Would he let her get her things from home?
Almost certainly. He had offered to drive her before.

These and many other thoughts and questions ran through her mind. In the end the
deciding factor was her tight jeans. At the best of times they were a struggle
to get on now, even after another couple of pills it was an impossible task. She
mused later on how her fate was decided by a pair of jeans!

Bruce worked on his computers. It was an almost routine problem but his mind
wouldn't concentrate on it. Several times he listened and heard footsteps.
"She's still here," he thought. Every few minutes he looked at the time
displayed in the corner of his screen. 13.35. Twenty-five minutes to go. He
listened but could only hear the hum of the computer fans. 13.45 still nothing.
Should he look. No that would indicate he wanted to influence her. 13.55. The
clink of cups. She was still there! His heart raced but he really didn't know
why but this slip of a girl fascinated him.

14.00. A knock and the door opened. Sarah entered bearing a tray with the tea
things and a plate of biscuits. "Put them on the table over there please Sarah,
away from the keyboards in case anything spills." But it was her 'dress' that
caught his eye. In the airing cupboard, Sarah had found a sheet for a single
bed, wrapped it like a sarong around her body and fastened it with one of his
belts.

She put milk in the mugs and then turned to him, "I'll let the tea brew for a
few minutes more."

"Come here Sarah." She came to where he was seated and stood between his spread
legs. In one quick decisive movement, Bruce threw his arms around her and pulled
her close in a bear hug. Their lips met in a long kiss. "Well my little fuck
toy, what decided you to stay?"

"Couldn't get my jeans on and I only found the sheet a few moments ago and I
didn't think I could go out in public like this anyway."

"Well you look good in it. Anything underneath?" As she shook he head he slid
his hand under the sheet garment and felt her crotch. "Good. I like it that way.
I think we will make it a dress rule that when working you wear a skirt and
nothing under. No bra either. Your titties don't need supporting anyway. Now
pour the tea."

Sarah drank hers standing. "You put anything on your arse?" Bruce enquired.

"No, but I took a couple of pills."

"Let me see." Sarah lifted the hem of the sheet to reveal the multicoloured
flesh. Bruce kissed and felt his cock rise. Still seated he took it out. "Get me
fully hard," he commanded.

Surprised by the suddenness of the order Sarah hesitated and then gripped the
shaft and started to massage it back and forth until it stood proudly. "Lift
your dress."

"Are you going to...?"

"Sarah, I know you're frightened at taking my cock in you but I've had tight
cunts before and with care it won't hurt too much and after the first few times
you should take it without problems. You can't be a fuck toy without being
fucked. It may be worse when we try your arse but that has to heal a little
first." Lifting her until she stood with her feet on his thighs, he began to
kiss and lick her cunt. Soon her moisture was flowing. Bruce spread her legs and
lowered her until his cock was at her cunt entrance. Still supporting her he
said, "You position it and then I will lower you a little way. Once I am part
way in you can control the speed I enter you."

Sarah felt the cock head enter and fully fill her opening. It stretched but she
still thought it could never open enough. "I can't take it. It will split me!"

"You can and you will."

"I should have taken the money and gone."

"Too late now. I could do this the hard way. Lay you on your back and shove it
right in." Gradually he eased her down until about an inch and a half was
inside. "Work yourself up and down for a bit." Sarah placed her hands on his
thighs and lifted herself off his cock until it almost came right out. Gingerly
she lowered herself again, this time supported a little by Bruce's hands cupped
under her tits. The in out movements stimulated her juices and on each downward
movement the cock went in a little further. Sarah had never had it this way and
never with a prick as large as this. It was a little painful but not overly so.
It was more the pressure forcing her cunt walls apart. With only an inch or so
left to go, Bruce couldn't hold back any more. He lifted the girl and allowed
her to fall before she was ready to support herself. His cock went all the way
in. Sarah cried out but the worst was over. Bruce lifted and dropped her until
she too picked up the rhythm and despite the soreness, worked herself to a
climax a little before Bruce came inside her.

Still impaled on his weapon, he pulled Sarah tight to his chest and kissed and
hugged her for some minutes until his cock shrunk. Standing her with her feet
again on his thighs he licked the juices and the sperm leaking from her opening.
This was another surprise for a girl who had only had quickie fucks. However,
that meant she also had to do the same to him when her feet touched the floor
again. "That was your first fuck from me, my little fuck toy. The first of many
I hope. I loved the feel of your tight little cunt around my cock. Was it too
painful for you to enjoy?"

"It was sort of painful especially as it didn't slide in and out too easily
until nearly the end. Perhaps it will get easier as time goes on."

"Clear away the tea things and I'll put some salve on your arse. Tomorrow I
think we will try you out doing secretarial work on a computer."




Chapter 5. A quiet half day?

Sarah didn't like being alone in the quiet old house. Bruce had gone to attend a
wrestling committee meeting in central London. He'd left her some work for the
morning but said she could have a free afternoon. Wandering around the deserted
house, Sarah couldn't settle to do anything. Her life for the last five days had
become almost routine. For an hour in the morning she practiced typing skills
using a computer programme, it was something Bruce said she needed to learn but
smacked of school work so she didn't do it with any real enthusiasm. After a tea
break Bruce tried to teach her to use the Office suite of programs and to keep
his accounts up to date. She did better at this and was amazed at the amounts
involved. "The price of that vase is peanuts compared to what he earns," she
said to herself, "and yet he put me through hell because of it!" It rankled her
a little as she fed in the latest figures from his bank balance deposits.

Three o'clock and Sarah decided she would go to Romford and perhaps go to the
pictures. However, she had not yet had her wages for the week. It was Thursday
and the agreed pay day was Friday. The ?50 was still in an old biscuit tin where
it had been left nearly a week previously. "I'll borrow that and pay it back
when I get my wages. Surely he didn't expect me to stay indoors? He said I was
free didn't he? And this is not a prison. He surely won't mind if I go out for
the afternoon?" Actually Sarah wasn't too certain if he would mind. She knew she
ought to have mentioned it before he left.

Having made up her mind she walked over a mile to Nazing and caught a bus to
Epping and from there took the train to West Ham and decided to stay there. She
bought a few items and went to the cinema before deciding she had better head
back. By the time she arrived in Nazing it was nearly dark but she wasn't too
bothered, her night time activities had blunted any fear she might have of
darkness.

Passing the big house with the sign, 'The Pightles' her burglar senses came to
the fore as she noted it seemed deserted. No cars in the driveway and no caravan
parked alongside the garage. Peering over the shoulder height wall she looked
over the place. "Yes they have gone away. And left a first floor window slightly
ajar. That was stupid of them. There's a down pipe almost alongside." Casting a
semi-professional eye over the place she guessed it would be alarmed but
possibly that window might not." Placing her hands on the top of the wall she
went to jump and turn to sit on the coping stone but had forgotten the muscles
in her arse still weren't ready for that kind of movement and her leap fell well
short of the top. Rubbing and squeezing her bum she stood for a few moments
looking over the wall. She had more or less decided there wouldn't be anything
there for her. Her fence, if he wasn't already in custody would certainly be
watched and she had a job now. "It's not worth the risk," she told the night
air.

"Sarah?" Sarah jumped at the whisper.

*****

D.S. Elaine Willis had watched the deserted house for over half an hour. Her
snout had informed her that a group of professional burglars had been casing the
place but he didn't know exactly when the raid would be. Resources were limited
so she was watching the place on her own initiative but with a radio connection
to the station that she could call on for back up if required.

Through a night vision monocular she watched the girl she recognised as Sarah,
walk down the lane. "Why has she stopped at this house?" She didn't think the
girl was part of the gang and she didn't usually go for such up-market places.
Perhaps she was a decoy? Perhaps she was just on her way back to the Masterton
place. Smiling she watched Sarah's attempt to climb the wall and knew why she
rubbed her rear. Perhaps she is just a passer by.

"Over here Sarah."

Recognising the voice, Sarah went over to the policewoman and found her by a car
well hidden by bushes. "What are you doing here, Sarah."

"On my way home. Nothing wrong with that is there?"

"To the Masterton place?"

"So?" Elaine questioned the girl further but only received reluctant
monosyllabic replies. Sarah began to realise Elaine was doing an 'obbo' on the
house. "You expecting the house to have visitors then?" she enquired. On hearing
the admission, Sarah went on, "Not surprised when the stupid owners leave a
window open."

"You're pretty observant. But my advise is keep away. The people we think may
visit are pretty ruthless." Sarah continued on her way, Elaine in dark clothes
faded once more into the background.

Two hundred yards down the road Sarah heard the sound of van approaching. Almost
instinctively she moved to the roadside bushes and crouched down. A dark
coloured van passed with only its sidelights showing. "Bet they are the
burglars," she thought. Keeping to the shadows, she followed the van back to the
house. Hiding, in one corner she could just make out one man had left the van
and had leapt over the wall. With eyes now used to the low light level she saw
the man climb the down pipe and open the window. There was a puff of smoke from
a canister and Sarah made out a line of red light. "The window was alarmed," she
noted. The man slid under the beam. Moments later the alarm rang for a few
seconds and then silence. A door opened and the van backed up to it. For a short
while there was a lot of activity as items were loaded.

"Woof, woof. Woof" A dog walker torch in hand came along the lane. One of the
men went and peered over the wall until the walker had passed.

"Control to Zero One Four!" The unmistakable sound of a police radio crackled in
the stillness.

"Damn," cursed Elaine, "Thought I had turned that off." Before she could do
anything the man had crossed the short space between them and punched her in the
stomach. Tossing the radio into the back of the car he forced Elaine's hands
behind her back. Seeing handcuffs in her open handbag, he clipped them on her
wrists. Elaine tried to shout but was given another punch which again knocked
the breath from her body.

"Control to Zero One Four! Do you read me? Elaine do you require assistance?"

"Tell them no or you're dead!"

"Zero One Four to Control, all quiet here Jennifer." Her voice shook but the man
seemed to think it was okay. He switched the radio off.

"Where's the rest of the team?" A glint of moonlight caught the shine on the
blade of a switch knife. The point touched her throat.

"I am on my own. No resources for more." Tears were streaming down her face.

The man forced Elaine to walk to the house.

Back at Control June was puzzled. "Why had Elaine called her Jennifer when they
had known each other for many years? Did she detect nervousness in her voice?"
She decided to call her superior.



Sarah watched, uncertain as to what she should do. She didn't like the police
but didn't want to see Elaine hurt. She had said the men were ruthless. Would
they kill her? If they did there would be one helluva stink and she might be
suspected of involvement. Activity at the doorway ceased when Elaine was taken
inside. Taking advantage of the lull, Sarah decided to get closer. Now she could
hear their voices.

"Seems she was alone just keeping an eye on the place."

"Yeah but what do we do with 'er now?"

"Well I'm going to get my cock into 'er seeing as I missed out on a lot of cunt
when I was inside."

"Well you better be quick. I think we should get the rest of this stuff in the
van and get the hell out of here."

"I'm fucking 'er first."

Hugging close to the house Sarah arrived at the down pipe. It was around the
corner from the doorway so she wouldn't be seen unless they looked. Could she
climb it with sore arse muscles? She knew that with the excitement and the
adrenaline flow she could. Guessing the alarm had been turned off, Sarah went
straight into the house and found herself in a bedroom. Footsteps.

"Move yersel pig." Fortunately for Sarah, the curtains at each side of the
window were full length. Quickly she hid behind them but the man pushed Elaine
into the bedroom opposite. He left the door open and put on a bedside light.

"Time for a little fun. I wanted to force fuck a screw for a long while, now I
am. An you won't need to worry about pregnancy. We'll tip you over the bridge on
to the motorway in a short while!" The man gave an evil chuckle. "That'll be one
pig less. Even it is a woman pig."

Sarah moved from behind the curtain and crouched behind the bed in a position
where she could see into the other room. Elaine she noted was on the bed gagged
but trying to kick at the man who was removing her shoes. Her efforts were
futile and her assailant quickly removed not only the shoes but her trousers and
knickers.

"That's more like it," the man grinned as he opened his fly and pulled out his
erect cock. "Didn't expect to get a good fuck when you started out tonight did
yer?" Elaine continued to flail her feet in all directions in an attempt to
forestall the man's efforts. He just laughed and slipped the wide leather belt
from his trousers. "You really are a dumb bitch aren't you? You've only a short
while to live so you might just as well make it easy for yersel'." With that he
swung the belt in a wide arc and brought it crashing down across the top of
Elaine's thighs. A second followed almost without pause. Only muffled moans came
from behind the gag but Sarah could feel the pain she must be in.

"Open your legs!" Elaine parted her thighs a little. "Wider!" Realising any
further reluctance to obey would be futile, Elaine obeyed and the man
immediately pulled her forward until her legs were over the end of the bed. He
thrust his cock in without any preliminaries and was soon pounding away.
However, it was all over in a few minutes. Wiping his cock on the inside of her
thigh he left to rejoin the others.

Sarah could hear the noise of furniture moving below and crept into the Elaine's
room and was about to try and free her when from below she heard, "You'll have
to make it a quickie Bert. We're off as soon as we get the last few things
loaded and 'er in the back as well." Diving under the bed, Sarah heard footstep
ascend the stairs and while she couldn't see anything this time, the bouncing of
the springs above her and the obscene remarks Bert made, told Sarah just as
vividly what was happening.

As soon as Bert left, Sarah loosed Elaine's gag a little. Where's the key to the
cuffs?" she whispered.

"In my purse in the car."

"Damn." It would have been too late anyway. More footsteps on the stairs. This
time more than one. "Are they going to gang-bang her?" wondered Sarah as once
again she dived under the bed. No. The men just carried her downstairs. They
left her trousers on the bed. Sarah felt in the pockets. There might be a phone
she thought but there wasn't. She did find Elaine's car keys. She slipped across
the landing to the room she entered. There was an argument going on downstairs.
Another of the men was demanding to have a quick fuck of the bitch cop. The
leader was trying to get them away but it sounded as if he was going to lose
out.




Chapter 6 The chase

Making the most of the delay, Sarah slid from the window and ran through the
bushes to where she knew the car was hidden. Opening the door she started
engine. One of her ex boyfriends had shown her the basics of driving on a
disused airfield and she had several times driven illegally on the road but she
certainly didn't have a driver's license or any formal training. That didn't
stop her. With a jumpy start she pulled on to the road and set off in the
direction, she thought they would go. How can I stop them? This car won't block
the road enough for them not to get by. It is a police car and if I can find the
blue light switch and the siren I might scare them. There should be a radio too
but where is it? Half a mile down the road, in a farm entrance stood a tractor
with a fork lift being used to shift bales of straw. Sarah pulled up, put on
Elaine's had which was still on the passenger seat and approached the tractor.
She recognised Jeff Parker.

"Jeff, pull the tractor half across the road."

"You daft, Sarah. What's your game this time."

"Don't argue cunt, this is police business. Just do it. If you don't a
policewoman will be murdered. Now move it!" Despite his misgivings the fervour
of Sarah's demands prevailed and he pulled the tractor on to the road. Sarah
rather clumsily parked the police car to completely block the road.

"Jeff get in this car. You can drive better than I can. Sarah put on the
interior light and found the switches for the blue lights and the siren She also
found the radio and was about to give it a trial buzz when she saw the lights of
the van approaching. Switching on the blue lights and putting the headlights on
full, she watched as the van slowed, stopped reversed into a gateway and sped
off in the opposite direction. "Follow them Jeff," she ordered.

Jeff demurred. "Drive damn you. A woman's life depends on it." Jeff drove. Sarah
switched on the sirens more for effect than use. Picking up the radio handset,
she pressed the send button. "Can anyone hear me?"

"Control to Zero One Four! Is that you Elaine?"

"No, its Sarah Jacobson. Elaine's being held prisoner in a van we're chasing
along Onehouse Road heading west. The burglars got her and they are going to
throw her off a bridge on to the M25. We need help."

"Who's we and what are you doing in the car?"

"The driver is Jeff Parker and what we are doing in the car is too long a story
for now. Just get some back-up here fast. Elaine will be murdered soon."

"I'm June. Keep talking to us and let us know where you are as you go along.
When Elaine called me Jennifer I sent a couple of cars on standby to the area."

"Van's taken the left fork. We're now heading towards London I think."

"Coming up to the main road," interjected Jeff, "Doesn't look as if they are
going to give way to the traffic."

With tyres squealing, the van turned into traffic amid blaring horns from other
motorists. They were more considerate when the police car too pulled into the
road stream. "We're about two miles from the M25 now," Jeff informed them.

"We've cars converging on the area," June replied.

"The van's stopping on the bridge. They are going to carry out their threat. Two
men are opening the back door. Elaine is being pulled out." Sarah ran from the
car followed by Jeff.

"Stand where you are pigs," came the order from the man holding Elaine. A knife
flashed in the street lights. "You come closer and the bitch here gets cut up."
The remark was addressed more to Jeff as he was perceived to be the threat.
Small Sarah with Elaine's hat still perched cockily on her head was more part of
a comedy act.

Traffic on the main road had slowed and halted behind the police car. "Jeff stay
here and argue with them. Keep them occupied for a while. Try and stall them."
Sarah gave him orders with a quiet authority she herself didn't realise she had.
Turning back to the stopped traffic she told the first car to edge slowly by as
if they were passing an accident. To the driver of the second vehicle, a lorry,
she said, "Police Special Branch," and then gave him the same instructions but
added she was going to hang on to the offside until they were level with the van
and afterwards he was to block the road to all traffic from the other direction.
She let herself drop as the lorry drew level and crouched low to the ground.
There was no cover but all attention was focused on the van and the struggling
half naked woman. A third burglar was about to join the pair now struggling with
Elaine. Another car, had decided it too could get by. Sarah used it as cover and
then ran full pelt into the knife man holding the captive girl. The speed of the
attack caught them all by surprise. With eyes down she head butted his back,
knocking him over but in doing so sustained a gash from the knife to her
forehead. Momentarily free, Elaine ran but only managed a few yards before the
other two caught her. Knife man tried to hold Sarah, but she was too quick. The
police hat had taken some of the force but was partially flattened to her scalp.
With blood streaming down her face she ran back towards Jeff and out of the
criminal's reach.

"Just throw the bitch over and let's get the hell out of here," knifeman yelled.
The two got Elaine to the railed parapet but she managed to intertwine her legs
through the ironwork. Two other police cars arrived, one from each direction.
The burglars, desperate now, decided to use Elaine as a bargaining tool. One
held each of her ankles so she was head down over the fast flowing traffic of
the motorway. Had the situation been different they might have admired the
tender cunt hanging beneath them. As it was to them, she was a very slender hope
of escape. They knew well enough that if they were caught now, they would get a
long sentence. If they killed her, it would be longer, but perhaps not that much
longer. They were desperate. They were cornered. They might do anything.

Wiping the blood from her eyes, Sarah slipped and slid down the embankment
leading to the motorway. If she could stop the traffic there was still a slim
chance for Elaine. She might be badly hurt by the fall but she might live. She
wouldn't if she was run over as well. Fortunately traffic had already begun to
slow down because of all the flashing blue lights on the bridge and the scene at
the parapet. Cautiously she stepped and flagged the car in the inside lane to
stop. In turn the second lane slowed and eventually that too stopped. Drivers in
the fast lane were less inclined but the sight of a bloody faced figure, wearing
a police hat eventually brought the whole of the motorway in that direction to a
halt.

Things were nearing a climax on the bridge. It seemed as if the police might
storm the van. There were cries of "Armed Police." Sarah knew Elaine could be
dropped at anytime. Looking along the line of still traffic she noticed a canvas
covered container truck three cars back in the slow lane.

"Police Special Branch," she used the same statement to each of the drivers in
the cars and told them to move on but not to pass under the woman. The truck
driver, she asked to stop with his rear directly underneath Elaine. He quickly
understood. However as he pulled away, it became obvious to him they were to
drop her anyway. Pressing the accelerator the huge lorry pulled forward at speed
and then braked sharply. Smoke came from the tyres. He heard a thump. Had she
hit the tarpaulin or the road. Slowly he pulled forward until the rear of the
container was clear of the other side of the bridge. It was with some relief
those on the bridge and seconds later, those on the road saw Elaine sit up. She
had suffered a broken collar bone but that was her only physical injury.

*****

Bruce was pissed off when he came home to find the house empty and the empty
biscuit tin. At first held the hope that she had just gone out for the afternoon
but as time went on, and she hadn't returned, he assumed the worst. She had
taken the money and gone. Eventually he went to bed but sleep was slow in
coming.

1 a.m. the phone rang. Mr. Masterton, this is Epping Police Station, we have a
message from Sarah Jacobson......"

"I don't want to know." Bruce's voice showed its anger as he slammed down the
phone. "I've done what I could for the bitch, now she must sort herself out."

7 a.m. the phone rang again. "Bruce this is Sarah, I ......"

"Sarah, I don't want to know what trouble your in. Sort yourself out. My methods
obviously didn't work."

7.15 a.m. phone rings again. "Masterton, this is Elaine Willis. Don't you dare
put the phone down on me"

"Okay, what trouble is she in now?"

"Nothing much. We could charge her with breaking and entering, stealing a police
car, driving without a license, driving without insurance, imitating a police
officer, holding up traffic on a motorway. Shall I go on?"

"And that's nothing much?"

"Mr. Masterton, I guess you haven't put the news on yet otherwise you might know
what a heroine young Sarah is. I owe her my life. Now just you get over to
Romford General Hospital, Nightingale Ward and see us."

En route Bruce heard the details on the radio but was still surprised when he
had to get through a wall of press men and a police check at the hospital. He
was also unprepared for the large gash visible under the plastic stitches on her
forehead. "My God, what did they do to you? I'm really sorry I thought you had
just taken the money and done a runner. Now I find half the world knows where
you were and I didn't!"

"Perhaps when I get you home, I should give your bum a good spanking for not
trusting me," laughed Sarah.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





