BDSM Library - The Laundromat




The Laundromat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pretty lady tries to find Customer Service...
The Laundromat (1) Soap Application

Written by DragonFire

	The heavily laden brown plastic basket almost crumples as I let it drop
into the wire basket. Last load, I think, as I look down at the sodden wet clump
of my boyfriend's jeans and T-shirts. Some equal partnership! He watches
football all day and I sit in this Laundromat cleaning his beer-stained
T-shirts! I'm alone in the big empty place, it being early Sunday morning.

	Opening the door of the big front-loading dryer, I use the opportunity
to stretch, reveling in the feel of my ultra-fit body. I work out four mornings
a week, and my butt is a perfect pair of meaty muscular bubbles because of it.
As I stretch, my 35C's are gently teased by the scratchy lacy edging on the cups
of my bra. I didn't shower after the gym this morning because I need to get home
to fix my daughters lunch so they can get to dance practice, and I know my own
top is ripe with the smell of a healthy woman's body. Five-eight and tightly
curved, I know I'm quite a head-turner. Since I work the lead desk in a bank, I
put a lot of effort into keeping my skin clear and my makeup impeccable, but
today my own deep blue eyes, clean skin and full lips are reflected back at me
in the glass of the open door. My shoulder-length silvery blonde hair is a bit
fluffed after all my exertions, and I can't help but remember with a warm glow
down below the pleasure I get when Bill holds my chin steady as he firmly pulls
my hairbrush through my silky tresses. I love it when he grooms me tenderly, and
my body stirs as I respond to the memory.

	Shaking myself, I get back to the task at hand. Last load! As I thrust
the clumps of heavy wet denim into the open machine, my short top pulls and
flaps against my bare midriff, and I pleasure myself with memories of Bill's
firm hands bending me at the waist for another go at my burning pussy. After the
girls are gone, I'm going to do my best to get his mind off pigskin! I need to
be fucked, and I won't take no for an answer!

	Finally, the wet clothes are all in the machine, and I start feeding it
the last stack of quarters. Just exactly enough... damn! Sticky. Something in
the slot. I pull the release lever, and, dammit, nothing comes out! I didn't
bring any cash except the change for the wash, so now I'm fucked in the worst
kind of way!

	I already know there's no other store near here, being on the edge of
the warehouse district, so I set out to see if somebody else is in the building.
There's a door at the back. It says 'ABSOLUTELY NO ADMITTANCE', but, hell, if
they can't keep their machines clean and well greased, I'm going to yell a lot
louder than they are!

	The door pushes open before me, leading to smallish empty office. Seeing
another door on the opposite wall, I cross the room. The door behind me latches
with a click as I reach for the knob of this new door. It doesn't turn, and
suddenly there's an awful feeling in my stomach as that click reverberates in my
fearful mind. There's a hiss from above, and a grayish mist starts to fall from
vents in the ceiling. I turn and dash back to the first door, but my hand slips
on the knob as I slump to the floor. Shirley Talbot, you've really done it now!

	I come back to consciousness to find myself standing upright. My hands
are held above my head, and I look up to see that my wrists are held firmly by
straps to a pair of cables stretching down from the ceiling. My feet are fixed,
too, and I look down to see that my ankles are strapped tightly to blocks that
resemble high heels. The blocks are about three feet apart, stretching me wide
in an X. My clothes are completely gone; the only things I have on except straps
are a latex bathing cap that holds my hair tight to my skull and a pair of clear
swim racing goggles that cling to my face all around my eyes. The full impact of
my nakedness and captivity hits me as I examine my surroundings with my heart
pounding in my ears. I'm in a small chamber a little wider than my reach with
white, slick walls. The floor is tiled, and there's a drain in it beneath me. I
see seams on the walls and ceiling around me indicating various equipment
hatches, but they're all closed. There's a video screen in front of me, and it
blinks to get my attention.

WELCOME TO THE WASH-A-WOMAN AUTOMATED FEMALE CLEANSING SYSTEM!

YOU ARE ABOUT TO EXPERIENCE THE LATEST IN ROBOTIC TECHNOLOGY
APPLIED TO THE NEEDS OF THE HUMAN RACE.

THE SYSTEM WILL BEGIN BY APPLYING OUR SPECIAL SOAP.

FOR YOUR PROTECTION, PLEASE FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS
ON THIS SCREEN TO THE LETTER.

KEEP YOUR MOUTH CLOSED AT ALL TIMES!

	I shudder with my heart in my throat as I realize how totally helpless I
am. There's nothing I can do about my predicament, and with the whir of motors
my experience begins!

	Six ports open in the walls around me, and long spray wands like those
in a car wash extend smoothly towards my body. They blast me from all sides with
a stinging lash of hot, foamy, sudsing water as the wands play up and down my
body, covering every part of me with their stinging rain. My tits bounce and
jerk as the spray hits them from first one nozzle then another. The smell of
strong soap with a chamomile scent added fills the small chamber as the soap
clings to my body. The wands retract and the ports snap shut behind them, but
they're not finished with me. I look down in horror as another port opens in the
floor before me and another wand thrusts up towards my helplessly exposed
private parts. The blasting water nails me right in the belly button, and I jerk
with reflex as the shock hits me.  Then the wand starts to tilt, moving very
slowly down towards my mons, tearing its way through my silvery blonde fur,
leaving it sodden with soap as it remorselessly drops lower and lower. I try to
jerk my body away, but I am helpless to do more than twitch because I'm held
completely still by the tension in the strapping. All I can do is close my eyes
and clench my thighs as the unstoppable stream reaches the apex of my pubes and
keeps coming. I'm about to be raped in a most horrible way and there isn't a
thing I can do about it!

	Suddenly, the water stops, just as it's about to violate me. I stare
down between my breasts, my eyes glued to the nozzle at the end of the wand.
There's a whir, and I see it twist a little. I can't blink or breathe as I wait
for its next move. It taunts me silently as I stare helplessly at it for long
seconds. Suddenly, it strikes again, blasting an even tighter spear of clear hot
water at the top of my slit. It's pulsing now, and it feels like I'm being
pummeled by the mailed fist of a fighter as it scores my tender flesh again and
again, poking me like a hot iron. Helpless to stop it as it again jerks into a
slow downward motion, I lift my head to the ceiling and scream hopelessly at the
top of my lungs as the remorseless stinging water begins to force its way into
my slit. My spread legs keep my clenching from protecting me against its
violation, and my anguished cries echo in my ears as the pounding blasts score
their way across the protective flesh hooding my clitoris. Even with that, the
pounding blows make my eyes roll back with sparks flying as my body jerks
helplessly in reaction to the punishment. I feel like an elephant is fucking me
as the devilish stream forces its way deeper and deeper into my cunt! Thrust
after bruising thrust, I feel it blasting deeper and deeper into me, the return
flow pouring out of me as it thrusts into me again and again. Each long blast
fills my tender pussy with scalding water as its thrusts slam into the deepest
and tenderest parts of my flesh. It looks like a glittering steel bar slamming
into me again and again, and the return flow spurts out like a miniature geyser
as my muscles clench reflexively after each thrust.

	My body spasms in pain as the searing blasts begin to slash the soft
pinkness of my lower slit. I look down in horror, jerking and twitching,
expecting to see a fountain of blood because it feels like a saw blade cutting
me in half, but the water is clear as the wand continues its unstoppable course.
I breathe a sigh of relief as it finally leaves my tortured pussy behind, and I
hang limp in the harness as my strength leaves me.

	The pulsing sword of hot water continues its way between my legs, and my
mind fills with the horrified realization of where its next intrusion is going
to be. The water stops, and there is a loud silence as the water gurgles down
the drain. I shudder helplessly as the wand whirs mechanically, its sound loud
in the chamber. The wand moves under me. I can't see the nozzle any more as the
extensible arm repositions itself behind me. I know where it's aimed now, and I
clench helplessly, awaiting the violation of my ass. I've never let Bill take me
there, and I can't imagine what it's going to feel like to be raped by this
faceless machine.

	I hang there in helpless, dripping silence; unable to alter my fate or
guess when I'd be brutally taken. The tense seconds stretched out as the demonic
machine torments me with agonizing silence.

	Suddenly there is a WHOOSH! as the jet strikes me, spearing up into my
defenseless asshole like a laser cannon! In an instant, I am reamed by a solid
spear of hot water, filling me like a bubble with a long blast that seems like
it is drilling its way completely through me!

	The water finally shuts off, and I hang there jerking and flinching as
my tortured abdominal muscles seize and seize again as I try to pull air into my
lungs. The water gushes out of my behind in spurts, propelled by the
contractions of my tormented muscles.

	With a final mechanical whir, the wand returns to its forward position.
I stare dully at it and it seems as though it stares back, gloating in triumph,
pausing for a long moment before it retracts into the floor and the port closes
after it, leaving me dripping in silence.




The Laundromat (2) The Scrubber

Written by DragonFire

	My breathing slowly returns to normal, more or less, and I take stock of
my situation. I'm hanging in a shower-like chamber in a monstrous automated
machine called a WASH-A-WOMAN, and my body's still trembling in reaction to the
brutal assault I've just suffered. I've been covered in stinging, foamy soap,
and my pussy and ass are still reeling and spasming from the brutal water rape
they've just suffered through. My mind can hardly focus, and I can't help but
dread whatever's coming next. There's nothing I can do about it, whatever it is.

	The video screen in front of me blinks again, and I stare in agonized
fascination as the words appear.

THE WASH-A-WOMAN SCRUB CYCLE IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.

THIS WILL REMOVE ALL TRACES OF DIRT

FROM THE EXTERIOR OF YOUR BODY.

With a deep rumble of machinery all around me, my torment begins again. Two
large hatches spring open in the floor just inside where my feet are strapped to
the blocks, and broad mechanical arms reach upward as I watch helplessly. My
eyes blink in horror as I realize that each arm holds a stiff bristle brush but
there's no time to react as the brushes go to work on my lower calves, scrubbing
determinedly up and down my legs. My head tilts back and my mouth opens in
silent anguish as my skin begins to burn from the insistent scratchy pressure,
but the nasty brushes keep working their way unfeelingly higher and higher,
immune to their effect on my body. I sneak a look down fearing that I'm being
flayed alive, but my skin is unbroken. It's red as a rare roast of beef, though,
testament to the painful progress of the brushes up my shins. My whole lower
body is aflame with pain shock as the remorseless brushes continue their
scrubbing higher and higher up my legs.

	I'm awash with fear that these devilish things might torture my pussy
and ass again, but to my heartfelt relief they stop at the base of my butt,
retracting back into the floor. Little do I know that I might wish that was all
that would assault my private pleasure zones!

	Two large doors drop open in the walls at my sides, and a pair of
hourglass-shaped horizontal rollers with the same agonizing bristles extend
towards me. I close my eyes in horrified anticipation as the rollers began to
spin, closing remorselessly aound my waist until their ends began to crush
together around me, the fiery pain engulfing my waist. My arms pull helplessly
on their straps as the awful things scrape their way down to my hips, but there
is no escape.

	The punishing rollers release their pressure momentarily, but it is only
to reverse the direction of rotation, and they again close about my hips to
scrape their way up the sides of my body, following the contours of my hourglass
waist. As they move higher, I begin to fear for the safety of my tender breasts,
but again I am spared, for now, as the rollers stop rotating just barely below
them and retract with a mechanical grind into the walls. I breathe a shuddering
sigh of relief.

	Next, I hear a door open behind me. It sounds like another of the large
rollers, and I am right. It whines urgently as it starts to spin, and again
starting at my waist it presses in on me. With a shock, I realize that this
brush has an extra refinement, a pair of coarse ridges of very stiff bristles
that bracket my spine. It rides up my back to my shoulders, pushing me forward
in my bondage until I am bowed as far as my body can stretch. It reverses
direction and starts downward, pressing forward even harder upon me as it makes
its slow and burning way down my back. My body burns with waves of pain and
shock from the merciless scoring of the stiff bristles as it returns to the
small of my back and continues downward. My eyes bulge and my mouth opens in a
silent scream as my beautiful bubble butt is mounted by the scratching, burning
rollers. I do scream in horror as I realize what is happening to the coarse
bristle ridges in the center. As the brush forces its way down my ass,
stretching me even farther forward into a bow, the bristles are forced deep into
my crack, trying as hard as they can to spring out to their natural position.
The result is wave after wave of searing pain as they scour their way slowly
down the length of my crack. Finally, after an eternity of pain, the brush pulls
away from the base of my butt, stopping just before it touches the backs of my
thighs. My body hangs limply in the straps as the roller's pressure is removed,
and I can't think, can only feel the wave after wave of pain and shock and heat
from my raw skin.

	The chamber fills with mist, and I gasp involuntarily as my body is
suddenly numbed, the pain dissipating as the mist sooths my tortured skin. My
relief is short-lived, however, and I realize that half my body is still
un-scrubbed, and the mechanical whirring and rumbling begins again. I bite my
lip as I wondered where the next assault will come from.

	I don't have long to wait, but the machine's next move puzzles me. A
door opens in the floor before me, and a rounded vinyl-covered pillion rises up
in front of me to the height of my hips. It doesn't touch me, and I puzzle over
its purpose until the cables holding my hand straps begin to tug me forward. I
look up to see arms extending further and further from the ceiling, dragging me
forward and forcing me over the saddle. For a moment I imagine what I must look
like from the rear, with my taut thighs spread wide apart and my beautiful butt
high in the air, but I can't help but realize what the next target of the
remorseless, unfeeling machine is: my beautiful bubble butt. I quail at the
thought, but still I am held helpless and unable to escape.

	This time, I can look back between my hanging, bare breasts and I see
the hatch opening in the back wall. My fears are confirmed as two deeply cupped,
round brown bristle brushes extend on mechanical arms. They head directly and
unstoppably towards their targets, and they start spinning angrily as they
approach my quivering cheeks. As contact is made, my butt jerks in reaction,
lifting up and jerking back into the whirling bristles. This drives the madly
scratching bristles deep into my crack, scoring the thin skin over the base of
my tailbone. My eyes bulge and my spine almost cracks with the arch as my nerves
send amazing messages of sensory overload to my brain. Unthinking, I drive
myself back onto the bristles for more, and the whipping bristles begin to whip
through the lower curls of my silvery blonde bush, pulling mightily at my short
hairs.  With a sinking feeling, I realize two things: first, that my body is
starting to look forward to the attack, and second, that the brushes have not
fully completed their forward motion to cover me. As if the machine sees my
horrified realization, the forward motion of the cup brushes slows to a glacial
pace. The center bristles are already rasping painfully across my muscular butt,
frying my gluteal prizes as though I have been plopped in a fry pan. This pain
though, is less important to my primal sex than the whipping, buzzing, pulling
stimulation of my pussy lips caused by the bristles dragging through my cunt
hairs. My body wants this, wants it all, and right now, and my mind is a
spectator as my butt lifts and presses back into the burning hell of the
slashing bristles. My cunt is warming and I feel my insides shift as the pain
becomes desirable. My labia begin to swell, and as they do, the bristles thrash
their way through more and more of my cunt hair. I know I'm getting wet from
this, and my conscious mind reels in shock as my primal sex tells me it wants it
all. Without control of myself, I feel my spine pushing back and I thrust my
butt as far back as it can go, and the bristles blaze across the engorged folds
of my pussy lips in a final fiery searing non-stopping blast of pain.

	As I realize I'm getting aroused by this unbelievable pain, my body and
my mind come together in a wondrous, unreal, rolling wave of orgasmic release,
and I thrust my hips back with each wave of the powerful blast that is
overtaking me. As I ride the waves of overwhelming release down the other side,
the machine slowly backs the whirling brushes away from me, letting me come down
on my own pace. My breath comes deep and slow, and suddenly I realize that
beneath the soap scum I'm covered with body sweat.

	As the system once again becomes silent, I realize that I've just been
mastered by this machine. It has played me like a fiddle, diddled me until it
got to me, and made me come like a raging whore. I wonder if I'm its first
conquest?

	As if in answer, the arms holding me bent forward begin to silently
retract, and I have my answer. This machine is built to overcome any woman, and
it's not done with me yet. It pulls me fully upright again, and stretches me out
once again, and the pillion pad disappears silently into the floor. This time,
the hatch that opens is in the floor behind me, and I feel another vinyl pad
pressing into the small of my back to hold me firmly in place. It gently shoves
my tummy forward, just an inch.  Another hatch opens, this one in front of me
and just below the video screen. This one presents a new contraption, four
smaller brushes arranged in a circle on a plate. They reach out towards my
tummy, and my ripples clench as they realize it's their turn now. Resigned to my
fate, I close my eyes as the brushes make their searing contact with my tummy,
and I ride out the now-familiar waves of burning pain they cause as they make
their way across my tortured stomach. For once, it seems like only moments
before the pain disappears, and I open my eyes to see the whirling scrub brushes
retreating into the wall.

	Suddenly, extra bolsters whip out from around the ends of the pad behind
me, and they grasp my waist with awesome force. I wonder what's coming that's
going to be so horrible that it has to hold me, and I have my answer when a
small single brush begins to extend itself from the wall before me. I realize in
horror that it's headed directly towards my belly button, and I try to squirm my
way out of the machine's grasp, but I can't. My eyes are riveted to the tiny
whirling brush as it moves unerringly towards its target. Instead of just
spinning, this brush spins back and forth, and a moan escapes me as it reaches
its target after what seems like an eternity. Again I am taken by the machine,
and I almost swoon as it digs out every bit of my bellybutton lint, causing
spasms of sparks that drive directly into my brain. I thought I had already
suffered pain overload, but this mechanical dominance is overwhelming my
self-control. Finally, it's over, and my eyes stay riveted on my tiny tormentor
as it disappears into the blankness of the wall. My chest heaves as I am allowed
a moment's rest, and the sweat pours down me.

	All too soon my respite is over, and a pair of doors open from above the
tv monitor. Instead of brushes, there is some kind of peculiar gadget on each
arm, with a clear hose extending back from each one into the wall. With a start
I realize that they are heading for my nipples, and my body begins to quake as I
imagine what's next. I'm proud of my breasts. They're not the biggest but
they're firm and round and my nipples are always reaching for the sky. My waist
is still held immobile by the grasping pillion behind me, but I can move my
torso enough to jiggle my tips out of the path of the reaching gadgets. The
gadgets stab forwards a couple of times unsuccessfully as I jiggle my boobs and
keep them bouncing. They retreat a few inches and the machine pauses. As it
does, I examine the gadgets in horrified fascination. Each one is a deep little
cup of clear acrylic like a tulip, and the vinyl hose exits its rear end.
Guessing that the machine is going to suck my nips into them with a vacuum, I
twist my head to look into the end of the cups. Each one is lined with little
ridges with sharp corners on the rear end. I see that they aren't hooked or
barbed, and my mind breathes a silent sigh of relief, but it's obvious they
aren't going to be pleasant. The cups are a full three inches deep, and there's
no way I can imagine what that much stretching is going to do to my precious
boobies.

	The machine tries again, launching its evil grippers towards me in a
surprise attack, but once again I am able to get my breasts bouncing enough to
thwart them. Again the machine retreats, but it is obvious it isn't going to
take 'no' for an answer. There's a deep rumble from the floor behind me, and for
the first time a picture begins to appear in the monitor. I gasp as it clears to
show a live picture of a huge, wrist-thick black dildo rising out of the floor
with my helpless asshole as its target. The surface is covered with brutal bumps
and ridges and knobs, and I shudder helplessly as I wonder if I've provoked the
machine to tear me apart with this monstrous thing.

	To my immense relief, it stops, just high enough to spread my cheeks a
bit with its enormous girth, driving the point home. I stare in horrified
fascination at the screen as I feel this threat, and my quivering rosebud is
clearly visible between my spread cheeks just above the fearsome shaft.

	With an effort of will, I still my heaving chest, and I do my best to
keep my thumping heart from causing my boobs to bounce. Sensing my surrender,
the left nipple cup advances unerringly towards my nipple as I watch it close
in. It seats itself carefully like a docking space shuttle, and there's a sudden
whoof! of sucking air and my nipple is captured by the grasping fingers. It's
not painful, it's like Bill is pinching my nipple between his fingers in our
loveplay. The other cup moves in, and the capture is repeated. As I stare at my
trapped nipples, there is a low whine from behind me as the monster dildo is
returned to its lair and the monitor goes dark once again.

	Realizing that I've avoided at least the one kind of mutilation, I stare
helplessly at my captive treasures. I don't have long to wait, because the
machine begins to assert its claim on my boobies by pulling firmly on my nips.
It's very forceful, and I feel my tender nipples being sucked further and
further into the cups with each pull. My lips push out into a gasping ohhh! as
the stimulation of the sucking pulls my tender points deeper and deeper, and the
internal ridges grasp me eagerly with each pump of the vacuum. My eyes open wide
as I see my darkening nips stretching deeper and deeper into the cups, and I
feel my nerves complaining but my fascination with the strange process is
starting to arouse me again. My breath comes faster as the machine remorselessly
completes its programmed cycle. As It does so, I get a further shocking
surprise. As my nips reach the ends of the cups, already stretched over two and
a half inches, they cover a tiny little hole, only a quarter of an inch in
diameter. The machine gives a final brutal suck on the vacuum lines, and the
very tips of my screaming nipples are trapped in a tiny little chamber at the
end of the cup.

	"Ahhh...oh... hgh!" I whine, but there is nothing I can do about it.
Once again, I've been brutally taken by the machine, and there's nothing I can
do about it. And now, it's going to abuse me some more. More hatches open in the
front panel, and a whole bunch of the dreaded bristle brushes appear as the arms
that have captured my nipples begin to pull back from my chest. With horror, I
realize that my precious breasts are about to be flayed by coarse bristles the
way the rest of me has been, but all I can do is twitch helplessly as my
glorious breasts are stretched out further and further and the brushes move in
to torment me once again. I can't help but scream helplessly, over and over, as
the brushes scrub me unmercifully, and they don't stop until they've scraped
every inch of my tender flesh in all directions.

	Finally, this, too, is over, and I am left sobbing in relief as the
brushes retract and the vacuum pressure is reversed to eject my nipples
forcefully from the cups. My body is screaming in waves of agony as I am left
hanging in the straps. I wonder what more there is to do except scrub my head
right off my neck, but it appears that is not the machine's plan.

	There is a sharp thunk, and I see a thin cable passing between my legs
from the front wall to the back. It draws taut, and a wider port opens in the
front wall around it. The cable begins to pull towards the back wall, and
suddenly I see that the thin cable is pulling a huge, braided hemp rope across
the room beneath me. It has to be more than two inches think, with layer over
layer of coarse hemp fiber making up its girth. As it passes slowly beneath me,
I have a horrible suspicion of what it in store for me next, and I stare
helplessly at the rope's excess fibers that escape its careful manufacture.



	When the massive rope is finally drawn taut beneath me, a claw descends
from the ceiling and I hear another one taking possession of the rope behind me.
These claws grasp the ends of the rope tightly and lift it up higher and higher
until it rests between my trembling thighs. The machine begins to toy with me,
relishing my helplessness, as it begins to jerk the horrid thing back and forth,
sawing it deeper and deeper into my helpless cunt and the crack of my ass.
Knowing I'm totally in its power, I plead desperately for my life as it plays
with my pain, and it's none too soon that I finally pass out, escaping into
oblivion.




The Laundromat (3) Rinse and Buff

Written by DragonFire

	With a shuddering gasp, I come to my senses again. I am surrounded by
the gray healing mist but my privates are still screaming, so it must have only
been a few merciful moments I'd been able to escape my predicament. I'm still
stretched taut in the grasp of the WASH-A-WOMAN, and it's now raped me and
violated me a half dozen different painful and humiliating ways.

	I'm still alive despite the brutal treatment, and I wonder fleetingly
what's next on its agenda. Since I can't change my destiny a whit, I still those
thoughts, because I'm only adding to my torment when I do so.

	My prison begins to echo again with the rumble of machinery, and I steel
myself against imagining what's next, for to do so would be to die a thousand
needless deaths imagining even more tortures being applied to my body. The
washer wand ports open once again, but this time the extending wands rinse me
gently and thoroughly with a gentle bath of soothingly warm water. On and on
they bathe me with their shower of gentle, relaxing water, and I feel like the
machine is asking for my forgiveness as it flushes my tormented body parts
tenderly over and over, washing away the pain sweat and pungent stink of my
fear. Even my tortured privates receive a gentle flushing that soothes my
tortured flesh. The bewitchingly soothing misting seems to go on and on, and
then the wands shift to a relaxing, pulsing massage pattern.

	I groan with a hidden meaning as the wands finally stop spurting their
healing fluid over my body. It appears my primal nature has a very short memory,
because I think it is actually looking forward to more of whatever the machine
has in store for me! My husband Bill, my daughters, they're all gone from my
thoughts as my world collapses to the important question: what is this machine
going to do to me next?

	It gives me my answer as the washing ports open again and the wands
begin to puff little clouds of powdery waxy stuff onto my skin. It doesn't take
long until I'm covered with the stuff, and the wands once again leave me alone
in the chamber.

	Once again, the floor ports open, but this time the arms extend with
soft, firm-but-fluffy pads of blue felt strips that have an entirely different
effect as they vigorously rub my legs. Instead of searing pain, I'm left with a
warm fuzzy glow as the whirling pads buff my legs to a glow. My sides are next,
then my back, and although the back buffing wheel pushes me forward to stretch
me to my limit, it's ecstasy, not torture, and as the thick ridges in the center
of the roller buff my crack, its warmth is arousing instead of torturing.
Knowing what's next in the sequence, my pussy is flooding with woman juice as
the pillion rises before me and I am once again pulled forward to present my ass
to the sky. My butt is already reaching for them as the whirling cups take
command of my ass, and my primal sex thrusts itself back against the buffing
felts as they lift me towards the orgasm I know I'm yearning for. Again and
again I thrust myself back against its burnishing touch,  and the machine gives
me the release I seek by staying in close and goading me again and again to
climax.

	Despite the waves of pleasure that wash over me again and again, I don't
pass out this time, and so as the machine once again straightens me out I'm
looking forward to its continuing attention. This time, it caresses my belly
lovingly, and when it invades my bellybutton it seems like a teasing lover's
tongue instead of a brutal rape as it was before.

	In spite of myself, I'm looking forward eagerly to discovering what the
machine's attentions to my breasts will entail. I'm still very randy from my
recent waves of multiple orgasms, and my nipples are already half erect in
anticipation of what I imagine is to come.

	Instead of the vacuum nipple cups, the entire bottom half of the front
wall opens, and a strange device advances towards me. It's a boxy thing about as
high as my chin, with two deep dark holes in its front that advance towards my
breasts, and I can't see much inside the shadowy darkness inside of them. Along
its lower front is a set of clamshell doors, and I wonder if this is an obvious
parallel to a zipper. It bulges forward quite a bit, and I decide I'm probably
right.  Finally, a slot in the ceiling opens, and a long lever drops down to
stop just where it would be reachable if my hands were free.

	There is silence as everything stops. I examine this new contraption,
but there's little more to see than I've already seen as the silence stretches.
Suddenly, there is a chick-chick! and my wrists fall of their own weight as my
hands are freed of their long imprisonment.

	The silence stretches again, and I ponder what is already clear to me.
The machine wants me to fuck myself on its toy. Given that I'm already wet with
anticipation of being fucked and used, my hands hardly hesitate as they reach
for the long lever above me. I pull, and things begin to happen. With the first
pull, the machine completes its advance towards me. A pair of padded grippers
reach out around my waist to pull me close like a dancer does. As it pulls me
close, my breasts disappear into its dark pits as another gripper comes out and
encircles my neck. As I stare over the new machine's top, I am startled as a
smiley face appears on the video screen before me. Everything stops, and I sense
that it's waiting for my next pull. I reach up and drag the lever firmly down.

	The first thing that happens is that the grippers holding my waist slip
down to capture my butt cheeks. As they pull me firmly against the robot's
bulge, they spread me wide once again. Since my feet are still trapped in the
high-heeled platforms, there's little I can do to avoid the robot's obvious
erotic intentions. As I adjust to this new confrontation, my hidden breasts are
entrapped in a net of quickly tightening straps that surround their bases.
Although I attempt to jerk away, I am held completely helpless against the
device. As my entrapped boobies begin to swell, I stare helplessly at the silent
smiling face. The room again becomes silent, and the silence stretches as the
machine waits for me to give it permission once again to advance upon me.

	The silence continues to stretch as I realize with horror that the
machine has not presented me with any other options to choose. It will stand
there forever and wait for me to pull the lever again, and I doubt it cares if I
starve while denying that permission. Realizing that I am now completely
defeated, I reach up and once again drag the lever down. The straps tighten
still further around the bases of my breasts, and I imagine them swelling to
fill the inside of the diabolical robot. Suddenly I feel a familiar whup! and my
left nipple is once again captured within a nipple cup. A moment, and the right
one joins it in captivity. There is a mechanical thunk, and I feel doors pulling
open right where my pussy is held against the robot's bulge and they hold my
pussy lips apart, but, after that, nothing happens. It's time to pull the lever
again, and I do so. Not only can I not stop this, I've got to admit I'm also
totally horny and looking forward to the fucking that's obviously headed my way.

	There's a whirring vibration against my groin as a new device invades my
privates. It's a rounded shoe-like vibrator, and I hardly need it to make me
gush more as it teases me higher and higher, sliding up and down and making me
grind my hips against it.  My clit begins to come out of hiding as my arousal
increases, and I concentrate on forcing my clit into the vibrator to gain
release. Teasing me, it stays just out of reach, buzzing up and down my labia.

	As I'm just about to scream in frustration, the vacuum cups begin to
suck my nipples deep inside themselves, and the action is even more brutal than
before as my swollen breast-flesh strains against their insistent sucking. In my
incredibly aroused state, the pain becomes pleasure and all I can think of is
getting more. I reach up and yank the lever down again.

	My tortured breasts stretch out into cones as the nipple cups stretch
them out. There's a whir inside the robot's chest and I start to feel long
straps of felt whipping against my swollen breasts as they are slapped and
buffed by these new wheels of torment. Again, I want only more, and I strain to
force my swollen cunt against the vibrator and the robot's bulge. There's
another click-click, and suddenly my ankles are free. In a horny reflex, I swing
my legs up and lock them around the robot's waist, bucking my widespread pussy
against the vibrator as hard as I can. Once again, everything stops, and I pull
down once again.

	There's another vibrating whir from between the doors holding my pussy
gaping open, and my eyes bulge as I feel another vacuum cup attaching itself to
my clit. There's nothing I can do about it, and nothing else moves to distract
me as this new torment slowly and deliberately attaches itself to my most tender
morsel. Its first swift suck has me bucking terribly, but I have nowhere to go.
All I can do is cry out helplessly as the machine abuses me. Remorselessly, it
continues its deliberate sucking, drawing my clit out further and further. With
each sucking pull, my nerves explode as the internal ridges grasp roughly at my
tender flesh. When it makes its final brutal move, I scream myself to hoarseness
as it traps the very tip of my love bud in its torture chamber. As my body
quivers in shock and pain, the machine once again becomes silent. I give myself
a little time to recover my breath, but all I can think of now is getting
through this. I pull the lever.

	With sudden force, the nipple cups expel my breasts and the horrid clit
cup pushes me away. The strap net around my breasts releases me, and my whole
body throbs as my tits and clit recover from the brutal treatment. The grippers
clamped around my ass cheeks lift me up, and I feel a vibration as the rest of
the robot's bulge falls open. Helplessly, I stare at the silly smiling face on
the video monitor, and it smiles back. I look down, striving to see what's
emerging from the bulge, but the robot's holding me too close. Its grippers
begin to lower me, and I have an awful suspicion as my swollen labia make
contact with and start to be stretched by a very thick, blunt object. As I
realize that the machine's about to fuck me with the huge black dildo it had
threatened me with before, I began to sob my dismay, but the heartless machine
continues to rub the horrid thing up and down my slit. Sensing that I'm not
getting aroused, the machine starts the dildo buzzing and rotating.

	Somehow, this thing seems almost human. It's not going to wait for me to
pull the lever any more, and it starts to press against me with its own urgency.
The thick cock begins to angle itself deeper and deeper in my slit, and I resign
myself to the fact that I'm about to be raped by this horrible monster. Hoping
to spare myself the pain of being torn apart I do my best to recapture my
earlier arousal. It seems that the machine senses that I'm not in the mood, and
it once again pulls my breasts into itself. The huge cock continues to stroke my
slit, but at least it's not forcing its way into me any more. The nipple cups
again attach themselves to my breasts, but their sucking is gentler now. It's as
if the machine is begging me to let it love me! Yeah, right, I say to myself.
Not a chance, bolthead!

	Sensing that I'm still unswayed, it tries another tack. As the huge
dildo continues to stroke, vibrate and buzz my slit, the clit cup reaches out
and grabs me again before I can pull away. This time, its stroking is long and
slow, and my exhaustion-fogged brain tells me it's doing its best to love me.
Since my cunt is still aching for another release, I begin to slide towards
letting it fuck me. I know it's just a machine, but I let my tired mind convince
me that its insistence is as intelligent as my husband's desire to fornicate,
and I don't resist as it again starts to press its huge cock against me. It
feels my acquiescence, and its motion becomes more eager. The huge dildo begins
to press more insistently against my labia.  Somehow, I've gotten in the mode to
allow myself to be fucked, and I no longer register that this monster is as big
as my arm.  My pussy wants to get fucked, and that's all that matters now! The
robot's thrusts are stronger and stronger, and it tilts me back just that slight
extra bit that makes its monster cock drive itself deep inside me. My eyes bulge
as it pulls me down deeper and deeper onto the monster dildo, and my mind buzzes
as the ridges and bumps drag themselves across my tender flesh as the evil
device continues to rotate. In my fuckable state, I choose to feel all of this
as erotic, and I see myself tumbling forward, willy-nilly, as the massive orgasm
overtakes me.

	Mercifully, I cease to remember time.




The Laundromat (4) Top Loader

Written by DragonFire

	I'd waited a whole week before coming back, and I hadn't said a thing to
anyone about my amazing experince in the back of the laundromat. My husband
Bill'd hardly noticed that I'd been gone all day Sunday, and my daughters had
made themselves PB&J and gone off to their dance lesson without a thought.

	What did I think? The week had gone by in a daze, where everything but
the machine's mastery of my body seemed somehow unreal. I'd fingered myself
incessantly almost non-stop as soon as everyone was gone from the house. I
remembered waking in a comfortable bed with my clothes on and my wash piled and
folded in stacks beside me. My body felt awful: pummeled and stretched and
scraped and reamed, all at once, but all I could think of was how the machine
had taken me and used me in such powerful ways. I've never had such powerful
orgasms.

	I'm back for more. Once again, there's noone in the laundromat at this
early hour. Bypassing the front completely, I resolutely push my way through the
door that says "ABSOLUTELY NO ADMITTANCE". This time, there's no gas awaiting
me, and the rear door clicks and swings open. With no hesitation, I push my way
through it. There's a familiar video screen on the wall to my right, next to
another door.

WELCOME TO WASH-A-WOMAN, SHIRLEY TALBOT.

PLEASE REMOVE ALL CLOTHING AND PLACE IN HAMPER

TO YOUR LEFT.

	Looking down, I see a hatch on the wall which obviously is the hamper
drawer. Quickly I skin out of my exercise stretchies, delicates and soft soles
and place them in the hamper. I eagerly reach for the new door, but the knob
doesn't turn.

PLEASE REMOVE ALL ARTICLES OF CLOTHING!

	I realize that I still have my wedding ring on, but I have only a
moment's hesitation before I pull it off and toss it into the hamper on top of
my clothes. This time, the knob turns and I push on, my naked body already
beginning to flush with sexual desire as I skip through.

	I'm in a small empty chamber with a curtain at one end. In front of my
there's a strange contraption that looks a lot like a round laundry basket, made
of brown rubber-coated steel, suspended in a framework mounted on wheels. The
basket has no bottom, and its rim is halfway between knee- and waist-high. The
familiar video screen blinks.

PLEASE BE SEATED IN BASKET

	With some trepidation, I walk around to the front of the device, eyeing
it warily. It sits there without moving, and I realize that I'm here to let the
machine do what it will with me. I turn, and ease my butt over the rim of the
basket, gingerly holding on as I allow myself to slide down completely into it,
with my elbows and knees hooked over the sides. I'm folded almost in half, with
my knees up against my breasts. The video screen gives another instruction.

PLEASE KEEP ARMS IN BASKET.

	Realizing that this is the point of no return, I slowly lift my arms,
and my body sinks deeper into the embrace of the contraption. My knees lift of
their own accord, and I give myself fully to the device. My pussy is tingling as
I anticipate what the open bottom of the basket implies for my privates, hanging
down almost to the floor beneath the open frame. With a jerk, my conveyance
starts forward, and the curtain parts before me. A soundproof door rolls back,
and I hear the rumble of washing machines at work mixed with the gasps of women
being fucked as I enter a largish room with a long row of what appear to be top
loading washing machines. I'm startled by the sight of a number of
basket-encased females bobbing up and down in the machines. They're all bobbing
up and down at different rates, and with every downward stroke, their eyes bulge
and they gasp. Seeing the length of the drop, my pussy throbs and my nipples
stiffen. As I roll down the aisle between the rows of bobbing women, I realize
that there are some who aren't bobbing up and down, and I look into the
straining face of one, a pretty Mexican chulita with puffy lips. I can see that
she's being worked just as hard as her breath hisses out between parted lips.
Her eyes rolled up, she'd oblivious to me as I roll by. My pussy's really
juicing now, and I lick my lips in anticipation of what's to come. My carrier
stops in front of an open machine, and a skyhook comes down on silent cables to
lift my basket over the open top of the machine. I strain to sneak a peek down
in, but my own legs obstruct my view forward. The basket lowers into the
machine, and the skyhook retreats.

	With a familiar shift-clunk! the cycle begins. My pussy is almost
boiling with desire as the machine starts to vibrate with the resonance of a
growl. Something's rising up beneath me, and my sopping pussy offers no
resistance as it pushes my swollen labia apart and enters me. I feel two
inch-thick cock heads entering me simultaneously and I realize with a start that
a strange new sensation means they spiral around a common center. They get
thicker as they force their way higher, too, and my pussy begins to stretch
around them. They stop moving just three inches into my love box, and my pussy
enfolds them greedily, my soft insides collapsing around the twists. My love
nectar is gushing freely down the fluted valleys between the two dildoes as my
breathing quickens. I can't help it; I want this machine to fuck me and fuck me
now!

	There's another clunk and a deep vibration as a large motor starts to
turn the agitator. The twists of the twin spiraling dildoes pull at my cunt
walls as the machine draws me slowly but effortlessly down onto it. My butt is
pulled deeper and deeper into the machine as the spiraling flutes drive
themselves deep into my vagina. My head tilts back and my lips gasp out a silent
"Ohhh..." as the machine takes me for the first time. There has to be at least
eight inches of the twin cocks buried in my pussy, and it's alive with
stretching and filling sensations. The agitator slows to a stop, and the whine
of the motor rises as it reverses direction. This time, the spirals push me up
off of it, and my eyelids flutter as the tips of the dildoes diddle my outer
cunt lips before the agitator stops moving again and I settle back down onto it.
In the pause before it starts up again, I feel my body sinking down onto it with
my own weight, and I glory in the sensation as my cunt slowly fills with the
slick, unbending double cock.

	The agitator starts to turn again, dragging my pussy down onto it
forcefully. More and more, my pussy stretches to handle the thickening shafts,
and I realize that I'm past the eight inch mark and going deeper. All I can feel
is the joy of being fully fucked as my body is split by the twin driving cocks.
As the machine reverses again and pushes me up, I feel my heart fluttering and
the flashes starting and my tightly compressed body shakes with what I'm sure is
only the first of many orgasms as the dildoes drag me down onto them for the
third stroke. "Ohhhh..hhh...hhh...."

	Down and down I go, and I feel my tight nipple points digging into my
thighs as my body shudders in glorious orgasm. Instead of getting thicker, the
twin dildoes narrow rapidly as I near the bottom of the drum. I feel like I've
got a football inside of me, I think as my butt cheeks finally touch bottom. My
vagina closes tightly around them, clinging to the steely stalks that are giving
it so much pleasure. There's a full foot of them inside of me now, and I feel
the twin tips pushing hard against the gateway to my womb. Remembering the
brutality of my first rape session at the laundromat, I breathe a silent sigh of
relief that I've finally bottomed out. I'm definitely full enough to satisfy me,
and my tender pussy is stretched painfully by the twin cocks.

	It's time for another upstroke, and I sense the machine turning faster
as it thrusts my burning cunt up off of it. There's barely a pause to breathe as
it stops and reverses course at the top of its stroke. The dildoes claw
demandingly at my cunt flesh as the agitator drags me forcefully down onto it,
impaling me fully once again, and the machine settles into an unstoppable
driving tempo as it thrusts itself into me again and again. My cunt rockets to
another smashing orgasm as I'm stretched to the limit again and again and it
pounds me with its steel cock meat. My body bobs up and down quicker and
quicker, and my gasping cries join those of the other orgasming women as the top
loader fucks me again and again!

	Finally it slows, and my chest heaves as the machine slowly lifts me up
and down its length. My cunt feels gloriously used, and my diaphragm is still
fluttering with the echoes of my last orgasm. It seems that it's slowing
completely to a stop, but as I reach the crest of one final push, and it
reverses course and slowly pulls me steadily downward once again. There's a
click and a growl beneath me, then a clunk, as I am drawn downward with a steady
pull. At the seven-inch point, I feel a new sensation pushing its way between my
butt cheeks. The spiral dildoes continue to tug me downward, and as I drop I
feel the greasy tip of another intruder prodding at my asshole. Helplessly, I
try to clench, but my steady downward motion drives the rapidly widening blunt
tip of the plug remorselessly against my anal ring. Just as I feel my sphincter
starting to stretch, the mighty machine stops and reverses course, and I gasp in
grateful relief as the spiral dildoes lift me off it and up to the top of the
stroke.

	My relief is short-lived as the machine once again draws me down onto
the plug. I feel a thick coating of grease lining my anus from its first
thrusting intrusion, and this time the machine continues to force me downward
onto the unmoving invader. As my sphincter begins to stretch around its widening
girth, I tilt my head back with a loud wail of anguish, and the action causes my
butt to push itself down even harder onto the intruding monster. I yelp as my
asshole closes around the base of the massive plug, and i realize that it now
holds me firmly stuck to the bottom of the drum.

	All motion stops, and my racing heart quivers as I realize that I'm now
set for the second cycle of mechanical rape. The top loader is not quite done
preparing me, though, and the machine whirs as something small lifts itself out
of the base of the drum between my brutally stretched cunt lips. I feel it
probing at my upper slit, and with a shock I realize it's a small brush that's
aiming for my clit. Up til now, my clit has been out of the stimulation picture
except for the stretching and pulling caused as the massive double-dildo fucked
my cunt, but as the little brush insistently probes at my treasure's protective
hood, my body begins to gush again with erotic thoughts as I realize the
possibilities of this new mechanical feature, and my clit begins to come out to
play.

	Another massive clunk shakes the machine, and the agitator once again
begins to turn. This time, however, with my body pinned to the bottom of the
drum, it can't lift me up, and I feel the flutes twisting deep within my body as
they force my cunt walls out of their way. My hips attempt to twist with the
motion of the agitator, but I am stopped by the unmoving pillar stuck up my ass,
and all that happens is that the little brush whisks tauntingly across my clit.
The agitator reverses, and I feel the massive dildoes clutching at my insides on
what used to be the down-stroke. Again my asshole tugs at the base of the
intruder as I strain to turn, but again all that happens is the maddening little
brush whisking across my clit.

	

	The mechanical agitator picks up speed and it jerks my body left and
right with determined strokes, and the massive dildoes work their way around
unstoppably inside of my straining pussy. As the machine picks up speed, its
twisting strokes drag the tiny brush across my nubbin again and again!

	I've never in my life been fucked like this! I rock my hips in time with
the machine's twisting thrusts to bring the devilish little brush more and more
into contact with my rising clit as it swells with the blood of hot desire. The
top loader's rocking as it gets fully into the rhythm of its mechanical cycle,
and my eyes glaze over as the twisting fullness yanking my pussy insides around
blends with the tearing pulls on my anal ring, and the intense, whipping strikes
of the tiny clit brush put me over the top into another shuddering climax that
goes on and on and on...

	Finally, the machine slows to a halt, and I'm left huffing with the
afterglow of the huge climax as I catch my breath. With a whine, the clit brush
retreats back into the machine, and I grunt with anguished surprise as it yanks
the massive butt plug out of my ass in one pull, leaving my ass burning and
clenching in shock. I hear an empty basket cart rolling up to the front of the
machine, and once again the skyhook lowers to grasp the rim of my basket cage.
The crane lifts me up slowly, and I feel every twist of the dildoes as I am
drawn up off of them for the last time. I imagine my swollen pussy hanging down
beneath the basket as the skyhook lowers me into the cart.

	Still twitching from the passionate release, I wonder what the dry
cycle's like...




The Laundromat (5) Dry Cleaning

Written by DragonFire

	The cart carries my basket-caged body out of the top loader room, and it
turns a corner and enters another room through a silently sliding door. This
room is filled with hisses and whooshes of escaping steam, and again I hear
moaning gasps and muffled cries from women undergoing unknown processes. The
cart stops before an empty machine, and my basket splits in half as I am lowered
to the ground. I tumble out awkwardly, my legs cramped from their long
confinement and, if truth be told, from my muscular straining as I orgasmed
again and again on the thrusting double dildoes of the top loader.

	I roll to my feet, wobbling a bit and look around. The open machine in
front of me looks a lot like a coffin, so I quickly look away to examine one
that's next to me, grunting along as it works over its captive female. All I can
see is her head, sticking out of the top of the coffin-like device, which is now
horizontal. Now that it's flat, I'm reminded of a dry-cleaning press, and to
confirm that impression, a whoosh... hiss! escapes from somewhere inside of it.
Her head jerks in response, and I walk around to the front of the machine to see
what I can of her bondage.

	She's a gorgeous brunette, almost as pretty as I am, with her long brown
hair piled up on top of her head. Her head is cranked back by the tension of a
device like a horse's bit strapped into her mouth. Instead of a metal rod for a
bit, the captive's mouth is filled with a large red rubber ball, puffing her
cheeks out. With a rumble, a large boxy structure rolls forward on tracks over
the part of the press where her midsection is, but I can't see what it's doing
to her. All I know is that her eyes bulge out and she gurgles spittle as the
machine torments her in some unknown fashion, and she's covered with sweat. The
boxy thing retreats again towards her feet, and once again I hear the whoosh...
hiss! of air coming from underneath. I look down, but again the diabolical
mechanisms are hidden from view by cloaking black sheet metal.

	Backing away and turning my head to avoid her straining face, I can't
close my ears to the piteous gasps that surround me. This is just too much, and
my eyes seek a way out of this torture chamber. There's another door to the
side, and I run to it as quickly as I can. I hesitate for a second, but anything
seems better to me than this. I yank the door open and slam it shut behind me!
My heart pounding I whirl around, and I see that there are two things in this
room: my old friend the robot and a padded leather pillion like a vaulting
horse. The robot glides out from behind the pillion, and I see with mounting
dismay that his huge black dildo-cock is already extended from its hangar, in
full rampant display. I whirl to the door again, but it's locked itself behind
me.

	Taking advantage of that moment, the robot dashes across the room and
grabs my waist from behind. It lifts me off the floor, and my wildly kicking
feet do it no damage as at clasps my back to its chest and turns with me to the
pillion. Slamming me down across it with a whuff! of forced breath, I lay draped
across it in helpless fear as it holds my waist immobile. My fear builds as
something extends out from below and kicks my legs wide apart, and I start to
scream as I feel the massive cock head thrusting forward to position itself at
my asshole. I try to struggle, but the unfeeling machine keeps me in place with
little effort, and it begins to drive the massive dildo forward into my tender
rear entrance.

	My butt hole is still greasy from the top loader, and it's the only
thing that allows me to take the monster without tearing wide open. There's
nothing I can do except scream in pain as the relentless robot inches the
horrible thing into my ass. I feel each horrid ridge and bump as they drag
through my clinging, tortured sphincter, and my asshole fills with it as the
robot forces all of the brutal thing into me.

	Finally it's in, I realize as I whimper in anguished pain. My butt
cheeks are planted firmly against the front of the robot's metal shell, and my
ass is merely screaming instead of shrieking in pain as it had been during the
violation.

	I'm now fully impaled, and the robot releases my waist, holding me
against the pillion with his bulk. His grippers reach out under my chest, and
before I realize it they've trapped my heaving breasts in their grasp. It lifts
my torso up to a forty-five degree angle and drags me away from the pillion. I
feel like a mascot mounted on the front of a sailing ship as the robot turns
with me towards the door I'd entered through. As it clicks open before his
advance, the horrible thing begins to lift me and drop me, thrusting the massive
black pole deeper into my ass, but I stop struggling as it squeezes my tits in
painfully crushing warning.

	The machine glides across the room with me and I feel all the women's
sympathetic eyes upon me as it deposits me on the floor in front of the open
machine. I wonder how many of them made the same awful choice I did, and
suffered the same punishment. The robot drags the terrible dildo out of my ass
with an audible plop, and I stagger as it releases me. I turn to look at it, but
there's no face to look at. It just stands there implacably, reminding me that I
truly have no choice but to submit myself to whatever my master the machine
orders. Resigned, I turn to the open coffin in front of me.

	There's a woman-shaped cutout in the inner lining of the device, with
front and back in the main portion and the top door. As I saw before, it extends
only neck-high and it's obvious where my head is intended to go. A pair of
breast high holes in the front and a figure-8 shaped hole for my rear show me
which way I'm expected to step up into the box. For a moment I study the square
opening in the front section where my hips will go with concern, but the looming
bulk of the robot behind me -- and my burning behind -- remind me that I don't
have much choice. I shudder as I wonder what would happen to me if I refuse
twice!

	Screwing up my courage, I step up into the box and insert my feet into
the holes provided. There's lots of slop in the space around me, and I lay my
arms in the slots provided. There are grips for my hands to grasp, and I take
advantage of them as the heavy door hisses shut around me and latches, leaving
only my head exposed. My question about the extra space is answered as the
hissing thump of a compressor starts to pump the lining full of hot air. The
increasing pressure on my back forces my breasts to stick out through the holes
in front, and I can see my nipples sticking bravely out in front of me, and I
begin to sweat as the fuzzy lining material heats up around me.

	With the silence of heavy hydraulics, the entire coffin tilts forward,
and my brave little titties disappear into the mysterious contraption. As my
body tilts forward, I see a pair of arms holding up the straps of the ball gag
before my face. I decide not to try to avoid it, since the normal operation of
the machine appears to be punishing enough, and I grab the ball like I'm biting
on an apple. A big apple it is, and as I continue to the horizontal position the
taut straps pull it firmly behind my teeth and draw my head back.

	

	There's a mechanical rumble, and I feel a firm, padded lump press firmly
against my pussy. A thick, wide leather mushroom like a saddle horn begins to
force its way into my cunt. Since I'm dry, the tough leather scrapes at my
tender privates. It isn't that tall, and my body surges with relief as it
finally pops inside and my cunt lips close around its narrow stalk. The devilish
thing has another design wrinkle, however, and I feel my cunt lips spreading
around a pair of narrow ridges edged with raw leather and lacing that extend
forward from the mushroom stalk, and I suffer from the realization that my clit
is not going to escape from torment in this machine. The saddle continues to
lift under me, but now I feel the rest of it making contact with my mons. Rising
irresistibly, the saddle forces my beautiful bubble butt up into the hole
provided for it, arching my spine. I imagine the sight a watcher would see, my
twin globes of tender clear flesh rising defenselessly out of the grim, dark
gray metal of the coffin.

	An electric forklift moves in to set the mysterious box on top of my
machine, and it covers my naked ass. The saddle horn begins to vibrate strongly,
teasing me, but then the action shifts to the front of the machine as it
prepares my tits for their treatment. I can't see anything happening, but the
noise tells me something's coming. I'm right, and I jerk as something like a
thick rubber sleeve snaps into place around my breasts, one at a time. They
cling tightly but not painfully to the base of my pears, but not to my aureoles
or nipples.

	I'm left in silence to ponder my fate, sweating and baking in the hot
lining and enduring the buzz of the saddle horn. Bored, I begin to work my cunt
against the horn, rocking my pubes against the ridges of the saddle. The horn
gives me a satisfying fullness as it scratches my insides. It isn't deep like a
cock, and it stretches me in new ways I'm starting to find erotic. My juices
start to flow, and I begin to tease my clit with the ridges.

	There's a rumble behind me, and I realize I'm about to find out the
secret of the rolling box. Suddenly, my cheeks are seared by a really hot
felt-covered roller, but it barely grazes me as it passes over. Even so, my hips
buck as wildly as they can in their confinement, driving me up and down on the
saddle horn. The box retreats, and my butt feels the heat of the roller as it
passes safely over.

	The first whoosh of air is next, and my eyes go wide as the stretchy
sleeves fill with scalding steam. I yelp in muffled anguish as the clinging
rubber transfers the awful heat directly to my breast flesh, and I can feel them
start to bake. The sleeves continue to fill with steam, compressing my tits.
Finally the hiss comes, and the pressure releases. As the steam escapes back
into the machine, the terrible heat on my breast flesh begins to abate and I
groan in relief behind the gag.

	The cycle begins again, and the rumbling box starts to move. The roller
makes contact a fraction lower, and again my hips buck wildly as the searing
pain lasts a little longer. The steam cycle is even more intense, and it seems
that the steaming rubber squeezes my tits even tighter. I feel my nipples
reaching forward in the only direction they can go as my tit flesh bakes.
Finally, the hiss of release comes.

	Again the box irons my butt with the searing hot roller, and again the
pain lasts a fraction longer as I buck my butt in anguished pain. The scalding
heat of the steam grabs my breasts and again it squeezes them even tighter. I
jerk in surprise as one of my outstretched nipples makes contact with something
in front of it that seems to cling for an instant. The release comes, and all I
can think of is the relief from the baking, scalding heat.

	The roller bears down even harder, and my hips bounce helplessly up and
down between the searing pain and the gouging saddle horn. I'm starting to fall
into a sweaty, delirious daze, and it seems only an instant before the shock of
the hot steam squeezes my tits again. Harder, again, and I come back to full
consciousness to see if I can figure out what new torment awaits my nipples.
This time, both nipples make contact and I feel the teasing grasp of something,
but as the air valve releases, my nipples once again escape.

	The box irons my butt with deliberate but unfeeling energy. Each time it
passes, the roller hits a little lower, and now it's starting to roll my gluteal
flesh in a wave before it, extending my torment. As my tortured butt does
everything it can do to escape, my cunt grinds itself down onto the hard leather
saddle horn. Unable to stop myself, my mindless grinding is causing the evil
ridges to dig into the hood surrounding my clitoris, and the stimulation is
bringing it awake in spite of the waves of pain that rock my body. In my dazed
stat, I realize that the machine is once again going to abuse me into a
shattering climax.

	

	Right now, I'm nowhere near that and I can't even conceive of the
possibility of orgasmic release in the midst of all this torment, but I know the
machine is patient. Once again the scalding steam whooshes through the lines and
fills the rubber sleeves. Its scalding grip bears down harder and harder on my
baking tit flesh, and my nipples reach forward and I feel them pushing apart the
teeth of some sort of spring-loaded gripper with serrated jaws of hard rubber.
As the release comes, the grasping jaws pull free, but I know it's only a matter
of a few more cycles at best before my nips are trapped in that grip.

	Again the cycle begins, and now my deranged mind is looking for ways to
overlay my torment with the thrill of being sexually conquered by my mechanical
master. As the box rolls over me, I strain to lift my butt as high as I can,
imagining that the masterful machine is spanking my beautiful butt cheeks with
the hot roller, and as I lift up and press back, my clit itself begins to buck
back and forth between the exposed leather ridges, and as I rub its tender flesh
raw, sparks of its pain mix with my crazed, building ecstasy, and I grind my
cunt down even harder on the brutal leather. My cunt is awash with woman juice
and I'm bucking the saddle horn around inside of me with mindless abandon. My
nipples stiffen into rock-hard points as I realize I'm once again being brutally
fucked to climax by the diabolical machine, and I discover that I love this wave
of craziness that I'm riding.

	Again the steam hits, and it's as if the machine has decided that this
cycle will be the one that it entraps my nipples. The scalding rubber sleeves
squish my tits like toothpaste tubes, and my erect nipples shoot forward into
the jaws of the waiting grippers! The force of their entry causes the retainer
clips to release, and the grippers claim my stiff nipples like dogs biting down
on juicy meat bones. My eyes bulge, and my lips emit a gurgling scream as I ram
my clit down into the cruelly serrated leather's grasp again and again.

	Sensing my surrender, the machine speeds up! With my nipples trapped in
the grasp of the grippers, the steam begins to pulse faster and faster, mashing
my abused tits and causing the grippers to tear at my nipple flesh like a dog
worrying a bone. Through my haze of pain, I buck myself as hard as I can against
the saddle horn and its tearing ridges of hard leather. The box has redoubled
its efforts as well, and now it's frying my butt in both directions, forcing me
down brutally onto the saddle horn. My hips are juddering as my eyes bulge out
of my head, and finally the crashing explosion of my long-delayed release
engulfs me. I wail past the huge rubber ball gag as the machine conquers me once
again!

	The steam stops, the roller box stops, and even the saddle horn stops
buzzing, but my sweaty body continues to grunt and thrust and pull itself
against the saddle horn and nipple grippers, staying clear only of the vicious
clit stimulator. As I spin off into delirious nothingness, I wonder crazily if
I'll ever be able to get excited by a normal fucking again...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DragonFire


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





