BDSM Library - Slave to Hooters Waitresses




Slave to Hooters Waitresses
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dave got more than he expected when he responded to a mystery e mail from a hooters  restaurant waitress offering him sex.  He soon found himslf IN BONDAGE forced to serve the mystery girl and her girl friend as they worked to train him into being a perfect sex slave.Slave to Hooters Waitresses 
Chapter one I become a slave 
As a college student I had to take any job I could get to make some extra
  cash working part time. Being a bus boy at Hooters was not exactly intellectual
  but on the other hand you got to work with some great looking girls.  
After working there for about a week I went home and started to check my
  e mail. There was a message from this person calling herself "mystery girl
  at hooters" from hotmail. Naturally I was curious and opened the message which
  said:  
"You do not know who I am but I am one of the girls at Hooters where you
  work. I and another girl who works with us think you are cute and want to get
  together with you for some weird and kinky sex games. If you are interested
  just reply and I will get back in touch with you."  
Well of course I was interested and sent an e-mail reply right away. I kept
  checking my e mail all the next day but there was no reply and I went to work
  in an excited state of agitation. Every time a waitress smiled at me I wondered
  if she was the girl but was afraid to say anything. If I picked the wrong girl
  out of the 15 at the restaurant I might mess up the whole thing. When I got
  home that night there was a new e mail from mystery waiting for me:  
"You were really cute at work tonight trying to figure out who I am. I will
  give you a hint by telling you I am a blond. What I want to now know is if
  you are really adventurous. My friend and I like to play games called "slave
  orgasms" and would like to know if this interests you. Send me an answer."  
I was puzzled about what a slave orgasm was and thought I should ask about
  this. I knew I found it exciting as it made my dick very hard just reading
  the e-mail. So I sent a reply saying I was very interested but also asked what
  a "slave orgasm was."  
When I went to work that night I found I was staring at every blond waitress
  in the place as I was of course just dying to know who mystery might be. Eight
  of the 15 or so waitresses were blond and in looking at them I came to the
  conclusion it did not matter much. Every one of them, thanks to Hooter's policy,
  was young and pretty and had great tits. Two girls however stood out above
  the rest. Cindy had big, beautiful blue eyes and a pair of big bee sting lips;
  even more pronounced than those that my favourite actress Julia Roberts has.
  The there was Pat who had the greatest pair of legs you have ever seen. In
  a way I was sad because a couple of the brunette waitresses were really cute
  and hot as well. But then I remembered that Mystery had only said she was blond
  and any of the other girls could be her partner in this sex game as no details
  about the other girl had been provided.  
It was hard for me to fall asleep that night as I kept fantasizing about
  who Mystery might be and what a slave orgasm was. So when I got up in the morning
  I was tired, excited and horny as I opened up my e-mail to see if there was
  another message from Mystery. My heart leapt into my throat when I found that
  a new message had arrived. In fact I was so excited that I had to try twice
  before I could open the message which said:  
"Dear Dave  
You were cute at work last night trying to figure out who I am and of course
  you had no clues at all who the other girl, my partner in this adventure, might
  be. Let me answer your question as to what a slave orgasm is.  
The idea here is that my partner and I will give you all the orgasms you
  can handle each and every day and in every way. You will get hand jobs, blow
  jobs, get your balls sucked and will get fucked in every position you have
  ever thought of and many others as well. The only condition is that you agree
  to be our boy toy sex slave and agree to everything we request we make, no
  matter what it is.  
Now, we need to check and see if you are capable of being a slave and taking
  orders. This is important as it is your slavery that will turn us on and it
  is what we want to have before we give you all these beautiful orgasms. We
  need a boy toy to do whatever we want and whenever we want it. More than that,
  both of us like to be dominant.  
So here is your little test. I want you at exactly at 1100 this morning to
  be standing totally nude on your balcony and with your portable phone in your
  hand. I will phone you with your next instruction as to how this fun game can
  start. If you agree, just send the word "yes" now to me in an e mail."  
Without stopping to think and almost in a trance I clicked reply, typed in
  the word yes and clicked send. My God, I had slept in and noticed it was now
  only 15 minutes before eleven. Had I sent he message in time? The all of a
  sudden another e-mail came in that said "message received you only have ten
  minutes to get nude and get on the balcony.  
Once again in a trance I started to undress, all the time wondering what
  was I doing getting nude on the balcony where others night see me. I had not
  until now reflected on the fact that it was only a few degrees above zero outside.
  But then I thought of the promise that I would get all the orgasms I wanted
  and finished stripping picked up my portable phone and walked out on the balcony.
  I huddled next to the wall so it was hard to see me and waited shivering.  
At exactly eleven my portable phone rang and a girl said in a sexy voice "I
  will say little to keep you guessing who I am. Step out into the middle of
  the balcony where I can see you and masturbate until you come. This is your
  first of many orgasms."  
She must have been standing or at least was located where she could see me.
  Maybe she was in the big apartment building next door. Anyway, with a dick
  hard with excitement I stepped into the middle of the balcony and started to
  play with myself. Even though I was outside and nude, it was not hard to come.
  The scene was so sexy and the thought of one of those cute blonds at hooters
  watching me aroused me so much I came very quickly.  
As I finished my orgasm, the voice in the portable phone said "good for you,
  slave. Go back and read the next e mail and do what it says. I see you could,
  with training, make a good male slave for us."  
I almost ran to the computer and saw there was a new e-mail from Mystery,
  which said  
"Dear slave  
Welcome to the wonderful sex games I and my friend have arranged, and I hope
  you enjoyed your first orgasm. I will personally give you the next one. If
  you follow these instructions, we can start our fun right after work tonight.
  Besides, it is a little late for you to back down now. I live in the apartment
  building right across from you and two floors up. The videotape of you nude
  and jerking off on the balcony should ensure your future cooperation. Here
  slave are your instructions.  
Print off the attachment to this e mail which is a slave contract from you
  to me. Sign it and put it in an envelope and then slide it under the door of
  the girls' locker room at Hooters. Wait a minute or two and then an envelope
  of how and when we will get started this very night will be slipped back under
  the door to you."  
With trembling hands, I opened the attachment which read as follows.  
The undersigned agrees to be the total sex slave for (blank) and (Blank).
  More specifically:  
 
   
    The undersigned slave agrees
      to perform any act or do anything either of the two girls tells him to
      do, and to do so without hesitation.  
   
   
    The slave agrees to perform
      sex acts on anyone who is female who either of us tell the slave to serve
      or allow any female to have him as her slave if we so order.  
   
   
    Without limiting anything
      else in this agreement, the slave agrees to be tied up in any manner we
      want, to be whipped or beaten in any way we want and to be humiliated in
      any way we want.  
   
   
    Furthermore, the slave agrees
      to serve us as above at any time and in any place we want.  
   
 
The contract can be cancelled by either of us at any time but the slave may
  not cancel this contract but will serve us as long as we want."  
I saw the girls had cleverly left spaces for their names so I still did not
  know who they were and of course by slipping the contract under the locker
  room door I would not find out until I met them face to face. Also I was signing
  away my life and the only restriction was that I could not be made to serve
  anyone but a female. But then I thought this will be the adventure of a lifetime
  and what choice did I have now as the girl had a video of me jerking off on
  the balcony totally nude.  
So I printed the contract off signed it and put it in an envelope. I also
  sent as requested an e mail back saying that I would slip the contract under
  the girls' locker room door as soon as I arrived at work and would wait for
  an envelope back with my next instructions.  
I was very excited about going to work and the time seemed to pass very slowly.
  However finally the time came, and as I went into the employee entrance I turned
  to the right and went to the door of the locker room for the girls and slipped
  the envelope containing the slave contract I had signed under the door. I could
  hear the sound of tearing paper and guessed whoever was there was opening the
  envelope to check that a signed contract was inside. It took all the will power
  I had not to push the door open to see who the mystery girl was just near me
  on the other side of the door. After a short time an envelope was pushed back
  to me and I picked it up. I headed straight for the men's locker and locked
  myself in a toilet  
I opened the envelope and inside found a key and one piece of paper which
  said "this is the key to my apartment. Use it right after work and go into
  the study where you will find some equipment and some instructions as to how
  to use it. I will join you 15 minutes later after you have had the chance to
  use the equipment as instructed.  
Thank goodness it was a Sunday night and we would be closing early as each
  minute on the clock was like an age to me. What equipment was involved, how
  would I use it, who was Mystery and in what way would she and her friend use
  me as a slave? Would kind of orgasm would I get? These and a thousand other
  questions kept racing through my mind until quitting time.  
I got out of the restaurant as soon as I could and even took a taxi to the
  apartment; after all it was close to where I lived and I could walk home afterwards.
  I took the elevator upstairs, walked down to the apartment and put my key in
  the lock. Breathing deeply, I entered a huge apartment with a sign hanging
  from the ceiling pointing to the study.  
When I walked into the study, I could not believe my eyes. There were whips,
  handcuffs and all sorts or restraints hanging from the walls. There was a big
  leather bed with restraints, a whipping post and so many other devices I could
  not grasp them all at once. And yet the room had a nice atmosphere. The walls
  were painted a happy light yellow; there were couches with coffee tables as
  well as lounge chairs. The overall effect was like being in a cozy room with
  a nice soft rug floor, despite all the bondage and domination gear that was
  around.  
On the coffee table I found a letter of instruction plus the implements needed
  to implement the orders. The letter read as follows.  
"Slave  
The first thing you must do is take off all of your clothes so you are completely
  nude. Next, take the cock ring and put it on. The thick rubber band with the
  slip loop goes around the base of your cock. Don't worry about adjusting the
  rubber band. I am an expert in that and can set it so you will not get an orgasm
  until I so choose. Note the two wire loops; you have to push one ball through
  each of them and then you fasten the lock on the cock ring at the base of your
  balls. Yes, there is no key but I have it hidden in the apartment in a place
  you will never find. The cock ring comes off only and if I want it to.  
The next order of business is the leg irons. The metal bar which is about
  2 feet long goes between your ankles and keeps your crotch open for my pleasure.
  On the other hand if you swivel your hips you will be able to walk slowly or
  indeed the leg irons will allow you in a similar manner to crawl on your hands
  and knees across the floor to serve me. Kneel on the floor with your legs behind
  you and put on the leg irons. Lock the metal loop around each ankle and once
  again the key is hidden in a place only I know.  
The last piece of equipment is the two little wrist cuffs that are joined
  together. Put them on in a manner that your hands are crossed palms up so that
  you look like you are begging me, as you will be doing. Also in this position
  your hands can receive any gift I give you, such as my panties to lick. You
  will find in the crossed and palms up position with your wrists locked together
  that you can grasp things if I so order but your arms and hands are really
  quite useless to protect yourself.  
Having done all of this, work your way over to the front of the big comfy
  black leather chair in the corner. Kneel in front of the footstool and put
  your upturned palms under it. Place your slave face on the footstool and this
  will put your ass up in the air so I can whack it if I want. Do not, when I
  enter the room, move a muscle, try to look at me or speak unless asked a question
  or told to do so. Do all this now.  
It was hard to get the cock ring on. The rubber band was tight enough t cut
  off some feeling in my cock and I knew it could prevent me from ever coming.
  I felt sick in my stomach when I locked it in place after pushing my balls
  through the wire loops. Here I was naked in someone's apartment with a cock
  ring I could not remove locked around my genitals and totally naked. Now I
  had to lock the leg irons onto my ankles that forced my legs apart and made
  it possible but very difficult to walk in a twisted staggering manner or to
  crawl. Then I put the wrist locks on my wrist with my palms up and crossed.
  I was really helpless and I could not unlock any of these devices. So without
  any other choice, I crawled over to and put my head on the footstool of the
  big armchair and my hands underneath it. There I was totally naked, my butt
  up in the air and waiting I guess like a slave should.  
After what seemed hours but was probably only a few moments, I heard the
  door open and footsteps come in my direction. All of a sudden my hair at the
  back of my head was pulled a bit lifting up my face from the stool. A sneaker
  like all the girls wear at Hooters, a high top sneaker well laced up and also
  done around the ankle with Velcro, was thrust under my face and I heard just
  one word "kiss".  
I kissed the sneaker and it stank. The sneaker was very old and worn and
  then a voice said "yes, the sneaker is old, Dave. The socks have been worn
  for a week in preparation for tonight and they really stink too. Kiss."  
I kissed it again. Then the voice said "you may look up to see who I am."  
I raised my head and my dream had come true as I saw Cindy standing there.
  Her firm tits were pushing against the hooters t shirt and her big bee sting
  lips were smiling at me. I smiled and said hello. Immediately I felt a huge
  pain on my butt which had been hit with a hard leather paddle.  
"I told you not to talk Dave." Then Cindy pushed my head down on her sneaker
  again.  
"You have a choice Dave. I can leave you here and go out to a party and you
  can be all alone with the cock ring and unable to move or leave here. Or I
  can put that nice video of you jerking off on the internet. Or you can continue
  to kiss my sneaker."  
The choice was clear and I returned to kissing the sneaker and smelling the
  smell. I was glad the sneaker was on her foot and tied up as otherwise the
  smell would kill me.  
"I am glad you are learning to serve Dave", the voice said. "Now let me explain.
  You are going to be trained as a perfect sex slave Dave. I am not finishing
  my masters in psychology for nothing. It is the smell of my sneakers and feet
  and my beautiful ass or the sneakers and feet of any girl that will control
  you. Dave, it is called auto response training. Every time you serve my feet
  or ass or those of my assistant who will help train you, we will be sexually
  exciting you. Every time you have an orgasm you will be smelling, licking and
  kissing feet, socks, shoes or ass. You will learn with time to associate great
  orgasms with these things and you will beg to lick them. This is your fate
  Dave, to be a foot and ass slave. You may not like the smell right now but
  you are going to learn to love it so much that you will beg for it and will
  do anything to have it."  
I kept kissing her sneaker as she said all of these things and thinking it
  could not be true. I did not enjoy kissing her stinky sneaker and how could
  this become the thing I wanted to do most in the world. This was ridiculous.  
"I see you doubt my words Dave", she said. "Perhaps a little quick demonstration
  may help. Do you feel horny and want an orgasm Dave? You may speak."  
"Yes", I replied.  
With a smile, Cindy then rolled me over on my back. My hands were still tied
  palms up together but now my knees were raised and the leg irons kept my legs
  apart completely exposing me. Cindy stood over me and smiled. She rang her
  tongue over her big bee sting lips and rubbed her nipples through her t shirt.  
Just then I heard the door open and I raised my head to see Kelly walk into
  the room. Kelly was a dram in motion and still in her hooters outfit. She had
  long brown hair, big hazel eyes and nice tits. But her outstanding feature
  that I had dreamed about many nights was her long legs and her ass. Her ass
  cheeks were round but small and tight from all the exercise she did.  
"Greet your other mistress Dave", Kelly said to me "and roll over and crawl
  over here and lick my sneakers."  
I hesitated for a moment and Cindy said "a good slave never hesitates." Before
  I knew what was happening Cindy grabbed me by the hair and fastened a slave
  collar around my neck. It had little metal loops front and back and on each
  side. She grabbed my head and forced me kneeling over the footstool and with
  one firm motion grabbed a rope. The rope was through the metal loop in the
  front of my collar and then pulled down and tied to the bottom of the big heavy
  easy chair in front of the footstool.  
Cindy then picked up a big heavy rubber paddle. "You have been a bad boy
  Dave", she told me. "Slaves must immediately obey any order they are given
  and Kelly just told you to lick her sneakers. This will cost you ten hard swats."  
I felt totally helpless and exposed. My wrists were still bound together
  under the footstool and my legs were lying behind me on the floor spread apart
  by the spreader bar, exposing my cock ring controlled genitals. The rope through
  the ring in the front to the collar was pulled so tight that I could not move
  my head at all. I was in a position where these girls could whack my ass all
  night if they wanted to.  
Cindy walked behind me with the paddle and lovely Kelly sat in front of me
  on the easy chair the better to see the look on my face as I was spanked. I
  knew that was what she wanted to do.  
Kelly asked Cindy to give me a big whack every time she said the word "now" and
  Cindy of course replied it would be a pleasure to turn my ass nice and red
  and sore as well.  
Seated in the chair, Kelly started to talk to me. "You disappoint me Dave.
  NOW. I have worn these sneakers for over 2 years at work and for the last week
  I have worn the same thick heavy socks to get everything really smelly for
  you. I have even gone jogging without socks to soak sweat into the sneakers
  for your smelling and licking enjoyment. NOW. Then I give you the chance to
  lick these sneakers I have worked so hard to get ready for you and you hesitate.
  NOW. On top of all of this, I and Cindy have promised you orgasms and I am
  one good looking chick. NOW. If I could get a little cooperation I would be
  so good to you. NOW. Cindy and I will train you to be a good slave and be kind
  to you if only you will act like a slave. NOW. "  
Kelly then told Cindy to just keep whacking my ass. I had now received much
  more the ten blows but in my helpless condition I was afraid to say anything,
  let alone complain. Finally the girls decided this was enough whacking for
  now.  
"Dave, I am now going to see if you have learned anything. I am going to
  put my sneakers under your face and I want them licked. The licking needs to
  be passionate. So you have a choice Dave. You can lick my sneakers or we can
  just keep on beating your ass."  
I knew I would do anything to save my now very sore ass. I knew the girls
  could keep this up all night until I gave in any event. So when Kelly pushed
  her right sneaker under my nose and lips I started to lick. "Not good enough
  Dave", Cindy said. "I know you can stick your tongue out further than that
  and I know you can lick with more passion. To encourage me to do so, she gave
  me two of the hardest whacks on my ass I had had all night. I winced with pain
  and with no choice stuck my tongue out further and licked more quickly. The
  taste was terrible, all of rubber and canvas and sweat. The smell was very
  ripe to say the least. What did I expect as Kelly had worn these socks for
  a week? They must be soaked with sweat by now. I licked everywhere, the tops
  and over the laces, the sides and even the little air holes on the side. The
  air holes were the worst as they let some odour from the inside of the shoe
  to escape into my nose.  
Cindy noticed that my cock was not erect and mentioned this had to be fixed.
  She reminded Kelly that their goals were to train me to like serving feet and
  being a slave. This, she said, could only be done when I was erect and excited
  when serving feet.  
Kelly switched sneakers and put her other foot under my nose and lips. It
  was clear to me that I had to lick this one too or get my ass beaten again.
  So I started to lick. Suddenly I felt Cindy behind me and felt her hand reaching
  up to my crotch. Slowly she wound her hand around my cock and tightened the
  rubber band on the cock ring making sure I could not come. The she slowly started
  to stroke my cock. I got instantly hard with lovely Cindy stroking my cock
  and she made me hotter by leaning forward, so that I could feel her tits on
  my back, and started to lick my ear. As she licked, she started whispering
  in my ear and talking dirty. This is the one thing that drives me crazy and
  Cindy I think could tell what an effect it had by the way my cock jerked in
  her hand.  
"Keep up the licking Dave", Cindy said. "Also I enjoy so much having your
  big cock in my hand. It makes me horny and I get wet when I see you licking
  Kelly's smelly sneakers. It turns me on so to think you are licking her sneaker
  and smelling that smell just to have the pleasure of my hand on your cock.
  Now I am tickling your balls Dave. I so hope you are going to be a good slave
  so I can reward YOU with blow jobs and a really good fuck."  
"I think it is working Cindy", Kelly remarked. "Since you have been playing
  with his cock and talking dirty to him his licking has become more intense.
  Instead of showing resistance, he is now licking like a slut. Poor Dave seems
  to think that the more he licks the better the chance that he will come. God
  bless the cock ring." And Kelly was right. I was sucking and licking her sneaker
  like a mad man, and twisting my hips trying to get off. But the fucking cock
  ring prevented me from coming. One thing I could tell through all this agonising
  excitement was that Cindy really knew how to give a hand job. Both her hands
  were working on my now, one tickling my balls and the other stroking my shaft.
  From time to time she would pull the skin back on the end of my cock and tickle
  the head with her finger points, all the while licking my ear and nibbling
  on it. I knew for certain that I would lick any sneaker in the world to get
  Cindy to continue. I might not yet like kissing sneakers but I would do anything
  for the job Cindy was doing on me.  
Cindy could tell she was getting me hooked. She whispered in my ear while
  licking it that "Dave I know you will lick that stinky sneaker Kelly has just
  to keep me stroking you; if we want, you will lick it all night you male slut.
  I am controlling you completely with just my hand; imagine how my tongue and
  pussy will enslave you!" I trembled with fear for the first time as I thought
  that possibly she just might be right.  
"I think the time has now come to get down to some serious slavery and orgasms",
  Cindy suggested, "let us get Dave over to the bondage bed so we can really
  go to work on him."  
The rope connecting my slave collar to the easy chair was undone but all
  my leg irons and other bondage on me was left intact. I was brought over to
  the corner of the room where the large bondage bed was located. It was enormous
  and I could see there was enough room for three people to lie down. I was told
  to lie down on my back and as soon as I did ropes were passed through the loops
  on each side of my slave collar and tied to loops on the side of the bed. This
  totally restricted my ability to move my head even an inch. Now that the girls
  knew they had me under control, one of them stood at each side of the bed and
  took the handcuffs off my wrists. Each girl then grabbed an arm and pulled
  it straight out and attached it to cuffs on each side of the bed. Lastly they
  looked after my legs. The leg irons were taken of but then after being told
  to bend my knees each ankle was also attached to a cuff with a padlock at the
  side of the bed.  
I had never felt more helpless in my life. My head was held immobile by the
  slave collar and the cuffs held each arm straight out from my body and stretched.
  My legs were in a bent position with my ankles cuffed to the side of the enormous
  bed and thus my cock and balls were totally available and there was nothing
  I could do about it. Just when I thought they were finished binding me, Kelly
  found a big leather belt and passed it over my waist and anchored it to a fastener
  on each side of the bed. Now I could not even arch my back or move any part
  of my body off the bed.  
"How do you like that, Dave", Kelly asked me.  
"I have never felt more helpless in my life", I said " but I have to admit
  this large bed is very comfortable. I guess in this position I cannot worship
  your feet."  
"You are wrong ", Cindy said to me. "There is no way we want you to be comfortable
  and just because your ass is not available we have other means to punish you.
  I am going to put nipple clamps on you to make you behave. Also notice the
  high bar stools over there by the bar. I simply put them by the side of the
  bed and then put my feet in your face."  
Cindy did indeed what she said she was going to do. She put nipple clamps
  on me and then gave them a hard tug and I found out that really hurt. It was
  just as bad or worse than having my ass spanked. She then put a big high bar
  chair behind the bed and rested her sneakers on my shoulders from behind. She
  raised one sneaker tip up onto my lips and I knew I had to lick it. My god
  that sneaker smelt awful!. She then moved the bar chair to the side of the
  bed where she could maneuver her feet better and put the bottom of her sneaker
  on my face.  
"It is time for your serious training to begin Dave"; she said "and let you
  enjoy the insides of my sneakers and socks. I know it is hard but undo the
  lace on this sneaker with your teeth", and put the sneaker under my chin.  
With maximum effort I was able to get the knot undone and then I was instructed
  to loosen the laces with my teeth. This was very hard but I managed to pull
  the lace from three or four eyelets encouraged from time to time by Cindy yanking
  on the chain attached to the nipple clamps.'  
Then I could feel Kelly crawling up onto the bed and positioning herself
  between my legs. Once again she tightened the rubber band at the base of my
  cock and checked to cock ring to ensure that I could not come. Then she started
  to play with my cock in her hands.  
"In a moment you will be kissing Cindy's stinky and sweat soaked sports sock,
  Dave", Kelly said to me. "As part of your training to learn to love smelly
  feet and being a slave, I will then start to lick your cock. I am looking forward
  to running my tongue all over your shaft and may even lick your balls."  
This made me hard as a rock and then I realized for the first time that yes
  I wanted to lick and kiss Cindy's stinky sock as a small price for getting
  Kelly's mouth on my shaft.  
Cindy then used by forehead to pry off her sneaker and reached down and set
  it next to my head. The stench from the sneaker was terrible. I had never even
  in a locker room after a hockey game smelt anything so fetid. With a smile
  she then lowered her sock foot over my face. As it was coming at me, I could
  see that it was damp with sweat and had stains on it. God help me, she really
  had been wearing it for a week. She wrapped the toe part of the sock around
  my nose with her toes and then told me to kiss the instep part that was pushed
  against my mouth. With the sock pushed against my lips I was forced to breathe
  through my nose. I was assaulted by the smell of sweat, rubber and canvas and
  the sock was so wet and damp that pieces of it were coming off and sticking
  to my lips. In fact the sock was so sweaty that it was sticking to my face.  
"I get so horny when you worship my feet Dave", Cindy said in a sexy voice. "I
  know it is hard for you to see but I am taking off my t shirt and have no bra
  on and starting to rub my nipples as you are making me so horny. I am getting
  wet Dave. Remember to kiss an area and then lick the sock. Do not worry I will
  move my foot around so you can enjoy all of it. Get used to the smell, as it
  will become a great pleasure to you. Over the next few days you will learn
  to crave and desire this smell."  
I found the whole experience in a weird way quite exciting, perhaps because
  of the Cindy's sexy voice or maybe I was enjoying being tied up and humiliated.
  But the smell was terrible and the threat that I would be treated like this
  over the next few days was truly frightening.  
Kelly then started to work on my cock. I could feel her wrap her left hand
  around it and this gave me an instant erection. Then I could feel her tongue
  flicking over the head of my cock. The bitch had drawn back the skin and was
  working directly on the cock head, both with her lips and tongue. Had it not
  been for the cock ring I would have gone off in about 30 seconds but all I
  could experience was a really horny feeling and a bit of pre come and nothing
  else. This started to drive my crazy. No matter what I thought of I could not
  come. I was unable to move my body even an inch and could not even thrust my
  hips.  
This whole thing went on for several minutes until Cindy's entire sock was
  covered with saliva from the licks I had been forced to give it. The girls
  got the idea that they should switch positions as "Kelly wanted a chance to
  have her sock sucked too." Cindy agreed but reminded Kelly to keep one shoe
  on at all times as the stench was at its peak when the sock was fresh out of
  the shoe.  
Kelly was in such a hurry to have her sock sucked and licked that she undid
  her own shoe lace instead of making me do it with her teeth. To follow her
  own advice to keep socks ripe and fresh, Cindy grabbed her sneaker from beside
  my head and laced it up very tight on her foot again. Kelly sat down on the
  high bar chair and pushed her foot hard into my face. I thought that Cindy's
  sock had stank but, as incredible as it was, Kelly's smelt even worse and was
  even more wet with sweat. She also wrapped her toes around my nose and told
  me "to make sure to sniff her stinky socks while I licked and sucked the sock
  part "jammed into my mouth.  
While I was suffering in this way, I noticed that my cock was a bit hard
  even though Cindy had not started anything as yet. Could it be that the training
  the girls were giving me was beginning to work? I didn't really have time to
  think this through when Cindy grabbed my cock and started to play with it.
  She was as good as Kelly, albeit with a different technique. Cindy liked to
  lick the shaft while she played her fingers over the cock head. I thought for
  sure my balls were going to burst and I knew that if I was not blocked from
  talking with the sock foot pushed on to my mouth that I would have begged for
  an orgasm. But I could not and had to lie there motionless and suffer the smell
  and licking of Kelly's sock while Cindy played with my cock.  
"Dave", Kelly said to me, "you may think that all this hot talk while you
  sock suck is just to train you into being a foot slave. But it is true as well.
  I am as hot as hell from the licking and kissing you are giving my stench sock.
  I am now going to get you to eat my pussy. Maybe you cannot come with the cock
  ring but I sure am going to."  
Kelly then stepped down from the stool and took off her little orange hooters
  pants and the tiny little thing she was wearing underneath it. Both girls now
  took their tops off so I could see two sets of tits. I could feel the bed move
  as Kelly climbed on it and then I could feel her grasp each side of my head
  with her knees. She grabbed the chain of the nipple clamps and yanked it hard
  and then slowly brought her pussy to rest on my mouth. "I am going to unhook
  the chains on your slave collar Dave so you can tilt your head and really pleasure
  me. You are stilled tied up and the chain to your nipple clamps is in my hands
  so be a good slave!"  
I could feel the bed move as Kelly climbed up and the she wrapped her knees
  around my head. Slowly as she faced towards my feet, she lowered he pussy right
  over my mouth and while yanking on my nipple chain, which really hurt, ordered
  me to lick. I stuck my tongue in her pussy and started to lick and suck. As
  soon as I started licking Kelly I felt Cindy start to move. She forced my dick
  flat against my stomach and sat on it with her crotch pushing against it. Then
  came the big surprise. She and Kelly started to do some of the deepest French
  kissing I had ever seen. So then I knew I had two bisexual girls on my hands.  
I could tell my licking was having an effect as Kelly started to groan and
  grind her hips and thus her pussy against my lips and tongue. The more excited
  she got the more she pulled on the chain attached to the nipple clamps and
  this was real torture. I doubled my licking and kissing to her pussy and tongued
  her clit, anything to get her to come before the pain in my nipples overcame
  me. With a huge groan she came.  
"Thanks for the great orgasm Dave," Kelly said and came over to me and licked
  my lips and stuck her tongue in my mouth. I am now going to do something special
  for you and to you. I may let you come!"  
That made by dick jump. Kelly came over and tilted up the top of the bed.
  The girls had all sorts of special equipment built into this bed and now I
  found out that the head or foot could be tilted. So I found myself with my
  legs outstretched and tied apart as before and of course my arms were still
  cuffed to the sides of the bed. But now I was sitting upright with my back
  vertical and my legs to the side, with my feet apart and straight out spread
  eagled in front of me. Sort of like a bondage chaise lounge. Kelly then ran
  little ropes again through the loops on each side of the collar and tied then
  tight once more to the side of the bed. My head was once again immobile.  
"Here comes your treat Dave", she said. "It will really help with your training
  to love foot smell and being a slave. I am going to tie this other sneaker
  still on my foot over your face so you will really get the full stench of the
  inside of this sneaker. You must breathe through your nose and use the tongue
  to lick the smelly inside bottom. When I take this sneaker of your face if
  it is not wet from your licking I will beat your balls, no kidding. Also I
  can watch your cheek all the time to see if your tongue is moving. If I think
  you are not licking then I will beat your balls right away."  
Kelly did just what she said she would do. She took off her other sneaker
  and opened the laces wide. She then pointed the inside of the shoe at my face
  and rammed it over my nose and mouth. My nose was way up toward the front of
  the shoe where the smelliest area was and my tongue forced against the inside
  bottom. Kelly then pulled the laces around my head and tied it tightly behind
  my head, binding the inside of the shoe to my face.  
"With the sex treat I am about to give you Dave trust me you will be breathing
  deeply", Kelly said with a laugh."  
Kelly laughed as she saw how I was trying to hold my breath but of course
  after a bit I had to breathe and the stench that assaulted my nose was really
  beyond description.  
With a smile Kelly then got naked and to my great joy loosened the rubber
  band on my cock ring so I would be able to come. She smiled and sat on my legs
  and took the nipple clamps off and started to lick my nipples. That felt incredible
  and instantly I had a huge erection. "Fuck time Dave" Kelly said and spread
  her pussy and lowered it on my cock.  
Kelly was a tease even when fucking. She would pump my cock a few times and
  then lie still and remind me to lick the sneaker. I wanted to come so badly
  I could have died and despite myself I was licking the inside of that stench
  filled sneaker like it was the sexiest thing in the world. Kelly kept this
  up for about ten minutes and the finally pumped and rode my cock to the most
  thunderous orgasm I have ever had in my life.  
Chapter 2 Cindy and Kelly add a female slave  
After all of this the three of us were completely exhausted. After all we
  worked until midnight and now had been fooling around for a long time. The
  girls said it was tome to say goodnight and they would both sleep in Cindy's
  bed. I was sure right; they were bisexual. They left me all tied up but there
  was worse news than that. Cindy got jealous that Kelly had more time with me
  then she had. Thus she insisted that I spend the night enjoying her sneaker.
  Thus I found her sneaker thrust over my nose and mouth with my lips pressed
  on the inside and my nose further buried in the shoe where the toes go. The
  shoe was tied tightly around my head once again and I was left with the taste,
  smell and odor of Cindy's stench filled sneaker for the night.  
I noticed that I was developing an erection again all alone there by myself
  in the dark. What Cindy was saying was beginning to come true. I had received
  so much sex while smelling sneakers and socks that the very smell now aroused
  me somewhat. It tried not to concentrate on this smell or my arousal as with
  my hands tied to the bed there was nothing I could do to jerk off or otherwise
  give myself release. It was true that Kelly had given me one great orgasm but
  I had that cock ring on for so long and had been tease so much that I was horny
  again. But despite all of this I managed to fall asleep as I was so exhausted
  by the excitement and orgasm of the day.  
In the middle of the night I woke up with a wonderful tingle in my groin.
  It was so dark I did not know if it was Cindy or Kelly but one of these girls
  had snack into the living room where I was tied up and was licking my balls.
  This girl knew shat she was doing as she was holding my prick flat against
  my stomach which pulled my balls up so they could be licked and kissed. I was
  in heaven and only hoped that I would be given another orgasm, as the rubber
  band on my cock ring was loose.  
Then I felt the girl kneel on the bed, straddle me and shove my erection
  in her pussy. A voice said, "I am horny and wanted to get fucked as well." Clearly
  this then was Cindy and she started to fuck me. She was in total charge as
  there was still a strap around my waist holding me down to the bed. I said
  nothing, as it was especially arousing to be lying there helpless in the dark
  as a girl fucked my brains out without a word being said. She took her time,
  riding my cock and moaning softly and then stopping for awhile. When she stopped,
  she would lick my nipples to keep me as a hard as a rock. I wished we could
  kiss as lovers kissing and tonguing during fucking but with the shoe tied on
  my face this was not possible. As a reflex, I started to lick and kiss the
  inside of the shoe and this with my heavy breathing really drove the stench
  into my mouth and nostrils. I came and so did Cindy and then I was left alone
  and exhausted to sleep through until the morning.  
The girls woke me up around 1100 am, untied me and invited me to stay for
  breakfast. The one good thing about working late is that you can sleep in in
  the morning. Over coffee, the girls put a new proposition to me.  
"You know", Cindy said, "we really need a second slave. Relax Dave, not another
  male slave but a girl slave. As you have noticed Kelly and I are BI-sexual."  
"It would increase the fun a lot", Kelly pitched in. "We could have contests
  and the slave that loses would be punished and the winning slave would get
  a reward."  
"Do you have anyone in mind?" I foolishly asked, being excited which overcame
  the more wise thought that it would be better for me to keep my mouth shut.  
"As a matter of fact we do", Cindy replied. "It's Sandra and she is small
  and petite and really cute. Her whole attitude is submissive and she is a bit
  afraid to talk to boys. At the same time in girl to girl talk we know she is
  really horny and wants to get laid. We also have reason to believe like us
  she goes both ways."  
"So the whole idea", said Kelly" is to get you to rope her in so to speak
  in the same way we snared you. You can use the anonymous e mail account we
  used to get you and you can get her into our trap. Once you get her over here
  and we get her into a little action, we can videotape her and she will be a
  slave as well. As a matter of fact Dave we have already sent the first e mail
  on your behalf!"  
I sat there stunned but horny and with a dry and excited voice asked to see
  the e mail, which had just been sent. It read as follows:  
"Dear Sandra  
I am one of the five guys who works at hooters with you as bus boys. I really
  think you are cute and I want very much to be your willing boy toy. I will
  do anything you want at any time and in any place. There is nothing you have
  dreamed of that I would not willingly do for you, no limitations and no restrictions.
  I am yours to command at any time. If this interests you then send me back
  e-mail within 45 minutes. Otherwise this offer will be cancelled forever."  
"Very clever girls", I replied, "but how did you know I would cooperate and
  even more how do you know she will see this email so quickly?"  
"Very simple" said Kelly. "First, we have the goods on you and you will cooperate
  and you fucking know that. We asked you but we were only being polite. You
  know you are our slave and you have no choice. Secondly, we phoned Sandra to
  have a girl chat and we knew she was on her computer at home. She will see
  the email."  
Just then the computer rang a little bell to tell Cindy that a new e-mail
  had arrived and with laughter Kelly and Cindy saw it was from Sandra. It was
  a short and sweet message and simply said, "Yes I am interested. I am now on
  MSN messenger and we can exchange instant messages."  
Cindy opened her MSN messenger and started to type as if she were me. Here
  is the exchange that took place.  
"Thanks for the reply. I really want to please you." Cindy typed as if she
  were me.  
"Who are you?"  
"I will tell you in a moment but first I want to talk a bit. Do you have
  a boy friend?"  
"No I Don't"  
"Well I will be your perfect boy friend. I will be yours to command sexually
  and to do everything that you want."  
"You are making me horny."  
"I am glad as my lips and cock are ready to give you orgasms just the way
  you want."  
"I want to get started if you are not the only one of the four or five bus
  boys I do not like."  
"I will tell you who I am if you promise to send me a picture of yourself
  with nothing on. In fact I have a webcam so you can show yourself nude on your
  webcam and I will record what I receive."  
"Ok I promise to do that if I like who you are."  
"I am Dave"  
"Dave, I have to be honest; I have always wanted to get together with you.
  Will you do anything I ask you to?"  
"Yes, if you show me your lovely body now on the webcam". (At this point
  with an evil grin Cindy set her computer to record the pictures the webcam
  would send us and turned on her webcam. They moved so Sandra would only see
  me.  
Both webcams came on and I saw Sandra sitting there totally nude. She was
  very pretty with an athletic little body and very perky tits with big pointed
  nipples.  
"Do you like what you see Dave?"  
"I sure do Sandra", I replied. (Out of the corner of my eye I could see Cindy
  out of camera range holding a big paddle. This was a clear signal for me to
  rope Sandra in. Cindy held up a big sign. Tell her I am out tonight and you
  can borrow my apartment. She does not know you live alone."  
"So you are going to do everything for me Dave?"  
"Yes"  
"Then get your clothes off and jerk off for me now Dave"  
How did Cindy and Kelly ever think this girl was submissive or was it that
  now she had a chance to command all her pent up desires came into play? Anyway,
  I had no choice and took off all my clothes, stood in front of the webcam and
  started to stroke myself.  
"Tell me what you would do with me if I were there Dave"  
"I would worship your nipples and kiss them as much as you wanted. I would
  lick your ears and then I would fall on my knees and lick your sneakers and
  beg you to let me fuck you slowly and passionately."  
"God I would love that Dave. Would you really lick my sneakers just to have
  sex with me?"  
"Sandra, I would spend the while night just licking your sneakers if that
  is what you wanted. Cindy will be staying with a friend tonight and I can get
  her to lend me her apartment. If you come over here after work we can make
  this real."  
"Are you having an affair with Cindy?"  
"Good god no, she is just a friend. It is you I have always wanted.'  
"Ok we will go back together to her place after work", Sandra replied.  
I finished my orgasm; told Sandra I could hardly wait until tonight and then
  signed off.  
Cindy and Kelly laughed with glee and told me what a great actor I was. They
  also told me that was the last orgasm I would ever have unless I was licking
  socks or sneakers! I was then told to get Sandra to the apartment right after
  work and they would hide in the bedroom. There would be a hidden camcorder
  to record everything and thus I had to get Sandra to compromise herself so
  she could be turned into a slave like me. "You may even have to fuck her",
  Kelly said with a laugh.  
That night when I went to work I was very excited and it was all I could
  do to stop peeking at little Sandra. She was small, petite and cute with her
  blond hair bobbing in a ponytail and her cute round butt. Her breasts were
  small and quite perky and I was most attracted to her big bee sting lips. She
  smiled at me coyly from time to time in a knowing way, but otherwise avoided
  me. As closing time approached, I noticed Cindy and Kelly sneaking out early,
  probably to set up the camcorder to videotape little Sandra. Soon closing time
  would come and we would go over to Cindy's apartment. I had no idea what to
  expect; were they going to treat Sandra as a slave like me, what was meant
  by "slave contests" the girls had mentioned between the two of us etc. A million
  fantasies kept running though my head.  
Sandra came right up to my as soon as her tables were cleared, put her arm
  in mine and said let's go. There was no harm in this, as often the guys and
  girls at the restaurant dated and no one would think anything of this.  
We decided to walk over to Cindy's apartment, as it was only ten minutes
  or so away by foot. This was all to the best as it would give Cindy and Kelly
  lots of time to set up. I had been told to take Sandra into the living room
  as I guess all the bondage equipment in the study might frighten her off. As
  we walked Sandra kept up a constant chatter as to how much fun we would have.  
"I am glad we got together Dave", she said. "I think you are very cute and
  I look forward to all the things you are going to do under my instructions.
  I have stored up a lot of fantasies and I really want to try them out. People
  think that I am shy and quiet but behind closed doors I love to take charge."  
I wondered if Cindy and Kelly knew about this as they told me they thought
  Sandra was quite submissive. If this is what they really believed, then they
  were in for an awful shock. The other possibility of course was that they had
  set me up and I had been an unwitting party to bringing someone else into the
  group to dominate me.  
I opened the door and we went into the living room. Everything looked normal
  but I was sure somehow or other the girls had set up the videotape machine.
  Sandra sat down on the couch and motioned me to sit down beside her. As soon
  as I did, she put her tongue in my ear and gave my whole ear a real tongue
  washing. "It really turned me on when you said you would even lick my sneakers
  if I wanted you to. Did you really mean that", Sandra asked me.  
"Of course I did", I replied while thinking the last thing I needed was someone
  else who wanted her smelly sneakers worshipped. "Then you may start now. Get
  down on your knees and lick my sneakers." I did as I was told and got down
  on my hands and knees. I could see right away that her sneakers were old and
  filthy and even before I put my lips to them to lick I was hit by their smell.
  Sandra was like the other two girls; very smelly sneakers. I picked up her
  right foot in my hand and started to lick, doing it in a special way as Kelly
  had taught me. I licked the sneaker everywhere, the top, the side, the back
  and the front. I ran my tongue over the air holes on the side even thought
  the smell from them was gross. I could tell this was really turning Sandra
  on as she started to squirm on the couch a lot and I saw through the corner
  of my eye that she was starting to play with herself.  
"I can't wait any longer Dave, I want you to lick and kiss my pussy". "My
  pleasure", I replied.  
Sandra stood up and told me to remain on my knees as she liked men in this
  servile position. She then stood in front to me and pulled her hooters orange
  shorts down around her knees and did the same to the little thong she was wearing.
  She then put her hands on the back of my head and pushed my face into her pussy.
  I decided to give her the licking of a lifetime so that Kelly and Cindy would
  have a good show on tape, including how her face was now distorted and she
  was moaning with pleasure. She would also look like a real slut with her t
  shirt still on but her shorts and thong around her knees. So I started by licking
  the inside of her thighs and then continued with light little flicks of my
  tongue over her pussy lips. This caused her to start grinding her hips and
  rubbing her pussy against my lips. Then I nibbled on her clit and she started
  to moan. When she was hot as hell I plunged my tongue as deeply as I could
  into her pussy and started to lick, while at the same time making a sucking
  motion with my lips. She screamed as she came.  
Jus as she finished coming, Cindy and Kelly burst into the room and grabbed
  her, before she knew what was happening. They forced her hands behind her back
  and handcuffed them together, and then while she was still in shock grabbed
  her ankles and with duct tape tied them firmly together. They then whipped
  a slave collar around her neck, pulled her t shirt up around her throat and
  with a pair of scissors cut her bra off, leaving her nice little tits and their
  erect nipples totally exposed. Of course they shot some videotape of her in
  this condition as well.  
Finally Sandra recovered enough from shock to scream "what the fuck do you
  think you are doing?"  
"I think we are videotaping you acting like a slut so you will become our
  slave", Cindy replied. "Kelly and I like training sex slaves and decided you
  are next as we are sick of all the crap we take from you at work. You like
  to pretend that you are so quiet and cute but in reality you are a bossy little
  bitch. You give us all sorts of shit as the shift leader and now it is time
  for you to take orders from us."  
"You will take orders Sandra", Kelly added. "The videotape we have of you
  can be shown on the big screen at the restaurant and put as a free porn video
  on the internet. You just know you will do anything to avoid that. You will
  join Dave as our slave and we will have fun with you and with Dave as we are
  bi-sexual."  
"That's what the fuck you think", Sandra replied. "I am a lot tougher than
  you girls and if you do not want any trouble you will hand over that tape now." But
  Kelly had already left the room to lock up the tape in a secure place and came
  back and told Sandra she had done so.  
I could tell Sandra was as angry as hell but scared at the same time. Clearly
  Cindy and Kelly knew she was a dominating bitch and had tricked me so they
  could get her in this bad position and then fix her and train her as a slave.  
"It is what the fuck we think", Kelly replied. "Do you want to cooperate
  and enjoy your training or do you want to do it the hard way? I assure you
  that in a few days you will be to be our slave."  
Sandra said nothing and then Cindy said "Ok, it will be the hard way." They
  grabbed Sandra and carried her kicking and squirming into the den and Sandra
  shouted "oh for Christ sake no" when she saw all the bondage equipment.  
We set her down on the floor underneath a t bar with loops on it that was
  hanging from the ceiling. The t bar in turn had a chain at its top end that
  ran up and through a little wheel screwed into the ceiling and then continued
  over to a winch on the wall. Clearly you could raise or lower this bar by turning
  the winch. Sandra was in a helpless position and with her feet held together
  by duct tape in a crossed position was not even able to stand up. Kelly said
  to me "Dave in a moment I am going to take the handcuffs off her and then put
  wrist cuffs with little metal loops on each wrist. We will then use these cuffs
  to padlock her wrists to the loops in this metal t bar. When the handcuffs
  come off you grab one arm while I and Cindy attach her other arm to the t bar.
  Then we will of course come and fix up the other arm that you are holding.  
I grabbed Cary's left arm and Kelly the right and Cindy took off the handcuffs.
  Then both girls forced a wrist cuff onto Sandra's right arm and used the loops
  to padlock it to the t bar. Once that was done, the girls did the same to her
  left arm. Cindy then went over to the wall and started to turn the winch. With
  her arms over her head and the bar being forced up through the winch, Sandra
  was slowly but surely forced into a sitting position with her arms held over
  her head. Cindy then cut the duct tape and the girls quickly fastened a spreader
  bar between her two ankles, which forced her legs apart and exposed her pussy.
  Their idea was to make Sandra feel like a slut, with her tits and pussy wide
  open and her shorts and thong still pulled down but around the bottom of her
  legs.  
"What the fuck do you girls think you are doing?" Sandra yelled. "You think
  I give a shit if you show that video to the girls at work? I will simply get
  another job."  
"Who says we will just show it to the girls at work?" Kelly replied. "How
  about on an internet website or how about all the people you know at the university
  you are returning to in the fall? Relax and learn to become a slave."  
Sandra gave Kelly and Cindy as well as me a cold stare and said nothing.
  Clearly this point had struck home and there was nothing she could say. But
  at the same time she was still defiant.  
"Dave will demonstrate your future, Sandra." Cindy said. "Dave, put on your
  slave collar, cuffs on your wrist and your cock ring after getting naked and
  crawl over here.  
Now this was a test for me as well. Was I really willing once again to put
  myself in bondage for these girls who had the keys to all the padlocks I was
  about to put on my body? I found I was ready to do this and found it exciting;
  in fact it gave me an erection that all the girls saw me as a slave and Cindy
  and Kelly smiled knowingly as an indication they thought my training to be
  a willing foot slave was progressing well.  
Sandra stared at me in horror as I voluntarily put wrist cuffs on each wrist
  like she was wearing and locked them on with padlocks to which I had no key.
  Then I did the same with the slave collar. Sandra also stared in fascination
  as I put on the cock ring, pushing my balls through the metal loops and tightening
  the rubber band around the base of my penis before snapping the lock shut.  
"Soon you will be as obedient a slave as Dave, Sandra", Kelly said. "Let
  me show you what a good slave he is. Dave, I have left on the same smelly socks
  you worshiped yesterday and in fact slept with my sneakers on last night. These
  shoes and feet are ripe Dave. Get on you knees and lick them."  
Sandra stared horrified as I knelt down and started to lick Kelly's sneakers.
  I could tell right away that the stench level was way up from yesterday. Cindy
  pulled up a chair and rested her sneakers on the back of my head as if I were
  a footstool and started to chat with Kelly what should be done to train Sandra.  
"Sandra is such a bitch", Cindy said. "I want to repay her for all the trouble
  she has given us at work and I am sure we can break her."  
"Perhaps the best way is to show her we are serious and she has no choice," Kelly
  replied. "Humiliation should work with a bitch like this."  
"Well, we can really humiliate her by making her serve us. After all she
  is not bisexual and we are."  
"Good idea and at the same time if we make Dave give her orgasms, then we
  can train her to like it, just as we are training slave Dave here."  
I knew the girls were right as I could feel my training was starting to have
  an effect. This time and for the first time I was getting an erection from
  licking Kelly's feet, even though the stench of her sneakers had reached an
  all time high. My erection came just from being a sneaker slave; nothing else
  was happening to make me horny.  
"Let's do it", Cindy said. "But first I am going to make her beg. This will
  humiliate her and anyway I want to hear this bitch beg after all the shit she
  has given me at work."  
As I continued to lick Kelly's sneakers, Cindy picked up a heavy rubber paddle
  and moved behind Sandra. "Beg to lick my sneakers, bitch", she told her.  
Sandra said nothing, indicating she knew she was doomed as no more threats
  or retorts were coming from her bee sting lips. At the same time, she refused
  at least for the moment to beg. Cindy started swatting her ass. I could tell
  that were hard swats from the whacking sound each blow made as it landed. Sandra,
  despite efforts to not react, started to gasp and moan from each blow. After
  twenty or so whacks, Cindy stopped and said "Sandra, beg to lick my sneakers".
  Sandra replied by saying in a quiet voice "okay I will kiss your sneakers."  
"This will not do", Cindy replied. "First of all I want my sneakers licked
  just like Kelly is enjoying Dave licking hers. Secondly, I asked you to beg
  and not just say okay." Having said this, Cindy returned to whacking her ass
  with the rubber paddle. After a few more whacks, Sandra had to give in and
  said "Dear Cindy, May I please have the pleasure of licking your sneakers?"  
Cindy did not even bother to answer but walked over across the room and brought
  a bar stool and placed it if front of the kneeling and immobile Sandra. When
  she sat on the stool her butt was more or less at the same height as Sandra's
  face and it was easy for her to place a sneaker covered foot on each of Sandra's
  shoulders.  
"So you want to lick my sneakers, Sandra", she asked.  
"Yes please and thank you", Sandra replied, obviously being afraid of getting
  some more whacks on the butt.  
Once again without a word Cindy took her right foot off Sandra's shoulder
  and stuck it right under her lips. Sandra had to lean her head down and forward
  a bit and started to lick the sneaker. Immediately her nose wrinkled and she
  made a face, as she was both surprised and overcome by the stench of the sneaker. "Lick
  with more passion", Cindy said "or I will have to beat your butt some more."  
"See how nicely Sandra is now licking", said Cindy. "Not as well as Dave
  but she is doing a reasonable job." To more fully humiliate her, Cindy placed
  her other foot on top of Sandra's head and ran it through her hair as her other
  sneaker was being licked.  
"Now we know that Sandra knows how to lick", said Kelly, "I think we should
  get on with more humiliation combined with orgasms. Just sit there Cindy and
  I will organise things."  
Kelly turned to me and ordered me to lie on my back on the floor behind Sandra
  and where her butt was. Instructing Sandra to lift her butt a bit, I was ordered
  then to crawl face up under Sandra's ass and to push my head until my mouth
  and lips were on her pussy.  
"Dave is in place", Kelly told Cindy "and now would you be kind enough to
  remove your shorts and thong, and stand right in front of little Sandra so
  she can lick your pussy."  
"Yum, yum", said Cindy, "I am really horny and would love Sandra to give
  me a nice orgasm while she gets one from Dave."  
To make sure that Sandra would do a good job, Kelly stood behind her and
  gave her ass a couple of whacks with the paddle just to make sure that Sandra
  knew she had to do a good job. Then I was ordered to lick Sandra's pussy while
  she licked Cindy.  
I did the very best job I could in licking Sandra's little pussy. After all
  she was cute and it was a lot more fun than licking sneakers. I could tell
  my good work with my tongue and lips on her pussy and clit were having a big
  effect. Sandra started to grind her hips into my face and to moan as best she
  could while licking Cindy's pussy. Sandra was the first to come followed a
  moment later with large groans and whimpering from Cindy.  
"Keep licking Dave and make sure Sandra comes again", Kelly told me. I am
  walking around front to take Cindy's place and come myself.  
"Hey that is enough", yelled Sandra. "Do you expect me to serve you sluts
  all night?"  
"Yes we do", replied Kelly "and as a slave you should be quiet unless spoken
  to." You must remember that it is an honour for a slut like you to suck my
  pussy. To teach you a lesson you will start with my butt."  
As I started to lick Sandra again, Kelly walked in front of her, took off
  her shorts and thong and then turning around stuck her ass right into Sandra's
  face. She reached behind her with one arm and by grabbing Sandra's hair forced
  her face right into her butt and commanded that she lick it. Sandra was not
  so fast this time in getting excited and slow in starting to grind her hips
  from my lip and tongues work; perhaps the licking of Kelly's butt was not "so
  much fun" for her as pussy sucking. I kept up my good work and eventually I
  could fell Sandra starting to squirm. Kelly noticed it to and turned around
  and put her pussy in Sandra's face so that she would be serving pussy when
  she came. Sandra as she got hotter started to do a better job on Kelly's pussy
  and soon Kelly was starting to squirm too. "Lick and nibble her slowly Dave",
  Kelly instructed me. "I want her to suck my pussy this well for a little while
  yet." So I stopped sucking and licking for a moment and then started to do
  it very lightly. I was now learning how to keep a girl on the edge and be in
  control of when she came. I teased Sandra, getting her right on the edge within
  my licking and then stopping. Finally as my tongue was getting tired I started
  to really bang my tongue into her and in a few seconds she came with a great
  moan. Kelly   came at the same time.  
I was pretty frustrated now as Kelly and Cindy had both had an orgasm and
  Sandra who was also a slave had already enjoyed two orgasms. I looked pleadingly
  at Kelly and Cindy. Cindy immediately picked up on what I was trying to say
  with my eyes and said "Dave, we are now going to have a contest between you
  and Sandra. The loser gets punished and the winner gets an orgasm. "What will
  the punishment be?" Sandra said. "It will be whatever the fuck I want it to
  be slut", Cindy replied to Sandra. "You need to learn to become a good slave
  and keep your mouth shut." To make sure she was understood, Cindy reached over
  and twisted both of Sandra's nipples very hard. Sandra kept her mouth shut
  and stared at the floor.  
The two girls got Sandra and me to crawl over to the front of the couch.
  We were both told to lie on our backs and then we had our slave collars attached
  by a padlock to a ring in the floor. Sandra still had her legs pulled apart
  by the spreader bar and I was still wearing my cock ring. To perhaps make thing
  equal, the girls put a spreader bar between my legs. Both of us had our wrist
  cuffs removed, probably because the contest required us to have some use of
  our hands. Sandra and I thus were tied up in quite a similar way; parallel
  to each other and with our heads only a couple of feet apart. Kelly took a
  big chair and put it on the floor so that she could sit over top of both of
  us, and while facing our immobile heads put a sneakered foot on each of our
  chests. "The contest is about to begin", she announced.  
Chapter 3 the slave contests begin  
"OK slaves", Kelly said, "Here is how the contest works. I am going to put
  a mask on each of you, and then put one of my sweat drenched and smelly socks
  on each of your faces. You will kiss and smell this gorgeous treat for as long
  as you want. The slave who stops first is the loser and may not move or do
  anything that would indicate to the other slave that he or she has stopped.
  In this way the winning slave could continue sucking and kissing my stinky
  sock way after the time the other slave has stopped. Until both slaves have
  stopped no one will know who the winner is. You had better hope you win and
  worship me for a long time to assure this; the loser is really going to get
  punished and the winner gets a nice reward."  
Cindy then added a few thoughts of her own. "I will use this opportunity
  to help you slaves get to really love the worshipping of sneakers and feet
  by keeping you sexually excited during this little contest. I am going to insert
  an egg shaped vibrator into Sandra's hot little pussy and Dave, I will play
  from time to time with your prick, knowing the cock ring will stop you from
  coming."  
Kelly put a blindfold first on Sandra, perhaps to let me see what was happening.
  Cindy inserted the vibrator egg in Sandra's pussy, not a hard task as her legs
  were still spread widely apart and held there by the spreader bar. Then I could
  feel the mask being fitted over my eyes and the pulled tight so I was in complete
  darkness.  
It was exciting to be tied up and blindfolded. It made my other senses more
  acute and I could hear Kelly unlacing her shoelaces. I lay there bound and
  blind waiting with excitement as to what would happen next. I found being so
  helpless actually very exciting and knew I had a hard on, but was it due to
  the fact that Kelly was going to make me suck and lick her stinky sock, or
  because Cindy had promised to play with my cock? As I was trying to sort out
  these two factors, I could feel Kelly's. Foot, now with only a sock on it,
  on my chest. Kelly knew how to torment. Her foot moved very slowly up towards
  the top of my chest, then over my chin and lips and then settled on my nose,
  with her toes wrapped tightly around my nostrils. The middle of her foot was
  resting on my lips so I could lick. As I started to lick, this forced me to
  breathe through the sweaty sock wrapped around my nose by Kelly's toes. I was
  losing all track of time and I had no idea how long I had been licking and
  smelling Kelly's stink sock. I listened carefully to see if there were any
  clues I could pick up as to whether Sandra had stopped yet or not. This was
  a devilish game as I could have already won but had no way of knowing it. But
  as carefully as I listened and despite the fact that Sandra was lying on the
  floor right beside me, I could pick up no clue. I could hear her soft moaning
  from time to time due to the vibrator that was in her pussy but could not tell
  if that was while she was licking Kelly's sock or not. Then I felt was must
  be Cindy's hand wrap itself around my cock and start to stroke it. I kept on
  licking the sock in my face but found the feeling in my cock and balls so engrossing
  that it was a lot easier to keep on licking and smelling. Probably the same
  was true for Sandra due to the vibrating egg in her pussy. I was as horny as
  hell but unable to come and as the pleasure mounted and grew all I could get
  was maybe a little bit of pre come. I had a strong desire to thrust my hips
  but was also unable to do this thanks to the spreader bar between my legs.
  I can only describe the feeling I was having as incredible ecstasy but agony
  at the same time, desiring to come but not being able to do so. Cindy then
  stopped stroking my cock and started to lick it. This girl was the worst tease
  of all time. She pulled back my foreskin and started to lick the head of my
  cock with little light tongue stokes, at different places on the head and with
  little pauses that left we praying that she would continue. My balls were aching
  from the unfilled desire to explode and I started to lick Kelly's foot like
  a madman and to breathe deeply and fill my lungs with foot stench despite myself.  
Time now had really lost all meaning; had I been licking this sock for 10
  minutes or an hour? I had no idea. But I knew I had to quit soon as my tongue
  and lips were getting sore and strained from all the work they were doing on
  Kelly's sock. So I stopped and my heart thumped in my chest to see if I had
  won or not!  
When I stopped there were a few seconds of agony and suspense and then Kelly
  said "congratulations Dave you have won." Cindy added her congratulations by
  licking my balls!  
"You will never learn it seems", Kelly said to Sandra. "You stopped licking
  my sock after about 10 minutes while Dave here served for 30 minutes. Now we
  are going to have to increase the punishment you receive, as you are such a
  stupid bitch. Cindy, bring up the smell mask while I re-arrange Sandra here."  
While leaving her collar attached to the ring in the floor, Kelly lowered
  the t bar using the winch until it was just dangling a few inches off the floor
  and over Sandra's head. She then grabbed each of Sandra's arms and used the
  wrist cuffs that were still on them to attach each of Sandra's arms to opposite
  ends of the t bar. Once this was done, she unlocked the padlock holding Sandra
  by the slave collar to the floor and pushed her head forward. Bringing the
  now opened padlock around front, she attached the front of Sandra's slave collar
  to the t bar as well, forcing her head into an upright position. Returning
  to the winch, Kelly turned the handle, forcing Sandra slowly but surely into
  an upright position with her hands and head attached to the t bar. Once Sandra
  was upright on her knees with the t bar holding her hands to each side of it
  and her head tilted back and attached to the middle of it, she locked the winch
  into place. Sandra was now totally vulnerable, sitting on her knees with her
  feet out behind her but held apart by the spreader bar. Kelly then ordered
  her to get her ass up in the air and get into a doggie position. As soon as
  Sandra did so, Kelly put a strap around her waist and ran a chain from the
  back of the strap and padlocked it to a ring on the back of the slave collar.
  This forced her to keep her back and ass parallel to the ground as the belly
  was attached to the slave collar that was attached on the other side to the
  t bar.  
"Dave", Kelly said to me, "Sandra is now in a nice position for you to give
  her a long and slow doggie fucking for which we will take off your cock ring.
  But first we have to fix her up on the other end around her face to be punished."  
Cindy walked around in front of Sandra with a funny looking mask in her hand.
  It looked like the kind of masks that pilots used to wear in the Second World
  War, except it was deigned to only go over the nose and not cover the mouth.
  From where it would fit over the nose there were 2 little plastic tubes that
  would obviously go into the nostrils. There was a long tube dangling from it
  that ended in a broad piece of hard plastic tubing that spread out into a broad
  flat piece with many air holes in it. Clearly with the mask in place the wearer
  would have to breathe in through the nose from wherever the flat end of the
  plastic tube was placed.  
"This is our sneaker enjoyment mask Sandra", Kelly said, "which has been
  designed for bad slave like you. Once this is forced over and into your nose
  and the broad end inserted into my sneaker while I am still wearing it, your
  nostrils will be filled with hot and fun filled air from my hot little sneaker.
  Oh, do not worry we will do something with your mouth so you will be breathing
  through your nose!"  
Kelly reached down and put her stinky sneakers back on and inserted the flat
  but broad end of the plastic tube down the side of her sneaker and underneath
  her instep. With a grin she stepped forward and pulled the other end of the
  mask over Sandra's head and inserted the little tubes in her nostrils. Pulling
  the strap hard to hold it in place, she then padlocked the straps together
  at the back. Sandra of course started to breathe through her mouth.  
"Nice try slut", Kelly told her. "You should be breathing through your nose
  to enjoy the privilege of my smelly sneaker; you are a slut slave. We will
  shut your mouth right after you beg Dave to doggie fuck you."  
Cindy released me from all my bonds and took off my cock ring, ordering me
  to go and stand in front of Sandra's face padlocked to the t bar. "Beg him
  to fuck you doggie style Sandra", Cindy ordered. Sandra was still being stubborn
  and said nothing, so Kelly got out the rubber paddle and whacked her on the
  ass several times. Finally, Sandra opened her mouth and said "Dave, would you
  please doggie fuck me as long as you want?"  
Before I could say a word, Cindy replied "Sandra, for being a slow and unwilling
  slave, before I let Dave fuck you, you have to beg to have my sock stuffed
  in your mouth. This will permit you to taste my sock while you smell Kelly's
  sneaker through the sneaker enjoyment mask!"  
Sandra hesitated, but then noticed that Kelly was right behind her with the
  rubber paddle and she knew she would get her ass tormented until she did the
  begging. So, she opened her mouth and said "please Cindy put you sock in my
  mouth so I can taste it!" Cindy, without saying a word took off her right sneaker
  and peeled her sock off her foot. It was so sweat and grime soaked that it
  was almost sticking to her skin. Rolling it in a ball, she grabbed Sandra,
  forced her mouth open and shoved in the sock. To secure it in place, she covered
  Sandra's mouth with a big piece of duct tape. I could see Sandra's eyes bulge
  out as the taste hit her mouth and the smell filled her nostrils. I could only
  imagine how awful the stench and the taste might be and promised myself I would
  do everything to avoid this. I forgot that it was the goal of the girls to
  train me to beg for this sort of treatment.  
Sandra started to thrash like a fish out of water but of course this did
  her not good at all. He head and arms were padlocked to the t bar and the mask
  was tight and padlocked on her face. With her hands being unavailable, she
  could not do anything to get the sock out of her mouth; even her tongue could
  not push it out thanks to the duct tape.  
"Dave, congratulations on winning", Kelly said again. "It is now time for
  you to give Sandra a nice doggie fuck and enjoy coming without your cock ring.
  I want you to give her a nice slow fuck so she can enjoy what she is smelling
  and tasting. There is one extra little part Dave but we will tell you about
  it when you have your cock in Sandra. Get behind her and put your cock in her
  pussy but do not move until we tell you that you can."  
I did not need any encouragement, as I was as horny as hell. I got behind
  Sandra and inserted my cock in her pussy. Sandra tried to say something but
  all I could hear was a grunt thanks to the sock in her mouth and the duct tape.
  But what was there to worry about? Sandra had begged me to doggie fuck her.
  As ordered, I left my cock motionless inside her but was dying to start pumping.
  Cindy grabbed a barstool and placed it beside the middle of Sandra's body,
  took off her sneakers and placed her socks facing me. "Dave, you know you are
  being trained to love feet", Cindy told me. "So I want you to be licking and
  smelling my feet while you come in Sandra."  
I was so hot that I did not even hesitate for a second to lean down and place
  my nose and lips onto the bottom of Cindy's socks. The stench was terrible
  but so was my erection. "Lick and fuck to your heart's content Dave", Kelly
  said.  
For the first time ever I was voluntarily sucking and licking on disgusting
  socks, with no restraint. As the stench of the socks began to hit my nose and
  lips, I started to pump Sandra's pussy. I did it slowly as requested and both
  Kelly and Cindy laughed. They obviously really enjoyed the two of us, me and
  Sandra, being their slaves at the same time. After about five minutes I could
  contain myself no longer and came with a loud groan.  
The girls then untied us as they were exhausted from all the fun they had
  enjoyed. Cindy instructed me to meet her tomorrow afternoon at a certain coffee
  shop at 3.00 pm and gave a different address close to the coffee shop for Sandra
  to show up at 4.00 PM when her noon lunch shift was finished at the restaurant.
  Cindy reminded everyone that every girl would continue to wear the same socks
  and sneakers to build the punishment."  
I had no idea what would happen when I turned up at the coffee shop and Sandra
  showed by the look on her face that she too was scared what would happen to
  her at the nearby address.  
Chapter 4 Going to the Domme shop  
As ordered, I met Kelly and Cindy at the coffee shop. I notice right away
  that they were wearing the same sneakers and socks as they had on yesterday.
  Their shoes and feet would now smell even more than before with a further day's
  use without being changed. Also it was a hot and muggy afternoon which would
  add to the stench. The first thing I was told to do was to go into the washroom
  and put on my cock ring. I hated doing this as it really hurt to pull my balls
  through the little metal rings and pulling the rubber band tight around my
  prick also was uncomfortable. But I had no choice. I did all of this and as
  a last step locked the cock ring in place, as always without having the key
  to unlock it.  
The girls were sitting at a table in the back of the shop and Cindy reached
  underneath the table and undid my zipper to make sure the cock ring was in
  place. I wondered where we were going and just who this girl Laura was but
  of course was afraid to ask. As a slave, I was learning that speaking without
  first being spoken to could get me into a lot of trouble and pain.  
We all finished our coffee and started out the door and walked across the
  street. I looked up and saw a sign that said "domme shop" and my heart skipped
  a beat as I could guess that was where we were going. I was right as the girls
  headed straight for the door. Just before swinging the door open, Cindy grabbed
  my hands and cuffed them together behind my back and then pushed me through
  the door.  
As we entered I could see we were in a shop that sold tons of different bondage
  and discipline equipment. There were whips, cock rings, handcuffs and ball
  gags hanging from the walls plus a lot of other devices that I had no idea
  what they were for. At the back of the store was a big sign marked as the entrance
  to a display room. But the thing that caught my eye more than anything else
  was the goddess standing behind the counter. She was a tall blond with beautiful
  make up and beautiful bee sting lips. She indeed looked quite a bit like Pamela
  Anderson except her tits were ample and well shaped instead of being huge.
  She also had a nice round and firm ass and great legs. She was dressed somewhat
  like a domme, wearing long leather boots, which from their condition I could
  tell had been worn a long time. She also had on a very short jean skirt and
  a tight white t-shirt.  
"So this is your famous slave in training", she said to Cindy.  
"Yes", Cindy replied "and he can certainly use your firm hand Laura to improve
  his attitude to serve completely and with joy."  
"How is the process of getting him to love servicing and worshipping feet
  as well coming along?" Laura asked.  
"We are making some progress here", Laura replied. "He now gets an erection
  whenever he kisses boots, socks or feet even though nothing else is done to
  stimulate him. His attitude of being a slave is less desirable. He will follow
  orders but not immediately and without a huge amount of enthusiasm."  
"Training him to do anything for an orgasm and keeping him hot without relief
  in a cock ring will eventually complete the job", Laura remarked. "Slave, get
  down on your knees and lick my boots. I want to see if you get an erection".  
I knew I had to do this. It was clear to me that if I behaved badly in front
  of this girl Cindy and Kelly would be furious, as it would reflect on their
  training. They would punish me terribly. So out of a mixture of desire and
  fear, I knelt down in front of this gorgeous blond Laura who had her hands
  on her hips and was staring at me and awaiting my response.  
I got down on my knees in a doggie position and started to kiss her knee
  high leather boots. They really stank. This girl too obviously kept her socks
  and boots in the smelliest condition possible as a way of humiliating and punishing.
  Even kissing the outsides of them I could smell a very strong aroma.  
All of a sudden, I felt a tremendous searing pain on my ass. I had been hit
  three times with a riding crop that hurt like hell and I suspected had even
  left welts on my ass right through my pants. "You stupid fuck", Laura shouted
  at me. "I told you to lick my boots and you are just kissing them. Get your
  tongue way out and clean both my boots all over before I beat your ass for
  half and hour." I got my tongue way out and started to lick like mad, suffering
  the taste of the old and foul leather. I knew this chick Laura would indeed
  beat my ass.  
"He needs a lot of training as a slave", Laura said. "Does he know what he
  is here for?"  
"Not yet", replied Cindy.  
"Well", Laura replied, "serving as a demonstration slave to my domme customers
  who come here to buy the expensive equipment we have in the demo room should
  help him learn how to serve. I hope that slut Sandra you mentioned is also
  coming as some of the equipment is designed to punish two slaves at once. Also
  some of the dommes like to punish girls too."  
"Sandra will be here in an hour or so when she finishes at Hooters", Cindy
  told Laura. "She has the afternoon shift today."  
"Well in the meantime you can excite this poor slave if need be until Sandra
  gets here", Laura replied and Cindy and Kelly nodded in agreement. I was scared
  as shit as now I would be a slave to every domme that came into this store.
  Cindy and Kelly were certainly determined to make me an obedient slave; they
  had enlisted a whole stable of dommes to help train me.  
Laura invited us all to go into the demo room while we were waiting for Sandra
  to arrive. The first item she showed us was a big comfortable armchair for
  a domme to sit in, which had some special features. There were telescoping
  rods that could be pulled out from the bottom of each side of the chair. Each
  arm had metal loops on it that could be locked around a slave's ankles or wrists.
  By adjusting the length of the telescoping arms the slave could be positioned
  to be up close and personal to service a pussy or have his ass available for
  a good caning. The slave could also be positioned of course to worship the
  feet of his mistress. Each arm of the chair had a cup holder so the mistress
  could enjoy a cool drink and the side of the chair was equipped with a lot
  of canes, whips and other implements.  
Naturally Cindy volunteered that Laura would use me to demonstrate how comfortable
  the chair was. She pulled the rods out to a medium length and then ordered
  me to get naked, except of course for my cock ring which was left firmly locked
  in place. I was ordered to kneel so that the back rings on the rods were opposite
  my ankles, which were then locked into place by the metal rods. "Note how I
  have left the slave's hands free, so that he can worship my feet and hold them
  so that I do not have to strain my legs by holding them up", Laura said. "The
  loops around the ankles are most effective as the slave cannot stand up or
  otherwise rise and is really helpless even though his hands are free. If there
  is any failure to follow orders, then we just use this handy little cane here
  to whack the slave in the balls. However as a precaution I always like to attach
  the cock ring of the slave to the metal rods like this." Reaching down, Laura
  snapped a chain onto the loop at the bottom of my cock ring and then pulled
  it tight and snapped the other end onto the ring around my left ankle. "Now
  Dave will obey for sure", Laura said, "as any movement will yank painfully
  on his balls."  
"You have told me you want to keep Dave excited as he worships smelly feet",
  Laura said to the girls. "Well, there are easy ways to do this without having
  to go to any trouble." She reached into the leather pouch built into the side
  of the chair and pulled out an obviously very effective ticking device. It
  was on a long thin stick and half its length was covered with soft feathers
  and pieces of soft plastic fluff that clearly could tickle you like mad. "It
  works like this"; she said and started to use the tickler on my cock and balls.
  The tickling sensation was incredible on my balls and caused me to ache with
  pleasure. I tried to squirm as the tickling was so erotic but could not do
  so with my cock ring including my balls being so tightly bound by the chain.  
"Lick my boots again slave", Laura ordered me. With my balls on fire from
  the tickling, I held Laura's proffered left leg in my hands and started to
  lick it all over. I was careful to lick from the toe where the stench could
  be smelt through the leather all across the sides and top and right up to where
  the boots ended around her knee. When the left boot was finished, Laura changed
  legs so that I could worship the other one. I repeated the whole procedure
  even though my tongue was getting rough and sore from all the licking. It was
  a strange sensation as I was a naked slave licking smelly boots but at the
  same time due to the ball tickling I was in a constant state of high arousal.
  I would have given anything to come but the cock ring made it impossible. I
  found I was really in a strange way beginning to like these experiences, even
  though they were both frightening and humiliating.  
After I had finished the second boot, Laura said to me "now comes the big
  treat Dave. You may undo the zipper of my left boot with your teeth and then
  pull it off. You will then gently and tenderly plaster my socked foot on your
  face while supporting it with your hands so that my leg is comfortable. My
  toes should be over your nose and then you may lick the bottom of the sock
  that is on your lips. Do it now Dave."  
I slowly undid the zipper with my teeth. As the zipper moved inch by inch
  the overpowering smell of sweat and leather grew stronger. I thought to myself
  that I would never be able voluntarily to stick these stench drenched toes
  and sock over my nose. But at the same time I realised I had no choice. I had
  to do it voluntarily which was so totally humiliating or I would be forced
  to do it and probably caned as well. So when I came to the end of the zipper
  I gently grabbed Laura's sock covered foot and placed the toes of it over my
  nose and started to lick. The stench hit me like a sledge hammer and my humiliation
  was increased by all the girls starting to laugh at my fate together.  
I thought this was the worst punishment I could ever suffer, due to the deep
  smell of sweat and leather and the sour and foul taste of the sock on my tongue.
  But I was wrong as Laura found a way to increase my suffering. She leant forward
  and pulled back the foreskin on my swollen dick and then started to tickle
  the naked end of it with the tickle stick. I started to jerk and buck like
  a fish out of water. This level of sexual arousal and tickling was driving
  me out of my mind. Laura gave me a stern warning to stop jerking around or "she
  would beat the shit out of me." So I tried to remain still even though the
  tickling, the stench and the taste all combined to nearly drive me crazy.  
Despite my predicament I could hear Laura's assistant bringing Sandra into
  the room. Sandra was questioned to make sure she was still wearing the same
  socks and sneakers that she had on yesterday and she confirmed this was the
  case. Sandra was then told that she along with me would be used to demonstrate
  some new equipment to the dommes that came into the shop. I imagined that Sandra
  was as horrified as I was.  
The girls then all decided that I should be freed up to see the toys they
  were going to use on Sandra by herself and also so that I would be available
  to "assist" with the toys that were to be used on two slaves together. But
  at the same time they decided that as a slave I should also get some punishment.
  Kelly informed me that I had never enjoyed the pleasure of the "sneaker enjoyment
  mask" and so this would now be strapped on to me.  
The thought of being strapped into this mask to smell rotten sneakers had
  frightened me ever since I had seen it used on Sandra and had seen how it made
  her eyes bug out. But now I had no choice, once again.  
My hands were once again cuffed behind my back before my ankles were unlocked.
  While still in the kneeling position, Laura took the sock I had been licking
  off her foot and thrust it into my mouth as deep as it could go. She then covered
  my mouth with duct tape to ensure that I could only breathe through the nose.
  The taste of the sock imbedded in my mouth was bad enough but now the mask
  was coming.  
Kelly stuffed the end of the plastic tube dangling from the mask into the
  sneaker on her left foot. With a wicked grin, Kelly put the two plastic tubes
  protruding from the mask itself into my nostrils and then put the rubber part
  of the mask into place. With a swift and deft movement, she then pulled the
  buckle and strap of the mask at the back of my neck tight and fastened it in
  place so the mask was tight on my nose and face. The stench of her sneaker
  I was now forced to breathe from hit me like a truck. The stench of rubber,
  canvas and sweat, all hot and moist filled my nose while the taste of the sock
  filled my mouth. But in a strange way I was finding this very sexually exciting
  and I knew the girls' training to make me a sneaker slave was beginning to
  work.  
"We should find something for Sandra now", Laura said. "While I show you
  some equipment for her, let's get her naked except for her smelly sneakers
  of course and get her kissing Dave to keep him fully aroused."  
Sandra started to strip and I could see her lovely legs, ass, pussy and her
  perky tits with the nice big nipples. She was ordered to stand in front of
  me, put her arms around me and give me French kisses. To enable me to do so,
  the duct tape and sock were removed from my mouth. There was room under the
  mask for her to get her tongue on my lips and then when ordered to stick her
  tongue in my mouth. I became as hard as a rock and would have gone off if the
  cock ring were not on me.  
Laura then reached up to a shelf and pulled out a big rubber glove that had
  little bumps and tough spots all over, including on the fingers. 'This is a
  wonderful tool to use on a slave, especially a female slave" she said. Putting
  the glove on she rubbed her hand hard all over Sandra's nipples and used the
  fingers of the glove to rub her nipples very hard. Sandra flinched with pain
  but kept on kissing me as she had been instructed. "The best use of all", Laura
  commented, "is to use the glove to give the slave an orgasm."  
Sandra was ordered to stop kissing me and start to lick and bite my nipples.
  To keep me breathing through the mask, the duct tape was replaced over my mouth.
  Sandra was told to bend over a bit when doing so which would cause her pussy
  and asshole to be made available. While she was doing this, Laura pulled another
  rubber glove on her other hand.  
"You insert your middle finger ion the slave's pussy with your hand pointed
  downwards", Laura said. "This allows you while fingering the slave to use your
  palm to rub her clit. Furthermore, note how I am using my other hand to rub
  her ass and from time to time to stick a finger and its rubbery point into
  her ass. This drives a slave crazy. Once and awhile you stop so that the slave
  is on the edge of an orgasm but has not come. With a little practice you can
  keep a slave on edge as long as you want."  
I could tell Laura was a real expert by the way Sandra was panting as she
  licked my nipples. In her excitement she would bite my nipple really hard from
  time to time. I hated this as the pain made be breathe in deeply as a reflex
  and suck more hot stench into my nose from Kelly's sneaker.  
Laura indeed was a real expert and kept Sandra right on the edge without
  letting her come. All the licking Sandra was giving me had me in the same condition,
  hot and horny and unable to come due to the cock ring.  
Laura noted to the others that now that both slaves were really horny this
  would be a perfect time to try out a new piece of equipment she had designed
  called "no fucking way." She said it could cause great fun and amusement as
  the slaves would be fucking each other but could not come. She brought out
  a strange looking piece of equipment. It was a metal bar that had a metal slave
  collar on each end. The metal bar could telescope in and out and thus be adjusted
  to any length. She ordered Sandra to stand up next to me and put the slave
  collar around each of our necks. She then adjusted the metal bar, ordering
  us to French kiss each other and made the length of the bar such that we could
  not pull our heads back. Thus we were locked with our tongues in each other's
  mouth and unable to move out of this position, our lips also touching each
  other. As Sandra's tongue was in my mouth and mine in hers, I was forced again
  to breathe through the mask and" enjoy" the stench of Kelly's sneakers.  
The next piece of equipment once again had a telescoping metal bar but this
  time with four loops. Laura attached two loops, one around the top of each
  of my legs. She then grabbed my dick and put it deep into Sandra's pussy. The
  other two loops went around the tops of Sandra's legs and then the metal bar
  was adjusted so that neither of us could move our legs and thus our hips. We
  were thus joined in a fucking embrace but unable to thrust and do any fucking.  
I thought it was an act of kindness when Laura took the mask off me, but
  it was only so that the girls could go next door for a few drinks, leaving
  us tied up, French kissing and fucking but unable to pump. They laughingly
  bid us farewell and left with us horny, fucking and French kissing for god
  knows how long.  
Chapter 5 I am lent out for a slave contest   
At last we were released from our constraints and both of us were stiff and
  horny. Laura then asked the girls if she could borrow Sandra and me for an
  initiation at the sorority house where her younger sister was president. We
  would be sex slaves in initiation rites for new members and for the general
  entertainment of the members. The girls agreed quickly once Laura pointed out
  that this experience would make us more obedient slaves and that arrangements
  would be made for smelly socks and footwear to increase my desire for these
  things. Laura told both Sandra and I to be at her apartment to meet her sister
  Kathy at 7.00 pm and we would be taken from there to the sorority house. Both
  of us were instructed to wear shorts and a t shirt. I was also told to wear
  boxer shorts and Sandra was told to be without a bra and with thong panties.  
Sandra and I arrived at the apartment at 700 pm as ordered. Laura greeted
  us at the door, wearing the same outfit she had at the store. Both of us were
  ordered immediately to get down on our knees and put our hands behind our backs.
  After our hands were handcuffed, Sandra was ordered to lick Laura's boots and
  I was ordered to crawl across the room to greet Kathy. Kathy was seated on
  a bar stool next to the bar, wearing pink shorts and top, pink high cut converse
  sneakers and pink sweat socks. As I learnt later, this was the "sorority uniform" that
  all girls wore to the meeting except of course those being initiated.  
Kathy took one look at me crawling towards her and said "lick my sneakers
  asshole; I want to see if you are good enough to serve us tonight." I continued
  my crawling and as soon as I reached her, she crossed her leg and presented
  me with her right foot and sneaker to lick. I stuck out my tongue and started
  to lick it, experiencing again the now familiar strong smell of often used
  sneakers and sweaty socks. "In the absence of other instructions slave", Kathy
  told me, "You should always be on your knees licking my sneaker until I tell
  you to stop." Laura came over and stood beside Kathy, with Sandra trailing
  behind her on her knees and still licking her black smelly boots. Sandra and
  I were then told to switch positions and so I ended up with my tongue back
  on Laura's boots while Sandra got the first chance to taste and smell Kathy's
  pink high top converse sneaker.  
Kathy then started to tell us what we were in store for when we visited the
  sorority. The first rule was that we were to serve any member of the sorority
  instantly in any way we were ordered to serve. We were told that out lips,
  tongue, and genitals were at the command of every girl dressed in pink. The
  initiates would be dressed in white and we would be used to test them, through
  doing sex acts with them or through dares. The dares would test the courage
  of the initiates who would have a chance to take a risk in a contest which,
  if they won, would provide them for awhile with our services as slaves. If
  the initiate lost, then they would be a slave to the members of the sorority
  or would be punished by having to do "humiliating stuff" with one of us. It
  was made clear to Sandra and I that, even the hint of as failure to follow
  an order, would result in us being tied up and spanked until our asses were
  red and we begged for mercy and even then the spanking might continue.  
When we arrived at the sorority we were taken down to the basement. It was
  a large room with many comfortable armchairs and couches and I could see that
  Laura had set up a lot of bondage equipment including stocks, a St. Andrews
  cross and other devices. Kathy was sitting on a barstool in the middle of the
  room and there were 10 other girls behind her dressed in the same manner, all
  with punk t shirts and hot shorts, sweat socks and pink high top converse sneakers.
  Clearly this was the uniform of the sorority. Every one of these girls was
  a real hottie. After all, this was the very best sorority on campus and these
  girls could attract the richest and the cutest. Kneeling in front of Kathy
  were the four initiates, all dressed in white t shirts and hot shorts and wearing
  the same footwear as the other girls. These 4 initiates were also real hotties,
  every one of them with big bee sting lips, a cute face, nice tits and incredible
  butts and legs. Just looking at all these girls and being the only guy in a
  room with such hot chicks gave me a big erection.  
Laura told us to remember our instructions as to what we were to do when
  no other command was given and reminded us any failure would result in a painful
  spanking with a canoe paddle. So Sandra and I crawled forward towards Kathy
  on the bar stool. Each one us us took a foot and started to lick and kiss her
  smelly converse sneaker. This caused a lot of laughter and applause from all
  the girls in the room, except for the slave initiates who had obviously been
  ordered to keep kneeling with their heads down. As we continued to lick and
  smell the stench of Kathy's sneakers, she addressed the crowd.  
"Welcome, to the slaves at my sneakers, my fellow sorority members and the
  four slave initiates who will be addressed tonight only as sluts 1 through
  4. A special thanks for Laura for all the bondage and punishment equipment
  and for bringing these two slaves to spice up our games tonight and make this
  the longest and most exciting initiation ceremony we have ever had.  
Your sluts down there, only three of the four of you will be welcomed in
  our group and the fourth will be thrown out of these premises for ever. So
  do all your tests well. The tests are designed to see how much you really want
  to join, how much punishment you will take to be a member and how well you
  will suffer it. As the members of this sorority are all hotties, we want to
  also test your "sex control." How much can you excite a man, how much you can
  command him but also how well you can control your desires. As this sorority
  is also a bisexual group, we will severely test your ability to be good at
  lesbian activities as well. Let the games begin."  
One of the other members, Sara, got up and came over to us and ordered Sandra
  and I to stand up. Each of us then had our hands handcuffed behind us and our
  arms were then bound with ropes so that they were drawn together and became
  totally immobilized. We then had a slave collar put on our necks and a leash
  attached.  
Sara the ordered us on our knees in the middle of the room. The four sluts
  were then ordered to stand in front of us, two in front of me and two in front
  of Sandra. With a nod of her head, Sara ordered two other girls in pink to
  stand behind us with big canoes paddles. The four sluts were then ordered to
  take of their shorts and thongs, revealing four cute and totally shaved pussies.  
"This is the first contest", Sara announced. "Each of us has designed a contest
  and this is mine. The two slaves Dave and Sandra are ordered to tongue the
  two sluts in front of them to orgasm, first one and then start on the other.
  The job of the sluts of course is to exercise control and to not orgasm for
  the longest possible time. The winning team will be awarded one point per slut
  and of course the losing team gets no points. Now as an inducement to our slaves
  here to lick well and good, the slave who causes his two sluts to orgasm first
  will not be punished. The other slave will of course be paddled from the time
  the other slave finishes his task until the two sluts he or she is serving
  have both had an orgasm. Also, to state the obvious all you sluts will keep
  your legs wide open during the entire time."  
I looked at the two sluts before me who had number 1 and number 2 written
  respectively on their foreheads. They were both gorgeous and I knew that licking
  them would be a pleasure but I knew I had to win or I would really receive
  an awful paddling I decided when Sara said start that I would start with slut
  1. Despite standing in the middle of the room with her legs apart and her pussy
  exposed, she looked defiant and determined to win. Slut 2 was red in the face
  and clearly very upset by her predicament. She would be the harder target to
  make come and thus I would leave her to the last.  
Sara said start and I leant forward and put my lips on slut 1's pussy. I
  started nibbling her clit and she started to moan. Much to my surprise she
  started to talk dirty to me, so I would lick better. Clearly she wanted to
  win and was trying to help me out. She kept chanting "eat me big boy, I love
  it. Put your tongue on my clit and lick and chew it. That's it, run your tongue
  all over my pussy lips." Quite quickly she came, and I could tell from the
  cheers of the crowd that she was the first to come and thus I was ahead of
  Sandra.  
I twisted over to slut 2 on my hands and knees. She was biting her lip and
  clearly this girl would be a challenge. Her legs were shaking a little bit
  as I applied a kiss to her pussy, nice and soft to make her relax. I the started
  licking as best I could, out of fear for the canoe paddle. In a couple of minutes
  I heard another cheer and so it was clear that Sandra had made her first slut
  come. Then an amazing thing happened. Slut 1 while keeping her legs spread
  as required, leaned over and started to nibble on the nipples of slut 2 while
  I was licking her. Clearly a clever girl as this additional stimulation would
  help slut 2 come and help this team win. The crowd gave her a round of applause
  for her ingenuity. Slut 2 started to shake and quiver from the dual effect
  of my tongue on her pussy and the other slut's lips sucking on her beautiful
  and now fully erect pink nipples. She came with a big groan and I knew that
  we had won.  
I looked over and saw Sandra desperately licking on the second of her two
  sluts. Then the paddle behind her started to swing and there was a huge smacking
  sound as it hit Sandra square on the ass. Sandra yelped and started to lick
  even harder. The blows kept coming and Sandra's ass was canoe paddled at least
  six or seven times before she finally got her second slut to come. As she finished,
  I could see that Sandra's ass was pink all over from the paddling.  
Sara the left the centre of the room and cute Mary came into the middle to
  announce her contest. "First of all", she said, "my sneakers are so hot and
  smelly I would like our two slaves over here licking them while I explain my
  game. I deserve this because as instructed like the rest of us, I have been
  wearing the same thick sweat socks all week." Sandra and I looked at each other
  in shock. I thought to myself that I could die from foot stench if this kept
  up. "Lick well", she said to the two of us "as I punish and paddle anyone who
  displeases me." As Mary sat on the barstool to make her sneakers available,
  Sandra and I with our hands still tied behind our backs, crawled over and started
  to apply our tongues to Mary's pink sneakers. The stench was awful; I hoped
  like hell Mary would never take her sneakers off. Before becoming a slave,
  I would not have believed that any girl could make her feet so stinky that
  they would smell even when still laced up on a foot.  
"Well sluts", Mary said to the initiates, "my test is to test your imagination.
  I want you to suggest a terrible task for another slut who you shall name by
  number and which will use our two slaves here as part of that slut's humiliation.
  The slut who names the most disgusting task will win a point; the slut who
  has to pay will lose a point. Thus you are best to do something against another
  slut who is ahead of you at this time. I will give you a moment or two to think
  of your suggestions. You will then be sent out of the room and come back one
  at a time with your proposals so that you cannot build on or use the suggestions
  of others. Oh, and when you come back in you will give me a little foot worship
  before making your suggestion. There is a half point for the best foot worship."  
The sluts left the room and then after awhile slut 4 re-appeared. She took
  the place of Sandra and me and knelt before Mary's smelly feet. Taking both
  sneakers in her hands she looked at Mary and then said "may I please worship
  your sneakers?'. "You have the standard five minutes slut", Mary replied. "Thank
  you for the privilege", the slut said and then picking up both of Mary's feet
  in her hands held them in a slave like manner and started kissing the outsides
  all over. This went on for the following five minutes and I could tell the
  slut did not enjoy the experience as her face and nose kept wrinkling. At the
  end Mary announced that slut 4 would only get 3 points out of ten. Mary said
  she liked the slave like words but the sneaker worship was unimaginative.  
Sandra and I were told to resume our sneaker licking while slut 4 announced
  her punishment. "I choose slut 1 as the victim", was the first thing that slut
  4 said. This was a good choice as I had already noticed that slut 1 was real
  competition and it was wise to have her lose a point. . "My punishment would
  be that slut 1 has to give Dave the slave here a nice hand job while licking
  the insides of Sandra's sneakers. "  
While the girls would vote on the best suggestion at the end, I thought this
  was a bad one and that the other slaves would do better. Maybe slut 4 had a
  heart and did not want to be to mean to the "other sluts" and perhaps she feared
  that the other sluts in some other game would seek revenge on her.  
As slut 4 had already announced her ideas, she was allowed to stay in the
  room and slut 3 was let in. We moved aside to give this slut access to Mary's
  sneakers. Like the previous slut, slut 3 tried to ingratiate herself with Mary
  by begging to serve her feet. But she chose a more punishing and humiliating
  action for herself. Mary grinned in pleasure as the slut after giving her right
  sneaker a few licks started to undo the laces with her teeth. This was a very
  clever game that Mary had picked as the sluts were having to choose their own
  foot worship punishment and then perform it without any coercion, all in the
  hopes of winning a lousy half point.  
After loosening the lace of the sneaker with her teeth, slut 3 then took
  off the sneaker. There was a smell in the room that spread out even to those
  of us that were a fair distance from Mary's feet. Nonetheless, slut 3 in order
  to win held the stinky sock foot of Mary's in her hands and lowered her lips
  to the top of her sock covered foot. I could see that she was almost gagging
  as she kissed the sock but she held in there, kissing it albeit lightly until
  the 5 minutes was up.  
At the end Mary announced she was awarding a 5 for the foot worship effort.
  She criticized slut 3 of not taking the chance with her socked foot in her
  hand of licking it all over, a privilege for a slut, and also covering the
  really smelly part on the bottom. She then gave slut 3 the chance to announce
  her proposed punishment.  
"I also pick slut 1 as the victim", she said. "Slut 1 if I win will have
  to allow Sandra to lick her pussy until she comes while she sucks on Dave's
  cock."  
I thought to myself that I would really like this and I noted that this slut
  as well had targeted slut 1 as the one to beat given her "do anything attitude" to
  win.  
Slut 2 was then brought into the room and as before looked somewhat bewildered
  and embarrassed. She knelt as required in front of Kathy and started to gently
  and with great reluctance kiss her sneakers. She did a terrible job, neither
  begging nor licking and at the end received a zero from Kathy.  
It was lucky for this slut 2 that she had been teamed with slut 1 earlier
  and as a result at least had one point. But slut 2 showed her imagination in
  the punishment she suggested. First of all, she went after slut 3 who had no
  points at all to really drive her to the bottom and actually have a minus score
  if she was selected to be the loser. The punishment she suggested was designed
  to draw votes from the crowd. Her punishment was that slut 3 would be on her
  hands and knees in the middle of a circle of all the sorority members. While
  I would be fucking her ass with a dildo and Sandra would be licking her pussy,
  slut 3 would be required to constantly rotate her body so as to lick and kiss
  the sneakers of all 10 girls in the circle. All of a sudden with this suggestion
  slut 2 looked to be in great shape and could win a second point to jump her
  into the lead.  
Lastly but not leastly proud slut 1 was brought into the room. You could
  tell from the look on her face that she was confident she would not be the
  loser and would joining the sorority. She was also the most beautiful girl
  in the room with a body and face very similar to Carmen Electra. The fact that
  she was so beautiful and proud might, I thought, before the end of the evening
  really count against her as the members would be jealous of her body and pissed
  off by her attitude.  
She immediately knelt before Kathy and said "Dear sorority leader, it is
  a real privilege to serve your sneakers and feet. I beg you to let me take
  full advantage of this wonderful opportunity and worship them fully in the
  way you deserve. This lowly slave begs permission to kiss, lick and smell them
  in every way."  
She said this is such a sexy voice that Kathy's facial expression gave away
  the truth that slut 1 had made her hot. So clearly Kathy went both ways and
  was bi-sexual and also got turned on by having people submit to her. Slut 1
  had hit the mark and showed she was a truly talented amateur psychologist.  
After removing the right sneaker, slut 1 raised the sock covered foot to
  her mouth and started to lick the underside of the sock. All the other girls
  looked shocked; how could slut 1 in such a servile way lick and kiss this stinky
  sock that you could smell from 10 feet away? When the 5 minutes were finished
  Kathy announced that it was obvious that slut 1 had won the foot worship contest
  and had been awarded the half point.  
We all held our breath as slut 1 announced her punishment decision. Looking
  Kathy right in the eye she said "I believe that slut 2 should be punished.
  The reason is that I am not sure that she has properly developed her lesbian
  interests or skills to serve her future fellow members and this should be corrected.
  Also, I do not believe that she is showing enough respect to our leader Kathy.
  Thus, I suggest she should have her arms bound behind her back. A slave collar
  should be put on her and a rope run from the back of the collar to her tied
  arms, to keep her head up and immobilized. She of course should be completely
  naked except for her sneakers. She should then kneel in front of Kathy with
  slave Sandra underneath her so that this slut's pussy is on the slave's face
  so it can be sucked and licked. Slut 1 should be licked until she has 2 orgasms.
  Until the first orgasm occurs, she should have the privilege of licking Kathy's
  sock feet and then until she has her second orgasm she should lick Kathy's
  gorgeous pussy. In this way, she will be getting and giving orgasms from girls
  at the same time. As for Dave the slave here, to further stimulate slut 1 during
  all this punishment he should be licking and kissing her ass."  
The girls except the slaves of course would now vote on who had come up with
  the worst punishment. Slut 2 had in my view good suggestions but on the other
  hand slut 1 indeed had created a devilish experience for slut 2. As the vote
  came in it was close, but slut 1 won with 6 votes out of a possible 10. Slut
  1 got yet another point for her winning suggestion and slut 2 lost a point
  for being the selected slave. This meant that slut 1 had 3.5 points and all
  the other initiates were at zero. Clearly a commanding lead that would make
  her a future target. The other initiates had to do better at any price as the
  one with the lowest number of points would be out of the sorority.  
I was instructed to help get slut 2 ready for her punishment. I undid the
  ropes and took off the handcuffs from Sandra as she had to lie flat on the
  floor and with the back of her head facing Kathy who was on the barstool. As
  soon as I got her in this position I took off all of slut 2's clothes except
  for her footwear. I was pleased to see as I took off her shorts and thong that
  she had a beautiful and firm and indeed kissable ass. While I was going to
  serve as a slave, this I knew was a great ass to worship. Slut 2 stood quietly
  while I put a slave collar around her neck. I then pulled her arms behind her
  back and handcuffed her wrists together. Using two pieces of rope I bound her
  arms tightly together, once at the elbows and the again near the shoulders.
  As a last step I ran a third rope through the loop in her slave collar and
  tied it to the ropes around her elbows. This held her head in a slightly backward
  slant which would be ideal for making her kiss and lick.  
Sandra was already positioned lying flat on the floor with the back of her
  head towards Kathy and her feet pointed in the other direction. In this way
  slut 2 could sit on Sandra's face in a kneeling position with her legs on each
  side of Sandra's head and have her upturned face available to serve Kathy.
  I helped slut 2 crawl across the floor and put her legs on each side of Sandra's
  shoulders and then helped her lower herself so that her pussy was resting on
  Sandra's nose and lips.  
Kathy with a wicked smile ordered me to start licking slut 2's butt. This
  required me to crawl between Sandra's open legs and then place my lips on her
  ass. I started to lick and kiss that gorgeous ass. I could tell slut 2 enjoyed
  it as she started to squirm a bit.  
Kathy then started to give orders. "Sandra, do not start on slut 2's pussy
  until I have my feet in place on her face. I will tell you when to start." With
  a smile Kathy then started to slowly take her sneakers off while she talked
  to slut 2.  
"Earlier you did not do anything properly in worshipping my feet. This time
  you will do a good job. Enjoy the smell as I take both sneakers off. My sweat
  drenched socks will soon be on your face my little slut and you will this time
  kiss and lick the bottom of these socks or I will throw you out of this sorority
  right now and forever." With a slow and torturing manner, Kathy lowered her
  sock clad feet on to slut 2's chest. Then ever so slowly and sadistically,
  she inched her feet up the slut's neck, on to her lips and then over her nose.
  Cupping her toes over slut 2's nose she said "let the licking begin. Slut 2
  gets busy on my feet and Sandra get busy on that pussy."  
Almost crying, slut 2 started to lick the socks. Then you could see her body
  jerk a bit as Sandra's tongue got busy on her pussy and her clit. I did my
  best to help slut 2 come by licking and kissing her ass with my tongue full
  out. "Wonderful", Kathy said, "you are just about to have a big orgasm while
  you sniff, smell, lick, kiss and taste my foul socks. This is just the treatment
  a slut like you needs." Kathy smiled as slut 2 started to breathe hard and
  get a bit red in the face. It was clear to all of us that she was about to
  come. Shortly thereafter she did.  
"That was the easy orgasm slut", Kathy said to her. "The second orgasm is
  slower in coming and harder to get to. Hopefully slave Sandra down there knows
  how to suck clit and kiss pussy and Dave will continue to wash your ass with
  his tongue. But all this has made me horny so lean forward little slut and
  give my pussy a treat."  
Slut 2 started on Kathy's pussy. Actually she was doing a good job of it,
  probably because she wanted this humiliation to be finished and over as soon
  as possible. She started to grind her hips over Sandra's face and this was
  a clear signal that she was excited but finding it hard to come. She was on
  the edge but could not get over the top.  
Kathy did not have the same problem as she was hot and had not had an orgasm
  for awhile. Thus with a large groan she grabbed Sandra's hair and pushed her
  lips against her pussy as she came with a large moan. She then sat there smiling
  as slut 2 kept trying to come and was sweaty and panting. To help finish her
  off, Kathy learned forward and started to suck Sandra's nipples. Finally, with
  a large moan, Sandra managed to come. I was ordered to untie Sandra and then
  stand nude at attention next to Sandra who had been told to stand at attention
  as well.  
Kathy then announced that all the members should take a beer break and that
  I and Sandra would be tied up to the St Andrews crosses so that the members
  could have a little fun with us while sipping a cool one. Sandra was grabbed
  and taken to one end of the room where I could not see what would happen to
  her. Laura and several of the members grabbed me and dragged me over to the
  cross. As a first step, Laura put the cock ring back on me and locked it into
  place. I hated this cock ring as I could not come no matter what was done to
  me. While this was being done, I had a chance to look at the cross. It was
  a standard x shaped cross where our arms and legs could be tied to it in an
  x pattern that left your body totally exposed. But there were additional straps
  to go around the middle of arms and legs to make sure you were immobilized.
  The different part was there was a crank in the back that could be turned.
  This caused the bottom 2 parts of the x frame to move from a vertical position
  up towards a horizontal position or any angle in between as the crank was turned.  
I got stiff as a board as about five gorgeous girls grabbed me and handcuffed
  me to the cross and the fastened the straps to my arms and legs. I was really
  totally helpless.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  misterjim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





