BDSM Library - The Family Vlad




The Family Vlad
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Can Chief Vlad, a brutal, uncaring policeman handle the pressures caused by his nympho wife, Vicky, their sexually precocious children, and his arch rival, Candi Kurtz, a well connected police woman with obvious feelings for his wife and the potential to become Vlad's sex slave. Only time will tell as the story of the Vlad family slowly unfolds. This is not one for the squeamish or politically correct among us.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Family Vlad





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter I





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Chief, it's me, Lt. Rizzo."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Vlad here. What's the problem?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mrs. V got arrested a couple of hours ago, and I've been trying to get a hold of you since I heard about it. She's down at the station, in the basement, and every lesbian in the department and their friends have been invited to help in her interrogation. You wouldn't believe some of the things I've seen taken down to the basement since they took Mrs. V there. Not only that, they're broadcasting it on closed circuit TV here and somebody told me they may be feeding it directly to the Internet."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Who arrested her, and what's the charge?"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It was Sergeant Kurtz, and Mrs. V was booked for contributing to the delinquency of a minor, twelve counts, and eight counts of statutory rape. They say Kurtz took lots of pictures. Oh, she's also charged with resisting arrest and assault on a police officer."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"God damn it! That's bullshit! That cunt Kurtz has gone too far this time. I'll have that dyke's scrawny ass for sure this time. Call my lawyer and have him get my wife out of there, now!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No can do chief."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What do you mean he can't get her out? What the fuck is going on!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well chief, it's like this. Kurtz claims that your wife is a menace to the youth of the city, and that if she is released, there is no way to be assured that she won't just pick up some young boys and start all over again. The judge has agreed to hear motions from your lawyer, but not until late tomorrow because of other commitments."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Well, I want you to keep an eye on my wife, no later what!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"To tell the truth, that's what I'm doing right now. They've been forcing water into her stomach and she looks like she's ten months pregnant with triplets. I can't believe she can hold so much water. I wonder what's gonna happen when she starts throwing up; they've got her gagged so the only way out for the water is through her nose and that ain't gonna cut it."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's her problem for being such a dumb cunt. If she wasn't such a great fuck I'd throw her out on the street where I found her to begin with."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chief hung up and turned his attention to the naked teenager who was roped securely to a vertical wooden frame. She looked to be around fifteen, just beginning to fill out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "She'll be a nice piece in a couple of years " the chief thought, then added, " if someone doesn't beat her to death first." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He picked up the rubber hose he had been using on the girl's small tits and pooched belly and resumed working on her. He noticed that the load of cum he'd deposited in her tight little cunt was beginning to leak out, and wondered if he'd put enough in to knock her up. It would be a good lesson for her to carry a kid around in that rounded gut of hers for three or four months before she was aborted. She grunted as the hose sank into her soft belly.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl in question had been picked up by the local cops and taken to a deserted warehouse where they raped her. There wasn't much she could do about it since she was securely handcuffed and they promised to really mess her up if she gave them any trouble. While she sucked their cocks so they could fuck her again, they told her that all whores in this town had to have a special license to work their trade. After a rehab period that would last until the chief was convinced that she understood the seriousness of her offense, she would either be granted a license or be taken to the town limits and released. What they didn't tell her was that they had an arrangement with the next couple of towns that would mean her return for further rehabilitation in the event she was caught practicing her trade there. After raping her a second time, they brought her to the chief.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen sure had picked the wrong time to meet the chief. He took out his irritation about his dumb wife on the helpless whore's naked body, first with the rubber hose and then with his fists. After a series of vicious punches to her gut, the girl began to vomit. Unfortunately the chief had gagged the whore with her own panties, thus forcing her to swallow most of her vomit except for what exited her nostrils. The girl passed out from lack of air, forcing the Chief to pull out the gag to let her catch her breath. He was still pissed off, so he sank his fist into the pit of her stomach a couple of times to make sure she puked some more. While the little bitch was retching and desperately attempting to avoid drowning in her own vomit, Vlad got another call from his underling. The news was less than good.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What do you mean, new charges? I don't believe this shit!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Look chief, it seems that Kurtz also picked up the housekeeper and had her stashed away at one of her lesbo friend's house. It took them a few hours to convince the little wetback to tell the truth about how old she was and what kind of services she performed for Mrs. V and the kids. So now Kurtz has filed some new charges that accuse your wife of contributing to the housekeeper's delinquency, forced imprisonment and pandering. Oh I forgot, and failing to pay Social Security on the girl's wages. That one is the killer because it may bring in the Feds."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chief Vlad lost his mind for a while and when he recovered he was confronted with a very badly beaten teenager. He really couldn't remember anything after he hung up the phone. He couldn't recall how a couple of her ribs got caved in like that, but his hands sure hurt. As for the nightstick that was shoved up her cunt so far that it nearly ruptured her uterus, it was his favorite, no doubt about that. He just hoped that he could get all the blood and cunt cream off of it. He sighed and made another phone call.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now let me get this straight chief, just for the record. The teenager fell down the stairs, which probably accounts for the broken ribs and the facial lacerations. You think her internal injuries were also caused by the fall. You were behind her all the time and witnessed the event as I just described. The reason she was going down the stairs was because you had offered her shelter for the night after the two officers that originally made the arrest had picked her up for vagrancy. I guess that takes care of the investigation. Let's see, she had no ID on her, so I guess the town will have to either foot the bill for treating her injuries or we just might be able to dump her in the woods and hope that when she wakes up, she has enough good sense to get out of the county. You know this is the only case like this I've had in the county this year; kind of encouraging when you consider by this time last year we'd already had three incidents. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the way, I hear that Mrs. V is kind of tied up down at the station. I hope that everything comes out all right for her sake. That Kurtz is one mean bitch. I'd think someone might have taken her down a peg by now, but I guess her father and uncle have too much clout in the county considering one's a judge and the other has enough money to buy lots of influence. However I sure wouldn't mind doing an autopsy on that bitch. I better be going. See you later."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Rizzo here; I talked to your lawyer and he's not too encouraging about getting Mrs. V out of jail any time soon. Those new charges are kind of heavy, especially the one about not paying Social Security on the housekeeper's wages. Yeah chief, I know the wetback doesn't get any wages, but that could cause even more trouble with the local liberals. The ambulance chaser is worried that the Feds might get involved and then we'd all be in deep shit. So he says to sit tight and hope that Kurtz doesn't do too much damage to your wife. From the looks of things Mrs. V is in deep shit. The only good news I have is that they aren't feeding the interrogation onto the Internet. They say it's too heavy even for the Internet, and besides Kurtz wants to sell the tape to her uncle for distribution in Asia."





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )











						Chapter II
	
	
	The subject of this discussion, Vicky, short for Victoria, Vlad was
indeed in deep shit. Somehow she had managed to survive having enormous
quantities of water forced into her stomach until the pressure from her bulging
belly caused her lungs to stop working. Kurtz had watched impassively as Vicky
struggled against her bonds while her stomach swelled from the water being
slowly pumped into her. She had endured this procedure, as Kurtz called it, not
once but three times. Indeed, each time Vicky felt as if she was in the final
stages of a pregnancy just before she passed out.
	
	Kurtz then made Mrs. V endure another procedure, a series of fiendish
enemas designed to make her feel as if her insides were on fire. She took quart
after quart of devilish concoctions that irritated, inflamed, cramped and caused
her intestines to spasm from the effects of these terrible mixtures. She voided
until her colon and sphincter muscles could no longer function, leaving her
rectum in a dilated state, which allowed other nasty procedures to be used.
Currently she had three billy clubs wedged deep into her rectum and another
quartet of fat wooden implements buried inside her cunt.
	
	However she barely noticed the pain because currently her noosed breasts
were supporting the weight of her body. The buxom brunette's hands were cuffed
behind her back and drawn up painfully by the short length of rope that joined
them to her braided hair. Kurtz was amusing herself by pushing Vicky's
pain-wracked body so that the ropes attached to her breasts twisted together and
then untwisted, causing her to scream into the urine soaked pair of panties that
were taped securely inside of her mouth. Adding to her agony, heavy weights hung
from her hobbled ankles, putting even more strain on her sore, distended
breasts.
	
	Vicky felt hands on her bulging belly; she had been filled to her limit
just before being hoisted off her feet. " I wonder what would happen if I used
my nightstick on this swollen tummy of yours? Would you burst like a balloon
filled with too much air? No, I think all this water would try to get out of you
through your little nostrils. That would be so interesting to see. Shall we try
and observe what happens?" Vicky recognized Kurtz's voice and reacted with a
strange mixture of feelings. Part of her shuddered at the horrible prospect of
slowly being suffocated as the water poured steadily from her nose, cutting off
her ability to breathe. Another part began to make her cunt ooze as she thought
of being Kurtz's slave, forced to service the lean dark haired woman with her
lips, mouth and tongue.
	
	The policewoman began to slowly rub her fingers across Vicky's stuffed
cunt, teasing it with her knowing touch. Vicky responded, her cunt cream working
it's way down the wooden clubs that stretched her pussy to its limit. "You like
that, don't you?" Kurtz whispered, her fingers pressing harder against the
helpless woman's sweaty flesh. "Confess and I'm sure my father, the judge, will
go easy on you. Perhaps you'll be given public, or will it be pubic service.
Perhaps you'll be sentenced to a halfway house such as the one I run for wayward
girls. I would be only too happy to assist in your rehabilitation.  With the
help of some of my friends you could spend your days learning how to truly
satisfy a woman, and then at night you could demonstrate how well you learned
your lessons on me." Kurtz pressed the palm of her hand against Vicky's bulging
belly, causing her to tremble with dread at what might happen if the policewoman
made her begin vomiting up all the water that was distending her midsection.
Instead she was shoved backwards so that the nooses could once more twist and
untwist, causing her poor bloated breasts to feel as if they would tear away
from her chest at any second. Kurtz hissed through her clenched teeth, " Have it
your way you stupid cow. Now you will know what it means to truly suffer! "
	
	The first blow struck her kneecap with devastating force. Vicky nearly
passed out from the pain that lanced through the joint. Before she could even
begin to recover from that blow, a second caught her just below her bulging
stomach, and then a third landed on a hipbone. Vicky was in agony. She looked
down to see Kurtz drawing back her arm to strike her once more. This time the
nightstick sank into her water filled stomach and now she was truly in hell as a
torrent of water began issuing from her nostrils while even more of it backed
into her gagged mouth. Vicky began to suffocate as the water prevented her from
getting any air. It did not take long for her face to turn red, then blue as she
drowned in midair, her legs bucking futilely and her eyes popping from their
sockets. Kurtz laughed at her predicament and slammed the stick low across her
middle into the sensitive groin region. Even more water spurted from her
nostrils and quickly the pressure from the water flooding her mouth was
sufficient to tear away the tape that held her gag in place. A gusher of cloudy
water spewed from her mouth now as her lips turned blue, a sign not lost on
Kurtz. She ordered Vicky to be lowered to the floor to make it easier for her to
vomit up the water. Mrs. V had come as close to death as anyone could, but she
would survive.




						Chapter III
	
	
	When Chief Vlad heard what had happened to his nympho-wife, he vowed
vengeance on Kurtz. The stage was now set for the battle to begin and the chief
was about to make a direct frontal assault on this woman who had dared to
imprison his wife without his permission. The relationship between Vicky and the
chief began when he was still a sergeant. He had picked her up on a solicitation
rap, and as part of the standard operating procedure, had taken her to a
deserted part of the town for a good raping. He raped her once, and then after
she gave him a fabulous blowjob, he did her again. The second fuck was better
than the first and so he encouraged her to get him up for another round. To his
delight she got him hard as a rock in no time flat and soon his huge cock was
tearing up her tight pussy for the third time.
	
	That one was the best of the three, so he decided to take her back to
his place and really put the wood to her after his shift was over. He left her
naked and handcuffed to the toilet while he finished his shift. To make a long
story short, he kept Vicky naked and handcuffed for the next three days while
she was fucked bowlegged. He wasn't used to any woman wearing him out, so he
called on a few of his buddies to help. They in turn called on some of their
buddies for more help. After being fucked without rest for thirty-six hours
straight, the young whore finally begged for mercy. She didn't get any. Officers
from the neighboring towns were invited to pump her full of cop cum while Vlad
worked his shift. Finally after three days of almost nonstop fucking Vicky was
reduced to a lump of cum filled flesh that barely twitched even when Vlad rammed
his nightstick or fist up her fucked out cunt. Then she was arrested and taken
to jail by Vlad.
	
	 To his surprise and discomfort he found that he couldn't get that
pretty, big titted whore out of his mind. He had never fucked such a tight, warm
and comfortable pussy in his life. Not only that, she gave the best head he'd
ever had. He did some checking and discovered that she was only fifteen and had
lived in foster homes until she ran away at the tender age of twelve. The next
thing anyone knew, she was released to his custody. It took almost a year before
she was completely tamed. During that time he and his buddies raped her morning,
noon and night. When they weren't fucking her, they were beating or torturing
her. When they got tired of doing that, their girlfriends were invited over to
see what they could do to this stubborn piece of ass. Dozens of tapes were made
of her being raped and tortured. The proceeds from that venture allowed Vlad to
consider a more permanent relationship with this fuck machine.
	
	Another factor that entered into his decision was her obvious fertility.
She admitted to having been pregnant a couple of times before she met Vlad.
Being fucked thirty or more times a day without any protection, which was what
she got during the first couple of months she was with him, resulted in her
first pregnancy. Vlad and his friends took care of that one in a couple of
weeks, giving it to her at least forty times a day during the week and pumping
her around the clock on the weekend.
	
	 Three months later she was knocked up again and once more they pounded
away on her tired, stretched fuckbox until she aborted. Finally when she got
herself pregnant for the third time, he decided it was time to make an honest
woman out of her. He arranged for the mother of all gangbangs, a nonstop fuck
fest that would last until she aborted, no matter how long that took. For five
days and nights she was kept awake with uppers while her cunt was pumped,
pounded, drilled, filled, reamed, wrecked and ruined by hundreds of cocks. When
they weren't fucking her cunt into a pulpy mass of swollen flesh, she was taking
gigantic enemas and fiery douches guaranteed to eventually induce an abortion.
This combination had the desired effect and on the morning of the sixth day she
began to bleed. They continued to fuck her to make sure and the bleeding got
worse. She finally had to be taken to the hospital where she stayed in the
intensive care unit for almost two weeks. A week after she was released, she and
Vlad got engaged on her sixteenth birthday.




						Chapter IV
	
	
	
	They had a long engagement. Vlad decided that Vicky should go back to
hooking to earn her keep and pay for the wedding, honeymoon, new house and
furniture that were going to be required. He also expected her to continue to
entertain a few dozen of his closest friends and business associates on a no-fee
basis. Later on he decided that she needed another job, and so she began to work
for Tom Kurtz, making porno and specialty videos. After a year of her hard work
they had accumulated almost a hundred thousand dollars. So they got married.
	
	At the wedding reception, while Vlad and his friends ate and drank, his
new bride serviced a steady stream of friends, business associates, and
merchants, plus their girlfriends and wives. To guarantee her willingness to
perform any service that was desired, Vicky was kept naked and securely
restrained by handcuffs. Always the thoughtful husband, Vlad made sure that the
guests also had access to an adjoining bathroom for those interested in water
sports or other kinky activities. Although it was a wedding and not a birthday,
many of the guests took the opportunity to spank or whip her for good luck and
to assure that she would have something to grow on. Unfortunately for Vicky many
of the guests badly overestimated her age, one rather inebriated type claiming
that she was at least one hundred. No one bothered to argue with him, even
though he insisted on using his belt to decorate her swollen ass.
	
	The honeymoon was just as interesting.  A friend of a friend ran the
hotel they stayed at, and he was only too happy to have Vicky provide her
intimate services for the room and their meals. When she wasn't working for the
hotel as their resident prostitute, Vlad had her down by the pool showing off
her bruised body in the skimpiest bikini allowed for other potential customers
who worked on her in their room while he taped and photographed the action.
Vicky even found time to give her new husband a little pussy and a lot of ass
almost every day.
	
	As luck would have it, as soon as Vicky started hooking after returning
home, she was picked up and thrown in the slammer. It seems she'd gotten a
little behind in paying her licensing fees. To teach her a lesson, Vlad decided
to let her serve some time. Before she went in, he arranged to have her paroled
to his custody for the weekend. He invited some of his meaner friends and their
friends to give his wife a proper send-off.
	
	Vicky was fucked bowlegged by the hour. When they weren't reaming out
her asshole or stretching her cunt, she was taken out to the garage for a
whipping or into the bathroom for an enema or to swallow some piss. On Sunday
afternoon, when only the hard core rapists were interested in her gaping asshole
or swollen snatch, the ladies were invited to give her an idea what to expect
when she went to jail. She took strap-ons that made her cunt and asshole bleed.
She took fists that pounded her cervix and put a major tilt into her uterus. She
ate pussies that hadn't been washed in a week, drank piss from the tap and took
some of the cruelest beatings she had ever endured. Vlad didn't mind the damage
that was done to her, noting that she'd have a whole month to heal up if she
behaved herself in jail.
	
	A month later a thinner, more subdued wife returned to Vlad. Later, when
she stripped down he discovered that Vicky had a few mementos of her stay in
jail.  Her big tits were covered with teeth marks and a few cigarette burns,
evidence that it had taken some convincing before Vicky learned who was boss in
jail. Her ass was crisscrossed with welts, some of them very fresh. Vicky had
evidently not made it easy for her friends in jail to have their way with her.
When he shoved his long thick cock deep into her cunt, she gasped in pain. "
Dildos or fists?" he asked as he began to fuck her with deep fast strokes,
bringing more gasps and moans from her. " Both " Vicky said between grunts. Vlad
laughed and picked up the pace, squeezing his wife's sore tits as he battered
away on her sore cunt. " Hope you learned your lesson. Next time it'll be six
months and I won't bother checking on you every so often like I did this time."
	
	Vicky felt good for the first time in a month; at least he cared about
her in his own way. She hoped he had enough energy to fuck her asshole next.
Unfortunately he didn't. There had been a number of women who made sure that his
bed was never empty during Vicky's stretch. Sometimes more than one joined him
after his shift, making a sandwich of him and his big, hard dick. A few saw it
as an opportunity to maybe pry him away from Vicky. Try as they might, and they
tried very hard, he remained loyal to her; perhaps realizing that none of them
could bring home the kind of money that his wife did.
	
	Another year passed and their nest egg grew as Vicky, fortified with
double doses of birth control pills plus an IUD, plied her trade every night
including holidays. New Year's and Christmas Eves had been extremely profitable
evenings for the now eighteen-year-old whore. During the days Vicky made extra
money by doing porno and specialty tapes. She liked making the porno stuff
because she met a better grade of stud and really enjoyed the sex. On the other
hand the specialty stuff paid a whole lot better, but her costars were usually
animals, both literally as well as figuratively, and what she had to do with
them either hurt or made her feel totally humiliated. However she did them
anyway because the one time she had complained to Vlad, he had taken her to the
garage and beat her senseless with a rubber hose, which didn't leave many marks,
but hurt like hell for days afterward.
	
	
					( To Be Continued )










The Family Vlad
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 5 (revised)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One day Vlad suddenly declared that Vicky's cunt was off limits to her customers and the Kurtz studio. He told her to go off the birth control pills and had her go to the doctor to have the IUD removed as well. It was time for them to start a family, a prospect that thrilled Vicky no end. Of course she had to continue working, which meant that she now only did oral and anal. Her customers generally had no problem with this change and the guys at Kurtz Enterprises were happy since her price for anal came down. Vicky was happy because she saw the end of her life as a full time whore; being a mother, even part time, would be great.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Within two months she was pregnant. Vlad celebrated by having an orgy with four women that lasted an entire weekend. Unfortunately Vicky was now faced with the prospect of working double shifts to pay for the expenses associated with having a child, not to mention the wages lost by having to stop working for perhaps two to three months after delivering. These matters seemed trivial to Vlad, who insisted that she work up to the final month of her pregnancy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Always looking for an angle, Vlad knew that many of her potential customers would be willing to pay even a higher price for her services once she began to show. The way he figured, the bigger she got, the higher the price she could command. At home it worked out even better for him. As the months rolled by and Vicky's belly got bigger along with her tits, she developed a tilt to her vagina. Vlad discovered that nailing his wife was a new and even more satisfying experience. The best pussy he ever had just got better. Vicky's life was now complete.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Val was their first, followed by Veronica a year later. Vlad decided that he wanted a bigger house and so his wife went back to being a full time whore. To cut down on child care expenses Vlad arranged to have a few trusted prisoners from his jail take care of his two children while Vicky was out hooking. They took their responsibilities very seriously, realizing their fate if some harm came to the children while they were taking care of them. Two years later she took "maternity leave" and Viviane was born. Vlad then had her tubes tied, deciding that three kids were enough.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was determined to keep her working, even though he now was a lieutenant, with hopes&nbsp; of making captain in another five years. Then it would be more appropriate for his wife to stay at home. Besides he knew that competition from younger whores with firmer tits and tighter pussies would eventually force her to work for less than top dollar, and that was not in keeping with his perceived status as pimping the best whore in the county.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Life at home was busy, but at least Vlad's buddies had finally stopped dropping by for a free fuck whenever the spirit moved them. This was one fringe benefit that Vicky really and truly appreciated. She still had her exclusive clientele that paid top dollar for her special services, but they too were beginning to fall by the wayside as time passed and their number and needs began to diminish. Still, the prison help allowed Vicky to bring home a tidy sum every week. For the next six years their nest egg grew substantially, and finally Vlad made captain. Vicky was approaching thirty now and finding it very difficult to get more than half a dozen clients in a day. She was supplementing her income anyway she could; nude modeling, specialty videos, an Internet site, even phone sex.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was her ever resourceful husband who came up with an opportunity that had the potential to replace most of Vicky's lost income in one fell swoop. Kurtz Enterprises, for which she had worked many years ago, had come up with a new concept for their amateur porn videos which were to be produced strictly for the European and Japanese markets. The way they planned the line they needed only a few female performers. However they had to be willing to do almost anything with members of either sex as well as animals. Vicky had done some bestiality work and didn't like it in the slightest. She also had an aversion to sex with other women. So when Vlad casually mentioned that he had signed her up to star in the first few productions of this new line of porn, Vicky said no. Vlad hit the ceiling, and then he hit Vicky, and not just once or twice either.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been a very long time since Vlad's wife had hung by her wrists from the garage rafters, naked and gagged. Soon she was reliving painful memories as Vlad worked on her bare body with his trusty rubber hose. First he pounded her breasts until they looked like two purple bowling balls hanging from her chest. Then the length of hard rubber sank into her soft belly and then went lower to split her thick-lipped cunt. He went up one leg from ankle to thigh and repeated the process in reverse on the other. He cracked the hose across her rounded ass again and again as her globes jiggled in rhythm to the blows that fell on them. She would piss blood for days afterward due to the drubbing her kidneys took. Finally the hard rubber club fell again and again upon her shoulders and upper arms, causing them to cramp so badly that she passed out.
Vicky was jolted awake by a horrible pain radiating from her navel. Vlad was grinding out his lit cigar in that fleshy hollow.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Are we awake now?" Vlad snarled. "Good, now you listen to how it's gonna be. You are going to do exactly what Ted Kurtz tells you to do or I will break your arms and legs before I pour gasoline on your sorry ass and set you on fire! If you think I'm kidding, try telling Kurtz no anytime soon!"

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To emphasize his words he landed a series of vicious blows to his helpless wife's pubic mound and finished by driving the end of the hose deep into her swollen cunt. Vicky lost control of her bladder and pissed all over herself. That created a new set of problems as her furious husband responded by delivering a few more crushing blows to her rib cage, making it agony for her to draw breath. Then he cut her down and kicked her in the stomach and ribs until she doubled up into a ball in an attempt to protect her bare body from further abuse. Vlad stomped out of the garage without another word, leaving his wife to drag herself into the house and try to regain her composure.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A new stage in her life had begun with consequences for Vlad that he could not have possibly imagined. Ever since she started to mature physically, Vicky had been subjected to all sorts of abuse. It had begun once she turned 13, with her various foster parents; the men having sex with her, and the women punishing her for the sins of their husbands. This had continued during her years as a teen prostitute, taking whatever her cusomers wanted to dish out to her because they had bought her body. Next it had been Vlad, her jailer, master, husband and the father of her children. Now things were about to come full circle. Despite everything, she still was the victim. This time her tormentor would be Ted Kurtz, the man who had thought up this new method of hurting and humiliating her. Something lodged deep within Vicky Vlad snapped and this battered woman decided that if she couldn't defeat these people, she might as well join them. Little did she realize that this deviation from the path she had trod helplessly for decades would ultimately fracture the relationship she had with Vlad.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vicky took to her new life with an enthusiasm that amazed everyone, including her husband. Whatever it was, she did, only with her own extra twist to things. It started with her first scene in which she was supposed to take on half a dozen well hung studs for a down and dirty, no holds barred, gangbang that would include oral, anal, double penetration, plus slapping&nbsp; and choking. What made this one more hard edged than the standard porn gangbang scenes was the fact that it would be shot in real time with no editing or breaks in production. By the time they finished shooting this tape it had blossomed into her versus eight men. To make it even more graphic her hands were handcuffed behind her back during the entire two hour scene. Besides the standard bill of fare she also was fisted, took a number of golden showers and was spanked by most of her sex partners when they were unable to further ream out her gaping holes. She swallowed load after load of semen as well as spit and even snot from one rather badly infected member of the rape gang.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each new tape that she made was further off the beaten path, even for European and Japanese films. When she was told that her costar would be a pony, Vicky insisted that a full grown horse be used. It took her over two weeks to recover from that episode, but it also established her as a major force in the Kurtz Enterprise organization. It was Vicky who suggested a gangbang production featuring herself, restrained of course, and a pack of dogs. It took nearly two days to make because of the difficulty in controlling the animals, but there was some great footage captured showing her sucking off one dog while another reamed out her asshole; possibly a first in the genre. Vicky also produced, directed and played the lead in a series of sadomasochistic lesbian tapes that became best sellers for the organization. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This bizarre metamorphosis was not lost on Vlad, who found it more and more difficult to control his wife. It was as if the Vicky he knew had been hijacked and replaced by this self confident, strong willed individual that somehow occupied his former wife's body. Initially he was pleased wth her response to his edict, but with the passage of time he began to reconsider his attitude toward her behavior. He was not at all comfortable with this new, very aggressive person that was occupying his house and bed. Things had now come to a head wth her arrest and imprisonment.










Chapter 6 (revised)


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad had wasted very little time getting involved in this matter. He had a strong feeling that Vicky had been setup in this case and so he did some fact finding while his wife was being put through&nbsp; the wringer in more ways than one. It seems that while he was "interviewing" the eight young men supposedly involved in the statutory rape accusation, Sergeant Kurtz was running Vicky's tits through one of those old fashioned washing machine roller attachments still found in these parts. It turned out that these teenagers had been indeed invited over to have sex wth Vicky, since she was casting for her latest porn epic. Without exception they were all at or above the legal age of consent for this county, a fact that seemed to have escaped the arresting officer, Kurtz. Not only that, they were to be wearing masks so that they could not be identified. The other accusation concerning contributing to the deliquency of a minor lost most of its teeth since at best the teens were guilty of truancy, which at worst was a misdemeanor.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad had also involved the county coroner, Lt. Norwood of his department, to make a determination of the age of the housekeeper that Vicky was employing. According to him ,and he was some kind of an expert when it came to teenage females, a fact well known to judge Kurtz, she too was well above the age of consent for the area, which was 14. The rest of the charges against her were outside the jurisdiction of the county and therefore would not be addressed or carried forward under any circumstances. Unless Kurtz knew something else that he didn't, she had no case. It was a very relieved chief Vlad who entered the hearing held the next morning in the subbasement of the jail.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ted Kurtz, Norwood, Vlad's lawyer and the DA attended this preliminary hearing. Sergeant Kurtz was no where to be found, having&nbsp; somehow managed to spirit Vicky Vlad out of the basement of the station. Even as the judge was hearing the testimony from his brother, Vlad and Norwood, his daughter, with her prisoner in tow, was heading for the judge's secluded ranch located in the hills outside of the town. If the sergeant had her way, Vicky would get plenty of fresh air, exercise and be able to commune with nature, including the animal population of the ranch. She had some very ambitious plans for this guest, plans that included a great deal of pain and humiliation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having made sure that her guest was in good hands, Kurtz headed back to the town. Little did she know that she was being tailed. Even before she had reached her apartment, the chief's men were already freeing his wife from her captors at the ranch. The next morning when she entered the station, she was greeted by a delegation from Vlad. She was quickly overpowered and the kicking, cursing sergeant was dragged down to the subbasement where Vlad and the judge awaited her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This nonsense must come to an end!" Judge Kurtz exclaimed as soon as his struggling daughter was brought into the room. "Hear me well Candi, I have had enough of this contest of the wills between you and the chief. We are going to resolve this matter to my satisfaction before you or he leaves this room." The men released her and she stood there glowering.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Candi Kurtz listened in shocked silence as her father, the judge, explained that her charges had no merit and could, in&nbsp; a court of law, leave her open to a number of serious charges that might result in her incarceration, effectively ending her career in law enforcement. As bad as that sounded, it got worse when the jurist also mentioned that she would almost certainly face a civil suit that in all likelihood would mean monetary damages that would probably make her a pauper for the rest of her life. Then her father gave her a knowing smile as he twisted the knife a little bit, suggesting that perhaps the Vlad family might choose to have her take over the duties of housekeeper and any other function that might bring a degree of harmony to the famiy. The thought of becoming the Vlad family sex slave, servicing Vlad and Vicky as a minimum and with the passage of time soon adding others to the list was a frightening prospect. Then she snapped out of her reverie as she heard her father pronounce his decision on this rivalry. it was not one that she enjoyed hearing.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The chief and I have agreed to an exchange. His wife will be joining me at the ranch as my guest while you in turn will be joining him at his home. This arrangement shall be in force until such time as you can convince me by deeds, not words, that you and the chief have come to an accommodation on the&nbsp; matter of his wife. During this period you and the chief shall both be put on leave and Lt. Rizzo will be temporarily in charge. I will hold a hearing on this matter in two weeks to determine if a suitable arrangement between the parties has been accomplished. In the event that it has not, I shall levy a penalty on that person judged&nbsp; to be at fault, which shall be in force until my next scheduled hearing."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You can't do this to me! This woman is a criminal, and must be punished. You are subverting the law!" Candi Kurtz exclaimed, her face red with fury.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Another word from you and I shall hold you in contempt! I'm sure the chief would be very happy to have you as his guest in his jail for the next thirty days." The judge's forceful answer gave the dark haired woman pause, and although she shook with anger, she remained silent. Judge Kurtz then turned to Vlad and gave him what was in essence some guidelines for what his limits were when it came to taming Candi Kurtz.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" She's all yours chief. Do what you think is best for the situation and forget she and I are related by blood. She has had this coming for a very long time. I just wish I had the energy to give the little bitch just what she deserves." Then just before his daughter was led away he added. " Chief Vlad, the next time I see my only child I want to be able to recognize her." The tone of the judge's voice took some of the edge off Vlad's preliminary victory.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He could barely suppress his pleasure as&nbsp; he watched Candi Kurtz turn over her shield to Lt. Rizzo, then be cuffed and hobbled prior to being taken to his waiting car. To add to her humiliation he had the sergeant put into the trunk of his vehicle before transporting her to this home. He took his time getting her to what would become her prison and torture chamber, stopping off to get some provisions and then taking a route that bumped and bounced her bound body against the walls and ceiling of his car's trunk.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even with her hands and feet secured, not to mention the abuse her body took from the rough ride, Candi Kurtz proved to be a handful. Although Vlad towered over his captive and outweighed her by more than a hundred pounds, it proved to be a challenge to drag her down the stairs to his basement workroom and secure her struggling body to his special "holding cell", a custom made frame guaranteed to securely restrain the most unruly guest. After catching his breath, the chief used a knife to cut the woman's uniform from her body and then stepped back to get a good look at his arch enemy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Always wondered what you looked like under that uniform." Vlad said with a grim smile. The now naked woman thrashed fruitlessly against the bonds holding her to the rectangular frame. She was plain of face, almost masculine, thanks to the severe haircut. It was almost as if she enjoyed flaunting her lesbian side to the outside world. It was evident that she worked out with weights; her body was&nbsp; toned with well defined&nbsp; muscles that rippled every time she pulled at the restraints holding her to the frame. Vlad was secretly impressed at her strength; none of the other female occupants of this "mini holding cell" had ever exerted such force against it, even those in the throes of agony, blindly attempting to escape the pain that was being dispensed to their helpless bodies.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no way that the chief was going to give Kurtz any satisfaction despite the strange attraction that her muscular body was having on him. This was a woman who could provide many strong children based on her wide hips and pelvic structure. The thought of forcibly impregnating his strong willed enemy appealed to him on many levels, but that pleasure woud have to be deferred until this nasty situation, that she had caused, was resolved.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A forest of black, curly pubic hair concealed her cunt even though thick leather straps spread her legs wide as she squatted within the confines of the frame. She even had a "happy trail" running up to her navel. He smiled as his eyes took in her hairy armpits, evidently trimmed on occasion, but never shaved. There was much that could be done with such an abundance of body hair located in so many sensitive areas.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her pancake shaped breasts barely moved as she exerted her energy to free herself. They might have been laughable on most women, but on this ball of angry muscle they seemed most appropriate. Her nipples were as hard as stone as they jutted out from the nearly black areolas. Was that the result of the coolness of the basement, or perhaps from fear mixed with excitement? He would soon find out for himself.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To give Kurtz a faint taste of what lay before her, he leaned down and wrapped a single strand of her pubic hair around his index finger. He stared into her eyes, his own baleful with the promise of terrible things to come, enjoying the hatred for him that was bottled up within her. Then he slowly pulled that single pubic hair until the flesh around it was stretched to its limit, watching as her eyes blinked from the growing pain.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have very healthy hair I see. It's going to be fun to rip each one out like this!" As he finished speaking, he yanked the strand from her crotch, bringing a gasp of pain from the brunette.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad decided to treat Candi Kurtz no differently than any whore who got out of line in his town, with one exception; there would be no gang raping initially. He wanted her all to himself when it came to the matter of raping her. He secretly hoped that he might be the first man to spend his sperm inside her. That would be a major triumph and one that she could never live down. Naturally she would also become very familiar with his penchant for lengthy, harsh beatings employing various implements such as his trusty nightstick, which also doubled as a raping tool, lengths of electrical cabling that left bruises so deep that they might take a month to heal, and his old reliable, the rubber hose that rarely left any evidence behind although its victims felt as if their bodies had been gone over with small hammers.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Normally this was his stock and trade; it had always worked for him in the past. However deep inside there was this gnawing concern that this muscular spitfire would require more than the standard bill of fare from him. The final words of her father had also established another set of boundaries that would inhibit how he could treat this woman. He would have to be very careful in dealing with this one. Life was not easy for the chief at this moment. When it came to matters like this, Vlad was not accustomed to thinking, he merely let his urges determine what had to be done. In this case depending on his instincts could be fatal to his hopes for advancement or even result in the loss of his freedom.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be&nbsp; continued )

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



					THE FAMILY VLAD


					     Chapter 7


	Vlad decided that the best way to handle his reluctant guest was with a
welcome to my house beating, one that she would never forget. The warning from
Judge Kurtz was still fresh in his memory and so he decided to put a leather
hood on Candi to protect her face. He soon realized that her short but full hair
style made it very difficult to fit the hood properly. His face lit up when the
solution to this problem came to him; he would give her a haircut.

	 The sergeant was decidedly unhappy at the propect of losing her hair.
Vlad on the other hand really got into the process. He sheared her thick locks
with an electric razor that left her head covered with a rough stubble. Although
the woman struggled mightly, her efforts were in vain. When Vlad proceeded to
produce a straight razor to complete the job of denuding her skull, she thought
better of resisting the first time the blade slipped and a trickle of blood
began its long journey down her naked body. Despite a few more nicks she
submitted to having her head turned into a gleaming dome of irritated skin. When
he splashed some rubbing alcohol over her tingling scalp she could not refrain
from gasping in pain. A few seconds later the leather hood slipped easily over
her head, blotting out the sight of the dingy basement which was to become her
home away from home.

	Before beginning her punishment he made some adjustments to the wooden
frame to which she was secured. The guy who designed and built it was a parolee
that Vlad had gotten released to his custody. He had created a one of a kind
fixture that Vlad had happily employed on many dozens of recalcitrant women and
girls, mostly whores and runaways. Candi Kurtz was certainly a step up from the
typical occupant of this wonderful piece of basement furniture. When he finished
cranking the frame into the desired configuration, she was stretched fully,
making every portion of her well muscled body easily accessible.

	 Vlad secretly congratulated himself for using the hood as he picked up
a rubber truncheon given to him by a visiting constable from the UK in
appreciation of some help he had provided. His guest wouldn't be able to prepare
herself for the assault he was about to deliver, not being able to see what he
was using or where he planned to apply it on her body. This was going to be a
lot of fun, at least for him. He took up a position behind her.

	The first few blows landed on her lower back, in her kidney area. He
paused to let the full effect of them sink into her. He switched the truncheon
to his other hand and drubbed her other kidney with a series of measured strikes
that sank into her solid flesh. This was one of the advantages of being
ambidextrous, he didn't have to shift his position and telegraph where he was
going to hit her next. He took his time delivering each blow, moving back and
forth in a random pattern, tattooing her kidney areas which gradually began to
discolor from the relentless assault he delivered. Through it all she made very
little noise, an occasional grunt or gasp at a particularly hard or well aimed
hit. "You'll be pissing blood for a week after this going over", Vlad snarled
when he decided she'd had enough of the truncheon.

	He replaced the truncheon with another of his favorites, a homemade
affair consisting of a number of small diameter electrical cables twisted
together with the ends stripped, exposing the braided copper wire. He hefted it
in his hand, drew back his arm and delivered the first blow, across her back
just below the shoulder blades. Candi Kurst's muffled scream of agony as the
cruel whip tore open her skin brought a smile to his face. She would learn to
dread this vicious implement as it ripped and tore the flesh from her back,
thighs, belly and even her pancake shaped tits. His guest took a series of
lashes that moved down her smooth muscled back and ended just above the cleft in
her ass. She never stopped screaming as the blood oozed from the deep gashes
that this horrible weapon produced.

	Normally Vlad would have continued with this brutal beating, but for
some insane reason the sight of that bleeding muscular body got to him. He had
to fuck her now! He had to feel her quivering body as he ripped into her with
his hard cock. It took only moments for him to be ready; his long, thick
battering ram ready to tame this hated enemy. He took her from behind, splitting
Candi's hairy cunt with one brutal thrust as he clawed at her hips and rubbed
his chest against her bleeding back. He set his feet for leverage and started to
slam his cock into her again and again, enjoying the feel of her hard muscled
body attempting to fight him off.

	It slowly dawned on him that her cunt wasn't the desert wasteland he
thought he would encounter. Despite her struggles, grunts and muffled curses,
this woman's cunt was getting wetter with each stroke he delivered. This was not
the way it was supposed to be. He expected her to be a virgin so that he could
have the pleasure of being the first to force his way into her deepest part.
There had been no resistance to speak of, and now to make matters worse she
seemed to be enjoying the treatment she was receiving. This wasn't fair! He
redoubled his efforts, slamming his hips into her firm butt as he tried to will
his entire body into that wet, suctioning channel that was trying to drain the
life from his cock.

	In his entire life Vlad had never lost control when it came to sex. He
prided himself on always being in command, yet he was unable to handle this
totally unexpected situation. Then with feelings of fury and disbelief he came
inside her warm, yielding cunt, flooding it with his sperm almost as if she and
not he was in charge. He heard this horrible scream, so loud it hurt his
eardrums. Then he realized it had come from him, another violent indication of
his inability to deal with what was occurring. She would suffer the fires of
hell for what she had just done to him.

	For some inexplicable reason he did not immediately lash out at his
helpless victim. The primal part of him wanted to beat her bloody, to revel in
the sound and sensation of his fists exploding against her flesh. That's what
had happened to that runaway! He began to remember part of it now. He heard the
cracking of her cheekbones and jaw as his fists shattered them, her grunts as he
broke rib after rib, her shrill screams as her internal organs were devastated
by the fury of his attack, then her silence punctuated only by the sound of his
fists still pounding into her cooling flesh.

	Candi Kurtz never realized how close to death she came that day. Vlad
shuddered as the memory of what he'd done washed over him. This could not happen
now, not with this woman. There would be no escape from her father. Vlad would
be doomed, his tightly controlled world torn apart by one fatal mistake. The
urge to survive won over his primordial rage. He backed away from his hooded
captive, found the stairs and stomped up them to make a phone call.

	As he headed toward the phone he thought of his old friend, the parson.
Memories of watching that mountain of a man nearly kill the biker chick who
ultimately became his companion and slave flashed before his eyes. If only he
was still around, they'd be able to bend this bitch to their collective will.
Instead he and Nancy had fled the county and probably the state after the mishap
involving that wayward woman from up North. He remembered arresting her for lewd
conduct and spending a day or so supervising and participating in the trial and
carrying out the sentence that he pronounced. Afterwards she was returned to her
relatives for more intensive rehabilitation.

	 That was when the parson became involved.  He had some issues that
involved Nancy and his image in the community. Things had not gone well after
the initial session with that slut. The woman was given a taste of the hell she
would experience after death unless she saw the light and asked for forgiveness
and help. At the next session she still resisted and paid a very severe penalty
for her allegiance to the Dark One. The woman, her name was Jill or Julie,
required hospitalization for nearly a month and it was not possible to quietly
handle this matter. People from outside the county became aware of the
situation. To retain their freedom it was necessary for the parson and Nancy to
disappear without a trace. It was almost three years since that had happened,
and Vlad doubted he would ever hear from his friend again.




					Chapter 8



	" Chief Vlad, we're going to have to stop meeting like this."

	The county coroner, Doctor Norwood, was  tall and graying, whippet thin
without any trace of a paunch that usually identified the men of the area. He'd
been married twice, but neither wife could live up to his expectations. He and
Vlad had worked together for nearly ten years, but socially had gone their
separate ways. Over time Vlad had developed a feeling of confidence in this
sardonic functionary. Even so, what he was about to do required almost an act of
faith. Vlad would not be disappointed in this new partnership.

	Vlad led his visitor down to the basement. Norwood made a soft clucking
sound as he circled the frame that held the muscular woman. His eyebrows arched
as he took in the gashes across her back and the bruised areas that had been
created by the rubber hose. He paused and stared at the streaks of drying cum
that marked her firm thighs. Vlad stood motionless, waiting for some reaction
from the doctor. Suddenly the coroner reached out and captured a few strands of
the forest that grew in her armpit. He yanked them from their mooring bringing a
grunt of pain from beneath the hood. A thin lipped smile broke across his
previously impassive features. " This looks like it could be a lot of fun. It's
been getting very boring around here these days and this may be just what I need
to get the old juices flowing. Count me in on this little deal, whatever it is.
Let's go upstairs and talk."

	For the next hour or so Vlad mostly listened to what the doctor had to
say, which was plenty. The first insight took him back quite a bit. "This little
lady will not be a pushover, she's tough as nails and in terrific shape. What we
have to do is wear her down so she'll be in a position to see the wisdom behind
our demands. This will not get done overnight. My guess is that it may be at
least a couple of weeks before she'll be in anything like a receptive frame of
mind. From the looks of things you were trying the old ways on her already; that
ain't gonna work my friend. You keep going that way and we'll have another
problem on our hands. Only this time it won't be easy to just fill out a form
and dispose of the body; the judge won't allow that."

	Grudgingly Vlad had to accept what he heard. This was going to require
some hard work and patience, the latter was definitely not Vlad's strong suit.
His companion then went on to describe his plan for getting the good sergeant
into the proper frame of mind needed for her to be convinced. " Starting right
now she goes on a starvation diet; no food for at least the next three or four
days and precious little after that. What she gets will be heavily salted to
keep her thirsty, maybe table scraps or perhaps something from the day old
garbage behind the burger joint. If her attitude shows improvement maybe she can
start having a little dog or cat food."

	To Vlad this was not the recipe he would use. He waited to hear what
else the coroner was planning, hoping it would entail some more personal contact
between him and his enemy. " I notice you must have shaved her head to make that
hood fit so snugly. Right now that's the least of her worries, but there is some
truth to the old saying about a woman's hair being her crowning glory. In her
case she's gone overboard considering the jungle of pubic and armpit hair she's
showing. Now here's what we do about that. I know for a fact that there are a
number of prisoners who absolutely hate her guts. Why don't you parole a couple
of the nastier ladies now occupying the jail to assist you in her makeover. I
wonder what they could do in day or so with a pair of tweezers and some rubbing
alcohol?"

	Vlad smiled at the thought of watching Kurtz getting plucked like a
chicken and not being able to do a thing about it. He thought about what fun it
might be to go over her shorn pubic mound and tender armpits with a dull razor,
scraping the sensitive skin raw with each slow pass of the blade. Then he
blinked quickly as the doctor added a few more ideas. " She'll be able to
survive longer without food than water. Here's where we kill two birds with one
stone. From now on the only liquid she gets has to be recycled, either through
you, me, our little helpers from the jail or the sergeant's own kidneys. After a
couple of days that piss will start tasting like champagne to her. Imagine how
thirsty she'll get once she starts gobbling down some heavily salted mess of fat
and rancid slops. Kurtz will be begging you for some of your piss to drink. The
day that happens is the day when you can start putting the screws to her. I know
you'll be really happy to start that phase of the program."

	Vlad's disappointment increased substantially when Norwood announced
that until Kurtz finished fasting there would be no rough stuff such as the kind
of beatings that the chief was famous for in the county. Then he brightened
considerably when he heard, " Chief, I have to leave to gather some items up
that will be required for her incubation period. Just to show my good faith in
you, while I'm gone why don't you put some fresh stripes on that piece of meat
hanging from that frame downstairs. Remember when I get back there shouldn't be
any fresh blood dripping off her carcass, and she better yell good and loud when
I twist those nipples to check that she's alert and conscious. Take your time,
I'll be away for a couple of hours. Let's see what kind of discipline you can
show her and me." The two conspirators laughed at this play on words. Vlad
however was still wondering what the hell hatching chickens had to do with Candi
Kurtz?

	The chief went downstairs to give his guest a fresh coat of welts. No
blood meant no knotted cables, whips, curtain rods or even the rattan cane he
reserved for special occasions. No blood also meant no blows, no matter what he
used, across her still bleeding back. He debated about using the rubber
truncheon, it hardly left any marks, but he knew that she wouldn't be able to
take a steady diet of that particular weapon. There was his trusty strap of
course. Perhaps a combination of the two would do the trick. First the hose to
soften her up and then he'd lather her with the strap until he tired. A quick
break and then back to the hose, only on a different area of her body. Yes that
sounded like a plan.

	 He kept reminding himself that she had to be conscious when all was
said and done. Maybe ten good whacks with the hose across those pancake shaped
tits to flatten them out even more, followed by the strap, perhaps twenty or
thirty of the best to give the area some color. He'd work one side and then the
other, alternating as he moved down her totally vulnerable body. Of course the
hose would really do some damage to her rib cage, that would be good, every
breath she took would remind her of what awaited once she was starved and
developed a taste for piss. He smiled grimly as he picked up the hand tooled
hose. He begin slugging her firm bottom, enjoying the sound it made, and
realizing that her ass was so well toned that the hose bounced off of it rather
than compressing the flesh. He began to get hard once more.

	True to his word Norwood did not return early, in fact he was gone for
nearly three hours. By then Vlad's arms were tired from applying the hose and
strap to his hard bodied guest. He'd taken two breaks, both times driving his
hard cock into her amazingly wet cunt and quickly flooding her channel with an
armada of wiggling sperm cells that blindly headed for her womb. Her power over
him infuriated Vlad to the point that during the second coupling he had lost
control and bitten Kurtz on the shoulder, drawing blood, fresh blood.

	The coroner carried his medical kit and a large duffle bag. Setting them
down he walked slowly around the naked, hooded captive, his eyes glued to her
sweaty, welted body. The sergeant looked as if she was wearing a red two piece
bathing suit, so concentrated were the strap marks across her small breasts,
that ass that seemed to be carved from marble, and her hairy cunt that was still
ooozing Vlad's last deposit. Finally Norwood spoke, " Chief, it looks to me like
you missed a few spots here and there." Then he pointed to the bite mark on the
woman's shoulder and added, "What the hell is that all about? Did you get hungry
or something?" 

	For a brief moment Vlad felt as if he were a child being scolded by his
father. Then he growled and replied, " That fucking bitch was playing games with
me and I put my mark on her to show who's the boss around here." That little
fabrication seemed to mollify the doctor, but only for a moment.

	 He pointed to the cum still dripping from Candi's swollen lipped cunt
and asked sardonically, " I suppose this is another way you took to mark your
territory, was she any good?"

	"I've had lots better." Vlad replied, embarrassed that he was so
defensive about this woman that he would flat out lie to save face. This flat
chested, hard assed bitch had him by the balls, and he did not like it, one
damned bit!

	The muffled scream that came from Candi Kurtz pulled Vlad out of his
reverie, and he glanced over to the frame on which she was vertically stretched.
True to his word Norwood had clamped her long hard nipples between thumb and
forefinger and was twisting them out and away from her flat breasts. His eyes
glittered while a cruel smile flashed across his face. Vlad felt very
comfortable at this moment. The good doctor was one mean bastard, just the kind
of partner he needed for the task ahead.

	Norwood nodded his head finally and said, " All systems seem to be
functioning. It's time for you and I to have a meeting up in the war room.",
jerking his head toward the stairs. The two men left Candi Kurtz alone to
consider what new torments awaited her.




					    The Family Vlad


						Chapter 9

	A few years ago the Gulf shrimp population that had attracted thousands
of Vietnamese refugees fell off abruptly, a phenomenon that occurred on
occasion. This in turn led to a tremendous influx of foreigners from the Gulf
into the county. Most continued to the North, merely passing through. Some
however proved to be "law breakers" such as Twan and her daughter, Tai.
Unfortunately they ran afoul of Vlad during a less than serene time in his life.
Twan and Tai were arrested and charged with vagrancy, solicitation and resisting
arrest. This in turn resulted in a close encounter of the nasty kind that left
Twan with a permanent limp and Tai pregnant, not exactly the best thing for a
thirteen year old to be experiencing.

	As luck would have it Dr. Norwood, the county coroner, had a thing for
pubescent girls of the Asian persuasion.  In fact for nearly four months he had
made regular visits to the cell in which the girl had been kept. Twan, who was a
survivor many times over, managed to convince the good doctor that her pregnant
daughter was in fact eleven years of age and was in the family way as the result
of being raped repeatedly by Vlad and his fellow officers. This information got
back to Judge Kurtz and strings were pulled. Tai's pregnancy was terminated and
she was paroled into the custody of Dr. Norwood who recently had divorced his
second wife and was in need of some help around the house. A position for Twan
was found at the judge's ranch, which was actually a country farm, a large
operation employing almost a dozen full time hands.

	She applied herself diligently to her assignments, made a good
impression on the judge with the exercise of her sexual skills and soon found
herself responsible for making sure that the main house ran smoothly. After
nearly a year of hard work and lots of pillow talk, she was reunited with her
daughter.

	 Tai still looked childlike, but she had aged considerably. Norwood had
become suspicious that she was not as young as her mother claimed. It took him
some time to finally extract the truth from the girl. She had stood up to the
savage beatings, the forced sex with his two dogs, even the cattle prod he used
to shock her senseless, but finally she caved in when he starved her and only
allowed her to drink his piss. Once he realized he had been duped, it was an
easy matter for the judge to arrange for Tai to be sent to his farm.

	When the judge announced to Twan that they were going to have a visitor
to the farm who might be staying with them for as long as a month, she just
looked upon it as more work for her. When he casually mentioned that she was the
wife of Chief Vlad, Twan could barely contain her rage. It was this man who had
crippled her and ruined her daughter; now she would have to serve his bitch.
Deciding that he had milked his little joke for all it was worth, the senior
Kurtz took her into his confidence, explaining as best he could that Vicky Vlad
was his prisoner and he expected Twan to treat her as such. To make it even more
enticing he told her that Vicky would be arriving the next day while he was in
town on a case which he anticipated would last for at least two, and perhaps
three days. The two shared a knowing smile when he added, " Am very, very not
happy with Vlad. She to suffer, and you to help me."

	The next morning, about an hour after her master left for town a deputy
drove up to the main house. While Twan watched, he popped the trunk of his car
and dragged a tall, voluptuous woman from it. Her hands were cuffed behind her
back and she was further restrained by a short length of chain that joined the
irons around her ankles. Twan gestured for him to bring the woman, and then led
the deputy and his prisoner down a long hall to the back of the main house. She
threw open the door and pushed Vicky into the sparsely furnished, windowless
room dominated by a double bed. The buxom brunette stumbled and pitched forward
onto the floor, a shoulder taking the full impact of her landing. Twan grinned
evilly at the woman's situation. Turning to the deputy she held out her hand and
pointed to the manacles on Vicky's wrists and ankles. He nodded and handed her a
set of keys. Twan bowed slightly and beckoned for him to follow her out, locking
the door behind her before escorting the officer back out to his car.

	Twan went searching for someone to assist her in getting Vicky settled.
She discovered two of the hands doing her daughter. This did not surprise her,
she was resigned to the fact that Tai had been permanently changed by her ordeal
in jail. Minutes later she supervised the two men as they freed Vicky from her
restraints, stripped her naked and wrestled the tall woman onto the bed where
with some effort they finally cuffed her wrists and ankles to the frame so she
was spread wide.

	The Vietnamese woman decided that the hands deserved a reward for
assisting her. She pointed at Vicky's shaved cunt and made a gesture indicating
that the captive was available for fun and games. The men wasted little time
availing themselves of the buxom captive. Pocketing the keys to Vicky's
restraints, Twan left to find more men to entertain the visitor.

	When the men were finally finished with Vicky she lay in a puddle of
sweat, semen and her own juices. Her big breasts were covered with teeth marks
and bruises from the rough handling they'd received. Her cunt lips were engorged
and her pubic mound had been scraped raw from the constant pounding she's taken
over the last few hours. Many of her rapists had come back for a second chance,
and one particularly oversexed type had done her three times in a little over
two hours. Still she didn't realize that this was just a prelude to some very
serious pain and suffering that Twan and her daughter would deal out to her
before the judge arrived to join in.

	The judge's housekeeper let Vlad's wife stew in her own juices until she
actually stuck to the scum soaked sheet beneath her spread thighs. She returned
in the company of her daughter, carrying a large pincushion studded with dozens
upon dozens of pins running the gamut in length. She pulled up a chair and
positioned herself close to Vicky's naked and very vulnerable body. Before her
victim even realized what happened, Twan stabbed her in the thigh with a two
inch long pin, sinking it up to its rounded head. There was silence for a brief
moment and then Vicky screamed as the pain radiated outward from the green
topped length of metal buried within her flesh. It took a while before a tiny
blister of blood broke the surface of her pebbled skin and spread slowly away
from the pin. Suddenly the girl reached out and drove another pin into Vicky's
armpit, bring a shriek of agony from her this time.

	For the better part of an hour the two of them took turns spearing their
victim's flesh in an agonizingly random pattern; an arm, sideways through the
belly, into the hip bone, the knee cap, through the side of the foot, beneath
the toenail, through the nipple, into the breast, always moving the target and
keeping the pain level on high as each thrust sent shivers of pain throughout
Vicky's sweat soaked body. When there were no pins left in the cushion, her two
tormentors began pulling the pins from her body until they were all moored in
the sturdy cloth covered ball. Then once again they depleted the pincushion,
this time concentrating on her shaved cunt with its fat inner and outer lips and
tender clitoris. The pain was made much worse when Vicky instinctively tried to
avoid being stabbed, trading an oblique assault for a more agonizing downward
thrust.

	By the time they were done with her, Vicky's body was stippled with
hundreds of tiny crimson dots of drying blood. The last round had been the
worst, they had driven the entire complement of pins into her breasts, using the
longest in the nipples and areolas. Instead of pulling them out this time, they
carefully squeezed her pincushion-like tits, driving the tiny skewers deeper
into her meat and bringing eerie sounds from their victim. At the time they did
not know that every hand on the farm was crowded outside the door to that
torture chamber. When Twan realized that, she smiled at her skinny child and
went to the door to welcome the men back for another go at the bleeding woman. 
They got a big kick out of being able to hurt her so horribly while they raped
her. Their work-hardened hands were no way near as sensitive as Vicky's
pin-riddled tits. It became a contest to see who could make her scream the
loudest or the longest. Darkness had fallen by the time they lost interest in
hurting the judge's guest.

	To her horror Vlad's wife received another visit from the housekeeper,
her daughter and two of the men who had participated in her two rape sessions.
Twan directed them as they looped ropes around her pin covered tits and cinched
them tightly before tying them to the sides of the bed, separating her breasts
into twin sausage shaped bundles of pain. Next the men yanked her cunt lips
apart pulling the fleshy membranes to their limit. While this was being done,
Twan and Tai began to pull pins from Vicky's sore, swollen bags of throbbing
meat. She began to scream nearly continuously as they used the pins to join her
cunt lips to her thighs and pubic mound. Any movement on the part of Vicky only
made the pain greater as her almost transparent cunt lips were unable to yield
further. Once Twan was satisfied that the pins could not be removed by her
captive's struggling she nodded to the men. They quickly undressed and took
turns drilling out her cum filled cunt and tormenting her stretched tits which
still contained the majority of the pins. Twan was disappointed when her
prisoner passed out from the pain, but she allowed the men to continue raping
and torturing her until they were satisfied that there was nothing else they
could do to her that would make her scream.

	Once the men left the room the two Vietnamese prepared to give their
captive one last dose of punishment and humiliation before allowing her to try
to get some sleep.  The teenager stripped off her clothing from the waist down
and then clambered over the bed and its occupant until she could squat directly
over Vicky's face. She grinned at her mother and licked her lips as she prepared
to give the helpless woman a golden shower. Her aim was perfect and a powerful
stream of dark colored piss rained down on Vicky's face, splattering across her
eyes and the bridge of her nose before painting her lips with the acrid liquid.
Vicky awoke with a start and screamed as her cunt lips felt as if they were
tearing away from the pins that anchored them securely to her thighs and pubes.
Things only got worse as Twan joined her daughter on the bed and started to coat
the rest of Vickly's body with her liquid offering. It took them over a minute
to empty their bladders. When they left the bed their captive was lying in a
pool of piss, semen, sweat and her own cunt juices while her body glistened with
myriad drops of pee that would soon dry in place, only adding to her discomfort.
As a final gesture to show her contempt for the woman Twan leaned over and spit
in her face, not once, but three times, taking care to generate the proper
amount of saliva and phlegm each time.

	It was a haggard, sleepless Vicky Vlad who greeted the dawn, her
stretched cunt lips feeling as if they were on fire and her bloated purple-black
breasts numb from the lack of blood circulation. The piss that coated her body
had now turned into a salt crust that was a source of constant irritation to her
skin. She could still taste the foul, salty residue of what had been sprayed
over her face by the spindly Vietnamese teen. The wet spot between her spread
thighs had widened considerably during the long night as more and more of the
cum that had been pumped into her yesterday slowly worked its way from her sore
snatch.It had been a very long time since she had taken that much cock in a
single day and she was the worse for it. Vicky started to wonder how long she
could take the type of punishment that these two fiendish foreigners were
dishing out to her. The numbness of her swollen tits caused her great anguish as
she began to fear that they might be permanently damaged from all the abuse they
had suffered. She started to panic as visions of her infected breasts, covered
with scabs and dripping pus, played inside her head.

	The housekeeper unlocked the door and entered to check on her visitor.
Twan poked a finger into one of Vicky's tits, noting her lack of reaction. She
probed further and extracted a long pin that had nearly disappeared into the
swollen mass of breast flesh. She waved it in front of Vicky's face and then
stepped closer so she could drive it through the buxom brunette's clitoris,
bringing a shriek of agony from her crusted lips. It was going to be a long and
very enjoyable day as far as Twan was concerned.

	Vicky was left to wallow in her misery while Twan made her rounds to
assure that all was as it should be in the main house. About an hour later she
returned, accompanied by two men, different ones than the pair that had assisted
the housekeeper yesterday. Vicky recoiled instinctively when they brandished
knives, which soon cut through the ropes holding her bulging breasts apart and
then sliced through the cruel nooses that had disappeared into her swollen tit
meat. Sensation quickly returned to her purplish globes and then the pain began,
dull at first, then sharper and more intense. She lost control of her bladder
and as she soaked the mattress the pain became overwhelming. Her screams made
the men step back, but Twan came closer to enjoy every moment of her victim's
suffering. Vicky sobbed, screamed, moaned and bellowed as her breasts throbbed
and twitched from the various sources of pain that seemed to radiate from dozens
of places within them. Vicky went into overload and passed out.

	Regaining consciousness she found herself outdoors dangling by her roped
ankles from the bough of a tree. Her hands were tied tightly behind her back and
loops of rope held her arms  tight to her body. Vicky was quick to realize that
there was no feeling in her tits; once more they were noosed and stretched to
the sides by twin ropes that were tied together in a thick knot that burrowed
into her spine. She felt nauseous, lack of food and water coupled with the slow
rotation of her body were taking their toll. Gradually she took in the group of
people that circled her naked body. Twan and her daughter were looking up at her
with smirks on their faces, enjoying her disorientation and helplessness. On
either side of the two Vietnamese stood half a dozen workers, also staring at
her with obvious relish. " At least they can't fuck me as long as I'm hanging
upside down like this." Vicky thought. Suddenly she heard a cracking sound,
immediately followed by a sharp pain across her ass.

	Vicky had no idea how long they whipped her with their belts. They
attacked her bare body from all angles, sometimes as many as three or even four
lengths of leather were biting into her flesh at the same time. Although her
breasts were numb, she could feel the impact as they were slashed with brutal
thoroughness. This was the kind of experience she had while in the dentist's
chair under local anesthetic, having oral surgery performed. It seemed as if
there was always at least one man whipping her bloated, pin cushioned tits, even
though she felt no pain. The same could not be said for her pussy which had no
protection because of the way her cunt lips were stretched and held by the pins.
Every time one of the belts found the gaping entrance to her snatch, it felt as
if her head was exploding. She blacked out now and then, only to be whipped even
harder until someone revived her by punching her face or trying to tear one of
her ears off. Her ass acted as a magnet for all of them. Arguments broke out
among the men, with claims of getting in the way of others and hogging her ass
being most frequently heard. Vicky at times fell into a trance, seeing and
hearing what was happening to her naked body without experiencing the agony that
came with it. Then a particularly hard or cruel blow would break her
concentration and she'd start yelping and screaming and begging for mercy all
over again.

	Twan declared a rape break, the first of many for the day. Vicky was
taken down and dragged into one of the farm's barns. They put her over a bale of
hay, on her stomach with her bulging tits jutting over one edge. Ropes were used
to hold her body in place and to make it easy to access either of her holes. Two
lines formed, one at her head so that she could either fluff or clean up after
she was fucked, and the other at her welted and bleeding ass. Meanwhile Vicky
squirmed to get into a position that would avoid bringing her stretched lips and
gaping cunt into contact with the prickly straw cube. Her efforts proved to be
in vain as the first set of hands grabbed her hips and thrust her bare body
against the bale of hay to allow her attacker some type of purchase as he raped
her.

	Her rape was as brutal and thorough as those preceding. The men now had
some idea of what they could wring from her voluptuous body and they were
determined to get every last drop of sweat from her straining form. To add to
her agony, those using her mouth seemed bound and determined to force their hard
lengths of flesh as far down her throat as they could so that they could enjoy
the strange sounds that came from her as she slowly suffocated. The only thing
worse were those who used her asshole. They would force their cocks, now coated
with whatever filth they had encountered within her tight back channel, into her
mouth to be cleaned, and then down her sore, scratchy throat to show that they
had the ultimate life and death power over her.




				The Family Vlad


				  Chapter 10


	The chief and Norwood sucked down a few beers as the coroner outlined
his plan for the next three or four days. "If I remember properly you have a
rather good sized storage closet in that basement of yours. That would be a good
place to keep her during most of phase one. That hood you put her in is a good
idea, but I want to go a step further. I want her not to be able to see, hear or
make a sound. Being a physician has its advantages when it comes to accessing
all sorts of interesting drugs. I'll start by shooting her up with something
that will paralyze her vocal cords, that'll take care of keeping her quiet. The
injection is going to make her go through the roof. I've been told it hurts like
fury. Then I'll seal up her eardrums with hot wax which will also make her wish
she had gone into another line of work. Hopefully she hasn't figured out who I
am, and I want it to stay that way until we're sure she's under control and
ready to be a good trooper. So before the hood comes off completely I'll give
her a little shot to put her out for a half hour or so. I've got some special
surgical glue to close those mean dark eyes for three, maybe four days. It's
neat stuff, it slowly loses its strength over time, so you don't have to rip off
her eyelids or some skin to let her see again."

	Vlad liked the idea of giving her plenty of pain, but he wanted to be
the one dishing it out. This plan sure wasn't doing much to turn him on. Norwood
was smart enough to realize this, and so he modified his approach to allow Vlad
to have some fun with her during the "incubation" period. He took a long pull on
his beer and continued to outline phase one. "I want to almost, but not quite
hang her."

	Vlad's eyes widened somewhat at this point and Norwood quickly added,
"No, not until she's awake and understands what's doing on. We adjust the noose
so unless she stands at attention, her neck will get stretched. She's a smart
lady, she'll get the picture pretty quick. Of course her hands will be cuffed
behind her back to prevent any funny stuff from happening."  Norwod paused and
smiled at his companion who obviously was struggling to figure out what all this
meant. Subtlety was not Vlad's strong suit.

	"Oh, I forgot one other thing. Once she's deaf, dumb, blind and awake we
force a couple of quarts of something nasty, that won't kill her, down her
throat followed by a few magic pills that will start her kidneys working
overtime. Then to make it really interesting I shove a catheter up her piss hole
and into her bladder. This one has been modified so that it really takes some
muscle to force any piss through it. That ought to keep her mind off her
troubles while she hangs around in the closet." As he finished speaking, Norwood
threw back his head and laughed like a madman while Vlad wondered what was so
funny.

	Once he recovered, Norwood tossed Vlad a bone or two. " Here's where you
come in chief. Every half day or so we take her out of the closet for a little
surprise. Maybe you get a chance to mark your territory again, but no more
biting. I'll bet she has a real tight asshole. Maybe you might want to see how
much you can stretch it. Maybe you get a chance to freshen up the welts she's
got. Wouldn't it be nice to make those pancakes swell up? I'll bet that hose
would really do a good job of pumping up those bags of hers. I'm sure we'll have
a good time watching a couple of her jail friends clean up that jungle hiding
her cunt and those bushes growing in her pits. My guess is it'll take a couple
of sessions to do the job really right. Are you up for it?" The wolfish grin
that broke Vlad's usually impassive face provided the only answer that Norwood
needed.

	A few seconds after the first needle broke the skin around her larynx a
muffled shriek burst forth from beneath the hood and Candi's body thrashed
against the bonds that held her fast. Vlad took a quick step back from the
frame, so quick and so powerful was the woman's reaction to the injection.  The
look on Norwood's face resembled some type of feral creature as he reveled in
Kurtz's agony. Before he gave their naked captive the second shot he slapped her
viciously across her tits, noting how stiff the nipples had become. Her
screaming ebbed quickly as the drugs took hold, paralyzing her vocal cords. "Ah,
peace and quiet at last," sighed the doctor as he withdrew the needle from her
neck.

	Vlad held the squirming woman in a brutal headlock, tilting her to the
side so that his partner could begin pouring the hot wax into her ear. Candi
almost broke free of his grip as she writhed in agony. Her struggles only
increased when he shifted her head so the other ear could be sealed. It was
strange to see her body in a frenzy of activity as she experienced the terrible
pain, but no sound issuing from her throat. "That takes plenty of the fun out of
it," Vlad griped. Norwood just raised his eyes and prepared to sedate their
prisoner. A few minutes later he finished gluing her eyes shut.

	While they waited for Candi to return to consciousness, Vlad installed a
sturdy hook into the ceiling of the storage closet, and the coroner busied
himself by inserting a catheter into the woman's bladder. He went out of his way
to make the process as invasive as possible, deliberately moving the tubing from
side to side as he threaded it through her piss hole, then jamming it as hard as
he could into her bladder. He chuckled as her body responded to the pain, even
though she was out cold. " Hey chief, get a load of this", Norwood shouted. Vlad
got closer and watched as the physician ripped the catheter out, making her body
twitch from the pain it caused. Once more he tortured the tender channel of
flesh, poking the catheter half way into her and then twisting and turning it,
all the while enjoying the response it  created in their naked captive. Finally
with a grunt he drove the tube deep into her bladder and taped it securely to
the inside of her thigh. He pointed at the length of plastic tubing now hanging
from Candi's cunt, and explained to Vlad that it was packed with a highly
absorbing material that would impede the flow of urine from her. " She'll really
have to strain all those belly muscles to make any room for all the piss that'll
be backed up at the door. I figure it will take at least three hours for the
material in the catheter to be completely saturated." Vlad did not seem to be
impressed at this subtle form of torture that the doctor had devised. When it
came to pain the chief was strictly a meat and potatoes kind of brute.

	They went upstairs and foraged for some suitable liquid to force down
the sergeant's throat once she woke up. The doctor finally settled on a mixture
of dishwater that had been sitting in the kitchen sink for at least a couple of
days, a cup or so of cooking oil and an equal amount of vinegar. He mixed up a
two quart solution, took a very small taste and pronounced it suitable for his
purposes. "Just to make sure she holds it down I'm going to stuff a pouch filled
with cotton into her mouth and tape it shut. If she tries to puke it up there's
only one way out,and that won't be pretty." Vlad nodded his head and smiled. He
remembered doing something like that to one of his prisoners, a fat teenaged
whore who needed her attitude adjusted. This was a trick the parson had showed
him. It was hilarious to see her spewing water from her nostrils while her face
went from pink, to red, and finally blue before she passed out. They went back
to the basement to see if "sleeping beauty" had awakened.

	Getting Candi to swallow her medicene was accomplished with some
difficulty and then they wrestled her from the frame and dragged her bloated
body over to the closet. Vlad put her in a choke hold to calm her down while
Norwood fixed the noose. Releasing the hold and getting the noose around her
neck took some effort, this muscular ball of pissed off femininity still had
plenty of fight left. Gradually it sank into Vlad that this naked, sweaty woman
was unlike any female he had dealt with. Still he would not, or could not,
connect the dots and realize that the reason his cock was getting hard again had
to do with the way she resisted him, despite the overwhelming advantage he had
over her.

	It was nearly ten in the evening before Candi was all buttoned up in her
new home. Norwood padlocked the door and put the key in his pocket for safe
keeping, afraid that the chief might jump the gun before he returned to let
their guest out so Vlad could play with her a bit. On the other hand he knew
that if Vlad wanted to get at Candi, he would, padlock or not. Norwood decided
at that point to become the chief's roomie while they worked on their prisoner.
He had enough flexibility in his work schedule that he could afford to handle
the routine stuff by taking off for an hour or two at a time. In fact he decided
that his buddy Vlad would benefit professionally if he tagged along and got some
first hand experience in the "deadlier" side of things.




					The Family Vlad


						  Chapter 11


	A little bit after nine the next morning, Norwood unlocked the closet
door to check on their guest. It had proven impossible to make Vlad wait any
longer. Candi stood rubber legged in a pool of her own piss, none the worse for
wear.

	" She's all yours Vlad, but remember, nothing too extreme, we want her
to have something to look forward to."

	Norwood winced when Vlad entered the closet and drove his knee up into
the woman's midsection. His sudden assault caused her to lose her balance and as
she sagged, the noose cut off her air supply. Vlad stepped back and laughed at
her struggles before he smashed his fist into her belly. She began spewing vomit
from her nostrils as the contents of her stomach tried to empty through this one
exit.

	The coroner pulled the chief away from his victim as she began to drown
in her own vomit. He yanked the gag from her mouth and lifted Candi so he could
free her from the noose. By the time he had her out of the closet and seated on
the floor regaining her composure, he was splattered with her vomit. He gave
Vlad a withering look and snarled,  "One more fuck up like that and I'm out of
here. If you want to go to jail for the rest of your life, or maybe worse,
you'll do it by yourself!"

	The vehemence of Norwood's outburst set Vlad back on his heels. No one
could talk to him like that, he thought, and then it finally sank into him that
when it came to this hard assed brunette he was out of his element. What the
hell was the strange power she seemed to have over him? Why was he always
getting hard around her? She didn't even have a decent set of tits and in the
wrong light she could almost be taken for a man.

	 Vlad couldn't be any more confused. It reminded him of that terrible
time when he realized that his cock did more than just get rid of piss and he
had the strangest damned feelings when he got close to members of the other sex.
It didn't matter if they were eleven like he was, or really old like thirty, his
dick would get hard and his heart would pound like he had been running. Now here
he was, full grown, the father of at least three children, a man who had
probably fucked over a thousand different girls and women since he realized what
they were good for, and he was back to being some confused kid again, all
because of that bitch! Why the hell did she have to be the daughter of the one
man in this county that had power over him? This wasn't fair!

	His partner in this venture could tell from the look on his face that
something very unpleasant was playing itself out within his head. Norwood
decided to give the chief one last opportunity to save himself from his own
worst enemy, himself. He adopted a more conciliatory tone of voice as he spoke
this time. " Chief, you are letting this little piece of fluff get in the way of
progress. She's nothing but a cunt; you know that, I know that. The trouble is
that for some strange reason she is getting to you, rubbing you the wrong way,
making you so crazy that you can't think straight. It's almost as if she's
inside your head, fucking with your mind."

	Norwood was good at reading people's faces, and he knew that he was dead
right this time. That bitch had gotten inside Vlad and was eating away at him
like some kind of a disease, a fatal one, unless he figured out some way to
block what she was doing to him. The coroner knew that there was no way that
Vlad alone could deal with something this deep seated that had decided to come
out and play with him at this time in his life. He took a deep breath and said
to himself, "The things I do for entertainment these days".

	Vlad was taken aback when abruptly the tall gray haired policeman kicked
Candi in the ribs, doubling her up in agony.  As she rolled around on the floor
trying to deal with the pain that radiated from her injured ribs Vlad stood
there with his mouth agape, unable to figure out what his companion was up to.

	 "Anybody can do that, even an old guy like me. Is that what you want to
be, just anybody?"

	Norwood's question stopped Vlad cold. He shook his head as if someone
had just hit him a good lick. Then Norwood finished him off as he said, "You and
I both know that there's only one Chief Vlad, even this piece of garbage that's
flopping around the floor like some fish you just caught.  Let me help you show
this cunt that she has fucked with the wrong man. Let me help, there are things
I can do that will set her up for when you decide to bring down the hammer on
her sorry ass. What do you say? " The smile on Vlad's face was answer enough.

	While Norwood made some calls to check up on what was happening at his
place, Vlad put some fresh welts on Candi's naked body with a thick leather
strap. He hadn't even bothered to string her up, she was still on the floor
trying to duck and dodge the blows that fell from all angles. Vlad was really
getting into this little exercise in domination; he enjoyed watching her cringe
and flinch after each stroke was laid on her. Unable to see, hear or protect
herself from the blows, his captive could do nothing but try to provide the
smallest target for him. That made it great fun for Vlad because he was able to
select an area and concentrate on it until she was forced to assume anther
position, which in turn exposed a fresh area for the thick leather strap to
attack. Vlad finally had to take a break, and while he rested Norwood discussed
his plans for her.

	" Let's give her a nice big drink, gag the bitch and hang her back in
the closet while we make the rounds. I have a few things I want to pick up to
use on her when we get back. You're going to love what we'll be doing to her
later on today."

	They were gone for the greater part of the day, but it was time well
spent. Vlad had arranged for a pair of whores who were serving time for
soliciting, compliments of the good sergeant, to be paroled to his custody later
on in the week. He had also taken the opportunity to let them know that if they
ever mentioned where they went or what they did to his mystery guest, they would
not only serve their sentence fully, they'd also be number one on his shit list
for the rest of their lives.

	" Damn, this place is beginning to stink to the skies! " Norwood
exclaimed upon their return to Vlad's basement. Their captive was once more
standing in a pool of her own piss, and had also taken a major dump, the source
of the rank odor that had greeted them. Vlad dragged Candi from the closet and
threw her to the floor. He searched around and came up with a hose that he used
to clean out the closet. Once this was accomplished he used it to torment his
archenemy, playing the stream across her face and battering her pancake shaped
tits flat to her rib cage.

	While the Chief was amusing himself, Norwood found a large metal pan
that looked as if it had been used at one time to hold paint. He showed it to
Vlad and grinned. " This ought to solve the cleanup problem from now on. In fact
I have an idea that will make it easier for our guest to stay awake during those
long dark nights in the closet. Let's dump some tacks and broken glass into this
pan and make her stand in it while she's contemplating the errors of her ways.
If we hobble her, it ought to make things even more interesting and really keep
her on her toes."
	
	 Vlad caught on to what his partner was suggesting and nodded his head
in agreement as he thought, " Norwood's right, why should we cut this bitch any
slack at all? "
	
	When Vlad announced he was going to give her asshole a good prodding
Norwood grinned and said. "Sure you don't want to see if you can knock her up?
Wouldn't that be nice if you managed to give her a little memento of her stay
with us?  Too bad I don't have enough time to find out when she's good to go as
far as getting knocked up is concerned. I guess you'll just have to take your
chances and hope for the best.  I'll bet she'd love to have a nice big belly,
swollen ankles and a constant urge to piss and throw up, all at the same time,
especially if she knew she was carrying your child." They shared a good laugh
over his remark.
	
	Candi was dragged over to the frame and despite her struggles, was soon
secured in a position that allowed Vlad easy access to her. A rope had been run
through her handcuffs and tied off to the top of the frame so that she was
forced to bend somewhat at the waist. Candi's legs had been pulled wide apart
and her ankles tied to the base of the frame. The frame was then readjusted to
allow her to be taken from a comfortable standing position. After ripping the
catheter tube from her bladder, Norwood stepped back and surveyed their captive.
He smiled and made a mock bow to Vlad as he said, " After you my friend; enjoy.
"

	Gaining entry past the tight ring of muscle that guarded her anal
passage was a struggle, but at last he penetrated her and began driving his
rigid cock deeper and deeper into her asshole as she continued to fight him.
Even after being deprived of sleep and food, forced to stand motionless for hour
after agonizing hour, and then taking a series of brutal beatings, Candi would
not give into him. Vlad's large hands grabbed her hips in a steely grip and
sought to control her movements, all the time driving further and further into
her back hole until he was buried to the hilt within her. For a brief moment he
paused, gathering his strength, and then began to batter her hot tight channel
with powerful thrusts.
	
	For almost an hour he relentlessly assaulted Candi Kurtz's asshole with
a fury that was impressive to his partner. He would pound away inside her for
perhaps a minute or two and then maul her hard nippled tits as he rested before
resuming his savage attack. The cycle grew longer as he developed a rhythm and
her asshole loosened from the terrible punishment it was absorbing. The first
time he came, he bellowed in a combination of triumph and rage as his seed
spurted deep into her bowels. To his surprise he remained hard.
	
	He spent a few minutes tormenting her stiff nipples, marveling at how
pointed they had become. On a whim he reached down and grabbed a handful of her
thick pubic hair. Then Vlad pulled out until just the head of his throbbing cock
was within her asshole. Then as he brutally drove the length of his stiff tool
into her sore passageway, he yanked out a portion of the black curly hair
guarding her pubes. Candi's body stiffened in pain and she tried to buck him
away from her. With a roar of delight Vlad squeezed her tits cruelly and tried
to tear them from her rib cage, all the while brutally thrusting as hard and
fast as he could.
	
	Vlad began to vary the angle of his attack to stretch her asshole
further. He switched to a corkscrew motion, moving from side to side as his hard
length of cock reamed her out. He put one arm around her waist and hugged her to
his chest to get even more of his cock inside her. This worked so well that he
put both arms around her in a bear hug and slammed against her tiring asshole
with even greater force.
	
	He put his hand against her cunt and pressed hard. She was soaking wet!
The bitch was enjoying what he was doing to her! This infuriated him; this was
not the way she was supposed to react. If anything his cock got harder and his
thrusts became even more frenzied as he blindly sought to make her suffer. The
bitch was not cooperating at all. Then as the realization of it all began to
sink in, he lost control and began hosing her insides with another load of hot
cum.
	
	" Damn Vlad, you practically turned her inside out. I am impressed!'
exclaimed Norwood as the chief pulled free of his captive. The look on Vlad's
face was not one of satisfaction. If anything he seemed to be frustrated,
perhaps even angry. This strange reaction made no sense at all to the coroner,
but he decided to let his observation remain private.
	
	The coroner assisted the Chief as they repositioned the exhausted woman
so that she was upside down with her legs spread wide, tightly roped to the
frame. Vlad wrapped the thick strap around his fist and took his stance between
her spread thighs, staring down at the thick pubic bush guarding her fat lipped
slit. He could not help noticing the beads of moisture that dotted that black
jungle of hair, further evidence that she had enjoyed what he had just done to
her.
	
	He began to whip her vulva with an unreasoning fury, landing blow after
blow to those swollen cunt lips. To Norwood it sounded like pistol shots as
again and again the strap found its target, splitting her open and causing a
froth of pussy juice to fly from her, splattering Candi's pubes and thighs. He
wondered if she was getting off from this as well.
	
	The Chief was a bit unhappy about the lack of any sounds coming from
her. He would have loved to listen to her screams and grunts as he cut her tight
twat into a bloody mess. He was so focused on hurting this devil in a woman's
body that when Norwood touched him he turned on the man with fury.
	
	 The coroner knew when to take cover and as he fell back he shouted,
"Vlad, it's me Norwood! God damn it, you're fucking out of control. Stop before
you do some serious damage to that bitch." The coroner knew that he was now on
very thin ice. Some kind of action was necessary in order to calm the Chief down
and gain his confidence once more. He hoped that his little surprise would do
the trick.
	
	Norwood grinned at the Chief and said. " While I was at the office I
picked up a little something that ought to make the sergeant's life a lot more
miserable and give you something more substantial to grab on to the next time
you ass fuck her. By tomorrow morning this bitch will have a set of tits that
are twice as big as what she's got right now. Not only that, they are going to
be sore, very fucking sore; so sore that even a poke of your finger will hurt
like hell. Can you imagine what she's going to feel when you use that strap on
those sore swollen tits? She'll probably try to come right out of her skin. All
it's going to take is a couple of very painful injections of a special drug a
buddy of mine came up with. He uses it on his girl friend instead of letting her
have a boob job, but the stuff he uses is diluted by a factor of ten because she
can't handle the pain it causes. Naturally our guest of honor will get it full
strength. "
	
	There was no doubt that what he heard had made an impression on Vlad.
Norwood could see the wheels slowly turning inside the Chief's head as the
implications of what this drug would do to this hard assed woman sank in. Vlad
watched with pleasure as the coroner prepared the first injection. The
hypodermic needle was huge and as Norwood filled the reservoir he provided his
partner with some information on the stuff that he was about to pump into
Kurtz's tits.
	
	"This stuff is derived from stinging nettles, which grow all over the
world, and bee venom. You've probably been stung by a bee in your life and you
know how that initial sting hurts. Try to imagine that pain lasting maybe an
hour without any letup. Can you imagine how much swelling might occur in an hour
if you kept getting stung in the same place time after time after time?  The
funny thing is that isn't nearly as bad as what happens with the nettle part.
When your skin contacts a nettle plant the hollow needles that cover it shoot
histamines into your flesh. These chemicals are major pain sources and can
really screw up the body's defense systems. It's like have a super-sized
allergic reaction just under your skin. In no time at all the area under the
skin is itching and swollen, big time. It's many times worse than poison ivy or
sumac in most cases. You cannot believe how much more damage happens when these
chemicals get deep into the flesh. This stuff is so concentrated that the
swelling is enormous because there's more area for it to work on and there's
lots and lots of histamines to do the deed. When I shoot up those crab apples
she calls tits, in about ten minutes Kurtz is going to wish she were dead. In an
hour she's probably going to go from 32A to 34B, and thanks to that little
injection I gave her yesterday we won't be disturbed by her screaming and
begging us to kill her. It's going to be a lot of fun to watch."
	
	"Shoot the bitch, do it!" Vlad exclaimed.
	
	Norwood smiled and suggested that Vlad help him move their captive into
the closet before he injected her As they wrestled the woman into the closet and
prepared her for another night the doctor continued to provide a somewhat
disinterested Vlad with even more information about this drug's effects.
	
	"Tonight we give her bladder a little rest. No sense in using a catheter
on her. The injection has an interesting side effect; it dehydrates the body. I
don't know exactly why this happens, but my buddy tells me his girlfriend can't
piss for half a day after he gives her a shot of this stuff."
	
	Finally they had a hobbled Kurtz standing in the metal pan now filled
with tacks and broken glass. She had already experienced the pain associated
with careless movement of her feet, and stood quite still. Norwood slipped the
noose around her neck and cinched it, muttering to himself that they had no way
to tell if she started to strangle herself. Vlad ignored his concern, eager to
witness the effect that the drug would have on the dark haired woman.
	
	At long last the coroner positioned the tip of the syringe so that it
would puncture her stiff nipple dead center, causing additional pain that would
quickly be forgotten as the injection began to do its work. He took his time
injecting their captive, moving the needle from side to side to inflict even
more pain on her. By the time he had finished saturating both tits with the
liquid fire, the first injection was already having an effect. One breast had
begun to swell and show some discoloration of the skin. Soon her body stiffened
and then shuddered as the first wave of pain started to radiate from deep within
her breasts.
	
	"I do believe the fun has started. Care to watch the show for a few
minutes before we close her up for the evening?" Norwood asked.
	
	Vlad was staring at Kurtz as she began to tremble and dance, as if
trying to shake away the pain that was growing steadily. Norwood chuckled and
slapped his hands together gleefully. The stuff was working as advertised. He
could not keep his eyes off the naked woman's tits as the skin covering them
started to stretch as the venom did its work. They continued to watch,
hypnotized by the growth of the woman's tits. They were scarlet and a clear
fluid began to ooze from the nipples. She was in such pain that she ignored what
was happening to her feet as she leaped and bounced in a frantic attempt to
escape the agonizing pain associated with the massive distortion her breasts
were experiencing. They swelled to the point that her nipples began to disappear
from view, swallowed up by the ever-expanding flesh.
	
	Norwood realized that his estimate of the drug's effect was grossly
understated and some concern started to interfere with the pleasure he was
getting from Kurtz's now mindless efforts to escape the pain that totally
consumed her ability to reason. She danced and thrashed like a puppet being
manipulated by a spastic handler. Her feet were bloody and the noose had
tightened to the point that her supply of air was being severely compromised. He
could hear Vlad's voice bellowing incoherently as he gloried in the mindless
dance of agony she presented. The skin of the woman's breasts began to burst
from the pressure developed by the swollen flesh it struggled to contain.
Norwood was fascinated by the sight of the cords bulging in her neck as her
paralyzed vocal cords fought to express some portion of the utter anguish and
blinding pain that she was enduring. Somehow he managed to overcome the insane
power that her agony had on him. Without seeming conscious thought he stepped
forward and freed Kurtz from the noose and dragged her quivering body from the
closet.
	
	Despite the outraged objections that came from Vlad, Norwood quickly set
about trying to undo the effects of the frightful concoction that was flowing
throughout Candi Kurtz's swollen tits. He fumbled around in his medicine bag and
came up with something to sedate the woman who still thrashed and shook from the
pain eating away inside her bulging breasts. For some unexplained reason a few
minutes after she calmed down, the size of her tits seemed to stabilize.
	
	"She's at least a fucking 38DD! Look at the way the skin on those
balloons is stretched. No wonder it started to split. If I'd have given her any
more of this stuff they may literally have exploded! She could have died right
here"
	
	Vlad still hadn't realized how close to disaster he and his partner had
come. All he knew was that his enemy was sleeping peacefully, not what he
wanted. To see Norwood shaking like some woman did not make much sense to him.
What the hell was that guy talking about? When the coroner suggested that they
take Kurtz upstairs so he could give her more attention, Vlad nearly lost his
temper. The look on the older man's face did give him pause, and so he
grudgingly went along with his wishes.




THE FAMILY VLAD

						     Chapter 12



	Vlad had slept fitfully that night, waking a number of times to silence
and then tossing and turning for long periods before returning to a troubled
sleep. He had dreams, but could only remember fragments of them. Although he
couldn't recall anything directly, he knew that Candi Kurtz had been inside his
head, tormenting him with those dead eyes, now glued shut. It was a tired and
very angry Chief Vlad who stomped into the room occupied by Norwood and the
woman. Both were asleep, and somehow that infuriated Vlad. Why were they looking
so serene while he had suffered from a terrible night filled with his own
personal demons?

	Kurtz moved in her sleep and sounds came from her, nothing intelligible.
Still he recoiled as if he had just heard the hissing of a rattlesnake. The
strange noises emanating from her grew louder and Norwood's body shifted to
shield him from this sound that was interrupting his rest. Vlad reached over and
began roughly shaking the medical man to rouse him. It took a few moments for
the gray haired policeman to become aware of his surroundings. He sat up
suddenly and for a brief time stared blankly into Vlad's eyes.

	"That damned bitch is making noise. What happened to that stuff you used
to keep her quiet?" Vlad asked forcefully.

	His companion shrugged and replied in a tone of voice that indicated
some degree of irritation with Vlad's question, " The stuff is beginning to wear
off. It's only good for a couple of days, tops, and that's now. If you want I'll
give her another shot."

	Vlad shouted, "No way! I want to hear that cunt beg me to stop hurting
her. I want to hear her cry for food and water. I should never have let you talk
me into shutting her up. I paid a fucking fortune to soundproof this place. What
the hell, I don't want to have to guess whether she's hurting, I want her to
tell me!"

	Now wide awake, Norwood shrugged and reached over to their sleeping
captive and tried to wake her. She remained unconscious. He removed the rough
blanket that covered her body and checked her breasts. When he touched them
Kurtz grunted and tried to roll away from his probing fingers. They were still
large, but during the night the terrible swelling had come down some, although
there was quite a bit of bruising, probably caused by the rupture of tiny blood
vessels beneath the skin. Vlad was hopping from one foot to the other, impatient
to get at his victim as soon as possible. Norwood looked up at him and shook his
head.

	"She's still out of it. My guess is she's in shock from what happened to
her tits. The smart thing to do is keep her warm and let her come out of it
naturally."

	Vlad looked as if he were having apoplexy. A large vein in his head
began to throb and actually change color from the rush of blood that his anger
was generating. Norwood rose to his feet and placed himself between Vlad and the
sleeping woman. He raised his hands, palms up and shrugged once more, as if to
say he was out of ideas. Then he spoke in a voice indicating disdain for Vlad's
anger.

	"There is nothing that either you or I can do to change things right
now. If you try to use brute force to wake her up it's likely she'll go into a
coma. That's the way the human body tries to protect itself most times when it's
physically overmatched. If she goes into a coma it's all over for you and
probably me as well. The judge will hang our asses out to dry and I doubt that
either one of us will live to see next year as free men. So if you are planning
on making that kind of move on her I'm cutting and running right now with both
hands over my ass. You can face the music alone on this one."

	The matter of fact way that he said things carried the day. Once again
in this corrida between them the toreador had felt the heat of the bull as it
took the cape. Norwood cuffed Kurtz to the bed and accompanied Vlad into the
kitchen for some coffee. When they returned Candi Kurtz was awake and busy
trying to get free of the cuffs. Vlad's eyes lit up and approaching her he
shouted, "Welcome back you miserable cunt! You're gonna wish you stayed asleep."
Norwood sighed and watched the chief backhand the naked woman across the face.
Then he began to choke her, shaking her as if she was some small animal he had
just captured. To Norwood's surprise and relief he suddenly let her go and
stepped back.

	 "That would be too easy. You almost got away with it, but I'm wise to
you now. I'm taking my time and you are going to hurt real bad for a very long
time before you get a chance to kiss my feet and beg me to stop hurting you."

	As Vlad spoke, Norwood's face broke into a smile. The chief had finally
figured things out enough to realize that she was controlling him rather than
the other way around. Things were about to get very interesting.

	Vlad wrestled the woman back downstairs to his soundproof basement.
Every time his hand brushed or touched her swollen breasts she made loud noises,
indicating how painful they were. That only made him happier, he had plans for
those bags as soon as he got her situated.

	With help from Norwood Vlad found and dragged out a heavy piece of wood
shaped into a T. It stood about four feet tall and had a number of slots and
rings cut into and attached to it at various points. The other major feature was
a pair of cantilevered triangles of metalwork that jutted from the top of the
piece. Vlad told the doctor that the same person that built the rack they'd used
to restrain Candi Kurtz had also constructed this piece of furniture. Norwood
was still a bit fuzzy as to what its application was, which only seemed to amuse
Vlad.
	
	"Help me get her mounted up and then I'll show you how it works. I know
you'll get a charge out of it, but nothing like she will." Vlad said, then
cackled gleefully.

	It wasn't until Vlad attached the wooden shelf to the metalwork braces
that it became apparent to Norwood what this was about. Now Candi's swollen
breasts rested on the shelf, totally available for whatever Vlad was planning
for them. She was also strapped tightly against the wooden pillar, her arms
pulled over the top of the T and then yanked down and cuffed to a small post
that was fitted into one of the slots. Her legs were bent at the knees and
pulled up so that they could be chained to the rings located on the sides.

	 Vlad picked up the rubber hose that he had used on her the other day
and proceeded to smash it down across her bloated bags of black and blue flesh.
Norwood winced at the sight of the hard rubber flattening those big bruised
tits. The sound that came from Kurtz was unlike anything he had ever heard. It
made the hair on the back of his neck stand up. He quickly glanced over at Vlad
to see a look of maniacal joy etched on his face. This was a new Vlad, one who
seemed to have discovered some degree of discipline. The old Vlad would have
been trying to pound those puppies to a pulp in nothing flat. This one paused to
allow her screams or whatever they were to rise and then subside. Only then did
he slam the hose down on them a second time, bringing an even more frenzied
response from the helpless woman.

	Norwood had to admit that Vlad was getting the most out of his efforts.
Kurtz was still unable to see or hear and thus she was very vulnerable to mind
games, something that seemed to be out of Vlad's league. What he did next
convinced Norwood that there was more to this man than brute force. He
deliberately rested the hose across Candi's throbbing tits and let her
experience the sensation of the hard rubber rubbing across her extremely
sensitive flesh. She was trembling as he moved the hose back and forth, teasing
her. Then he picked it up and she tensed, trying to prepare herself for the
horrible pain that she knew was bound to occur. Once again Vlad surprised her
and the doctor. He brought the hose down with all his strength and it exploded
against the wooden shelf supporting Candi's tits. She shreiked mindlessly as she
felt the shock of the hose striking the wood. Vlad laughed delightedly at her
reaction; the hose had struck precisely where he aimed, exactly between those
twin lumps of pain. He did it again and again, enjoying the way she cringed.
Finally he laid another blistering blow to those tender mounds and she literally
pissed all over herself from the combination of shock and pain. He looked over
to Norwood and extended the hose in his direction.

	"Care to take a good whack at those big tits. It would only be fair
since you made them."

	The doctor was taken somewhat aback at the offer and the manner in which
it was made. The chief was actually acknowledging his services. He quickly
realized that accepting his offer would go a long way toward cementing what had
begun to be a crumbling relationship. He grinned and held out his hand to take
the length of hard rubber. This was going to be a very pleasant day after all.

	There was something strange about how this damned woman affected men.
Here she was, stark naked, covered with her own piss, her tits twice their
normal size, hurting like fury, and totally at their mercy. Yet he could feel
the hatred that was radiating from her as he stepped forward and prepared to
mash one of those big bloated and bruised bags. He decided to give the right one
a good taste of his irritation at her superior ways and attitude. He would be
very happy to take this bitch down a peg or two. Her voice was coming back based
on her outcries after he flattened her tit. It felt great to hear those screams
because he knew that in her heart of hearts she would rather swallow fire than
admit to the fact that they could subject her to this level of agony. He split
her left tit neatly in two from base to nipple with his next blow and Vlad
slapped him on the back and congratulated him on his accuracy. Once again he and
the chief were thick as thieves, or in this case, co-conspirators.

	The doctor checked the condition of Candi's battered breasts and
pronounced them to be capable of more abuse if Vlad wanted to continue. Again he
was surprised when the chief declined, suggesting instead that they try out
another feature of the piece to which their captive was strapped. Vlad rummaged
around in the basement until he came up with what looked to be a crude saw,
announcing as he held it up, "The bitch will really love this little toy. Give
me a hand with her and you'll see what I mean."

	The metal piece had a narrow cylinder at one end which fit into another
slot located between Candi's spread thighs. As soon as it was locked into place
Norwood let out a whistle. He had been holding her body up as Vlad asked, and
now realized why. Once he let go, her hairy pussy would sink down onto a length
of jagged metal teeth designed to rip flesh apart.

	 " OK doc, you can let the bitch go. Let's see what happens when she
hits those teeth." Vlad said with a shit eating grin.

	Norwood took a deep breath and released his grip on her well muscled
thighs. It took less than a few seconds before her tender twat encountered the
sharp teeth that now jutted out from the wooden pillar upon which she hung. She
let out a screech and immediately pulled herself up off the teeth.

	"Pull up a chair doc and watch the fun. Care to wager on how long she
can keep that hairy cunt off those nice sharp teeth? I give her maybe 10 to 15
minutes unless I give her a little help with this." Vlad said, holding up the
hose they had been using to punish her tits.

	"Those teeth are sure going to make a mess out of her cunt sooner than
later." Norwood observed, his sharp eyes picking up the fact that Kurtz was
already using the post to which her wrists were cuffed to stabilize her body and
take the strain off her legs and thighs.

	Vlad laughed and described how the last time he used this device he hung
sand bags from the victim's bent legs so she was unable to lift herself off the
blade that was slowly ripping her cunt to shreds.

	 " She spent the better part of an hour promising me the sun, moon and
the stars not to mention all the free pussy and ass I could handle for the rest
of my life, if only I'd let her off that saw. Naturally she was so terrified of
what was happening that she never realized that the saw would only cut into her
so far and then she'd just sit on that blade and wish she were dead while she
bled like a stuck pig. That was one whore who walked with a limp for nearly
three months afterwards. Every couple of weeks we'd take her back to the station
and give her the option of either pulling a train or going back on the saw. She
always gave us the same answer no matter how many members of the force were
waiting to rearrange her insides."

	Ten minutes went by and there was no downward movement of Candi's cunt
toward the blade. Vlad began to get a bit edgy and Norwood figured it was time
to let him in on her little trick. Instead of becoming enraged, Vlad laughed it
off. Then he listened to what the thin police doctor suggested. With a broad
smile he arose and picked up the hose. He walked behind the pillar that held
Kurtz and proceeded to smash the hose down on her shoulders. He alternated his
blows and beat a steady tattoo on the woman's straining shoulders and upper
arms. She grunted and attempted to avoid the rain of brutal blows to no avail.
Vlad abruptly halted his assault long enough to get into position to once more
flatten her swollen, varicolored tits. The first blow broke her concentration
and she slipped onto the jagged blade uttering a terrible scream as her cunt was
shredded in a number of places. Blood began to stream from the hairy mouth of
her snatch, some wending its way down her trembling thighs while another portion
coated the saw teeth and dripped steadily onto the floor, forming a growing pool
at the base of the T-shaped wooden piece. The chief could not resist giving her
sore tits a final blow, catching both across the middle and bringing an agonized
bellow from his helpless victim. It was Vlad's turn to acknowledge the thumbs up
sign that his fellow conspirator gave him.

	"That last one was for being a cheating bitch of a cunt." Vlad said to
no one in particular. " Let's get a beer and leave this ball buster to bleed a
while more."

	The doctor could not resist probing Vlad about his dramatic turnabout.
Once again he was surprised pleasantly by the way the chief responded. Although
Vlad did not even know the meaning of the word, he seemed to have experienced an
epiphany, which is a sudden insight into certain things.

	 Vlad summed it up by saying things suddenly fell into place about Candi
Kurtz. "That bitch doesn't bother me anymore. She can't get to me now because I
finally figured out what it is about her that kept me off balance. Now the shoe
is on the other foot, she's gonna have to learn to deal with me, and I'm not
gonna make that easy. She's gonna have to work hard for any cock she gets from
me."

	The last part of Vlad's statement puzzled Norwood, but he decided to
quit while he was ahead. The two of them seemed to on the same page, and he was
no longer living in fear that Vlad's rage would get him into deep trouble. He
was just going to sit back and enjoy helping Vlad tame this nasty cunt. He even
dared wonder if he might tear off a piece of that tight pussy just for the hell
of it.

	When they returned to the basement Kurtz was slumped forward, her cunt
still riding the sawtoothed length of metal. It had worked deeper into her pussy
meat, really digging into her tender flesh and making any movement on her part
an exercise in agony. Norwood observed that the fact that she still could piss
indicated Kurtz was still not sufficiently dehydrated for his purposes. Vlad
listened as Norwood outlined his idea to push things along a bit faster. When he
finished, Vlad said two words, "Do it"

	 Five minutes later Candi's mouth was being stuffed with a porous bag of
salt as Vlad applied a choke hold to keep her still. When Norwood finished duct
taping her mouth shut, the chief gave him a wicked smile and increased the force
on his victim's neck making her struggle and causing the teeth of that terrible
blade to cut further into her cunt. Then he quickly released her, holding his
arms out with his palms up, indicating that his little joke was over. Norwood
mentally cursed him out, but was secretly happy to see that the chief seemed to
be checking out his new powers and was enjoying them immensely. He almost felt
sorry for Candi Kurtz.

	Vlad continued to surprise his companion. He disappeared into the bowels
of his basement and when he returned he had a triangular blade under his arm and
a blowtorch in one hand. He placed his finds on a near by table and rubbed his
hands together gleefully.

	"First, let's see how the good sergeant reacts when I heat up that saw
she's straddling. Then later when she's had lots of exercise bouncing that hot
cunt off that very hot blade, we'll give her something new to ride for the rest
of the day. Believe it or not, I know where those sand bags I was talking about
are. I saw them while I was rooting around looking for this little cunt killer.
It should be very interesting to see how far into that tough twat of hers this
nasty toy will go."

	All Norwood could do was sit back and enjoy the view. The chief was
really hitting on all cyclinders when it came to dreaming up things to make that
little cunt sweat. She was really in for a major pain session, and he still
hadn't started doing his little tricks on her yet. He wondered how long it would
take before she gobbled down a nice big slug of Vlad's piss, or for that matter,
his as well.

	For the next couple of hours Norwood watched as Vlad played with his new
toy. He sat in front of Candi Kurtz and slowly heated the saw blade that was
splitting her cunt. The woman had no choice but to raise her body up from the
heated metal. That was just what Vlad wanted. He'd give her a minute or so of
relief before forcing her to once more drop her shredded flesh back down on
those murderous teeth. Vlad changed his tactics so that she never knew which
part of her totally vulnerable body would be getting a taste of that hard rubber
club. Sometimes he'd slam the hose down on the shelf supporting her sore swollen
tits missing those tender meat mounds, but frightening her enough that she would
drop that bleeding pussy back down on the jagged ridge of cruel teeth. Vlad
would give her time to get settled and then he'd start heating that blade up
once more. He would vary the speed at which he would heat it and at times he
would even quickly play the hot gas across her stomach, thighs or ribcage to
break her concentration and force her to again push up off the blade. She
gradually grew tired and it required more heat to make her move. Vlad soon was
sniffing the air in child-like delight announcing the smell of roasting pussy
flesh or singed pubic hair. Now when she held her trembling body away from the
heated metal he would give her precious little time before smashing the hose
into her ribs or across her well muscled belly. For some reason he avoided her
blue-black breasts until the final time when she screamed incoherently and
failed to free her bleeding slit from the teeth that were embedded within her
private parts.

	 "Game's over, I win!" Vlad yelled as he flattened her tits with a
vicious blow that announced his victory. The stink of cooked flesh had become
overwhelming, the dark haired police woman was finished, and they both knew it.

	Unfortunately for Candi, Vlad had planned another very ugly surprise for
his weakened rival. Norwood knew better than to argue with the new and improved
Vlad when the chief decided that he wanted him to restore the woman's hearing
for a time. He nodded and started to rummage around in his medical bag to find
the stuff that would dissolve the wax now plugging her ears. Vlad then let him
in on the little game they would be playing with Kurtz and he was astonished at
its cruelty and sophistication. There must have been a ton of frustration
building up inside that man before the dam finally broke the doctor thought. I
wonder if that dyke will survive this new guy. It's sure going to be fun to
watch.

	Vlad clapped his big hands against her ears once they were open and
said, "I want you to hear what's in store for you. I don't have as much time as
I thought to make you see things my way. So we're gonna play a little game of
Russian roulette until you agree to see things my way, or you have an accident
while you were cleaning your weapon."

	Before she could assemble her wits he pressed the barrel of his service
revolver against her temple and pulled the trigger. The hammer clicked and the
sound of the chamber moving could be plainly heard. He did this four more times,
never removing the barrel from its position. The woman began to shiver in
anticipation, yet not quite believing he would go through with it. Vlad was one
step ahead of her. "She thinks the gun is unloaded and nothing is gonna happen,
she'll shit when that gun goes off." Vlad said to himself. He glanced at Norwood
who looked as if he was about to jam his cock into a ten year old and nodded.
The sound must have been deafening to Kurtz since Norwood held the gun as close
to her ear as he dared before pulling the trigger and sending the shell into the
wall. Candi Kurtz fainted dead away. 




					The Family Vlad


					  Chapter 13



	It was another typically blistering day when Judge Kurtz arrived back
from town. Twan greeted him at the door with a small smile. She took his coat
and tie and inquired in her broken English if everything had gone well for the
judge while he went about his business. She clapped her hands with glee when he
replied that for the next week he would be able to enjoy his ranch and entertain
his guest. At the mention of Vicky, Twan's face lit up in a grim smile. The
judge caught its meaning instantly and it was his turn to smile and shake his
head.

	"She not be too much trouble for you, yes?" Kurtz asked in the strange
semi-language that he and she seemed to mutually understand.

	"She help plenty here. Hands really happy."

	Her cryptic response gave the jurist pause as he attempted to fully
interpret the meaning of her words. It slowly dawned on him that she had made a
subtle joke. He was always astonished every time this passive, alien from
another world would reveal her native intelligence and the sharp mind that
lurked behind those dark eyes. At times he would almost become somewhat wary of
his faithful servant. He shook off his musings and spoke directly to Twan in
simple words.

	"Is she good? Not hurt too bad? Where?"

	Twan was quiet for a moment or so as she processed his words into
something her mind could work on. She shrugged her shoulders as she replied.

	"Not hurt too bad....Outside in sun"

	The subject of their discussion was indeed outside taking the sun. In
fact she had been taking the sun since around noon yesterday after her battered
and bruised body had been gang raped for the final time. Over the last
twenty-four hours she had received more than one small group of visitors who had
their way with her and left their spendings to leak from the guest's gaping cunt
and be either absorbed by the earth to which she was staked or evaporate in the
blistering heat of day. She had also received regular visits from Twan who
delighted in her suffering, and added to it with vicious kicks to her swollen
vulva just before she took her leave.

	Twan's cruelty seemed to know no bounds. After she had supervised the
hands who staked her out spread-eagle fashion under the pitless glare of the
noon-day sun, she had filled a jar with dirt from the area in which Vicky lay
and then had pissed into the container to form a glob of mud-like material that
she stuffed into Vicky's mouth, using tape to hold it in place. By the end of
the first day Vicky had greedily sucked every drop of piss from the mud and
during her long night slowly swallowed what remained to avoid strangling on it.

	The sun was so intense that Twan carried a parasol to shield herself
from the glare and intense heat. Her employer depended on his broad brimmed hat.
Their approach caused the small group of people huddled around what looked to be
a mound of something or other to scatter, leaving only one person still hunched
over it. As they drew closer, the shimmering heat gave up its secret, revealing
the mound to be a naked woman staked out under the broiling sun. Squatting over
her was Tai, directing a stream of piss directly into Vicky's face. Judge Kurtz
could not suppress the startled gasp of recognition that came from him. The
little, monkey-like girl ignored them as she finished her task of washing the
dust from Vicky's face and upper body.

	Kurtz had a hard time believing what he saw. Vicky Vlad was on her back,
her face and body burned nearly black from the harsh rays of the sun that had
penetrated sufficiently deep into her flesh to cause the kind of damage usually
found in victims of second degree burns. To make matters worse, an army of fire
ants had discovered the sweet substance that Twan had rubbed into the woman's
cunt and thighs this morning, before leaving Vicky to fry. She hardly reacted to
the assault from the ants who had just arrived and were now busily setting up
outposts on her swollen, burnt flesh, stinging her fiercely every time she as
much as twitched. Tai grinned up at the judge and her mother, proud of what she
had just done to this woman who they had tortured for the better part of the
three days that she had been with them.

	The judge swallowed his initial outrage at the cruelty that had been
displayed to his guest by his housekeeper and her daughter. They were what they
were, beings from another culture that had refined torture to a fine art. For
some reason Kurtz ticked off all the enemies that America had fought in the last
fifty odd years. There were the Japanese, the Koreans, the Chinese and finally
the Vietnamese, all members of this other world that men of the West could not
fathom. This cooled his anger, but he resolved that he would exact some amount
of vengeance for their excessive behavior.

	He knelt down and brushed the ants from Vicky's body with his hat, which
he then placed over her face. He looked up at Twan and crooked his finger,
ordering her to turn over the parasol to him. She made no sign that would
indicate her reaction to this command. She nodded and turned to fetch some hands
who would release the guest from her bonds and bring her to the main house. His
scowl was enough to send the skinny girl scampering away to the safety of one of
the outlying buildings. Kurtz had no doubt that she would soon be honoring any
and all requests from his men who felt the need for her particular services.
Once more he gave thanks to Dr. Norwood for making sure that she would never get
pregnant again.

	Kurtz summoned the local doctor who arrived two hours later and examined
what was left of Vicky Vlad. It didn't take much intelligence to realize from
the doctor's face that she had suffered monumental damage to nearly every
portion of her body. The inventory that the doctor produced included cuts,
bruises, burns, hematomas, acute dehydration, vaginal and rectal damage from the
dozens upon dozens of rapes she had endured, insect bites, stings, the infection
from the nearly one hundred needles that the doctor removed from her swollen
breasts, and the massive damage done to her breasts from long term loss of blood
circulation.

	Vicky was in shock and her vital signs were of great concern to him. He
strongly urged  that she be transported to the burn ward of a hospital located a
hundred and fifty miles from here, so great had been the damage caused to her
skin from the lengthy exposure to the sun.

	He neatly summed it up with the statement, " I really don't know how she
managed to stay alive this long. If we do nothing she's dead by morning. From
the looks of things there is no way that this case can be ignored or kept out of
the newspapers if she dies. I will not be party to whatever happened here. I
know who you are and I can't believe that you could have been responsible for
this terrible deed. We have to try to keep this quiet and hope she pulls
through. That we'll probably know in a week. Until then it's in the laps of the
gods."

	Two more hours went by before a helicopter ferried Vicky and the doctor
from his ranch. Fifteen minutes later Twan and Tai faced the judge's wrath.
Judge Kurtz was well known for his off the wall sentences. There was a quirk in
his personality that made some of his decisions drip with irony. This was to be
one of them.

	By this time, Twan realized that she was in serious trouble with the man
who had rescued her from her miserable existence. She had already mentally
accepted, or so she thought, any punishment that he might mete out to her. Twan
wondered if it involved servicing all the hands that worked on his farm. Once
would certainly not be enough, perhaps she'd be their slave for a week or even a
month; not anything that she didn't deserve for letting her emotions get in the
way of his plans. No, that was too easy. Then perhaps it was the animals, the
horses especially that would mount and split her open with their huge cocks.
Yes, that would make more sense. That would severely harm her insides and be a
constant reminder of her failure when he gave her his trust.

	When Kurtz pronounced his sentence Twan went numb. How could this be? It
was Twan who decided what must be done to the white woman; Tai was merely
carrying out Twan's orders. Why then must she suffer and Twan go free? Worse
still, it would be Twan who would carry out her master's instructions as he
watched. These tall people with strange colored eyes were not her kind. They had
no heart, no soul, creatures of the darkness with no mercy in their bodies.
Kurtz watched the play of emotion that briefly flashed across the woman's face
and was pleased. He had chosen the proper punishment for the crime that had been
committed against him.

	Tai was taken by a pair of his more trustworthy hands to an outbuilding
where she was imprisoned for the night. Her punishment would not begin for
another day. During her wait she would fast and reflect on the magnitude of her
offense. Twan was sent back to work, but another hand was assigned to watch her
to be sure that she did not attempt to flee or somehow free her daughter.

	The judge made a number of phone calls before he was put into contact
with Dr. Norwood. The police coroner was taken aback that Judge Katz would seek
him out here at Vlad's place. He was courteous to this powerful personage,
listened intently to the man's request, and after a brief moment of indecision
agreed to come out to the judge's ranch and bring his medical bag with him.  To
his utter amazement the judge knew that he possessed that strange drug he had
recently obtained from a colleague. Naturally he thought it was to be used on
Vlad's wife, which caused some concern, but when given a choice of offending
Vlad or the judge, there could be but one answer.

	Norwood was no fool; he had dealt with the judge in the past and knew
the man had plenty of leverage over him. Still he wanted to cover all the bases,
so he told Vlad what had transpired between him and Candi Kurtz's father. The
chief made light of it, commenting that he now would have some time alone with
his guest while Norwood was doing the judge's bidding. He even was amused that
the same drug that had caused the sergeant to nearly come out of her skin would
be used on his wife for the same nasty purpose by the judge.

	The meeting with the judge was brief and to the point. Norwood explained
what the drug did and how much was needed to get what result. He left three
syringes loaded with the substance and gave Kurtz the number at which he could
be reached in the event there were any unexpected reactions from it. He didn't
think it was strange that there was no sign of Vicky. He merely assumed that she
was in one of the other buildings being beaten, tortured or raped, as was the
case with Candi.

	The judge was delighted to obtain a supply of this nasty stuff; he had
immediate plans for it. He could hardly wait to see the effect it would have on
Tai. Like many of her people the girl was flat as a board, seemingly denying him
the opportunity of forcing her mother to torment her in much the same way as
they had done Vicky. 

	Until today he had never really thought much about this little waif. She
was probably fifteen by now; that was only a guess since these people had zero
documentation to establish anything concerning their existence. They just were,
which had advantages and disadvantages. Had that been Tai staked out in the sun,
it would have been easy to let her die and then bury the body somewhere on the
farm, almost guaranteeing that she would never be found, because there would be
no one looking for her.

	It would be quite easy to make Twan and her daughter disappear off the
face of the earth. They would just have been another couple of undocumented
aliens passing through his farm on their way to god knows where; none of his
business to be sure. He quickly got these thoughts out of his head, they were
too tempting considering his current mood. It was time to concentrate on
punishing his housekeeper for her serious lack of judgement; that was a far more
entertaining prospect.

	The following morning Tai, who had been given neither food nor water
since she had been locked away, was taken out from the dark, hot, hut she had
occupied. The sun had just appeared, giving every sign that it would be another
very hot and extremely dry day. Waiting for her appearance were the judge, most
of the farm hands and Twan. The woman had been stripped to the skin for the
occasion, displaying what was a rather well proportioned body featuring a thick
pelt covering her cunt. The hands were properly impressed and there were low
mutterings in their native tongue concerning her looks and what they would enjoy
doing to her. They would get such an opportunity before her ordeal was over.

	Tai stripped, was child-like with her thin pancake shaped breasts topped
by very small nipples and the wispy patch of pubic hair that did nothing to hide
that pink slot that was very familiar to all the hands. She had pipe-stem arms
and legs, no hips and an ass almost devoid of curvature. She was as thin as a
runway model, all her joints poking up through their covering of brown skin. The
hands exchanged knowing smiles and a few words, spoken in low voices to avoid
calling any attention to the speaker.

	Tai was marched to one of the corrals and lashed to the fencing, facing
outward, her legs spread wide. At a signal from the judge Twan was handed a
flogger composed of a number of leather strips.

	"I count, you hurt, no stop, til I say."

	The strange language these two shared came as a great surprise to those
hands able to understand English. Twan's shoulders seemed to sag, then she
raised the whip and laid the first of many strokes across her daughter's bare
body. Kurtz kept the grim count, occasionally ordering her to shift her efforts
to another part of Tai's anatomy. When the woman was finally forced to begin
whipping her child's pubes, the judge's voice grew louder and he counted a very
long time before allowing her to move to another area.

	The judge was forced to admire her fortitude and willingness to do his
bidding. She was not a big woman by any means but each blow she delivered was
done with considerable force. Kurtz had anticipated that she would have to be
coerced somewhat in order to properly carry out his orders. Once again she
demonstrated the fact that she came from a world unlike that in which he
existed.

	Kurtz kept counting until Tai's body was covered from neck to knee with
welts and cuts, and Twan was too exhausted to lift her arm to deliver one more
blow. With a grim smile he ordered his foreman to escort Twan to the main bunk
house so that she could become better acquainted with her peers. He left the
girl to bake in the hot sun while her mother suffered the first of a number of
gang rapes. One of the hands was left to make sure that nothing happened to Tai;
Kurtz had a very long day planned for her and he wanted to make sure that
nothing would get in the way of his enjoyment.

	Before Twan was returned from entertaining the work force, Kurtz had the
girl retied so that her backside could receive some attention as well. This time
Twan would learn how to use the cane, a particularly vicious weapon in the right
hands. The judge was looking forward to the sight of this length of rattan
tearing into the girl's ass and the backs of her thighs. He planned to have Twan
take her practice on Tai's back, a larger area capable of absorbing much more
punishment than her more tender parts.

	His housekeeper showed evidence of the type of welcome she had received.
Her thick patch of pubic hair was streaked with dried and fresh semen and her
back channel was a gaping crimson hole from which oozed more of the cum that had
been pumped into her by the gang of workers. They too put in an appearance just
minutes after she returned, eager to witness the further punishment and
degradation of the pair of foreigners.

	Twan tried to act as if she was unable to properly use the wicked
instrument she was handed. Kurtz incentivized her by having one of the men
demonstrate its proper use on her skinny daughter, who shouted in her native
tongue as the cane bit into her back, leaving a deep angry welt. It did not take
Twan long to realize that the judge was not counting and no matter how hard she
hit her helpless child, it would do far less damage than what would occur
otherwise. She reached for the cane after the second welt appeared on Tai's
back.

	Kurtz counted and pointed so that Twan walked the cane down her
daughter's back until it was biting into her buttocks. He counted for a very
long time as the cane slashed gashes into the pale mounds of stringy meat that
comprised her ass. Twan began to tire, but continued to hit the child as hard as
she could in hopes that by drawing blood she might create some feeling of pity
in the heart of this terrible man.

	He seemed oblivious to anything but watching the cane tear away at the
girl's pale flesh and keeping count. Abruptly he called a halt to the caning
after Twan had landed nearly a dozen weak strikes to Tai's thighs. There would
be other opportunities for her to finish the job properly he thought with a
smile, especially once her daughter was injected with the magic drug that would
turn her tits and ass into big rounded targets so sensitive that even a slap
would cause incredible pain.

	By now the sun was high in the sky, and it was time for another cruel
punishment to be adminstered to the girl while her helpless mother looked on,
unable to do anything to comfort her as she suffered. Twan's face showed the
pain that the judge had been looking for since the morning began. He gloated
secretly and imagined the look that would cross her face when he unveiled the
many other surprises he had in store for them.

	He supervised the men who staked out Tai in the blazing furnace of open
space. He directed them to set up a chair and an umbrella that would shield its
occupant from the sun while the girl broiled. To make it even more insideous,
she would be watched by one of the men at all times and he would force her to
drink from the large canteens that were located beneath the chair, or her
daughter would suffer additional pain. All it took was one demonstration; she
grabbed up the canteen and began gulping down its contents seconds after the
man's foot landed between her daughter's legs with a sickening thud.

	Perhaps of all the torments that Kurtz perpetrated on her, this was the
worse by far.It was perfectly ironic in keeping with his quirky nature. After a
number of hours he visited them to find Twan's belly bulging to its limit with
water that she had been forced to drink in order to save her parched daughter
from even worse pain. The judge could not conceal his pleasure that his little
plan had paid the type of dividend he had been expecting.

	He decided that he had enjoyed this little trick long enough; it was
time for Twan to return to her duties in the men's quarters. He knew they would
be pleased to have a second opportunity to demonstrate their male prowness to
the once aloof housekeeper. As for the girl, she would be given an opportunity
to rest in her little dark hut while he prepared his next surprise for Twan.
Taking pity on the teenager he instructed his man to make sure that Tai was
supplied with a large jar of piss, donated by his workers, to quench the thirst
she had developed out in the sun.

	He sent for Twan at dusk; the men had had many long hours to skewer
their victim fore and aft. He wondered how much of that bulging water-logged
belly was left after the hours of steady poking and prodding she no likely
received. When they dragged her into the stable where Kurtz waited, her face
paled. She knew what awaited her. She could not imagine the level of pain she
would feel now, after all those hard cocks that reamed out her insides until
they ached every time she moved or even breathed.

	Twan made no effort to fight off the trio of men who grabbed and fitted
her body into the leather cocoon that would hold her steady as her equine lover
had his way with her. They fixed the sling-harness into an alcove located below
the sturdy boards that would provide some degree of protection for her from the
massive weight on the stallion. She was positioned so she faced away from the
animal, her legs spread wide and her cunt now vulverable to his huge cock. She
both heard and felt the arrival of the horse, snorting and moving uneasily as he
was placed into  position by the three men.

	The woman could now smell the animal, its scent musky and harsh.
Suddenly she felt something wet brush against her buttocks and poke downward to
make contact with her semen soaked cunt. She tensed herself and waited. The wet
something moved away and then returned, more insistent this time. It poked hard
against the entrance to her cunt. She shuddered in terrible fear, realizing that
whatever it was, was much larger than her opening despite the stretching it had
received during the two bouts of mass rape she had endured today.

	The horse continued to batter away at her cunt and Twan lost control and
began crying out in her language, begging for the animal to stop. Instead the
stallion redoubled his frantic efforts to penetrate her, and at last his massive
prong opened her up just barely enough for his cock to enter her sore cunt.
Twan's screams echoed throughout the farm as her lover began to wedge more and
more of its enormous organ into her narrow channel.

	Twan was sure that she would split open any second, but her elastic
genitals somehow accommodated more and more of the monstrous slab of horse flesh
boring into her. Then she felt this wet sensation that grew to a flood as the
animal began to spew its seed inside his human dam. There were excited cries
from the men observing this epic struggle between her and the stallion, and a
peal of laughter issued from Judge Kurtz before he shouted, "The next one will
be much easier. Just wait until tomorrow when I give you two for the price of
one." These were the last sounds she heard for many hours, as she passed out
from the pain and shock of the animal's assault.

	Kurtz still had one more thing to accomplish before his day was over and
he could reward himself with a big slug of bourbon whiskey. Accompanied by two
of his hands he made his way to the hut were Tai was huddled, trying to recover
from the awful beatings and her long stretch out in the blazing sun. She was so
maddened by thirst that she had downed most of the foul smelling liquid that had
been left with her.

	The judge had picked up enough information from Norwood about the
relationship of size to the amount of drug to be administered. So he chose to
adopt a conservative approach to dosing the girl. It was painfully obvious that
the amount of breast flesh she possessed was dwarfed by the large solid melons
that adorned Vicky Vlad's chest. He thus decided to see what effect half the
dose would yield. He injected one of Tai's thin breasts and observed what
happened.

	 For a few minutes the girl acted normally considering her current
physical state. Within the next five minutes she was screaming her head off and
clawing at the area where he had made the injection. His companions gasped in
amazement as the girl's breast began to swell dramatically. Kurtz watched
impassively as the metamorphosis took place. He had them hold the girl still so
he could inject her other breast.

	Her reaction was now even more violent as the pain and swelling doubled.
Her screams would have waked the dead; she became so agitated that they had to
physically subdue her, binding her hands and feet with leather strips and
shoving a dirty handkerchief into her mouth to shut her up. Kurtz was beside
himself with delight. He could hardly wait for morning to spring this next ugly
surprise on Twan.

	They assembled at the same spot as yesterday, waiting for Tai to be
brought from her hut. The farm workers broke into excited chatter among
themselves when they saw the girl. Tai walked stiff legged, two massive lumps of
purplish flesh now protruded from her skinny chest. The drug had worked as
promised. The girl had gone from perhaps a 30A to at least a 35C. The skin on
her new breasts was already cracking and supperating from the enormous pressure
that had been produced by this rapid growth spurt. A fluid oozed from the cracks
and dripped slowly from her huge tits with evey step she took. Kurtz was pleased
at the shocked look etched upon Twan's features. It was going to be as good a
day as yesterday, perhaps even better.

	Tai was pushed against the fence where she had been previously lashed,
but this time her arms were pulled up and over the top railing and then her
wrists were tied tightly together and anchored to the railing below, forcing her
massive mounds to  thrust outward, as if begging for some attention; they would
not have long to wait. Her legs were spread far apart and tied to stakes driven
into the ground, totally exposing her cunt for any punishment the judge might
prescibe. With a deep, mocking bow he handed Twan an 18 inch metal ruler. He
pointed at the girl's bloated bags of swollen meat and nodded. "I count, start!"

	Twan stood there, the ruler at her side. Kurtz pointed a finger at one
of the men and said something that Twan did not understand. He took a quick step
toward the helpless girl, dragging his big buckled belt from his waist. The
sound the thick leather made as it smacked across Tai's super swollen and oh so
tender tits was strangely muted due to the yielding flesh it encountered, but
the scream it wrung from the girl was awesome. Twan grabbed the man's arm before
he could strike her child again. Once more Kurtz had proven to be her master.

	No matter how Twan tried, every blow from the ruler brought shrill cries
of agony from her child. But what she was doing was nothing compared to that
single slash from the man. Blood was dripping from the wound and although she
tried to avoid striking the area, Kurtz would not allow it. He would stop
counting whenever it became too obvious what she was doing. He played with her
as if it was a game of cat and mouse.

	Twan had to admit total defeat. Finally her will failed completely and
she groveled at his feet as he looked down and laughed. " I guess you would
prefer another tryst with one of your stallion lovers. I will be a gracious
victor and allow you that pleasure."

	She did not understand every word, but knew that the stables were her
next destination. She hoped that this would be enough of a diversion that her
daughter would not suffer any more torment. She underestimated the judge's
cruelty.

	While Twan was being strapped in for her intimate interlude with another
of the stallions, a particularly fractious one at that, the farm workers were
being given free rein to torment Tai's new tits and that tight pink pussy that
they knew only too well. Her screams could be heard in the stable and Twan
became insane with grief, struggling madly to escape the bonds that held her in
place.

	 The men amused themselves for quite some time, wrenching the girl's
pulsating tits from her chest, twisting them as she made eerie noises, poking
and even punching those big purple bags until her voice gave out and only
garbled animalistic sounds came from her. Others paid attention to her
relatively undamaged twat, scratching it with their fingernails as they vied to
see who could get his hand completely within her immature cunt.

	It was one of the biggest workers who finally breached the tough muscle
guarding her vagina and plunged his sweaty fist into that tender tunnel and
began the long agonizing journey toward her cervix. Tai went into a swoon which
deprived them of most of the pleasure associated with hurting her skinny body.
All the while Twan could hear the pathetic wails and sobs as her child was
brutalized. When she was cut off in mid-scream, Twan's heart nearly broke as she
assumed the worst; they had killed her daughter, the only reason for her
existence. So intense was her grief that she barely reacted to the initial
assault on her sore cunt by the stallion.

	Things did not go well for Twan. The animal battered her pubes until
they were so swollen it was impossible for him to enter her. By the time the men
had to call a halt to the brutal attack of the maddened stallion, Twan was
unconscious and bleeding from the cunt. For the first time since he had begun
this nightmarish game with her, Kurtz had overestimated Twan's ability to absorb
pain and punishment. There was still much to be done to the girl before end of
day and he so desperately wanted her mother to witness every agonizing moment.
For the second time he put in a call to Norwood.



				( To be continued )




				The Family Vlad


  				  Chapter 14



	Vlad kept Candi Kurtz on the blade for the rest of the day and overnight
as well. It had been better than four days since Vlad had dragged his prey down
into the cellar. She had not been given either food or water and it was finally
beginning to take its toll on the bald woman. After Norwood had left to visit
the judge, Vlad started exercising his new toy.

	Removing her from the blade was a lot more difficult than putting her
on, especially without the help of the absent coroner. She screamed and shook
with pain as her cunt was lifted from the blade, leaving a good bit of skin and
dried blood behind. Kurtz was now bleeding again. Vlad paid it no mind,
reasoning that the bleeding wounds would soon coagulate once more. He was  not
very interested in acting like some wet nurse to this bitch, especially if it
involved having anything to do with touching her cunt with his bare hands. The
thought of such contact made him shiver.

	He decided that she could do with some fresh air. Norwood was away, so
there was no chance she would be able to identify him. This precaution was
wasted since the sergeant had already figured out that the coroner was Vlad's
accomplice. Vlad was surprised at her bedraggled appearance once he got her head
out of the leather hood. Her lips were chapped with deep fissures at the corners
of her mouth. She kept licking and pursing her lips. He realized it was her
thirst that was controlling these mindless reactions.

	He refrained from giving her any water, but did retrieve a jug of piss
from the refrigerator that he and Norwood had contributed to over the last few
days. Its contents were very cold and relatively odor-free. She greedily sucked
up as much of the liquid as she could, amusing Vlad no end. He wondered what her
reaction would be the next time he offered her the same jug, only after it had
been aged in air so that its pungent aroma and salty taste were much in
evidence. He had already decided that if she refused it, he would continue her
fast for another day, and let her know why. He looked forward to winning this
unequal contest of the wills.

	Vlad looked around to decide where to put his captive. It was then that
he had a second epiphany. Why the hell was he pussy-footing around with this
cunt? He had won, she just didn't realize it! Why play any more games, fuck it!
If that pussy Norwood wet his pants just because she knew he was helping Vlad,
so what? That was his problem, not Vlad's. It was time that the good sergeant
was told the facts of life, and he was just the man to break the news to her. As
all this whirled around inside his head, his prisoner watched. She knew
something was going on in this cruel man, and it probably wasn't going to be
anything good as far as she was concerned.

	She flinched slightly when he squatted down beside her. He had this
loopy grin on his face that was so out of character. She moved away
instinctively when he reached out towards her. That proved to be a mistake. She
saw stars when his big hand struck her face. Then as she shook off the effects
of this love tap, she heard his words.

	"Listen up you miserable cunt, I'm gonna give you a chance to end this
crap here and now. If you're smart, you'll accept my offer. Turn me down and I
will make your fucking life so miserable you will wish you were dead, but I
won't let you die. I'll do so much shit to you that you'll wish you'd never
heard of me. What you got so far is only a sample of what I have planned for you
in the next week or so, while your old man is fucking up my wife. I intend to
find out just how bad off she is when Norwood gets back from talking to your old
man. Imagine that, the judge calling up my old buddy Norwood at my place because
he needs him to come to his ranch to see someone. I wonder who that someone is?"

	Kurtz took another slap to the side of her head that sent her sprawling.
She was hurting from sitting on that saw for the better part of a day, and knew
she was no match for Vlad, but she went at him anyway. That proved to be a real
bad mistake. He hooked one hand into her belly, taking all the wind out of her,
and while she was trying to deal with that, he dropped her with an overhand
right. She lay on the cement floor trying to catch her breath. The next thing
she knew his foot caught her in the ribs and that finished her off. She began to
puke up the piss she'd just drunk and then she started to dry heave. Vlad
stepped away and snarled. "You are fucking dead, you are gonna get it all now!"
He proved to be a man of his word.

	Vlad slapped the cuffs on his captive and pushed her into the closet for
safe-keeping. Once freed of that concern, he started making phone calls to lots
of different people, all of whom had one thing in common, they owed Vlad a
favor. Finally he put in a call to police headquarters to get a list of
criminals that had been put away in the local jail by sergeant Kurtz. When he
was finished calling around, he got busy in the basement, making sure that the
fixture to which Kurtz would be secured was in proper working order. Gone were
the days of the old Vlad, who would have hung Kurtz from a hook and beat her
bloody with his fists.

	When the coroner returned, he let Vlad in on what had transpired at the
ranch. The jurist indeed was planning to use the same stuff on Vicky that they
had pumped into Candi's tits. Norwood had not seen hide nor hair of Vlad's wife,
but that wasn't too surprising considering the fact that old man Kurtz knew that
he and Vlad were in cahoots. Perhaps she was all fucked up, perhaps she was in
the process of being fucked up, he couldn't tell. "For all I know, she and the
judge are in bed right now doing the nasty.", was the way he summed things up.
Vlad shrugged the whole thing off, but hinted broadly that he would soon get to
the bottom of things because he was about to put the old man's daughter through
the mill.

	Norwood was not happy at all about the fact that Candi Kurtz knew about
his involvement in her mistreatment. Vlad dismissed his concerns, letting him
know that he was in the driver's seat when it came to dealing with the judge.
The tall policeman remained unconvinced and grumbled to himself about the
cavalier attitide the chief was taking toward his safety.

	Norwood was smart enough to keep his irritation to himself; Vlad might
be right. He certainly acted as if it were all over. Norwood wasn't so sure;
that ball of muscle, pussy and cold fury would take some more convincing before
she rolled over. Vlad motioned him to come over to the rectangular frame that
they'd had Candi on previously.

	This was a very interesting piece of work. There were subtleties to its
design that weren't obvious, but Vlad seemed to know this construct inside and
out. It was able to hold a person in almost any position and any configuration
that one could want thanks to the various tie points on the frame and the
sliding stock in which one could imprison the victim's head and hands, or either
if that suited ones purposes better.

	Vlad explained what he planned to do to the woman, and showed Norwood
how he would restrain her so that her naked body was almost totally accessible
for about anything they could dream up. The chief had decided that their guest
would look a whole lot better if the hair in her armpits and the jungle covering
her cunt was gone. Norwood naively thought that meant she would be shaved, or
maybe the hair singed off, which sounded like a lot more fun.

	 Vlad had gone him one better. They would spend the afternoon plucking
every single hair from her armpits and mons with tweezers. It didn't sound that
unpleasant, but the sheer number of hairs to be removed meant that she would be
suffering almost continual pain that with time would grow. Norwood also hadn't
factored in the ignorance of both men about how to properly remove a hair with a
pair of tweezers.

	Their guest was in a squatting position, her thighs spread apart and
tied to the frame. Her arms were pulled straight up and held in the stocks
located just below the top of the heavy wooden rectangle. Candi Kurtz didn't
make it any easier on herself by her continous struggle to escape the irritating
assault on her body hair. After twenty minutes of yanking out the hair covering
her armpits, it looked as if nothing had been removed. Part of the reason was
that in half the cases only a portion of the hair had been pulled completely
from her body. In many of these situations Candi was being set up for the pain
associated with infected follicles and ingrown hair, which was not trivial,
especially when multiplied by perhaps hundreds of sites.

	The men amused themselves by trying to come up with the most painful
method to remove Candi's hair. Norwood preferred the oblique angle pull that
significantly increased the area that became irritated every time a hair was
removed. The chief favored wrapping the hair around the tweezer and then very
slowly pulling until it either came free of its mooring or broke off, leaving a
bristle behind. After another hour, every hair that they plucked caused a major
response from the woman.

	To break the monotony a bit, Vlad found a can of bug spray and proceeded
to use it on the irritated skin of his captive. Candi screamed at the top of her
lungs as the spray ate into her tender skin, spreading down into the now exposed
follicles, causing more pain. She no longer thought of what they were doing as a
trivial torment, it was torture. To shut her up Vlad sprayed her face with the
stuff and she went crazy, lunging like a mad woman against the ropes holding her
to the frame. She was in absolute agony as some of the spray had gotten into her
eyes. Vlad was a happy man. He announced a beer break and the two men went
upstairs to have a few and talk about the things men talk about when they have a
helpless, naked woman at their mercy.

	Vlad let Norwood know that they would be getting some visitors tomorrow
to help with Candi's "rehabilitation". They had a hearty laugh at Vlad's comment
that she needed a make over to improve her outlook on life, and these folks were
the ones to provide it.

	"My old buddy Lester the tattoo artist is coming over and he's bringing
his tools. I want that cunt's cunt to have a new look after we're done getting
rid of all that kinky hair down there. Lester has some ideas he'd like to try
out on her first before he takes the risk of offending any of his regular
clients. In his case we're talking cunt, tits, ass and maybe her belly too.
There's lots of room to try things out on her."

	"Marge from the piercing studio is coming over to install some jewelry
into her. She's talking cunt rings, maybe a ring through her clit, a tongue stud
or two or three, maybe even a ring if there's room left on her tongue. She also
wants to give her a nice big nose ring, which will be good because it'll be
another way to hold her still for some of the other treats I've planned for her
sorry ass. Naturally she'll get some nice big rings in her tit meat. You better
shoot her up with that stuff again so those tits of hers will be nice and big
for Marge to work on. Then a couple of nipple rings and she'll be all set. Think
of all the fun we'll have hanging weights on all those rings and seeing how much
we can stretch her cunt lips and tits."

	By then Norwood's jaw had dropped and his mouth had become a fly
catcher. His eyes just glittered with the prospect of watching Candi Kurtz be
transformed into some kind of a freak. He could hardly contain himself; Vlad was
simply too much for the good doctor to deal with. He shuddered at the thought of
Vlad getting pissed off at him, and immediately put that out of his mind, not
realizing that he would be put to the test the very next day. Vlad rubbed his
hands together and let him hear the next step in his process for reducing Candi
to something even a whore would look down on.

	"Remember Aunt Bessie? Well that old whore owes me a big favor for
looking the other way while we had those big spenders from the farm machinery
company in town for the week. Her girls made a pretty penny from those suckers,
so they're gonna help us to take the little lady in my basement down another peg
or two. Bessie's girls will be dropping in periodically with some goodies for
Candi. Bessie says her girls are turning maybe five or six tricks a day besides
the regulars that visit nightly. Well, tomorrow will be condom free day and
instead the girls will be having our guest suck their twats clean after they
take a couple of loads. I hear tell that one of them is on the rag and that will
be fun to watch when she waddles in and lets Candi chow down on that mess."

	Candi wondered why the two policemen were giggling like school boys when
they returned to where she squatted, her partially denuded armpits still
smarting from the rough treatment and the insecticide that had been sprayed over
them. The older one had been smart enough to rinse her eyes out to keep her from
going blind from the stuff Vlad had sprayed in her face. She made a mental note
to see if she could get him a few less years in prison for what they were doing
to her.

	They had gotten bored with tweezing out Candi's armpits, so they moved
down to that thick, curly forest of pubic hair that swirled in every direction
and had even sent an invading column to capture the region around her navel.
They took up positions on either side of her and began plucking the hair from
the region around the joining of her thighs and pubic mound. This time they tore
away at her furry patch with reckless abandon; there was none of that single
strand torment, now they were taking clumps of hair from her skin and it hurt
like fury.

	Gradually the two attackers tore a path from the fringes of her hairy
empire toward its center, her blood bloated cunt lips flanking her dripping
snatch. It was Vlad who accidently brushed his hand across that simmering pool
of sex juice and discovered oil. He grinned evilly and announced her moist
condition to the other.

	"This cunt is digging this; she's soaked! Touch that twat and see if I'm
not telling the truth."

	She groaned as Norwood's slim but strong fingers probed her wetness. He
let out a whistle and pushed another finger into her churning cunt.

	"I think what we have here is your garden variety masochist combined
with a souped up nympho who's suffering from extremely low self-esteem. I think
that make-over tomorrow will be just perfect, just what doctor Vlad ordered. It
should do wonders for her attitude and maybe even dry her up a bit."

	Candi's blood froze when both men burst into laughter. What new terror
were they planning to spring on her tomorrow? Then the fingers within her sodden
cunt began to gently tickle her just as if she were a bloated black widow spider
being wooed by a suitor. Then Vlad ripped out a huge clump of hair guarding her
swampy slot and the pain broke her erotic reverie. Her scream was one of pain
mixed with sexual frustration that she could no longer hold back. When it ended
she began to beg for relief.

	"Somebody fuck me, please....somebody fuck me, I'm so full I need to be
fucked hard! Please.....for the love of god, somebody fuck me!"

	Vlad pulled one of her sex thickened cunt lips away to use as leverage
while he tore another clump of pubic hair out of her mons. Candi Kurtz began to
babble hysterically as she sought mercy from them.

	"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuckme,
fuckme,fuckme,fuckme,fuck,fuck,fuck,fuck,fuk,fuk fuk fuk me,me,memememe"

	Her shrieking made Vlad smile while Norwood was stunned at this
incredible outburst and realized that the chief had somehow figured out what
made Candi Kurtz, the tight-assed bitch that everyone either hated or feared,
tick. He felt rather foolish at his lack of faith in this man-monster. He also
felt a little sadness for this broken figure who had lost her soul to the man
who had none.


				(To be continued)










The Family Vlad


                     Chapter 15


   Vlad had thought it very strange that the judge would ask Norwood to return to the ranch only a few hours after he had come back from that place. However he was too busy with his plans for tormenting Candi Kurtz further to think much about its implications. He had gone upstairs to see if he could retrieve one of Vicky's vibrators to use on the sergeant.

   As he wandered past the bedrooms of his children he wondered how they were faring under the care of Candi's uncle, Tom Kurtz. He wasn't concerned at all about his son, Val, he was a chip off the old block. However he did have some worries when it came to his two younger daughters, Viviane and Veronica. He made a mental note to drop in on Tom to make sure he was treating the kids properly. Vlad whistled happily as he discovered Vicky's stash of toys. There were any number of vibrating things that would do a great job in raising the blood pressure of his guest.

   For the next few hours Vlad amused himself by tormenting Candi with the various toys he'd found. He worked at delivering equal amounts of teasing pleasure and undiluted pain, always doing something to her cunt with a vibrator or dildo when he wasn't wiping out her remaining pubic hair with pliers that took plenty of skin with them. Candi either screamed or moaned when she wasn't begging him to please get her off. Vlad brought her close on a number of occasions; he had an uncanny knack for knowing just when she was on the verge of an orgasm, and at that point he would substitute pain for the pleasure she had been receiving. His favorite trick was to use a dildo to get her all juicy and atrembling. Then when one more thrust would send her over the edge and into bliss, he would jam it cruelly into the wall of her wet cunt and grind it against the sensitive lining as she fought to retain her grip on that orgasm that seemed so close just a second ago. Her sobbing would always signal that she had once more lost that precious opportunity for some pleasure.

   He finally grew tired of playing with the woman and decided to shoot up Candi's breasts wih the magic elixir, as he called the swelling drug. Norwood had left the hypodermic needles loaded, along with written instructions about how to administer the drug in the most painful way possible. He gave her the shots straight through the center of her nipples, twisting and turning the big hypodermic needle as it penetrated deep into her milk glands. Vlad enjoyed the sounds of her screams as the drug began to take effect, causing her breasts to swell and change color as the reaction ran its course. He reached over and squeezed the bloated bags of sore meat as she screamed and begged for mercy. Vlad decided to leave Candi tied to the frame overnight. He did show her one small kindness, offering her a drink from the foul smelling jug of strong warm piss. To his delight she greedily sucked up nearly a pint of this terrible stuff before he pulled it away from her lips. He could not resist slapping her big tits, now beginning to exhibit fresh bruising as they continued to grow, stretching the skin to its limits and in some cases, beyond.

   Vlad went upstairs to eat and have a few beers. He wanted to find out from Norwood what was going on out at the ranch that required his services twice in the same day. Finally Vlad gave up waiting and turned in for the night. He would have a very busy day tomorrow, but nothing compared to what would be happening to the broken police woman who probably would spend the entire night wondering about her fate.

   When Vlad awoke the next morning he found that the police coroner had once more returned from another visit to Judge Kurtz's "farm". Impatient to find out what was going on, he roused him companion from his sleep. What Norwood told him did not sit well with the chief.

   "I examined a Vietnamese woman who had been pretty torn up by either a horse or the guy with the biggest cock in the world. She was a mess, but she'll live. The judge stonewalled me on any of the details. All he was interested in was when she would be conscious and back on her feet. That seemed very important to him. I did all I could do to patch her up, but she was at least a week away from being ambulatory, which did not sit well with the judge. I kept telling him that her wounds made walking impossible for at least a week at the earliest. Then he wanted to know when she could get around in a wheel chair. He didn't like my estimate on that either. As for any sign of your old lady, nada. Something very weird is going on out there and if I were you I'd be getting a little concerned about your wife's health and safety."

   Vlad listened impassively, saying almost nothing; occasionally grunting in agreement with Norwood's comments, but otherwise not tipping his true feelings about whether his wife was in any type of serious trouble. Finally he announced that as far as he was concerned, today and perhaps tomorrow they would spend all their time making sure that the good sergeant was properly fucked over by the gang of folks that would be arriving shortly.

   Vlad checked on Candi who was still tied tighty to the frame, a fresh pool of piss beneath her. Her tits were at least two cup sizes bigger than normal and badly bruised. He also noticed a few areas where the skin had split open. There now was plenty of room for the tattooist's needles and Marge's piercing instuments. The woman seemed to have recovered some of her old fire; she was glaring at him and muttering under her breath. Vlad reached down and clamped his big hands around those ballooning bags of flesh and began to squeeze, watching her eyes as he did. As he increased the pressure on those sore melons, tears began to form and then she moaned steadily, the sound growing louder as he squeezed them harder. His laugh was almost a bark as he released her tits from his iron grip and watched Kurtz struggle to regain her composure.

   Lester arrived late in the morning with his asssistant, a thin teenaged girl who he introduced as his colorist. "I do the layout and the fine detail work and she takes care of inking everything in after." Lester expressed a great deal of unhappiness about the condition of Kurtz's tits, complaining that the swollen, discolored flesh would not properly take either his design or subsequent coloring until they had assumed their original color, size and shape. Vlad explained to him that he planned to have her breasts augmented in the near future to this size, so it shouldn't matter what the tattooing looked like before that happened. Lester was not totally convinced and said so. A few words from Vlad concerning the difficulty in operating his business without a license stiffled further complaints.

   Kurtz put up quite a struggle when they took her from the frame and strappped her down to the special table that Lester's assistant unfolded. It took a few well placed blows from the chief to get her calmed down. Lester showed Vlad his design for the woman's cunt, complaining as he did, that the region that would get the tattoo of the entwining snakes whose fangs would be poised over her clit was too rough from damage that had been caused by the removal of her pubic hair. Aother glare from Vlad ended that discussion as well. The chief and Norwood stood by the table grinning down at their captive as Lester's tattooing needle began drilling into her sensitive flesh to create the template that would be inked in afterwards.

   Kurtz refused to cooperate, struggling furiously and screaming curses at all of them. Vlad finally grew tired of her antics and smashed his fist into her flat stomach three times in rapid succession. The bald woman's face turned from red to nearly blue as she fought to draw air into her body. Another feint from Vlad before she fully rcovered convinced her that it would be folly to continue to resist.

    For the next hour Lester and the girl plied their art and what took shape brought a smile to Vlad's face. One snake had bands of black, yellow and red while the other was lime green in color. The fangs were exaggerated and located only a fraction of an inch from Candi's hooded clit. She cringed when Lester suggested that it would be better if her clitoral hood received an ebony coloring. Vlad nodded his head in approval and Candi screamed in agony as the vibrating needles ate away at the sensitive flesh guarding her clit. The young girl could not resist the temptation to tease the sergeant's clit into erection. "She's liking the pain, look at how wet she's getting", the thin teen observed as she rubbed the nubbin of flesh into glistening erectness.

   Lester presented Vlad with a number of potential tattoos that could be used to decorate Candi's swollen tits. He selected a spiral design that originated at her nipples and spread to a distance of two inches from its center. The spiral would consist of alternating bands of red and black. There would be plenty of room left for further tattoos as they were warranted. Kurtz passed out from the pain repeatedly and each time Norwood revived her so she could experience more of this terrible assault on her mind and body.

   The first visitors from Aunt Bessie's operation put in an appearance as the spirals were being needled into her swollen flesh. The table was low enough that the whores could straddle it and squat directly onto Candi's face. The sergeant was horrified when she realized what they were going to force her to do, but force her they did. Vlad lit a cigar and brought the burning tip to within inches of her clit and gave her a choice, have her clit burned off or start sucking the cum from the whore's cunt. Candi nearly opted for the cigar until Vlad touched it to the flesh close to her clit. She sobbed and began worming her tongue up into slimy cunt of the first whore, a giggling, fat teen who was probably no more than sixteen. Vlad and Norwood exchanged knowing smiles as they watched the once haughty police sergeant be degraded.

   It didn't take Candi long to figure out that eating pussy, no matter how degrading and how disgusting the contents, was better than having her clitoris destroyed by those horrible tattooing needles. That was exactly what Vlad realized as well. He enjoyed her choice to the fullest. It soon became evident after another pair of prostitutes had availed themselve of her services that Candi was getting into this scene in a big way. Norwood took pictures of the woman with her tongue buried to the hilt in some whore's hairy or smooth shaven cunt. Between visits Candi's tits were tortured by the tattooing process. Lester was beginning to get into the pain side of things as well. He applied more force than was necessary to lay out the design, and soon his assistant was following his lead as Kurtz screamed in agony and begged them to stop this fiendish torment.

   Later while the girl was finishing the inking step, the whore who was on the rag arrived. At first Kurtz refused to eat that bloody cunt, but an application of Vlads's cigar to her armpit convinced her that she had made an error in judgement. Soon her mouth wa glued to the rancid cunt of the whore who squatted over her and laughed as the sergeant vacuumed out her fuck box. When at last the woman was finished, the whore promised to return with another big load of cum and menstrual blood for her to deal with.

   Vlad instructed Lester to place the words "Vlad's Fuck Toy" across the sergeant's stomach in bold black letters with a scroll surrounding them. In this way there would never be any doubt on the part of anyone fucking Kurtz that she was doing him or her at the bidding of her master, Victor Vlad. She sobbed steadily as the letters were needled into her well toned belly. Only the arrival of more of Bessie's working ladies stopped her pitiful crying. They were delighted to witness her total degradation as evidenced by the letters boldly etched into her flesh. She had been branded like some kind of animal by the new owner and they gloried in her humiliation and shame.

   Vlad decided that a couple more tattoos would complete this session, however he reserved the right to have his "property" embellished further in the future. At his direction, a pair of dripping cocks were etched into her ass cheeks, with arrows pointing to her anus. While Lester and his assistant finished the work, Vlad amused himself by touching his cigar to various parts of her body, spending a goodly amount of time burning a path from her anus to the bottom of her cunt. The stench that this created was quite noticeable to the whores who came by to deposit their day's business into the police woman's mouth. Vlad roared with laughter when one of the more slovenly working ladies announced that this was the best job of pussy eating she'd ever had and wondered if the bald woman would be available again.

   Lester and the thin teen stayed around to witness the skill displayed by Marge who had arranged her schedule so that she could spend a few hours putting various kinds of "jewelry" into Kurtz's flesh. Marge was a walking advertisement for what she did; there were tiny rings by her eyes, a stud in her nose, another in her tongue. She wore no bra in order to display the nipple rings that poked through the sheer material of her blouse. Her jeans were cut low to expose her navel. There was a winking jewel set in it and somehow a small ring had also been attached to that area of her body.

   Like Lester, she brought her own folded table carried on a roller similar to those used by air travelers. With the assistance of Norwood and Lester the table was assembled, while Vlad did the honors transferring Candi Kurtz from one torture table to another. Once the subject was securely restained and her body made available for decoration, Marge and Vlad discussed the what and where of each installation. Her eyebrow, nose, ears and tongue would contain rings, while a large stud would join the other installation in her tongue.

   Before Kurtz knew what was happening, Marge slapped her viciously across the face. The police woman cursed her out and in a flash Marge had clamped a hemostat onto her tongue, imprisoning it in a grip of steel. It had happened so fast that only Vlad and Lester followed her quick move. They had seen her work on other occasions. With her free hand she picked up what looked like a paper punch. She quickly punched two small holes in Kurtz's tongue and as tears rolled down her captive's cheeks she deftly retrieved a metal ring from the case she had opened before starting the procedure. In it went and Marge released her hold on Candi's tongue. Before the woman could react to what had happened, Marge once more grabbed her tongue and used a small pair of pliers to close the ring shut.

   She reserved the stud for later in the process, instead punching a number of holes in both the ears and lobes of her victim. Soon three rings hung from each side of Candi's bald skull. The police woman shrieked in agony as her septum was pierced with a heavier punch and then a larger ring installed. Marge's performance was bringing gasps of surprise and even shouts of glee as she now homed in on Kurtz's tongue once more. The large stud was quickly embedded just behind the ring. Now the sergeant's outcries were unintelligible due to the amount of foreign material in her mouth. It would be many days before Kurtz would be able to communicate, and even then she had to speak very slowly.

   With another dazzling display of skill and dexterity Marge sank a stud into Candi's navel and followed this up with a thick ring driven through the flesh just below the stud. Each penetration caused the prisoner to utter screams and incoherent mumblings. Marge took a break at this point to plan how she was going to do Kurtz's tits. She laid out the tools, two hollow cylinders with tapered edges honed to razor sharpness, a pair of bars that had balls attached to the ends that could be crimped so that the bars could not be easily removed, a can of some kind of combined anesthetic and freeze spray, plus two large, thick rings made of a lead based alloy.

   First Marge sprayed the bald woman's nipples which hardened immediately into a pair of stiff pencil erasers. Then she placed the smaller hollow cylinder against the side of one nipple and jammed it completely through the sensitive flesh. Quickly she threaded one of the bars through the cylinder, displacing the nipple flesh that it contained, and then capped the protruding end with a ball. She completed the process by pulling the hollow cylinder out of Candi's nipple and capped the other side of the bar. She repeated the process with the other nipple and stepped back to allow her audience to see the result, a set of gleaming nipple bars.

   Installing the breasts rings was a bit more involved because of the amount of flesh that had to be traversed and kept relatively sterile while the rings were embedded within the tit meat. By now the pain was beginning to set into the police woman's nipples and she groaned, garbled sounds coming from her mouth. Candi bellowed in absolute agony as the larger cylinder now burrowed through her swollen tit flesh. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she passed out.

   This made Marge's job much less complicated. Unlike the installation process for Kurtz's nipples, this one required that the rings must be heated to temperatures high enough to cauterize the flesh surrounding them when they were in place, preventing subsequent infection. Once the breast flesh was displaced, and the cylinder withdrawn, the heated lead-based alloy ring, now split, was embedded into Candi's breast meat and then closed with pliers. The lead based alloy was deliberately chosen for its weight and malleability.

   All that remained was to install the numerous rings into the sergeant's vulva. At Vlad's insistence, Candi was revived by Norwood. The pain she was experiencing made her shudder and thrash against the straps that held her securely to the table. Marge began the process by using the hemostat to pull the captive's labia out until it was stretched to its limit. Then she punched a series of small holes down the length of the thinned membrane, about two inches from its edge. She did the same with the other flap of skin, being careful to line up the holes so they matched. This time she set tiny padlocks into the police woman's cunt lips, effectively closing her up as far as sex was concerned. Vlad grinned demonically when she placed the tiny key to these locks in his hand. He was already thinking of ways to use this key to further humiliate his new "property".

   Marge had saved the best for last, the installation of a small ring just behind the sergeant's clitoris. First she coaxed the little nubbin of sex flesh out from its hiding place, a surprisingly easy task. To verify her suspicions she worked her index finger between the tiny padlocks closing Candi's cunt for business, and withdrew it. She held the probing finger into the air for all to see. It was glistening and dripping with the woman's cunt sludge.

    "Looks as if my subject has been enjoying herself a lot more than any of us knew." Marge said with an icy smile. It was Vlad who responded.

   "I'm not surprised at all. I figured this one to be a pain slut a few days ago. Well, the bitch is going to get all she can handle in the next week or so. I hope my "property" survives it, because I have some special stuff prepared for her when her other friends are done fucking her over. Now why don't you see if you can give my little pain slut a good going away present."

   Marge smiled and nodded her head. A few moments later Candi Kurtz shuddered through a titanic orgasm as the small hollow cylinder was driven through her erect clit, the first step in installing her clit ring. Vlad smiled and licked his lips in anticipation of what was to occur beginning tomorrow.



                   (To be continued)









The Family Vlad


                      Chapter 16


   Vlad decided to start Candi's torment immediately, rather than delay until tomorrow when a number of Kurtz's old enemies would put in an appearance to do their best to make her feel as if she had died and gone to hell. He rummaged around in his basement and came up with a spreader bar. With the help of Norwood they soon had Candi's ankles locked into the ends of the rod and her wrists pulled back and fastened to her ankles. A thick length of rope was tied to the bar and passed through a pulley that was hanging from the ceiling. Soon the sergeant was hanging in midair, her body bent into a painful arc. Then the fun began.

   A chunk of lead normally used as a counterweight was hung from her waist, adding to the strain on her body. The pair then proceeded to enjoy themselves by hanging additional weights from the numerous rings that had been installed into Candi's body. The heaviest soon were stretching her swollen tits into torpedo shapes, while her cunt lips fought against the insistent pressure caused by the numerous smaller weights that hung from the rings that had been installed earlier in the day. It was Vlad who had the opportunity to attach a strand of small weights from her clit ring, bringing a loud groan from their prisoner.

   They amused themselves by making the weights swing wildly, putting even more pressure on the stretched skin and flesh. Vlad really got off by raising her tit weights and then letting them drop, yanking her sore breasts into cones of agony. It was Norwood who took off his thick belt and began laying the leather to Kurtz's ass. She screamed and cried as the weights bounced and danced beneath her straining body. With every blow from his belt, the weights were sent into a new series of oscillations. Soon Vlad's belt was also raining blows down on any portion of her naked body that was available. For a time the two of them concentrated on whipping the tender sides of her stretched meat bags, creating terrible pain that soon had her begging for mercy.

   They finally tired of playing with the helpless woman. It had been a long day and tomorrow would be even longer for the good sergeant. They had a brief debate about removing the weights from her arched body, and decided against it. In fact Vlad came up with the cruelest idea yet. They forced Kurtz to stick out her tongue and then Vlad attached a one pound weight to the ring embedded in its flesh. The look on her face was priceless as her tongue was stretched to its limit. She tried to find a way to reduce the strain it was creating, but failed. Vlad gave her ass a wallop with his open hand and bid her a good night as she made incoherent noises. It would be a very long night for her.

   The next morning they checked up on their captive. Norwood observed that she hadn't urinated over night, a sign that she was completely dehydrated. He also noted that from the looks of things she had spent the entire period wide awake, probably the result of her strenuous bondage and the weight stretching her tongue. Vlad couldn't resist giving her a good morning whipping with his belt. Norwood joined in the fun and they turned her body into a lobster-like shade in many places. Her breasts had shrunk substantially, changing their shape and greatly increasing the amount of tit meat that the lead alloy rings was taking up. They left her hanging there while they had breakfast.

   By the time the first visitors arrived, escorted by a couple of jailers, they had transferred Candi Kurtz to the wooden frame. She was in a squatting position, thighs spread wide and held open by ropes anchored to the sides. Her arms were pulled straight up and the ropes holding them were looped around the top of the frame, making her armpits easily accessible and pulling up her sore breasts. On the table, located a few feet from where she waited, naked and vulnerable, were the items requested by this pair that would be used for tormenting her flesh and making her life a hell on earth. Her two torturers wasted little time getting down to business as Vlad and Norwood looked on.

   Vlad invited the guards to stay and watch the action for a while, and they happily accepted, as the two furies took out their anger on the helpless police woman. At first they attacked her with their fists and nails, leaving her face bruised and her body covered with deep scratches, especially in the area of her tits. They yanked the rings embedded in her, trying to literally tear them from her flesh. She screamed herself hoarse as the vicious assault continued.

   The black one, a heavy-set woman in her late 20s, began to punch Candi in the face with hammer-like blows, making her head bounce as if it were a training bag being used by a boxer. Meanwhile her companion, a pale, thin woman in her early 20s took up a position behind the sergeant and began to batter her kidneys. The sound of flesh meeting flesh echoed throughout the room as the brutal beating went on. It was Vlad who finally called a halt to the beating by ordering the two to start using the stuff on the table.

   The thin one picked up the pliers and began to work on Candi's armpits, tearing away the few strands of hair that Vlad and Norwood had left behind, and ripping open the sensitive flesh. Candi shreiked until her voice cracked. The other spotted the small bottle marked sulfuric acid that stood by the rubber gloves. It took her little time before she poured some of the powerful chemical into a sponge conveniently located by the gloves. This one had a head on her shoulders thought Norwood. He congratulated himself on diluting the acid to the point that it would cause terrible pain, but not leave permanent scars. Kurtz tried to come out of her skin when the convict swabbed the inside of her thigh with the acid-loaded sponge.

   The helpless woman fainted frequently as she was given an acid rundown. The skin covering her thighs, rib cage, armpits, and especially her swollen bruised tits were generously coated wth the acid as she begged and tried to pound her head against the frame to knock herself senseless and escape the maddening pain. The black woman continued to use the pliers as Candi was burned. She concentrated on those areas that had not been touched yet by the acid, sort of acting as an advance agent for her companion. Vlad had to restrain her when she tried to use the pliers to tear out some of the rings installed in Candi's cunt lips. He hit her with a vicious blow to the back when she tried this maneuver the first, last and only time.

   All good things must come to an end, and such was the case with the acid. However the young harpy saved the best for last; to Candi it was just the opposite. Up until now the woman had concentrated on the sergeants's flanks and front. Now with only one good swipe of acid left, she approached her victim's rear. Candi tried to move her head to see what was being planned for her. When the woman began to force the acid laden sponge down between the police woman's buttocks, she started screaming her lungs out, suddenly realizing where this burning trail would end.

   The tendons in Candi's neck stood out as she bellowed in agony, her body quaking and blindly thrashing against the ropes that held her to the frame. Her eyes bulged and then she began chewing on her tongue as the acid began burning away the tender tissue of her anus. She started foaming at the mouth, the froth tinged with the blood from her lacerated tongue. Then she went into a convulsion that tried to tear her body apart as she passed out.

   Those watching were stunned into silence. They had never witnessed such a display of pure agony. Even Vlad felt the intensity of her agonies; it disturbed him that he could be so moved by anything like this. He hated this woman; he should have been reveling in her agonies, but his pleasure was somewhat muted by the terrible circumstances of it all. It was Norwood who quickly took charge of the situation, splashing water on Candi's blistered skin to further dilute the acid and then covering it with a salve designed to numb the skin and the tissue beneath. He was trying to prevent the woman from going into shock, and his quick thinking carried the day. Candi would be able to suffer more, much more.

   For the remainder of the day Candi was visited by a parade of inmates, each eager to exact some degree of payment for a real or imagined injustice done to them by her. Even though she was to suffer greatly and pass out again and again as she was tormented to her limits and beyond, no group was able to approach the level of cruelty exhibited by that first pair. It might be argued that the impact of Vlad's presence somehow limited the creativity displayed by those following that not to be topped opening act of this theater of horror.

   This is not to say that what occurred during the rest of the day would not be remembered for a long time by Candi Kurtz. She would have a hard time forgetting the agony she experienced as a gloved fist, coated with a material that made her insides feel as if they were on fire, slowly worked its way up her birth canal to finally arrive at the entrance to her womb. There the gloved intruder punched away, leaving Candi's cervix tilted for many weeks afterward.

    She had a reminder of another traumatic experience, burns around almost every ring in her body as the result of the jeweler's soldering iron that heated up them up until her flesh began to cook and the stench of the roasting flesh made the audience cover their noses. Then there was the pain and humiliation of having a hose inserted into her rectum so that her intestines could be battered and then bloated from the high pressure air that forced its way deep within her body as she screamed herself hoarse. As if that wasn't enough, her bowels evacuated spasmodically for many long minutes after the fiendish device was removed from her asshole. Thankfully the starvation diet that she had been put on saved her from further embarrassment.

   She would have nightmares about the one who spent the entire time jabbing her with a hatpin that must have been six inches long. As bad as the pain was, the anticipation was even worse. She was covered with sweat after only a few jabs and wasn't able to stop shaking for a long while after that woman took her leave. Some of the worst moments during this particular ordeal were when the hatpin pierced her milk glands, being driven directly through the nipple, just grazing the rings embedded in that tender nubbin of flesh. The single worse moment however was when the hatpin was slowly pushed through the length of her clitoris, her assailant rocking the pin from side to side as she skewered Candi's hot button.

   Finally there was the abject feeling of being totally debased as she was drenched with stream after stream of acrid urine from the harpies who took their turns at tormenting her. Towards the end of that traumatic day Vlad placed a device in her mouth that forced it to remain open so that now she had no choice but to swallow this vile liquid or risk drowning. She also had to face the fact that much of her ordeal had been photographed, and she had absolutely no idea where copies might be sent. Had she known that her uncle was involved in this aspect of her degradation and stood to profit handsomely from it, she would have been mortified beyond belief.

   After the last of the inmates had departed, her captors had a private session with her. Her breasts were shot up once more and she experienced the agony of having her bruised and sore tits once more turned into a pair of bloated, pulsating bags of churning flesh. Vlad finally convinced Norwood to inject a very small amount of the drug into her cunt lips. The result was astonishing; within minutes they had swelled to the point that the men could not force as much as a finger into her.

   Vlad pulled back the hood protecting her clitoris and smiled up at Norwood. There was no need to speak, it was obvious what he was thinking. It amused the tall gray haired coroner to know that he and his partner were on the same wavelength. He held the hypo up so that Candi could see it, and she began to make those strange noises caused by her swollen tongue and all the metal now residing in its flesh. The woman knew what he was about to do and she struggled fruitlessly to prevent it from happening.

   Norwood was less than gentle as he jammed the hypo into the stiff nubbin of flesh, thumbed its contents into the target and slowly withdrew the needle as she made eerie sounds. The two of them stood there in open-mouthed amazement as her clitoris started to change color and expand at a tremendous rate. It went from a pea to a walnut in size, and continued to grow until it sat upon the top of her vulva, now blood red in color and beginning to look like a smooth golf ball. They could see the mass of seething flesh pulsating as the nerve endings fired erratically, not yet able to compensate for the enormous mass they were now dealing with.

   The bald headed woman was shreiking and trying to pull her arms and legs from their sockets as her body attempted to cope with the massive changes that were occurring. Norwood began to feel slightly apprehensive about what he had done. He had no idea what effect, long or short term, such a dosage would have on her sex organs. Vlad, in contrast, could hardly wait to begin playing with the new improved sex-slave that his partner had created. He wondered how she would react when he plunged his hard cock into that super tight cunt, and began mauling her bloated tits? Better still how was she going to handle his fingers pinching and rubbing that lump of throbbing sex energy that Norwood's injection had unleashed?

   His questions had to be tabled when their guest suddenly lapsed into a coma. Candi Kurtz hung from her bonds, her body cooling, a sure sign that she was going into shock. Norwood sprang into action. With the assistance of Vlad the unconscious police woman was removed from the frame and carried upstairs. Soon she was swaddled in blankets, stretched out on one of the children's beds. Norwood decided that he would bunk in the same room just to keep an eye on the woman. He was more than a bit concerned about her condition. The coroner mentally kicked himself for giving into his urges and hoped that he had not made a serious error in judgement.


               (To be continued)









The Family Vlad


                    Chapter 17


   The next morning there was no change in Kurtz's condition; she was still unconscious and her clitoris and cunt were still swollen badly and even more discolored than last night. This latter condition troubled the coroner a great deal. While Vlad fussed and fumed about the situation, Norwood tried applying ice to the woman's clit, and despite being in a coma she responded by having a powerful orgasm.

   The two men watched as her cunt lips somehow filled with blood, some pussy juice actually began oozing from the tightly shut mouth of her cunt, and the nipples on her swollen tits hardened. Vlad could not contain himself; he captured her bloated clitoris and squeezed it between his thumb and forefinger. This time the sergeant exploded into a series of orgasms that left her twitching and caused streams of cunt juice to spurt from her. Vlad yanked the fat ball of heated flesh to its limit and seemed to be trying to tear it loose from its moorings.

   Candi's eyes popped open and she let out an ear-splitting scream. Her body shook so hard that her teeth chattered. Her arms and legs moved spastically, she began gibbering. Vlad was so shocked at her reaction to his brutal handling of her clit that he released it and stepped back into a defensive stance, as if preparing to fend her off. Norwood sat frozen, his mouth open, but no words came from him.

   It was Vlad who broke their silence with the words "I think our little playmate is waking up. I sure hope she wants to play, because that's what's on the agenda for all day today, lots of fun and games with our little bald friend and her magic cunt."

   Many of the games that Vlad had planned to play involved access to Candi's cunt. This proved to be impossible because the entrance to her fuck box was still blocked by her swollen cunt lips that acted like a seal. Norwood had originally been concerned that the swollen tissue might have acted to block her urethra, but such was not the case. Although she was nearly dehydrated, there was a small trickle of urine leaking from her on occasion. This gave Vlad an idea that he put into practice.

   Initially Candi was strapped to a low bench, on her back with her arms and legs pulled under and anchored securely with rope to the legs of the bench. Heavy weights had been attached to her breast rings stretching the swollen bags of flesh to the side. Her tits were also noosed with rope so tightly that the strands soon disappeared into the folds of flesh that were created. After an hour or so her tits looked like a pair of bowling bowls, black and bloated.

   It took some doing, but they finally forced a length of plastic tubing down her throat and into her stomach. They attached the other end to a funnel mounted on a small stand. For days they had been collecting their urine and storing it in the refrigerator. There was nearly a gallon of piss available, and slowly pint afer pint was poured into the funnel, to begin the journey down into her stomach. There was nothing Candi Kurtz could do to stop them.

    They gave her a quart and took a break to tease her. Vlad and Norwood pushed and pressed on her rounded abdomen, watching her face for signs that this was causing her discomfort. The chief leaned over and whispered to his arch enemy, "This is payback for what you did to Vicki. Just lay there and imagine what's going to happen when I start beating that bulging belly with my rubber hose. That will be real fun for me. Who knows maybe you'll get off on it too?"

   This time she took enough piss to make her stomach bulge, making her look as if she were perhaps six months pregnant. While her body absorbed this latest load of recycled beer, Vlad tormented her huge clit that now looked like a plum in color and size. She reacted strongly to the slightest touch, and when he pinched the bloated lump, her body tried to tear free of the bonds holding her down to the bench. A plan was taking shape in Vlad's mind; something that would be most entertaining to watch and most painful for her to endure. He pulled Norwood aside and they held a whispered conversation that ended with a slapping of their hands.

   Candi grunted and shifted her body as Norwood threaded a thin metal cylinder called a sound into her urethra. Even though he only had about an inch and a half to traverse, it was slow going. Finally a little spurt of urine indicated that the sound was inside her bladder. The fun began when Vlad took a spring-loaded metal clamp and placed it on her bloated clitoris. The moment the teeth sank into the super-sensitive flesh, she went into convulsions and both men watched dispassionately as she writhed in agony.

   "Now for the real fun." announced Vlad as he pulled out a piece of electrical cord that had been split to hold a pair of metal alligator clips. They were attached to the sound and clamp as Candi spent her remaining strength trying to escape from the terrible thing she knew they were about to do to her.

   "Fry the bitch! Make her smoke!" urged Norwood as Vlad began to operate the rheostat that controlled the amount of electric power that would flow between her clitoris and bladder. Slowly he inched the power level up and Candi went crazy from the pain. Things got even worse for her when her bladder emptied involuntarily. This only served to make the path for the current to pass even more conductive.

   She was in hell. Her face was contorted into a rigid mask of agony as the current flooded through her most sensitive regions. Her clit seemed to grow bigger as it was slowly cooked. Her urinary passage felt as if it was on fire. Candi passed out from the pain, but Vlad continued to increase the flow of power into her twitching body. It was Norwood who had to caution the chief about killing their captive. Vlad snorted, but turned the rheostat down. "Wake her up. I've got lots more juice to put through that fat clit." Vlad's voice was cold, without mercy. Candi would have a difficult time surviving this horrible torment with her mind intact.

   Things got a bit more dicey when the unconscious woman began to try ridding her stomach of the tremendous amount of acrid piss that had been forced into it.Once again it was Norwood who prevented a disaster from occurring. He yanked the tubing from Kurtz's throat and cleared her passageway so she could get some air. He loosened her bonds so she could sit up; this did the trick. Within a few minutes their captive had regained her senses. Vlad wasted little time making sure she would continue to rue the day she had ever encountered him and his wife. Even though she no longer had to deal with the tubing, there was still the terrible pain associated with the electricity that once more began to eat away at her clit and urethra.

   During the long morning and well into the afternoon Candi Kurtz suffered the torments of the damned. This particular session would haunt her dreams for years to come. Twice she lapsed into shock, only to be brought back for more torture by the tall coroner. The man seemed to enjoy saving her life just so she could endure even worse agonies. When they finally finished forcing the entire contents of their piss stash into her, she was so bloated that it was nearly impossible to draw breath. She remembered slowly losing consciousness as her lungs burned from the lack of air. This was a horrifying experience to know that you were being suffocated, and being able to do nothing to prevent it.

   Sometime during this long ordeal they cut the cords that were strangling the blood supply to her bruised and distended breasts. The pain started slowly and then built up to the point that she blacked out. She awoke screaming, the stench of her charred tit flesh assaulting her nostrils. They had started burning her blistered bags of tit meat with lit cigarettes, something they continued to do at random periods for the rest of the torture session.

   Vlad seemed to be fascinated by her huge breasts; he couldn't seem to keep his hands off them. If he wasn't squeezing them until her screams turned into choking gasps, he was yanking those bruised mammaries as if he wanted to rip them from her chest wall. Then there was the unending series of burning cigarettes to be pressed into her tit flesh or extinguished on her nipples.

   While all this was being done to them there was the relentless background pain associated with the compound that had caused them to swell and itch as the skin covering them popped and split from the tremendous force that was developed deep within their tissue. In less than a day her once firm, petite breasts had been converted into twin masses of hideous contorted flesh. To this woman that was one of the most depressing things they had inflicted upon her.To Candi, it would have been better if they sliced them from her body, rather than to leave her horribly mutilated.

   The electric torture was the only constant during this nightmare of a day. Once they discovered that her clitoris and bladder had limits to what could be tolerated, they began to experiment with other portions of her body, using her rings as the new conduits of pain. The alligator clips moved from one area to another, now sending blasts of power through her skull via those links hanging from her ear lobes, or burning a new path from her outstretched tongue to her nose.

   Her swollen clit was connected to first one nipple and then the other, sending tongues of fiery pain dancing along these paths as she begged for death. It was Norwood that always made sure that Vlad would never do anything that would end her life or the opportunty for her to endure new pain. For example he had wanted to connect her nipples and fry them both at the same time. It was Norwood who explained that this path would pass through her heart, sending it into uncontrollable spasms that would likely lead to failure of the muscle.

   One of the most fiendish tortures she had to suffer was when they connected her swollen labia, burning paths across her vulva. This particular torture had a secondary effect, it began to reduce the swelling that was preventing them from accessing her cunt. It was Norwood,once again, who observed this dramatic change and it was Vlad who capitalized on it.

   A metal tube was pushed into Candi's cunt and now they ran electricity between her clitoris and deep inside her cunt. Vlad ran the power level up until they could smell the insides of her snatch beginning to cook, and her clitoris began to pulse as the flesh was broiled. To their amazement she had a mind boggling orgasm, boiling cunt juice shooting from her twat as she rocked and rolled through the most intense cum she ever had experienced. The amount of cunt juice that squirted from her was amazing; it soaked the bench and dripped down onto the floor. It took them many minutes to revive her. It wasn't until Vlad held the lit cigarettte to her throbbing clit, that she opened her eyes and began screaming until her voice cracked.

   They used electricity to make her vomit up all the piss she had taken into her stomach. It took many, many jolts of juice, running between her navel and clitoris, to thoroughly clean her out. Then they forced the tubing back down her throat and hooked the other end to a water tap. Vlad barely cracked the tap so it would take a very long time for her belly to fill. On three different occasions they gave her huge jolts of electricity and forced her vomit up the water.

   Each time the tap was opened a little more so it took less and less time before she was forced to empty her belly. Her stomach muscles soon gave out and they just watched as her belly rounded, grew to a bulge and then continued to grow as her face went from white to red to blue, then pale blue, the onset of death by suffocation. At this point the pressure from her expanding belly was now pressing it up against her lungs, slowly cutting off her ability to get any air. They waited until she was unconscious before beginning to make her rid herself of the enormous quantity of water now flooding her insides.

   Vlad had a few more surprises for his captive. He was determined to bring her to her knees, no matter what it took. By mid-afternoon Kurtz was just a lump of twitching flesh, her body covered with all the mementos of the last two days. He had to be very careful that he did not send her into shock; Norwood had done a good job of covincing him that it was folly to use brute force to end this contest. He must resort to tortures that would slowly wear down her belief that she could resist his worst. His hole card was that this session was just one of a number that he had planned out.

   He wondered how she would react when he transported her to the farm located an hour's drive from town, in the opposite direction from her father's place. There she would have the opportunity to experience what a horse cock could do to her insides, fore and aft, if necessary. She be given a chance to savor some of the incredible amounts of semen that these animals could produce when properly motivated. He wondered just how much horse semen she could hold in her belly, especially when at the same time a giant length of horse cock was stretching her cunt to well beyond its limits. He wondered where her cunt would tear first, and if her clitoris would still be as large as it is now. Perhaps he might see if a horse could be made to nibble on this tender morsel before destroying her cunt.

   On the other hand he might have her introduced to the pack of dogs that the farmer kept on the farm to assist him in his chores. It was kind of strange that among their talents was the ability to tirelessly fuck any cunt that was presented for their tender loving. It was astonishing what rubbing a rag seasoned with the scent of a bitch in heat could produce. The farmer bragged that this pack could literally fuck a female to death if left alone. Vlad decided that he didn't want to know how the farmer knew this. He smiled to himself at the thought of Candi Kurtz, mounted in the stocks taking dog dick from both ends.

   If somehow she survived her day in the country, wouldn't she be delighted to discover that she was going to be loaned to one of the motorcycle gangs that frequented the area. In fact it was the one that she had personally rousted a year or so ago, sending a number of the members away for up to a year. He was sure that they had a welcome back party waiting for her that she would never forget.

   He wondered if there would be enough skin left on her body to put all the extra tattoos and brands they probably would like to mark her with. Of course that was just one small item on the agenda they had discussed with him. He really like their imagination. He was almost tempted to go along on their run to Mexico, where they planned to peddle her flesh as a way to take care of expenses; that is if her cunt and asshole weren't totally destroyed before hand. There were a lot of mean SOBs in Mexico who would pay a good deal of money for the chance to ruin a gringa in any way they wanted, just as long as she was still breathing when they were done with her.


   Despite what he still had in store for his arch enemy, Vlad still wanted to end this one-sided contest today. There would be plenty of time to have those other things done to her once she was officially his sex slave, to do with as he wished with her father's blessings. Right now her livid, swollen sex button was like a magnet to him.

   He had Norwood tease the super-sensitive lump of swollen tissue with a feather, bringing her to the verge of a major orgasm. Vlad knew the signs. It was as if he could read her mind by the way her naked body writhed and flexed as she neared her goal. He smiled grimly and brought the rubber hose down to flatten her clitoris, creating a squishing sound as the nubbin released a shower of oily fluid that spurted from the pulsating lump of agony that had been transformed from heaven to hell in the twinkling of an eye.

   While her shattered mind was trying to deal with this latest torment, he blasted her bloated tit bags with two brutal blows, causing the stretched skin to split in new areas, and something that smelled foul began to ooze from her bleeding milk sacks. The woman flopped and thrashed like a fish that had been gaffed and brought into the boat to die in an alien environment. Vlad paused to enjoy the sight of the sergeant's face twisted into a grimace that reminded him of a death's head. He looked over to Norwood and said, " Let's take a break and fuel up; there's still a few things I want to do to this bitch before we take her out to the farm so she can talk to the animals." He clapped his companion on the shoulder and they went upstairs to eat, leaving Candi Kurtz to shiver from the pain she was suffering and contemplate what the words he'd said meant for her future.


               (To be continued)





				The Family Vlad


			                    Chapter 18


	Norwood, as usual, was arguing against further torture of sergeant
Kurtz. To him she had reached her limits, and to go beyond would result in her
losing her mind, or going into a coma that could last for weeks or months, or
even death. That final possibility was one he would not deal with, no matter
what Vlad threatened to do. On the other hand Vlad had this instinctive feeling
that there were still a few more things that had to be done now to his captive
before she broke. If she was allowed to rest and regain some of her strength,
all this work might have been in vain.

	He was being forced to admit that this ball of angry, conflicted flesh
that seemed to love and hate him at the same time had to be tamed rather than
turned into a mindless piece of fuckmeat. He understood, perhaps better than
Norwood, that she had limits, and felt deep down that they were in sight. A few
more nudges in the right direction would be all that it would take to bring her
to her knees and end this struggle. What he would ultimately do with a tamed
Candi Kurtz was of no consequence; it would occur in its natural order.

	Somehow there was some type of communication going on between him and
his arch enemy. He could sense her fear that he would sooner or later stumble on
the route to her surrender and slavery. He also was accepting the fact that
brute force approaches were useless; it now required some degree of
sophistication, and this put him at a severe disadvantage. He did what he did as
easily as he drew breath. Then he was struck by an idea that was so simple and
yet so terrible in its consequences that it just might hold the key to breaking
her will.

	Norwood continued to grumble as Vlad prepared his next assault on his
victim. He disappeared upstairs and returned with a handful of plastic bags, the
kind you got when you purchased anything these days. With the coroner's
assistance they tied Candi to a chair in a hogtie that arched her back
painfully. Vlad stepped up to the tattooed, bald-headed woman with her rings and
studs and without warning pulled one of the plastic bags down over her head and
secured it tightly around her throat. Her struggles were fruitless and within
seconds the bag had fogged over as she sucked the air from it and began to
suffocate. Norwood looked on with interest and watched her struggles abate and
then cease entirely as she passed out from lack of air. Vlad counted slowly to
ten and released the bag so she could resume breathing.

	He leaned forward and stared into her eyes, which were blinking rapidly
as she tried to recover her composure. "I can do this all day. Just imagine
what's going to happen after a few hours of this kind of treatment. According to
the doctor here you'll start to lose some brain cells every time I do this, and
the longer this goes on the more cells are going to die off. The good part is
that you'll still be alive after I finish turning you into a vegetable that
still feels pain. Then we'll start a new game, and go from there." As he
finished talking, he once more bagged her and watched dispassionately as she
struggled and after a time passed out once again. This time he counted to
fifteen before freeing her.

	Somehow Candi Kurtz managed to resist this fiendish torment despite
repeatedly being brought to the verge of death by asphixiation. Vlad finally
tired of this approach and admitted defeat for the moment. It was Norwood who
pointed out that during this torture the good sergeant had displayed some fairly
obvious signs of being sexually excited. "I'm amazed she didn't cut you with
those nipples. They got hard as stone and you seemed not to notice. Take a look
at what's pooling between her legs, sure looks like pussy juice to me. I think
we are dealing with a closet masochist, one so afraid of what she may be, that
she had done a terrific job of suppressing it even from her own conscious self.
However the pussy never, ever lies. This one likes the pain and the dominance
she's getting, mark my words on that. Perhaps you should try a little
tenderness; that might just drive her up a wall." The two men laughed at his
jest.

	Vlad still had a few tricks up his sleeve. It was time to call this
Chinese fellow who did acupuncture. People often wondered how this man managed
to keep his practice going based on the few customers that patronized his place.
What they didn't know was that the man, Lin-Ling, had a second business that was
much more profitable. For a fee, a large fee, he would use his needles to exact
retribution from the enemies of his clients. These people were "clients" instead
of customers since the fees they paid were many times larger than those who went
there for his normal services.

	His special services were used by others outside of the Chinese
community. Those failing to honor their gambling debts or the interest on their
loans were introduced to the joys of this ancient art of healing now slightly
perverted by the needs of modern times. However the majority of his clients
sought vengeance from being spurned by former lovers, or discovering that their
wives were cheating on their marriage vows. On rare occasions it was the male
member of the relationship that was found guilty. It was all the same to
Lin-Ling. His only interest was to produce the maximum amount of pain with the
least expenditure of time and energy.

	Lin-Ling usually made house calls after hours and on weekends. In the
case of sergeant Kurtz, Vlad asked for a longer than normal appointment. Since
Lin-Ling was in his debt for services rendered in the past, such as arranging
for certain people who threatened the old Chinese gentleman to disappear behind
bars or suffer unfortunate accidents, he was only too glad to honor his
benefactor's request. Thus it was that one evening after supper he showed up at
Vlad's place carrying this ornately inscribed wooden box that contained the
tools of his art.

	He was most interested in his subject, who was naked and secured by
manacles to the metal table that had been setup in the basement. Lin-Ling took
in the tattoos, piercings, cuts, burns, and bruises that covered her body from
brow to toes. He ran his dry hands over her body, probing and prodding at
certain areas to guage her reactions. He could not suppress the small smile that
crossed his face when he inserted one of his long graceful fingers into her cunt
to discover how wet it was. This one would prove to be most entertaining he
thought to himself. Norwood inquired if he would require access to her other
side, and received a knowing smile along with his sing-song answer, "Later,
.yes..later"

	In the background Vlad rubbed his hands together in anticipation of what
was to follow. He had never seen this man work, but he had seen some of the
resuts and heard stories from those who had witnessed this man's skills in
action. The terrible beauty of this ancient art was the fact that it took a
fellow practioner of the art to be able to ascertain that a person had been
treated using those long thin nedles that in the right hands left almost no
perceptible mark on the patient or victim's skin.

	He placed the wooden box on the small stand located next to the table
and opened it to reveal an array of glittering needles ranging in length from an
inch or so to almost four inches. Each was nestled in its own space, a slight
indentation in the plush material that comprised its bed. Another portion of the
space was occupied by a number of wooden blocks of varying sizes and shapes.
These were used to confine and at the same time define the area that was to be
probed. Even a deviation of a fraction of a fraction of an inch could make the
difference between agonizing pain or a feeling of numbness. Lin-Ling was a
master of both sides of the coin.

	With the assistance of Norwood, Kurtz's left foot was totally
immobilized between a set of the wooden blocks. The old Chinese leaned over and
squinted through his glasses at her foot before taking a very small sliver of
wood tipped with some type of marking ink and dotting one spot after another on
the top of her foot, the ankle and finally the sole. Up until then Kurtz had
been silent and made very little resistance to what had been done previously.
All that changed when Lin-Ling slid the first needle into the top of her foot.

	Her eyes popped wide and she shrieked as a lance of red hot lava began
running across the top of her twitching foot. The pain grew in intensity and
Kurtz began to bang her head against the table in the throes of agony.  The
blocks kept her foot perfectly still and so he pushed a second needle into an
area a few inches closer to her toes. Now Kurtz could barely draw breath, the
pain was so great. It felt as if someone had poured liquid fire over the space
between the two needles that were now buried into her flesh. These two wounds
were just a warmup for what was to follow.

	He took a very long needle from the box, carefully sighted down its
length before plunging it into her ankle area, barely missing the bone. Her toes
spread apart as if invisible hands had pried the digits away from each other. A
feeling akin to an electric shock from a high voltage line now raced across the
arch of her foot and crawled up the back of her calf, knotting the muscles into
bands of unbelievable pain. All this took place in a fraction of a second. Then
things got worse for the struggling dark haired woman as she experienced the
same pain as if someone had flayed the skin from her entire foot. Kurtz
literally foamed at the mouth and chewed into her lips as she experienced a
small taste of hell.

	Vlad was beside himself with savage joy, the reptilian portion of his
brain firing off and sending waves of strange chemical compounds racing into his
bloodstream so that his entire body could be elevated into another dimension. At
this moment he was as close to a religious experience as he had ever been. He
felt energized to a degree that he had never dreamed he could reach. His cock
had hardened to the point that it became painful. For one brief millisecond he
wanted to pounce of that naked writhing figure strainining against the steel
bonds confining her to the table.

	Lin-Ling went Vlad one better; he worked two fingers deep into Candi
Kurtz's twitching cunt and  scooped out a goodly amount of her salty fuck sauce
that he happily sucked from his fingers. This one was a rare find, she loved the
pain he was providing to her even though the large policeman didn't seem to
fully appreciate what he had under his control. Lin-Ling began to dare think
about the possibility of stealing this special one from this brute who did not
appreciate what he now possessed. He paused to plan the next series of
penetrations that would send her back to that world of agony she so very much
enjoyed.

	Vlad and Norwood stood back and watched the old man begin the next round
of torture. This one did not appear to be anything special at first. In fact the
response from the sergeant was not at all what they anticipated. He drove
needles into the webbing between her toes. She winced as each sank into her
flesh, but her reaction was nothing when compared to what she had displayed
previously. When he finished, there were four needles forming an arc that
extended from the front of her imprisoned foot.

	Then he placed a piece of wood that matched the arc and pushed it
against the tips of the needles. Kurtz vomited as the pain she instantly felt
overwhelmed her senses. Now the needles had found that special tendon running
crossways to her toes. This triggered off a series of contractions that were so
powerful that her foot curled despite the blocks that immobilized it. The sounds
coming from her were not of this earth. The hair on Vlad's nape came to
attention as these strange alien vibrations wavered and whistled higher and
higher in pitch. Kurtz began to chew on her tongue and blood spilled from her
slack mouth. It was Norwood once more to the rescue. Within seconds he had
jammed a piece of wood between her clicking teeth, preventing further damage.

	Lin-Ling smiled at what he had created and removed the blocks from the
woman's foot. She was in a state of shock, not surprising considering the level
of pain she had just experienced. Vlad however wanted more, a lot more. "Do
something to her tits! I want to hear her howl somemore." the police chief
ordered. The Chinese torturer nodded his head and searched around inside the box
until he produced a set of needles that were quite a bit different from what he
had used previously on her. These were very long and on closer examination had
ridges chamfered into them. Norwood quickly realized the reason for these
grooves and licked his lips in anticipation of what would occur when Lin-Ling
began driving them into Candi Kurtz's tits. That part of the torment would put
her in a world of hurt, but the fun would really begin once he began yanking
them from deep within her tits.

	The old Chinese removed the studs piercing Candi's nipples and made sure
that there was a path still available for the needle to move deep into her milk
glands through the nipple itself. On her back as she was, sergeant Kurtz's tits
looked like  extra slabs of muscle overlapping her pectorals. He knew better and
took great pains to make sure that the tip of the needle was dead center on her
nipple. Once he was sure the tip was in the correct position he jammed it down
as hard as he could, driving as much of the needle as he could into her chest
cavity. Kurtz gasped and shook from the stinging pain that the needle's entry
had caused. However she grew accustomed to the sensation rather quickly. He
repeatd the process with the other needle and it soon joined its mate inside her
chest wall.

	He fiddled with the needles, making sure that he had some kind of a
purchase. Then he withdrew another tool from that box and clamped its jaws to
the tip of the needle protruding from her nipple. He leaned forward so he could
insert his middle finger into Kurtz's twat to check the amount of cunt juice
that she was generating. His smile told Vlad and Norwood that she was wet, very
wet. Her cunt juice was betraying the charade that she was trying to play on her
captors.

	Then he yanked the first needle from her tit and all hell broke loose.
The moment it cleared her nipple, releasing a small fountain of blood that
flowed immediately in the needle's wake, her voice cracked as she bellowed in
agony. The entire length of flesh where the needle had been was now torn to
shreds by the passage of the beveled edges of the specially machined needle. The
part of Candi's brain not blown away by the first bolt of pain focused on the
fact that the other needle remained in place, waiting to make its own path
through her flesh as the cruel edges chopped  to ribbons any flesh in its path.

	He let her sweat for a minute or so before he began to tease her into a
gibbering wreck, clamping the tool to the needle and then taking it off for some
imagined correction before refitting it to that deadly needle buried deep into
her chest cavity. This time he only pulled the needle partially from her tit,
stepping back to watch her shudder and scream, her body shaking and twitching
from the agony radiating from deep inside her tit. The needle stood there like a
small sentinel, reminding Candi Kurtz that much more pain was still to be
endured before this devilish probe was gone from her body.

	The old man added an element of mental torture to her plate. He clamped
the needle and instead of drawing it out through her flesh, destroying any
portions that was in its path, he sank it back until only a small portion poked
from the stretched skin of her tit. A tiny speck of blood formed around the
needle's tip and then began to grow until it had sufficient size to begin
flowing down to her ribcage. Again and again he teased her by clamping and
unclamping the tool that would remove the needle. Candi lost all pride and began
begging him to stop her torment, offering to do anything that he wished in
exchange. He appeared to be evaluating her promise, staring off into space for a
time before shaking his head and smiling down at her.

	It took another ten minutes before Lin-Ling finally finished removing
the needle from Candi Kurtz's tit. By then she was  basket case, crying
hysterically and thrashing helplessly against the manacles that secured her to
the table. There still remained much to be done before he was satisfied that the
last drop of anguish had been wrung from her mind and soul.

	His needles made visits to her face bringing agonized screams and shrill
cries from her as her features became contorted from the signals that the needle
made her nervous system send to various portions of her face. Worse yet was the
pain resulting from the needles that pierced her neck and even found their way
to her voice box, stilling her screams and babbling for nearly thirty minutes
before the proper synapses began firing once more.

	Sometime during this visit to hell her body was turned so she lay on her
belly. He had reserved the very longest needles for her muscular buttocks and it
was amazing how many pain centers he managed to locate on those twin hunks of
meat. However he saved the worst for last. He began to probe her spine with his
needles and over nearly an hour he gradually paralyzed most of her body except
for her lungs and the supporting muscles required for them to function. He even
gave her a taste of blindness that terrified her. It seemed as if there was
nothing that this master of the needles could not do to cause her pain and
terror. Still she was whole, although badly frightened and suffering from
traumas that would remain with her for years afterward.

	Vlad thanked the old Chinese man for a marvelous evening's entertainment
and acknowledged his debt of gratitude for this awesome performance. Yet there
still was a part of him that was disappointed. Candi Kurtz still retained her
mental faculties, and thus was still not broken to his will, even though there
had been times during this lengthy torture session that she made promises that
warmed his heart if only he could believe them to be true once she regained her
composure. Once Lin-Ling took his leave, Vlad turned to Norwood and said, "Well
it looks like tomorrow we'll be taking our guest of honor out to the farm to
talk to the animals. I wonder how she'll like taking fourteen inches of thick
horse cock in that tight twat or hers." Norwood glanced over at his compatriot
and gave him a feral grin.


				( To be continued)




				The Family Vlad


			                     Chapter 19


	Since this might be her last night on earth as a free or perhaps even a
living woman, Vlad decided to give her a sendoff worthy of such a possibility.
He told Norwood he wanted Kurtz to get a double dose of uppers to make sure she
didn't miss any of the light show he was planning for her. In view of the fact
that she'd be guzzling plenty of dog and horse cum all day tomorrow, he wanted
to be sure that her system was well flushed. The good doctor had just what was
needed, a powerful diuretic guaranteed to keep her kidneys working double time
flushing all the water from her system. Vlad decided it wouldn't hurt if she
also had her tits shot up with more of the magic potion, perhaps half of what
she usually got, still plenty to have those bags bulging by morning. This plus
the diuretic would have her dry as a bone by morning

	To allow him to use her rings to hold weights, he once more  tied her
wrists and ankles to the ends of a spreader bar. It in turn was attached by
chains to hooks that had been screwed into the exposed beams in the ceiling of
his basement. To stabilize her body, a leather strap was pulled tight around her
waist, compressing it down to the point that she struggled to draw breath. From
the thick band of leather was hung a twenty pound weight forcing her body into
an even more painful arc. Then he hung weights from her nipple and breast rings
until her tits were stretched by a combined weight of ten pounds each. From
there he went to her cunt rings, hanging two pound weights from three rings on
each side of her cunt. Still not satisfied that her cunt lips were taking as
much as they could handle, he substituted three pound weights for a couple and
nodded as her cunt lips began to look translucent from the strain the weight put
on them.

	Finally he produced the clear plastic helmet that he had previously used
to brain wash his more stubborn prisoners. However before placing her head
inside, he taped her eyes so they were wide open. He forced a small burlap bag
of rock salt into her mouth and used duct tape to hold it in place. Satisfied
that now she was properly prepared, he slipped the helmet over her head and
locked it into place.

	The helmet was equipped with an O-ring seal that made it relatively
airtight. Now the only source of life sustaining air came from the hose attached
to the top of the helmet.  The hose was fitted with a valve that controlled the
amount of air that could enter. Vlad closed it and waited. It didn't take long
for the inside of the helmet to fog up and then the moisture began to roll down
the sides as Candi Kurtz was slowly suffocated. He watched the muscles of her
body contract and ripple as she strained to gain air, but found none. Soon she
was quivering, her brain slowly shutting down from the lack of oxygen, her lungs
strained to their limit in a futile attempt to process air that did not exist.
Norwood's face was set in a death's head grin as he watched the unequal
struggle. Candi's body shuddered and flopped in mid air as she approached death.
At that point Vlad cracked the valve, allowing a little air to enter. Still it
took nearly five minutes  before the sergeant was fully conscious and alert.

	"Damn, that's some tool! Why haven't you used it on her earlier?" asked
Norwood. Vlad felt foolish about answering, since he had completely forgotten
this torture tool in the heat of battle with Candi Kurtz. So he tried to bluster
his way out of telling the truth.

	"I was having too good a time working her over with the other stuff. It
didn't make much sense to waste it on her earlier when I had all those other
toys to try out on that bitch. Now it makes sense; since this is her last night
on this earth unless she shapes up tomorrow, and that I'm not making book on.
Besides you haven't seen all the neat things it can do yet. I had this custom
made by a guy who owed me a favor. He even went to college for a time before he
got expelled for assaulting a coed." Norwood looked a bit suspicious of the
chief's answer, but he soon forgot about it once he learned what else the helmet
could do.

	The hose, which in reality was an umbilical, had other functions besides
supplying air to the occupant of the helmet. It also had the capability of
delivering random bursts of high intensity light from a strobe located at the
top of the helmet. Staring into the strobe itself would have resulted in
blindness in a very short time. To make the occupant even more uncomfortable and
disoriented there was a built-in speaker located in the vicinity of the strobe
light. It was programmed to deliver loud noises, screams, animal cries, curses
and a litany of horrible threats to the unfortunate wearing the helmet. A
computer program determined the mix of optical and aural bombardment that she
would receive throughout the night. There would be no pattern to this unending
assault on her senses, and the cumulative effect would be to scramble her brain
to the point that by morning she would be a drooling, babbling shell of her
former self. As if this wasn't enough, the program also controlled the level of
air that entered the helmet, adding another level of chaos to all the other
random events that surrounded her.

	Vlad matter of factly mentioned that in a couple of cases he had given
some hard case ladies of the evening who had gotten seriously behind in their
protection dues a steady diet of the helmet's capabilities that lasted the
better part of two days. One of them never recovered from it , driven into a
world that only she could understand. The other had flashbacks that to this day
still haunted her. Norwood just stood there with his mouth agape, simply amazed
at what this merciless law officer had at his disposal. The coroner vowed never
to get on the wrong side of the chief ever again. A few minutes later after
assuring that everything was working properly they took the stairs up to the
living area, leaving Candi Kurtz to cope with the chaotic environment being
created within the helmet. Even as she tried to deal with the brilliant random
flashes of light and the vicious threats being screamed at her, she began to
notice that it was getting difficult to get a good deep breath of air. The long,
wide-awake nightmare had just begun.

	Bright and early the next morning Vlad bounded down the stairs to the
basement like a kid heading for the tree on Christmas morning. His guest was
hanging from the trapeze-like structure, her swollen tits horribly stretched by
the weights attached to her nipples and tit meat via her rings. He shielded his
eyes from the arcs of light emitting from the strobe light as he got closer to
his arch enemy. He was able to pick up the sounds that were reverberating inside
the helmet as the speaker continued its insistent bombardment of her ear drums
with a welter of shouted threats, shreiks, squeals and the sounds of metal being
cut by grinders and the like.

	He reached up and turned off the valve controlling her air supply. He
watched impassively as the helmet fogged up, then began showing signs of the
condensates that were forming within it as the chemistry of the surrounding
space changed dramatically. Unlike her previous reaction to this action there
was very little response this time. There were a few weak attempts to move her
body, but they quickly subsided and she hung there unmoving, even her lungs
seemed to have stopped functioning. Vlad counted to fifty very slowly and then
turned her air supply back on and waited. After a few minutes had elapsed she
still hung motionless from her bonds.

	 At that point he took some direct action, opening the collar of the
helmet to allow the air to rush into the helmet. Even with this accomplished she
still did not react properly. Vlad yelled for Norwood as he started getting her
free of the spreader bar so she could be resuscitated. He continued yelling at
the top of his lungs for Norwood and at last the tall, thin coroner made an
appearance, still rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "God damn it, not again! What
the hell did you do this time?" The look he got from Vlad spoke volumes and
Norwood immediately shut up and tried to do everything he could to bring Candi
Kurtz back from wherever Vlad had sent her.

	An hour later they carried the body bag containing sergeant Kurtz to the
car and dumped it unceremoniously into the trunk. " That bitch is heavy for a
bag of skin and bones," observed Vlad as he slammed the trunk door shut.

	"It's all that muscle that makes the bitch so heavy. Soon as she bellies
up and says you are the fairest of them all, you're still going to have a hell
of a time turning her into some kind of a blowup doll." Norwood's remark brought
a sneer to Vlad's face.

	"You just leave that little job to the chief. I may have to tenderize
her some with my truncheon, maybe even break or rearrange a few bones, but when
I'm done she'll be able to wrap that snaky body around my dick from any angle
and put those holes into any place I say with no trouble at all. Not only that,
she'll do it with a smile and mean it!" Norwood was taken aback by the virulence
of the chief's reply. That poor bitch had a world of hurt staring her in the
face once she gave it up to the Vladman;  that was for damn sure.

	"Right on time" announced Vlad as he pulled his police car up to the
gate that barred their way into the small grouping of barns, corrals and sheds
surrounding the sprawling frame house in which Will Farnham lived. He was
considered pretty strange by most of those who had done business with him.
Considering the type of business they were negotiating with him, that came as a
high compliment as far as he was concerned. Rumor had it that he was once
married, but his poor wife had a terrible accident involving one of his horses.
Vlad was one of the few people in the world to know the full story, and it was
this information that allowed him to occasionally use the unique facilities for
which William Farnham charged others thousands of dollars for each day's use,
depending upon their particular needs. Let it be said that he never had return
business from any of his clients, although all his business was from referrals.
Technically his perfect record was intact despite the fact that Vlad had used
him in the past on two occasions, for neither of those two women ever returned
to the ranch again.

	The gate swung wide after Vlad announced himself. They drove up to the
house and were greeted by a tall, rangy bearded man of indeterminate age. "Well,
what have we here? Who's your friend chief?" Vlad ignored him as he and Norwood
struggled to lift Kurtz's limp body from the trunk of the car. Once they dumped
the body bag onto the ground he wiped his hands and looked over to Farnham.
"Believe it or not this is the county coroner as well as the police surgeon.
Doesn't that beat all hell!" The bearded rancher let out a cackle filled with
menace and slapped his hands together.

	"No way anybody will ever be able to top that one. Only you would think
to bring a coroner to assist me in my work. I am impressed! Thank you my dear
friend; now what's in the bag, goose?"

	It was Vlad's turn to crack a smile. He kicked at the body bag and
proceeded to give Farnham all the gory details in a few  terse sentences. "This
is a cunt that probably cost me my wife, not that Vicky can't be easily
replaced. This bitch also works for me as a member of the force and her old man
has plenty of pull in the county. We're here to either cure her or kill her,
makes no matter to me anymore." Farnham's eyebrows arched a bit at the reference
to her influential parent.

	"You know how shy I am about my work. I certainly am not interested in
becoming some target for a man with influence in the county. What guarantee do I
have that there will never be a trail that runs from what happened here to that
fella with a lot of pull?" Vlad had anticipated this question and gave the right
answer to it.

	"This man and I have an agreement when it comes to her. It will be on my
head, no one else's, because that's the way the agreement was struck. Right now
he's holding what's left of my wife as hostage against just what might happened
to this one at your place. However I think he has already done so much damage to
her that whatever I do to this cunt will fly as far as he's concerned. He and I
are the only ones that count in this little deal."  As he spoke, Farnham nodded
his head in acceptance of what he had to say. Norwood was stunned to realize
that Vlad had guessed what was happening to his wife. He began to wonder if this
didn't mean some kind of bad thing was about to happen to him as well.

	Farnham coughed and then said, "Let's get down to business. You want the
deluxe package, the dogs first and then she visits the stables. I know Lucifer
will be glad to see her; the poor horse hasn't had any pussy in over a month and
he's horny as a toad, a two thousand pound toad at that." They all laughed and
then Vlad unzipped the body bag, and with Norwood's help dragged Candi Kurtz out
into the light of day. Farnham let out a whistle as he saw her condition.

	"Damn, she looks as bad as my last guest,  and he was a male, the first
I've ever had out here to enjoy the dogs and the fresh air. You should have seen
the lady who brought him; she must have stood six feet tall in those high-heeled
boots and she had a set of tits that had to be double Ds. He was shorter than
her and she probably had him by twenty pounds at least. I'd guess her to be in
her early 40s. He was about twenty years younger and a real pretty boy. My guess
is he was her boy toy. I have no idea what he did to deserve this trip to my
farm, but she surely got her money's worth."

	"First thing I do is put him in the dog run, get him trussed up properly
and turn the dogs loose on him. He took all ten of my hounds in the ass and they
were none too gentle with him. I'd kept them away from the bitches for a few
days before their performance to make sure they were in the right frame of mind
when he was made available. He was bleeding pretty good after they finished the
first go-round. Usually I give the client the option of whether they want one or
two runs made on their girlfriend or in this case, boy toy. She tried to get me
to let the dogs take three runs at him, but I wasn't going to jeopardize my
little operation for what she was offering."

	"Damned if she didn't have me drag his sorry ass out of the dog run and
help her hang him from a tree limb by his bound wrists. Then she proceeds to
whip the skin off his back with this bullwhip, and she sure knew how to use it.
Then she starts in on his front side and even manages to land a few on his dick
and balls. I finally had to ask her to stop what she was doing before I kicked
her and him off my property. That kind of calmed her down and so back he went
into the dog run."

	"This time she didn't let me use the padding to protect his back from
the dogs' claws when they mounted him. He was an absolute mess when my dogs
finished with him the second time. The blood coming off his back was running
down and meeting up with part of the blood coming from his gaping asshole. As
soon as the dogs were out of the way, she walks in and shoves her fist, which is
now covered with a black leather glove, very expensive fom the looks of it, up
his bleeding asshole and starts giving him the fisting of his young life. I
decided to put the dogs away rather than watch her destroy his asshole
completely."

	"When I got back I would not believe my eyes. She was in his ass up to
nearly her elbow it seemed, and she was punching away like nobody's business. He
had a hardon that was so stiff you could have hung wet clothes from it. I just
stood there and gawked at this activity going on before me. Finally she looks up
at me and the expression on her face was spooky, sort of like some wild animal
that had been interrupted while she was feeding. She yanks her fist out of the
mess that used to be his asshole and slaps him on the butt. Somehow he stood up
and she pushed him in the direction of the car they arrived in, a Mercedes sedan
with all the trimmings. I don't know if I'll ever hear from her again, but if I
do I'm turning her down flat."

	During this time there had been no movement from Candi. Their host shook
his head and asked, "You sure she's in condition to take on my dogs? I don't see
her doing anything except sleeping or is she out cold? I don't like the looks of
this. You better wake her up so I know that she's capable of handling my
animals. Despite what I heard from you about your deal, I'm not interested in
having someone die on my property. No offense chief, but that's my rule." Vlad
nodded his head in agreement and asked Norwood to bring her out of the stupor
she'd gone into once they got her out of the helmet and down from the trapeze.

	As they waited for the shot he'd given her to take effect, Vlad
explained that his captive had been out dancing all night at the disco. "All
those lights and that loud music sure must have got to her. She was a real mess
this morning when we finally dragged her out of that place." He and Norwood
laughed at this little in-joke, but Farnham was not amused. A few minutes later
Candi Kurtz began to move her arms and legs and then began to mumble, but no one
was able to understand what she was saying. Vlad got her to her feet and slapped
her across her swollen tits to get some kind of a response from her. That was
sufficient as far as their host was concerned and he led them toward one of the
out buildings where the dogs waited for their new bitch.


				( To be continued)




				The Family Vlad


				   Chapter 20


	"What's your pleasure, the block or the frame?" Norwood had no idea what
the kennel master was talking about, but Vlad did. "Let's make it the block. It
gives the dogs a better target if you ask me." Vlad's reply brought a smile to
Farnham's face. "I love a customer who knows what he's doing. We'll have the
lovely lady strapped in good and tight in two shakes of a lamb's tail. Now how
do you want her to get it, one round or two, half and half or all one way?"

	Vlad paused in thought before replying. " If I didn't have it in mind
for her to meet up with Lucifer and perhaps one or two of his friends, I'd say
two runs, half and half. However since I want her to be in some kind of a state
where she'll enjoy taking fifteen inches of horse cock up that tight twat and
maybe even that tighter asshole, let's make it one round alternating, starting
with her cunt."

	Farnham shook his head and muttered. "A little knowledge is a dangerous
thing. I should never have let you in on how things could be done here. Now it's
come back to bite me on the ass. So instead of just having to make one change in
the middle of the run, now I have to change her shield after every damned dog is
done doing her." It was obvious from the twinkle in his eye that the kennel
master wasn't offended at all by Vlad's choices.

	They reached the out building and entered. The main feature of the
strucure was the dog run, a fenced area about twenty five feet long and perhaps
six feet wide. With Vald's assistance, Farnham dragged a heavy wooden block that
was perhaps two feet high and three feet on each side, into the run and located
it at the midway point that had been previously marked with a pair of stakes.
There were a number of iron rings mounted on three sides of the cube. They
formed the basis for a harness of leather straps that held the victim in place.

	Vlad and Norwood wrestled a struggling Candi Kurtz onto the block and
used the various straps to cinch her down to its top, her head hanging over one
side. She was forced into a kneeling position with her thighs pulled apart by
other straps that were anchored to the rings in the block. A broad leather belt
held her body flat against the top of the block and her wrists were pulled to
the sides and achored to the other set of rings. Farnham and the chief walked
around the block checking to make sure that Candi was secured properly and her
cunt and asshole were totally available for the dogs. Finally the chief checked
the front paws of the dogs to make sure that they were covered with leather
pouches so their sharp nails wouldn't cut the sergeant's back and hips to
ribbons as they fucked her bowlegged.

	Farnham picked up a rag and rubbed it over Candi's asshole and cunt,
holding his head to the side to avoid breathing the stench that came from it.
Now Vlad's arch enemy was covered with the scent of a bitch in heat. Even at a
distance the pack of dogs began to move around restlessly as they picked it up.
Then the kennel master produced the shield that would protect one of the woman's
holes while the other was being used. It consisted of a rubber bung mounted to a
plaited length of animal hair that looked very much like a horse's tail. He
centered it at the entrance to Candi's asshole and jammed it in with one brutal
thrust, burying it securely within her. He gave the two policemen a thumbs up
sign and exited from the run. He went over to the pen holding the dog pack and
grabbed one of the snarling beasts by its collar and dragged it towards the gate
to the dog run. He nodded to Vlad who opened the gate and stood back as the
animal was released.

	The tick hound hurtled down the run and was upon Kurtz in a flash, his
nearly seventy pound body slamming into her ass cheeks. He sprang up and wrapped
his front paws around Candi's flanks and began frantically poking his unsheathed
red length of dog cock into her body, trying to find her entry way. It didn't
take long for the dog to plug his cock deep into her cunt. It began to plow a
furrow in her tunnel with a series of strokes that were so fast that they became
almost a blur. The woman began to scream from the strength of its attack and the
terrible realization that she was being taken by an animal, a dumb brute!

	Farnham looked over to his visitors and remarked that the dog presently
coupling with the helpless woman was named Comet because of his speed and his
quickness when it came to fucking a bitch or a woman. "Old Comet will have that
cunt nice and loosened up before he's done poking her for the first time. I
always like to use him to lead-off one of these little gangbangs. You should
have heard that little fairy scream his head off once Comet proceeded to get a
good hold on his candy ass." The trio laughed and then focused their attention
of what was happening between Comet and his bitch. It seemed that there was dog
cum everywhere. His red cock was flashing in and out at a rapid rate and
throwing streams of dog cum into the air as it tried to bore a hole in her cunt.

	It didn't take the animal more than a minute or so before he began to
snarl and howl as his cock shot streams of hot, dog cum deep within Cadi Kurtz's
sore cunt. Then the knot began to form acting as a bonding agent that would not
allow Comet to withdraw now that he was finished spraying this bitch with his
seed. Despite the hundreds of times he had experienced this way that nature
assured his species would be able to successfully breed, he still reacted as if
it was something new with which to deal. He began to scramble backward but the
bonds holding Candi to the heavy block prevented this strategy from working. He
began to nip at her shoulders and the back of her neck causing her to scream to
the heavens from fear. He moved from side to side dragging the woman's body only
to the limits of the harness. Finally the hound was reduced to a series of high
pitched yelps and panting as the realization that it was trapped took hold.

	Just before the dog finally broke free from Kurtz, Farnham had started
towards the gate to the dog run. He approached the satiated animal and taking it
by the collar, escorted it from the fenced area and back to the pen, where he
freed it and selected another hound to take Comet's place. To Vlad and Norwood
the pack of tick hounds looked the same, but to the kennel master, they were as
distinct as people. As he approached the gate he called for one of them to hold
the dog while he changed Candi's shield to allow this animal a run at her tight
asshole. Norwood backed away from this opportunity to get truly involved in
Candi's total degradation and abasement. Vlad growled something to the effect
that Norwood was a pussy and walked over and took the dog by its collar and held
it steady while his host changed the tail, yanking it out from her asshole with
a loud pop and jamming it into her cum filled cunt for safe keeping.

	This dog was no slouch either, making it to Candi in jig time and
mounting her as she screamed in terror. Vlad laughed and commented that his arch
enemy seemed to be fully recovered from what she'd been through last night. The
two policemen laughed when they learned that this hound's name was Cupid.
Farnham made sure that they understood that his names had nothing to do with
Santa's reindeer. This one was Cupid because it usually took a long while to get
itself off, unlike your average male hound. "I figured it made sense for him to
break in her asshole since he's usually kind of slow at getting off. By the time
Cupid is done wth that asshole it'll gape and stay that way for a good long
time." Cupid lived up to his billing. It took him a few false starts before that
furry fucker punched his chisel-shaped dick past the tough ring of muscle
guarding her tender butthole.

	Candi proved to be quite animated once Cupid began widening and
deepening her asshole, boring further and further into that tender tunnel with
each quick stroke, but still holding its full load of cum in reserve. She began
to beg and plead for someone to get the dog off her. She cursed Vald and his
ancestors as the dog continued its relentless assault on her asshole. The chief
smiled grimly at her cries, sensing that his ultimate victory over this strange,
determined bundle of suppressed hatred and lust was in the offing. It settled
into an endurance contest between the dog and it's human bitch, one that proved
to be unequal. Suddenly the dog stiffened, seemed to gain an even more secure
grip on Candi's bare body, and began to flood her asshole with a tidal wave of
hot, dog sperm. Vlad's eyes glittered in triumph as he watched the unequal
struggle come to its conclusion with the dog securely locked wthin her
twitching, battered, extremely sore asshole.

	After half his pack had taken their turn inside Candi's bleeding asshole
and cunt, Farnham declared a recess so he could check on and clean up the woman
to make sure she was capable of taking the rest of his animals. She had been in
the run for well over an hour and it showed on her body. Her back and sides were
dotted with bite marks and some scratches since the dog booties were less than
perfect protection. She seemed to be dazed,her face blank and her eyes
unfocused, a state that he knew only too well.  

	Secretly Farnham was more than a little disappointed that this tough
lady had been worn down to the nub before he had a chance to do some serious
damage to her.He guessed that under normal circumstances she'd have been cursing
him and his hounds steady even after his entire pack had had their way with her.
He wasn't getting much enjoyment out of this totally one-sided match up. Of the
three that this nasty SOB had brought to him for his special treatment, this one
was in absolutely the worst shape. In fact she was so weak that he had serious
doubts that he'd let her meet up with Lucifer. The chief might get a bit unhappy
over that decision, but Farnham was not in the killing business, at least not
deliberately, and this one had near-death written all over her.

	Farnham was not the only one that was feeling uneasy over the situation.
Norwood was flat out frightened over the condition of Candi Kurtz. At the recess
he had gone out to the car and retrieved his doctor's bag. He joined Farnham and
did not like what he saw. Her pupils were dilated and her eyes did not follow
his pencil light. She was cold and clammy to the touch and when he measured her
blood pressure he found it dangerously low. Norwood knew better than to suggest
to the chief that this brutal assault on their prisoner be terminated
immediately. That was not in the cards and he knew it. On the other hand she was
on the verge of going into shock, a deep shock that she might not ever recover
from. He told Farnham that he wanted to give her a shot to get her out of this
trance-like state. The kennel master gave him a look that spoke volumes and
urged him to do something and make it fast. To Farnham this was beginning to get
too serious to ignore.

	Vlad strolled over to where they huddled and pulled Candi's head up to
get a good close look at her. All she could do was stare vacantly at him, her
mouth open slightly and a steady stream of drool issuing from it. He spit into
her face and she didn't even blink. He turned on Norwood and shouted at him to
give her something to make her wake up so they could continue having the dogs
fuck her senseless. Norwood could do nothing but shrug his shoulders and hold
out his hands in a statement that said he had no idea what to do next. This
infuriated the chief and he started slamming his fist into the woman's scratched
back in a mindless fury that had taken control of him. He was on the verge of
breaking this bitch's will and she was getting fixed to die on him. She would
win and he'd be screwed for the rest of his life. This was not to be. It could
not be!

	It was Norwood who heard the click of the hammer as the kennel master
cocked his pistol at the chief. "You and your friend have five minutes to get
this woman off my property and then I never want to see or hear of you two ever
again. Do I make myself clear? You may be the big dog in this little county, but
I have much bigger dogs than you outside of this county who owe me for favors
past and will make sure your body is never found."

	Norwood almost wet his pants as he realized that Farnham was not
bluffing. He and the chief were in a very desperate situation. They had a woman
who may be dying on their hands. They had no allies who would protect them from
the wrath of the judge once he learned of the death of his only daughter. To
Norwood there was only one way out of this mess and that was to get her to a
place where she could get the right kind of medical treatment that might enable
her to fully recover from the terrible things that had been done to her for
weeks on end. Norwood knew where such a place was; it was the same hospital
where Vicky Vlad was fighting for her life.

	Under Farnham's watchful eye Norwood wrapped Candi in a blanket after
sedating her with a massive shot of pain killer. He sat in the back seat of the
car with his patient as a seething Vlad drove. "We have very little time for
formalities, drive this thing to the judge's ranch and use the siren all the
way" For a brief moment there was some resistance in Vlad over this order from
the coroner. Who did that coward think he was, talking to chief of police Vlad
like that! Then he put his foot down on the accelerator and hit the siren
switch. On the way over to the ranch Vlad used the radio to make sure that judge
Kurtz knew they were coming and the need for a medivac helicopter to transfer
his daughter to the hospital that currently housed the chief's wife.

	Less than an hour after their arrival at the judge's ranch the
helicopter landed to take on Candi Kurtz and the coroner. The judge had insisted
that Norwood accompany his daughter to the hospital and remain there with her
until something definite was known of her condition and what the prognosis was.
He had very little to say to Vlad until the chopper had gone. "Come into my
house and sit with me. We have to talk about your prospects depending on what
finally plays out concerning my daughter's situation." Vlad followed the older
man as they headed toward the large rambling structure.

	They were greeted at the door by this middle aged, almost cadaverous
Asian woman.  Vlad was too deep in thought to notice her to any degree. Had he,
the chief would have been astonished at the look of pure hatred that lit up her
eyes and the way the parchment-like skin on her face tightened. Twan immediately
knew that this was the monster that was reponsible for turning her into a near
cripple and so damaging her daughter's mind that she was now more animal than
human. For a moment the thought of finding a large knife from the kitchen and
stabbing this beast in the back flashed through her mind. She was brought back
to reality by a quick glance from the judge and a very slight frown that crossed
his face so quickly that Vlad was not even aware of it.


				( To be continued)










The Family Vlad


                      Chapter 21


Abstract: The life and times of chief Vlad are about to take a dramatic turn. His meeting with Judge Kurtz yields the fact that he is partially responsible for the injuries suffered by his wife, Vicky. Kurtz makes it plain that nothing between them can be resolved until the ultimate fate of both his daughter and Vlad's wife can be accurately determined. He strongly encourages Vlad to take a new position, far from his home, which he has arranged with an old friend. The chief makes a visit and meets his new master, a man similar to Kurtz, but perhaps even more powerful. Life in the new place will not be alien to Vlad and so he does some exploring. He encounters the head of the county jail, one of his officers it turns out, and the sparks fly immediately. He witnesses how she runs her jail and is impressed almost against his will by her methods of handling trouble makers. It is very apparent that Vlad is looking forward to his new position and all the challenges and opportunities it will bring.




   Normally Vlad feared no man regardless of his position or authority. However today he had a very uneasy feeling as he settled down in the comfortable leather chair in judge Kurtz's study and prepared to hear what the man had to say. The judge was approaching seventy but his mind was still as sharp and well honed as it had been when he started out in his career as a jurist some forty years ago. He and his brother had done very well for themselves in this small town whose location had a strategic value that the brothers appreciated when they first settled here and began their careers. This huge farm or ranch was but one symbol of their wealth and power. The judge wasted little time in formalities, getting to the heart of the matter immediately.

   "You and my daughter were supposed to have straightened things out between yourselves by now. I've sat still for more excuses and delays than I should have, but that's my fault for having too much faith in you and my daughter. I must take much of the blame for placing your wife in her current position. However even in this matter you played an indirect but major part despite your ignorance of the background that led to her precarious situation. To be blunt it is touch and go when it comes to your wife surviving all the injuries that accrued when she was tortured by my crippled housekeeper and her mentally impaired daughter. You, chief Vlad, were directly responsible for the conditionof both Twan and Tai."

   It was Vlad's turn to go on the offense and he attacked furiously. 'What the hell are you talking about? Who the hell are these people? I never heard of them! Now you're telling me that I made them nearly kill my wife. You think I'm sitting here and listening to these lies. This is nothing but a damned coverup to let you off the hook and leave me hanging just in case something happens to that bitch you call a daughter. This isn't going to work old man, you hear me, it isn't going to work!" By the time he was done yelling, Vlad was on his feet and towering over the old judge who looked up at him with a cold stare that showed no evidence of fear.

   "Sit down chief and let me finish my story before you make a bigger fool of yourself than you have to date. Everything I've said is true and can be proved in or out of a court of law. I'd prefer the latter condition, but if you insist on pushing things we will have to go to court and you my friend will find yourself friendless and behind bars for a very long time if not permanently, depending upon what happens to my daughter. Now I want you to shut up and hear me out. Then we'll discuss our mutual options. Perhaps we can come to some type of settlement before this matter esculates to beyond the confines of this room." Vlad stood still for a moment, his fists clenched, the muscles of his face taut with strain and anger. Then he abruptly turned and almost threw himself down into the chair to stare fixedly at the judge as he continued his story.

   "Perhaps you've already forgotten the wave of shall we say, paperless travelers that passed through the county a number of years ago. Among them were Twan and her daughter, Tai, who at the time was a little shy of her thirteenth birthday according to what her mother said later. However she also told your compatriot, Norwood, that the daughter was eleven, so who is to say? It seems they ran afoul of you and your deputies and paid a rather heavy price for that encounter. Twan was crippled by you personally, at least that's what she claims. She also claims that her daughter was raped by your deputies to the point that she became pregnant."

   "Had it not been for the intercession of Dr.Norwood, your current partner in crime, it is doubtful if I would have ever became involved with them. However it did occur and as part of an arrangement to hush up what you and your deputies had done to the two, I hired Twan to work at the ranch. A year later after Norwood discovered Tai was not eleven as he originally thought, she too joined her mother at my ranch. I presume you are aware of the coroner's tastes when it comes to very young girls. Until the arrival of your wife to my place, life here was serene for all concerned. However Twan overreacted to her presence and unfortunately nearly killed your wife as an act of revenge on you my dear Chief of Police. So here you and I are, bound together by a set of circumstances that is like a huge web. I don't know about you Vlad, but I do not intend to be eaten by the spider."

   Chief Vlad was silent, his mind absorbing all he had just heard. It was coming back to him; now he sort of remembered something about a couple of those foreigners getting in the way of progress and being taught a lesson as an example of what would happen to any of the others moving through if they slowed down or dared to think of settling in the county. Those had been stressful times; he was having trouble from some of the business types and one of his major investments had begun to go South on him. Vicky as usual was being a pain in the ass and the kids were beginning to drift away from him as they gravitated more and more to Tom Kurtz, their mother's employer.

   Judge Kurtz's voice penetrated the fog that surrounded Vlad as he remembered more and more of what had taken place so many years ago. The chief felt as if he had nodded off to sleep, so deep was his concentration on dredging up that portion of his past. He blinked a few times and focused on the old judge seated opposite him.                                                                                 "It's going to take many months for the physical and perhaps mental issues associated with your wife's and my daughter's respective traumas to be completely understood. Then it may take even more time for the therapy to do its work. That is if the doctors manage to come up with an approach that will heal them to the point that they can function somewhat normally. Only then can you and I sit down and completely resolve this matter to our mutual satisfaction." Vlad blinked and thought of the jurist's words. He had no way to argue against what he had heard. However, what was to happen during this time that might be more than half a year? It was almost as if Kurtz had read his mind.

   "Chief Vlad, I have taken the liberty of contacting an old friend who is the chief judicial officer in a county located in another state. One close, but not too close to this one. Like our little county, he and his police department pretty much control all the important aspects of what it takes to keep the economy prospering and protecting against those interested in changing the ways in which the county functions. I must confess that his county has far more resources at his disposal than my brother and I have here, but that is what it is."

   "As it so happens, his Chief of Police has a family emergency that he must tend to , thus leaving his department without adequate leadership. If this were something like a few weeks, his absence could be tolerated, but it will likely take at least six months for him to adequately resolve the problem that he faces. I have suggested to my old friend that you would make a most excellent interim chief based on your experience and demonstrated skills in upholding the law in our county. He is most interested and would like to speak to you in person to assess whether you and he could harmoniously work together in keeping his county safe and immune to those forces that would act to change a system that has functioned successfully for as long as our's has. I think it would be in your best interests, as well as mine, if you took this temporary assignment."

   Vlad was silent for a minute or so, not showing any sign that he had even heard what the judge had told him. Then he looked up into the jurist's eyes and stared for a moment or two, making Kurtz a little uncomfortable with his gaze. "What about my children? Who will take care of them? Who are you thinking about appointing in my absence?" Judge Kurtz listened and then nodded his head.

   "I am pleased with these particular questions. It shows the proper priority, family first, then one's profession. I am delighted to see that you have once more proved yourself to be something more than the brute that people continually claim you to be. I have always known that beneath that rigid exterior there was some semblance of humanity, not much fortunately, but enough for you to function effectively as my Chief of Police and raise a family at the same time."

   "Let me answer your questions unequivocally. My brother Tom, will be responsible for the well being of your children. He will provide his home as their shelter, and his cook will be delighted to cook for more than one person, something she has bitterly complained about for years. You eldest will receive a stipend sufficient to take care of the incidental expenses that are required to assure that children have a degree of freedom from the tyranny of adults. I will be personally accountable for seeing that no harm falls to your children in the advent that my brother is incapacitated and unable to carry out his obligations. All the money that is due to your wife for her work at Kurtz Enterprises studio will be held in an escrow account to be overseen by me. I trust that answers your first question." All Vlad could do was nod his head.

   "I had hoped that my daughter would ultimately replace you as Chief of Police, but that will never be, based on her condition and the doctor's prognosis at this time. Until your return, Lt. Rizzo will hold the position as a temporary appointment. Your associate, Dr. Norwood, will remain in his current capacity; there will be no retaliation for his role in causing my daughter's condition. If this selection doesn't cause you too many problems, then I would suggest that you plan on meeting Judge Thompson in his office the day after tomorrow. I have taken the liberty of having arrangements made by the local travel agency. I hope you and the judge hit it off, and you can satisfy his needs. I'll be most interested to see how your interview turns out." The judge stood up and held out his hand to the chief. Vlad rose and shook the judge's hand almost mechanically before taking his leave. There was much to do before his flight the next evening.

   Vlad arrived ten minutes before his meeting and sat in the anteroom waiting for the judge to see him. He was struck by the attractive young woman who evidently was the jurist's factotum by the manner in which she welcomed him and the way she answered the few phone calls that she received while he waited. Promptly at the time agreed upon, Vlad was ushered into the offices of Judge Henry Thompson. He was greeted by a man in his mid to late sixties with a neatly trimmed white beard, a full head of graying hair and pale blue eyes that peered at him through wire rimmed glasses that made him appear almost scholarly. His voice was deep, almost rumbling, and his handshake was very firm. To Vlad this man exuded power and self confidence, but to look at his surroundings one would have gotten a different opinion. It was decorated tastefully with wooden furniture that was much lighter than what one would expect in a judge's office, muted drapes and a colorful patterned rug that contrasted and at the same time gave the rest of the room an open, almost airy appearance. Perched on the edge of the desk was a rag doll that was so out of place that the chief began to focus on it, much to the delight of the judge.

   "That's Vivian, she was my daughter's favorite doll when she was young. My daughter thought Vivian was her protector and when she went off to go into business on the East Coast, she left Vivian to take care of me. That little doll has done a hell of a job I might add. Now let me tell you what I've heard about you and your credentials." The judge reseated himself and asked Vlad if he was interested in anything to drink. He smiled when Vlad asked for some black coffee, claiming it was too early for anything stronger. The chief was rather taken aback by this man who seemed to be able to open him up almost immediately and begin to rummage around beneath his skin to find out his hidden secrets. This was not at all to Vlad's liking.

   Vlad's feeling of discomfort rose quickly when the judge casually mentioned the four cases that involved accidental deaths of prisoners while they were in his custody. He went on to mention the number of arrests that Vlad's men made on average in a year, much higher proportionately than what occurred in his jurisdiction. He knew about the prostitution and the favors that Vlad's organization dispensed to various businesses which occasionally needed some police protection of their turf from organizations that were based outside of the county. He knew about Tom Kurtz's pornography business, one of the biggest in the entire South. Vlad just sat there and did not choose to argue with anything that he heard from the judge; it was as he said it was.

   Finally the man leaned forward and said, "Vivian used to work quite well, but times have changed and I need someone a bit larger and definitely much more nasty to handle the challenges of today's criminal entrepreneurs, be they the white collar type or the kind you are more familiar with. I have lawyers to take care of the white collar criminals, but sometimes they need to be backed with the kind of muscle that you have demonstrated over the years in your capacity as chief. Naturally the non-white collar element will be your prime focus and I expect you to run a very tight ship from day one. You will be the new kid in town and there are people and organizations that will take your measure which is their right if they wish to stay in business in our little world. By the way the population of this county is two and a half times what yours is, but it still only requires one chief to call the shots for the deputies. I think you are the man , what do you think?"

   It took seconds for Vlad to nod his head. The judge was delighted and told Vlad that his assistant, Ms Anita Watson, who was off limits to everyone in the county, would make arrangements for him to be properly housed while he was the acting Chief of Police for the county. If he had any reasonable needs in the area of his personal needs, she would handle those matters; anything else would be done between him and Vlad. This was the kind of arrangement that made Vlad very comfortable.

   The first thing he did was to cancel his return flight. He wanted to take a look around at what kind of place he had to police and what type of businesses needed protection by his new organization. He also wanted to take the measure of those who would be reporting directly to him. The largest city in the county was located at the mouth of a river that was used to transport the lumber that came from the pine forests to the north. This city was also a hotbed for illegal, but protected gambling. There were three large casinos disguised as restaurants, as well as a river boat that took the high rollers out to a more secure location where they indulged themselves in their favorite and second favorite vices. There were two thriving brothels also protected by his organization, and a relatively small, illegal prostitution element consisting of semipros and amateurs trying to pick up a fast buck. Vlad found it amusing that his old and new territories had so much in common when it came to the world's oldest profession.

   As near as Vlad could tell on such short notice, there did not appear to be any organized crime other than what the judge controlled, at least in the county's largest city which on a good weekend might hold upwards of 25 thousand people, most of them looking to gamble. Suprisingly there was only a sheriff's substation located in the city. Vlad found this curious and decided to check into the station to find out the reason for this situation. As soon as he entered the building he became aware that news of his appointment had already proceeded him. He was immediately welcomed by the station commander, a tall, weathered individual who it turned out had been a military officer who served in Viet Nam, among other places, in his twenty some odd years in the service.

   Lt. Dawson acknowledged that he'd heard from Judge Thompson concerning Vlad's acceptance of the temporary appointment. He offered no information on the reasons for the chief's absence, and Vlad chose not to do any poking in that area for the moment. Vlad came away with a feeling of confidence in this individual. His answers to questions were straight forward; there was no hedging or beating around the bush when it came to his replies. When queried about the reason for not locating the sheriff's headquarters in the county's largest city, he smiled and told Vlad that there were other assets worth as much or more than those of this port, and the powers that be had decided to keep the headquarters centralized among all the assets of the county.

   He mentioned some manufacturing facilities that paid a considerable amount of protection money to be left alone. There were other business ventures that were near and dear to the judge's heart and they too received plenty of attention to assure that they continued to flourish. Finally there was the interesting concept that all the citizens of the county deserved some form of equal protection from hoodlums and the like who on occasion ventured into this rather pristine area of the state, and usually were quickly rooted out before they could begin to grow and fester.

   When Dawson casually mentioned that police headquarters, the main court and the county jail were all colocated, Vlad's eyebrows went up. "It makes handling the criminal element a whole lot easier and cost effective when they are all in the same general area while they're being processed, tried and imprisoned. That by the way is another fairly large business in these parts. A lot of our inmates are farmed out to the local industries as part of their "rehabilitation". It makes for a lot of happy people and keeps the cost of maintaining our prisoners quite a bit lower than the budget allows for. I think they call that a win-win situation." The smile that came with the last sentence told Vlad all he needed to know on that subject. He thanked Dawson and told him he'd be in touch before he went back home to pack up and return for the duration of his appointment.

   After an hour's drive Vlad reached the county seat and headed for the court house in hopes of witnessing what passed for justice in this neck of the woods, and perhaps getting a look at Judge Thompson in action. He was not disappointed. Vlad walked in just as a witness was being sworn in. It was a young girl, perhaps fifteen or so and she was wearing a blue jump suit which had the words " Hanscomb County Jail" stamped on the back. There in his black robed glory sat the judge, waiting for the girl to be seated. The prosecutor began questioning her on her association with a man he claimed was her pimp. She proved to be a tough customer, and the judge declared a recess before disappearing into his chambers. As soon as he was gone, a bailiff approached the chief and asked him to come with him because the judge wanted to speak to him privately. Vlad followed the man into the little room located behind the curtain in the courtroom.

   Judge Thompson smiled when Vlad entered his chambers. "I am impressed by the way you've gone about casing the joint as they say in the criminal world. Lt. Dawson was most impressed by you which is a good thing, since he was the only other candidate for the position, but I think all those years of killing people for a living in the service has softened him a bit too much for my particular needs. I am honored that you'd pick my little courtroom as your next stop rather than the building where your office will be located. Take my advice and look at the jail, ask for Lt. Karlson. I'm sure the good lieutenant will give the kind of tour of the facility that you will appreciate. Perhaps afterwards you might take a peek at your quarters; they are top notch if I do say so." With that the judge turned and began to check some papers on the small desk that was one of the few pieces of furniture in the room. Vlad took the hint and left. The bailiff gave him directions to the jail and Vlad decided to walk since it was a nice day.

   Vlad walked into the reception area and was greeted by a deputy who knew who he was and escorted him to meet his superior, Lt. Karlson. The chief was properly impressed by the communication system that his organization possessed. He just hoped that they were good at other things as well.

   "Pleased to meet you chief Vlad, I'm Lieutenant Karlson. The judge has asked me to show you around and answer any questions you may have." Vlad was a big man and used to towering over women. Instead he found himself almost eye to eye with this shapely, buxom, redhead who appeared to be in her mid thirties. He immediately adopted an aggressive posture, the result of his frequent skirmishes with Candi Kurtz. He caught himself about to launch some cutting remark about her uniform, then immediately backed off and enjoyed the view her open blouse was providing. Their eyes met and she gave him a thin-lipped smile of welcome before waving him to follow her. The view from the rear was every bit as interesting as her open blouse.

   They walked down a long corridor and entered the main portion of the jail. The first thing that Vlad noticed was there were very few prisoners in those cells, the occupants mostly older men or women. These women were unattractive in almost all cases, some overweight, others with hatchet faces and mean eyes, most on the wrong side of thirty. Lt. Karlson took out her keyring to get them into the next section which she informed him housed the hard cases. There were two rows of solitary confinement cells, solid metal doors with a peep hole and feeding slot. "We currently are entertaining fifteen inmates here, six women and nine men. They will remain here until they convince me and my deputies that they have seen the error of their ways. In my jail they have only one chance to get out; the second trip to this place is for the rest of their sentences. We have at present two men and one woman that fit into that category."

   The jailer used still another key to pass through a door that led to a flight of stairs. Vlad followed her swaying hips as they descended to an underground level that featured four doors, two on each side, widely separated. "I call these the exercise rooms. This is where we convince the hard cases that it's a lot smarter to get with the program than spend any significant time being exercised. As luck would have it, one of the permanent members of the solitary confinement wing is being exercised in one room while another new attendee is being introduced to the process in another. We can take a peek through this one way glass."

   Vlad's eyes widened and his heart beat increased significantly at what he saw. Hanging from her thumbs was an emaciated woman, stark naked. It was difficult to guess her age because of her poor physical condition that included a swollen face. Her legs were spread wide and the clamps attached to her toes were anchored by cables to ringbolts in the floor. A male deputy holding a rubber truncheon was pulling her lank blonde hair to rouse her. They could hear his voice quite easily. "You're not fooling me for a second you miserable cunt! I know your limits and we haven't even got close to them yet. Now open your fucking eyes!"
There was no response from the woman.

   The deputy grunted and then punched her squarely in the face, splitting her lips open and making her head bounce back and forward from the force of the blow. Then he stepped closer and drove his leather gloved fist into her cunt, bringing a grunt of pain and a small stream of bloody froth from her mouth. He bent down to retrieve his hose and began using it on her swollen tits which looked like two flat tires in shape and color. Vlad looked over to an excited Lt. Karlson who was licking her lips in anticipation of what was to follow. "Keep watching, this is going to be good. He's going to cane her! Vlad recognized a kindred spirit in this tall woman. Perhaps this assignment might prove to be more than just a job. There seemed to be potential for some enjoyment as well.

   For the better part of ten minutes they watched the deputy use a three foot length of bamboo on the woman's naked body, moving from back to front and going from her swollen tits to her kneecaps which brought the loudest screams from her. Vlad was impressed by the way the man could make the tip cut into her cunt lips, tearing them to tatters as she shrieked to the heavens praying for her god to allow her to die. The lieutenant observed that this deputy could use the cane for as long as he wanted without drawing blood, if that wasn't his objective. Prisoners often went into deep shock from his canings, but never lost so much as a drop of blood. This woman had almost five more months to serve in solitary before being released from county jail. She was sure that by that time every square inch of her emaciated body would have been opened by the tip of that terrible weapon. Vlad was most impressed. For a moment he was back in his basement using a cane on Candi Kurtz as she hung by her thumbs, her body stripped with dozens upon dozens of bleeding wounds as he slashed her to pieces. Then he realized that his guide was calling his name and asking if he'd seen enough of this room. Vlad nodded dumbly and let himself be escorted to the second exercise room.

   He should have guessed that this room contained something completely different, but Vlad's jaw dropped when he took a good look at what was going on. He quickly glanced at his escort and caught her with a wide smile on her face. His eyes narrowed for a second, just long enough for Karlson to understand that her new chief did not like surprises of this nature.

   There was a naked man with a rope around his neck that forced him to stand on his toes. His hands appeared to be either tied or cuffed behind his back. His hard cock was pressed up against his lower belly by a swath of Velcro. His red and swollen balls were responding to the weight that hung from his scrotum. A female deputy wearing only a bra above her waist was standing behind him using a rubber hose. Karlson smirked and observed that he'd be pissing blood for a couple of days at least, after her deputy got done drubbing his kidneys.

   This one was a new member of the club getting an introduction to the exercise room. They watched as the prisoner grunted and hopped from one foot to the other as he was battered. Now it was Karlson's turn to take a break from reality, based on the almost blank stare she provided. Vlad wondered what kind of a fantasy she was having; he would have been very much surprised if he could have seen it.

   The deputy now moved to face her prisoner and Vlad could not help observing that she had quite a body and her face wasn't half bad either. His musings were shattered as she swung the rubber hose, landing it directly on the head of the man's cock, and bringing a scream of mortal agony from him. She wasted little time giving his balls a good taste of the hose and her victim began to vomit. Then she smashed the hose against his stiff cock over and over until he slumped, his full weight now supported by the noose that was slowly strangling him. For a brief moment Vlad was tempted to pound on the window, but the deputy knew what she was doing. She pulled a knife from her back pocket and in one swift motion cut the noose away, allowing the inmate to collapse to the floor. "He'll live, don't worry." Karlson said. Her remark annoyed him, but he held his tongue. There would be plenty of time to take care of her smart mouth once he got settled into his new job.

   The following day Vlad boarded the aircraft that would take him back so he could pack up and transfer those items he needed for his new assignment. He also had to see his children and make sure that they knew that he was not deserting them, and that their mother was recovering in a hospital a long way from home. He hoped he was not putting them on by saying that she was going to recover, but that is what he thought, so that is what he would say to them. For all his failings, Vlad still reserved some small part of himself for his offspring.


               ( To be continued )



				The Family Vlad


				    Chapter 22


	It had been a long day and Vlad realized that he wasn't going to make
his destination in the one-day he had originally estimated. The rental truck and
trailer had proven to be more of a challenge than he had thought, which did not
make his mood any better. It had been a hot day with the humidity doing its best
to match the temperature. He could see off in the distance that thunderclouds
were forming; another good reason to get into a motel, hopefully one that had
some type of restaurant nearby. In the interests of making good time he had
skipped lunch, depending on a candy bar to get him through the day. He did have
the good sense to bring enough water with him, so thirst was not an issue.

	He had slowed down and was searching for directions to some place to
stay for the night. Then he caught a glimpse of the girl standing by the side of
the road next to a nondescript auto with its hood up, the universal sign of car
trouble. This little brunette morsel looked to be in her mid to late teens and
was wearing a pair of short shorts and a top that molded itself to her body like
a second skin. It was also obvious as he slowed down and got closer, that she
wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were stretching the fabric of her top to its
limit and her nipples looked to be on the verge of poking through the top as
well.

	Vlad was in civilian clothes, so the girl had no idea he was with law
enforcement. She mumbled something about her car stopping suddenly and not being
able to start it up no matter what. He escorted her to the car and took a look
for the more obvious problems such as a loose wire or something to do with the
battery. It was then that he heard a man's voice ordering him to step away from
the car and get down to the ground. Vlad muttered to himself that he was
beginning to lose his natural suspicion of things and people, and as a result
was likely to pay some kind of a penalty for being soft headed.

	The voice threatened to blow his head off if he moved. Then the guy made
his first and last mistake, bending over and reaching for Vlad's wallet located
in his back pocket. All it took was a scissor kick and a roll for him to
separate himself from his assailant. Before the startled criminal could recover,
Vlad had the pistol he always wore strapped to just above his ankle out and
pointed. All the guy had was a length of pipe, no match for a slug from Vlad's
snub-nosed 38. It was then that the teenager jumped him and the fur began to
fly. She kept him occupied long enough for her companion to hop in the car and
roar off leaving her to face a rather infuriated Vlad.

	He went into a rage and the next thing he knew she was being held off
her feet at arm's length, his hand squeezing her throat as she struggled like an
impaled butterfly. Vlad snapped out of it quickly and let her fall to the
ground, where she rolled up into a ball and began sobbing from her close brush
with death at his hands. He reached down and got a handful of her hair so he
could drag her to his truck. His mind was seething ,but he wasn't sure what to
do with this little bitch. He wasn't known at all in these parts and he began to
worry about some over eager deputy throwing down on him if the girl started
accusing him of trying to rape her or some such nonsense. This was something he
did not need at this juncture.

	Vlad's truck contained plenty of restraining items that would keep her
quiet until he could sort this one out. Within minutes he had her in a hogtie
with her neck yanked back and anchored to her bound ankles by her topknot of
hair that came through the hole in the leather hood that she now wore. She had
been effectively gagged with a dirty rag crammed into her mouth and held in
place by a piece of duct tape. To finish the job of neutralizing her for the
evening and the rest of his trip, he placed her body into a trunk and locked it
shut, warning her that if she pissed in it during her stay, he'd beat her bloody
after she sucked up every drop.

	Just before noon the following day Vlad pulled up in front of his new
headquarters and went looking for some help in processing his prisoner. He was
discussing what had happened to him yesterday with the sergeant at the front
desk when Lt. Karlson and the deputy he'd seen working over the naked man walked
by on their way to lunch. Their entrance had totally distracted the sergeant
which secretly amused Vlad. Then the man hollered over to the women and they
stopped in their tracks when they heard his words.

	"Guess who the new chief has in his truck? Can you believe he caught
Tits Malone in the act, but unfortunately her partner got away."

	Lt. Karlson practically ran up to him, her face wreathed in a smile that
threatened to crack her face. "I hope this is not joke or I'll be very pissed
off. You have Tits Malone in your truck right now? This I've got to see. That
little cunt and I have some unfinished business to take care of, and when I'm
done with that big titted bitch she'll need a new nickname; something like Bones
or the Skank formerly known as Tits." Vlad shrugged and headed for his truck
with the trio right behind him. He rolled up the back wall to reveal the trunk
containing the teen. In no time at all Lt. Karlson and her deputy had pulled the
trunk from the truck and let it slam to the ground. She leaned over and popped
the latches then opened the top and stepped back as the odor of warmed over piss
hit her nostrils.

	It was now time for the new chief to take command of the situation; the
fun was over, now down to business. He reached down and yanked the hooded teen
from the trunk. "I warned you what was going to happen if you pissed on my
property." With one hand he held her erect and then he drove his fist into her
belly, low down  where it really took out the wind out of a person. The hooded
figure sagged, but he kept her standing so he could hit her squarely in the area
of her face, now hidden behind the leather. He let the teen drop to the ground
and then he delivered two vicious kicks to her ribs, raising her body off the
ground from the force he delivered. The three police personnel stood there with
their mouths open, amazed at the fury he had just generated, then the ease with
which he just shut his anger down. The only sound came from Tits Malone, who was
puking her guts out into the confines of the leather helmet.

	Karlson reached down and got the hood off the girl before she drowned in
her own puke. "I'll be go to hell if it isn't who he said it is. Today is my
lucky day and the first of many, many weeks or perhaps months for you to wish he
had just killed you. We have so much to talk over about you and me and Violet."
To Vlad these comments meant nothing, besides he still hadn't had his prisoner
processed properly. Like all professionals he knew the importance of having a
solid paper trail to satisfy the most quizzical lawyer or judge. Vlad also was
smart enough to realize that his jurisdiction had limits; that was the reason he
had taken the risk of transporting her to this county, where she would be under
his supervision as a prisoner. This was another issue that had to be worked out
with his new boss, Judge Thompson.

	By mid afternoon Tits Malone was transferred to the Hanscomb County Jail
under the supervision of Lt. Karlson. Her paperwork showed that chief, or was it
sheriff Vlad, had made a citizen's arrest of the subject some five miles outside
of town, well within the county limits, and she was being held for trial. She
would in all likelihood be represented by a public defender unless she waived
her right to a trial. Even as Vlad checked over the paperwork, Lt. Karlson was
busy trying to convince her prisoner that the only way to go on this matter was
to plead guilty to one of many probable counts and cooperate with the
authorities on locating her accomplice. Vlad smiled to himself as he read the
words, knowing full well what was actually taking place in one of those little
rooms downstairs in the good lieutenant's jail. Karlson was taping the session
and had promised Vlad a peek at it once he was settled into his job. He also was
amused to see that there were no dates on the paperwork, allowing Karlson all
the time she'd need to change the attitude of her prisoner.

	The next day was spent unloading his possessions, making sure he had all
the utilities turned on at his new place, and returning the truck and trailer to
the rental company located about ten miles from where he was. Fortunately
station commander Dawson was able to free up some help to take Vlad from the
rental company to his headquarters so he could pick up the sheriff's car for his
use. It was very late in the day and on a whim Vlad took a walk over to the jail
in hopes of perhaps finding Lt. Karlson, so he could be brought up to date on
how things were going between her and the new prisoner. The voluptuous redhead
was in her office and delighted to see him. "I was just going to visit my newest
charge and see how she's progressing. I like to give them a day or so to get
acclimated to their surroundings. It works wonders on most prisoners. Care to
come downstairs with me and see how's she's doing?" It took a degree of self
control on the part of Vlad to prevent her from seeing just how eager he
actually was to see the teen who had tried to rob him and who knows what else.

	Tits Malone was now occupying the very same room that the emaciated
blonde had been in when he visited last. She was stark naked and there was
plenty to look at. The teenager had a set of tits that were awesome, perhaps
double Ds without so much as a hint of sag. Her pussy was shaved smooth as a
baby's bottom and looked like a coin slot. Her belly was sucked in and flat as
an ironing board. She was hanging by her tightly bound wrists from a hook
located in the ceiling. Her hands were swollen and almost purplish from the lack
of circulation. Her shoulders were straining to support not only her svelte
body, which probably went around 115 pounds, but the additional weights that
were hanging from her swollen, manacled ankles. The girl was covered by a sheen
of perspiration, her dark hair hung in strings, soaked from the sweat that was
pouring from her body.The teen's head lolled against her chest, which barely
moved as she could only manage shallow breaths due to the tremedous pressure
that was being exerted by her weighted body. Karlson pointed to a guage attached
to the viewing panel; it was reading 123 degrees F. Vlad whistled and commented
that it didn't seem anywhere near that hot outside of that room.

	Karlson laughed and answered, "You're correct, but for this one I had
the plant engineer turn on the heater and the blower to this room. I'll bet the
bitch has sweated off perhaps ten pounds since I had her hung up. I know she's
dying for some liquid to qench her thirst. Guess what she's getting tomorrow
morning?" She paused for a moment to give Vlad a thin lipped smile, before
answering her own question. "My people have been relieving themselves in a large
bucket all day and there is a goodly amount of aging urine just waiting for her
to ingest. What we can't force down her throat, we'll give to her as an enema.
It should be great fun to observe. Naturally you'll be getting a tape of the
event for your edification and amusement." Vlad was truly impressed by this
heroic sized woman who appeared to be as cruel as he. What a pair they woud make
when it came to sweating out information from prisoners.

	Afterwards Vlad's offer to buy the lieutenant a beer was politely
rejected on the grounds that she was not interested in fraternizing with other
members of the department on her free time. For a brief moment Vlad was ready to
read her the riot act and let her know he wasn't interested at the moment in
nailing her ass to the mattress, although that might have been a stretch even
now. However the chief pulled in his horns and thought to himself that there
would come a day when he had her in his sights and then he'd find out just what
made this gorgeous amazon tick. This rejection didn't prevent him from driving
over to the local watering hole and having a beer or two, keeping to himself
while noticing how the locals reacted to his presence. One of the shady ladies
who frequented the place tried to hustle him despite the fact he was in uniform.
He politely gave her the brush and had to chide himself for doing almost the
same thing that Karlson had done to him. It made him chuckle, a sign that Vlad
was beginning to mellow in his new assignment.

	The next day Vlad put some significant mileage on his police car as he
criss crossed the county meeting his people as well as some of the leading
citizens, mostly business men. The fact that he was temporarily replacing the
popular chief of police didn't seem to reflect badly on him. He also began to
notice that his people were a cut above what he had left in his previous
position, something that he appreciated more than they realized. He kept his
ears open for any comments that were offered concerning the county jailer,
Margaret, that was her first name, Karlson. To his surprise he got nothing in
the line of feedback despite on two occasions making comments that should have
evoked some type of response,either pro or con. This was a very close-mouthed
group he had inherited, or the lieutenant had powerful friends in high places to
protect her.

	When he returned to his place he started to sort out all the stuff he'd
taken with him. Back at his old job he effectively ran everything, which allowed
him the luxury of having "private" sessions with law breakers so that he could
personally convince them of the error of their ways or extract sensitive
information that made his work easier. In this operation Judge Thompson ran the
organization in compartments. As far as authority, he had very little when it
came to the treatment of those who officially entered the county jail system.
This was something he had to take into consideration the next time he or a
member of his department made a significant arrest. The more he thought about
this arrangement, the less he liked it. For all extents and purposes Lt. Karlson
was his equal, despite her rank. In point of fact she might even have more
influence with the jurist than he did. That was something that Vlad would not be
able to handle over the long haul. This led him to request a meeting with the
Judge to get this matter straightened out once and for all.

	Anita Watson answered when Vlad called the Judge's office, her voice
tickling his ear. Even before he could get in a word edge-wise, the Judge's
factotum announced that he, chief Vlad, was the first name on her list of things
to do for her boss today. Vlad bit his tongue at the reply that almost left his
lips, concerning how delighted he'd be to be first on any list she had. The next
thing he knew he was agreeing to meet with Judge Thompson in one hour. It was
only after this had been resolved, that Ms Watson finally got around to asking
why he had called. Vlad told her it was a minor matter that he could likely
discuss with the judge at their meeting. When she said she'd be looking to see
him in an hour he felt like some kind of a blushing school boy. The chief still
was unable to deal with his own private demons when it came to "nice" girls.
Karlson was already slipping into the category of ball buster, while Anita
Watson was definitely one of those unreachable beings that he had no way to
fathom.

	Vlad arrived five minutes early, and for those five minutes he stared
out of the corner of his eye  at the cool efficient way that Ms Watson ran the
office. Then the door to the Judge's office opened to let out a gentleman that
Vlad hadn't seen previously. He filed him away for future reference and then was
ushered into his meeting with the honorable Judge Henry Thompson. Vlad had just
settled into his chair when the judge began to talk to him about a problem that
had surfaced in the county involving drug manufacturing. Vlad came to attention,
this was something that he could deal with. Then as the story unfolded it became
apparent that like everything else in this county, it was not a clear case of
black or white.

	As far as Judge Thompson was concerned, the manufacture and distribution
of methamphetamine, crystal meth or meth was much akin to the moonshine business
that was still a tradition in parts of the state. It usually was done by
independents utilizing crude recipes and homemade equipment to produce the stuff
of dreams. As long as it was done out in the boondocks where the occasional
accidental explosion harmed no one except the makers, he considered it a
nuisance. However when the individual manufacturers started to branch out and
become wholesale distributers, and worse still, did not pay the county movers
and shakers their cut of the action, then it became a menace to society and Vlad
and his department were expected to stamp it out quickly and in such a manner as
to frighten the rest into going back to the old ways of making a pound or so at
a time rather than one hundred times that.

	The judge neatly summed it up by stating that he was not interested in
arrests and trials. In this case he preferred broken bones, serious accidents
that destroyed the facilities, even an occasional rape or two in the interests
of spreading terror into the hearts of what were mostly amateurs. "Nothing like
finding your little sweetie half dead from being gangbanged around the clock to
make a man consider what's important." Vlad's eyes lit up at that remark and his
reaction was not lost on the older man.

	He took this opportunity to bring up the issue of the jail and its
independence from the police force that he ran. Those pale blue eyes seemed to
twinkle as the judge smiled slightly. "There are many good reasons for dividing
power in this county. I can't spend the amount of time that it would take to
give you sufficient proof that this arrangement solves more problems than it
creates. Perhaps if it was Lt. Dawson, a peer and a man, rather than Lt.
Karlson, a rather confident and aggressive woman, we wouldn't be having this
chat. Then on the other hand, you may feel that she's having all the fun that
you used to enjoy in your former position. That issue I'm sure you two will
resolve."

	"Lt. Karlson is a protogee of mine. In fact she once was a prisoner, not
here, but when she was younger she ran afoul of the law and spent some time in
juvenile detention. When you are 15, female and built, you get a lot of
attention from all sorts of folk interested in "helping" you stay out of
trouble. At present she's playing out her aggressions on poor little Mary
Malone, who so reminds her of herself when she was that age and undegoing the
torments of the damned at the hands of the guards and those empowered to help
her. One of these days, if you play your cards right, you may get a look at
what's beneath the uniform, and I don't think you'll like what you see."

	"Take it from one who saw her when she was younger when the scars were
fresher and the memories much more difficult to forget. She paid her dues and
well beyond. I know for a fact that she has undergone three separate surgeries
in an attempt to return her breasts and vagina to something more normal. Can you
imagine the terrible damage that a loaded bamboo cane can do to a teenager's
breasts if its used on them perhaps two and three times a week for periods of up
to an hour until she was beyond pain? Can you begin to think what it must feel
like to have a heated poker inserted into your vagina as a routine method of
punishment for serious infractions, where the word "serious" is left to the
discretion of those torturing you?"

	Vlad was dumbstruck at these revelations that came from the jurist. This
did a lot toward explaining that look she had on her face while the two
prisoners, a man and a woman, were being disciplined. He remembered her comments
about the guard who handled the cane, now it became very clear what that was all
about. Considering what her tits had been through, she had possibly made some
kind of sick connection to what had happened to her when she was a kid. Then
Vlad heard his name being spoken over and over; he looked up into the bearded
face of the judge who now was smiling broadly. "Glad to see that my little talk
didn't put you completely to sleep, there's more if you are interested." Vlad
almost dislocated his neck nodding.

	"Lt Karlson fancies herself a lesbian. I have it on good authority that
she talks the talk but does not walk the walk. My source is unimpeachable.
Besides that, Margaret and I have been together quite a long time now. I was the
one who finally got her freed from that chamber of horrors. I raised her along
with my daughter. I paid for her surgeries, a very good investment, don't you
think? I'd like to say I put them out of business, but such is not the case.
It's difficult to get anything done about an organization that always comes in
at or below budget. Of course the bean counters never figure in the long term
damage that operations like this do to people who ultimately cost the state a
hell of a lot more money later on in life. Margaret is one that didn't surrender
herself easily to the Fates. By the way, in case you're speculating that my
daughter, who grew up with Margaret, is the unimpeachable source, forget it. My
source is sitting about twenty-five feet from where you're sitting."


				( To be continued )   










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Family Vlad

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite 





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 23





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad couldn't help giving Ms Anita Watson the once over as he left the office. She reciprocated in an even more exaggerated parody of his action. For one of those rare times in his life, chief Vlad felt a bit embarrassed. Then the old Vlad reared his head and in his brief fantasy, transported Anita down to his cellar where she was naked and tied tightly to his torture frame, displaying a thick, hairy bush that was dripping with suppressed lust for him. Anita was begging him to fuck her both before and after he beat the piss out of her, promising him the ass fuck of his life if he really could turn her into a straight young lady once more instead of the lesbian whore she now was. It was a happy Vlad who made his exit from the building. Then he had a brilliant idea for a peace offering to Margaret Karlson. He was sure this would break the ice and get things between them rolling.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As luck would have it, his plans had to be put on hold as the result of a little altercation that put one of his men out of action. He got a thumbnail description of what had happened along with a description of the two perpetrators and the car they were driving. Since he couldn't do much from his office or on the road in an area in which he had little knowledge of the terrain and those mysterious turnouts and detours that seemed to pop up about every mile or so, he decided to head back to his place and pick up the peace offering. Lo and behold he found the car parked in front of his place. He called it in and approached on foot, wondering where the two men were. Fortunately for him he found them before they found him. Ten minutes later, two police cars arrived to take the men away. The chief had begun to become the stuff of legends, based on what was an error in judgment. To him it did not matter, he was gaining command of his people and hopefully that big voluptuous redhead as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After finding and retrieving his little gift for the lieutenant, he headed back to his office where he was greeted by a request for paperwork since he was listed in the report as the arresting officer. He pronounced a curse on the head of whoever was dumb enough to do this to him and settled down to get this necessary evil out of the way. it dawned on him as he waded through the forms, that he was responsible for the last three people sent over to Karlson's empire; that should be worth something to the redhead. Now add to it this little token of his and things should be turning around for him rather quickly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Between the paperwork and a few other unexpected issues that required his attention immediately, it wasn't until after hours that Vlad wandered over to the Hanscomb County jail in hopes of presenting his little gift to its adminstrator, Margaret Karlson. He almost literally bumped into her as he walked down the hall to her office. She had that look on her face that indicated something bad was about to happen to one of her inmates. Dollars to doughnuts it involved the Malone girl thought Vlad, and for a change he was correct on that one count.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "I have something that might come in useful for what you do here. It worked wonders for me; take a trial spin in it and tell me what you think." Karlson brushed past him as if she hadn't heard a word he said. He stood there with egg on his face and seethed. No more Mr. Niceguy, from now on it's strictly business. He had better things to do with his time than screw around with a woman who wasn't even sure of her own sexuality.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Vlad turned on his heel and decided to see what was cooking in the big city part of the county. It would help him calm down from the rage that was still building within him. Vlad had become increasingly sensitive to his lack of control when it came to members of the fairer sex. Why did they always have this edge over him; even the ones that he beat&nbsp; to a pulp seemed in some way to be mocking him. He thought back to the 15 year-old prostitute that he had beaten to death in a blind rage only months previously; it made him nervous that this rage still existed in his personality.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He dropped in at the substation to check on any activity worth noting. It was way too early he was told. "The real action begins well past midnight, when the amateurs have been plucked and sent on their merry way, leaving only the jungle cats to prowl the dark streets in search of prey." The deputy who said that was a cadet who hoped by volunteering to get a chance at a real job some day. To Vlad he sounded like some school teacher in training, which made the pros on duty smile. Vlad put in an appearance at one of the two brothels just to show the colors of authority and make sure that the patrons were behaving themselves. The madame made a fuss over his presence and offered him a choice of the three tired looking ladies that were stationed in the waiting room ready for some action. He passed with thanks, hinting that he might be back some other time and take her up on her generous offer. Vlad did however accept a stiff drink of a very potent local beverage that had never seen a government stamp in its brief existence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having done enough socializing for the evening Vlad began the drive back to his place. Halfway there, he received a message to call in from a pay phone as soon as he could. This odd request had his hackles up; it meant whatever he'd hear was not for public consumption. Within minutes he was on a phone outside of an all night market being briefed on what had gone down at the jail. The girl he had brought in on his first day had gone into convulsions and had been transported by ambulance to a hospital that had an arrangement with the county to handle prisoners taken ill. There would be a fact finding meeting to be held in Judge Thompson's office at 8AM. Vlad remembered the look on Karlson's face as she brushed by him earlier this evening. The chief decided to do his own fact finding tonight.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He used the direct approach to gain entry into the jail and then browbeat the guard on duty into giving him the gory details of what had happened to "his" prisoner. Even as the man spilled his guts, giving the chief a fairly detailed description of what had led up to the girl's fit, which is the way he described it, Vlad knew that he was way out of his field of expertise. This was something for a cop like Norwood to handle. He had the home phone of the coroner and so he returned to his office and tried to contact the man. He was in luck.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Norwood, remember me? Yeh, Vlad, your old buddy chief Vlad, who is now up to his ass in alligators and in need of some medical advice......No, I haven't crippled or killed anyone yet; maybe tomorrow depending on what you can tell me. The problem involves a prisoner that I arrested on my first day here. She's in a bad way and I think you might be able to explain to me what happened to her. No, I haven't laid a hand on her since the arrest, but I think that the bitch running the jail did more than just pat her on the ass.... No jokes, this is serious stuff! I have to be at some kind of a fact finding meeting tomorrow morning and I want to be loaded for bear if you get what I mean."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next twenty minutes Vlad described what he'd seen going on in the jail involving other prisoners as well as what was being done to soften up Tits Malone. Norwood couldn't resist giving the chief a dig or two about some of the things that they did to Kurtz, and openly wondered why the chief even cared what happened to someone who sounded like a genuine criminal. That got Vlad embroiled in telling him about Margaret Karlson and finally Norwood burst into laughter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Chief, you are one for the books. You're there less than two days and you already have pussy problems. This Karlson bitch sounds like a super-sized version of Kurtz right down to her connection to the judge that runs the entire operation. Hell, Kurtz was only a sergeant, this one is a lieutenant! You're not sure but you think she might be straight, except she thinks she's a lesbian. Vlad you are in the wrong business. You should be writing scripts for television!" At this point Vlad seriously considered hanging up on the policeman, but somehow avoided the temptation. Then Norwood stopped breaking his balls and began telling him exactly what happened as Vlad sat there with his mouth open and listened very carefully to what he heard. After the first minute he asked Norwood to hold so he could find some paper and begin taking notes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning promptly at 8Am Vlad walked into the judge's office just as Ms. Watson announced that the judge would see them. Besides Karlson, Lt Dawson and Vlad completed the committee that met with the judge. There was no twinkle in the jurist's eyes this morning. From the beginning, things did not go well for Margaret Karlson. She had to admit that she did not personally supervise the initial interrogation of the prisoner, leaving that to one of her female deputies. Karlson could offer no explanation for the convulsions that had brought the girl close to death. The redhead walked them through the softening up process that was used on the girl, a lengthy period, almost an entire day, of hanging by her wrists with weights attached to her ankles in an overheated room. She made reference to showing the prisoner to chief Vlad while she was being dehydrated in preparation for the more rigorous interrogation that was to follow. Vlad confirmed what she said, and offered the observation that when he saw Malone she was still conscious, but in some difficulty when it came to drawing breath.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chief decided it was time to make his move, before the judge pronounced sentence on Lt. Karlson. He told the committee of his visit to the jail last night and his discussion wth the deputy on duty concerning the events that led up to the transfer of the prisoner to the hospital. At this point Karlson added that she had been told just a few minutes ago that the girl was conscious and seemed to be responding quite well to the IVs she had been receiving ever since her admission. Then she added that prisoner Malone was securely restrained, wrists and ankles manacled to the bed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The judge was not impressed. "I presume she is under armed guard and stark naked as well. After all this teenager is a hardened criminal and might easily escape from the hospital despite her weakened condition. The woman's face grew flush as the judge's remark. However in his imagination Vlad added a few more touches to the picture of Tits Malone naked and securely restrained. There he was throat fucking her after he had just finished filling up her tight cunt with a massive load of cum ,some of which was oozing from between her swollen cunt lips. Then he shook himself and went back to his little dissertation on electrolytic balance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The judge's eyebrows went up when Vlad described his phone conversation with coroner Norwood, a physician and associate at his former position. He walked everyone through the effects of acute dehyration with emphasis on the effects it had on skewing the body's normal electrolytic balance of salts. Then he mentioned that Karlson had told him the prisoner would not only be forced to consume significant amounts of urine, but also receive a large volume enema of urine as well. These procedures caused a major imbalance to occur in her salt balance, which led to the convulsions. He knew that his input had carried the day for the lieutenant. To cinch the deal he added that he had used similar techniques to make more reluctant witnesses remember certain events. Then he added that this was never done in conjunction with acute dehyration, leaving her hanging for just a few more seconds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Vlad, you've been here only a couple of days and you've already paid a huge dividend. I'd like to give you the day off, but instead I'm going to lay a little more responsibility on you for the next few days. I want you to temporarily take over the operation of the Hanscomb County jail."&nbsp; As he spoke Margaret Karlson's face grew white and her hands began to shake. The judge turned to Karlson and spoke, "Lieutenant, I want you to personally pick up the prisoner, Mary Malone, and have her back here by tomorrow morning. You will turn her over to an authorized representative of the Hanscomb County jail and then begin a two day tour of duty with the acting jailer, chief Vlad. Upon a favorable report from him concerning your ability to return to duty, you will assume command of the jail." The judge proceeded to thank the members of the committee for their time and declared the meeting to be over. He then asked Margaret&nbsp; to stay behind for a little chat. Vlad thought that listening in on that little conversation might be most interesting, if only he really knew what occurred.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No sooner had the two policemen left the office then Judge Thompson was on the intercom to his secretary and helpmate in many things beyond her office duties. "Anita, I do believe that my calendar is clear for a little more than an hour. Close the office and come assist me in correcting Margaret. I'm afraid she's gotten out of control again." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even as he was speaking, the cause for this morning's early meeting was undressing, revealing a firm set of breasts that had that waxy look that could only come from cosmetic surgery. Regardless, they were most impressive in size and shape, a tribute to the surgeon who'd performed the operation. The judge remembered their negotiations, five thousand and access to her body for a weekend. He had taken full advantage of his access according to Margaret who had been used not only by him, but half a dozen of his closest friends repeatedly and in every hole she possessed. It had been worth it to finally get rid of those ugly mementos of her years in juvenile homes and other institutions.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He looked over to her and smiled as she rolled down her bikini panties, the one with the emblem of a cat on the crotch. He remembered buying them for her as a gag gift a few weeks ago. The significance of her choosing to wear them at this very critical meeting for her career escaped the judge for the moment. Then he smiled again, realizing that Anita would beat it out of her or perhaps even use her strap-on to convince Margaret to give up her little secret to them both. He was looking forward to a most entertaining session. It had been some time since the three of them came together in this type of meeting. He thought further of this situation and wondered how his demi-lesbian, former ward might react to a session that included chief Vlad. Now that would be something worth considering.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Margaret's cunt was another miracle of modern cosmetic surgery. By the time the girl was 18, her fuck tunnel was so loose from the constant rapings she had suffered over the last five years, that it just gaped wihout any penetration whatsoever. Worse still was the terrible mutilations it had endured, especially by the female guards who seemed to get a particular satisfaction over the fact that they were totally ruining the teenager's most precious physical possession and the badge of her femininity. It was eight years before the necessary technology existed to do such miraculous things as rejuvenate a vagina so that it was fresh and firm once more. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Margaret's labia both major and minor were completely rebuilt and most of the scar tissue around the mouth of her cunt from the hundreds of cigarette burns, acid rubs, needle torture and pliers that were sometimes heated to enhance the agony for their victim. The judge licked his lips at the sight of that coin slot cunt, remembering when it took an effort of the will to look at the damage that had been done to that area of her body. It had been many years since he had the pleasure of enjoying that tight pussy and firm tits, but that was an acceptable price to pay for all the power that he had accrued over the years. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His reverie was interrupted by the arrival of Anita Watson, who quickly disrobed to display her well proportioned body. He and his factotum still had an occasional rendezvous for old times sake, even though she had begun&nbsp; to drift into darker areas that he chose not to enter. She seemed capable of balancing herself despite being surrounded by all manner of deviations from the norm. It was Anita who casually told him one evening that Margaret did not have the courage to become a dedicated lesbian. Anita did also mention that she and Margaret had shared a bed on numerous occasions, and most had proven to be quite satisfying. However at best, Margaret's path would never settle on one direction; she would always be dangling between the two different worlds that vied for her allegiance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know the drill by now. Put your hands behind your back and let Anita use your cuffs on you."&nbsp; The judge watched as Anita, wearing only a pair of panties, restrained the tall redhead before slapping her scarred butt to make Karlson put her head and shoulders down onto the edge of the judge's desk. He grimaced as his eyes focused on the twin X-marks that had been repeatedly burned into her buttocks by one particularly sadistic female guard who decided to teach Margaret a lesson after she had refused her advances. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every two weeks the teenager was dragged into the small concrete room where the guard waited with the branding iron heating in a bed of glowing coals. Then first one cheek would be burned until the stench of blistered skin and cooking flesh made those in the room almost ill.The guard loved to hear Margaret scream until her voice cracked. Then she'd laugh and remind the girl that she had brought this torment on herself. Then once again the newly heated iron would be used on the other ass cheek with the same terrible result. After a couple of months the branded flesh began to suppurate, and the guard's little exercise in sadism had to be discontinued. Judge Thompson made a mental note to check with the plastic surgeon to see if his rate was still the same.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anita opened a cabinet revealing a collection of whips,straps and other implements that were often used to discipline Margaret for various infractions of the judge's rules. She looked towards him for direction and he pointed to a quirt at the end of the top row . "Give her ten across the ass, and five apiece across the backs of her legs. Make it slow, we've got plenty of time." The redhead gasped as the first of ten cut into her firm ass flesh, neatly bisecting the brand. After giving her five, Anita switched to the backs of her legs, starting at the hollows behind her knees and working up to that senstive region just below the juncture between her upper thighs and buttocks. Then she finished this part of the beating with five vicious strokes across the redhead's cheeks, now covered from top to bottom by harsh scarlet welts that had blossomed in&nbsp; the flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"As usual a very nice job my dear. I trust that Margaret appreciates your talents and devotion to her needs,....all of them. Now how about adding a little color to her front side. Use the loaded truncheon this time, it's been gathering dust for too long. Let's see how those surgically enhanced breasts handle it. Give each one five of your best and no holding back or you'll be trading places with my ward."&nbsp; Anita gave him a thin lipped smile and made the exchange while the tall redhead turned and bent back over the desk, so that her shoulders supported her arched body, presenting those waxy orbs for the kiss of the leather covered hose. There was a hiss as the club slammed into her left breast, flattening it and bringing a grunt from the woman. The judge crooned at the sound of her pain. Anita wasted no time pounding the other breast as well. She beat Margaret's breasts with precise, almost machine like blows until those beauties had absorbed ten hits. There were tears running down the jailer's cheeks by now, a sight that Judge Thompson never ceased to enjoy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now for the grand finale, five of your very best right between those thin cunt lips, and take your time, let our prisoner get the full effect of each blow." This time tears turned into sobbing as the cruel blows split the tender entrance to Margaret's cunt. The last one was a massive hit that brought a stiffled scream from the woman as her entire body shuddered sympathetically from the pain radiating from her cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Now get dressed, clean yourself up and retrieve your prisoner from the hospital. You should be back here before dark. Remember that tomorrow you will report to chief Vlad to learn some more tricks of the trade. Who knows you may even get a chance to hang naked from your wrists in that heated room while the chief gives you some first hand lessons in the proper way to interrogate a recalcitrant prisoner without putting her into the hospital." The red haired jailer's face went white at his words, while Anita was hard pressed to keep a straight face at the distress that his words caused Margaret Karlson.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; The Family Vlad

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 24-revised



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lieutenant Karlson, now Vlad's subordinate for a few days, left to pick up the prisoner less than an hour after being chastised in the judge's chambers. It had been some time since she had taken the kind of whipping she received today, but in retrospect, she had let her pride blind her to her responsibilities,and so she had paid the price for her miscalculation. Despite the dark cloud that hovered over her head, she still harbored nothing but loathing for the prisoner, Mary Malone. She was determined that the bitch would pay, and pay dearly for the trouble she had brought down on Karlson's head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For now she had to do what this temporary replacement decreed, so be it. It would only be a matter of days before she was restored to her former position unless she screwed up big time. That was not going to happen, even if she had to cozy up to this harsh, martinet for a time. He was strictly temporary, that was no secret. She might have to give a little over the months that he sits in the chief's office, but there would come a time when he would depart and things would return to normal for her. Buoyed by her self analysis of the situation, she was in fine fettle when she arrived at the hospital to pick up the prisoner. Malone looked none the worse for wear, which immediately made Karlson seethe inside.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The staff handling the transfer of the prisoner to the tall redhead were amused at the instructions they'd been given by the woman police officer. The two orderlies stripped the patient to the skin and took advantage of the situation to cop a few feels of her awesome tits. They held the struggling teen as Karlson snapped a pair of cuffs on her to hold her hands behind her back, then hobbled her with a short chain joining her ankles. They grinned when she pulled the leather hood over Malone's head and tightened it around her neck. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At her request, the prisoner had been catheterized, a painful process that Karlson wished she had been there to witness. One of the orderlies using the excuse that he needed to check the tube running from her bladder took the opportunity to jam three fingers up into the teenager's cunt and wiggled them around as she struggled futilely to escape this invasion of her private parts. All Karlson did was give him a thin lipped smile and observe that if there was more time available she wouldn't mind letting him and his buddy do more than just check out her goodies. That brought a laugh from them followed by a slap on the teen's firm, round ass. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then one of the orderlies made an interesting suggestion that brought a big smile from the police woman. He knew a litttle known road that would cut nearly an hour off her return trip. It was on the rough side, but easily handled by her police car. In exchange for this little tip it would be only fair that he and his buddy be given a little time to say good bye properly to their star patient. They even agreed to letting her watch the action, and even join in if she got the itch. Karlson declined their latter offer, but assured them that she would be observing the way they treated her prisoner very closely.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tits Malone was dragged down a corridor to a small examining room. For the better part of an hour the orderlies had a field day, doing their best at the police woman's urging to impregnate the patient. Once Karlson decided that they'd done their best at that task, they shifted their attention to her tight asshole. They used her big tits to reharden their tools, tunneling between those melons at a furious rate. First one and then the other took a turn jackhammering her puckered poop chute until it gaped wide like an angry eye. During her raping the leather hood remained locked around Malone's neck, preventing her from being able to accurately identify her assailants. By the time they finished pumping their final loads of hot cum deep into her asshole, she was a mess.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hospital rules required that the prisoner be removed from the facility in a wheel chair. From then on she was at the mercy of the police woman, who took full advantage of the situation. She forced the freshly raped teenager into the back seat of the police car and made sure the doors on either side were locked. After driving for twenty minutes or so, she parked off the road and dragged her prisoner from the back of the car. She had taken great pains to rearrange the trunk of the vehicle to accommodate her arch enemy. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jutting up from the floor was a fourteen inch metal post with a diameter of almost three inches shaped much like a phallus. It took some doing but she managed to force Malone down on the cylinder until most of it was buried in her asshole. She bent the girl forward so that she could attach a short chain to the ring on the top of her hood and anchor it to another ring located in the floor of the vehicle. A short length of chain completed this bondage by attaching her hobbled ankles to still another ring she had installed in the trunk compartment. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just before she buttoned up Malone inside her custom made traveling container, she took a good look at her situation and was most pleased. The prisoner was jackknifed and seated on the metal post that was now stretching her asshole to dimensions she had never realized could be achieved without splitting open her sphincter muscle. Karlson could even see the first traces of cum beginning to run down the metal column buried in the teen's asshole. Her straining body was firmly attached to the trunk's floor, giving her extremely little room for any kind of maneuvering as the police car bounced and made sharp turns on its way back to the Hanscomb county detention facility as Karlson liked to call her prison. It was then that the police woman realized she hadn't made sure that the prisoner had been properly dosed with the diuretic they were supposed to have given her an hour before she was to be transferred. She shrugged her shoulders at this oversight on her part and decided that it really didn't matter since there was no way that Malone was emptying her bladder under any condition until that catheter was removed by her personally.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was to be an extremely rough and most painful trip for Mary (Tits) Malone; Karlson was going to make sure of that. On her drive out to the hospital the tall redhead had checked out some side roads that would suit her purposes very nicely. This coupled with the rutted gravel road that saved her nearly an hour and must have caused her passenger to feel as if she were riding a razor blade, made for a most entertaining and enjoyable trip. Three times she took one of these two lane, rutted detours dotted with pot holes, and bounced and rolled from side to side as the police car made its way over miles of this terrain, her passenger no doubt enjoying the wild ride as her asshole was forced up and down the steel rod with every bounce. On&nbsp; those special occasions when the car hit a pothole and bottomed out, Malone must have wished she were back in the interrogation cell hanging by her wrists and sweating like a pig with her belly filled to its limit with some stale piss that she had been forced to drink.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the half way point in her journey Karlson pulled the car off the road and checked on her passenger. Popping the trunk she stepped back as a blast of hot air rushed from the confined space. Her prisoner was still firmly attached to the steel post, and showed no evidence tat she was still conscious. Karlson reached in and pinched one of those large, melon shaped tits that had given the teen her nickname. The hooded figure made a muffled sound and her body stiffened. Satisfied that no harm had yet come to the prisoner, Karlson leaned into the trunk and pressed her finger tips against the girl's bladder and chortled at the reaction this caused. There was no doubt that she had been given the diuretic as well as at least a quart of water before being turned over to her. Karlson could not resist cuffing the hooded prisoner across the head and letting her know that she still had a long way to go before she'd be back in her nice hot cell where Karlson would pay her a visit as soon as she took a nice cold shower, ate and cleaned up some.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last detour had been a brutal stretch of gravel that barely qualified as a road. She had taken it at nearly twice the posted limit of 20 mph, and when the car wasn't fishtailing from side to side, her head was nearly touching the roof as the car encountered small boulders and deep ruts. Karlson was totally exhilarated and wondered how her arch enemy was enjoying the wild ride.&nbsp; If this didn't tear her a new asshole, nothing would. She could hardly wait to get her prisoner off that steel spike and see how much her asshole gaped as she marched her back to jail. To bad it would be dark by then and probably no one would be around to observe Malone's complete humiliation at her hands.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lt. Karlson was correct about it being dark when she pulled into the rear of the jail to begin tansferring the teenager to the facility for booking and all the other red tape required to make sure that she was once more under the jurisdiction of the Hanscomb county detention facility. However she had not counted on the presence of her new supervisor, acting chief Vlad. The police woman was in the process of removing her exhausted and semi-conscious prisoner from the inferno of the trunk when she felt, rather than heard his arrival. There was something very eerie about this tactiturn loner who didn't seem to be affected by any situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's a strange place for a prisoner, isn't it Lt.Karlson? Let me see what we've got here."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was something about his words and the way he said them that made the police woman nervous, very nervous. She decided that the best response to him was to try and ignore his existence. That proved to be a big mistake. One second she was leaning into the trunk in an attempt to extricate her prisoner from the steel rod still buried deep inside her asshole, and the next she was stumbling, trying to hold her balance from the way he had grabbed her by the shoulder and yanked her away from the trunk lid. Then she made a very bad mistake, reaching for her revolver without thinking. It was half way out of her holster when he kicked the redhead squarely in the crotch and she fell to her knees retching from the force of his blow. The next thing she knew his weapon was pushing past her lips and she wet herself when she heard it being cocked.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Lieutenant Karlson you amaze me. First you nearly kill Mary Malone and with my help you get a second chance. It looks like you screwed this one up as well. I know you and judge Thompson are somehow connected, but drawing your weapon on me was about the worst thing you could have done. You and me will have to discuss this matter in my office tomorrow morning, at eight sharp. Now I want you to give me your keys and hand over your weapon, butt first, so I can get your prisoner from the car and into my jail without worrying that you may do something stupid and force me to kill you. You go home and thank your maker that I'm not a vengeful man."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time Vlad got the teen off the metal rod that had turned into a spike about half way through her wild ride, his feelings toward the good lieutenant had turned ugly. Mary Malone was in considerable pain and the rod was coated with blood once he pried her distended asshole from it. She was comatose, which helped in her extrication, but was a source of concern. Getting her into the jail was no easy task; she was dead weight, and there was no one around at this hour. It would be another hour or so before the night shift person arrived. Vlad made a call to the local doctor who covered the jail inmates for the county. He was less than thrilled about having to come over and check on a prisoner, but Vlad gave him no choice in the matter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was nearly midnight before Mary Malone had been examined and treated by the grumbling physician. Her sphincter had some slight tearing in a number of places, but a few stitches took care of that as a problem. Smelling salts brought her around after the suturing, and once the doctor yanked the catheter from her urethra so she could relieve herself of the ocean of urine backed up in her bladder, she eagerly gulped down nearly a quart of water to quench the thirst that had been building since she left the hospital. Vlad turned her over to the night duty officer, giving him his phone number in case the prisoner had a relapse, then took off for home, such as it was these days. For a brief moment he toyed with the idea of going over to Karlson's place and beating the hell out of her, but he reluctantly tabled this idea for another time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Had the chief given into his anger he would have discovered a wide awake, former jailer of the county detention facility. If he had peeked into her window before knocking, he would have been amused but certainly not astonished to observe the redhead, now stark naked, diligently applying a wheel type vibrator to her dripping cunt. He might have been impressed by her rebuilt breasts and certainly would have noticed how stiff and full her nipples were. Who knows, he might have jumped her bones in lieu of giving her a sound thrashing? Then again he might have given her a sound thrashing prior to tearing off a piece of ass, and another even worse beating once he got his rocks off, and could concentrate his fury properly. The chief was capable of almost anything when he was in one of his dark moods.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Instead Margaret Karlson got herself off more than a few times and then escaped into a fitful sleep. To quote Shakespeare, "to sleep, perchance to dream"; the former inmate of one of the worst juvenile facilities in the state did that in spades. How had this happened? She was back in juvenile. Worse still, they had her in the quiet room; so called because it was sound proofed to prevent those outside from hearing the screams and begging of the unfortunates sent to this slaughter house. This was not her first trip to this combination meat grinder and locker. That bitch, officer Malone, the one with the big tits, had it in for her. Karlson's shoulders were hurting, no surprise considering that there was roughly fifty pounds of iron hanging from her ankles. She shivered from the coolness, her lack of clothing and the anticipation of what torments officer Malone had in store for her this time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Malone always enjoyed fondling her breasts and seeing how deep she could thrust her hand into her arch enemy's cunt. For some odd reason Karlson always was dripping when this happened. Malone would smirk and tell her she had her chance, and there would be no relief for her sodden gash as long as she was an inmate of this facility. She arched her back as if to present her cunt to the dark haired demoness, but only succeeded in making her naked body rotate slowly as the ropes that were wrapped around her wrists and attached to the hook from which she hung ate into her flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Time to burn that bellyof yours. It's certainly getting big. Your belly button looks like it's ready to pop, just like the timer they use to let you know the turkey is ready for eating. Now hold still and don't make me angry or I'll burn those meat flaps you call cunt lips as well."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knew that begging and promising the guard any and everything she could possibly imagine would have no effect on her. It would be the same, that thin lipped smile, the eyes growing wide, a trace of spittle on her sensual lips and the smell of charring skin and flesh as the hot iron seemed to melt away another small portion of her bulging belly. Despite this, she began to beg and plead and swear and blubber and promise and offer and sob and scream and scream and scream as Malone pressed the glowing metal into her bare belly, quickly stepping back when the prisoner lost control of her bladder and a stream of urine made a yellow arc before splattering onto the dirt floor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The door to the quiet room opened and in he strode, the head of the facility. It was a hulking Vlad,&nbsp; his visage looking as if it had been carved from stone. His smile was that of a death's head. Malone deferred to him, stepping away and placing the glowing rod into the small brazier that stood in one corner of the room. A wave of his arm was enough to make Malone leave the room, casting a look back to give her a knowing smile for she knew what was to come. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad wasted no time in formalities; they both knew his reason for being here at this time. He took a few steps until he was inches from her shaking body. His hands cupped her buttocks and even with fifty pounds of metal adding to her weight, he lifted her body upwards without any sign of strain. She had been so fascinated by his approach that she didn't even see him unzip to release what looked to be a python from his breeches. His entry was brutal as always, his huge appendage compressing her cunt lips into a thin line before entering her like a freight train. He burrowed to her limit, the head of his organ pounding against the entrance to her uterus with its half formed cargo floating silently in the amniotic fluid. She closed her eyes and forgot about the pain of the latest brand; this is what she lived for and she was terrified that soon he would no longer seek her out in spite of their creation that continued to grow within her. Margaret Karlson awoke shrieking&nbsp; and howling like a banshee. She was too frightened to return to sleep and sat in the darkness until first light. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Family Vlad &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 25



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once he arrived home, Vlad decided to talk to the judge concerning the latest incident involving Karlson and the prisoner Mary Malone. The judge hit the ceiling and empowered Vlad to do as he saw fit to discipline his officer for this egregious breach of conduct. The chief waited until the jurist recovered his dignity before telling him in great detail what his intentions toward the woman officer would be. In truth Vlad was most offended by the fact that she attempted to draw her weapon on him, her superior. There was no way that would ever be tolerated, and he wanted her to understand that in no uncertain terms. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the judge gave him carte blanche to do as he saw fit for as long as it took, Vlad mentally began to lick his chops. He could not prevent the grin that crossed his stern face as he planned for what was to happen to that tall, imperious redhead beginning the next morning. This would be like Kurtz all over again, but this time he knew where this one's buttons were, and he intended to push them all. That night he slept soundly and when he awoke, eager for the business of the day to start, he was totally refreshed, unlike his soon to be prisoner.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Exactly five minutes before his scheduled meeting Vlad arrived and there sat a rather bedraggled looking Lieutenant Margaret Karlson, the former administrator of the county jail, awaiting her fate. Their meeting was rather one-sided, Vlad talked and Karlson listened, her face growing pale as she heard her fate and realized that she was neatly mouse-trapped by this cold-blooded, brooding man. This evening, just before the shift change, she was to present herself for processing as a prisoner, strictly unofficial of course. The only persons privy to this information would be Vlad, the judge and herself. She would be placed in solitary confinement and only the acting chief would have access to her cell. Her term of confinement was to be open ended, determined by her attitude. All punishment, and there would be a great deal, was to be meted out only by acting chief Vlad.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That night Vlad sent the first shift home early, saying he needed to be around anyway. A few minutes after they departed, the lieutenant showed up in civilian clothing, giving the chief a surprise. He quickly escorted her to the cell he had prepared. She quickly noted the hook that had been just screwed into the ceiling over the drain located in the cement floor. Her eyes traveled over the rattan cane, crop, and rubber truncheon mounted to one wall. She shut her eyes quickly once she saw the large enema bag dangling by the water tap jutting from one of the walls. Finally there was a wooden frame standing off to one of the side walls. She shuddered at what might happen to her body while she was tied tightly in place, vulnerable to almost anything that he might be planning for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She quickly stripped down when he ordered her to prepare for a full cavity body search before being issued a prison uniform. Karlson bridled for a brief moment when he announced that she would be photographed in the nude, face forward, rear and to the side. His face almost lost its coldness when he saw her reaction to this order. Vlad was all male and the sight of her naked body did make an impression. He couldn't help but compare her to the almost mannish body that the dark haired sergeant Kurtz revealed once he had her naked and securely tied to the frame in his basement. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a few good looks before Vlad was sure that her breasts were not natural, but the product of a good plastic sugeon. It took a matter of a second for him to be almost repelled by the twin brands that were etched deeply into the flesh of her curving butt cheeks. Although cruel and uncaring with the instincts of a sadist, the temporary chief was angered, for reasons he did not yet understand, that this confused young woman had to carry around these marks made at a time when she was but a teenager, like that fifteen year-old upon which he had taken his vengeance simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. The chief's keen eyes picked up the faint signs of the beating the lieutenant had been given by Anita. Whoever had done the job was quite adept at using the whip and what might have been a rubber hose. Was it punishment or recreation he mused, not daring to provide a guess until he had more information to go on.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The photography session went well and then the fun truly began. The tall redhead had to bend over and spread her cheeks wide so that Vlad, wearing a latex glove, could investigate her anal passage to check for any hidden contraband. She grunted and yelped as he probed her carefully, being careful not to touch her private parts while he was so occupied. He pulled his finger from her rectum with a loud pop and then went right back inside, only a little deeper this time and his finger moved from side to side bringing more grunts and strangled curses from his prisoner. Finally satisfied that she was clean as far as her anal passage was concerned, he now turned to her cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This&nbsp; time he had her spread her legs wide apart until they trembled from the strain on the tendons of her thighs. She was as bald as a cue ball down below and to call further attention to that thin-lipped coin slot, it was rouged&nbsp; to enhance its angry coloration.&nbsp; Now he wore gloves on both hands and she heaved a sigh at what was about to occur to her body. She had witnessed enough cavity searches of the female prisoners to know that this one would be totally invasive and probably made as painful as possible. Chief Vlad did not disappoint her in this matter. With one hand he parted her cunt lips, then used the other to enter her pussy and begin the slow examination of every square inch of her tunnel of fun as he described it. First one finger, then two and finally three rubbing up and down the length of her tight tube of flesh. Vlad smiled coldly as he felt her wetness grow with each movement of his probing fingers. He kept up the pace and she started to pant and her legs trembled from the strain of holding them in this position and the growing excitement that was being generated within by this invasion of her most intimate area. Abruptly Vlad brought this portion of her cavity search to an end. Her cunt also showed signs of having been enhanced by the knife, perhaps the same surgeon who had done her tits. However it was a functional cunt, capable of showing sexual excitement, which made Vlad very happy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chief was not done yet. Karlson was forced to stand erect with her arms held outstretched from her sides. He approached and picked up each heavy melon by the nipple so that he could see if anything had been taped to the undersides of those surgically enhanced tits. He couldn't fail to notice that her nipples were&nbsp; stiff and felt as if they could cut glass. He chalked that up to his manly approach and her submissive nature, then laughed to himself at his own joke. This one was going to be every bit as tough as Kurtz. The thought of all the things that bitter ball of flesh endured brought back memories and even those feelings that ran through him on occasion when he considered taking her as his sex slave, in much the same way as his wife Vicky began their relationship. He chastised himself for still reacting to the past, and tried to regain his focus on the present and this woman. All that remained was her hair and he handled that portion of the search in a perfunctory manner, sure that she was not capable of that much stupidity now that she knew he had her cornered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a few brief moments the redhead balked at allowing Vlad to tie her to the frame. The thought of being totally naked and vulnerable, open to anything this nasty policeman could dream up to do to her, brought back those old memories of hanging like a piece of meat in the locker, waiting to be tortured by the guards. To her surprise he gave her some time to compose herself before he began binding her wrists and ankles to the corners of the frame. The dimensions of the holding fixture were such that she was in a squat, her legs forced wide open and then held in this obscene pose by ropes that anchored her knees to the sides of the frame. She couldn't prevent shivering from anticipation of what was about to be done to her body. She was able to see the cane and other implements that no doubt had been used by Vlad on other unfortunates who had fallen into his web.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was behind her, which made her even more uncomfortable. What initial torment was he thinking about for her? How soon would her body jerk against the cruel ropes that were already cutting off the circulation to her arms and legs? For the briefest of moments she surrendered to panic and flung herself against the bonds holding her fast to the crude frame. His chilling laugh brought her back to reality and she chided herself for giving into fear. Considering what she had endured for years in the juvenile facility, not to mention the disciplining she received from the judge, what more could this evil person do to her? 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her reverie was interrupted by his reappearance, holding a strange looking glass bowl in his hand. It was opaque with a collar that looked similar to what a deep sea diver used to make his helmet air tight. There was an umbilical connected to the top of the globe with its other end running to a small metal box perhaps two feet on a side that was neatly tucked into the corner of the room. Vlad leaned forward until his face was inches from Karlson and said in a low voice dripping with menace that this was the little machine he wanted her to try out on one of her prisoners. Now instead she would become the test subject. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was helpless to prevent him from taping her eyes open, then placing the helmet over her head and tightening the collar. For a time the darkness and a feeling of claustrophobia ruled her common sense. Once she realized she had plenty of air to breathe she calmed down and waited for the next move by Vlad. She was effectively deaf to the outside world, a strange feeling of loneliness began to creep into her consciousness. Karlson was totally unprepared for the first blast of sound, coupled with the flashing strobe light. She had been in a few dance clubs with Anita and so this was not that foreign to her senses.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The strobe pattern became random and the intensity of the light waxed and waned in no predictable&nbsp; manner. Then the noise grew in intensity and suddenly she was overwhelmed with the shrieking of some creature of the night soon joined by other voices, some human others animal, that created a cacophony within the confines of the helmet. The policewoman fought to regain her equilibrium, not daring to give into the riot of sight and sound that threatened to turn her into some mindless drone. Abruptly everything stopped and she was once more sheltered by darkness and quiet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her nostrils picked up a faint scent that grew with time. At first it was sweetish, but then there were overtones of something decaying. The smell began to irritate her nasal passages, then spread to her throat and finally her lungs. Her respiration started to increase making the smell even more invasive. She was so taken by dealing with the now sickly odor that she was totally unprepared for the next visual and aural assault that was unleashed into the helmet. Now the noise was so loud and discordant that she felt as if it were beating her face. The bursts of light were so fast and powerful that all she could detect was waves of shimmering white shapes that her brain could not interprete properly. The smell seemed to be fighting with the light and sound for supremecy over her mind; Karlson was on the verge of giving in to the harsh battle that raged all around her. Once again it ended as quickly as it began, the air was fresh, darkness reigned and the silence was such that she could hear the rushing of her blood through her ear drums.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To the prisoner it may have seemed like hours since the bombardment of her senses had begun, but it was actually only a few minutes. Vlad had stood beside her and watched her tits rise and fall in various patterns indicating that the inputs were reaching her as programmed. He remembered what Kurtz looked like after an entire evening in the helmet; it was a state of shock that challenged Norwood's expertise as a physician in order to&nbsp; bring her back so she could be tortured further. Those recollections started to arouse Vlad's deepest secrets into life. If only she hadn't been so full of hate and determined to overcome him in what both knew to be an unequal struggle. Had she surrendered herself to his not so tender mercies they would be happy today as he devised even more diabolical methods of breaking what was let of her will, so she could become his second wife in spirit as well as body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dredging up old history made Vlad sexually excited, but he resisted the temptation to take this haughty woman where she hung, her cunt open for his cock, perhaps even her tight asshole that would yield to his pounding sooner or later. Instead he sampled the merchandise in little tastes, sucking one of her nipples into his mouth and teasing it with his teeth as she struggled to escape him. His hand once more parted her cunt lips and he slipped three fingers into that tight, rejuvenated cunt and enjoyed the feeling of that tube of flesh wrapping around his fingers, tinged with just a hint of moisture. He wondered how long it would take for his fingers to bring her to a climax; better yet just to the verge of a fantastic orgasm and then have it dashed as his thumb and forefinger crushed her erect clit until her cunt was a desert once more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chief almost lost it when he cupped her firm round ass cheeks and hefted them, delighted in the solid feeling of that branded flesh. When he ran his fingertips over those two X marks centered carefully on each firm cheek his erection almost overcame his mind. He would have loved to be there watching those cheeks smoke as the perspiration was flashed off the charring skin and the glowing branding iron began melting away the first layer of flesh as she screamed until her voice cracked. To add to his slavering imagination were the faint residual marks left behind by the crop that had scored her flesh less than two days ago. He resolved that tomorrow when he had the time and his faculties were under his total command, she would taste the rattan as it slashed a checkerboard pattern into those branded cheeks. For now he had to get his rest and make certain that his prisoner would not suffer the same fate as the girl, Mary Malone. Before getting up, he gave Karlson's ass a couple of heavy-handed slaps that sounded like pistol shots as they echoed off the concrete walls of the cell.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad reprogrammed the instrument so that there were lengthy but random periods of silence before she was assaulted by the full spectrum of sensory stimulations that the machine could and would deliver. Finally he set the last attack to take place early tomorrow morning when he would be in attendance. This blitzkrieg would feature a noxious gas intended to induce vomiting. It was used by many police forces in this country as well as overseas for crowd control. Vlad knew that if Karlson was left unattended for more than five minutes afterward, she was probably nothing but a well-built, good-looking corpse, something he was not interested&nbsp; in having to explain to the judge. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He decided to wait until the next barrage sent her blood pressure&nbsp; skyrocketing. He smiled coldly as her chest heaved and that enhanced body strained against the ropes holding her to the frame. Karlson was being treated to the sound of rats scurrying across a wooden floor as they squeaked, the amplified sounds raising the hair on the back of the police woman's neck. Then this was overwhelmed by a chorus of insane voices chanting the most horrible ranting she had ever&nbsp; heard. She began to believe that perhaps there was a private hell on earth for her and the thought drove her nearly mad. By morning she would be in such a state that the appearance of Vlad would instill some very uncommon feelings in her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To add to her misery the policeman turned the air conditioning on to high and left it to run the entire night. He knew by morning she would be so cold and frightend that she might just do anything his perverted mind might think of her to do. The first blast of cold air played across her naked body and he watched as her nipples hardened and goose flesh formed on the insides of her obscenely spread thighs. He would sleep very well tonight knowing that Karlson would be getting her just desserts for her unprofessional behavior toward him yesterday.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued- lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Family Vlad - Chapter 26



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bright and early the next morning the chief entered the jail and headed downstairs to the special cell that contained his prisoner. There was a peephole that could only be used if one had the key. Once it opened, a cruel smile broke over his face as he watched the tall redhead's naked body react to the latest assault from the helmet. She still struggled, but it was apparent that the long sleepless evening and morning had taken its toll. He checked the thermometer and nodded with satisfaction, forty-nine degrees, as advertised. Vlad waited patiently until the machine went through its routine and the woman calmed down. It was then that he entered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was worn down physically and obviously her mind had been scrambled as well. He approached to a distance where he could reach out and touch his victim. She was still oblivious to his presence, so he introduced himself. He landed a roundhouse punch to her left breast, flattening the enhanced gourd of flesh and silicone. Before she could react, his other fist did the same to her right tit. Her entire body lunged against the ropes in a blind response to the terrible pain he had just caused in those big tits. He patted her shoulder almost as if comforting her, then found the nerve he sought and pinched it viciously, creating another frantic reaction on her part as the pain flashed down her side, briefly paralyzing half her body from shoulder to groin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad stepped back and waited for the program to kick in for the grand finale. It came right on time and Lieutenant Karlson danced in agony and terrible fear as her ears and eyes were bombarded with roars, hisses, curses, screaming, grinding and a wall of shimmering white noise that deafened her as along with this the strobe light flashed randomly, its intensity rising and falling with each burst of light energy. He licked his lips and watched her body lunge again and again in a mad attempt to free herself from the odor that now filled the helmet. He could see her chest convulse, the first good sign that she was inhaling the vomiting gas. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now her lunges were timed to the spasms that made her vomit uncontrollably, filling the helmet with her acrid upheavals and instilling the terrible fear that she might drown in her own vomit. Vlad was in ecstasy, fantasizing that he had his cock buried to the hilt in her spasmodic asshole, feeling her tough sphincter muscle doing a dance of death around his erupting cock as she shivered and died in agony. He wasn't sure just how long he was in the grip of that particular madness, but it was apparent that Karlson was on the verge of cashing in her chips. He quickly uncoupled the helmet from the umbilical and opened the hatch that sealed her inside, isolating her from the world as she knew it.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The stench of her vomit plus the residual traces of the gas made him throw his head back to avoid breathing it. Karlson's face was dead white, her lips a strange purple color and her eyes stared blankly at him, not seeing or reacting to his presence. She had had the course and passed, much to his delight. That meant perhaps she might take a refresher course before she was released from his custody. For now he had a very busy day ahead of him and so he busied himself in removing her clammy, naked body from the frame. It was then that he discovered she had lost control of her bladder a number of times during that long session. It reminded him to make sure he didn't go overboard and risk dehydrating his prisoner. That might have been poetic justice, but he was certain the judge would not be amused.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His captive made no serious attempts to resist him as he strung her up by her wrists, her naked body hanging over the drain to take care of any other "accidents"&nbsp; that might happen today while he was away on business. To make her day as uncomfortable as possible he added twenty pounds of metal to her bound ankles, stretching her body and adding more strain to her shoulders that now were taking her weight. Just before gagging her, he gave Karlson as much water as she wanted. Finally he turned on the heat and the blowers so she had to contend with temperatures approaching one hundred and ten for most of the day. He could not resist tweaking her nipples and patting her cunt mouth as she glowered down at him. With a slap on her rump he made his exit, suggesting strongly that she think about all the things that she'd done wrong in the past two days. Her eyes shot daggers at his back as Vlad left.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a closely held secret that today marked the opening of Operation Scorched Earth. As per the judge's instructions, Vlad was about to launch a preemptive strike against the meth makers in the county.There would be no arrests, but plenty of damage was going to be done to both the makers and their equipment. Vlad was well aware that this was just a calling card of sorts, that much more force would be required to send these jackals moving to another venue. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before leading his men out into the field, he stopped by the judge's office to let Anita know that Karlson was safely ensconced in her own private cell, and in the event that Vlad did not check in with her by darkness, she was empowered to have Lt. Dawson move the prisoner to another specially secured cell that could not be entered by anyone but Vlad and himself. The judge's factotum smirked and inquired if he'd had a chance to rape her yet. She got a cold stare that made her back off quickly. There was something about this new man that made her a bit nervous despite the protective cloak of Judge Thompson.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two squad cars assisted the chief as three hits were made before noon. In all cases the guys making the stuff had no identification and did not speak a word of English. However in one bust the guys had brought along some female companionship to help with the manufacture as well as provide all the pussy and ass that those two stalwarts needed to get them through the day. The women looked liked sisters, appeared to be in their late twenties and had been literally caught with their panties down, along with almost every other article of clothing that they had. So while Vlad and one trooper trashed the equipment for openers, the others took this opportunity to introduce themselves to the women. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the still operators foolishly made an attempt to stop them from raping one of the helpers, and found out just how hard a baton was as it cracked his skull, leaving a deep gash. Vlad surmised there was a connection between the two and filed this away for future reference. One of his men spoke the language and it was possible that they might squeeze some information from him by using the woman as collateral. Perhaps Mr. Macho wouldn't be able to handle watching his sister,&nbsp; girlfriend, or wife having her fingers broken one by one, or taking a tree limb up the ass that was bigger than any cock she'd ever seen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mr. Macho started spilling his guts after his little naked sweetie had two fingers snapped like twigs. So the only things that went up her ass were four cop cocks, one pig had her twice. Vlad had better things to do with his time than see what kind of venereal disease these whores could give him. The story he told didn't shed much light on who or where the top people in the organization were. All this guy could say was he was picked up at a lumber supply company where the illegals went to find work. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was assigned to the care of another countryman who ran the still, and once he became familiar with its operation and showed that he could be trusted, they gave him this set-up to work. Everyone he dealt with was from his country, and he was paid in cash. His sweetie turned out to be a cousin who had just arrived in the county and was happy to make some cash turning tricks for the meth workers. Unfortunately that tidbit meant his cousin was going for a trip with Vlad and his friends so they could sweat her for any information she might have picked up while she went from location to location.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman was kept in the trunk of Vlad's car, securely restrained and stark naked. It was a hot day and she must have sweat off plenty of flab from that spare tire that ringed her midsection. Both of the afternoon raids came up empty. Evidently one of the guys from this morning's raids had alerted someone that they were taking a hit, and this must have gotten out to all the other locations, meaning that at least one member of this ring used a cell phone to communicate. This was a very sophisticated operation if they were issuing cell phones to even some of the workers. Vlad began to wonder if they might be dealing with a Columbian drug cartel ,and then tabled that thought when he realized that meth was not a cash crop like cocaine was.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So when they returned, they had one unofficial prisoner, three locations put out of operation for at least a week, probably longer, and half a dozen workers with one or both thumbs broken. It's pretty hard to do the kind of operations required to make meth with a broken thumb or thumbs. He knew that the word was going to get around and many would decide that sooner or later they'd need their thumbs for most occupations, despite the amount of money they were being offered for drug work. Vlad left the transportation of their unofficial prisoner into the jail until after lunch, thus giving him the opportunity to move Karlson to another solitary confinement cell, and give the woman in the trunk something to think about when she finally was questioned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Karlson's eyes widened when he entered her cell. Once more he took the opportunity to play mind&nbsp; games with her. Vlad circled her dangling body and noted that she had pissed herself, probably that would be it until she got more water. She was soaked from head to toe in a sheen of perspiration that trickled down her bare body, calling attention to the nice little spots that he planned to torture once he had the time. He twisted both her nipples until her eyes popped, then slapped her big tits back and forth, noting that the silicone made them lopsided when they were struck. He made a big production of separating her cunt lips and inserting all but his thumb into her tight, moist cunt. Stepping back, he grinned and announced that they needed the cell for a&nbsp; much more important prisoner, but once they broke her, Karlson would be returned so she and Vlad could get better acquainted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Getting her into the other cell proved to be a piece of cake. Since he had little time before his men would be bringing the woman downstairs for her interrogation, he decided to let the lieutenant rest on the floor rather than be rehung. He warned her that there would be hell to pay if she made any noise, promising to expose her to the entire staff of the jail. This was not something that Karlson ever wanted to occur, so she nodded her head enthusiastically when she was warned. Vlad smiled and told her that if there was time, she might get a little reward for being such a good prisoner, patting his groin as he spoke. He could see the fire flame up in her eyes for the briefest of moments. He liked the ones with spunk; she and Vlad were going to get along just fine, so he thought.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad supervised the transfer of their captive from the trunk of his car to the special cell in the basement. He had the quartet decide which two would go back on patrol, warning them that if they couldn't come to an agreement, he would select. While this was going on, he made a call to the judge and gave him a core dump concerning their sweep this morning. The jurist was obviously disappointed that they had been foiled to a degree by the meth ring, but held out the hope that perhaps the foreigner they would be questioning today might give them a few new leads. Vlad did not share his optimism, figuring her as just a dumb whore&nbsp; using any means possible to get by. He also guessed that she'd be looking much worse after she met up with his men, who could be rather nasty especially if it was a defenseless woman with whom they were dealing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad chuckled to himself over the way the four troopers would finally decide. Obviously the one who spoke the language had to be in attendance, that left three to fight over one spot, the guy who would be hammering the life out of their unofficial prisoner, if he knew his men. His translator was a little too considerate when it came to dealing with those breaking the law. He had a hunch he knew who it would turn out to be. He had already noticed the mean streak in one of them, a young guy by the name of Elwood Barton. He was even toying with the idea of introducing Karlson to officer Barton, especially since he was not in her chain of command. Now wouldn't that be fun, he thought.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Vlad predicted, it was Barton and the officer who spoke the prisoner's language. He made sure that they understood she was to come out of this with her face intact, no more broken bones, and be telling everything she knew about the entire operation. He could see Barton sagging, that young man had a future in law enforcement if he could keep his passions under control. Vlad laughed to himself over that, realizing that he had caused the deaths of three persons to date and another was hanging in the balance. He said he had business to take care of, and would be back to check on things in a couple of hours. His business involved Lt.Karlson, who was stashed two doors down from this cell.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The former jailer looked up in surprise at his entrance. Karlson had moved so that she was sitting with her back supported by the wall. She seemed to be in better shape than when he took her down from the hook. He couldn't help but eye her coin slot of a cunt and those big, fake tits. Suddenly he reached down, grabbed two handfuls of her flaming red hair and yanked her to her feet. She teetered since her ankles were tied tightly together. Then he sank his fist into her belly, catching her by surprise. She retched and her face lost all its color. She was totally unprepared for the head butt he delivered to her forehead, knocking her head back against the wall. As she came off, her limp body acting as if it were made of melted butter, he hit her behind the ear with his fist and she was unconscious before she made contact with the floor. Vlad felt alive, his juices flowi, as she stood over his adversary who lay crumpled up on the floor, her breathing ragged and her body twitching in much the way a horse does when it's attempting to shoo off those biting flies that plague the animal in the hot summer months. Vlad spoke to no one in particular as he announced that he'd be back for her later on and then she'd really feel his wrath.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On his way back to his office he used his key to look in on the interrogation. Barton was drubbing the plump whore's kidneys with the rubber hose that had been mounted on the wall for just such a use. The other officer was yanking her head from side to side using her thick mop of dark hair, and screaming at her in her native tongue. Vlad was impressed by the translator's demeanor and thought he may have misjudged him. As he closed the peephole, Barton was coming round to the front side of the whore and there was this murderous look in his face. Vlad hoped for his sake that he woudn't lose control and do something he would regret later.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took the chief&nbsp; better than two hours before he was satisfied with his report of today's raid. Not only did it contain all the pertinent facts, he also added his own commentary concerning his views on how to proceed to gain access to the leadership of this ring of master criminals. Strangely enough he talked specifically about Lt. Margaret Karlson, who just might be convincing enough as a turncoat, based on the way she had been treated by judge Thompson and especially the new chief. He smiled inwardly about this stroke of genius. Now he had carte blanche to send this haughty beauty to the fires of hell, all in the name of law and justice. What could be better? The old Vlad would never have dreamed of doing something like this. Perhaps you could teach an old dog new tricks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things were going like gangbusters downstairs. He walked in as the other officer was slapping the whore across the face with every ounce of muscle he had. Her head was bouncing from side to side as he plastered her cheeks a bright crimson and bloodied her nose. Barton was standing to the side of her and he had what looked like a hatpin in his hand. It was then that Vlad noticed that both her big pillowy tits were riddled with other skewers, most of them centered around and through her nipples. She screamed blue murder as he slowly pushed the three-inch metal pin directly into the center of her nipple and pushed it deep into her tit flesh. She began to babble in this weird language and the translator's face lit up. He turned and shouted to the chief.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "We have a name, it's not much but we have a name!"



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Family Vlad - Chapter 27



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seems the whore knew another whore who knew the subject; a man higher up in the organization than those they usually dealt with. His name was Geronimo Pisces, but everyone knew him as the fish. She had no idea where he lived or what part of the territory was his responsibility. Vlad was a great believer in the rule that if someone gave you a piece of information, they usually were holding back a larger one for when it really got tough. He looked over at the young deputy, grinned and told him his rule. He liked the reply he got.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Guess this little wetback needs to be squeezed and squeezed good before we jail her officially. I wonder how much of my baton I can shove up her asshole before she bleeds. Then again she could have a real bad fall down some stairs, especially if her hands were cuffed behind her back and she got a little push in the right direction. Jose, why don't you tell her what I just said and see what she says?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The translator heaved a sigh and gave her a vicious punch between her big floppy tits, being careful to avoid hitting any of the pins that had already been driven into those bags. Vlad once more cautioned deputy Barton and his companion against doing any serious damage to her face, until it was necessary. The deputy's answer was to sink his fist into her flabby gut, stepping back to avoid being splattered by what she brought up from her belly. Satisfied that the whore was in good hands, the chief headed for his office to do some investigating on the law enforcement net site to see what they might have on this guy, Geronimo Pisces, alias the fish. Karlson was going to have to wait her turn. He hoped she spent it in sober reflection on how she managed to get herself into this mess, and what she might propose to him for getting her out of it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Vlad was doing his thing, those running the meth production ring were preparing to retaliate for what had happened today. They had chosen their target of opportunity a long time ago, knowing full well that sooner or later the authorities, in this case judge Thompson, were going to put the pressure on their organization to move to greener pastures. That very night they struck, kidnapping the one person that might be close enough to the judge to make him and his new attack dog, acting chief Vlad, back off and cut a deal that was mutually beneficial for both sides.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anita Watson stopped by her favorite watering hole after another long and boring day in judge Thompson's chambers. Things had really calmed down with the arrival of this chief Vlad, a person definitely not her type no matter what her sexual persuasion might be. She didn't have too much sympathy for the good lieutenant either; Margaret had been getting too big for her britches for some time and now she had run into the wrong person to try to steamroller. Anita dismissed these mundane issues and checked out the crowd of women milling around the bar. Her first pass, made quickly and almost as a reflex, didn't come up with any target of opportunity, no surprise there she thought. Then a new face and quite a figure came into view stepping from the ladies room. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The judge's factotum immediately went on point and homed in on her quarry. She managed to catch the eye of the bartender and signaled for him to ask the lady in question if she wanted some company, pointing naturally at where Anita was sitting, ready to put her prey in a duffel bag and take her home for some fun. Tall, blonde and shapely glanced over in her direction and shrugged. Rising to the challenge, Anita made a strength move, approaching the lovely and inviting her to take a load off at her table. Justine, the name made Anita quiver, paused for a brief moment as if deciding whether or not Anita might be worth her time and shrugged those broad shoulders and nodded.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Some small talk, an exchange of "do you knows", they did have a mutual friend of sorts, and another drink sealed the deal. Anita offered to take Justine to her place for a little dinner and come what may, but had to settle for being the lead car as they drove separately to Anita's house, located half a mile off the main road that ran through the county. While Anita bustled around her kitchen getting the meal put together and making sure it would take the better part of an hour before it would need to be served, Justine carefully cased the place for evidence of a security system, there was one, and any equipment that hinted at the&nbsp; capability of recording&nbsp; sound or sight, there was none. This accomplished, she settled back and waited for Anita to make the first move in the lesbian version of the Japanese tea ceremony.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile chief Vlad had come up empty with his check of the net site and so decided to take the edge off by beating the hell out of Margaret Karlson for being such a horse's ass and a woman to boot. On his way downstairs to her cell, he took a detour to see how the interrogation was going. Fortunately for the poor whore he arrived in the nick of time; ten minutes or so later and he would have had a major mess on his hands. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He walked in just as deputy Barton hooked his fist into the bulging belly of their quasi-prisoner. She was stark naked, hands cuffed behind her back and hanging by her ankles, legs spread wide. His baton was poking out from&nbsp; her asshole and the deputies' billy clubs were wedged into her cunt. They'd gagged her and her belly was bulging. Based on the size of the puddle beneath her head, this wasn't the first time she had undergone this treatment. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To Vlad this was not an interrogation technique to be performed without adequate supervision. There was the distinct possibility that the prisoner's belly could be ruptured or she might suffocate from the lack of air as the water made its exit. He watched impassively as deputy Barton stepped back quickly to avoid being splattered by the rush of water pouring from her nostrils. It was then he caught sight of a dour chief Vlad, who stood there, hands on his hips, shaking his head in disgust. Vlad ordered them to get the gag out of her mouth and bring her down so she could recover. He was about to play good cop, bad cop with their suspect.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anita offered to show her guest the rest of the house, and when Justine expressed interest, took her on the grand tour beginning with her bedroom. Once inside, her guest wasted no time observing that the bed looked big enough for two. Anita felt like a school girl with her first crush, on a girl naturally. She blushed just enough to let her visitor know that there was no bedmate at the moment, but she was certainly welcome to try out for the position. Justine smiled and began to unbutton her blouse to reveal a set of big firm breasts fighting to escape the confines of her bra. It quickly became a contest to see who could get naked first, and Justine won by the pair of sheer crotched bikinis that remained on her hostess.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The judge's assistant felt like the winner of the state lottery as she took in all that firm, shapely flesh being displayed by her guest. Justine evidently was a believer in bikini waxes to keep her pussy, featuring a set of thick, blood-engorged cunt lips and a fat clit, on display for her partners. Anita had been so eager to get this goddess into her bed that she hadn't fully realized just how tall and powerful she was. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that she got a display of Justine's strength, as the tall woman kicked her squarely in the crotch and even before Anita crumpled to the floor also landed a vicious rabbit punch to the back of her neck that finished her off. As the brunette writhed in agony her assailant swiftly tied Anita's hands behind her back with a leather thong that bit deep into her flesh, and ripped off her bikinis to use as a gag. Anita began to recover from the sudden attack, but Justine grabbed a fistful of hair to hold her head up and gave her a karate chop to the side of the neck, rendering Anita unconscious.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Justine had watched carefully as they entered the house and to the best of her knowledge Anita had not rearmed the security system, which meant that she could move in and out with impunity. After dressing she went out to her car and retrieved a large duffel bag from the trunk. She stuffed Anita into it and hoisted the bag over her shoulder to transport it into the car's trunk. After wiping down any place that she may have contacted while in the house, she locked up and drove away with her cargo still out like a light. She had nearly three hours of driving ahead of her as the car headed toward the interstate that would take her to the destination she had been given.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad spent a frustrating two hours trying to make his prisoner tell him more than just a name, but it was no dice. For once his rule of thumb did not work. The poor dumb whore was no hardened criminal; she was just trying to make her way in this foreign land that she had been told by others from her country was many times better than the one in which she lived previously. To date she was not sure of that, especially after the cruel treatment she had just undergone. Convinced that she had nothing of significance to provide him, Vlad decided to let her go free, and for her troubles he made the two deputies give her twenty bucks each. Both pleaded poverty so close to payday, so Vlad came up with it for them, letting them know that on the next payday he expected to be repaid or else. For him to do something like his was so out of character that even he was surprised. He looked at his watch and decided that Karlson could stew for another night before facing him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning all hell broke loose. He was roused from sleep by the insistent phone and judge Thompson was on the other end. He announced in a voice that wavered between anger and fear that his assistant, Anita Watson, had been kidnapped last night and was being held by the gang running the meth production facilities in the county. He wanted Vlad and Dawson to meet him at his office in one hour to discuss strategy, and under no circumstances should anyone else be made aware of what he had just been told. The fat was in the fire, and Vlad knew it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With hands that were shaking, the judge pushed a picture of Anita that had been sent to him over the Internet. It showed his factotum stark naked and hanging by her wrists from a beam in the ceiling of what looked like a cabin. Flanking her stood a woman and two men, all very tall, their heads covered in hoods. The trio was stripped to the waist and each held a club or rubber hose. Anita looked frightened, but so far no harm had come to her according to the note that came with the picture. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dawson immediately announced that he would get a trace on the sender, but Vlad merely laughed at such a suggestion. He knew that this group would not be that ignorant of technology that they would send the judge something that could be traced back to them. Vlad predicted that the trace would yield something like an Internet coffee house or worse still, one of those franchises that would allow total strangers to send faxes, e-mail and even photographs using their computers and other communications systems. Still, this was definitely a path that had to be investigated. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Left unsaid was Vlad's opinion about a woman who didn't take enough precautions, thus making herself an easy target. He was aware of her sexual tastes and considered that to be a weakness in the judge's inner circle. This in turn reminded him about the other lieutenant, Karlson, who was still languishing in a cell at the jail. She was too valuable a resource to be left out of the picture he told the judge, who after a moment of thought, nodded his head in agreement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Locating the cabin, if that is what it was, would be like finding a needle in a haystack. There was no argument on that issue. The cryptic note that came with the picture also provided no clue from which to start. All it said was "This woman will remain unharmed provided you or your representative meets with us at a place to be named later. As a gesture of good will on your part, you will refrain from hassling our employees as they carry out their work. Failure on your part to meet this request will cause severe pain and humiliation to befall your secretary." Vlad shrugged his shoulders and looked up at the ceiling; there was nothing he could do as long as he had no idea where they were hiding the woman.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The discussion moved to the subject of&nbsp; bringing in the Feds to assist, but this would in all likelihood mean giving up the lead role in tracking down these people and rescuing Anita Watson without any harm coming to her. Vlad was dead set against that; his previous experiences with them had never been satisfying for a variety of reasons, some of which he shared with the other two. In the meantime he would have his men go over Anita's place with a fine tooth comb and also interview any potential witnesses at the bar where she normally went after work. Until they received more information about this meeting with the ones running the meth ring, there was little else to do. The meeting broke and he headed over to the jail to release his prisoner and bring her up to speed on what was going on.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Vlad unlocked the cell and stepped inside after making sure that no one was in the vicinity. It would have been humiliating for the good lieutenant to have been idenitified as the mystery prisoner. The smell of stale piss reminded him that she had been held here for more than a day, and must have finally taken matters into her own hands when it came to seeking relief for her near-bursting bladder. It was his fault and he knew it, but Vlad could not resist this one last opportunity to break her balls, so to speak. He strode over to where she sat, weary, hungry and above all thirsty.Hands on hips he looked down at her and screamed that she was asking for it by pissing all over his clean floors and he was going to make her do something about it. He grabbed Karlson by her flaming red hair and dragged her over to the puddle of piss. From its size her bladder must have been only minutes away from either bursting or backing up part of its piss load into her kidneys, a good way to develop uremic poisoning.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He forced the woman's head down and ordered her to get every drop of piss off the floor and properly stored away in her belly in the next five minutes or he'd hang her up and beat the hell out of her. It was very convincing, because she immediately began sucking up the piss while he watched and gave her naked body another good look. It was too bad that her ass cheeks had been ruined by that prison guard, but she probably deserved it based on his interactions with her so far to date. Those fake tits bugged him and he determined that if they got together for any lengthy amount of time, the phony boobs had to go. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He had to mentally shake himself as he muttered under his breath that she was somehow getting to him, which bothered him a great deal since she was such a ball breaker. To demonstrate to himself that he was still in control of his feelings, Vlad stripped off his belt and began whipping her ass cheeks, yelling at her to get a move on, he didn't have all day to screw around with a fuck-up like her. Karlson redoubled her efforts and soon got the puddle to the point that she had to use her tongue to get the final traces of her loss of control properly stored away in her belly as ordered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She cringed when Vlad reached down towards her, fearful that he was about to drag her to another corner where she knew there was more evidence of her lack of bladder control. Instead he patted her on the head as if she were the family dog who had just done a trick. Part of her was totally humiliated and vowed vengeance at some time and place to be determined, the other relieved that perhaps she would not be beaten and embarrassed any more. At the physical level she was on the verge of promising her body if only she could have some water to drink and get this foul taste from her mouth. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She nearly passed out from shock when he announced that things had changed dramatically and she was sprung on his recommendation. Not only that, she was once more in charge of the jail, and this time any screw up might be fatal to her career and most damaging to her physical well-being. She almost tried to kiss his hand, but refrained, still not one hundred percent sure that he wasn't still playing games with her mind.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite) 











 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-02T21:14:00Z
  2007-06-02T21:14:00Z
  5
  2427
  13839
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  115
  32
  16234
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






  The Family Vlad - Chapter 28

&nbsp;

 Anita Watson awoke to find herself in
darkness, naked as a jaybird, hands tightly tied, and gagged with her own
bikinis. Her crotch was sore from where she had been kicked and her neck ached
from the karate chop that had put her out. It took a few moments to recover her
senses and to realize that she had been kidnapped by her bar pickup. She felt
the vibration as the car sped over the highway towards its destination. Anita
berated herself for acting so foolishly as to invite a perfect stranger to her
home, no matter how attractive. How could she let her good sense be overcome by
her taste for fine female flesh? For the moment it would do no good to struggle
so Anita tried to become calm and wait for whatever was to happen next.

&nbsp;

 Hours later the car finally exited the
highway and turned onto what seemed to be a dirt road that made the vehicle
bounce and fishtail as it moved slowly over the rough surface. By the time it
reached its destination Anita had been buffeted and thrown from one side of the
trunk to the other, making contact with its contents, most of which were
unyielding materials that she knew had added more bruises to those she had
collected from her kidnapper. She heard the car door open and shut as the
driver exited. There was silence for a few minutes before she heard footsteps
and muffled voices approaching the trunk.

&nbsp;

 The trunk opened and the bag containing
her was lifted from the trunk and thrown over someone's shoulder. The trip to
wherever they were going was a short one and done in silence. Anita wasn't sure
if it was her kidnapper or another person carrying her body with apparent ease.
A short flight of steps, the sound of a
door opening and then she was transported into the structure and
unceremoniously dumped like so much garbage onto the hard floor, adding to her
collection of bruises. Once the duffel bag was opened, it took her some time to
adjust to the light, she could only make out shapes, no faces.

&nbsp;

 Anita took a vicious hit from one of the
shapes, rocking her head back and making her see stars. Before she could
recover from the sudden attack hands were choking her, cutting off precious
air. She heard a high pitched laugh, a sound only a woman could make; Justine
was in the room. Another voice, a man's, ordered whoever was strangling her to
stop or else. The pressure on her windpipe relaxed and she drew in great gulps
of air. Now she could see and there standing in front of her was Justine, a
cruel smile on her lovely face.

&nbsp;

 &quot;Welcome home you sick piece of lesbian
garbage. Right now it's even money this will be your next to last place on
earth. When we're done, in all likelihood what's left of you will be run
through the wood chipper out back and then dissolved in the quicklime bed about
a mile away from here. Don't worry, you'll be dead long before we start cutting
up your body into nice easy chunks for the chipper to handle. However until we
get specific instructions from our customer you'll live, it just won't be a
good life. In fact I intend to make it a hell on earth. That's what we call a
win-win proposition. You get to live and I get to convince you that death would
be a whole lot better.&quot;

&nbsp;

 Her chilling laugh sent shivers up Anita's
spine. Suddenly there were hands on Anita's body as the other two dragged her
from the duffel bag. It was obvious that they were men, but their faces were
covered with hoods that had holes for eyes and nothing more. She was wrestled
over to the center of the room and quickly strung up by her wrists; Anita's
naked body now hanging from a hook set into one of the timbers that supported
the roof of the crude cabin where she would stay until her fate was decided.
The two assailants walked around to check out the factotum's bare body, making
obscene comments about what they intended to do to her once the photo session
was finished.

&nbsp;

 Justine set up the lighting and the camera
that would verify that Anita Watson was their captive and completely at their
mercy. She set the timer and joined the picture after donning a hood matching
those of the men. Justine was not satisfied with what she produced and so some
adjustments were made. Now all three of them were bare to the waist, hooded and
bearing various implements for whipping and beating their helpless captive.
These were much better and so one of the men was sent with the pictures to a
rendezvous point where a courier would make sure the photos were transmitted to
various persons involved in what was to be a long and tedious negotiation
between judge Thompson and the drug producers.

&nbsp;

 Justine could not resist starting in on
her captive. She was very careful not to do anything that might leave evidence
that any obvious physical harm had come to Anita. Before beginning she made
sure that the woman was unable to make much noise, changing her gag to
something more effective, a piece of a towel replacing the bikinis and duct
tape making sure it stayed in Anita's mouth. It amused her to allow her male
companion to test its effectiveness by pinching the captive's sensitive nipples
between his thumb and forefinger until tears flowed down her cheeks. Justine
promised him more, much more, once she was done having her fun with their
guest.

&nbsp;

 Anita's eyes grew wide as she saw the
suitcase that Justine hoisted onto the table and opened. She saw metal,
leather, plastic tubing, hypodermic needles, hatpins, even what looked like a
pistol. The tall blonde gave her a quick smile and picked up the thing that
looked like a pistol. She pointed it at her victim's belly and pulled the
trigger. Anita winced and shut her eyes as soon as she saw Justine's finger
tense, but outside of a buzzing noise and the smell one gets during a thunder
storm there was no physical effect on her body, yet. Her captor moved closer
and this time she pushed the head of the device, whatever it was, into the
mouth of Anita's hairless cunt and pulled the trigger. This time the helpless
female almost ruptured herself as a flood of electricity washed over the
insides of her cunt. Justine's associate pointed and exclaimed that it looked
as if her twat had caught on fire as any moisture in the path of the high
voltage shock was vaporized.

&nbsp;

 Justine let her captive recover her senses
before using the miniprod again. She wasted little time teasing the woman;
holding the tip of the prod against her armpit and delivering another bolt of
searing current into her flesh. Anita acted like a spastic puppet who had lost
a portion of its strings. The side of her body that took the jolt jerked
upwards, as if trying to climb the rope to which it was attached. Snot poured
from her nostrils and she lost control of her bladder, pissing herself as her
captors gloated over her pain and humiliation. The big blonde handed the weapon
to her companion, warning him against using it in her asshole unless he was
ready to clean up the mess that would obviously occur once the juice seared
away the lining of her colon.

&nbsp;

 He proved to be more than just a thug,
which impressed Justine, who began to consider him as someone she might let
between her thighs if this assignment lasted more than a day or two. He teased
and tormented Anita to the point that she longed for him to burn her if for no
reason than to end the terror she was
experiencing every time he appeared to select a portion of her body to
zap. He informed Justine that he would do their victim twice to make things
even. She couldn't resist a smirk as she mentally picked the areas she thought
he'd burn.

&nbsp;

 When he held the miniprod against the arch
of her bare foot, the blonde's eyebrows went up, thinking him to be jesting.
When he blasted Anita's foot seconds later the blonde's eyes popped as she saw
the results. Anita's entire foot tried to bend as the electrons danced through
the flesh and bone. The hot beam of electricity caused every nerve in her foot
to go into a short circuit condition sending impossible signals to the muscles
and tendons comprising her lower extremity. It was a nightmare played out in
broad daylight, a process that once started took many long minutes to run its
course, minutes of total agony to the subject. Justine could hardly wait for
his second choice. At this point she was thinking of enticing him into the
bedroom and letting him have his way with her. Who'd be the wiser?

&nbsp;

 Anita's mind had been scrambled by what he
had just done to her. Her reaction to his feints was now slow or passive, a
sure sign that the first touch had created tremendous damage to her mental
processes. In a sense he had made it almost impossible to harm her because of
his first success. He was not without resources despite this challenge. He
placed the barrel of the &quot;pistol&quot; against her cheek and watched her
eyes react slowly. He moved the barrel down her jawline, stopping at one or two
spots to gauge her response to his finger tightening around the trigger. Once
more he retraced his path, lulling her into a false sense of security. She was
taken completely by surprise when he squeezed the trigger while the miniprod
was wedged into the region just below her ear.

&nbsp;

 Her jaws came together as if a giant hand
had squeezed them with such force that it was bone on bone in an instant. Micro cracks were produced along the jawline
and some of her teeth were loosened. The pain came seconds later, as if every
tooth in her lower jaw was being simultaneously drilled without the protection
of any form of anesthetic. At the same time that her jaw was struggling to
avoid total collapse, a second front was causing chaos in her ear canal, the
burst of electricity sending all those tiny bones that make up the ear into
incoherent behavior. 

&nbsp;

 It was as if Anita was listening to either
an express train running through her ear or total silence every milli-second as
the stirrup, anvil, hammer and eardrum labored to make sense of the barrage of
conflicting input signals they were receiving from every possible direction.
Her eyes flickered and then rolled back into her head as she escaped into the
darkness of near madness. Justine realized that she had stopped breathing, so
great was her reaction to what had just taken place before her eyes. For all
the agony she had just witnessed, there were no visible signs of any damage
done to that naked body that seemed to be sleeping as it hung from the hook in
the ceiling.

&nbsp;

 Vlad was proven correct when the traces
came back as either a source outside of the continental US or a do-it-yourself
sending station located in a nearby state. The only tangible clue the chief had
was this Geronimo Pisces, the fish, but the woman who gave him the lead was
either telling the truth, which he believed or a great actress. He was very
tempted to try to shake down one of the meth guys now back at work in the
woods, but feared the judge's wrath if he screwed up and brought additional
pain and suffering onto Anita Watson. His last hope was somehow to recover a
clue at the kidnapped woman's home. For this he'd need backup from Lieutenant
Karlson who no doubt had spent plenty of time there, probably breaking some
local ordinances or state laws, but that was not an issue at this time.

&nbsp;

 The tall redhead pratically fell all over
herself accepting his suggestion that she join him in searching Anita Watson's
house for clues. They drove out there later that morning and did as thorough a
job as could be done under the circumstances. Their investigation picked up
four different fingerprints and Vlad was willing to bet the farm that one
belonged to his current partner. A cast of the tire treadmarks that probably
were made by the car that took Anita away were also made, but he wasn't confident
at all that this would yield anything of significance. 

&nbsp;

 As it turned out, this was the clue he
needed. It took two days and plenty of leaning before he got the news. Only two
cars in the entire state had that special tire marking, which included the
initials of the company sponsoring the contest, a small car rental place
located at an airport almost on the other side of the state. At last he had
something to work on, but a lot had happened in those two days; most of it bad
and unfortunately involving the judge's secretary and factotum.

&nbsp;

 The third member of the kidnapping team
team returned with instructions for the group concerning what was to be done to
their prisoner. He was greatly disappointed to discover that the other two had
started without him. Anita was still out like a light, but her vital signs
indicated nothing very serious so far. Justine was very hot to trot with her
new friend, but he seemed a bit reluctant, which made her back away until she
learned more about him. They made small talk for a time and she found out that
the two men were buddies who went back a long time together. Thye had done many
things including mercenary work on three continents, a tour of duty in the
Marines and training the rebel army that ultimately overthrew the regime of an
African country. Along the way they had picked up all sorts of tricks for
interrogating prisoners and the like. Justine had just seen a demonstration of
the capability one of them possessed. She shuddered to think what it would be
like to be on the receiving end of their questioning.

&nbsp;

 Talk got around to other topics such as
sex. Justine learned that these two had an interesting hobby, raping women, not
just any women, but ones from the upper class of the various countries in which
they fought or served in another capacity. Sometimes it was done as part of an
interrogation, or after a raid in which there were female survivors; at least
until they finished having their way with the ones that met their exacting
specifications. Most were accomplished simply because of the class they
represented, and the type of women who gravitated toward power and its
representatives. 

&nbsp;

 This country proved to be an abundant
source of their prey for another reason, jealousy. They described a recent job
they did for a wealthy husband who had found out his wife was seeing another
man. First they got the goods on her including some very interesting pictures
taken with a telephoto lens. Then they kidnapped her for an entire weekend and
took turns raping her in every hole, aided by the sex stimulants they took as
well as the ones they forced their victim to take. They got plenty of good
pictures showing her doing tricks that her husbad never thought she knew. Just
before they returned her to their client, a changed woman, they tattooed the
full name of her boyfriend on her ass in such a manner that she'd never be able
to wear a bikini in public again. They laughed uproariously at the story but it
sent chills down Justine's spine. These guys were the real deal and she didn't
ever want to get on the wrong side of them.

 

 Bob, the one who had put Anita through
hell earlier, suggested that he and Mark, his buddy, get busy on carrying out
their latest instructions. To them it was no big thing, a piece of cake. Mark grunted
and said it wasn't worth the time to do it, but with any kind of luck they'd
get opportunties in the very near future to really make her wish she was dead.
For now, they were to provide the judge with a souvenir proving conclusively
that they were ready to start doing some serious damage to her body and mind.
Justine had pointed out previously to Bob that Anita had her nails done by a
very pricey process that embedded small bits of polished material into the
acrylic covering her nails. 

&nbsp;

 He remembered her comment and as she
watched they took her down from the hook and Bob held the unconscious woman's
hand in a grip of steel while his partner used a pair of needle nosed pliers to
yank the fingernail out. His first try was unsuccessful, breaking the nail
besides waking her from the semi-coma she had gone into. So Mark had his
partner hold her other hand so he could do the same fingernail. This time it
came away clean with some bleeding and a very strange look etched on their
prisoner's face. Anita Watson had just gotten another reminder that the gates
of hell on earth were about to open wide for her.

&nbsp;

 (To be continued-lex
ludite)















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-28T12:27:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:27:00Z
  6
  2590
  14766
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  123
  34
  17322
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






  The Family Vlad - Chapter 29

&nbsp;

 While Vlad was focused on coming up with
some clues that would point him in the right direction, things were going very
badly for Anita Watson. The delivery of her fingernail sent the judge through
the ceiling and was cause for another meeting. This time Lt. Karlson attended
as well. She sat and listened, deferring to the others. Despite the trouble she
had gotten into by trying to buck Vlad, she still had a few tricks up her
sleeve that she hoped to parlay into a coup that would reestablish her position
in the judge's hierarchy. Had they known about Anita's little hobby of taping
the various women as they cavorted with her on her bed, they might have been
able to identify the woman who kidnapped her. Karlson kept this to herself, but
already was working the files of known criminals in hopes that she could
identify the tall, buxom blonde that was the last person to appear on the tape.
It would be another day and a half before she got any additional information
from the taciturn Vlad.

&nbsp;

 Bob and Mark got tired of twiddling their
thumbs and decided that Anita had to be checked to see if indeed she was truly
a dedicated lesbian. Naturally Justine wanted in on the action, and they agreed
provided she passed their rigorous initiation process. Anita was less than
cooperative, and paid a price for giving them trouble. Bob had noticed the
nearly filled rain barrel beside the cabin. With Mark's aid they dragged their
struggling captive outside, turned her upside down and jammed her head-first
into the barrel of water.

&nbsp;

 They stepped back and watched gleefully as she
thrashed helplessly, her legs kicking wildly, but unable to escape the narrow
confines she occupied. They grinned at Justine and waited until Anita's legs
stopped moving, indicating that she had failed in her attempt to swallow the
contents of the rain barrel. Mark counted slowly to fifty before nodding to his
partner. They grabbed Anita's legs and hoisted her from the barrel. Her face
was ashen and her eyes fluttered, indicating that she was far from death's
door. Bob put her into a half-nelson and then his buddy sank his fists into her
gut, unleashing a flurry of vicious blows that brought a torrent of water from
her nostrils and mouth. Justine watched and felt herself getting wet. She could
hardly wait for them to get back into the cabin so she could get naked and do
whatever those two asked of her.

&nbsp;

 Justine was told to get Anita showered and
dried off while they set up the bed for her arrival. She was less than thrilled by the assignment,
but did as she was told, not wanting to wind up in the rain barrel like Anita.
By the time she shoved her naked captive into the back room where the two men
awaited, they had set up shop using some of the contents of her satchel, plus
some restraints they contributed. Anita put up a struggle but was easily
overpowered. They made short work of tying her into a position that allowed
them access to both her cunt and asshole. Her legs were pulled up and back so
that her ankles could be tied to the bars making up the headboard in such a way
as to spread her thighs wide apart giving them a clear shot at both holes. Her
wrists were bound tightly and anchored to the center of the headboard,
completing her bondage. The O-ring gag that they liberated from Justine's
collection of restraints was used to make sure than she couldn't do any damage
while they were face-fucking or seeing how far down her throat they could get
their cocks.

&nbsp;

 The men were excited by the sight of her
hairy armpits, now on display due to the way her arms were pulled up over her
head. That coupled with the thick bush guarding her cunt acted like magnets for
the two men. They argued good-naturedly about who would get to go first with
their prisoner, and finally decided it by flipping a coin, and Mark won.
Justine's eyes got big when he stripped off his clothing to reveal his enormous
cock, still not fully erect. Then she felt Bob's big hand cupping one of her
tits through her blouse and she got weak in the knees wondering if he was as
well hung as his partner. They watched Mark climb onto the bed and settle
himself between Anita's spread thighs. Anita's face was pale and her eyes big
as saucers as she saw the size of his dick. He rubbed the head of his cock up
and down her hairy slit to fully develop his erection. He looked back to his
partner, grinned and observed that the bitch was dry as a desert.

&nbsp;

 Seconds later his hard length of meat
punched its way into her twat, neatly splitting her cunt lips apart and bringing
a muffled grunt from the brunette. He chuckled, shifted his hips a bit and
plunged all the way inside his victim until the head of his cock encountered
her cervix. Justine licked her lips in anticipation when she saw that some
small portion of his cock was still outside Anita's widely spread cunt lips. He
reached down and grabbed her pert tits to stabilize himself as he went about
the business of raping his captive. He went at her methodically, slamming his
cock into her cunt like a machine, while he twisted her tits and watched the
reaction on Anita's face as she was attacked from two areas at once. After
perhaps a half dozen hammer-like strokes, he would rest on his heels, the head
of his cock stretching the mouth of her arid cunt. Then he'd launch another
series of brutal thrusts into that tomb-like tunnel, watching her face for any
signs of response to what he was doing. 

&nbsp;

 Her refusal to acknowledge in any way that
he was raping her angered him and she paid the price. On his next rest he
leaned forward and slapped her across the face over and over until tears rolled
down her cheeks. Then he resumed his brutal beating of her cunt, ramming and
twisting his hard dick into places that had never felt the kind of power that
it was generating. He yanked her tits to their limit, making her fear that he
might actually tear them from her chest wall. Now when he took a break he
alternated his blows, slapping her swollen face and punching her sore tits
until he was ready to pound that sterile sex tunnel into submission. He finally
had to admit defeat and did so by punching her in the face, splitting her lips.
He yelled for his partner to take over while he figured out what to do to her
next. 

&nbsp;

 Justine was astonished to see that Bob's
organ was even bigger than Mark's monstrous prick. She shuddered at what it
must feel like to have both those huge slabs of man-meat working away inside
both holes simultaneously, or worse yet trying to stretch a cunt or asshole to
the point that it might accommodate both at the same time. She also began to
get worried abut the way Anita was being mistreated. What if things were
settled and they were supposed to return her in one piece? What would happen
then? That particular question was in the proces of being answered even as she
articulated it.

&nbsp;

 Bob wasted no time letting Anita know that
there was a new cock in her pussy and it meant business. He plowed his dick
into her cunt until it collided with her cervix, tilting it a bit, but no
matter since the last thing Anita wanted
was to be pregnant. However when he wrapped his big hands around her neck and
began squeezing as he scraped her fuck tunnel raw, she began to fear for her
life. As bad as the first rapist had been, this was something much worse. First
of all the cock was longer and thicker, which made every thrust more painful
than anything she had experienced previously. Then there was the matter of
being strangled; she couldn't breathe and it felt as if her windpipe was about
to collapse at any moment. Finally this one seemed never to grow tired; his
cock was like a battering ram and her insides felt as if there was an army of
little miners excavating the thin mucous membrane that was the only protection
those tender walls possessed.

&nbsp;

 Anita passed out, her head lolling to the
side. Bob released her neck from his iron grip and pounded away at her cunt. He
raised himself up to give his thrusts more power and it sounded as if a pistol
was going off everytime his groin smashed into her hairy twat. Her entire body
quivered and shook each time that his cock hit bottom. He knew how she was
going to feel once they finished raping her and it made his face crack into a
smile, a cold death's head type of smile. Mark leaned over and told his buddy
that he was ready to take over once more. Bob
nodded and delivered two ferocious blows to her cunt before pulling out
with a loud pop. Mark gave him a high five at the sight of blood coating the
head of his partner's dick.

&nbsp;

 &quot;It looks like we're making some
progress now. Wait until you see what this bitch does when I ram my cock up
that tight ass of hers and she gets a dose of the stuff I rubbed all over the
condom. Remember that rich bitch down in Central America? You know, the one
whose husband overthrew the government with our help and then we got to get rid
of her for him as well. Now that was one of the best times I've had in a long
while; it sure will bring back some real pleasant memories of that bitch
begging me to shoot her to stop the pain of that stuff burning away her cunt
walls while we took turns fucking her bowlegged.&quot;

&nbsp;

 They changed places and while Mark worked
his condom sheathed cock into Anita's tight asshole, Justine was put to work
keeping Bob stiff and ready for his next turn with their lesbian prisoner. She
made no objections, realizing she was outmanned and that was putting it mildly.
Besides Bob's cock was almost manageable when compared to that giant hanging
from his partner's loins. At first the only sensation that Anita felt was the
pain associated with the entry of that enormous cock into her super tight
asshole. It made short work of her sphincter muscle and bored forward to enter
her colon. The penetration was somewhat slowed by the narrow passageway, but
the head of this monster piece of man-meat continued to conquer new territory,
going deeper and deeper. Then suddenly the pert breasted brunette felt the
first attack from the material that had been spread over the condom. It stung
at first and then began to burn. Her mucous membrane reacted to the assault by
shrinking back onto itself, but the fiery chemical moved even quicker, gaining
a beachhead in her rectum.

&nbsp;

 Justine was too busy keeping that hard length of cock from choking
her to pay much attention at first to what was transpiring on the bed. Then
these strange noises started issuing from their prisoner's mouth and her face
began to turn rudy as the chemical entered her bloodstream through the walls of
her colon. The pain increased rapidly and she struggled to escape her bonds and
even expel him from her bowels, all to no avail. She was like a butterfly
nailed to a board, impossible to move or prevent the growing level of
burning pain that made her intestines
feel as if they had caught fire. 

&nbsp;

 Then the rapist began to pound her with a
fury that was breathtaking. Anita's eyes popped and her entire body shook from
the combined pain associated with the corrosive chemical that was eating away
at the thin membrane guarding her colon's walls, and the brutal pummeling that
monster weapon was delivering to her sensitive rectum. The pain was too much
and Anita fainted dead away. Mark kept up his brutal assault for another minute
or so until it dawned on him that she was unconscious and beyond pain. He
pulled out and began slapping her face to rouse her for more agony and
punishment.

&nbsp;

 The two men swapped so that Bob could do
some more damage to Anita's torn up cunt, and give the stuff burning away the
lining of her colon more time to dissipate before Mark's huge prod returned to
the job of totally ruining her rectum. Anita Watson cycled between periods of
intense pain and comatose behavior. Justine meanwhile continued to fluff the
men as they took turns pounding away at both of the secretary's now bleeding
holes. The tall blonde was amazed at their self control. To the best of her
knowledge, neither had ejaculated yet and they had been going at their victim
was the better part of an hour.

&nbsp;

 Anita's mouth became a target of
opportunity after a time. Now their blood bedecked cocks went from her cunt and
asshole into her mouth and as far down her throat as they could jam them. The
muffled screeches and squawks that were
wrung from her seemed to goad her tormentors to new heights of brutality. They
took turns cutting off her air passage with their thick cocks, grinning down at
her as she struggled, her face turning blue, announcing the final stage of
asphixiation before she would lapse into a coma. Somehow she never managed to
escape into oblivion. They seemed to always know just when to yank out the cock
plugging her throat so she could begin to gasp and gulp in precious oxygen to
her lungs and other organs so dependent upon that to sustain her vital
functions.

&nbsp;

 Justine was caught off guard when suddenly
she was asked if she wanted to tear off a piece of their captive. All the big
blonde could think to say was &quot;When in Rome do as the Romans do&quot;. Her
remark brought laughter from the pair and a suggestion that now since they had
opened Anita's cunt considerably, she might want to finish the task by means of
fisting the captive. Justine knew that any suggestion was tantamount to an
order, and so she jumped right in, rolling up her sleeve, as they watched and
smirked at their helpless prisoner. It took her some time to work her closed
fist into Anita's damp and still relatively tight cunt. The sounds issuing from
the O-ring gag, and her movements against her bonds let Justine know that her
entry was causing Anita some difficulty already. That only made her more eager
to show her companions that she could play their game too.

&nbsp;

 It took quite a bit of time for her
to understand what fisting was all
about. It wasn't just ramming her fist as hard as she could into the woman's
cunt; there was much more to it than that. It meant moving as far up the birth
canal as was comfortable for her, then pausing to see how much she could change
her fist into a hand, and if successful, use her fingernails to do some damage
to the sensitive walls of Anita's cunt. Once she got that part of the process
down pat, she was able to make her prisoner scream and struggle whenever she
wanted. This little trick went over big with the men who cheered and urged her
to see if she could reach the captive's cervix and really make her hurt.

&nbsp;

 It was Bob who decided that Justine needed
a proper initiation. He held a quiet conversation with Mark and the two men
smiled in agreement. When the tall blonde heard what they expected her to do
next, she balked at first. However the look on their faces made her rethink her
position. If she turned their idea down she knew it was curtains for her chance
to be ever accepted by them. Justine offered a compromise that involved forcing
Anita to lick her cunt juices from Justine's fist and forearm. If she failed to
make the woman do this, she would lick it off herself. Mark really loved the
concept and his enthusiasm was infectious. Now the ball was in her court; she
had to somehow make the slim brunette peform this rather disgusting act. It was
no surprise when Anita flatly refused, shaking her head furiously.

&nbsp;

 Justine made a big production out of
wiping off her hand and forearm across Anita's face. She then went to her
satchel and selected a number of hypodermic needles which she filled with a
greenish solution, being very careful not to come into contact with the chemical.
She returned to where Anita lay, naked and helpless, and gave her one last
chance to agree to what she had asked her to do just a few brief minutes ago.
The men were now hanging on her every word, wondering what was contained in the
collection of hypos that she spread out before Anita Watson. 

&nbsp;

 &quot;This is your last chance. Once I
start, I'll not stop until I've pumped the contents of every needle here into
various portions of your anatomy. I guarantee that you will wish you had said
yes to my offer, and after a time you'll wish for death because of the way this
solution will react in your body. This is something you have never experienced.
The only ones who have were in my prison and got on the wrong side of me. Two
tried to commit suicide when they learned they were scheduled for a second shot
of this interesting chemical. Another offered to become my personal toilet in
exchange for not getting injected again. The fourth survivor went insane before
she could be given the drug. All the others died in a most painful way within
twenty-four hours of taking the drug. Why the other four survived is not for me
to wonder about too much. Now for the final time will you lick your pussy juice
off my fist and any other part of me that comes in contact with it?...........No,
then have it your way.&quot;

&nbsp;

 Mark and Bob took a deep breath as Justine
picked up the first hypodermic needle and readied it for injection into the
nipple of Anita's left tit. They stopped breathing until Justine thumbed the
entire contents directly through the center of the prisoner's nipple and into
the fatty tissue of her tit. For perhaps thirty seconds she exhibited no
effect, then things began to happen.

&nbsp;

 (To be continued-lex
ludite)







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





