BDSM Library - That One Time




That One Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A first person story from the persepective of a completely submissive female.  She briefly details her relationship, and then launches into the tale of the one time her master took things too far, and everything turns from painful pleasure into brutally harsh and complete pain.
That One Time

	I remember the ad he placed in the paper. "White male seeks fsub for
long term relationship.  Must be willing to completely submit."

	That was all.  I'd been looking to get into a long term submissive
relationship for a while then, and it sounded like it might work out.  I called
up the number in the ad, and we set a date to meet.

	That was three years ago.

	It was a rough relationship from the very first time.  Master knew what
he wanted out of me, and he would never tolerate any hesitation or protesting. 
I've always been a total submissive in any relationship I'd been in, but this
time it was all or nothing.

	I was allowed to wear only a leather mask with eye holes and slits for
breathing.  I was never allowed to put on clothes, not even when he had guests
over.  Master would make me offer food or drinks to his guests, and then make me
act as a table for them to eat off of, sometimes for hours on end.  At first I
was ashamed to be seen like that in front of other people.  The first few months
were the hardest.

	In front of his guests, he would only suggest that he was upset at my
hesitance, but later, when everyone had left, he would tie me up to metal frame,
spread eagled, but standing, and whip me all over my entire body.  With every
stroke of the whip I would feel the pain, and I began to realize that it was the
same pain I caused master when I refused to do what he asked in front of his
guests.  Sometimes in the beginning, he would whip me until I fell unconscious. 
I would wake up sometime later, aching all over.  Aching with the knowledge of
the pain I put master through, and I would vow to never hesitate again.

	And for a few weeks at least, I would be as willing to do anything he
asked immediately without question.  He would test me in the beginning.  Make me
do things he thought for sure I would refuse to do.  Sometimes they were little,
but repulsive tasks.  After he would go to the bathroom, he would make me lick
his asshole clean.  I hated that at first.  I almost refused to do it, but I
knew that my submitting completely to him, I would make him happy, so I did it.

	Little by little the things he'd ask of me would get more humiliating. 
He asked me to go to the store to buy groceries once, and wouldn't allow me to
wear clothes.  I definitely hesitated that time, but I saw the look on his face,
the anger and the pain I caused when I refused, so I gave in.  I wasn't able to
drive, so I had to walk through the neighborhood.  He made me do it in the
middle of the night so I wouldn't meet too many people on the street, and I
would be less visible.  There was no one in the store except for a foreigner
working the counter.  He was too stunned to say anything or do anything once I
walked into the store with no clothes on.  After the whole ordeal was over, I
thought the whole thing turned out to be fun.  I got to please my master, and
the look on the clerks face was a bonus.

	Sex was always great.  I would always be completely dominated, but I
always felt totally safe with master.  He would gag me and tie me up and fuck me
in the ass.  Everything he did was to show his total dominance over me.  To show
me that he could cause me physical pain and that it would give him pleasure. 
That became the overriding theme in everything.  My pain was his pleasure.  And
his pleasure was my pleasure.  So pain and pleasure came simultaneously for me.

	After fucking me in the ass just to the point where he was about to
come, he would pull out and face fuck me.  I was tied up, so all I could do was
just feel his dick slide in and out of my mouth.  I was so hot from being fucked
in the ass, that the taste of my own ass in my mouth was barely noticeable.

	He never came in my mouth; he always pulled out and came all over my
face.  That was always the best part for me.  I loved receiving a piece of my
master.  The warmth of his cum felt like the warmth of his soul all over me.  I
could feel how much he loved me in that moment.

	He never let up after cumming.  He would always whip me, or pour wax on
me in sensitive areas.  He always let me feel more pain after he came, and it
was always great.  With every drop of wax falling on my nipples, or every stroke
of the whip on my back or breasts, it was such a great feeling to know his love
and happiness while still feeling the warmth of his soul dripping down my face. 
It was perfect.

	There was only one time.  One time about a year ago, I doubted
everything.  I couldn't feel love or warmth from my master.  Only pain.  Only
humiliation.

	He took me with him to visit some friends of his.  He told me we were
going to go "play".   His friends were two guys.  I try not to judge my masters
friends, but they didn't look like nice people to me at all.  I was
uncomfortable, but I knew it made master happy to make me uncomfortable, so I
was ok with it.

	I made dinner for the three of them.  It was spaghetti with meat sauce. 
Master made me lie down on my back in front of the TV, and he dumped everything
all over me.  The hot sauce burned my skin, but I took it as another sign of his
love.  All three men ate the food off me while watching TV.  They would stab my
skin with the tines of their forks as they ate, but I was silent.

	After dinner master said it was time to play.  They had been drinking
the whole night and they were clearly drunk, but I was excited.  I always loved
to play with master.

	His friend has a special looking device, which I soon learned they were
going to use with me.  Master made me kneel while they got everything set up.

	My arms were bound straight up above my head.  Over my nipples they
attached suction cups with long wires going off to the device.  Master was in
front of me, but his two friend were somewhere behind me.  I couldn't see what
they were doing.

	Master took off my mask, and told me to open my mouth.  He began to sex
my face with the same vigor his usually does.  His dick goes all the way back
and begins to go down my throat and then he pulls out and rams in again.  He has
done this so many times, I didn't even have to try to suppress a gag reflex.  I
just took it.  Without warning, I felt a wave of shocks go through my body from
my nipples.  The pain was intense and as a reflex, my jaw closed.  My jaw closed
right onto my master's penis!

	He cried out in pain and pulls away from me.  I felt so horrible; I
wanted him to punish me immediately.  I wanted to take all of his pain into me. 
The hurt angry look on his face made me want to die.

	After what seemed like forever, he stood up and walked back over to me. 
I knew I would be punished, and I welcomed it.  I wanted it so bad.  He moves
behind me to where the other two men are, and I can't see any of them.  They
talk about sometime, in whispers so I can't hear.  Finally, after another
eternity, someone walks back into my vision.  It's not master.  It's one of his
friends I didn't like the looks of.

	I hear master voice from behind me, and he tells me to open my mouth, so
I do.  I was expecting to me face fucked by the man in front of me, but instead,
he turns around and sticks his ass in my face.  I hear master's voice warn me to
not move, just keep my mouth open.  I could still keenly feel all the pain I
must have caused master, so I complied without any thought of disobeying.

	His friend whose ass was in my face begins to shit.  Right into my
mouth.  I had licked master's ass clean before, but this was so much worse.  The
smell filled my nostrils and the taste was so bad.  It was warm and filled up my
whole mouth and began to spill down my chin.  I nearly threw up right then, but
the sound of my master's voice again brought me back and calmed me.  He told me
to not move.  Just kneel there.  My arms were bound, so I didn't know exactly
where I could go even if I wanted to.

	Suddenly I felt a sting across my back.  A whip.  The pain was stinging. 
I could feel it all throughout my body.  It was just what I needed.  The pain. 
The punishment.  The whip came again and again.  It made me forget the mouth
full of shit.

	The whip didn't stop, but I was aware of someone in front of me.  I
wasn't sure who, I had my head back to keep the shit from dribbling out.

	The person in front of me grabbed my hair, hard.  He opened up my mouth,
and started jamming his dick in.  The shit was forced out of the way, some down
my throat.  I was being fucked in my mouth, with a mouth full of shit.  I was
beyond the throwing up point, but for some reason, I just didn't.  I took it
all.  The whipping from behind never stopped, and the thrusting of the dick into
my mouth repeatedly didn't stop either.
	
	After a minute of deepthroating with a mouth full of shit while being
whipped violently across my back and ass, I got used to it.  As used to it as
one can get, but it was no longer as bad as that initial thrust.  Just as that
thought crossed my head, another blast of electricity raged through my nipples. 
My body convulsed with the pain, and my jaw closed again, but this time, there
was no dick in my mouth while it happened.  The electricity didn't stop.  The
shocks and the pain kept coming.  My body bounced and jiggled involuntarily from
the pain and the shocks, but that didn't stop the whip.  The whipper moved to my
front and proceeded to whip my stomach, breasts and face.  The pain was rapidly
increasing.  I felt my master's anger in every shock that went through my
nipples, and in every blow of the whip.  Just before I thought I might pass out
from the pain, the electricity stopped.  I hung from the bonds holding my arms
up into the air, unable to support my own weight.  There was nothing but pain. 
The shit in my mouth had found its way out for the most part, but there was
still that lingering awful taste.  My whole body continued to shudder from the
shocks.  Tears had streamed from my eyes and clouded my vision.

	I could feel the grand retribution taken for causing harm to my master. 
Once again, master's voice rang out, clearing the cloudiness from my head.  He
asked if I was ok, and I replied weakly that I was.  He wanted to know if I
could go on or not.  I didn't know what to say.  I was happy that I had been
punished, but I didn't think I could take anymore.  I thought I would die.  I
said I didn't know.

	He untied my arms and helped me to stand.  He was so understand.  I was
so happy.  He led me to the table and told me to lie down, and get some rest. 
The last thought before I fainted was of how much I loved him.

	When I came to, I was strapped down to the table, spread eagled on my
back.  I tried to move my arms and legs, but they were held firmly in place.  My
head was hanging over the edge of the table, so I could see behind me, but there
was no one there.  I lifted my head with great effort, and saw down at the other
end of the table, all three men were standing, talking.  Master looked over and
saw that I was awake.  I heard him tell the others that it was time to start.

	He told me that my punishment wasn't over, not by a long shot.  I was
afraid.  I thought I had already been punished.  I cried out to him, but he
didn't listen.

	That electric device had been attached to my feet.  Under my toenails to
be exact.  My body was still all red and sore from the last time.  Master told
me to put my head back and open up.  I did as I was told.  He stuck his dick in
my mouth, his balls covered my nose and my eyes.  His penis wasn't hard.  He
told me he was going to shock me, and ordered me not to close my mouth.

	Before I could even mumble out a reply, blinding pain came shooting up
from my feet.  It was much harsher than before.  I felt my jaw muscles try to
close as a reflex, but I managed to hold my mouth open by trying to scream. 
Through all the pain coming from my feet, I was hardly aware of anything else,
but when it abruptly cut off, my mouth was full of warm liquid, and I could feel
a constant stream of it coming in.  Master was peeing in my mouth.  He held my
head up, so it was perpendicular to the ground, and my open mouth formed a mice
bowl to hold pee in.  He kept peeing until it filled up and began spilling out
all over my face.  Some went up my nostrils, and everywhere else till my whole
head was soaked in his urine.

	He told me to close my mouth and hold it in.  I did.  This was not
anything like before.  This time, it was my master's pee in my mouth.  I gladly
held it in.  It was like his gift to me.

	He told me that if I let any spill out, he would have to punish me much
more severely than before.  I understood.  I would never spit it out.

	He said if I thought I couldn't handle it anymore, that I should just
swallow it.  Almost before I could even think about nodding my head in
acknowledgement, I felt one of those yellow plastic whiffle ball bats come
crashing violently into my breasts.  The pain was so sudden and shocking that I
almost spit out master's urine.  Before the intense pain even had a second to
sink in, a second came down.

	The blows rained down in rapid succession.  Master's two friends were
trading turns hitting me.  My breasts were on fire from the beating.  I wanted
to scream, but my mouth was full of piss.  I don't know how many times they hit
me with the bat, but it started to go beyond pain that I knew I deserved and
wanted, into just empty, harsh pain.

	The blows continued to rain down, but in different places, all across my
stomach and legs.  Every one a full force blow, and every one bringing more pain
to what I thought was as much pain as my body could possibly feel at once.  My
body strained at its bindings.  My back arched and thrust up and down in an
involuntary effort to be free.

	The intense pain from the electricity flowed through my feet once again. 
Adding to the already unbelievable beating I was taking from the bats.  My body
convulses even now when I think about it.  From the addition of the electricity,
every muscle contracted at once, and I swallowed my mouthful of piss.

	Finally I could open my mouth and scream with all the pain coming in.  I
screamed, loud and long.  And as the screamed died in my mouth, I felt a dick
slide in.  I was sure I must be bleeding from all the blows with the plastic
bats, but they kept coming all the same.  The electric shocks came in short
bursts.  Every time making my body jump.  I was losing consciousness from all
the pain when the blows stopped.  I was just barely on the edge of
consciousness.  Hardly aware of the dick sliding in and out of my throat. 
Hardly aware that I had thrown up and it was all over my face and hair.

	Reality was just pain.  There was nothing else.  No sensation other than
complete and total pain.  No thoughts came except for one, the last thought I
remember before passing out.  I'm going to die.

	But of course, I didn't die.  When I woke up, I was in master's bed,
back in his house.  My body was bandaged in all the places I had been cut.  I
still ached all over, but it was nothing compared to all the pain.  I was scared
to death of him for a while after that.  But he was gentle then.  He nursed me
back to a full recovery.  There were hardly any permanent marks left.  He talked
to me every day, and apologized once.  The fear gradually subsided, and the
familiar feelings of love and admiration returned.

	Our life went back to the way it had been before.  He still whips me and
tortures me during sex, but it's that old loving pain again.  I orgasm heavily
when he whips me now.  I love him for it.  I would do anything for him.  There
was just that one time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Call me Sam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





