BDSM Library - Forcing Desire




Forcing Desire
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: ...a rape story about a crime of opportunity.
"Forcing Desire"

Shit, I thought as I wandered the streets.  I didn't have a dime to my name and
I needed the cash just to get me through the week or I'd be starving by payday. 
My crappy job kept me employed but it didn't do nothin' after that.  I'd live, I
knew that, I wasn't used to scraping by like this, not after having such a
killer job before.  But, you know: the layoffs hit as soon as the "dot coms"
started failing and I was the new kid on the block and got axed before I even
had 12 months behind me!  The unemployment check was more than 10 days away and
I was moonlighting at a local bar serving drinks until I got the next check.  I
was making too much money to collect unemployment but screw them!  I needed the
money more than the government needed it!  After all, this is democracy, right? 
LOL!

Well, I thought I'd make it on the little crumbs in tips I was given but it was
running short and the rent was due last week.  Now, I'm walking in the dark, no
place to go, nothing to do, and looking at getting evicted after holding down a
job clearing $80 grand 30 days ago!  Shit!

I knew what I was doing even before I got in the neighborhood: I was casing
places again.  I had left my criminal past (petty theft, nothing bigtime) behind
me when I got the call for the programming position but all that seems like
ancient history now.  Now I'm walking in someone else's neighborhood and looking
at cars, trying to judge which ones belonged to the people with the best stuff
behind unlocked doors.  I had never done a burglary before but it looked like
the time to start was now.  Oh well, what the fuck.  All I need is a few bucks
and a bit of luck to get me back on my feet again.

A Lexus caught my eye right away.  This one looked loaded so I tried the door
and luck smacked me in the head when the alarm started blaring like a banshee. 
Thank goodness for all the false alarms on these damned things!  I was walking
slowly away from the car when the owner turned the alarm off by remote control,
never even looking outside to see if it was a real problem.  Idiot.

But that little thrill pretty much got me unwilling to try another car.  There's
no way to tell if they have alarms or not.  Maybe I'd try for the brass ring;
maybe there's a window open somewhere with a "come and get me" sign over the
jewelry box or somethin'.  I was worth a try.

This time, I spotted a better bet than before: a pretty home, nice sedan
outside, well-kept lawn and shrubbery.  With the weather warmer than usual,
there had to be a window open to allow the cooler nighttime air inside.  And
there's always some fool who'll leave the window open when they're not at home.

Looked like people were in this house, tho.  With the car outside, even with no
lights inside, I was not going to risk a bold entry, even if I saw one.  And
wouldn't you know?  There was one!  The side window was indeed open and there
wasn't even a screen over the sash frame!  I looked around a bit and didn't see
anyone checking me out so I wandered slowly towards the house, trying to appear
as though I was going home or planning to ring the bell.  At the last moment
before I hit the stairs, I turned off and slipped quietly along the side of the
house and towards the promising window.

There was nothing but moonlight to see with so I had to be careful not to step
on anything that would make noise but I managed.  When I got there, I was
totally stoked: the room behind it was mostly visible through an open, frilly
curtain and it showed a bedroom with all the earmarks of a female's room.  As
soon as my eyes adjusted to the light, I was surprised to see that this was the
gold mine I was hoping for.  There was a tree with what looked like pearls
hanging from it, a box next to it (surely with rings and more stuff), a "boom
box" stereo on a shelf with dozens of CD's on it, and a jar with all sorts of
change in it - none of it looking like pennies.  This was just what I needed!

I checked out the 'hood again and didn't see anyone, not even lights from most
of the houses. So I leaned into the open window and looked a bit closer.  Under
it was a bear rug - nothing to get in the way after I slid through the window. 
It was too dark to see everywhere in the room but this opportunity looked too
damned good to pass on so I boosted myself up and into the open window, then
into the room.  My silence committing my first break-and-enter shocked even me! 
This may be something I need to think about in the future but, for now, I needed
to get some cashable stuff and get it fenced before tomorrow afternoon.

I was all the way to the dresser with the pearls when I heard the quietest
snore.  I stopped in my tracks and almost deafened myself with my own heartbeat. 
In the darkest part of the room was a bed with someone in it!  I didn't know if
it was one person or two but I was just about to get the hell outta there where
the person in the bed moved and the covers slid back a bit.  It was right then
that I knew I was really in trouble.

The sheets fell away from a topless sleeping woman.  She was beautiful: looked a
little over 5', maybe 120 or 130 lbs, and great looking long, brown hair.  But
her breasts!  Damn, I was feeling a throbbing sensation in my pants long before
I realized why.  Those breasts were perfect.  Just plain fuckin perfect!  About
32 or 34 was my guess but full and firm, even while she was on her back.  I
couldn't even guess what her age may have been but I knew she was something I
wouldn't kick outta bed, not in this lifetime!  Her legs were parted slightly
beneath the rest of the sheet so I was overwhelmed with curiosity about what lay
between them.  I was certain it was something mighty sweet!  Her waist was small
and she had curves in all the right places.  Before I knew it I was walking
towards her.

This was madness; I knew that.  But I felt compelled to get closer, just close
enough to smell her hair.  And her hair was my undoing.  I just barely got close
enough to feel it against the skin on my cheek when her eyes fluttered open. 
Even in the moonlight I could see the instant fear in those beautiful green
orbs.  She opened her mouth and was just about to scream when I realized I was
going to spend a long time in some cell for this and I didn't get the jewelry
either!  In less than a second, I was pissed and I slammed my hand over her
mouth, stifling the scream before its birth.

"Shut up", I whispered.  "I won't hurt you as long as you just stay quiet as a
mouse.  You understand?"

She nodded a 'yes' and I relaxed a bit.

"You know, I was just in here to get some hawking stuff and I didn't see you. 
But when you flaunted off those tits, well, I just needed a closer look, baby!"

She started to squirm and I quickly lay on top of her, the sheet and the massive
hardness in my jeans between us.  I pushed one of her legs away from mine and
they both opened like a slut in heat.  Did she want to get it?  She looked a
scared as a trapped mouse but she wasn't struggling a bit and I was getting
confused signals here.  Look, I've never raped a girl and I wasn't into that. 
But, hey, if she wants to get it, I'll be glad to give it to her, give it to her
hard.  I wanted it now and I was looking for a way to get it so I said,

"I'll just take the jewels and cash but you need to stay quiet, OK?"  I almost
grinned as I slowly released her mouth and she lay there immobile under me.  And
I didn't even know I was gonna do it before I did but I did it anyway: I started
to climb off her and slid a knee up between her legs as I got up.  When it hit
her crotch, she gasped, her eyes got wider and she uttered a small squeak.  I
brought my hand back down fast and lay down on her again, this time with my full
weight.

"Bad girl!  I told you not to make any noise, didn't I?"  And with that, I
pulled the sheet from between us with my other hand as I lifted my body just
enough to let it slide by.  And then I got to see the rest of the bitch: Fuckin
A!  Hell, Fuckin A+!  She was wearing a small pair of light-coloured panties
with a bit of lace at the top.  But the part that pushed me over the edge was
the wetness at the bottom of them, where I had pushed my knee.  It wasn't a
runny mess like she'd pissed herself; it was a full soaking like she was so
excited she was going to burst.  I looked up into her eyes and she sighed before
closing them.

"Oh. It's like that, isn't it?  You know you want it.  You fuckin need it, don't
you?"  I still had my hand over her mouth so I couldn't tell what she was saying
even if I wanted to. I didn't.  This bitch wanted to be fucked as much as I now
wanted to fuck her.  I didn't give a shit about the money I needed right then. 
Right then I wanted to slam some cock up this pussy that was wet just for me!

I ran my free hand down her side and between her legs, lifting myself just
enough to get access to her twat.  And there, my hand got soaked with that
unique wetness from a woman.  There is no way to mistake it when a woman wants
it; her pussy tells you loud and clear.  Now I could even smell her arousal and
when I looked into her eyes again, I saw she was crying.

"Aww, come on, baby.  There's nothing to be ashamed of.  Everybody needs to get
laid now and then.  And it looks like your time is now, doesn't it?" I said with
a small smile.

Only then did she move to stop me.  A bucking of her hips, a sharp jerk of her
arms and she almost got free.  Almost.  I had to move quickly but it wasn't too
hard to hold her, not with my weight so much greater than hers.  I didn't even
need to remove the hand nestled firmly up between her legs; I let it gently
kneed her entire pussy area, gathering more and more of that sweet stickiness.

"Look, babe", I said as compassionately as possible.  (I couldn't believe
'compassion' was a word vaguely applicable in this situation but I was still
trying to fool myself into believing I wasn't really a rapist - not yet, at
least).  "There's nothing you can do to stop me and I know what I want.  So, it
just might make it a little easier on you if you just relax and take it.  All
women take it.  It's just the way they're made, honey.  The only difference
between what you're gonna get now and what you get other times is the fact that
you're getting it from me and you don't wanna give it to me.  So, technically,
it doesn't matter if you're wet as a fuckin waterfall.  I'm raping you no matter
what.  You ain't a whore for having a body that works, you know!"

The look of horror just grew on her face and as I finished my little 'pep talk',
she returned to the futile struggle to free herself.  Working at it with renewed
purpose, she tried to kick, bite, punch and head-butt me.  All were useless for
her but great for me.  No matter how little I thought of myself as a guy who'd
fuck a girl even if she didn't want it, I was still massively turned on by her
struggling under me.  My cock was viciously hard and just begging for relief! 
Still, I hesitated and the weirdest thing happened: nothing.  Her struggles
stopped abruptly and she looked into my dark blue eyes with her tear-clouded
green ones. We stared at each other for a full 2 minutes or so - neither of us
moving a muscle.  Then she closed her eyes, turned her head to the side, and
completely relaxed.  Thinking it was a ploy to get me to relax as well, I
remained alert and primed to do "the deed" as soon as I felt the need to start.

Then the second weirdest thing happened: she looked back into my eyes while
biting the bottom left side of her lip and actually arced her back slightly
towards mine.  At the same time, the wetness between her legs became a very hot
wetness and I could feel her pussy barely undulating under my cupped hand.

I had her firmly trapped now (A hand holding both of her wrists together while
my fingers were intertwined in her long hair meant that she couldn't move any of
them without causing herself some serious pain).  I pulled my hand from her
pussy and lay down on her completely, rubbing the swollen head of my cock
against her pussy's lips through my jeans.  And her struggling started
immediately.  I thought I had it figured now: she knew what the act entailed and
instinctively tried to fight it, prevent it from beginning.  And, like before,
the movements she made just spurred me on all the more.  With my free hand, I
opened my belt, unzipped my jeans, and pulled them away to free my straining
prick.  Now, bringing my weight back down on her brought my bare cockhead into
direct contact with her dripping pussy and it nearly drove me wild with passion. 
I almost slammed into her right then but I restrained and surprised even myself
to say,

"What's your name, baby?"

"Fuck you!" was the bitter response I got and she tried to kick my balls again. 
Forcing her legs a bit wider apart, the desire to pound into her was almost
overpowering.  Still I refrained.  And, once again, she stopped fighting the
inevitable and looked deeply into me eyes.

Then the "missing piece" hit me: never once had she said 'no' or 'don't' or
anything much at all!  What the fuck was that all about?  Putting some guesses
together, I asked her name again and got the same response.

"OK", I said, "I can wait as long as you can so let me know when you want to
tell me your name."  This brought a large frown to her face and she almost
seemed to be pleading with me.  Then, there was the return of her arced back,
this time, presenting a tantalizing rub of her inner pussy lips across the head
of my cock.  I gasped in surprise but remained motionless and silent.

"Desiree".

Desiree!  Wow, did her name fit her perfectly!  She was everything I had ever
imagined a "Desiree" to be.  I don't know.  Maybe there was something I just
barely missed grasping a long, long time ago.  Anyway, I loved her name and I
loved the body attached to it a hell of a lot right now, that's for sure.

"Thanks you for telling me, Desiree.  I wanted to know who I was raping before I
start to fuck you."  I said it with a wry smile and didn't mean it to be scary
or intimidating.  And she didn't seem scared anymore, anyway.  She just didn't
want to get raped in her own bed, in her own home right now.  I was getting
closer to the realization she was going to get exactly that, anyway.

Desiree closed her eyes again and started to struggle for her virtue, knowing
she was going to lose it tonight no matter what she wanted.  This time I didn't
even begin to start fucking her and she stopped immediately, looking at me with
that weird pleading look again.  Talk about mixed signals!  What was she saying
with her body that she refused to say with her mouth?  The look of puzzlement
must have shown on my face because, when Desiree arched towards me this time, it
was with purpose: her breasts pressed up against my chest; her legs opened much
wider; her face tilted upwards and her cunt slid the entire length of my
hard-on, leaving me almost was wet as she was.  Then the bells went off.

"You don't want to fuck, do you?  You want to be raped!  You don't want to give
me shit but you're willing to accept the fact that I can and will take it from
you, right?"

Silence.  But Desiree was panting visibly and, with her face flushed enough to
see in the tender moonlight; she frowned again, squirming her entire body
against mine.

I ripped open my shirt, wanting to feel her ridged nipples against my bare skin. 
I kicked away the last of the sheets and blankets from around us.  I pried off
both shoes using opposite feet and slithered completely out of my pants. 
Desiree struggled mildly, just barely enough effort to keep me working at
holding her down, just barely enough effort not to get free or prevent me from
getting ready to fuck her.  None of this was lost on me and I was getting far
too excited to care about become a "gentleman rapist" anymore.  All I wanted now
was to rape this little bitch as long and as hard as I possibly could.

"I'm going to fuck the shit outta you, Desiree."  I said that with true venom,
wanting her to hear the intensity of my threat and know it was as serious as it
sounded.  And now she struggled mightily, using all her meager assets to fend
off the rape.  She voiced wordless accusations that did nothing but spur me on.

I brought the head of my wooden cock up to the top of her pussy and rubbed it
all the way down to her ass, leaving a thick trail of her excitement all along
her inner thighs.  I tightened my grip on her hands and covered her mouth again
as I brought my cock up and away from her, positioning it for the thrust that
would turn me into a felon and her into a cum-filled victim.

And I froze.  I just couldn't do it.  I wanted it.  Fuck, I wanted it in the
worst way!  But I wasn't a fuckin rapist!  What the hell was I doing?  I
loosened my grips on her mouth and hands and was stunned to hear her speak
again:

"Please."

I was sure I know what that meant.  I have no clue what that meant.

"Please."

Talk about mixed signals?  This was an entire universe of mixed signals!  But I
waited for more, hoping it would come.  The look of pain on Desiree's face was
heartbreaking agony.

"Please.  I..." (crying now) "I... can't... let you..."  Her voice was lost in
sudden heavy sobbing.  If I had just looked at her right then, I would have
probably released her immediately and held her like a child.  But I was still
feeling her pushed as hard against me as she could manage.  I finally let go of
the logic and the urges and hissed at her:

"You haven't gotten anything to cry about yet, cunt.  But you will now".

And with that, I pushed forward with a fury I didn't know I could muster. 
Desiree's wetness saved her from being ripped open like a sun-ripened peach and
saved me from probably tearing a layer of my cock's skin off as well.  I went
into her completely, nothing slowing my momentum until I felt her cervix slam
into the brick-like head of my prick.

We both gasped loudly, staring into each other's eyes.  The shock of the molten
heat within her was mind numbing.  And the pain culminated by my violent
penetration into her most tender womanhood had to have stunned her badly.  Time
froze while we grasped the magnitude of the rape beginning.  But I was first to
recover and, now completely through with my "kinder and gentler rapist" episode,
I pulled back from her and rammed my cock home again, trying to do it even
harder this time.

Desiree went ballistic.  There was no holding back now.  She was in full defense
mode and working every muscle to stop me from continuing.  But, like I said
before, she didn't have a chance and we both knew it.

At first, I lay down with all my weight on her and fucked her hard and fast. 
The sounds of our bodies slapping against each other was much louder than the
grunts involuntarily issuing from me and the groans crushed out of Desiree. 
Enraptured by the absolute beauty of seeing her exquisite body being fucked
without mercy: her breasts flailing wildly with nipples hard as marbles; her
facial expression of pure torment changing with each new thrust; the sweat
forming at her hairline and along her upper cheeks.  All of it spurred me on.

With so much pent up passion, I was sure I'd cum in her within seconds, minutes
at the most.  But there was nothing pushing all the right buttons for that; all
I wanted was to feel that tight, wet passage my cock was forcing open with a
regularity of clockwork.   Desiree didn't seem to change much overall: she
didn't struggle any more or less, nor did she seem to lose her constant flow of
lubricating juices.  Being brutally raped didn't appear to make her feel any
less fuckable but she wasn't about to concede to getting it without a fight,
either.

Tiring, I slowed the rhythm of my thrusts to a slow but violently hard pace. 
The smacking sounds of our groins meeting viciously became something of a
mantra, almost inviting the addition of animalistic sounds.  Indeed, I was an
animal then - no hint of lovemaking to be found in the primal fucking I was
administering Desiree.  Just primitive motions: one giving vehemently; the other
taking unwillingly.

Still with no hint of the release I so wanted so desperately to gush into
Desiree's cunt, I was exhausted.  I pulled back from Desiree's pinned body and
rested my weight on my elbows, looking down at the girl I had raped.  Covered
with sweat, I didn't have a single thrust left in me but I felt a satisfaction I
was ashamed of.  This was good and I wanted it more than this once.  I didn't
care if it was Desiree or some tramp walking the streets or some mother bringing
dinner home to her children.  I wanted to shove my prick up any pussy while
holding the bitch under me.  Gone was the urge to "screw and cum".  Say hello to
the urge to pummel a cunt for all it's worth just to feel it wrapped around my
meat.

As these thoughts sauntered through my head, I didn't notice when Desiree
stopped struggling and started looking at me again.  Now the look on her face
was changed: Desiree looked like she was almost relieved, but not quite.  I
didn't give a fuck about figuring that out since I was sated in a new way and
loving it.  I tried to get off her, pulling back my hips to let my still-ridged
cock slip from her fucked hole but Desiree surprised me more than ever before. 
This time she wrapped her legs around my ass, pushing her heels into my hips,
pinning me on her, inside her.  Then she did the unspeakable: she milked my cock
with the muscles of her pussy's walls.  She did it deliberately, firmly.

"Desiree, what the fuck are you doing?" I almost laughed at her.

"Please don't".

OK, this was just too fuckin weird for words...

"Please."

I slowly shook my head and smiled at her beseeching expression.

"I need... more."

My jaw almost fell off my face.  I had raped this girl in the middle of the
night, in her own bed, after breaking into her home for petty theft.  I had
fucked the shit out of her (as I'd promised to do!) and she was beggin' me for
more!

"Are you fuckin crazy?" I started.

"Pleeessseeee!  I... didn't... make it... yet."  She said this with all the
conviction of a child asking for a favour for the first time.  And the girl I
had raped as hard as I possibly could finally cracked open my heart.  I didn't
know what I could possibly do for her.  There wasn't more rape in me and I
wasn't even thinking about roughing her up, not even for her own pleasure!  She
solved the conundrum without words.

Desiree relaxed her arched body and went totally limp under me.  I was far too
tired to suspect a trick although this is exactly what I should have expected. 
I just let go of her hands and she released my hips, allowing me to slip from
inside her.  She smiled ever so slightly and pushed on my chest while sitting
up.  I let her and we sat face-to-face on the sweat-drenched bedding.  Then
Desiree moved, slowly, to her knees and guided me onto my back where I had raped
her.  Moving over me, she pinned my hands in exactly the same manner I had
pinned hers.  And, with her free hand, she reached between our legs and guided
her still soaked pussy over my still rock-hard cock.  As we came together and I
felt her now familiar lips, Desiree looked up from the imminent penetration,
removed her hand, and slapped my face so hard it rattled my teeth while dropping
her entire weight onto my lower body, slamming my cock into herself harder than
I had slammed it into her.  The return of the "shocked gasp" followed quickly by
rage morphing into fury.  I hissed "You fucking CUNT!" at Desiree and used my
superior masculine strength to break free of her grip on my hands only to scream
like a child when it tore at my hair.  Her fingers had gripped both my wrists
and my medium length hair just as I had gripped hers but she hadn't been stupid
enough to try to pull away!  The pain brought tears to my eyes and I was still
trying to recover when I heard Desiree whisper,

"Now, fuck YOU, you worthless piece of shit!

With that, Desiree rode me like a bull in a rodeo.  And that was exactly what it
was like!  She bounced up and down on my cock with all her weight, ramming it
home again and again - all the while, slapping, punching, scratching, pinching
and spitting on me.  She raped me with the fury I had raped her but her passion
for violence exceeded anything I could have dreamed up in my worst nightmares. 
I bruised within seconds and wasn't even able to buck her off after she pummeled
my guts hard enough to knock the wind out of me.

Surprise, surprise: Desiree fucked me/herself to the point where I was feeling
her moisture increase dramatically.  In fact, I was seriously drenched from her
even as I realized that my elusive orgasm was upon me.  I don't know who
screamed or who didn't but I came so hard I almost passed out while she came
hard enough to almost simulate convulsions.  Wave after wave of spasms coursed
through us both: as one would subside, the other's who peak bringing the first
back to the fore.  For longer than I was conscious of, we came and came,
flooding each other with all the sex with could pump from our bodies.

Desiree fell forward and lay upon my chest, breathing hard and fast, head beside
mine.  In my weakened state, I couldn't even lift an arm, much less her luscious
body off me.  We lay like that until we both fell asleep.

It was still dark when I awoke, Desiree still asleep but now beside me.  I
looked at her that way for a long while, thinking about what I had done to her
and what she had done to me.  I moved her gently to a spot with relatively less
wetness under her, leaving her legs spread enough for me to get a long, loving
look at the first pussy I had raped in my life - the first girl who dared dream
of raping me.

Gathering my clothes, I looked around the room a bit more and saw what I was
looking for.  After I dressed, I went to her open window to look at the place
where I had first gazed upon Desiree's room.  And smiling, I let the note tucked
into the window's sash:

"Sleep with this window open from now on, Desiree".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaJan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





