BDSM Library - Anything For Love




Anything For Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young and naive expat working in Asia will do anything for his beautiful girlfriend, or will he?Life is cheap, but a promise will always be a promise in Southeast Asia. This
  is Habibah's world, and naive expat Paul just doesn't know the rules. Be careful,
  be very careful what you say because money is king here. Money at all costs. 
The lights dimmed in the visitor centre of Pudu Prison. Whilst the crumbling
  former prison awaited demolition, enterprising authorities had opened it up
  to the paying public. After a tour of godforsaken cells and gallows, a small
  cinema showed a rapist tied up to receive twenty-four stokes of the dreaded
  rotan. The rotan, a two-metre cane used in Singapore and Malaysia to hit the
  bare buttocks of convicted prisoners, is never a punishment to be taken lightly.
  The maximum number of strokes is twenty-four, and any more than twelve will
  always mean a skin graft. 
The noise of the first stroke was deafening. Like everyone else in the small
  theatre, Paul jumped in his seat. Women, with handkerchiefs over their mouths,
  muffled their screams. The prisoner was less fortunate; his pain-racked cries
  still heard over the commotion. Paul turned to Habibah, his Malay girlfriend,
  sitting there unmoved as the second stroke slashed across the man's buttocks.
  His hoarse voice roared in Malay, begging Allah for the beating to stop. Two
  visitors got up to leave, their children in tears. The strokes were roughly
  twice a minute, and Paul knew this was going to be one long macabre show. Number
  three was the loudest so far, an incredible blow. Paul's eardrums throbbed.
  The man was now shrieking non-stop. His hair was matted with sweat, and Paul
  could not believe the agony he must have gone through, whatever his crime.
  The camera switched to his buttocks. Blood oozed from three jagged gashes.
  Every women in the cinema screamed, except Habibah who remained placid. On
  the fourth stroke, the man's head whiplashed back to an impoosible angle. Another
  guard came forward to steady his head and stop him breaking his neck. Never
  had Paul heard such noises coming from a human being, and wasn't surprised
  when the convict passed out on number five. The video was stopped, and a note
  flashed across the screen in Malay. Habibah leant over to whisper that the
  man had fainted, and a doctor had had to revive him before the punishment re-started. 
The man looked dazed, his rolling eyes unable to remember where he was. He
  glanced up to see thick ropes around his wrists, and his features slumped as
  he realised. The short break had not helped, and an almighty number six had
  his lips receding back to the gums in terror. My dear God, thought Paul, only
  a quarter of the beating gone. Surely this man could never survive? His heart
  would explode long before the guard had finished. Paul's eardrums felt on the
  verge of bleeding as strike seven sent a shockwave through the prisoner's body,
  his ample belly still wobbling two seconds later. As number eight smashed home,
  Paul watched the guard, wondering what sort of a person could carry out such
  brutality. The prisoner was begging for mercy, his life even, but the blows
  continued to rain down on his tattered buttocks. After stroke ten, the man
  had stopped shaking but continued to howl like a wolf with a leg crushed in
  some cruel trap. The guard was now exhausted and he had to stop for a break.
  As he did, another shot of the man's buttocks showed an unrecognisable mess
  of blood and gored flesh. 
&quot;Let's go&quot;, Paul ordered. 
Habibah didn't even turn. &quot;Shhh!&quot; 
Paul stood up to leave. Only four men, and Habibah, remained. Outside in the
  tropical sun, Paul was shaking. His ears were ringing from the noise, and he
  was amazed to find himself in shock from that barbaric video. He checked his
  watch. Ten minutes had passed. That terrifying beating was still going on.
  Paul was imagining the man when it was all over, his lifeless body being dragged
  to an ambulance, when he heard half-hearted applause from the theatre. At long
  last, the smiling Habibah came out to join him. 
&quot;It's OK&quot;, she said, &quot;I understand&quot;. 
In Paul's Jeep, Habibah explained that the rapist had lost face by crying
  and, even worse, pleading for mercy. She had read that most prisoners are able
  to keep reasonably quiet and accept their whipping like men. She admired the
  guard who could discipline such an evil rapist without mercy. Then, she wished
  she were a man and have the job of steadying the prisoners' heads. She would
  look into their terror-filled eyes and watch them endure horrific, yet deserved,
  suffering. Paul was feeling more and more uneasy at Habibah's commentary. He
  didn't want to even think about the caning, much less discuss it. Habibah,
  though, was on a roll, and her next comment had him hard on the brakes. 
&quot;Paul, how many strokes do you think you could stand without screaming?&quot; 
Habibah did have some funny quirks which Paul put down to culture difference,
  but this was the weirdest so far. 
&quot;About as many as you!&quot; Paul joked hoping to change topic damn fast.
  But Habibah's smile faded to a frown. Paul looked over, surprised to see her
  normally soft face so hard and cruel. 
&quot;Men over fifty and women are exempted from caning, Paul&quot; 
Habibah was Malay-Chinese and quite unlike any other girl Paul had met. Not
  that there were many. Her features were classic Chinese but with rounder eyes
  and the darker skin of a Malay. She was just over five feet tall, and her long
  silky black hair and curvy figure opened many doors. He was very average-looking,
  and at twenty-five, had had zero luck with women back in England. His posting
  to Malaysia was a real eye-opener. He lived in a huge house, drove a Jeep Cherokee
  and always felt proud when others gaped at his girlfriend. Whenever, Habibah
  stepped out of her condo complex and into his Jeep, he knew he was one lucky
  guy. In England, he had few friends and no family. He lived alone in his late
  parent's house. Before his two-year contract was up, he would find a job in
  Malaysia, and never return to England. He had never thought about marriage.
  How could he, never having had a real girlfriend? But, he was starting to believe
  Habibah was the one. They kissed a lot, but had never slept together. Paul
  understood that Habibah, as a muslim, forbade pre-marital sex. He would also
  have to convert to Islam, say goodbye to beer and worst of all in his mind,
  be circumcised. A small price to pay for a life with Habibah. 
&quot;Paul, do you love me?&quot; 
They were in a downtown KL Starbucks. Paul was reading an English newspaper
  and did not hear. 
&quot;Paul&quot;, she said an octave higher, poking his broadsheet. &quot;Do
  you love me?&quot; 
&quot;More than life. You know I do.&quot; He said it every time he met her,
  but hesitated for a split second. He could not recall her ever saying it. 
&quot;And you'd do anything for me?&quot; Her face was smiling, but the cruel
  look was back as that word came out: &quot;Convert?&quot; 
That old chestnut was back. If she loved him, what difference did it make
  if he became a muslim? After all, she never prayed and did few of the things
  muslims should. He dared not risk losing her, however, so kept his thoughts
  hidden. 
&quot;Yes.&quot; 
&quot;And the operation?&quot; 
Paul threw his paper down. Circumcision horrified him, and he point-blank
  refused to even talk about it. He would perform all the commitments of a good
  muslim, but on that operation, he was adamant. 
&quot;OK. You know what? Let's talk in your car.&quot; 
Paul opened the passenger door of his Jeep. In Starbucks windows, Paul could
  see a few locals eyeing Habibah's legs as she climbed into his car. He was
  more than lucky, and as he waited for a gap in the traffic, he knew Habibah
  could find another rich expat boyfriend in the flash of an eye. 
&quot;You will forget all about me when you go back to England.&quot; 
Habibah had taken the direct approach, but her tone was sorrowful. It saddened
  Paul to hear her so down, and he caressed her knee. 
&quot;Never.&quot;http://education.yahoo.com/reference/thesaurus/entry/never-ending 
&quot;Well, you show no commitment to me.&quot; She was looking past him into
  a Chinese shop house selling bike parts. &quot;You won't have a circumcision
  operation, that's OK. But I expect a show, a sign, to show you are serious.&quot; 
Paul knew a stronger man would know what to do. He had already waited too
  long to make a gesture of his love. But, he was weak and once again, let Habibah
  take the initiative. 
&quot;How?&quot; 
&quot;Paul&quot;, she faced him, her face now a mask of seriousness. &quot;I
  need to test you. Do you want to hear?&quot; 
No test would be too hard for Habibah's love. He listened on. 
&quot;I want you to take a caning, like the video.&quot; 
Paul waited for Habibah's face to soften into a smile, another of her games. &quot;Twenty-four?
  That man was a rapist. I've never hurt anyone.&quot; 
&quot;I know. That's why I only want to see you take five or six. I can arrange
  it.&quot; 
He had no doubt she could arrange it; she knew a lot of people in the city.
  He had visions of Habibah in her little red dress sitting alone in a viewing
  gallery with her legs crossed as they tied his arms and legs. Maybe she too
  would wear earplugs as she held his head to see him take his beating like a
  man. But how would he face his future wife after such humiliation? Caning takes
  months of recuperation. His arse would be scarred for life. Habibah was clearly
  unstable to suggest such a mad-cap idea. What if she told the guy to carry
  on after six? Or twelve? Even if they did get married, Paul would have to toughen
  up, be the decision maker. That time had come. 
&quot;No&quot; 
&quot;No what, Paul?&quot; 
&quot;I love you, but you're crazy to suggest it. Anything, I'll do anything
  for you, but not that.&quot; He was empowered now, and Habibah was taken aback
  at his new courage. Now, she would stop the games, he thought. 
&quot;OK, stop.&quot; 
Paul steered the big Jeep onto the kerb, ready to argue. Habibah never even
  looked at him, or closed the door as she stormed off. In panic, he drove after
  her before she disappeared amongst the crowd. He was going to get out and run,
  run to get his girl back. But, he held back. What would he say? Her temper
  knew no bounds, and she reverted to shouting in her native Malay in any arguments.
  The locals always took a protective interest when she cursed him in Malay.
  He would let her chill out, and call later. 
Her mobile rang for days. Sometimes it was engaged, or switched off, but never
  answered. After two days, he ventured out to a ritzy nightclub packed with
  Chinese stunners. Paul was too shy, however, and downed beer after beer as
  two Australians chatted up every girl there. But none of them had Habibah's
  warmness. Paul imagined at home in tears, missing him, but too proud to call.
  He was not proud, though. He had to make that gesture. 
Habibah's condo was in north KL. It was a modern apartment block, and he had
  never stood at her door before, let alone gone inside. He had only ever watched
  her coming out, and it took three attempts to find her block. With no numbers
  on doors, he resorted to checking out the shoes in the corridors to find Habibah's
  apartment. There was music and sounds of fun inside. A good sign. He squatted
  down to see Habibah's plain blue shoes, so small and cute. There were the strappy
  high heels he had bought six days after they had met. He nearly wept the first
  time she wore them. They made her taller, slimmer and, in Paul's eyes, a goddess.
  He started unlacing his Timberlands when he saw another pair of shoes. A man's.
  He listened at the door. He could hear laughter and Habibah's voice in English
  and Malay, and then an Australasian, a male's voice. His heart plunged in his
  chest cavity. She was not missing him. He knew she could have any expat she
  wanted, but as his sweaty hand wiped away tears, he realised this one had been
  invited into her apartment. He would have loved an invitation. Just to see
  where the woman he loved lived, ate breakfast and slept would have been heavenly.
  But, unlike the Australasian newcomer, he had never made the grade. The road
  home was blurred through his tears, and he finally had to pull over and let
  himself go. His dreams in pieces. Habibah had gone. 
Two months of sitting in bars lasted an eternity. He had been to their old
  haunts, but she was nowhere to be seen. The way Habibah had laughed with him,
  just didn't happen with the Chinese girls he approached. He would phone her
  mobile, more to give the impression he had friends rather than think she might
  answer. Every bar had expats and locals having a great time. A few expat-local
  couples would stare out of restaurant windows at the solitary figure. He searched
  out bars that were not too full, with TV screens or newspapers so he did not
  have to stare at any more people having fun. Over another unwanted beer, he
  knew his loneliness had never gone so low. His wretched existence in England
  was better than this charade. His only consolation was the Australasian would
  probably have to go through a Habibah trial too. Would it be converting to
  Islam? Maybe Habibah knew caning terrified Paul, but the mystery man would
  have a different phobia to conquer. Yes, his unseen rival must have had a challenge,
  and until he had completed it, Paul still had a chance. 
For two hours, he stared at the text message. &quot;Sorry, I love u&quot;.
  Should he abbreviate the last word? Would Habibah think it cool or just more
  laziness? His first draft was a whole paragraph of reasons imploring Habibah
  to listen. He no longer cared about the caning. He would do anything to hear
  her voice again. Right, he would send the short message. If she did not reply
  by tomorrow, he would pack in his job and return to the UK. His thumb hovered
  over the send button. What was there to lose? He imagined the Australasian
  getting to the text first, only to delete it. Selfish bastard, denying Habibah
  a loving husband. To be sure, Paul would send a message now and another the
  next day. He had not phoned her number for weeks, so had no idea if the text
  would work. He closed his eyes and pressed. An icon spun on the phone's display
  - the text was on its way. It vanished and the words appeared - Message sent. 
Paul sat back drained. He imagined Habibah deleting his message without opening
  it. An Australasian with a wry smile had probably read his feeble words. This
  time next week, he would back in England anyway. He reached for the remote.
  A news report was just finishing, and the ever-present BBC World music blared
  out. An unfamiliar beeping sound joined the tune. His phone! Paul lunged for
  the mobile, his hands shaking as he fumbled for the buttons. You have one new
  message: Habibah. Her reply was brief, mis-typed, but clear and chilling: cning?
  Without a seconds hesitation, he started texting back only for his phone to
  start ringing. It was her! 
&quot;Well, Paul?&quot; Her voice was cold and impatient. 
&quot;Yes, I'll do it.&quot; He wiped his palms against his jeans. &quot;What
  do I have to do?&quot; 
&quot;Oh, Paul.&quot; His heart warmed as he heard the smile in her voice. &quot;You
  don't know what this means. I missed you so much! Can you pick me up tonight?&quot; 
Paul parked at the condo entrance for the usual wait. This time, however,
  for the first time ever, she was already there. She had a huge smile and looked
  so special that Paul knew he had been right to be so patient. In all the surprise,
  he had to rush out to open the passenger door in time. In full view of the
  security guards, Habibah planted a loving kiss on Paul's cheek, and climbed
  into the Jeep. As they headed downtown, she could see he was nervous and rested
  a hand on his thigh. Paul had learnt enough not to rush things. Neither the
  caning nor the Australasian would be up for debate. They had to take it one
  step at a time and rebuild their relationship. 
Paul's Malaysian colleagues were delighted by his new enthusiasm. They had
  complained to London about his punctuality and rolling up at work reeking of
  cigarettes and alcohol. But now, he was arriving first at work. He dressed
  well, and had become by far the brightest spark there. His rapid disappearance
  at the stroke of five each night raised a few murmurs, but with such efficiency,
  who cared? 
He was rushing home to be with Habibah who had moved in four weeks before.
  They made a great couple and Paul never believed anyone could feel so happy.
  Paul knew Habibah well and, like any other couple, knew when she was down and
  made allowances. There were nights out at romantic restaurants, but Paul was
  happy to rush home, get showered and changed , and just be with her. He became
  stronger, more assertive, and was able to make decisions for both of them.
  She accepted his proposal of marriage in a second, hugging and kissing him
  with more passion than ever. They shared the same bed, but until the big day,
  sex would have to wait. Wedding plans dominated all conversations. Paul spoke
  no Malay whatsoever, leaving Habibah to make most of the arrangements. They
  went to open a joint bank account which soon filled up with Paul's chunky expat
  salary, plus a 400 pound monthly payment from his parent's estate. It was going
  to be a great wedding. 
A London-based manager was in that week, so Paul phoned Habibah to say he
  would be late. She knew Paul was busy at work, so had no complaints. She would
  go out for dinner alone, maybe to a Nasi Goreng stall. It made Paul smile.
  Habibah could be as sophisticated as anyone, but was happy eating food fit
  for a coolie. It only made her more endearing as he imagined her alone at the
  roadside with her rice. Paul eventually got home at about 8pm. Habibah was
  still out. He changed into his scruffy lounging gear and cracked open a beer.
  It had been a long long day, and the beer went down in one. As he opened the
  fridge for another, the phone rang. Who else could it be? 
&quot;Paul, please come here.&quot; She sounded distraught. 
&quot;What's wrong, baby?&quot; Paul was horrified to think his love was in
  distress. 
&quot;I can't talk. I am near Brickfields, near the Jalan Rota police station.
  Please come now.&quot; 
She hung up. Her mobile was dead. Shit. He slid into his flip flops and ran
  to the Jeep. The KL traffic was at its usual worst, but Paul's Jeep was bigger,
  and with horns blaring, stubborn drivers moved to let him pass. He knew Brickfields,
  but where was that police station? She had only gone for food. Why was she
  here on the other side of town? He saw the blue concrete office block and swung
  his Jeep into the side road. There she was in his headlights, but looking away,
  expecting him to approach from the main road. She was wearing that tight red
  dress and strappy heels that he had bought. Thank God she was OK. 
Paul's Jeep stopped further down the street. Parking outside was asking for
  trouble in an expat Jeep. He got out and approached Habibah. What was up? Why
  was she looking away? 
&quot;Hi. Are you OK?&quot; 
She spun round, surprised to see him. Her look of shock was replaced by the
  hard stare, no emotion. She grabbed his scruffy t-shirt and thrust her knee
  up into his groin. He was wearing soft shorts and no underwear and doubled
  in agony as Habibah's knee squashed his testicles. She gripped him again and
  raised her knee. This time Paul was ready, cupping his hands over his damaged
  balls. Her face screwed up, however, and she smashed a heel down into his unprotected
  foot. At least two of Paul's metatarsals smashed, and he collapsed holding
  his foot and balls. Habibah ran off towards the guardhouse. She was gone for
  a minute when Paul's alarm bells rang telling him to get the hell out of there.
  He got to his feet, but an electric shock shot through his body as his foot
  wound opened. Both flip flops came off. He was limping terribly, and within
  ten yards he heard footsteps closing in. Someone had grabbed his sleeve. It
  was Habibah. Even in her heels, she had caught up with Paul and his shattered
  foot, and was now dragging him back to the police. She was shouting in Malay
  to two policeman, one with handcuffs. A passing car illuminated Habibah and
  Paul saw, with horror, her smudged make-up and ripped dress. Not only was her
  dress torn, but her bra cup was dislodged leaving her right breast exposed.
  She stepped back to let the policemen bundle Paul to the floor. One policeman
  yanked Paul's arms behind, and he winced as the handcuffs pinched. They pulled
  Paul to his feet. Putting any weight on his injured foot was futile and as
  one of the officers led him inside, he had to hop to stay upright. Habibah
  walked in front of them, clutching her dress together. 
With a kick, Paul's body smashed onto the floor of a dark cell. The steel
  door creaked and then slammed behind him. He struggled to his feet. His shoulder
  now ached where he had landed, still handcuffed. He could not even massage
  his foot or balls. Some of KL's city light filtered in through the rusty bars.
  The cell stunk of faeces and urine. He lay down on the concrete floor, but
  jumped up as a huge cockroach ran down his forearm. He dreaded what horrors
  the cell contained. Like most westerners, cockroaches disgusted him. To drown
  out thoughts of creatures sharing his cell, he stood and looked through the
  high bars to the skyscrapers beyond. He could hear distant traffic and trains.
  On the main road, a group of girls sped by screaming and laughing at pedestrians.
  What was with Habibah now? Paul was going to get very firm with her when this
  latest game was over. 
He had fallen asleep bunched-up against a wall, and woke to the early-morning
  tropical sun burning through the bars. The cell was horrendous. No bed, no
  toilet, just concrete. The floor and walls were smeared with faeces. An army
  of cockroaches went about their business oblivious to Paul's bare feet stamping
  them away. Paul heard voices outside and then some doors opening. An unsmiling
  policemen with a hairy mole on one cheek appeared at Paul's door and threw
  a pair of leg chains. With presumably no English, the man gestured. Paul did
  not understand. How could he put on leg irons? He was still handcuffed for
  God's sake. Two more men appeared, and Paul knew he had better put the chains
  on. He squatted and brought back his legs, yelping when his foot wound scraped
  the floor, and somehow shut the leg irons around his ankles. They then dragged
  him to a truck where six local men, also in chains, stared at him. Paul had
  no idea where they were going, but as he watched the familiar city pass by,
  he knew Habibah would be back when she got bored. 
Paul recognised the old colonial building as a court. Members of the public
  and a family of tourists sat by the grassed square opposite. In full view of
  them, Paul and the six men were led out. He struggled up the courthouse steps
  with his foot further hindered by the chains. With the others, Paul was led
  down some concrete steps and locked in a windowless cell. At least there was
  a toilet and, in front of his cell-mates, Paul sat and relieved himself from
  the beer just the night before. The cell soon became sweltering as the outside
  air temperature rose. What felt like hours in their sweaty prison passed before
  a guard brought in some bags of rice. He spoke good English and explained to
  Paul that they were from the prisoners' families. He had no visitors so would
  have to wait. Paul was getting weak with hunger before the door opened again.
  It was now dark outside, and Paul guessed they had been shut in that cell for
  at least twelve hours. He hopped to the truck, and ended up locked back in
  his cell. 
Next morning, he could not believe Habibah's game was still going. He had
  eaten nothing for forty-eight hours. No one spoke English, so he could not
  ask about his rights, if he had any. So, it was an enormous relief when he
  was led to a meeting room to wait for a visitor. Habibah would appear with
  food, some clothes and a smile. They would laugh about this one day. But Habibah
  never came. Instead, a sweating man, a westerner in a light grey suit walked
  in. He tossed over some pre-packed sandwiches. 
&quot;Harvey Roberts, British Embassy Rep. How are you, Paul?&quot; 
Habibah might have friends with influence, but this latest chapter finally
  struck it home. Not even she could not get a westerner into a police station.
  This man was real. He was in deep shit. 
&quot;What's going on?&quot; Paul's voice was weak. 
&quot;Let me see.&quot; He put on reading glasses. &quot;This is a report
  in Malay. You are charged with sexually assaulting a female, name withheld,
  at 9.15pm two days ago.&quot; 
&quot;That's my girlfriend. We're getting married!&quot; Paul was frantic.
  This had to be a huge cock up. Roberts looked back at the bare-footed Paul
  with half a smile. 
&quot;Well, I'm afraid she's pressed charges.&quot; 
He sounded so matter-of-fact that Paul wanted to whack him. This was the women
  he loved, would be marrying, and this idiot reckoned Habibah had pressed charges. 
&quot;Look, Paul. Here are some leaflets.&quot; He reached round and placed
  them in Paul's cuffed hands. &quot;They explain your rights. Don't worry now
  as none of it applies yet. We can't interfere in another country's legal system,
  but we can make sure you're fairly treated.&quot; 
Paul's scrotum tightened as he realised this man would be no help. &quot;When
  can you help then?&quot; 
&quot;Upon conviction, we may offer an appeal for leniency if a sentence is
  considered excessive. That's all we can do.&quot; 
Conviction? Paul had not done anything wrong. He barely heard Roberts's next
  offering. 
&quot;The good news is, you could be out in fourteen days as Malaysia's legal
  system is extremely fast. I'll be back next week&quot; 
With that, Roberts looked at his watch and was gone. Paul realised he was
  in a nightmare, the type you read about in tabloid newspapers. Another westerner
  rotting in an Asian prison whilst aging parents protest their innocence. But
  Paul's parents were dead. He was glad, in a way. He had a sick feeling in his
  gut, and the one small mercy was that his parents would be spared the heartache. 
Seven more days passed in the filthy cell. Roberts never returned. Paul had
  to take out and throw away his contact lenses which by then were burning his
  eyes. A kindly guard, realising Paul had no money or family, brought him rice
  and fish in banana leaves twice a day. Although Paul knew this was no longer
  a Habibah game, he believed she would turn up and drop the charges. He doubted
  now if they could get back together. He loved her dearly, but her temper was
  out of control. Once this farce ended, he would be back in England. His home
  country seemed so much more inviting. On day ten, the smiling guard brought
  his rice and added, in broken English, that Paul's trial would be in two days.
  Habibah had not dropped charges. He lay on the stinking floor and broke down,
  a defeated man going to hell. 
Alone in the truck, Paul knew where he was heading. After two weeks in that
  dingy cell, the tropical sun felt like fire in his eyes. He squinted at this
  beautiful country, the country he had come to love, and realised he may not
  be seeing such views for a long time. The grassed square was as packed as ever
  with tourists and locals. A small crowd had gathered at the court steps. A
  few were westerners and Paul, without his contact lenses, just recognised the
  BBC logo on a camera. As he approached, the crowd separated to let Paul through.
  A cameras flashed, then another. Shit! He was the news. He had been living
  in faeces for a fortnight without seeing a drop of water. Entering the colonial
  building, he felt appalled, degraded, to think of his disgusting appearance
  splashed across every newspaper in Britain. 
The courtroom was just about the oldest, most-decrepit room Paul had ever
  seen. Two ancient ceiling fans rumbled on, no match for the Malaysian sun.
  A huge clock adorned with roman numerals, no doubt left by the British, ticked
  on. Paul was sat on a small wooden chair in the middle of the court. Through
  blurred eyes, he could make out some policemen and a woman in a tudung, the
  cloth to cover the heads of muslim women, sat at benches on a far wall. A public
  gallery occupied the wall on Paul's left. The bored silence was broken by a
  policeman's laugh as his colleague cracked jokes. The laughter faded, the two
  useless fans took over. So, Malaysian justice was quick, thought Paul as the
  old clock counted the seconds. He wanted to ask for the toilet, but a woman's
  voice shouted out in Malay, and all stood as the elderly Malay judge strolled
  in. 
The judge's opening speech was in Malay, his monotone voice meaningless to
  Paul. It lasted about forty-five minutes, Paul reckoned. One of the policemen
  started to speak, and Paul realised he was answering the judge's questions.
  With a lot of shouting and pointing at Paul, he was obviously one of the arresting
  officers. Mixed in with the strange language, Paul heard Habibah's name many
  times, but he still had not seen her. Where was she? Then, with a wavering
  voice, she spoke. His jaw fell. Shit! She was the woman in the tudung. She
  stood up to project her now weak voice. She coughed and spluttered her way
  through her Malay words, and on two occasions, loud tutting came from the public
  gallery. Paul saw Habibah place both hands on her breasts. Gasps came from
  the public gallery who turned to look back at Paul. Habibah kept stopping,
  to sob and sniff, and the judge stopped proceedings, allowing her to get composed.
  Surely, the policemen saw the way she was dressed that night and realise this
  is one big act? As the crowd rose, Paul feared the worst. 
Paul was led to a cell and fed some cold rice. He thought about Habibah who
  had probably never worn a tudung before. Other Malay women in that courtroom
  had uncovered heads, so it was not some court requirement. When would they
  ask him questions? He could tell all about Habibah, where she lived, all her
  details, to prove she knew him. He thought of a strategy. Be calm. Do not shout,
  just calmly tell the truth. After all, Paul's disheveled look did him no favours,
  so he could try and speak well. And who knew? This could offer a springboard
  to his new life in England. Newspapers would snap us his story. He could write
  a bit, so a book might be in the offing. Fame, fortune and, last but not least,
  revenge. Habibah would be named and shamed, hopefully arrested to spend time
  in a cell. Let us see how those legs look in chains. The judge must be a reasonable
  man who would listen to Paul. If he played it cool, it would work out well.
  Paul was still planning his answers when he was led back to the courtroom. 
&quot;Paul Michael Dixon from England?&quot; Thank God the judge spoke good
  English. 
&quot;Yes. Yes Sir.&quot; 
&quot;You are found guilty of outraging the modesty of Habibah Mohd Aziz,
  on 12 June, which is against the Penal Code 22F. This is not tolerated in Malaysia,
  whether committed by Malaysians or foreigners. You shall receive ten strokes
  of the rotan.&quot; 
Oh Christ! Habibah and her caning. What relief. He could take his caning and
  carry on with her. Well, my love, you got your wish, but things might have
  to change now. 
&quot;In addition, you shall serve fifteen years in prison. At the end of
  your sentence, you will be deported and barred from entering Malaysia again.&quot; 
The plane had sat delayed on the runway for three hours, but at least they
  were nearly underway. They needed this break so much, and what better way to
  spend your fifth wedding anniversary than in Sydney with Chris's family? Habibah
  was relieved the monthly 400 pounds would come through that week as it would
  be an expensive trip. So afraid of flying, she held Chris's hand. A stewardess,
  in a last-ditch effort to pacify irate passengers, handed out free newspapers
  and magazines. 
&quot;Newspaper, Ma'am, Sir?&quot; 
Habibah was too nervous to read, but as Chris had taken a magazine, she opened
  the paper. She flicked through it once before going back to read an Australian
  story. There was a small picture of a westerner on page nine. There it was.
  Such an anti-climax, though. The story she had wanted to see for two years. 
BRIT WHIPPED DESPITE UK PROTESTS 
Paul Michael Dixon, serving fifteen years for outraging a woman's modesty,
  finally received his ten stroke caning yesterday, twenty-four months after
  being sentenced. The caning finally went ahead despite requests for leniency
  from the British Foreign Office, who claim he has shown extreme remorse for
  his victim .... 
Chris smiled at his wife. &quot;Anything interesting?&quot; 
&quot;Not really. Let's enjoy the flight.&quot; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Factory boy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





