BDSM Library - Shopping Trip




Shopping Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance meeting between two people results in a night of fun and a relationship.
Shopping Trip

I close the cell phone in disgust.  The call canceled my appointment with
Mistress Alexis Paine, a professional dominant.  I am here in LA to consult for
an old client, something that I do on occasion since retiring from high tech at
an early age.  I spend summers sailing the Great Lakes and winters in Texas
doing small consulting jobs writing my book and lots of reading.  Texas also
lets me ride my bike all winter, which is important to my keeping in shape.

Now it is going to be one more boring night in the room here at the Embassy
Suites Hotel.  I finished the book "Early Victoria" on the plane. It is the
story of the years before Victoria became Queen at age 19.  I also have with me
a history of the Powell expedition down the Green and Colorado Rivers in the
1870's. Reading has lost its appeal and I and sexually frustrated, as I have
been without release for two weeks in preparation for the domination session.

I'm going to visit the local Dream Dresser and then dinner.  I have been to
their store in Georgetown but never LA.  I always feel out of place in these
kinds of stores.  I like to look at all of those marvelous kinky fashion and
amazing shoes.  I have bought some favorite bondage gear at the DC store
including my inflatable butterfly gag and a leather head trainer with detectable
gag and blindfold.

I don't bother to change and take a quick look in the mirror to see if my tie is
straight, dark blue power suit with the faint red pinstripe, white shirt
(talking to bankers today) conservative tie and black wingtips.  My brown hair
has a touch of gray at the temples and I still have a little of last summer's
tan.  I hope that I have that distinguished look of men in there fifties who
have all of their hair. I am reasonably trim.  I weigh what I did leaving
college 33 years before and all the biking has me toned, but I carry about 10
pounds more than the charts say I should for my 5'11" frame. A quick trip to the
bathroom and a final bit of preparation to prevent embarrassment and I am ready.

I drive the rental car out to the store hating the LA traffic.  I get there at
about 5:00.  I head for the door feeling uncomfortable as I always do when going
into a kinky store.  There is a lady approaching the door from the other
direction wearing a business suit and heels that are slightly to tall for the
conservative look.  She is in her 30's with and about my height in the heels.  I
move to hold the door and she balks saying "No go ahead I've change my mind".  I
offer that I hate going into these places alone and she smiles and says, "Well
we have that in common."  I offer to buy her a drink and we settle for a coffee
at a nearby Starbucks. 

I learn that her name is Lara and I tell her that I'm from out of town and feel
out of place shopping alone.  She comments that the people she sees in Dream
Dresser that have the most fun are the couples.  She looks at my wedding ring
and asks if I am shopping for my wife.  I tell her that my wife does not enjoy
this sort of thing, and that I am going into the store to see all of the neat
things for women and perhaps to find a bondage item or two. We agree to shop as
a couple. 

Two hours later we ready to go.  I had a great time and am buying a leather
discipline helmet with snap on gag and blindfold, bondage mittens, a lock, and a
cock bondage device with lots of small straps and buckles.  She spent much time
in a fitting room and has some article of clothing, its so hard to tell what,
when its not on,. She also has boots, gloves, a hat, an armband, a collar and a
whip.  (The Other World - page 14 of the online catalog.)  I offer to pay and
she declines and offers to buy- we end up buying our own just as we might have
done at a business lunch. 

I am thinking that someone is going to enjoy her purchases and I sure wish it
were me.  As we get to that point on the sidewalk where we must go our separate
ways she asks, "Would you like to help me try these out?" referring to her
shopping bag.  I struggle for composure and manager to stammer out "sure".  We
agree my hotel is best and she follows me back to the hotel.  We park together
and I carry her packages up to my room.

The suite has a small living room separated from the bedroom by the kitchen and
bath area.  She goes into the bedroom and closes the door.  I wait and; not
knowing what else to do; lay out my purchases on the table in front of the
couch.  After a while she says don't look and I hear her heels click on the
bathroom tile and the door close.  My heart pounds on as I wait.

Some time later she comes out and is a vision of the leather goddess of my
dreams.  Her hair is down and her attitude is up as she comes at me aggressively
waving the whip.  Everything fits and flatters her figure.  She is not fashion
model thin; but looks great with lots of curves she would fit right into 'Exit
to Eden'.  I am ready to get down on my knees and grovel at her feet to be near
those magnificent heels.

She glances at my purchases on the table and commands, "Put those on now."

I reach for the discipline helmet and she says, "No strip and into the cock
harness first."

I peel quickly and am soon nude.  She spots the condom on my now erect male
member.

"If you were expecting something you were very wrong," she snaps.

I fumble with the cock harness and explain that I put on a condom to prevent
spotting my suit, something that I have done on past visits to Dream Dresser. 
The cock harness has a strap around the base of my balls and cock, two snap
straps that divide the balls and four constriction straps spaced up the length
of my member.  These I fasten with some tightness.

I put on the discipline helmet over my glasses, I can't see well without them,
and then zip it shut down the back.  The gag and blindfold lay detached on the
table.  I slip on the bondage mittens.

She buckles the strap at the wrists and then tells me to place my hands behind
my head.  With the single lock available; she locks the d-rings at the tip of
the mittens together with zipper tab and d-ring at the back of the helmet.  I am
suddenly helpless and very vulnerable.

"That's better slave, you may now tell your mistress what you think of her
outfit."

I have been sitting on a couch.  I kneel and spend several minutes expressing in
detail the perfection of her appearance.

"What would you do for your mistress," she asks.

"Anything," I reply.

Actually I would be happy just to kiss her heels and feel her whip.  I dream
about being forced to lick her pussy, but my internal conflict begins at once. 
It cannot be done with "safe sex".  My hormones want to lick, my intellect says
no.  I have always wondered what would happen if a powerful woman with a whip
decided for a licking.  Could my intellect hold out over my desires and her
whip?

Neither of these is about to happen.  She has me kneel up and examines with cock
bondage.  It is still rock hard and she tightens several of the straps giving me
even more of the tormented constriction that I love so much. She puts in the gag
and saps it into place.

"Follow," I walk into the bedroom after her.

She snaps on the blindfold.

"Lie face down, I need some practice with this new whip."

"Grunt three times if you get into trouble." She is clearly an experienced
player knowing about safe words.

She uses the whip at all ranges of intensity.  I am sure some of the strokes
were full strength but most are at the pleasure whipping level.  I am having a
ball.  I love the smell of the new leather of my helmet.  I love the sensory
depravation of no sight or speech causing me to concentrate on the swish and
impact of the whip.  I also have the burned in mental image of that fantastic
outfit. 

"Roll over" followed by a further tightening of my cock straps.  More whipping
including some hard stokes to my bound cock.  It's heaven.

She stops and I hear her changing.

"You were fun.  If you would like to switch, meet me tomorrow at 5:00 at Dream
Dresser and wear some leather."

She unlocks and loosens one bondage mitten and before I am free she is gone.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Reverie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





