BDSM Library - The Regime




The Regime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story set in a future time when sexual activity is prohibited by the dictatorship. A young women is taken away and tortured for committing a sexual act. 
THE REGIME by Pauly





The sound of petrol driven engines woke her from her sleep. She continued to lie
there, in bed, for a while, listening to the sounds around her. The continues
roar of the engines, the squeaking and chattering of moving metal parts, the
vibration that could be felt through her sleeping quarters, her bed, as they
drove a long the road made her that the vehicles belonged to the military. She
fractionally opened her eyes and found that it was still dark outside. She
became aware that the air around her was cool and her shoulders, neck, and the
upper part of her breasts were cold. She pulled the blankets up to her neck and
rolled over to the other side of the bed, adjusting the single pillow supporting
her neck and head to improve comfort.  The fact that only the military and the
Police used the combustion engine was a thought that passed through her mind as
the vehicles rattled passed her window. Within seconds the vehicles had passed
her living quarters and were the noise decreased as they continued on their
journey. She tried to put the disturbance behind her and concentrate on sleep.
Any hope of further rest was shattered when light emerged from the small T.V
monitor on a cabinet nest to her bed and heard the female voice over the built
in loud speaker. 



"Susannah it is 6.30am, Monday 9th June 2087. You are required to ready yourself
for work" The loudspeaker blurted. She lie there for several minutes very aware
that the integrated circuits of the monitor enabled the 'thing' on the other end
of the transmission to see and hear everything!

"Susannah Liberty419, it is now 6.33am. Ready yourself for work or you will be
reported" she heard.



Susannah sat up. Aware that her movements could be tracked she pulled the
blankets up to cover her breasts and shoulders. The 22 year-old brunette slept
naked most of the time and was aware that this was strictly prohibited by the
Regime. Grasping the top blanket, she swung her legs over the side of the bed
and stood up. The rough brown blanket covered her from shoulders to feet as she
shuffled her way through a door to her small lounge/ kitchenette, aware that
each room was continuously monitored by the Regime's civilian security section.
Nudity was only permitted in the bathroom where, of course, it was necessary to
strip to in order to take a shower. Even then, there was no privacy, as such, as
an integrated camera monitored (every) room to ensure that no sexually related
activities took place.



The computer programme was 'dumb' enough to be fooled. It was only when an
officer from the (CSS) goes 'on line' that one had to take care. Thus, when that
earlier 'alarm call' from the monitor next to her bed told Susannah that she
would be reported if she did not adhere the order, it really meant that a CSS
from central control would 'take over' from the computer and would personally
take an interest in her. The officers from the CS were well trained and Susannah
knew that he or she would find out that she had been sleeping naked, or anything
else that was illegal. The Civilian Police Section (CPS) would promptly visit,
then no end of shit and punishment would occur.



Susannah entered the tiled bathroom and dropped the blanket on to the floor. She
was 6ft 2inches tall, which took into account her long slender white legs,
narrow waste. The rest of her body was pale in complexion. Her breasts were only
a size 32C, but they complimented her slender figure. Susannah stepped under the
warm water that the shower offered, and picked up the soap. As she washed
herself all over she had to be careful not to lather around her breasts, the mat
of hair above her groin or between her legs too much as that could be construed
by the Civilian Security Service (CSS) as being an act of masturbation!



Wearing her knee length black pleated skirt, flat black shoes and a white
blouse, Susannah left her living quarters and made her way on foot to her work
place. Susannah, or Suzie as she preferred to be known to her friends, lived in
a small settlement called Wintonia, a suburb of Newsouthamptonshire on the south
coast of Great Britain. The accommodation, which supported 2500 people,
consisted of mainly small single storey prefabricated buildings like her own and
provided a simply furnished bedroom, lounge/kitchen and shower room. Whilst sex
and nudity were banned, there were still Some larger living quarters which
catered for families with children. Suzie was aware that these quarters were
closely monitored with couples sleeping in the same bed, or two single beds, not
allowed to copulate and not allowed to be naked!    



Suzie worked for a branch of the National Regime Historical Offices, and had
done so since she left education at the age of 18 having graduated with a
history qualification from the Regimestoke Educational Foundation. She loved her
mum Rita, 42 and dad, Tom, although it was unlikely that he was her natural
father as, under the Regime International Control of Population Act 2040, all
women who wish to bear a child had to be artificially impregnated. To her
horror, Suzie found out later through the nature of her work that whilst the
male partner, when permitted, would make a sperm donation at the medial unit, it
would be swapped for a more superior sperm by the Regime, if the health or IQ of
the women's chosen partner did not suit the Regime's criteria!



Suzie was made aware at school, from the age of 13 that sexual activity of any
kind was wrong, immoral, taboo, and against the ruling of the Regime. The school
also organised and encouraged sex hate groups where students were encouraged to
rant and show their allegiance to the regime. It was also no secret that
previous generations of men and women that fell under the RICP Act of 2040 had
been given drugs to fully suppress sexual activity and desire, and male subjects
were only allowed to produce sperm, if required to do so, under laboratory
conditions. However, an amendment to the act meant that 'The Third Generation'
as it was known (of whom Suzie was one) did not have to take the sexual
repressive drug. The official line given by the Regime was that education
provided would satisfactorily suppress sexual need and expression. To others,
who did not dare to speak in public or question the Regime's actions, it was
regarded as an experiment.



As for the Regime itself, Suzie learned through her work at the National Regime
Historical Offices, that the organisation became known in the year 2020.
Information at the NRH office indicated that there was a deadly virus that wiped
out over three quarters of the world's human population, except central Asia,
from the year 2005 to 2010. Rumour had it that a dictatorial country (the
regime) that hadn't been affected by the virus took advantage of the situation
and invaded the remainder of the world over a 10-year period. Suzie had read in
the archives that even world super powers of their time had been weakened so
much that they too fell to the dictatorship that would dominate the world. As
for the sexual repression that followed; it was simply a policy to control 'the
work force' as the Regime believed that sexual freedom was a form of democracy
in itself.



Susie put down her book. She had already been at work for two hours. Her
supervisor had given her instructions to research and to provide a thesis on the
sale of human sex. Apparently, it was research needed for the Regime's
educational standards. Susie was puzzled because it was not something that she
had been made aware of at school. The researcher opposite her, a man in his
fifties, thin, with grey receding hair told her that it might be an act known in
the archives as prostitution. As well as looking up archives connected with
prostitution on the database, she also looked up filing references for the words
sex, fuck, and intercourse (words she had learnt at school). She left her work
place and walked along several corridors, down the stairs to the basement and
into the information archive centre. This was a large warehouse type of building
with row upon row of shelves that were about 200ft long and 20ft high, filled
with books, boxes of data, and information. The building appeared to be
deserted. She took an hour and a half to obtain books she intended to research
and went into one of the reading rooms in the building in order to look though
the information she had retrieved. The rooms were windowless and situated in the
middle of the building.



Susie started to examine some magazines from the year 2006. She had seen covers
of this type of magazine but had never seen inside. All she knew was that they
had been marketed for the sex trade. She opened the magazine and was surprised
to see pictures of men and women engaging in sexual intercourse and photos of
the exposed male and female genitalia. She took notes as she explored through
the magazines trying to ignore her feelings of arousal. The feelings overcame
her. She got up from the chair and opened the door and looked out into the
information centre. It was still quiet and deserted. She closed the door and sat
back down and glanced around the room. Making sure first that the room was not
'monitored' she pulled her skirt up to her waist, slipped a hand into her
panties and began to tease her clitoris and cunt lips.



She returned to the office an hour later and noticed that it was time to go
home. She left the building and walked down the road towards her living
quarters.

"Susannah Liberty419" said a voice behind her. She stopped and turned round to
see two Regime Policeman walking towards her.

"Yes, that's me" She said.

"We have orders to take you in" Said one of the men.

"Why ?" she asked.

"Those are our orders, now put your hands together in front of you" commanded
the other officer. Nervously, Susie did as she was told. It was not a wise idea
to go against Regime police orders. Blindfolded and hands cuffed together, she
was bundled into a police vehicle waiting nearby.



She travelled in the vehicle in silence with only the drone of the engine to
keep her company. She was made to get out of the vehicle when she finally
stopped. Still blindfolded, She heard one of the police officer's in
conversation with someone before getting into the vehicle and driving off. Then
she heard a new voice.

"Put your hands on your head". Susie did as she was told.



The large iron doors to the Ministry of Correction were opened and Susie was
pushed in to the building by the guards. As the doors slammed shut, her
blindfold and handcuffs were removed from her wrists and she was ordered to
place her hands on top of her head. MOC guards normally removed the restraints
from prisoners once they were inside the ministry because the building was so
secure. No body left (dead or alive) without authorisation.



Susie was marched a long the dark corridor, which was lit only by low wattage
lamps sunk into the low rugged brown ceiling, some 5 metres apart. She was
marched past several closed doors on either side of the corridor until
eventually she was ordered to halt by one that was wide open. As she was pushed
inside Susie eyes reacted to the bright light and it took sometime for her to
become accustomed. She noted that the room was quite large. There was a man in
uniform sat at a desk at the end of the room, and there was a large T.V monitor
behind. There were several other pieces of furniture, tables and chairs in the
room fitted with handcuffs and other restraining devices and it reminded Susie
of medieval dungeons that she had read about during the course of her work.



The MOC guards walked Susie to a chair situated in front of the desk occupied by
the host and she was made to sit. Then all the guards, except two, left the
room. The two that remained kept guard by the door.

The man at the desk was writing on a large ledger and he had not appeared to
even acknowledge her presence.

"You can take your hands off your head now" He said without looking up. Susie
put her arms down. The man looked up.

"I am Mr Yard02, chief of interrogation within the Ministry of Correction. You
are Susannah Liberty419?" He asked

"U-yes" she replied. The chief placed his pen on the desk and looked at her.

"You do know why you are here don't you ?"

"Um, well I..."

"Oh come on, come on" he said in an impatient manner "you know the Regime's
rules on sexual activity" He pushed the chair back and lifted his broad 6ft
4inch figure to his feet.

"Yes" She replied.

"Yet, you were caught with your right hand inside your pants"

"Yes but..." she stuttered.

"So you are saying that that your actions were not sexually motivated?" He
asked.

"But I..."

"Yet evidence shows that your fingers were moving around the lips of your
virgina " He banged a fist on the desk as he said the word 'virgina' as if to
make a point.

"I can explain" bleated Susie

"Can you?" the man picked up a remote control on the desk and pointed it to the
wall behind him. . There, on the screen, was a cam shot of a young women (Susie)
sat on a chair next to a wooden desk. It was a frontal of her sat on the chair
in the research room. Her legs were quite wide a part and her skirt was pulled
up to her waist. Her right hand was inside her panties. The next cam shot showed
Susie's other hand pulling the waste band of her knickers down between her legs,
as her fingers enjoyed the delights of her sex. The man tapped the remote
control and Susie saw a close up shot of her face on the screen. The close-up
view showed beads of perspiration on the brow of her head. Then, a close-up shot
of her hands and panties was shown on the screen. It was clear to see that
Susie's fingers were 'teasing' the lips around her cunt. Suzie realised that no
explanation for her actions would be accepted by the Regime.

"Admit it now and the punishment will be greatly reduced" The Chief explained.

Embarrassed by the images of herself displayed for all and sundry, she stared at
the table in front of her. "Yes, I do admit it" She whispered. The Chief stepped
behind her.

 " All we need is for you to sign a confession and we can get down to business"
he said as he dragged the open ledger from across the table until it was in
front of the girl. "I have already prepared your statement of admittance, and
all I need you to do is sign" he offered the pen.

In a state of panic and trauma, Suzie quickly read the document, decided that it
seemed near the truth, and signed the bottom of the page. She also had to sign
an acceptance form stating that she was aware that she needed treatment for her
sexual deviances and was handing herself over to the Ministry of Correction for
treatment for an unlimited period.

"Right" said the chief as he picked the ledger off the desk, " as part of your
correction treatment I have decided to show you the lust of a man and what they
are prepared to do for satisfaction. Come and stand over here" He beckoned with
his hand "come" Susie stood up and walked over to her interrogator.



The door opened and two men were escorted in to the room by the guards. They
were both quite handsome and slim, one was about 25 years of age, dark haired
and dressed in a black pin stripe suit which indicated that he held a position
in an office. The other one was of a similar age, blonde and was wearing a
boiler suite, which meant he worked as a serviceman.

"These two men, like you formed part of the third generation experiment" said
the Chief. " They were caught today, separately, undertaking a sexual act" he
said. "That man" he pointed to the man in the suite " was caught trying to
sexually seduce a female work colleague, and the other man was found in a local
park attempting to masturbate" The interrogator walked over to the men and
continued to speak.

"Like you, they have also signed their statements of admittance and her here for
treatment. Both men have been injected in order to sedate them so, whilst they
know exactly what is going on, they won't be trying to get away" He signalled to
the guards.

"The next step is to gag their mouths so that we don't hear any shouts or
complaints, and when that is done, the men will be completely disrobed"

Susie watched as the guards as they began to undress each man.

"I expect you are wondering what is going to happen?" asked the interrogator.

"Yes", replied Susie. The man in the suite was now completely disrobed. Susie
admired the man's muscular arms and chest, whereas the man looked embarrassed to
see the young women staring at his man hood and balls dangling between his legs.

"Well as you can see the men are quite handsome, and tests show that they are
fit and in good health. They also have a high IQ. Subjects like this could be
used as seaman donors if they were over at the Regimes Control of Population
Unit" he said. As he was talking Susie watched as the pants were removed from
the blonde haired man. He was also slim but more muscular than the first. His
long limp penis hung down in front of him. Susie noticed the layer of skin that
covered the head of the penis, something the other man did not have.



One of the guards secured the wrists of the dark haired behind his back and
walked him the other side of the room where metal chains hung from a pulley
system fixed into the ceiling. His secured wrists were attached to one of the
chains and then he was turned to face his captives. The guard operated a winch
set into the wall, which raised the chain until the man's arms had been raised
to waist level, causing the victim to bend forward. The process was repeated
with the blonde man.



"Next we will inject a drug that the Regimes Control of Population Unit uses on
sperm donors. The drug will arouse and stimulate the sexual organs" She watched
as a dose was injected into the left-hand buttock of both men. " Within minutes
the penis will grow hard and the scrotum will become taught around their
testicles. The drug we use also triggers the male productive organs into
producing sperm".

Susie watched as both men became sexually aroused. The black haired man's penis
grew in length and thickness as it became horizontally erect and the head of the
organ turned a reddish purple. The other mans penis was equally erect and the
skin had stretched back under the strain revealing half of the purple head. Each
scrotum had tightened up around the men's testicles. Both captives grunted into
their gags as they stood side by side, bent forward at the waist, eyes staring
at their swollen members, eager for relief but unable to do anything about it.

"The more aroused the men become, the more sperm is produced" he said.
"Ejaculation can usually be achieved by stroking the penis for several minutes,
but as part of the correction programme they will be injected with a drug that
will prevent ejaculation and the orgasm that is needed" Susie watched as the
drug was injected into the left buttock of both captives.

"As their genitals are stroked and teased the more powerful the desire to
ejaculate it becomes". He turned to the girl.

"This is when you come into the equation" He said. "Your first job is to do some
teasing, so can you please strip down to your underwear"

"But...." The interrogator became stern.

" This is all part of your correction programme, so do as you are told".

Reluctantly and unceremoniously, Susie unbuttoned and removed her blouse
revealing a red bra. The cleavage of the bra exposed the upper parts of her firm
breasts. She then undid the hem of her skirt and lowered it to the floor
revealing matching coloured panties. Susie felt degraded.

"Lets go over to our captives shall we" said the chief. He put is arm around the
shoulder of the young women as he guided her over to the restrained men.

"Now on you knees in front of our dark haired captive" she was told.

Susie kneeled down in front of the man who immediately tried to thrust his waist
forward so that his swollen cock would make contact with the young women, but
the position he was restrained in did not make this possible.

Susie had not been this close to a man's genitals before. The head of the
swollen cock was dark purple and the stem of the 7-inch member was red and
bloated. The man's hairy scrotum was extremely tight outlining both his
testicles.



 "Now touch his scrotum and tease it with your fingers" he ordered. Susie gently
cupped the man's testicles in her right hand. The man grunted and his penis
twitched as a white globule of sperm appeared at the slit in the head of the
penis.

"That's okay" said the chief, "he may leak a bit but he won't orgasm. We control
that. He will need the injection of another drug to allow that to happen"

"Now use your tongue to lick the underneath of the penis head" He ordered.

Susie did as she was told and worked her tongue up and down the tortured man's
penis. The man was breathing heavily through his gag and beads of perspiration
developed all over his body as he watched Susie teasing his shaft. He wanted to
thrust it in her mouth, he wanted friction, he wanted relief from the hot itchy
feeling that was building up in his cock and balls.

"Now place the head of the organ in your mouth. That's it. Use your tongue to
stimulate the underneath of the penis. He will try and thrust his loins towards
you but he is well restrained" Susie did as she was commanded. The man continued
to breath heavily as Susie clasped her lips around the first few inches of his
manhood and he tongue flickered over the sensitive skin between the shaft and
head. He groaned loudly into his gag as his penis twitched, depositing a globule
of salty semen into the young women's mouth.

"That is good "said the chief "but don't get too comfortable as our other
prisoner requires stimulation"

Susie withdrew from the man who objected through his gag and whimpered as he
stared down at his wet glistening cock caused by a mixture of Susie's saliva and
seamen droplets. She turned her attention to the other prisoner who had been
watching his fellow captive's genitals being licked and sucked. She took the hot
throbbing penis in her right hand and used the fingers of her left hand to peel
back the skin around the head and set about sucking, licking and teasing the
victim as he groaned loudly. She continued the task aware that one of the guards
had moved behind her. Then;

"Arrrgh" She felt a short but sharp pain in her left buttock and turned round to
find that the guard had injected something into her though her panties.

"What is that for?" she asked aggressively.

"It is just a stimulant" said the chief, "Now, please continue with the task you
have been given"

As Susie continued to tease and suck the groaning prisoner she found herself
starting to become aroused and guessed that she had probably been injected with
the same drug as the two prisoners. The hairs all over her body began to stand
on end, her nipples began to tingle and she felt itchy and tingly between her
legs. She continued to lick and suck the cock with some enthusiasm. Just having
the penis in her mouth made her even more turned on and 'uncomfortable' between
the legs. Imagining what it might be like to have the swollen member inside her
sex hole aroused her further.

The Chief looked on as the drug took effect on the kneeling girl. At first Susie
appeared to take more interest in teasing the captive, then he noticed that he
begin to fidget, opening and closing her legs as if she was trying to displace
something. Her hands went inside her bra and caressed her nipples and she gasped
as she pressed a hand on her pubic mound. The Chief continued to watch as the
girl tried to fight against the drug, but the damp patch in the crutch of her
panties suggested that she was loosing the battle. As the drug took over, Susie
stopped sucking the man and devoted all her attention to her own sexual needs.
She pulled her breasts out of her bra and groaned as she caressed her nipples
with one hand and rubbed her crutch through her panties with the other,
oblivious to anyone watching. The kneeling girl had now pulled her knickers down
to her knees and one hand was between her legs eagerly rubbing her clitoris and
cunt lips. The Chief signalled to the guard who stepped forward and administered
another injection into her left buttock. Susie took little notice as she was
totally engrossed with her sexual needs.

"That should stop her from reaching an orgasm" he said.

The Chief continued to watch for several minutes. The girl had totally removed
her bra and panties and was now lying on her back, the open legs facing her
captives. Beads of sweat had formed on her forehead, arms and stomach. She
squirmed and moaned as her fingers caressed her virginal lips and slipped in and
out of her passage. She worked frantically to bring the hot itching feeling to a
climax, relief, but she couldn't. The harder she tried, the worse it became.

 "Oh please" she begged to the chief " I just can't. Urrgh. Please!"

The guards picked Suzie up by her arms and walked her to the torture table. The
juices from her well-lubricated cunt trickled down each of her legs as she
reached the table.



The surface of the table consisted of two long boards on rails, one of which was
attached to the frame, the other to the other board. They over-lapped each other
so that the length of the surface could be lengthened or shortened to "suit" the
victim's height. Leg stirrups had also been attached to the base of the surface
to accommodate the victim's legs. A panel had been attached in the middle at the
other of the table to accommodate the head. On top of that panel was a metal
(head) cage, which enabled the torturer to 'secure' the victim's head in
different positions.



Susie was lifted on to the table. She squirmed as her back was lowered on to the
cold surface. As the guards let go of her arms she took the opportunity to touch
her swollen clitoris and cunt to try and find relief from the hot itchy pain in
her groin.

"No please" she begged as her hands were taken away from her sex " No" she said
as they were drawn back either side of her body and pulled down towards the
floor. The guards then fastened her wrists to the legs either side of the table.
Next her legs were pulled wide apart and placed into the stirrups. Her ankles
were fastened to the metal frame to prevent movement. Next the guards forced
Susie's to move her head, as far as her neck would allow, so that she was facing
to the right. The simple metal cage was brought down over her side-facing head
and secured to the table, preventing any movement.

The Chief looked at the girl secured to the table. Perspiration encased her
entire body and the air in the room smelt of a mixture of sweat and sex. The
girl's chest rose and fell as she groaned and sobbed. Her nipples were extremely
hard and her breasts looked swollen and very sensitive. Her clitoris and
virginal lips were swollen red and the whole of her groin glistened under the
lights as Susie's sexual juices oozed from her.



"Bring the prisoners" The chief commanded. The tension in the chain attached to
the prisoners wrists was relaxed allowing the men to stand upright as the chain
was detached from their cuffed wrists. Both naked men were also covered in
sweat, which added to the pungent smell in the room. With their wrists still
firmly secured behind their backs, the prisoners were ordered to move. Droplets
of sperm dripped from their fully erect penises as they walked over to the naked
girl.



The dark haired man was placed at the bottom of the table, between the girl's
open legs. He was able to thrust his hips forward guards so that his rigid penis
was poking against the entrance to her swollen cunt. He desperately wanted to
ram his hot itching cock inside her but the guards prevented any further
movement. Susie could feel the tip of the cock against her sex hole. She craved
to have the manhood inside her in anticipation that it the thick cock moving
inside her would relieve the unbearably hot itch that seemed to have taken over
the entire length of her love canal. She whimpered and pleaded to the guards to
place it inside her.



The blond man was positioned next to girl's side turned face. Susie's excitement
grew as she saw the large cock dangling just in front of her and she opened her
mouth lustfully as the man was thrust forward, the first three inches of his
pulsating cock entering her mouth. The man groaned through his gag in pain and
pleasure as Susie eagerly sucked and licked. Sensing that the guards were no
longer restraining him, the man rammed his swollen member back and fourth inside
her mouth hitting the back of her throat. He paid no attention to the
ejaculation drug as it was injected into his left buttock.



The guards thrust the man forward at the other end of the table. He let out a
scream of ecstasy into his gag as he rammed the entire length of his cock into
her tight lubricated cunt. Susie arched her abdomen as if to welcome the
intruder and let out a scream that was partly silenced by the cock inside her
mouth. The man continued to ram his cock backwards and forwards, his heavy
swollen balls slapping against her flesh as he made his forward strokes. The
chief signalled, and the ejaculation drug was injected into his left buttock.



The man face fucking Susie's mouth felt a hot boiling sensation building up
inside his balls that he had never experienced before. The boiling sensation
continued along the length of his cock and the realised that he was about to
explode. He yelled as he rammed his cock into the back of her throat and grunted
as stream upon stream hot stream of sperm shot out of his tortured penis. Susie
gagged and swallowed as much of the salty sperm as she could and droplets of the
liquid oozed down the side of her mouth as she coughed and choked. The guards
pulled the man away from Susie, his penis continued to throb and ejaculate sperm
as his wrists were untied. With his hands free, the blonde man took his cock in
hand and wanked himself furiously as the guards half walked, half carried him
from the room. A long string of sperm hung from his cock as his climax began to
ease. The metal cage, having served its purpose, was removed from Susie's head
and a gag was added to her mouth to silence her as she moaned in ecstasy.



The man inside Susie's cunt felt his swollen balls beginning to boil. He felt a
build-up of pressure and it was as if the inside of his shaft was becoming
stretched and rigid. He yelled as he felt a river of hot sperm flood into his
penis and he virtually collapsed on the girl as his body began to pump stream
upon stream of sperm into the young women's sex. Susie felt a hot sensation deep
inside her cunt and she felt the penis throb and twitch as what felt like
gallons of sperm flooded into her. The guards pulled him away from the girl as
his orgasm began to subside, his cum covered penis dripped sperm as he was led
from the room.



But there was no relief for Susie as the guards un-cuffed her messy body from
the table and assisted her to her feet, as the ejaculation drug had not been
injected into her. Susie was escorted from the room, drops of sperm seeping from
her swollen cunt as she taken to a holding cell. The Chief had other ideas for
her.

"Clean the girl up and secure her to deny access to her sensitive zones " he
ordered. The Chief had decided to keep Susie in a state of sexual frenzy
overnight. A new correction torture for his prisoners would commence in the
morning.







The end 



THE REGIME Part 2  
Susie woke to the sound of footsteps upon the stone floor of the corridor.
  She was lying on her back and sensed that she was wearing a long coarse sack
  frock . A metal chastity belt had also been clamped to her waist.  
Susie recalled the previous days events and the degrading acts that she was
  forced to participate in. Her cunt was still itching and she felt damp between
  the legs. The burning desire worsened every time the images of the cocks she
  had sucked and fucked entered her mind. Susie was confused. She was, after
  all, being held in The Ministry of Correction where such sexual thoughts were
  suppressed. So why was the Ministry fording her to partake in sexual acts?  
He juices leaked from either side of the crotch hugging device. Try as she
  might, she was unable to prize a finger behind the chastity belt. She tried
  pressing the device against her vulva in order to get some sort of stimulative
  relief, but it had been designed not to come in contact with the pubic mound
  in anyway, and all attempts to relieve her sexual tension were fruitless.  
It was not long before the door to the jail was opened and she was lifted
  to her feet by two burley guards and frog marched down the dark corridor and
  into a 15ft x 12ft well lit room. She recognised the man who was there to welcome
  her as Yard02.  
"Good to see you are back" He said.  
Susie looked around the room. There was nothing much to see. Several chairs,
  a table, cabinet, double sized bed. Large flat television screen on the far
  wall. No torture implements as such.  
"What do you want from me this time" She asked nervously.  
"Relax" Said Yard. He moved forward and momentarily pulled the hem of the
  frock above her waist to inspect the chastity belt. There was a damp patch
  around the crutch region caused by the girl's sexual desire.  
" I see you are still extremely turned on" Said Yard "This is because we
  have denied you the right to orgasm. Yesturday you were injected with a stimulant
  drug. It lasts several days. It must be terrible being denied the right to
  touch yourself"  
"Y-yes" she replied.  
"So everytime you think of the male genitalia you just got hot, wetter and
  sexually frustrated" He said.  
Susie's pictured a man's cock and balls in her mind. Her pulse began to race
  and the itching in her cunt worsened. Unconsciously, she placed a hand on the
  device covering her pubic mound.  
"Oh yes" she panted.  
"Well, we have plenty more images and experiences for you today"  
 The door opened and two men were shuffled in to the room by the guards.
  Their legs were shackled together, and hands cuffed behind their backs. Both
  were stripped to the waist and were only wearing shorts.  
One of the men was tall, tanned, quite handsome and slim. He was about 25
  years of age and had black hair. Susie admired his physique and it made the
  throbbing in her cunt even worse. The other man was quite tall but overweight.
  He was about 38 years of age with long grey hair. His belly hung over his shorts.  
Both men were each made to stand in front of a chair. They stared at Susie
  in silence.  
"These men are here due to have been caught separately carrying out sexual
  acts. The tall man on the left was caught having sex with a 16-year old girl.
  She is here for correction too. You never no, you might see her later!" Said
  Yard.  
"Now" Said Yard, producing a key. "Let's get that thing off from around your
  waist, and get you sat down and comfortable. Guards!"  
Susie's hands were held behind her back as the contraption was removed from
  her. Still wearing the sack frock, she was made to sit on a dining chair. Her
  legs were pulled back by the ankles and secured to the rear chair legs. Her
  hands were secured to either side of the back of the chair.  
"There" Said Yard. He reached down to the hem of her frock and pulled it
  up until her wet vulva was exposed.  
"Um, the lips to your sexual organ look red and swollen. It would appear
  that you have made the seat damp already" He said.  
"You will notice that the guards are fitting a device into each mouth out
  two captives over there" Said Yard. "They are designed to keep their mouths
  open. It has another use other than to stop them from taking which perhaps
  you will see".  
The men protested as the devices were secured inside their mouths by the
  guards. Both men were held as their shorts were pulled down to their ankles
  and the stimulation drug was injected into their left buttocks. The men were
  then forced to sit on dining chairs facing Susie. Both men could not help looking
  at Susie's wet cunt lips. Likewise, Susie could not help looking at the men's
  flaccid cock and balls.  
Susie stared at their cocks simultaneously as they became big and erect.
  Their blood filled cocks bounced up and down as the men fidgeted about on the
  chairs. She so wanted one of those cocks inside her cunt and the men started
  back at her, longing to plant their cocks inside her hole.  
Yard signalled to the guards, and the big man was lifted to his feet. The
  shorts resting on his ankle shackles were ripped off him, and he was forced
  to kneel in front of Susie, his 6 inch erect cock dangling in front of her
  crutch. Susie moved herself forward on the chair, as far as her restraints
  would allow, and one of the guards guided the man's cock until it was resting
  against her cunt lips.  
"Oh please" sighed Susie, and there was a grunt from the man as he thrusted
  his cock into her wet cunt as far as it would go.  
"Ah yes" shouted Susie "oh yes"  
"Oh no&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.."  
The man was only allowed to thrust in and out of Susie a couple of times
  before he was withdrawn by the guards. Protesting through his mouth restraint,
  the man moaned as he was taken back to his chair, the stem and head of his
  cock covered with Susie's juices.  
The dark handsome man was lifted from his chair and his shorts removed. He
  was then forced to kneel between the restrained girl's legs. Susie looked longingly
  at the man's thick erect cock. It looked larger and thicker than the member
  that had previously been inside her. She gasped as the head of the cock spread
  her lips apart and he rammed it in as far as it would go. Like the other man,
  he was only allowed to thrust in and out a couple of times before his organ
  was removed.  
"Take them over to the bed" Said Yard "Susie, you are about to see just how
  low a man can go and what degrading things he is willing to perform when sex
  is on his mind"  
Both men were jostled over to the bed, side by side. They were positioned
  so that both men were staring at the swollen member of the other man.  
"This is what was once called the 69 position" said Yard cheerfully. "Both
  men have been tested for signs of homosexuality and we have found none. Therefore,
  the thought of playing with another man's penis would be humiliating for them.
  However, both men need the sexual relief, and both men have the tool to give
  the other one stimulation. It is called the mouth"  
The men grunted and protested as they were held in place, side by side on
  the bed, each man forced to face the jutting erect cock and balls of the other
  man. The big man was staring at the long cock that had just been inside the
  girl. His own cock was bursting to come but he had no way of stimulating himself.
  He felt the breath of the man he was lying next to on his cock. Both men refused
  to give in to the temptation.  
"Lets persuade our friends shall we" Suggested Yard.  
The wide open mouth of the big man was forced over the erect cock in front
  of him. He grunted as four inches of throbbing penis entered his mouth. At
  the other end, he could feel his own cock being enveloped in the warm mouth
  of the other person and he felt a twinge of lust as a tongue accidentally collided
  with his shaft. He lunged his groin forward looking for stimulation. The other
  man did the same, and within moments, both men were licking and thrusting their
  cocks inside each other's mouths.  
Susie looked on from her chair. She thought that the act was degrading but
  sensual. "such a waste of cock" she thought preferring to have the cocks inside
  her instead of their mouths.  
"You see Susie that the men don't need any encouragement to take each other
  in the mouth as they are both seeking sexual gratification. The question is
  whether they will sink so low as to swallow each others fluids when they ejaculate".  
The big man thrust his hips to and throw as his itching cock was being licked
  and teased by his fellow prisoner. In return, he licked and sucked the shaft
  of the member that was being thrust in and out of his own mouth. He had never
  ever contemplated doing this to a man but his need for sexual relief had got
  the better of him. Occasionally, globules of salty sperm dripped from the rutting
  cock in his mouth. There was no time to swallow as a mixture of saliva and
  sperm dripped from his wide open mouth on to the bed.  
Suddenly, he found the cock rammed down the back of his throat as it came
  to an orgasmic explosion, sending a gush of salty semen to the back of his
  mouth. He coughed and spluttered as jet after jet of semen filled his mouth.
  Some he swallowed, the rest trailed out of his mouth and onto the bed. Then
  the cock was removed from his mouth as the prisoner who had just ejaculated
  was removed from the bed.  
The big man groaned as he had not received the sexual gratification that
  he desired.  
"Prepare the girl" said Yard.  
Susie was un-cuffed from the chair and was lead over to the table. She was
  made to bend over it, her legs were spread and re-cuffed to the table legs,
  and her hands were cuffed behind her back. She gasped as an oil-based solution
  was rubbed in around her anal opening and her already wet and dripping cunt
  lips.  
The man was helped off the bed and was walked, with his erect jutting cock
  throbbing, to behind the girl. One of the guards teased the man's swollen member
  as he guided it to the parted pink lips of Susie's cunt.  
Susie gasped with satisfaction as the cock entered her and the pair of them
  groaned and grunted as they enjoyed sexual intercourse.  
Sensing that the prisoner was near to climaxing, Yard signalled and the prisoner
  was pulled off the girl.  
"I believe that there is one form of sex that you have not had any experience
  in" said Yard, as one of the guards applied the oil based solution to the stem
  of the man's throbbing cock.  
"Please not there" said Susie, but her please were dismissed as the head
  of the man's cock was pressed against the poor girl's anal entrance. Encouraged
  by the guards and with a zest for his own sexual gratification, the prisoner
  pushed forward and slowly worked his cock into the virginal anal hole. Susie
  gasped as she felt the unwanted member inside her anal canal. She gasped with
  delight though as one of the guards teased and rubbed her virginal lips.  
The prisoner did not last long. His sensitive cock finally exploded sending
  jets of hot semen into the Susie's anal passage. The man was removed from the
  girl, sperm dripping from his spent member as he was lead back to the cell.
  Susie was untied from the table and was lead back to her cell. She wondered
  what would be in store for her next.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





