BDSM Library - Roasting Grotto




Roasting Grotto
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was inspired by Dolcett's drawings "Roasting Grotto."
MF+/f, Snuff, Cannibalism, Impalement, NC, Extreme 

Roasting Grotto 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 01 "The fling." 

Warning - 
Dolcett is one of the most extreme artists around the world. He draws 
people (mostly women) in positions of asphyxiation, cannibalism, impalement, 
snuff, etc. This story follows his work very closely and I don't hold back 
from telling it like it is. If you are not comfortable with descriptions of 
this extreme erotica, then I highly recommend you don't proceed any further. 
The story codes that are required by the BDSMLibrary.com website are there 
for a reason. You have been warned. 

______________________ 

Kendrick gave a low guttural growl. He loved the sound. He tightened his 
tie and stretched his neck in the mirror. He felt like a predator tonight 
and woe to his target as soon as he finds her. He grabbed his wallet, keys, 
gold rolex and slipped out the door. Half an hour later he was at the 
cocktail party looking for his prey. 

It took a while before he spotted her. She was chatting with a silly 
pompous waiter while sipping a Gin & Tonic. He watched her eyes as they 
looked from one person to the next in the boardroom. She looked bored and 
alone. He studied her for a little while to make sure of his next target. 

She moved over to the makeshift bar and politely asked the bartender for a 
refill. Her eyes again wandered aimlessly over the crowd. She seemed more 
to be killing time and being noticed than actually doing any business 
networking. Kendrick noticed his lips were dry and licked them slightly. 
He watched her as she went back to her original spot and continued a small 
conversation with another waiter. 

Kendrick looked over her form. Lovely petite body. Slim and well looked 
after. Her skin was tight and lightly tanned. She giggled and Kendrick 
knew that she was the one. Eventually the waiter left her to carry on 
working. Time to make a move thought Kendrick. He ordered two Gin & Tonics 
from the bar and made his way to stand beside her. 

"Hi there. Could you use one of these?" he said offering the drink. 

She smiled, said thank you and took his offering. For a while they made 
small talk. Mostly about business and how these sort of parties were so 
boring. Kendrick knew which buttons to press with her, and very shortly 
she was infatuated with him. After twenty minutes they both left to get 
some coffee. 

Kendrick learned heaps about her. Her name was Marsha Edmunds. She was on 
her first business trip. Married to a guy called Mark, who preferred his 
work over her. No kids, her husband didn't want the responsibility. 

After an hour Kendrick decided to turn on the charm. Marsha was instantly 
hooked. This Mark must be a real fucking asshole thought Kendrick. Another 
hour of talking and Marsha had been easily convinced to go back to his 
room for a nightcap. 

Kendrick held her hand as they entered the elevator. He pointed to his door 
and once on the other side he pulled her towards him for a kiss. Marsha 
easily submitted and kissed him back. Kendrick removed his tie and turned 
down the lights. 

"Now this is more like it. These cocktail parties are so boring." 

Marsha smiled. Kendrick could tell she was nervous. He took her hand and 
leaned in close to look into her eyes. 

"Don't be nervous, I don't bite." he said. 

"I'm sorry. This is a little new to me ... I don't ... I've never been 
with anyone except my husband." 

Kendrick unbuttoned her business blouse. He could feel her body heat on 
the fabric. Too easy he thought. 

"I've never been naked with anyone else. Sorry." Marsha continued. 

God she goes on, thought Kendrick. 

"Don't be. Look, he's back home and you're here. Have some fun ..." 
persisted Kendrick. 

Marsha couldn't resist his smile and charm. 

"Yeah," she said straightening her back and shoulders. "You're right. 
Nobody will know and it's about time I loosened up." 

About fucking time, thought Kendrick removing his shirt. Marsha nearly 
swooned. He had a body to kill for. Strong muscles rippled pushing each 
other aside to show off. His tummy showed off an awesome set of abs. 
Marsha ran her hands over his body. All her inhibitions disappeared. She 
was so looking forward to the fucking she was going to get. 

Marsha removed the rest of her clothes with Kendrick's help. He removed 
each item separately and kissed each part of her body. Marsha was in 
heaven. Finally they both got down to business. Marsha lay on the bed 
while Kendrick thrusted his large cock deep into her pussy. 

For over the next two hours there was a lot of pussy licking, cock sucking 
and thrusting. Marsha was loving her first fling. She felt Kendrick cum 
for the third time and fall over limply to the bed. She propped herself up 
on her elbow and snuggled into his chest. Kendrick wrapped his powerful 
arms around her body and they both enjoyed each other's scent and body heat. 

Ten minutes later Kendrick felt hungry. "Hungry?" he asked. Marsha nodded. 

"I'll make some reservations, what do you feel like?" 

Marsha sat up. "Barbecue sounds good." 

Kendrick smiled. The irony of it all he thought. "Just what I had in mind." 

Marsha patted his leg. "I'm going to take a shower." she said, "Want to 
join me?" 

Kendrick raised his eyebrows. "Okay. Let me call first." 

"I love barbecue, it makes the meat taste great." 

It sure does he thought. Kendrick watched as his prey went into the bathroom. 
He waited until Marsha had entered the shower. Once sure he wouldn't be heard 
Kendrick grabbed the phone and dialled. 

"Hi. This is Kendrick. I've got a pick-up. Marriott Room 602. Make it about 
ten minutes time. No, this one is prime. Grade A. Better than that cheer- 
leader on Tuesday. Okay, see you soon." 

Kendrick stood up and reached for his trousers. Inside his right pocket 
was an extendable metal club. At six inches it wasn't big but once he 
pressed a button and flicked his arm, it quickly flicked out to an 
impressive twenty-four inches of metal. 

Kendrick spun the club in his hand and walked into the bathroom. Marsha 
didn't even hear him walk in. Kendrick pulled back the curtain. Marsha felt 
the draught and before she could turn around was struck across the back 
of her head. The last thing she heard was, "Sweet dreams Marsha." as she 
collapsed to the floor. 

Kendrick didn't waste anytime. He easily picked up Marsha's body and lay 
her face down on the floor. He checked the back of her head to make sure 
she wasn't bleeding. He tied her wrists behind her back and also her ankles. 
Next he blindfolded her. He had just finished putting his clothes back on 
when there was a knock at the door. Kendrick recognised the knocking pattern 
as his courier. He let the courier in who had a large box and quickly closed 
the door. 

"Nice babe. Details?" asked the courier as he opened the box. 

"Married, late 20s. Nothing unusual." replied Kendrick. 

"Good. The boss told me to tell you that there's a beauty pageant tomorrow 
in LA at the Hilton airport centre. You could do a little hunting and get 
some sun." 

"No problem. Alert the LA pick-up team. I'll try to pick the winner. Ha!" 

The courier removed a syringe and jabbed it into Marsha's thigh. He pumped 
in its contents and then slipped it into his pocket. He checked Marsha's 
firm body and breasts. 

"This one's a beauty Kendrick. You still have a good eye for a nice piece 
of ass. Did you tell her she's been invited for dinner?" 

"No, I figured she would want to be surprised. She did say she liked a 
good barbecue." 

Both men placed Marsha into the box and the courier nailed it down tight. 
Kendrick watched as the courier carted the box out of the room and down 
the hallway. 

Another one gone, another ten grand in the bank. Too easy thought Kendrick. 
He went to pack and organise for a flight to LA. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Roasting Grotto 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 02 "Dinner guests." 

Ten hours and three thousand miles later Marsha had arrived at her new 
destination. However she was completely unaware of the trip. A crowbar 
tore open the lid and daylight flooded inside. Rough hands pulled Marsha's 
body out. The ropes around her wrists and ankles were removed. Marsha was 
carried over to a group of three women, all unconscious. A large length of 
rope was tied around her wrists again and looped through a large metal D- 
clip. A rope was lowered through a pulley with a hook on it's end. The hook 
was inserted through the D-clip and two men pulled the rope to lift up the 
four unconscious women three feet off the ground. There they were inspected 
by various dinner guests. 

Marsha still had her blindfold on. The other three women slowly awoke and 
were looking around at the scene before them. One was sobbing uncontrollable 
while the others were too stunned for words. Marsha was finally awaken by 
something rubbing against her labia. She couldn't see but could hear the 
conversation near her. 

"Look dear, a new shipment. Ahh! This one is lovely. Marcus, reserve her 
for us. I'll enjoy this juicy filet. Who is she?" 

Marsha recognised the voice as male and upper-class. The man had an air of 
snobbery about him. 

"Let's see. Her name is Marsha. She's 29, married and 112 pounds. I'll make 
sure they deliver her to your table Sir." said a female employee. 

Marsha wondered if she was to be a guest. But her environment precluded that 
notion. She felt naked, the sun and wind both tickled and nuzzled at her 
soft skin. Her arms felt like dead-weights. She felt something like a 
riding crop handle rubbing against her inner thigh and labia. 

"Hmm. Darling, we'll need more than one. It's a large party. I like the 
look of the dark haired sow beside her. She'll do fine. Marcus, is she still 
available?" 

"Yes Madam. Her name is Liz, 24 years old, 115 pounds and unmarried." 
reported the employee. 

"Thank you Marcus. I'm in the mood for a nice thick filet too. We'll take 
them very rare on both as usual." said the snobbish wife. 

After the trio moved on Marsha whispered to the woman beside her. 

"Liz is it? ... Where are we?" 

Liz took a few seconds to respond. "I don't know. But I think you'll be 
glad you've got the blindfold on. It's not a pretty sight." 

Before Marsha could answer a man came over and took the pulley rope. He 
pulled on it and transported the women about thirty metres. The scent of 
cooking meat entered Marsha's nostrils. 

"Are we at a barbecue Liz?" 

"Oh God, yes, we certainly are." 

"Hi there sows." said a man. "Well Ms Edmunds. You won't be needing that 
blindfold now ... there you are. Now you can study your eventual fate. 
You've been given quite an honour. Our members are very selective about 
who they choose for the Roasting Grotto. Your body will provide delicious 
meat for our dining pleasure. Several of our members have already put in 
requests for the choicer cuts and the head of our island has reserved your 
cunt as his dinner tonight. So relax and enjoy the view." 

Marsha screamed, but not at what the man had said, but at the scene before 
her. 

Up on a platform a young woman was being skewered. A pole ran from the 
floor up through the woman's pussy and had exited through her mouth. The 
woman was still conscious as she was wriggling on the spit. A man stood 
beside her with a large knife and he proceeded to cut into her tummy. 
Marsha gasped as the woman's internal organs were removed and kicked over 
the edge of the platform. 

Marsha turned her eyes down to avoid the scene only to see three woman on 
spits rotating slowly over pits of hot coals. A man nearby was enjoying 
himself with a beer and he was basting one of the women's bodies. Another 
man walked in front of Marsha's view holding onto a woman's arm. She 
watched as the woman was taken to a smaller platform. Tears were streaming 
down the woman's face. 

"Cannibals!" yelled Marsha. "They're Cannibals! Someone help me!" 

"I'm sorry to say you'll have to wait your turn. As you can see, there's 
quite a line ahead of you. But Liz here can keep you company. She's in 
line before you so you'll be able to see her spited first." 

Marsha looked at the man. "You're going to eat me?! This can't be real!" 

"Oh, it's real Marsha ... and yes, you'll be roasted and eaten. But first 
you have an appointment on the platform to be impaled and gutted. I'm sure 
after watching the eleven sows ahead of you die this way, you'll get the 
idea. Oh! Excuse my manners, this is Liz, Liz, say Hi to Marsha." 

"We've already met." said Liz dryly. The man laughed and left. 

Liz turned to Marsha. "Looks like we're both in the same boat. Sorry, my 
voice is a little shaky." 

"I think a shaky voice isn't a major concern here. Is this real? ... I 
mean, how can they do this to us? ... to me. My husband ... nobody knows 
where I am ... are they really going to eat us?!" 

"I'm afraid so. I've been watching and it looks like they're killing four 
girls an hour. I don't want to die this way Marsha. Not like this." 
pleaded Liz. 

"I'm suppose to be in Chicago giving a speech." replied Marsha. "Why is 
this happening? Who are these people?" 

"I don't know. But to them we're not women, we're meat for their tables. 
They discussed what parts of me they intend to eat ... and they knew I 
was listening. I hope the bastards choke on me!" 

"I know ... I heard them. Its like we don't matter to them except as 
things they own." 

Both women went silent for a while. Marsha took stock of the situation. 
Yesterday she had a loving husband, a good job and friends. Now she was 
going to be butchered and roasted like an animal. And these people 
were so relaxed about it. I'm just meat to be cooked like a roast chicken. 
That man who was fondling me earlier was checking the thickness of my cunt 
lips ... the way I'd check a pork roast for fat. 

Four hours went by and another blood curdling scream snapped Marsha out 
of her thoughts. She looked around for the source and saw another woman 
being impaled. That's the tenth one they've done. She looked beside her 
and only saw Liz. Two men came over to her and were releasing her from 
her ropes. My God, thought Marsha. It'll be my turn next. 

"Oh Liz!" called out Marsha. 

Liz looked up at her friend. "I know Marsha, I know. Please don't look 
when they impale me. It'll only make it worse for you." 

Marsha watched as Liz's wrists were tied and she was led away. Liz looked 
back. "Goodbye." 

Tears rolled down Marsha's cheeks. She watched as Liz went onto a smaller 
platform. She was held for a minute and was screaming. Marsha couldn't see 
what they did to her. Then she was led up to the taller platform and made 
to stand in position. A large spit projected up through the floor. A man 
made sure the spit entered into Liz's vagina passage. 

Then all of a sudden Liz screamed her last scream. The man beside her 
laughed and Marsha quite clearly could hear him say, "Another pig on a 
stick." 

Marsha turned away as the spit exited out of Liz's mouth. A couple of 
minutes later and Liz had been gutted and cleaned. Marsha turned back to 
see two men carrying Liz between them on the spit. She was placed over a 
pit and a chain connected to slowly rotate her. 

Why did I ever go with that fucking bastard to her hotel room, thought 
Marsha. All I wanted was a fling and this is how I'm punished?! 

Marsha looked around at two men chatting and walking towards her. One 
pointed at her and Marsha's stomach did a flip. She tried to shake her 
arms but they were devoid of all strength. The two men arrived. 

"Hi, you must be Marsha." said one of the men. He held her thighs while 
the other man untied her rope and lowered her down to the ground. Blood 
rushed back into Marsha's arms but they were too sore and tired to do 
anything. 

"Please. Just skip me ... they'll never notice ... I probably won't taste 
very good ... I've always eaten junk food." stammered Marsha. 

"Sorry Marsha, time to go." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Roasting Grotto 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 03 "Preparation." 

With her hands securely tied behind her back. The man took Marsha's wrists 
in one hand and gripped her slender neck in the other. Marsha had no choice 
but to go where the man wanted her to. However, in light that she was 
probably going to die soon, Marsha decided to misbehave. She pulled 
forward hoping to break free but only succeeded in causing herself to fall 
to her knees. 

"Come on Marsha, it's just a short walk." said the man lifting her off the 
ground. He was use to the sows nervous behaviour just before slaughter. 

Marsha felt the fingers on her neck stiffen. There was no chance she could 
escape now. She was pushed forward past some of the already slaughtered meat 
turning on their spits. A strong mix of fear and pleasure churned within her 
belly. Marsha knew she was going to die, and from the look of it, not 
pleasantly. However she felt she must try one more gambit before accepting 
her final demise. 

"Bastard!" she spat. "How would you feel if I was your wife or daughter?!" 

Marsha expected an angry response. She expected a tightening on her neck 
or even a slap across the face. 

What she didn't expect the man to chuckled. 

"Well, you could ask my wife ... but she's making dinner. In fact, that's 
her to the right." said the man. Marsha looked where he indicated. 

All she saw was three women on spits and a man checking the one closest 
to them. 

"You mean that MAN is your wife?!" 

The man chuckled again. "No ... the blonde on the spit he's lifting." 

The man was indeed lifting up the woman nearest her. He called out for 
some help and a man shuffled over. Both men carried the blonde off to 
the carving table. 

Marsha was so stunned she hadn't even noticed the blonde was hiding her 
friend from view. 

"LIZ!" called out Marsha. However the golden brown skin, long metal spit 
and slowly rotating body was evidence enough that Liz wasn't going to 
respond. 

Marsha broke down and started to sob. "Please, I don't want to die. Let 
me go! I won't tell anyone about this place." 

"Just relax Marsha. We can have you turning golden brown in no time. First 
we have to core out your ass though. That makes the spit goes in easier." 

Marsha took a few seconds before registering what the man had said. She 
walked up the steps to the first platform. Waiting there was a man with 
a large drill. Marsha looked at the drill bit and understood what was 
meant by coring out. She freaked. 

"What the fuck! What do you mean core out?! ... HELP!" 

The man behind her slipped one arm behind her back and locked her arms 
down. He reached down and slipped his free hand underneath her left knee 
and pulled her leg up, at the same time he stood on her right foot and 
put all his weight on it. 

Marsha didn't even noticed the pain. She was petrified of the drill coming 
towards her. 

"That's it. Hold her steady .... NOW!" said the drill-man. 

The drill screamed into life fluttering the air around it. The drill-man 
pushed the hollow drill-bit against Marsha's asshole. The human tissue 
was no match at all for the hard jagged metal. The drill sunk about an 
inch and a half into Marsha's bum removing her sphincter muscle. 

Marsha screamed. She had no time to even react before the drill had done 
it's work against her body. Adrenaline flooded her body to keep her from 
going in shock. All Marsha felt was a brief couple of seconds of pain and 
then she was being pushed up the steps to the taller platform. 

The drill-man removed the sphincter muscle and dropped it into a bucket. 
Once the holes were cleaned and cooked, they'd be used as entrees. 

Marsha wasn't and never would be aware of the fate of her asshole. She 
had reached the top of the platform and was staring intently at the two 
feet of metal spit as it pointed up from a hole in the floor. Marsha was 
pushed towards it and made to kneel before it. Her ass stung and felt 
like it was on fire. 

"Now comes the fun part." said the man. "Lick it!" 

Marsha didn't even think of not obeying. She reached forward, stuck her 
tongue out and started to lick the spit. The metal felt hard and solid. 
For thirty seconds the man watched as Marsha licked the device which was 
going to snuff out her lifeforce in the next five minutes. 

"My turn." said the man and he presented his cock to Marsha. She complied 
by taken it into her mouth and fellating the last man she'd ever give a 
blowjob to. The man watched as she bobbed her head up and down on his 
shaft. It took a few minutes before Marsha was rewarded with a gashing of 
hot white cum. She swallowed it, savouring it's salty taste and letting 
it flow down the back of her throat. Marsha knelt there enjoying the sun, 
the slight breeze from her left and the smell of semen near her nostrils. 

She felt hands reach under her armpits and she was lifted onto her feet. 
Marsha opened her eyes. She was pushed back to a large wooden pole. Her 
wrists and elbows were tied behind the pole securing her to the spot. 
Directly below her, the metal spit waited for it's next victim. 

Tears rolled down Marsha's cheeks. The man pressed a toggle button and 
the spit rose up slowly towards Marsha's gapping hole in her rear. The 
man stop the point two inches inside Marsha's hole. 

"Please don't kill me. Oh God! Pleasssse!" pleaded Marsha. 

Ignoring her Marsha's executioner took a syringe and jabbed it into 
Marsha's right nipple. Marsha squealed as half the contents were injected 
into her body. 

"AH! That hurts so much!" she gasped. The needle was withdrawn. Marsha's 
right boob stun like someone had rubbed it with course sandpaper. The man 
then pushed the needle into her left boob and forced the rest of the 
serum in. Marsha gritted her teeth and was sobbing loudly when the needle 
was again withdrawn. 

"That will slow your heart and keep you alive longer." he said. The man 
reached forward and lifted Marsha's chin up so she could look into his 
eyes. 

"It also contains a special fluid that keeps your tits nice and firm while 
you roast." 

Marsha stared at her executioner. She hated him with every ounce of her 
being. The man laughed and pressed the toggle switch again. This forced 
the spit to push four inches up Marsha's ass. The cold metal made Marsha 
forget about her hatred of the man and gasp at the cold entry. She sucked 
in air and was startled to see her executioner kicked her legs apart. She 
slipped down further onto the spit. 

Marsha squealed. She tried to regain her footing but her executioner had 
lifted up both her legs. She looked down at his cock. It was hard and ready 
to go. She realised he wanted a fuck before she died. 

"No no. Please no." said Marsha shaking her head. The cold metal spit 
pushed deeper into her bowels. 

"Please. Leave me with some dignity." she pleaded. 

"Don't be silly Marsha." said the man. "There's nothing dignified about 
being cooked like a common animal. So what can it matter if I fuck you ... 
who knows, maybe you can come and go at the same time." he laughed. 

Before Marsha could plead again the man shoved his rigid cock into her 
twat. Marsha cried as the man thrusted into her vagina. The cold metal 
spike rubbed against her bowels causing pain and the man's cock forcing 
pleasure. 

The spit jumped two inches and Marsha realised it was moving upwards. 

"Oh God. The spit is moving!" she howled. 

"Yes," said the man. "It is. Very slowly. Once I've finished I'll make 
it go a bit faster, shall I?" 

Marsha didn't respond. The thrusting caused her to moan and shake as an 
orgasm rushed over her body. The man came a few seconds afterwards. They 
both sucked in air from their exertions. Marsha watched as the man reached 
over and pressed the red button on the control pad. The spit started 
moving more quickly up through her body. 

"Well Marsha. I'm afraid it's time to finish spitting you. The chef is 
ready and I've shot my load. The pole should reach your throat in about 
sixty seconds. If you're still conscious you'll have a front row seat for 
your gutting." 

"I won't be alive for my gutting or when they cook me, will I? The pain, 
it hurts so much." 

"Hhhmmm, can't say for sure. Every girl is different." 

With that said, the man dropped Marsha's legs. Marsha managed to get her 
footing before slipping any further on the metal spit. It didn't matter. 
The spit was pushing up past Marsha's heart and lungs into her throat. 

"Tilt your head back Marsha and say ahh." said the man. Marsha obeyed. 

Marsha was experiencing a shocking amount of pain already but when the 
spit ripped into her throat she gurgled a huge amount of blood. The spit 
exited out through her mouth covered in her blood and various organ fluids. 
Remarkably, Marsha found she could still breath. 

"You're probably wondering why you can still breath huh?!" said the man. 

"The spit is made of a permeable material. Inside the spit is a small 
oxygen tank. It keeps you alive even while you're cooking on the pit. 
It's the latest invention here on the island." 

The man took a large hunting knife. "Time to clean you up girl." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Roasting Grotto 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett & Hill) 

Chapter 04 "Roasted." 

The hunting knife sliced into Marsha's belly like a hot knife into butter. 
Her executioner pushed the blade upwards to her breast bone and then down- 
wards to her pubic mound. The tip of the blade cut through intestines and 
organs. 

Marsha felt every movement and it's associated pain. Tears streamed down 
her face as she felt a hand reach into her open body and scoop out her 
organs. Cool air flowed into the space left behind by the organs and it 
sent cold shockwaves throughout her body. 

The man let the organs fall to the floor. He located the ends still attached 
to Marsha's body and severed them. He kicked the organs over the side and 
they landed with a glooping noise on the ground below. 

"Okay Marsha. All we need to do now is add some stuffing and then you're 
ready." 

Before the man inserted the stuffing he took the end of a hose. He pressed 
the nozzle and cold water squirted out into Marsha's body cavity. She could 
feel the water as it exited out through her vagina passage. The man washed 
all the blood out and then sprayed the water up and down Marsha's body. 
He finished and turned off the hose. The proceeded to stuff the cavity. 

"Just to let you know Marsha, we only use the best ingredients. Of course, 
you're the main ingredient in this whole meal." laughed the man as he 
finished adding the stuffing. 

Marsha felt a needle into her skin. The man was sewing her belly back up. 

"There you go Marsha. And don't worry, I've never had one spit open yet." 

"Number five pit has opened up. Is she ready?" called a voice. 

Marsha desperately wanted to die. However she felt them as they retied 
her to the spit and carry her over to the roasting area. She even felt the 
hot coals nearby as she was laid across a table. Marsha desperately tried 
to tell them not to roast her alive, however she was having difficulty 
speaking. 

A flame gun was used to remove her pubic hair. Again Marsha just cried with 
the pain. All she felt now was pain, pain and more pain. She was rolled 
over on the table and sprayed with cooking oil. Marsha could smell the 
oil. She remembered rubbing it onto chops and sirloins before a barbecue 
back home. 

Once she was completely covered with oil she was airborne again and taken 
towards a pit. As Marsha watched her progression to her pit she heard a 
voice of a woman as she was being taken for spitting. The woman pleaded 
with the man to let her go. 

Fat chance, thought Marsha. 

Next thing Marsha knew was heat. She was laid across hot coals and left 
cooking over the pit. The heat was unbearable. All her skin nerve endings 
were lining up to her brain to protest at the pain they were being forced 
to endure. 

"Hi Marsha. I notice you're slipping on the spit. I'm going to insert a 
pussy post. It'll keep you in place as you turn." 

More pain as a large sharp metal prong was inserted into Marsha's vagina. 
Marsha heard the men talking about her and saying the word 'rare' a lot. 
She looked ahead as her view rotated a slow 360 degrees. Every few minutes 
she felt a cool brush against her body as she was basted. 

Marsha died ten minutes later. Her brain realised it was missing vital 
organs and oxygen. Over the next two hours Marsha turned on the spit. Her 
skin turned a nice golden brown. After three hours Marsha's body was 
removed from the spit, carved up and ready for eating by her chosen couple. 
_______________________ 

"Mistress, they just called ... the dinner is being served." 

A blonde haired woman turned to the voice. "Very well. We'll be there 
shortly." 

She turned back to her slave. The slave was caught stealing food and if 
there was anything that the Mistress detested the most, was a thief. 
The slave herself was now very aware of this. She was secured to a small 
stone table by knee straps. Attached to the collar on her neck was a rope 
going through an eyebolt in the ceiling. The other end of the rope was 
connected to a metal spike which had been inserted through the slave's 
breasts. This kept the slave kneeling upright. 

The slave had two more metal spikes, one through her thighs and another 
through her rump. Whip marks covered her entire body. The Mistress put 
the horse whip which was covered in sharp metal spikes on the ground near 
the stone table. 

Mistress turned to her assistant. "Give this worthless pig some stimulants. 
See that she lives until I return. I'll feed the bitch her cunt as her 
last meal." 

"Yes Mistress." said the assistant. 

The Mistress looked over to her husband. "Shall we go?" 

"After you my love." He had been enjoying the show. 

A few minutes later the couple watched as Marsha and Liz were carved up. 
The chef removed the women's breasts and body parts with skill. As was 
requested, Liz's cunt filet was given to the Mistress, very rare. 

"I hear Marsha lasted nearly ten minutes on the roasting spit, darling." 
said the husband. 

"Really?!" said Mistress. She wiped off a bit of cunt dribble from her 
chin. 

"Yes, remember our bet Mistress. If any woman lasts fifteen minutes or 
more, then ..." 

"Yeah yeah, I know. Fifteen minutes and I'll roast." finished Mistress 
taking another bite of her meal. 

She smiled. "I think I'd rather look forward to being roasted." 
_______________________ 

Meanwhile back in Chicago, Marsha's boss was pissed off and on the phone 
to Marsha's husband. 

"That's right Mr Edmunds. Your wife didn't show up for her speech. She 
really embarrassed the company and me ... Well, you tell Marsha when she 
checks in she'd better have a good excuse or I'll cook her ass. Goodbye!" 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





