BDSM Library - Almost Done




Almost Done
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two bi-sexual slave women are crucified by their Masters as the price they must pay to consummate their love.
Almost Done

        By jessica Gentry

The day is almost done, and quite frankly so am I.  I don't know how much longer
it will be before death takes me, but surely it will be soon. I won't really
mind dying on the cross; after all I did agree that this would be the price that
I would have to pay to be allowed to consummate my love. I look at my lover
crucified across from me and she in turn looks at me.  We both know that our
time on this earth is growing very short. If there is an afterlife, we certainly
will spend eternity together.  If not, it all will end here.

As I look across at her tortured nudity I realize again just how beautiful she
is and how lucky I was to have her as my lover even for the short time that we
were together. There is something about a girl on the cross that enhances her
beauty.  Not that my lover needs any enhancement, but to me at least she is more
beautiful in the final stages of our punishment.  I hope that she dies first. 
Her death will be the worst agony that I could possibly feel; that is why I want
to outlive her.  I want to spare her the agony of seeing me die.  Although she
and I have both been crucified before, this is the first time that we have been
nailed to the cross, and of course this time we will be allowed to die.  I look
at her one more time before the end and mouth the words, "I love you."  She in
turn mouths the words back to me.

Neither of us is able to do the dance any longer, so I guess our life expectancy
can be measured in minutes now. Actually, looking at her hanging limply, I think
she may have already expired, if not she certainly will not waken again before
she dies.  At least I have been able to spare her the sight of me dying. For
that I am grateful.  I think my turn at death will come any time now. I am
ready.

I guess that I should explain how we arrived at this point.  For those of you
who know me, you know I am a slave who has been crucified twice before. My lover
has been crucified on at least four prior occasions, perhaps more.  The number
of times is unimportant; what matters is that this time will be the final
crucifixion for both of us.

I told the story of my first crucifixion to this group some time ago.  After my
story was posted, my lover first contacted me.  We wrote several letters to each
other, comparing our lives, our slavery and our crucifixions.  It soon became
apparent just how similar we were.  We kept corresponding, and before long we
fell in love. She was permitted by her Master to send me some photos of herself,
and she was as beautiful as I knew she would be.  I was not even permitted to
send her my pictures.  I felt terrible about this, but when you are a slave, you
obey your Master.   I fell more in love with her with each new letter, and she
with me.  Our love progressed to the point where we were both head over heels in
love with each other.  She shared every detail of her life with me, and I with
her.

The point soon came where we decided that we simply must meet in person to
further explore our love for each other.  The problem was that my Master simply
refused to consider it. My lover's Master would not agree to our meeting in
person either.  So here we were, two frustrated lovers resigning ourselves to
the fact that the only love we would ever have would be in cyberspace.  And what
a marvelous love that was.  We would fantasize for hours on end of what we would
do with each other and to each other.  We would torture each other and make love
to each other for hours on end.  I described scenarios to her that drove her
wild with passion, and her dreams excited me like I have never been excited
before.

The point came where we decided that we simply must meet each other. I don't
remember who had the idea first, and it really doesn't matter, but one of us
came up with the idea that each of us would beg our Master to allow us to meet. 
We would agree to any terms, to pay any price, whatever, to be allowed to meet. 
We each made this proposal to our Masters and they in turn contacted each other. 
I never will forget the day my Master informed me of their decision. 

My lover and I would be granted one week together alone in a secluded cabin.  We
would have this week to share our lives, to consummate our love and to be
totally free.  At the end of this week, we would pay the price.  We would be
nailed to our crosses and crucified to death.  I was indeed horrified to hear
the terms that were being offered, but there was to be no negotiation allowed. 
I was to take it or leave it.  I knew that I simply could not go on living under
the present circumstances, and I accepted. Within a day or so, I was informed
that my lover had also accepted the terms.

It took almost a month for our Masters to arrange everything, but when all the
arrangements were made, my Master drove me to a secluded cabin in the mountains. 
The cabin was on a beautiful lake, and there were absolutely no other houses
within miles of it.  It was well stocked with anything that we could possibly
need or want.  My Master left me there and told me that he would be back for me
in one week.  He then left me alone at the cabin.  Within an hour, another car
drove up, and my lover was dropped off by her Master.  Soon he too left, and my
lover and I were finally alone with each other.

We looked at each other for a moment or two, and then fell into each other's
arms.  Before long, we were ripping the clothes from each other's bodies, and
when we were naked, we ravished each other like starving animals.  The details
of our lovemaking are not important to the telling of this story, but suffice it
to say that it was a week of lovemaking that I will never forget.

We remained naked for the entire week, hiking, swimming, playing and of course
making love. We played at torturing each other, and we even had a cross in the
yard that we took turns torturing each other on.  At one point I turned my lover
into a sundae, syrup, whipped cream, nuts and all.  When I ate my sundae I had
her screaming with pleasure.  She also had many surprises for me. We showered
together frequently, and spent hours in the hot tub. We must have been the
cleanest two women on earth.

That week was the most wonderful time of my life.  Being awakened by having a
nipple nibbled on, or coming awake finding my pussy being eaten; and yes she was
awakened by me in a few interesting ways also.

Our favorite game was for one of us to be tied helpless and the other to bring
her to the brink of orgasm over and over again without allowing her to cum.  The
"victim" would beg and plead to be allowed to cum and the torturer would only
laugh.  Eventually the victim would be allowed to cum and cum and cum again in a
series of mind shattering orgasms.  It was great to be on either side of that
game.

As the week progressed, a kind of melancholy set in, each of us realizing that
not only was the end of our marvelous time together growing nearer, but also the
time when we would have to pay the ultimate price for our pleasures.  Our time
together was so wonderful, but also so sad.

When the week finally ended, and we saw our Masters' cars approaching we held on
to each other for dear life.  We were sobbing because we knew that we never
would hold each other again, and the pain of the moment was sobering indeed. We
spent a short time in conversation with our Masters, and we both told them that
we were happy with the decision that we had made. If we had to do it all over
again, we would have made the same decision, despite the terrible price that we
were about to pay.  Before long, our Masters were busy constructing our crosses
while we could only watch helplessly in despair.  They were finished much to
soon to suit me.

It was now time to pay the price for our wonderful time together, and without
further delay we were tied for our whippings.  We were tied with our arms up and
our legs spread far apart, exposing everything we had to offer to the whip.  Our
Masters then started our whippings.  They took turns whipping both of us so that
we each were whipped not only by our own Master, but also by our lover's Master. 
The whipping was as hard as any that I have ever received and went on for what
seemed like an eternity and no part of either of us was spared the lash. 
Finally, our whippings were concluded. Each of us was panting like a dog, and
our bodies were covered with sweat from head to toe, not to mention that our
blood was freely flowing down our horribly abused bodies. The pain was one of
the worst that I have ever felt.  Then, at long last we were freed from our
bondage.

As it turned out this was just a prelude to the next act.  Our Masters next
raped and sodomized us repeatedly paying little attention to which slave
belonged to who. Make no mistake, the ravaging that we received could in no way
be called making love.  Our rape and sodomy was nothing more than an additional
torture.  When our Masters were sated, it was time for the procession of the
crosses to be carried by my lover and me.  Our Masters had prepared signs, which
they attached to our nipple rings prior to the procession.  Each was about six
inches by twelve inches and they were heavy; especially considering they were
hung from our nipples.  My sign said, "Lesbian Whore," and my lover's sign said,
"Unfaithful Slave."

We proceeded to carry our crosses to the site of the crucifixions with the signs
painfully swinging from our nipples, and of course we were whipped if we either
stumbled or were not fast enough to please our Masters.  Thank God neither of us
fell; it only would have made things so much worse.  Finally we arrived at the
site of our crucifixions thoroughly beaten and exhausted.  The signs were
finally removed from our breasts and nailed to the top of our crosses. My Master
explained that he wanted nothing to interfere with the view that he would have
of our naked crucified bodies.   Without delay, we were then tied to our crosses
at wrists and ankles.  It was now time for our nailing and quite frankly we both
were terrified. My lover's hands were nailed to her cross first, and her screams
of agony hurt me worse than any agony, which I have ever suffered.

It was now my turn, and a nail was hammered first through one of my palms and
then the other.  It was now my turn to scream the agony of the damned, and
scream I did. I could not believe the depth of the pain.  I guess I must have
upset my lover as much as she had upset me with her screams.  I couldn't help
but notice that these were not large spikes but rather looked like ordinary
carpenter's nails. Evidently, they were not meant to bear our weight, but were
solely for the purpose of causing pain.  If that was their intent, it certainly
was successful.  Also, our feet were not nailed to our crosses.  This too was a
very pleasant surprise.

Now that we were fastened to our crosses, our Masters took one of us at a time,
raised her cross and dropped it into the holes that already had been dug.  The
shock of being dropped into the hole of course increased the unbelievable pain
in our hands. They then filled the holes with rocks and dirt, and finally it was
done; we were crucified. 

And so, after the conclusion of the most wonderful week of my life, my lover and
I were now crucified, naked and nailed, across from each other, each with a
perfect view of each other's torture.  For those of you that have been
crucified, I really don't have to put the experiences of the next hours into
words, you know.  For those of you who have never been crucified, I will try to
adequately describe what happened in those hours.  Words, however, cannot begin
to do justice to the horrible experience.

It was not long before the familiar horrors of crucifixion began for my lover
and me once again.  This time, however, each of us had one new torment that we
had not previously experienced, the agony of the nails through our hands.  The
reality of crucifixion is that no part of your body is spared agony.  First the
familiar pain began in my arms and spread slowly to my shoulders and torso.  Of
course after awhile I began having trouble breathing and the pain continued its
travel into my chest and abdomen.  Watching my lover going through the same
progression of pain that I was going through made everything so much worse.

The "dance" is the next thing that began for us.  The repetitive use of the legs
to push us up enabling us to breath and then the lowering of ourselves to
relieve the pain in our legs.  A continuous cycle of monumental agony.  I saw in
my lover a mirror image of the torments that I was going through. I looked over
at her again in her torments and reminded myself just how beautiful she was.
Aside from her face, which was perfection, I marveled at the depth of beauty
shown by her concave muscled belly with all of her ribs fully showing, and yes
her beautiful heaving breasts.  Breasts that I would never again feel or kiss. 
Nipples that I would never again suckle or nibble on. She represented perfection
to me, and I was so sad that such perfection was going to be allowed to die. I
cried.

As you all know life can be very unfair, but I thought about just how unfair it
had become to my lover and me.  One minute we had everything that we could
possibly want, and the next minute we were in the process of losing absolutely
everything. I prayed once again that there really is an afterlife.  An afterlife
that my lover and I could share. I don't want everything to end today. I
resigned myself yet again to the fact that I no longer controlled my destiny.

After a time, it progressed to the hottest part of the day, and now my lover and
I were sweating profusely.  In addition we are both fair skinned and we were
starting to turn red.  Before long we would be completely sunburned and in
additional agony because of that.  If we were alive tomorrow that sunburn would
be devastating.  Of course, that was not going to be a problem. Perhaps out of
kindness, or perhaps to prolong our agony and their enjoyment our Masters
offered us water from sponges that had been soaking in a pail. We drank as
greedily as we could, but even the small amount of moisture that I was taking in
had trouble going down my throat.

Our backs and our asses were constantly rubbing against the wood of our crosses
while we did our dance.  That constant abrasion on our well-whipped skin was
just one more torment in a long series of torments.  The constant motion opened
up wounds that had started to heel, and once again blood flowed freely from both
of us.

At this point I started praying for a quick death.  I knew from experience,
however, that both my lover and I still had a long time to go before we were
granted the mercy of our deaths. No sane person in good health wants to die, but
when a painful death is inevitable one tends to wish that it would come sooner. 
Whether we hung for another two hours or ten, the ultimate result would be the
same.  I also could not wait to find out if my lover and I would spend eternity
in each other's arms. That would be so wonderful, but even the alternative,
nothingness, was far preferable to the agonies of slowly dying on the cross.

I knew from experience that my next humiliation would be the necessity or
urinating.  The pressure slowly increased until it became unbearable and before
long, I lost control and did pee myself.  I felt so much shame at having done
this with my lover watching, but I'm sure she did not care one way or the other. 
Sometime later it happened to her and I sympathized with her humiliation.

It was now becoming extremely difficult to breathe.  My body was totally
exhausted physically, and I was rapidly losing my ability to do the dance.
Looking across at my lover, I saw the same things happening to her.  At this
point in the day, I probably had my last few coherent thoughts. My lover and I
were still so young, but we would not get any older.  We never again would hold
each other, kiss or make love. Within a matter of a short period of time we
would both be dead and the world would continue as if we were never there. How
sad. How insignificant we were in the grand scheme of things.

I looked back on my short life and decided that it was a good life.  I lived
every minute of my adult life doing exactly what I wanted to do.  How many
people can say that? I was happy almost all of the time.  No matter what was
done to me and no matter how horrible these things were, it was my choice.  My
lover also must be thinking the same thoughts.  Her short life was also about to
end.  I wonder if she was as content as I was. I certainly hoped so.  When we
did die, we would be dying for each other and for the love that we shared. 
There are many worse reasons to die.

Both of us have fainted many times now, and each time we have been revived by
having ice-cold water thrown on us.  How ironic, shivering from the cold while
we are being roasted by the sun.  I don't know how many more times, if any, we
will be able to be revived.  At least the sun is setting now, that will help
some.  But whom am I kidding, we will be dead soon enough.

I look at my lover one more time before the end and mouth the words, "I love
you."  She in turn mouths the words back to me.

Neither of us is able to do the dance any longer, so I guess our life expectancy
can be measured in minutes now.  Actually, looking at her hanging limply, I
think she may have already expired, if not she certainly will not waken again
before she dies.  At least I have been able to spare her the sight of me dying. 
For that I am grateful. I think my turn at death will come any time now.  I am
ready.

As I feel consciousness leaving me for what surely will be the last time, I ask
myself was it worth it?  The last thought that I ever have on this earth is the
answer to my question, just one word. --  Absolutely!


Epilogue 

I awoke lying in a bed.  It took me quite some time to come to the realization
that I was alive and what I was seeing and experiencing was really happening,
not some kind of a dream.  I was still naked, although I was covered with a
sheet.  My entire body had been covered with a soothing salve that really felt
good on me. I looked at my hands and saw that they were heavily bandaged.  My
Master was holding one of them. There was an intravenous hooked up to one of my
arms.  I looked over to my Master with what must have been an incredulous look.

Over the next few minutes he explained many things to me.  My lover was also
alive and in no worse shape than I was.  We both would recover fully eventually. 
Her Master was with her and both of us were receiving medical attention.  We
were receiving fluids, painkillers and antibiotics through the I.V. 

At that point, I must have drifted off to sleep again, but some time later when
I awoke again my Master continued his explanations.  It turns out that it was
never intended for my lover and me to die on our crosses.  For the reality of
the crucifixion itself, and to test our love for each other as well as to test
our resolve, we were led to believe that we would be crucified to death. In
actuality we really were allowed to come very close to death; as close as our
Masters would chance it.

My Master once again told me how much he loved me, and how proud of me he was. 
He held my hand and kissed me as I drifted in and out of consciousness. When I
could trust myself to think straight, I decided that I had a lot of thinking to
do. I thought long and hard about my situation and after some severe soul
searching I made my decision.

Slavery, no matter how severe still encompasses consent on some level.  The
bounds of my own slavery, and indeed whether it would continue at all were now
about to be tested by the decisions I had made.  I prepared myself mentally for
the most important conversation that I would ever have in my life. It would not
surprise me at all to find out that my lover was preparing to have a very
similar conversation with her Master.  Finally, when my Master came in to see me
once again we had that conversation.

"You do realize that things cannot go back to the way they were, don't you Sir?"
I asked my Master.

"Yes, I do, Jessica." he replied.

I continued, "You do know that I cannot give her up and that I will never give
her up, don't you, Master."

"Yes Jess, I know that," he answered. "Her Master and I were just discussing
that.  We have agreed that the two of you shall be allowed to meet at least
twice a year from now on, perhaps three times. How does that sound to you,
slave?"

"That sounds perfectly wonderful Master, it is more than your humble slave
expected," I immediately replied. "Thank you, so very much, Sir for your
kindness."

It was now my Master's turn. "YOU do realize that there will be extremely high
prices to pay for my benevolence and for the benevolence of her Master, don't
you slave?"

I replied immediately, "Yes Master, absolutely Sir, I understand that she and I
must be punished severely for the privileges that have been bestowed on us. I
would expect no less from you, Sir.  Thank you so much, Master."

I spoke these last words with what must have been the most radiant smile that
the world has ever seen. My Master is indeed a very wise man.

That night I slept like a baby.  I slept the sleep of the just.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jessica Gentry


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





