BDSM Library - Conquering Supergirl




Conquering Supergirl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Supergirl meets her match in the Black Scorpion.
Conquering Supergirl
by Couture

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

"I see your five dollars and raise you another three," Lexi said.

"I'm out," Jill said.  "This is too rich for my blood."

Stacy's stomach felt like an empty pit.  She had never been this close to
winning before, but Lexi had just priced her right out of the hand.  It was so
unfair.  "I don't have that many chips."

Lexi grinned.  "Stacy, you remember what you said earlier about hypnosis being a
bunch of garbage?"

"Yes," Stacy Admitted.

"Tell you what."  Lexi pushed all her remaining chips into the middle.  "You
win, you get the whole kitty.  I win, you let me hypnotize you."

"Deal," Stacy said quickly, pushing her chips into the center of the table, and
then laying out her cards with a flourish.  "Full house.  Read 'em and weep." 
She had always wanted the say that, and she beamed with excitement.  Her arms
were already reaching out to capture her well deserved loot.

"Not so fast."  Lexi laid down her hand.  "Full house, aces over tens." 

Stacy sagged in her seat in defeat.  It was so unfair.  She never won.

"Now, I believe someone is about to get very sleepy," Lexi grinned.

*************

There was something involved with a crystal hanging from a string and then her
arm being heavy, but it was all a bunch of crap.  Hypnotized hah!  Stacy took
delight in telling Lexi that she wasn't hypnotized at all, served her right for
winning the poker match. 

The funny thing was Lexi still had that smug look on her face.  Must have been
gloating about all the money she won.  Anyway, Stacy had things to do. 
Important things she couldn't tell Lexi or Ellen about.  Things much more
serious than the poker game.  Things like fighting crime and keeping the world
safe from evil.  "Good night Lexi.  Good night Ellen," she said, practically
flying up the stairs to her bedroom.

Her costume was lying on the bed, right out in the open.  How strange.  She
distinctly remembered hiding it behind a false panel in her closet.  'Maybe I
put it out before I went downstairs,' she thought.  She quickly stripped and put
her costume on.  Again, there was the feeling that something wasn't quite right.  
For one thing it was too tight.  Her nipples poked through the tightly stretched
fabric across her chest and the bottom of the leotard was digging uncomfortably
into her crotch.  It was almost as if it were made for someone smaller - someone
like her roommate Ellen. 

There was a cry for help downstairs that startled Stacy out of her ruminations. 
What could be happening *here*, in her own house?  Bad things were never
supposed to happen here.  She hesitated momentarily, wondering whether to change
back to her civilian garb, but another cry sent her running downstairs to find
Ellen tied to a chair in the middle of the living room.  Great stars, who was
the strange masked woman standing behind Ellen and where was Lexi? 

"Welcome home Superbitch!" the black garbed villain said, absently pulling on a
lock of Ellen's long hair.  Ellen looked at Stacy as if to say, what are you
going to do to rescue me?

Supergirl didn't recognize the woman speaking to her with such foul language. 
For sure, the villainess was due for a lesson in manners and a trip to jail. 
See how smug she would be wearing prison orange, instead of the positively
scandalous costume she was wearing.  It wasn't so much a superhero costume as
something off the rack from Victoria's Secret.  Not much to fight in that was
for sure.

"Unhand her you dastardly villainess," Stacy said with authority.

"My name is ah . . . Black ah - Scorpion, yeah that's it, Black Scorpion, and I
have a surprise for you Stupid Girl," the woman thrust her hips forward, causing
Ellen to cringe and shrink away. 

'My God,' Supergirl thought, her eyes growing wide in shock.  'This woman has a
cock strapped to her pelvis.  Black Scorpion must surely be crazy - demented
even.'

"That's right Superslut," Black Scorpion cackled.  "I have a kryptonite cock!"

"No . . ." Supergirl gasped.  She turned to fly away, but it was too late, her
powers had fled.  Black Scorpion grabbed her from behind and pulled her down and
Supergirl felt her strength rapidly dwindling to nothing.

The Black Scorpion gloated over the defeat of her nemesis.  She taunted the
helpless girl with the kryptonite cock, rubbing it over her face, her breasts,
her ass, and the lips of her sex which bulged from around the red fabric pulled
tightly between them.  "What's the matter Superslut?  You don't like cock?"

"No," Supergirl breathed.  Black Scorpion would never understand.  She was
Supergirl and she had to serve as a pillar of morality to the many children that
looked up to her.  She might have sex one day, but it would only be after she
was married.  Oh God, what was going on?  She felt her bottoms being pulled down
by this evil villainess.

The Black Scorpion hadn't planned to go this far, but having the beautiful
blonde on all fours, and totally helpless, made her hot.  Made her
uncontrollably hot.  And when she looked beneath Supergirl's tiny pleated red
skirt, seeing those hungry lips gobbling on the red fabric of her bottoms; it
had made up her mind.  That they would come off was a forgone conclusion.  And
that she would spread that pink blossom by the short hairs of her blonde curly
pubes . . . well it was natural, that's all. 

"Have you ever been fucked, Supergirl?" Black Scorpion asked, placing the head
of her kryptonite cock at the mouth of Supergirl's moist sex.

"No. . ."

"You're about to be," Black Scorpion said.  "I'm going to fuck you with my
kryptonite cock.  I'm going to fuck all your super powers away.  I'm going to
fuck you till you see stars.  I'm going to fuck you till you're raw . . .fuck
you till you're  . . . ordinary."

"No . . . oh God please no."  The world needed her.  She couldn't let her
superpowers be taken away.

Black scorpion ran a long nail over Supergirl's ass, teasing her asshole briefly
and drawing out a moan.  She slowly trailed it up over Stacy's blonde curly
locks and the delved down into the moist pink lips of her sex.  "You're wet
Supergirl.  I think you want it."  She looked up at Ellen and grinned wickedly. 
"Or maybe you like girls.  Is that it?

Supergirl certainly had no intention of being with a woman, even though she
supported the rights of all minorities including homosexuals.  She shook her
head no.

"Too bad," said Black Scorpion.  "If you liked girls, perhaps I wouldn't fuck
you with my kryptonite cock."

Oh god . . . oh god.  She had no choice.  "I like girls," she lied.

"Prove it," Black Scorpion grinned, and twinkled evilly as she looked up at
Ellen.  "With her."

Ellen grunted from behind her gag and struggled like mad.  It was no use.  The
ropes were tight.  This had gone too far a long time ago.  Now it was . . . a
crime.

"I'm sorry Ellen," Supergirl said.  "But I have to do this.  Don't you see, it's
for the good of mankind?"  The pretty blonde began to kiss the olive skin of her
roommate's bare thighs.  She placed a hand on each of her knees and tried to
open them, but couldn't due to her kryptonite induced weakness.  "Please Ellen." 
She kissed again, running her long tongue over the valley of her tightly drawn
legs.  "This isn't just about you and me.  This is about the fate of humanity." 
Tears welled in her eyes, as she thought of a world no longer under her
protection.

"Yes Ellen," Black Scorpion said expansively, but laughingly.  "The fate of the
world hangs in the balance."

"Please," Supergirl begged.  She caressed Ellen's breasts through her long
nightshirt.  "For me."

Ellen's eyes pleaded one last time, and then her body sagged against her bonds. 
This time when Supergirl pushed against Ellen's knees, her thighs parted
willingly if reluctantly.  The costumed heroine put her mouth against Ellen's
pantied mound and kissed, making loud moaning sounds, doing her best to appease
Black Scorpion - to make her think she was gay.

But Black Scorpion wasn't fooled for one moment.  "Do it right, goddamnit."  She
pushed the dildo against Supergirl's pussy in warning.

Poor Supergirl.  The heroine was forced to arch her back and display herself in
a most indecent manner to escape the deadly touch of the kryptonite phallus. 
There was no hope for it.  She pulled the gusset of Ellen's white panties to the
side, exposing her soaking wet sex.  'For the good of mankind,' she thought, and
stuck out her tongue and licked the silken pink petals of a girl's sex for the
first time.

"Let me see you," Black Scorpion said.  "Pull your hair to the side."

Stacy reluctantly pulled her long blonde hair to the side.  She dared not look
at Black Scorpion or her roommate Ellen.  She was far too humiliated.  Things
like this just didn't happen to super heroes.

"I can't hear you anymore," Black Scorpion warned.

Supegirl resumed her moaning, groaning, licking, and slurping.  It was all fake
of course.  Staged for the benefit of the Black Scorpion. 

"That's it, lick that pussy," Black Scorpion taunted.  "Who would have thought
Supergirl was a queer?  Come on queer, close those sexy thighs around my cock."

Black Scorpion began to pump her dildo in the triangle created between
Supergirl's thighs and sex.  Every thrust pushed it between the gorgeous hero's
pussy lips.  This sensation combined with the slapping of Black Scorpions pelvis
against her ass had turned Supergirl's staged moans into real groans of
pleasure. 

"Do it Superbitch," Black Scorpion demanded.  "Lick that pussy.  Suck her clit. 
Suck it hard."

Ellen's breath hissed in and out of her nose.  Her sweat soaked chest heaved. 
The pretty blonde head between her thighs was driving her insane with pleasure. 
This was evil.  If not evil, it was certainly wrong.  Oh, but it felt so good.  

The same thoughts ran through Supergirl's head.  She was being forced.  Forced
to engage in deviant sex by a dastardly villainess.   She should be thinking of
a way out of this horrible situation, not bucking back against the pelvis that
thrust against her ass.

Black Scorpion was high on the sexual thrill.  High on the pretty caped blonde's
submission.  She pulled her cock out from between Supergirl's athletic thighs
and teased the girl's clit and the mouth of her sex with the bulbous head.  She
grinned as she noticed that Supergirl didn't flinch from the touch.

"Beg me bitch," Black Scorpion hissed.  "Beg me to fuck your powers away."

"No," Supergirl gasped from between Ellen's thighs.

Black Scorpion spanked the blonde superhero, pinched her nipples, spanked her
asshole and pussy with the strapon cock.  Finally she put the head of the cock
in her pussy and teased her relentlessly.  "Beg for it."

"No. . ."

Black Scorpion repeated the procedure.  This time pulling Supergirl's legs
widely apart, her ass arched high into the air.  "That's the perfect position
for a Superslut," she said.  "Now, beg for it."

Ellen was now on her second orgasm.  Supergirl's face was wet with her juices. 
It wasn't fair.  Stacy was horny, and she needed to cum as well.  But the fate
of the world and all her super powers hung in the balance.  "No . . ."

She didn't make it through the final round of teasing.  Her strong will
crumbled.  "Please. . ." she begged.

"Please what?" Black Scorpion said, placing the head of the strapon at the
entrance to Supergirl's sex and beginning a gentle in and out motion.

"Please . . . fuck me."  Supergirl cried in shame.  She had been defeated. 
Defeated by her weakness and sexual needs. 

"Tell me what I want to hear," said Black Scorpion.

"Fuck me. . ." Supergirl cried.  "Ugh - fuck my - ah - oh god- fuck -my -
superpowers away."  She didn't deserve them.  Not after this.  What kind of role
model was she?  Scorpion was right.  She was just a super slut.



The point was driven home by the kryptonite cock spearing into her sex.  The
first few thrusts hurt, but after that, it was pure heaven.  As a matter of
fact, she found herself responding, her body moving in time with Black
Scorpion's. 

"That's it Superslut," Black Scorpion said, leaning back so that the other end
of the cock pushed against 'the perfect spot' there within her own sex.  "Fuck
it.  Fuck that cock."

Stacy wriggled her hips from side to side in search of stimulation, but Black
Scorpion held still.  Her only hope for reaching orgasm was to take an active
role in the sex.  She looked up at Ellen.  God, she was staring at her.  There
was no way to hide it.  What did it matter?  Her powers were gone.  She was just
a regular girl now. 

She pushed back, impaling herself.  Back and forth she moved.  She was doing it. 
She was fucking herself.  She bucked faster.  Black Scorpion pulled her body
close.  Kissed her hard, raping her mouth as Supergirl raped her own sex.  Oh
God, she was gonna cum.

"You love it don't you," Black Scorpion said.  "You love my evil ass."

"Ugh. . ." Supergirl growled.  "No . . .no . . . oh no - ugh ugh God gonna cum.
. ."  Warmth flooded Supergirl's loins and boiled over.  Her body spasmed and
writhed as she orgasmed, her super powers leaving her forever.

"Sleep Stacy - Sleep," Black Scorpion said, and Supergirl slumped to the floor.

Lexi smiled and wiped the sweat from her forehead.   She got up and stroked
Ellen's face, and then snatched the duck tape from her mouth.

"Ouch!" Ellen cried.  "Jesus Lexi, untie me right now.  You had no right."

Lexi took a finger and stuck it in Ellen's mouth.  Ellen almost gagged.  The
finger tasted of Stacy.  "You enjoyed it," Lexi said.  "I watched you come."

"But my God," Ellen stammered.  "That was - that was . . ."  She didn't want to
put the word to it.  She had willingly helped set it all up.  She just didn't
know everything that was planned.

"She wanted to do it.  She begged for it.  And you let her."

It was hard to think.  Yes, it happened as Lexi said, but it had been Lexi that
Stacy.

"I bet I know a way to fix it," said Lexi, as she dangled a crystal in front of
Ellen. 

Oh no!  It was the crystal she used to hypnotize Stacy.  "No, please Lexi,"
Ellen pleaded, tears welling in her eyes.  "I'll be quiet about it.  Honest, I
won't tell anyone."

"About anything?"  Lexi wasn't sure she could hypnotize Ellen anyway.  She
probably could if Ellen believed it was possible, but if Ellen believed it was
possible, it wouldn't be necessary.  Not now anyway.  Later, who knew, Lexi had
lots of ideas.

"About anything," Ellen assured her roommate.  "Just don't screw with my head,
okay?"

"Okay," Lexi said.  "But if you fuck with me, I can do a lot worse than
Supergirl.  I can make you think you are a dog.  Or a stripper, how bout a
hooker?"

"Please Lexi," Ellen whined.  "I'm begging you.  I won't tell anybody about
anything.  Ever."

"Good girl," Lexi said, untying her roommate.  "Now help me get Stacy to bed."

Ellen helped Lexi put Stacy to bed before leaving the two alone together.  Lexi
considered making Stacy forget about everything that had happened.  It would
have been safest.  It certainly wasn't the most fun.  Instead she added some
naughty suggestions while the girl was under.

"Stacy, you are in a very deep sleep and you are going to obey my every
command," Lexi said after putting the girl under.  "First, all your superpowers
are gone.  You are okay with that and will not try to do anything stupid, like
try to fly or something stupid like that.  You are still Supergirl, but you will
never ever tell anyone about it.  There are a lot of evil villains out there
that could do some pretty nasty things if they found out your secret identity. 
Do you understand Stacy?"

"Yes," Stacy said dully.

Then Lexi thought of an even more interesting twist.  God, it was so diabolical,
it was making her wet again.  "And Stacy.  Imagine that my hand is on a dial
that controls how sexy and horny you feel.  What is it usually set on right
now?"

"It's set on four."

Interesting, Lexi had guessed a two.  "Stacy, I'm turning it all the way to ten
right now.  All the way up.  Can you feel it?"

It was obvious Stacy felt it.  Her hips lifted from the bed and her legs spread
wide.  "Ahhh!" she cried.  "Ugh- oh God - oh God!" 

"I'm turning it down now, Stacy," Lexi said.  "Down to nine.  Down to eight -
seven - six." 

Stacy's hips slowly drifted back to the bed.  She was still hot though, her
thighs slid sexily against one another.  Soft mewls escaped her lips.

"Good girl," Lexi said.  "Now Stacy, I want you to imagine trying to turn it
back to ten with your own hand, but it's so hard to turn you can't do it." 
Lexi's fingers caressed her roommate's wet sex. 

Stacy was reacting.  Her body seeking Lexi's touch.  However, the sounds coming
from her lips sounded agitated . . . frustrated.

"That's right Stacy," Lexi said.  "It takes someone with superpowers to turn
your knob.  Only me or Black Scorpion can turn your knob.  We're the only two
people that can give you an orgasm.  Say it."

"Only you or Black Scorpion can give me an orgasm."

"Good girl," Lexi said.  "And where is the dial stuck at until me or Black
Scorpion changes it?"

"Six."

"That's my good girl," Lexi said.  "Now at the count of ten you won't be
hypnotized anymore, you'll just go to sleep and wake up tomorrow morning bright
and early.  Ten - nine - eight -seven - six -five -four - three - two  - one."

Stacy shifted to her side and small snores sounded steadily.

Lexi bent and kissed the disheveled blonde on the forehead.  "Good night
supergirl."

"Mmm-ughh. . ." Stacy moaned lightly due to a particularly interesting dream.

*************

That week was both good and bad for Stacy.  The good news was that Ellen
promised to never mention her secret identity and forget about that whole
business with Black Scorpion.  The bad news was that Stacy couldn't get it out
of her mind.  She was constantly fantasizing about it and she was . . . well
perpetually hot.  She had tried several times to take care of business, but it
was a no go.  The last time that she had an orgasm was when being fucked by
Black Scorpion's kryptonite cock. 

Stacy shifted in her seat and pressed her thighs tightly together and squeezed. 
To make matters worse, Lexi wasn't helping things.  While Stacy was trying to
watch CNN in an effort to forget about her horniness, Lexi came into the room in
her underwear and started doing her yoga stretches.  God, you could see
practically everything.  Did the girl have no shame?  Didn't she know that Ellen
was due back home and that her boyfriend might come in with her?  And didn't she
know how sexy her ass looked in that position?  'What am I thinking?' Stacy
wondered. 

"You staring at me Stacy?" Lexi asked.

"No," Stacy replied defensively.

"It's okay if you want to look," Lexi said.  "I don't care."  To prove it, she
turned so that she was facing Stacy and put her legs behind her shoulders and
rolled back.  Every part of her, from her mons to her labia was displayed
through the tightly drawn fabric of her panties.

Stacy couldn't stop from touching herself.  God, she was going to embarrass
herself at this rate.  "I'll be upstairs," she said, and quickly got up and
left.
Lexi waited for a few minutes before quietly going to Stacy's bedroom and
sticking her ear to the door.  She smiled upon hearing the girl's frustrated
moans.  Her hand traveled down to her panties and she began to caress herself.  
Fuck, it was so hot knowing that she could come right here while Stacy couldn't. 
She was well on her way until the front door opened.  Shit!  Ellen was home. 
Lexi padded downstairs and looked around the corner.   Good, it was only Ellen. 
Her boyfriend must have dropped her off.

"Hey, Ell," Lexi said, walking out from around the corner.  "You have a good
time?"

"Damn Lexi," Ellen said seeing her underdressed roommate.  "What if I had
invited Rob in?"

Lexi shrugged her shoulders.  "But you didn't."

"Yeah, well okay," Ellen said.  "But, yes, I had fun tonight.  Oh, but don't go
see the Matrix.  It sucked big time."

"I'll make a point of it," Lexi said.  Her thoughts weren't on the Matrix or
Ellen, they were on a certain blonde masturbating upstairs.

"Lexi," Ellen said, pointing down to Lexi's crotch.  "Ahhh, you are like leaking
or something."

"Oh," Lexi said, noticing the damp state of her panties and shrugged.  "You sort
of interrupted something."

"Well, don't feel bad," Ellen said.  "I had something similar happen to me
tonight.  Rob's roommate came in while we were in the process so to speak.  We
had to finish up in the car.  I thought those days were over when I started
college."

A plan started to form.  "So you and Rob," Lexi said with a devious grin. 
"Right before you came in?"

"That's none of your business Lexi."

"Okay, you're right," Lexi said.  "But before I go to bed, can you do me one big
favor?"

"I guess," Ellen said dubiously. 

"Nothing like that.  Just wait here."

Lexi returned with a clunky plastic red watch.  It was really cool, but she had
never found anything to match it.  But, she was going to get her money's worth
tonight . . . hopefully. 

"I want you to wear this for me."

"Why?"

"Just cause," Lexi said.  "Come on . . . puh leaze."

Lexi buckled it on her roommate's wrist, then said, "Oops I gotta go to the
girl's room."  She went to the bathroom, turned the light on, and the shower. 
Waited until Ellen came to the door and beat on it.

"Damn it Lexi, I needed the shower."

'I know you do,' Lexi thought to herself, and peaked out the door until Ellen
went to the kitchen.  She left the shower on and closed the bathroom door back,
and then went to her room, keeping the lights off.  She logged into her email
and sent a hastily composed message, praying silently that Stacy's computer was
on.

It was.  Stacy had given up on pleasuring herself and was fantasizing about
Black Scorpion when her computer beeped.  She had an email - an important email
from the Justice League.  Her heart raced.  The more she read, the more her
excitement gave way to horror.  Ellen's life was in peril!"

She stormed out of her bedroom, her naked state forgotten.  "Ellen!" she cried,
praying her roommate was home from her date.  "Ellen!"

"In here," Ellen replied from the kitchen.

"Oh thank God," Stacy said, as she hurried to the kitchen. 

"Whash wong," Ellen mumbled, the peanut butter sandwich she was eating stuck to
the roof of her mouth.

"No time to explain," Stacy said.  "but don't worry, I'll save you."

Stacy went down to her knees, reached beneath Ellen's short skirt, and proceeded
to pull her panties down. 

What the hell?  Ellen tried to escape, but she trapped in the corner.  She tried
to fend the girl off with her free hand, but Stacy was determined.  "My God,
stop!" Ellen pleaded.  "I was with - I was with -"

My boyfriend, she was going to say, but it was too late.  Stacy was already down
there.  Licking her.  Fuck - fuck, sucking Rob's cum from her pussy.  It was
disgusting.  It was hot as hell.

'I can't believe I'm doing this," Stacy thought to herself.  She had discovered
for herself what Ellen had tried to say.  She had already had sex tonight.  Her
pussy smelled of sex, tasted of Ellen, combined wiht the salty cum of her
boyfriend.  Damn that Black Scorpion for reducing her to this state - for
perverting her - for stealing superpowers, and turning her into the lowest of
the low.  Her own pussy was still wet, had been all day.

"God - My God - what on earth. . ." Ellen gasped.  "Stacy, this is wrong. 
Dirty."  But her resistance was fading fast.  She slid down the counter, until
she was on the floor, her miniskirt hiked, and her legs spread wide.

Stacy followed, licking, tongue flicking, mouth sucking and fucking faster and
faster.  Hurry . . . hurry . . .please hurry.  Ellen cried out, dropped her
sandwich, and grabbed Stacy by the head and pulled her tightly against her sex. 
Her toes curled.  Her hips pumped. 

"Thank God," Stacy said, smiling and very relieved, despite the red wet ragged
condition of her face.  "We made it in the nick of time.  Now it's safe to take
this bomb off your wrist." 

'Damnit Lexi, I should have known you were behind this,' Ellen thought as Stacy
unhooked the watch from her wrist.  She felt used and tried to summon some
righteous anger, but God, it had been so hot.  It was impossible to be angry
after what she had just experienced.  Prim and proper Stacy had just eaten her
pussy again, had eaten after she had been with her boyfriend.  It wasn't right,
that was for sure.  No, it wasn't right at all.  But, could she be held
responsible for Lexi's games?  No, no she couldn't.  Ellen was feeling better
already.

************

Stacy was feeling better too.  She may have lost her superpowers, but she was
still a super girl.  The Justice League still needed her.  And most importantly,
she had saved her roommate's life. But Supergirl or no, she needed an orgasm,
and she needed to figure out some way to get Black Scorpion out of her head.

Just as Stacy tried to turn on the light to her bedroom, her hand was grabbed
and she was pulled roughly into the room, held against the wall by her wrists,
and kissed deeply.

Whoever it was, the hungry kisses were making Stacy melt.  Just as she started
to respond, she felt it, pressing against her face.  A mask!  Dear God, it was
Black Scorpion.

"You!" Stacy accused, turning her head to the side.  "You could have killed my
roommate. . .  and now you  . . . and now you want to kiss me?"

"Yes," Black Scorpion said, kissing Stacy's neck and pressing a thigh between
her legs.  "And you want it."

"No," Stacy gasped.  "You are - you are evil.  I have to arrest you.  I have to
stop you."

"Here," Black Scorpion said, turning on the lights.  "I'll make it easy for
you."  She took the watch from Stacy's hand and stepped back.  "There's
something I need to show you."  She took off her mask.

"Lexi!" Stacy couldn't believe it.  Lexi was the Black Scorpion.  It was all
starting to make sense.  Now, all she had to do was keep her occupied and get a
message to the Justice League.

Then Lexi was did the unbelievable.   She started to fasten the watch to her
wrist. 

"Wait," Stacy said.  "That's a bomb.  Now you'll have to. . ."

"No," Lexi said.  "Now you'll have to."

Stacy thought for a moment.  She could end it all right here.  Lexi knew her
secret identity and Lexi was evil.  But Lexi was beautiful.  She made
Supergirl's blood race and her knees weak.

"You going to let me die?" Lexi asked. 

"No," Stacy said meekly.  She submissively knelt before her arch enemy and
kissed her pussy.  It was heavenly. 

"Wait," Lexi said, capturing Stacy's wrist and buckling a watch to it.  "This
one works just like the one I have."

Stacy struggled to stop her.  "No please - no I can't - I can't."   She hadn't
been able to come.  She would surely die.

"Trust me," Lexi said. 

No no, Stacy's common sense screamed.  Evil, Black Scorpion was evil. 

It made Stacy think of the story where the scorpion asks the frog to take it
across the river.  The frog does and halfway across is stung.  "But you'll die
too," the frog said. "I know," said the scorpion, "But, it's my nature."

Nature.  I guess it's my nature too.  To trust.  To be stung.  Stacy let Lexi
attach the watch to her wrist.  Condemning herself.  The bomb would surely go
off.  No way she could come.  She had tried several times that day already.

"That's my good girl," Lexi said.  She guided Stacy to the floor, then turned
around and straddled her head.  "Now who's my Superslut?"

Stacy blushed.  "I am," she whispered.  The promise of death had liberated her.

"Say it," Lexi said.  "I want to hear you say it."

Stacy reddened even more, as stared up at Lexi from between her spread thighs. 
"I'm your - ah - I'm your Superslut," she stammered.

"Damn straight you are."  Lexi lowered herself on Stacy's face.  "And Superslut
. . . I'm turning your dial to number nine," she said, as she went down and
kissed her roommate's pretty blonde pussy.

Stacy moaned in pleasure as she felt her body possessed by sexual fire.  Maybe
she wouldn't die after all.

The end

*******

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author.  Your comments are
their only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright
with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





