BDSM Library - Beyonce Becomes a Ponygirl




Beyonce Becomes a Ponygirl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Pop singer Beyonce is subjected to an unpleasant new life.
Beyonce becomes a ponygirl

Beyonce had just come off stage form the last date of her world tour. She was
exhausted but thrilled, it had been a great show and the audience had lapped it
up. One of her aides handed her a drink and towel and congratulated her on her
excellent performance, Beyonce thanked her and took the drink. The backstage
area had a pool with a fountain and a full bar. She sat down beside the pool to
catch her breath for a moment. She caught the eye of a tall blond man watching
her from the side of the room. He smiled at her and she looked away. The blond
man came over,

"You were quite captivating tonight Miss Knowles, Tell me, now that your tour is
finished do you have any plans?"

"I'm going to enjoy doing nothing for a while ", she laughed,  "I don't believe
we have met before?"

"Andreas Krugg ", the blond man took her hand and smiled.

She raised her eyebrows and smiled back. Krugg was something of a recluse. His
business empire had started with biotechnology but had expanded into computers,
medicine and military hardware. He was by no means a regular on the showbiz
circuit and hardly a celebrity himself. In fact he shunned publicity and aside
from an occasional mention in the worlds richest people compendium he was rarely
featured in mainstream press. Beyonce knew of him but had only now put name to
face.

"What brings you here Mr. Krugg? Perhaps you are going to buy the place", her
eyes glinted.

Krugg smiled, "Acquisitions of a different sort actually. I'm afraid I am
pressed. I must go now. Au revoir"



Beyonce had just dried off after her shower. She pulled on a fresh set of
clothes, plain and comfortable sweater and slacks. She was too tired for the
after-show party and was going to slip away through the back door while a double
made the expected public exit. She got into the BMW with her two bodyguards and
her driver and they set off towards the airport. She would travel by chartered
jet to Berlin, only two hours away where she was planning to escape into the
German countryside for a week with her lover, away from the prying public and
the city.

The road to the airport was slow moving so the driver took some back roads.

They didn't notice the small Mercedes following them. There was a sudden bang
and the BMW leapt out of control, one of the front tyres had burst. The driver
just managed to avoid hitting a parked van before stopping the car. Everyone got
out. Two concerned looking men had stopped their Mercedes to offer assistance.
As the driver bent to examine the wheel he heard silenced shots. The bodyguards
were falling; he turned to look at Beyonce who had just realized what was
happening. Before she could open her mouth there were two more shots and she
felt sudden intense pain in her side.

No time was wasted. Beyonce was packed into the boot of the Mercedes while the
other man loaded the bodyguards back into the BMW. There was going to be a
terrible accident on one of the mountain roads. The plastic explosive and the
nearly full petrol tank ensured that there would be little trace of the
unfortunate victims.



Beyonce came too sat in the back seat of a Range Rover. Her arms were strapped
to each side of the chair and her ankles were also secured by leather restraints
to the car. A large ball gag filled her mouth. Aside from that she was dressed
as she had been. She still felt groggy but could see two well built blond men in
the front seats. Turning to her right she saw Andreas. He did not look at her.

"I'm glad that you are awake now Miss Knowles as we are just about to arrive at
my ranch. This is my island.Twenty nine square miles of Pacific beauty. You will
find that you have no need to worry about the press here."

The car slowed as they turned into a luscious open driveway leading to a
magnificent towering mansion. Deep green lawns extended on either side of the
mile long driveway. The place was alive with the sounds of tropical birds and
the distant sounds of the sea.

"In a moment we will be at my stables where you will begin a new existence. I
can promise you that a week from now you will not feel like the young woman you
are now. "

Beyonce screamed against the gag and tore at the bonds but she was well held.
The car pulled up by one of the stable doors and the men got out. They carried a
bucking Beyonce inside. When she saw what was in there she fainted. She awoke to
feel a needle in her arm, the gag was out of her mouth but she was being held
down on a table.

"No", she screamed, " please No ! "

"Those are the last words we will have from you pretty"

She struggled to stay awake but in vain.

The next few hours after she woke up passed in a haze. She was weak and could
barely move. She couldn't manage to say a thing, to tell them to leave her
alone. They were doing things to her. She felt electric shocks under her arms on
both sides of her head and around her pussy. She was naked ! She tried to move
again but could not and drifted once more into unconsciousness.



"Now then, let's have a look at you"

Andreas was clearly impressed. Beyonce was now awake and strapped absolutely
naked into a chair. It was like a dental chair with arm and neck restraints made
of tough leather straps. Also the legs were widely spread and strapped to leg
bars.

"Show her herself"

Another of the blond men lifted a large mirror for Beyonce to see. She couldn't
believe her eyes. She was completely exposed and held helpless. Her now hairless
crotch was beautifully smooth, her soft folds hanging on full display and her
vulva opening to the world. Her hair had been cut into a Mohawk style about
three inches long with the sides of her head perfectly bare and smooth. This
look was exaggerated by the fact that her eyebrows had also been removed.

She screamed, or tried to but found that she was unable to make a sound.

Andreas laughed as he saw her looking around wildly, panicking like a wide eyed
rabbit.

"You will be delighted to know that so far your transformation is progressing
splendidly. The surgery was completely successful; your vocal cords have been
permanently damaged so I'm afraid the world will have to live without your sweet
tones from now on. I'm sure we will survive"

"We have electrolyzed all of your hair. You will find that it never grows back."

Tears flooded down her cheeks as she looked at the horror in the mirror, her
beautiful hair gone, shaved into this degrading shape. Her eyebrows gone and her
voice taken forever !

"Just a few little additions then you will be done"

Andreas stepped back as a slim Japanese girl walked up to Beyonce. She was
dressed in well fitting leather trousers, a leather top which accentuated her
ample breasts and black stiletto boots. She was heavily tattooed with a huge
dragon coming down each arm and patterns to each arm cuff and to her neck line.
Jen had met Andreas when he had been selling arms to the Yakuza. Jen had been
involved in making snuff and torture movies, Andreas had naturally been a fan
and now she worked for him from time to time. She loved to pierce the new
ponygirls and to dress them in their harnesses for the first time. She loved the
expression on a girls face as a needle is thrust through her clitoris. She loved
the tears that only flow when a girl realizes for the first time that she has
been fitted with permanent nipple and nose rings. In fact she would probably
have paid Andreas to let her work there.

She fingered Beyonce's nipples roughly and then gave them a harsh pinch. Beyonce
was shaking her head in disbelief.


"Don't worry pretty little pony you are going to look adorable when I have
finished with you. You'll be the pride of the stable"

Jen started slowly stroking Beyonce's labia and gently massaging her clitoris.
She found the sensation incredibly disturbing. Jen smiled and continued to
stimulate her, teasing her smooth folds and her sweet nubbin with her fingers.
Beyonce was becoming aroused in spite of her panic it felt good, really good.
Jen started to suck on her nipples while she was gently sneaking fingers in and
out of her moistening hole. If Beyonce could have made a sound she would have
moaned.

"Who's a hot little ponygirl then " said Jen turning to her tray. Beyonce looked
at her. She turned around holding a needle and a golden ring.

She went back to sucking on Beyonce's nipple, when it was good and firm she
grasped it and thrust the needle through the base. Beyonce mouthed a shrill
scream. Jen started to get wet between the legs and started to grind her groin
into the chair. She slipped the ring through the nipple.

Beyonce kept screaming while her other nipple was similarly ringed, then a ring
was introduced to each of her outer labia. They weren't as bad as the nipples.
The string of five rings spaced along each inner labia however was as bad, each
of those made her scream.

When Jen had done this, one of the men held her fast while Jen peeled back the
her hood revealing her pert clitoris. Beyonce had generous tender labia and a
large juicy clitoris.   She bucked and bucked in an attempt to escape the
inevitable but eventually had to submit. Andreas savoured the look of raw agony
on her face as Jen pushed the piercing needle through the base of Beyonce's
clitoris and fastened a shiny gold ring there.


Next came her nose ring. One of the men held her head fast whilst Jen inserted
some pliers and punched a hole in the cartilage of her nasal septum. The blood
ran down her face as Jen fitted the hole first with a rivet on each side which
she squeezed together with pliers and then her nose ring. All of the rings were
gold coloured and had been squeezed closed with pliers. Jen went round them all
with a soldering iron touching the joint, there was a small bead of solder
inside that would melt across the joint making it a permanent closure.

Her work done, Jen stepped back and stood with Andreas. The other man wiped
Beyonce down with a wet cloth to remove to dried blood around her piercings.
Beyonce was in hysterics, crying uncontrollably. They held up the mirror once
more and held her head forcing her to look at herself, she stole a quick glance
and then a new wave of tears erupted.

" There now, what a pretty little ponygirl ", Jen soothed stroking the side of
Beyonce's head, Beyonce withdrew as much as the chair would allow. Andreas
smiled

"I'm sure you will enjoy training her, yes?"

Jen smiled again, "Oh, I think this one will make an excellent little slave"



Beyonce couldn't move a muscle. She was held fast by two wrist cuffs holding her
hands high above her head and her ankles were separated wide by a spreader bar
attached to cuffs around her ankles. The spreader bar was fixed to a bar fixed
in the floor of the stall. It was time for her to be dressed.

It was the day after her arrival at the island. After her piercing ordeal she
had been released from the chair, her arms had been cuffed behind her and she
had been collared with a wide leather strap. Her cuffs had been pulled up and
fastened to her collar behind her and Jen had led her by a leash clipped onto
her nose ring. Beyonce had resisted but couldn't hold off against the pain of
Jen pulling sharply. The nose rivet was so securely fastened that Beyonce could
probably have been hung from it by a rope, the pain in her sensitive nose
however was too much to bear. She found it deeply humiliating to be lead naked
and pierced by Jen in front of Andreas and his men. She had been taken to the
holding pens in the next building and fastened down for rest before her training
began. After she was secured she had been given a mild dose of sedation to calm
her and let her recover her strength overnight. When she had calmed down a girl
had come to her. She was fed, watered and then left.

Now though she was fully alert and held fast in front of Jen. First her
piercings had been examined, sprayed with antiseptic and turned so they healed
properly. Then she had been held by two men while Jen inserted a catheter into
her to drain her urine. When she was dry this was removed. Next had came her
enema. Beyonce had struggled as the firm rubber plug was worked into her tight
anus and litres of warm soapy water were poured into her. They had left it in
for a few minutes while they prepared her harnessing.

It was a glorious sunny day on the island and the rays burst in through the open
doorway of the stable. Beyonce was the only pony inside but the sounds of other
girls being put through their paces filtered in.

Jen approached with her harness. It was made from soft bright red leather.
Without knowing how it fitted it just looked like a collection of straps and
some bits of gold coloured metal. The first part to go on was the belt. This was
really more like a corset that buckled at the back with several straps. Jen
slowly passed it around Beyonce, letting her feel the touch of the cool leather
on her skin. She drew it round and began fastening. Once it was on, she started
tightening it to the point where Beyonce's already slim waist was cinched even
smaller. Naturally there was nothing that Beyonce could do to stop this. She
squirmed in her new bondage trying to find a more comfortable position.

Next came her collar. This came off the belt and was connected by a central
strap that passed between her breasts. The collar was several inches wide and
severely restricted the range of head movements available to Beyonce. It had
rings at the side and back but the one at the front was special. There was a
mechanism in the collar so that when tension was applied to the front ring, two
firm pads were thrust into the wearers neck on either side of their windpipe to
create a choking sensation, this way the girl could not resist being led. At the
back of the harness a strap returned to the back of the belt from the collar and
fastened with a buckle. Beyonce looked quite striking in the basics of her
ponygirl attire.

Next the thigh straps were attached. These were bands of leather about an inch
thick that came of the bottom of the corset like suspenders and wrapped around
the top of each thigh with a buckle fastening. There was a small golden clipping
D ring on the inside of each strap.

A strapping was then attached which resembled a strapless bra but with holes for
each breast to go through. The centre of the bra fastened to the centre strap of
her harness at the front. There were small pads on the underside of each breast
opening so that her tits were pushed up a little. The strap fastened at the back
also to keep the device in place.

Beyonce felt terribly degraded and exposed. She was of course completely unable
to cry out in resistance. She was scared and didn't understand what was
happening to her.

"Now for your under-strap, I'm afraid you won't like this one bit ", Jen smiled

At this point the Japanese tormentress pulled over a small trolley which had
three items on it. Beyonce's eyes almost popped out of her head when she saw
them. Jen gave her a broad smile and then picked up Beyonce's pony tail. It was
a beautiful bush of her own hair, long and combed and attached to a huge anal
dildo. Jen lifted it and fired a spring mechanism in front of Beyonce which
showed the end ballooning outwards, obviously to secure the device inside its
victim. Beyonce tried to escape as Jen slowly walked around behind her, her
stilettos slowly clicking on the stone stable floor. One of the stable hands
supported Beyonce in front and parted her buttocks with both hands. Beyonce
flinched as she felt first a cold sensation at her bottom and then the entry of
her tail. It stretched her wide and was very uncomfortable. She tried to resist
it but the persistent pressure began to hurt and then became unbearable until
she had no option but to admit it. When she felt like she couldn't take any more
she heard the mechanism spring and felt the guard release her. The tail was held
fast within her. She desperately wanted to get rid of the unwelcome anal
intrusion and shook herself in a vain attempt to dislodge it.

"Ah! Look at the pretty ponygirl wagging her tail ", Jen stroked Beyonce's side.
Beyonce shot her an angry yet pleading look.

"Simmer down there little pony or I will punish you"

Beyonce swallowed and looked away. Whatever that meant she wanted no part of it.

"Now let's get on with your dressing, the sooner we finish, the sooner we can
put you through your paces"

Jen picked up Beyonce's under-strap. Beyonce looked at it and shock her head
vigorously "No! NO! "

The strap would be clipped onto the front of the corset at the bottom. Above the
girls clitoris it was red leather and became metal below. Above the clitoris it
divided in two to pass either side; leaving the girl exposed and available.

Behind her vulva the metal would become leather again passing around her tail
and joining to the back of her corset by means of a sturdy buckle. In between
the two end straps was a huge uncompromising dildo.

Jen held it close, Beyonce watched almost in a trance.

"This has been specially molded to push the dimensions of your vagina to the
limit; I assure you that you will find it very unpleasant"

Beyonce was once more held, this time from behind while Jen knelt in front.
Because of its rigid dimensions she coated the intruder with lubricant before
aligning it before Beyonce's waiting lips. Beyonce wept furiously a the huge
dildo was painfully forced into her and the front strap fastened. It was
horribly uncomfortable, she wriggled to try and shake it free as the rear strap
was passed between her legs and mated with the buckle behind. She bucked
insanely as Jen jerked on the strap to force the intruder even deeper distending
Beyonce's tender crevice to the maximum. She finished the buckling and clicked
her way slowly back to face her ponygirl, a wide smile beaming across her face.
Beyonce was in tears and considerable pain still trying to find a comfortable
position.

"Now for your boots"

One of the stable hands brought a pair of red leather knee length lace up boots.
They had a two inch platform at the front shaped like a horse's hoof and slender
six inch stiletto heels at the back. In turn each of her ankles were released,
her foot was fitted into the boot and laced in securely. Beyonce teetered a
little and then regained balance. The movement served to remind her of the cruel
penetrations between her legs.

Next her arms were released and pulled behind her back. Each wrist was connected
to the opposite elbow by means of red leather strapping then the centre of both
forearms were connected to the back of  her harness by a further strap. A guard
supported her on each side by her arms.

"Almost finished now little pony"

Jen turned back to the trolley and picked up the last item. When she turned back
Beyonce instinctively clenched her teeth in defiance, there was no way she would
submit to that. The men however had dealt with many reluctant young ladies and
reached into her mouth with two sharp metal hooks Beyonce soon had her mouth
wide open and held quite still.

"Good girl " soothed Jen. Very slowly she lifted the bit to Beyonce so she could
appreciate its mechanism. There was a thick red leather strap with a buckle for
fastening it on. The bit itself was an   elegant device, like the rest of
Beyonce's ponygirl costume it was all gold metal work. It was similar to a
horses bit in that it rested at the back of the wearers mouth forcing them to
keep their mouth open. There were two rubber bite areas on Beyonce's bit for
this purpose. Beyonce's bit also had an inner cylinder which could rotate inside
the bite guards.  Outside her mouth the inner cylinder would then angle upwards
at right angles on either side for two inches before forming a solid ring where
the end of the ponygirls reins could be attached. In between the two rubber bite
guards the inner cylinder continued to a control rod. This was a curved piece of
metal designed to rest against the back of the victims tongue around the area
that would stimulate gagging and retching. By pulling on the reins the control
rod would be driven against this area .Thus the victim could readily be steered,
disciplined and punished by the control reins.

Jen moved the inner lever mechanism so that Beyonce could see what she would be
subject to and then fitted her with the device. She pushed it right to the back
of Beyonce's protesting mouth and then tightly buckled it behind. She checked
the position of the punishment mechanism and then stroked Beyonce's head
satisfied with her work.

"Just the last finishing touches and then we'll go outside and show you off"

Jen knelt down and clipped each of Beyonce's outer labia to the D rings on her
leg straps. This pulled her vulva open and let her inner labia hang down more
visibly with their rows of gold rings. Beyonce fidgeted a little as Jen took the
final items, three solid looking golden bells, and clipped one to each nipple
ring and one to her clit ring. She gave each of them a little flick so the bell
jingled.

"Now you are a ponygirl ", said Jen, "I hope you like it because this is how you
will spend the rest of your life from now on"

The men lifted a full length mirror up so that Beyonce could see what she had
become. She saw her beautiful body with its Mohawk cropped hair, displayed,
pierced and belled tits, her stretched pussy with its dangling lips and their
numerous rings, her clit bell, her bit, her whore-pony boots and her collar. She
shook her head and wept uncontrollably in disbelief "please no! This wasn't
happening, it COULDN'T be "they held the mirror there and held her head for a
full minute the two men rubbed her breasts a little which just added to her
tears, she was quite helpless to resist with her arms so well held behind her.

Jen Picked up a red leather leash and snapped it onto the front of Beyonce's
collar. The men released her and she was then dragged by Jen into the open
courtyard. Beyonce was choking initially but she learned that her collar would
accept no disobedience.




PART II

The courtyard was tucked away behind the stables. Along the wall nearest the
main house were a number of covered bays where the traps, carriages and
pony-wagons were stored when not in use. There were also several fully closed
bays where the finest carriages and traps were kept. These were generally
reserved for special occasions or for Carolyn's use. Carolyn was Andreas'
partner and lover. She had little interest in his business dealings and was much
more at home on the island. In fact she had rarely left in the seven years she
had been there. She was essentially the lady of the estate. It had been as an
amusement for her that Andreas had acquired Beyonce. He knew she wanted a
dress-ponygirl for functions and Beyonce was a fine specimen. He had been to
some trouble to get her though and quietly hoped that his lover would not tire
of her quickly and not rapidly subject her to an unpleasant death. Like any
present a lover gives he wanted her to like it. He wanted to match the fantastic
brace of girls she had given them both as a recent gift. She had spent a long
time preparing them for Andreas. They were two sisters, both petite models for a
top agency based in Milan. Carolyn, who was herself an occasional but highly
respected fashion designer, had short-listed a few candidates and gone to the
Milan fashion week to see them in the flesh. She'd seen these two girls modeling
very revealing modern white leatherwear together. They were small, slim and
delicate looking. Carolyn loved the way their tiny frames and rib-cages reminded
here of Chihuahuas. They both had tiny, little breasts but she saw this as a
good challenge. Carolyn had presented them both to Andreas as a pair on a double
leash; they had undergone a dramatic transformation and rapidly became their
favorite pets.



Carolyn had just finished breakfasting while Beyonce was being dressed for the
day. Sat cross-legged on the expansive first floor balcony she took the day
newspaper and began reading. One of her maids carefully cleared away her tray.

"Does Mistress require anything else?"

"No"

"Yes, Mistress"

The maid tottered away locked in her 6 inch stilettos. Carolyn was a slight
woman about 5 feet 7, very fair skinned with light blond, almost white hair. Her
body, while slim and shapely, together with her petite, pretty face, gave the
impression of a very delicate, feminine and almost fragile woman. And while it
was certainly true that she was the perfect picture of a refined lady with their
employees, this was definitely not borne out in the exacting and often brutal
way she managed their slaves.

Beyonce was dragged out of the stables towards the centre of the courtyard.
While she was being dressed the stable hands had set up the training apparatus
and now Jen was looking forward to a hard morning's session. As Beyonce had been
pulled into the sunlight the dozen or so stable men all stopped to observe the
new ponygirl. Beyonce saw the beaming smiles break out on their faces as she
choked and jingled on her leash. She wanted to turn away, to put her legs
together, to cover her breasts with her arms. She started to cry. She felt so
humiliated she wanted to be anywhere but where she was right now. This made her
want to escape. She tried with all her strength to free her arms, shaking
herself madly from side to side. The futility of this, the constant ringing of
her despised titty-bells and the obvious joy of the men just made her more
desperate. Jen turned to look at her. Beyonce gave her a defiant look of hatred,
held her breath and tried to tear herself away from the leash. Her face was
turning red as the collar inflicted more of its choking panic on her. Jen
increased this by jerking it towards her, and then she started reeling the girl
in. Beyonce nearly overbalanced, it was impossible to stand her ground in her
platform heels, especially while she couldn't breathe. Jen thrust the leash
downwards so Beyonce had to lower her head. She grabbed a fistful of Beyonce's
thick Mohawk hair and sharply pulled her to the ground so that she knelt. She
took a device from her belt resembling a pair of ratcheted long-nose pliers and
thrust them up Beyonce's nose. She then tightened them harshly. The pain was
unbelievable. Beyonce couldn't think straight. One of the men came over and took
Beyonce's head from Jen, holding her down. Another man came over with a thick
brown leather crop. This was not the type of whip used to train and guide the
ponygirls; this was one for discipline and punishment. The thick leather at the
end had sharp metal fragments embedded to tear at the girl's skin. It was an
excellent training tool. Jen had found that a slave would not forget her
punishment. Often the mere sight of it hanging on a post in the courtyard would
be enough to make the girls think twice about any disobedience. She brought it
down hard on Beyonce's smooth, virgin bottom. Beyonce almost passed out and
struggled to catch her breathe, she just couldn't stand this much pain. Jen
savagely brought the whip down again and again working Beyonce's left buttock to
a tender, red, swollen mass of pain. The clamp in her nose was also unrelenting.
She started to throw up.

Jen took the nose clamp out and stood back. The stable man kept a tight grip on
Beyonce's hair but let her vomit. Jen handed the whip back and they let Beyonce
get her breath back. They didn't want her to pass out. Beyonce was pale and
quite terrified, she never knew pain like that existed. Her buttock was still
throbbing intensely. She took deep breaths and tried to control the urge to
vomit. Tears welled up in her eyes anew. She couldn't believe what was happening
to her. She heard the clicking of Jen walking back to her then her head was
jerked up so she was looking directly at her Japanese tormentress. Gone was the
playfulness and sadistic smile, her face was cold and harsh, the kind of face
that would gut you and string you up.

"Try that again and I'll have the skin off your back"

Beyonce drooled over the side of her open mouth, she swallowed and looked down.
She was terrified of her. She desperately didn't want to anger her again.

"Now. You will stand up and if I think that you are not trying as hard as you
can to be the most obedient and pleasing slave, I will give you pain like you
couldn't imagine. Now stand up" she ordered.

The man helped her up and took her leash.

"Eyes front. Stand straight. Keep your head up and your legs apart."

Beyonce hurriedly obeyed.

"Thrust out your breasts hard" Jen snapped.

There was a jingling as Beyonce pushed her chest out towards the man, as far as
it would go, lifting her breasts up towards him.

"When you are standing you will always adopt this posture", Jen lectured.

She put her mouth to Beyonce's ear and in a deadly serious tone said, "If you
ever look me in the eyes again I will remove your clitoris."

As an afterthought she added, "Don't ever think of looking at your Mistress like
that either. She has strong views that ponygirls who aren't submissive enough
need their raging hormones curbing. She will have you given a full and very
painful circumcision if she thinks that's the case."

Beyonce gulped and looked down. She wanted to be submissive, very submissive.

"Occasionally, if you are a very good ponygirl you may get your lips stroked a
little. You will show your appreciation of this by ringing your clitty-bell."

Jen nodded to the man holding the leash. He put his hand between Beyonce's legs
and started to gently stroke her hanging left pussy lip. Beyonce thought Jen had
meant her mouth but when she realized what she did mean she shook her hips. This
made her clitty-bell sound loudly and also moved her pussy against the caressing
fingers. The man smiled at this.

"Do you want to get yourself off little pony?" he grinned warmly. Beyonce didn't
know what to do, she was afraid to stop ringing her bell.

"Hold still there girl" the man said softly. He slipped his middle finger gently
through Beyonce's clit ring and softly tugging at it with his knuckle he
tenderly stroked her delicate love bud with his finger tip. He slowly massaged
all round the base of her clitoris. It felt lovely to Beyonce. It calmed her
down and briefly took her away from the horrors of the morning. He continued to
coax her clit to a tight, swollen pleasure nub. Beyonce closed her eyes, it felt
really good. Her breathing became shallow and she found herself pushing her clit
out towards him. He continued, getting her hotter and hotter.

"She's going to try very hard to be the best, most pleasing and sexiest little
ponygirl she can be, aren't you?" he stroked the side of her head and then took
his finger off her pussy.

Beyonce opened her eyes and looked at him. She was on the verge of insanity; an
emotional wreck .She quickly looked away and blushed. She couldn't believe how
she had responded to being touched. She knew that she should feel bad about it,
like her clit just had been raped but she had welcomed it as an act of kindness;
the only one she had been shown since her arrival on the island. She had
confusing feelings. She felt as if she wanted to make this man proud of her so
that he would look after her and protect her from Jen. She had an urge to be the
best damn ponygirl she could be for this man. It made her feel at the same time
very feminine and submissive and disturbingly perverted. She intellectualized it
by telling herself that she had no choice, she was, after all, sure that she did
not want to be whipped again. She squirmed a little on her dildos then drew
herself back up so she stood tall with her head right up. She forced her breasts
out as high as she could to the tall man in front of her and squared her stance
up to him; her legs parted enough to display herself before him.

He stepped back, still holding her leash. He gave it back to Jen who gave it a
tug. This time Beyonce immediately started clicking after her Japanese mistress.

The courtyard was quite huge really. Stone floored with creeping vines on the
sides of the buildings. Jen walked Beyonce slowly towards the training pieces in
the courtyard centre. The man walked alongside Beyonce.

"Lift your knees up high with each step" he said. Beyonce immediately complied.
The man moved behind her. He took a fine switch from his belt.

"Higher". He lightly snapped the switch on the back of each leg as she stepped. 
Beyonce lifted each knee high in the air as she pranced after her mistress.

"Now keep your legs a little wider apart and I want to hear that clitty-bell
loud with every step"

Jen looked back over her shoulder as Beyonce started to open her pussy out more,
pumping her pelvis a little with each step to wiggle her clit more. It was still
firmly erect from her earlier touching. The movement of the bell was actually
quite stimulating and she started to exaggerate the movement.

"Good girl. That is how a sexy little mare should walk. You will walk like that
from now on." the man said.

Beyonce continued her pony-slut prance until they came to the training trap. It
was a single-seater lightweight two-wheeled buggy. There was a padded seat with
a foot rest and a cross bar that would pass over the drivers legs. The cross bar
had two fastenings where the girls reins could be wound. The buggy had a metal
rod coming from one side about twenty feet long, the other side of this was
fixed to the top of a sturdy pole in the ground by a greased pin fixing. The
buggy would thus only travel in circles about the pole. There was also a solid
looking hand-brake on the trap. The front, where the slave would be fixed,
consisted of two poles which currently rested on the ground. Between the poles
was a wide leather belt which lay open. The leather belt was attached to each
pole with a metal wheel-like fitting that would allow the poles to rotate
against the wearer as she moved up and down but would keep her securely fixed to
the trap. Beyonce was maneuvered between these, they were then lifted up and the
belt passed around the narrowest part of her cinched waist; it was then snuggly
fastened on. While the brake was on Beyonce would be firmly held where she was.
Jen un-clipped her leash.

"Posture", she snapped angrily.

Beyonce cursed herself for forgetting. She rapidly arranged herself as
pleasingly as she could; head really high and definitely not looking at Jen. She
thrust herself out as much as she could and widely showed her pussy off. She
waited nervously to see if she would be punished.

Jen walked behind her, turned and started walking back. Beyonce tensed. Jen came
back round in front of her holding a very long, thin red leather strap. It had a
gold clip on each end. Jen took Beyonce's nose-ring in one hand and clipped one
end to each of the pins on the side of Beyonce's bit.

"Now you will learn how to be a useful ponygirl. I expect my ponygirls to work
hard for me. Do you understand?"

Beyonce nodded her head.

"Ponies don't nod there heads" said Jen. She gave Beyonce a sharp thwack on her
thigh with her crop. Beyonce caught her breathe.

"To indicate that she understands a ponygirl rings her clitty-bell. Now show me"

Beyonce looked down and obediently rang her clitty-bell. Jen gave her a wide
patronizing smile.

"Does the little ponygirl want to start her training now?"

A brief pause then another ring. Jen fed her reins back to the driving seat.

"Excellent"




PART III

"Now you will walk like you have been taught", Jen climbed aboard the trap and
with a flick of her arm gave Beyonce a sharp smack on the bottom with her whip.


"Yah!"


Beyonce had no choice but to start her prancing again, this time pulling the
cart. She stepped forward and felt the weight behind her; it started moving
slowly after her.


"Posture ponygirl! Posture"


Another flick of the whip; this time lapping around her right side to deliver
the painful sting squarely to her breast. Beyonce shook her head with the pain
but quickly corrected her stance and began the same strutting as before. She
felt the bar in her mouth tense a little as the reins were drawn in.


"Nice and steady there ponygirl"


She felt the pressure on the back of her tongue, she moved her head back to try
and loosen it; pushing her breasts out further.


"Legs wider ponygirl"


She complied. The cart had done half a revolution now and she started to return
to where the stable hand was waiting. She obediently thrust her pussy out
towards him, shaking her bells as much as she could. She felt the disciplining
pressure of her control bit; it hinted at the discomfort it could cause if her
Mistress were to pull on her reins. She felt tremendously helpless and
controlled. There was absolutely nothing she could do but follow her Mistresses
instructions to the letter and hope that it was enough to please her so that she
was not punished further.


"Whoa there ponygirl", Jen pulled firmly on the reins.


Beyonce's head shook trying to escape the horrible sensation of the control rod
driving itself into her throat. It was deeply horrible, making her feel like
gagging and at the same time bringing on a panic and a sense of breathlessness.
She stopped walking, desperately shaking her head to try and escape the gagging. 
When the cart stopped, the tension finally eased and she stood still breathing
deeply to easy the urge to throw up. She rapidly checked her posture and stood
panting, tense, waiting for her next instructions.


"Yah!" another smack on the bottom and she set off again, held in check once
more by the constant tension, controlling her reins.


Jen continued to take her round the circle; starting her and stopping her. She
kept varying the length of Beyonce's runs, sometimes stopping her immediately,
sometimes letting her walk round several times. Always she would swiftly
discipline her for anything less than an immediate response. She spent the
morning training Beyonce to walk like a perfect ponygirl; the most humiliating
'proud' strut she could manage, all the time her tail swishing behind her,
reminding her of the firm dildo clenched within her ass. The huge vaginal
intruder made itself impossible to forget.

Jen continued tirelessly at Beyonce for three hours. It became almost
brain-washingly monotonous. This was the life of the ponygirl; how Beyonce was
to spend her days. She was helpless to resist the tedium of starting and
stopping but forced to keep her focus absolutely on where she was, ready to obey
rapidly.  After an hour her feet were starting to rub and hurt in her boots. The
high heels were getting difficult to walk in and she had to concentrate hard not
to loose her balance on her tiny stilettos. She dared not stop her high kneed
prancing though as Jen was very quick to remind her of any deviation from her
prescribed walk.

Twice after the first two hours, Beyonce's mind wandered a little and she
slumped her posture. Immediate correction with harsh strokes to her breast and
ass soon righted things though. Jen was extremely talented with the use of the
whip. After Beyonce failed to stop quickly enough twice in a row, she rewarded
her with a terrible strap round her side, the end of the whip perfectly engaging
with her most tender labia and clitoris. Beyonce had screamed and screamed.
After this she had cried her eyes almost dry desperately trying to get it right,
her poor pussy aching terribly. The tears had flowed more readily when one of
the other stable hands had come and stood by the track, watching her, grinning.
She would have to strut past him, the beads of sweat glistening on her exposed
body; thrusting and jangling her widely presented pussy at him. She had filled
up with a deep red blush, averted her watering eyes and concentrated on getting
her walk right; waiting intently for her Mistresses commands, re-doubling her
efforts to be a good, obedient ponygirl. She hated herself for it. She had had
the world at her feet two days ago. Now she was desperate to strut like a
perfect slut, dressed in the most humiliating way imaginable to her. Every time
she thought about it she wished she could just die.

After the three hours had finished Beyonce was exhausted. Her feet were killing
her from the extreme heels, the front of her shins ached intensely from working
so intensely. Her feet felt blistered from rubbing in her new footwear, despite
the high quality leather of her pony-boots they would still need to be worn in.
Her trainers were well aware of this and her training schedule would reflect it.
Once her boots had been broken in, she would be slowly introduced to subsequent
pairs. There would  therefore be no need to rest her again and it would not
provide an encumbrance to her use as a service animal. Her thighs were also sore
and chaffed from the bands securing her large outer lips which had been rubbing
against her legs. Her lips themselves were red and stung intensely from the
stresses of being wrenched up and down with every step. The salt from her sweat
made her stand with her legs widely apart, to keep the stinging to a minimum.
Her jaw ached from her bit; this was something that she would not have any
respite from though. She would learn to get used to the bit and its discomforts.
That was a necessary part of being a ponygirl.


Jen had dismounted and had put the break on the cart. She walked round to the
wet, tender Beyonce who still had a good ponygirl stance in spite of her pain.
Jen smiled to herself with satisfaction. It was always so rewarding to see a
proud woman reduced to the status of a lowly, degraded ponygirl. To see her
standing erect with her head high and her breasts protruding, her discipline
enforcing the humiliation that would become a way of life for her.


'Is it thirsty?' Jen asked, wiping the sweat from Beyonce's nose and toying with
her ring.


An affirmative jingle of the bell on the ring secured in her clitoris followed.
Jen turned to the stable hand.


'Rest her for half an hour, soak her feet and then put her out in the sun for
the afternoon'


Jen examined Beyonce's nipple rings. There was no bleeding when she turned them.
She did the same to her clit ring and the lines of rings in her labia; again
they looked fine.


'She can start with some training on these too' she added.


He nodded casually. After this, Jen looked back at Beyonce. In spite of her fear
and intense desire to not be punished further she actually did look proud stood
in her full ponygirl attire. A wide grin broke out upon Jen's face.


'I know what we can call her', she said, 'I think "Princess" will suit her don't
you?'


'Oh yes! She's a beauty all right!' the man agreed, ' a real proud one!'


Princess?! She hadn't even considered that she might get a new name.

'What do you think there Princess?' Jen asked her


'Princess?', Beyonce wondered aghast.


Her lip trembled as she started to cry. She shook her clitoris as she shook
weeping, it gave the necessary ring. The way Jen had said the name, the mocking
attached to it, made her feel more miserable than she had all day. Here she was,
utterly displayed and they were referring to her as some kind of prize pig. She
had to try and remind herself that she was actually a human being though she
really didn't feel like one anymore; and she certainly wasn't to be treated like
one. She felt like the lowest creature on the planet. Jen was, of course,
delighted with her reaction. She lightly fingered the leather encircling her
throat.


'Yes Princess, you'll have a pretty tag on your collar with your lovely new name
on. And a sign on your stall too so everyone will know what this pretty ponygirl
is called. And so you don't forget who you are you will be branded later this
evening. Now won't that be nice?'


Beyonce stared in disbelief.


'I asked you a question' the whip cracking on her breast. Beyonce was still slow
so Jen struck her other breast, hard. She suddenly came round as if she'd been
in a trance and frantically shook her bell; YES, that would be nice. She
couldn't think of anything worse.




Part IV  
Beyonce lay out in the afternoon sun. The island had a hot, tropical climate
  and although she had been kept in the shade for the hottest part of the day,
  it was still uncomfortable and humid. The sweat was pouring off her and she
  had no way to wipe it off. She had always liked hot holiday destinations and
  was therefore no stranger to sunning herself. She had even bathed topless before,
  but never like this. As part of her acclimatization process, Jen had explained
  that it was necessary for Beyonce to get used to the heat. She would, after
  all, spend most of her time out working in it. Every part of her time was being
  put to calculated use; they had had considerable experience training young
  ladies at the stables and had a very efficient system for it.  
After her morning at the training trap she had been uncoupled and led back
  to the stables. She had been taken to a solid looking metal seat, turned, and
  forced onto it. By this point she had neither the energy nor the will to resist.
  This had caused the huge dildo to push further into her already painfully full
  vagina. That alone had brought tears to her eyes. The seat had a back with
  a large horizontal hole for her bound arms to pass through. Behind the back
  of the chair, two bars were slid between her arms and her back; with her arms
  still bound behind her this locked her arms to the chair. As the seat was itself
  bolted to the floor, that alone would have been enough to have immobilized
  Beyonce, but there was another mechanism to keep her in place. A head piece
  extended up from the back of the chair. It was adjustable so that a semi-circular
  padded support could rest just behind her head. First, her bit was adjusted.
  There were screw holes in the centre on either side of the control bar for
  additional fittings. Into each of these a metal gear-piece was screwed; these
  had, on the other end, a right angle facing upwards and a ring for the fastening
  of control apparatus; similar to the normal parts of her bit where her reins
  could be attached. With her head forced back into the rest, two straps from
  behind were clipped onto the new control fittings of her bit and then adjusted
  so that they held it in a tight balance. The new parts housed a gear mechanism
  that would vastly exaggerate any movements of the head. Beyonce would pull
  on one side of the bit, the new gears would magnify this significantly and
  she would then be punished by the rod pressing into her throat. She would thus
  be forced to keep her head very still if she wanted to avoid unnecessary discomfort.
  Beyonce strained her eyes trying to look about without moving her head. It
  was a horrible position; she could do nothing but look directly in front of
  her.  
After this, the man reached under the seat. There was a wide hole in the
  seat allowing access to her genitals. First he spread her legs and clipped
  a fitting onto the seat between them. It had two outward facing spikes, to
  ensure she kept her legs apart. Beyonce waited nervously as he opened a box
  of springs with weights on the end. He clipped one onto each of the eight rings
  that were set in her tender inner labia. He let them hang and then adjusted
  them so that on each side the weight was evenly distributed; all four rings
  evenly pulling at the whole length of each soft lip. He let them hang and then
  added additional weights to each side until her poor labia were bouncing painfully
  taut beneath her. Beyonce grit her teeth and swallowed, the swaying was already
  becoming very unpleasant, she felt as if her pussy was being slowly torn from
  her.  
Next he removed her boots, every movement energized the weights between her
  legs and made her catch her breath but she was at least glad to feel the air
  on her poor worn feet. Her relief was short lived however as he fitted each
  foot with a plastic support instead. These rested against the front of her
  feet and fastened by means of soft leather straps around her shins and feet.
  They held her feet in an extended position, as if she were stood on tip-toes.
  They strapped around behind her feet and prevented her from lifting her foot
  out of a 'high-heeled' position. Beyonce tried in vain to fight against them,
  this was exactly the position she needed relief from, she whimpered silently
  at the exquisite cruelty of her bondage. She desperately tried to catch the
  man's eye, to try and plead with him to show her some mercy. The slight movements
  of her head were however causing the control rod in her throat to dance uncomfortably
  and remind her that this was not allowed. As if he had heard her cry for mercy,
  her feet were plunged into a soothing bucket of icy cold water. That, at least,
  felt very welcome. She was concentrating on the pleasant sensation in her feet
  when the man turned around with two more sets of weights on springs, really
  heavy looking ones. Her pleading eyes begged him 'No, please, I can't take
  any more' and she wept furiously as he hung one on each nipple ring, her already
  sore breasts became alive with bouncing agony as the rings dug into her large
  nipples and stretched them for all they were worth. The man stood back and
  smiled. Beyonce was hysterical.  
'Now this is the really hard one'  
With this he took one more substantial weight and clipped it to Beyonce's
  nose ring. Her head immediately dipped and she felt the bar in her throat ram
  itself in. She panicked, tearing at all her bonds, her weights started to swing
  wildly, the pain was unimaginable, . She heard a woman laughing.  
'Nothing like a sit down after busy morning eh, Princess? ', chuckled Jen.  
She lifted Beyonce's head for her and cupped both the nipple weights in the
  other hand. The panic stopped. Beyonce started to breath more regularly, she
  could just about cope with the pussy weights by themselves.  
'Now then you undisciplined little brat you will learn that if you do not
  perform well enough for your Masters and Mistresses, you will earn punishments,
  this chair will teach you some posture discipline while you think about your
  mornings disobedience'  
Beyonce nervously listened, she thought she had done well.  
'It's lunch time so we are going to leave you here to relax while your feet
  soak. We take nice leisurely lunches here so you have a nice time until we
  get back.'  
She addressed the man, ' As an added incentive for her to behave tomorrow,
  give her a punishment enema'  
'No, God No! Please, please don't do that! Please don't leave me like this,
  I can't take it, I can't take it anymore' Beyonce gulped, she raised her eyes
  up towards her Mistress, not enough to look her in the eye, but enough to try
  and plead with her and beg her for mercy, 'Please, I will do anything you want,
  please!', tears trickled down her cheeks  
 Jen smiled, there was nothing more satisfying than a broken girl. She gently
  released Beyonce's chin and then slowly lowered her nipple weights. Beyonce
  clenched her teeth on her bit and closed her eyes. She opened them to see the
  man turn and walk away.  
Her feet didn't touch the floor or the sides of the bucket so she had to
  hold herself stable with her arms. Her labia were starting to ache intensely,
  with each oscillation of the weights the throbbing would swell. She couldn't
  try and support the weights by clenching her legs together as the two prongs
  jabbed viciously at any attempt to close her legs. Any wriggling would start
  the whole thing off again even worse and would jar the stubborn penetration
  in her vagina.  
'Got to stay still, remain calm Beyonce, remain calm' she said to herself  
The man came back with a hefty looking case. He disappeared behind Beyonce.  
'Oh my God no', she thought as she felt him unscrewing the end of her tail.
  There was a screw fitting with a valve housed in the anal plug. He took a length
  of tubing from the case and screwed it in, he then set up an inflatable pressure
  bag and hung it on a stand behind Beyonce.  
Jen caressed Beyonce's head and then her chest, sliding a finger along her
  moist, sweat covered body.  
'Tomorrow I want instant obedience from you slave. When your enema goes in,
  think about how much you want to be a good ponygirl, because if you disappoint
  me again I'll give you them every day for a month'  
The man returned with a heavy bag of fluid. He hung it on the stand and wrapped
  the pressure bag around it. He pushed the end of the tubing through the seal
  and then started to pressurize the bag. There was a clip on the tubing that
  stopped to fluid getting into Beyonce.  
'Now think about that', she nodded at the man. He released the clip. The
  fluid lurched down the tube. It was ice cold. It had just been removed from
  the freezer. The cold made her spasm immediately,  
Oh it hurt so much!  
'Get it out it hurts too much!'  
The fluid kept rushing in. She tried desperately to clamp down on the butt
  plug, to stop it, it kept coming, stretching her insides further. Pain upon
  pain built up inside her as the torrent of ice cold fluid bloated her. She
  could feel waves of intense aching as her bowel fought to expel the liquid.
  Her face was bright red, her breathing was shallow. Through the snatches of
  her mind she saw Jen and the man walking away.  
'No, please, please. Mistress. Come back. I want to be a ponygirl now, I'll
  try my best, I want to be good', she sobbed miserably to herself  
She wept uncontrollably, her whole body alive with pain. Pain boring through
  her. She almost passed out at one point but the sagging of her head woke her
  up, she retched as her tongue base was cruelly stimulated.  
'Oh God it hurts so much', was all she could think, over and over again.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anita Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





