BDSM Library - The Ultimate Death




The Ultimate Death
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of a man so deep into the world of snuff that he left his wife for a chance to be killed in the jungles of Brazil by a satanic cult.  Only, he discovers that another family member will be there with him.
The Ultimate Death

by The Digital Man

Ever since I was young, I had always been fascinated with death.  Even at that
young age of 12, thoughts of death gave me an erection. In fact, my first
erection came during childhood games where I pretended to be shot or stabbed by
my friends.  Then during my years of puberty, while having sex with various
women, I dreamed of them being dead or killing me after we had sex.  When the
body dies, instinct dictates that we create a new life.  Men who are hung get an
erection and ejaculate.  Auto erotic behavior is common in men and women and
results in many deaths each year.  No one knows whether the deaths were an
accident or not. 

Now, in my forties, I long for a highly sexual death at the hands of a woman or
couple or with the help of a cult needing a volunteer for human sacrifice.  If
my death could be filmed and viewed by hundreds of people, I would gladly be a
willing player for any method they could devise.  After participating in a final
sexually deviant display for all to see, I want to be tortured and executed in
the most horrific and bizarre method imaginable. I must be conscious throughout
and given no drugs to alleviate the pain.

A man on the net told me that the best places to go for this kind of death are
outside the country.  Brazil or the Philippines are the most likely places. 
After much research and talking to hundreds of people in my snuff groups, I
decided on Brazil.  I spent a long time getting my affairs in order and making
arrangements to go.  Although I loved my wife, she could not give me the kind of
high that I needed.  She was very prim and proper and had never quite been into
sex or the bizarre world that I now loved and craved.  I told her that I was
going on a business trip for a few weeks. I said my goodbyes and could barely
stand not to see her again. 

Getting killed in Brazil was easy.  In fact, it is the murder capital of the
world with death squads and kidnappings. During my flight to Sao Paulo, I met a
delicious woman on  her way home.  She told me her best friend was kidnapped and
because her family couldn't pay, she was dismembered and thrown on her family's
lawn a week later.  This kind of thing happened all the time.  I said my
good-byes after we landed and proceeded to the red-light district where I could
find the people in the know for what I craved.

My first night was sleepless as I wandered the streets and explored on X-rated
shop and one strip club after another.  At around 3 AM, I found a back room in
one shop and people were cheering and fixated on a small movie screen.  As I
watched, a young girl was being whipped as she hung from a tree branch.  Her
arms were outstretched and she was naked.  Her boyfriend was on his knees in
front of woman holding a large sword.  He was also naked and sobbing.  From what
I could gather, he had been told to either kill his girlfriend with the sword as
they wanted or she would be whipped until her bones were laid raw. 

He stood up and grabbed the sword.  The whipping stopped.  He made a cross
gesture over his chest and plunged the sword into the sweet white belly of his
girlfriend.  She screamed and struggled as he withdrew the sword.  The blood
oozed from her body.  The woman said something to him and he again begged for
this whole scene to stop.  Another crack of the whip hit his girl's back.  He
then held the sword like a baseball bat and swung it at his girl's midsection. 
Her body below the waist fell to the ground.  She just looked at him with
astonishment and made no sound.  The blood drained from her body quickly as she
began to lose consciousness. 

One man who was watching, picked up the lower half of this innocent girl and
began to rape it's lifeless form while this sweet couple watched.  The young
lover fell to his knees and dropped the sword.  The woman picked up the sword
and quickly beheaded him.  The head tumbled to the ground as his girlfriend died
watching the spectacle of her dismembered body being raped and her boyfriend
being killed.

When the film ended, a man came up to me and asked if I wanted to buy a copy.  I
told him I'd be interested in finding someone who'd be able to get me in touch
with the producers.  I was also looking for someone who might know about a local
voodoo cult I'd heard about.  He looked a little nervous, but when I handed him
a $100 bill, he told me to meet him here tomorrow night.

The next night I met him at the same shop and we got a taxi and went to another
part of town where I was introduced to a horrible looking man with large
mustache.  He asked if I was a cop and I was frisked.  He then asked me what I
wanted. I told him that I wanted to volunteer to be snuffed or to be sacrificed
by a satanic cult or another sadistic group.  I had heard that many of Brazils
kidnap victims end up that way.  He just looked at me in a queer way trying to
figure out if I was real.  He handed me a knife and said, "if you want to die,
show me how committed you are."  I grabbed the knife and stuck it into my
forearm in one side and out the other.  I almost passed out from the pain and
left the knife in place for all to see.

He just smiled and asked if I was truly willing to go all the way.  I pulled out
the knife and licked the blade.  He said he knew of a group of satanists who
were always looking for a person to sacrifice.  But he said, "It will be a
horrible death." My cock got hard just thinking about it.  Could this be real? 
Are there really groups here so vicious as to sacrifice another human being?

I had to wait a few days until he could check out my background.  The group was
very secretive and leery of outsiders.  They lived deep in the woods with nearly
200 members.  They would come to the city to kidnap women, men, or children for
their monthly sacrifice.

It would be almost a week before he came back to me to give me the instructions
as to where, when and who I would meet to take me to the group.  I decided to
explore my sexual dark side while I had the time.  What I wanted would expose me
to aids, but that didn't matter at this point.  It was HIV that kept me from
finding my bisexual self anyway.  Now I could go all the way with as many men as
I could find and not worry.  I found a gay bar on a really seedy street.  Inside
were some ot the most rabid queers I'd ever seen.  The bar was smoky and smelled
of sex and leather and beer.  It wasn't long before a guy came up to me and said
something in spanish.  I didn't understand, but he motioned for me to follow and
grabbed his crotch.  I got hard just thinking about what I might be doing in the
next few minutes.  We went into a room with a dirty sofa covered in stains.  He
sat down and opened his pants for me to see his rapidly growing penis.  Seeing
his hardening cock got me so damn hot.  I rubbed my shaft through my pants and
got to my knees to take my first taste of a cock. 

He could see how excited I was and got himself ready for a great blow job.  His
cock was smooth and hard and big.  I got my mouth to within an inch and could
feel the heat and smell his aroma.  I instinctively opened my mouth and began to
devour his cock.  It was so warm and hard and wonderful.  He pumped my face with
incredible force and held my head as his balls released their load into my
mouth.  The warm goo filled my mouth and overflowed around his shaft.  It was
sweet like nothing else I'd ever tasted. It was then I realized that there were
nearly a dozen men in the room watching us.  They were all rubbing their
crotches as my mouth pulled away from this wonderful cock.  I felt strands of
cum leaking off my chin.  Each man began to strip and form a line.  This would
truly be my final depraved act.  I was in heaven. 

I didn't even wipe my lips as I made my way to the first man in line.  As I got
to my knees, I looked down the line to see a sea of cocks waiting for my mouth. 
Each man was fisting himself.  I sucked on the cock in front of me and savored
this moment forever.  If only my prim wife could watch, she would be shocked. 
I'm so glad she will never know what fate awaits my body.  As I sucked, the
other men moved around me.  As my mouth filled with cum, the spewing cock would
be pulled out of my mouth and replaced by another.  I would no sooner attempt to
swallow a sweet load when my face and throat would be drenched in a different
tasting, but still wonderful creamy load.  After 30 minutes, I was finished.  My
face, hair and upper body was awash in sperm and my stomach felt warm and
strange.

I got dressed and left this glory hole and went back to my hotel.  Before
entering my room, I was grabbed, gagged, a hood was placed over my head and my
hands were tied behind my back.  I was thrown into a trunk and driven away. 
Could this be a typical Brazilian kidnapping? I felt the presence of someone
else in the trunk, but had no idea who it was.  We drove for hours and my body
ached.  All at once we stopped and the trunk was opened.  I and the other person
were pulled out and taken to separate rooms of a building.  My hood was removed,
my gag taken out and my hands untied.  A woman told me to strip and give her my
clothes.  As I hesitated, she hit me with a stick.  I quickly took all of my
clothes off and handed them to her.  She looked at my body with an approving
gaze and left the room.  I heard the same conversation in the distance as the
other person was told to do the same.  It was a woman's voice I heard answering
this bitch of a prison guard.  The voice seemed familiar.

I awoke the next morning and the same bitch guard came in with a shaving kit. 
She explained that Lord Satan required clean flesh absolute nakedness for his
subjects.  It suddenly dawned on me that this was not a kidnapping, but simply
the planned manner of getting me to the cult without risk to the group.  I began
to relax as if all was happening as planned for me.  I was thrilled as she
gently used the straight razor to take off all of my hair including that on my
head.  When she finished, I looked in the mirror to see my bald and hairless
form for the first time.  It was somehow erotic and the feeling of my cock and
balls was incredible.

As she left, I heard a scream from the other room.  A man was shaving the woman
I had heard and shared the trunk with.  Again her voice seemed familiar.  Would
this be a double sacrifice?  I got hard at the thought.  Maybe they would let us
have sex before or during the event.  I couldn't wait to see her.

By evening, I was becoming bored and a little nervous.  I had waited all day
with on the thought of my impending death.  I knew their was no turning back.  I
was committed to die in any way they wanted.  I hoped it would be filmed and
that people would enjoy it.  The door to my cell opened and a man placed a hood
on my head and again tied my hands behind my back.  I was led away and into what
felt and sounded like a grassy area.  The grass felt cool under my feet and the
air was sticky warm with humidity.  I was sat down in a chair and tied tightly
around the chest, neck, waist and legs.  I could not move.  My hood was removed
and to my horror, my wife was tied naked to a table in front of me.  She was
gagged and looked at me in horror.  I couldn't speak as I looked around to see
nearly 200 people seated behind me and a few standing, dressed rather oddly,
around the table.  They all wore robes and masks with horns.  Each was holding a
large knife.

What had I done?  How did my wife deserve any part of this?  I looked at her and
begged them to let her go.  I promised to give them anything they wanted. 

The woman guard began to speak to me in a soft tone.  "Satan needs horror.  He
feeds off fear and evil.  Your coming here voluntarily is a fine gesture, but
our sacrifice must involve extreme gore, humiliation and pain.  Your death will
be all that and more, but watching your wife die a hideous death will electrify
the air and give us the kind of sacrifice our lord demands. As you watch her
body be defiled and then see her flesh split open and hear her screams, you will
understand what you have done to her and beg us to stop."

With that, a robed man moved closer to my pretty wife and laid his flaccid cock
over her face.  She struggled to avoid it with her mouth, but as it grew in
hardness, she was unable to keep it away.  He stood behind her head and jerked
off until his cock sprayed cum all over her face.  She spit as it hit her lips. 
She just looked at me with a combination of hate and fear.  Another man did the
same and then another and another until her entire face was covered in cum.  She
had never liked oral sex and she hated this.  Did she know she was going to be
killed soon?  Another man stood in between her spread legs. There was a gap in
the table.  He pulled out his cock and viciously began to fuck my wife.  She
screamed in pain as he thrust into her again and again.  Her breasts shook with
each attack.  I was somehow aroused by this until I realized she was responding
to his attack and beginning the first waves of an orgasm. 

Just as she began to cum, another man stood next to her and held up a huge
knife.  I don't think she saw it as he plunged it into her belly.  She screamed
and her body rose off of the table.  The man fucking her came and pulled out
spraying her body with cum.  As she passed out, her body bled and the cum and
blood mixed.  A young girl walked up to my wife and began to lick the bloody
fluid and everyone cheered.  She walked up to me and smiled, her face red with
my wife's blood.  As my wife came to, she just looked at me and then at her body
with the knife sticking out.  She screamed and wailed in pain.  I struggled to
get free to help her, but I was trapped.  This was my doing and I was powerless
to stop it. 

My wife had ample breasts and one of the robed men was holding a knife up to her
right breast and saying something.  She rolled her head from side to side and he
suddenly sliced her breast off in one clean horrible stroke.  She again screamed
and fell unconscious.  I yelled at him to stop.  He placed the breast on a
silver plate and brought it over to me.  I couldn't look at it as beautiful as
it once was attached to my wife's body.  He began to take it around for all to
see and touch.  A few of the men touched it and smiled at me.  After everyone
had seen it, he threw it over to a group of large dogs. They immediately began
fight over it and eat it.  He went back to my wife who was regaining
consciousness and held another knife over her body.  Everyone cheered as he
plunged it into her again.  She screamed and flinched as he pulled it out and
repeatedly stabbed her over and over again.  I cried out as she just lay there
dying.  I wanted to take her place.  I can't tell you how horrible this was for
me.  I only wanted to die a glorious death and leave my wife at home to live out
her life in peace.

My wife had been stabbed a dozen times and was near death.  Her head fell to the
side and she just looked at me with glazed over eyes no longer in pain.  My
woman captor walked by me holding an executioner's ax and stood next to my
nearly dead baby.  , as she was called, looked at me and asked if I wanted her
to suffer or die.  I begged her to let my wife be freed of this torment.  Vera
then said, "Only you can end her life with this ax, or else we will skin her
alive as you watch."  My hands were cut free and the other ropes untied.  I was
stood up and walked over to the bloody table where my wife lay dying.  Vera
handed me the ax and I leaned over and kissed my baby one last time.  She still
had the hate in her eyes as I held the ax high and started my downward swing.  I
didn't want her to suffer any more.  As the ax came down, I gazed at her body
all spattered with blood and semen.  She was torn open revealing her bowels. 
The blade of the ax hit her throat and tore through to the table.  Her head
pushed back an inch as the blade separated it from her body. Her eyes fluttered
and she mouthed something.  Her legs trembled now without direction from her
brain.  She was dead and her body was still moving.  Some men moved in quickly
and untied her from the table.  Her head was impaled on a pole where all could
see her death expression.  Her body was also thrown to the pack of dogs.  They
tore at her flesh as I watched and was, myself, lashed to the table.

The dogs growled and snarled as they ate her body.  I cried for her.  She was
never supposed to see or feel the horror that I would now endure.  How had it
felt for her to go through this?  How did she feel about me before she died? 
With my body now tightly held in place, I could only wonder what kind of death I
would suffer.  There was nothing they could do to me that would be as horrible
as seeing your own wife killed before your eyes.  Little did I know that even in
my darkest desires, this death would be ten times more painful than I could ever
imagine. 

Vera asked me if I was ready to serve Satan.  I could only mutter yes.  With
that, a young girl walked up to me with a straight razor and looked up at Vera. 
Vera said, "Go ahead honey. He won't feel it."  The young teenage girl held my
genitals tightly in her tiny hands and my cock instantly got hard.  She placed
the razor tight up against the base and sliced my penis off.  I felt some
incredible burning pain in my groin.  The little girl just held my still hard,
but fading cock in her hands and smiled.  Her little hands were bloodied and she
took my cock back to her seat showing her parents what she had.  I was horrified
and bleeding.  Vera sprinkled some powder on my groin which stung.  She then lit
it with a match.  My crotch flamed up brightly and then just smoked.  I could
feel the heat and my wound had been quickly flash cauterized.  I could smell the
burning flesh of my body.

An older teenage girl with a nymphet figure came up to me and Vera handed the
girl my testes.  Out of my scrotum, they were pink and slimy with some blood. 
The girl place one in my mouth and Vera told me to eat it.  I just swallowed and
almost gagged.  The girl placed the other one in my mouth and I swallowed the
slimy nut.  It tasted like the men I had sucked off the night before.

A man walked up to Vera holding a tool that I had seen before.  It was for
disemboweling.  It was sharp and curved.  A prayer was chanted and I nearly
passed out from the pain that was constant in my groin from having my genitals
sliced off and burned.  Vera touched my face and told me to relax.  I could not
see the face of the man about to rip my body apart.  I could see that the blade
was scalpel sharp and gleaming.  He held the tool with two hands as he stood up
between my legs and placed the tip of the blade under my sternum.  I was
breathing heavy now and sweating in the thick jungle air.  As I looked over at
the dogs, they were still eating the tattered flesh and muscle of my wife's
body.  Her bones were showing.  I also looked at her face on the pole behind me. 
It was so calm and white.

The blade pushed into my gut and he pulled it firmly down toward my navel.  It
burned like fire and I struggled to pull away.  He was careful to only go just
deep enough to open me up, not to tear apart my innards.  The pain was
unbearable and I passed out.  When I awoke, Vera was giving me some strange
drink to keep me conscious and lucid.  I looked down at my body and simply
gasped seeing two sets of retractors holding my gut open. The masked man was
carefully pulled out my intestines and placing them in a large urn.  The pain
had subsided for now, but I was queasy and felt weak.  As he continued, I was
painfully aware of my impending death.  I wondered how long a man could live
with no bowels.  He reached inside me with two hands, one holding a knife and
sliced my stomach away from my throat base.  As he pulled it out, I could hear
sucking sounds as air passed into my torso through the open hole.  I could feel
the cool air moving inside the cavity of my body.  I had no genitals or bowels. 
I was a useless blob of dying flesh and bone, but they were not done.

As I lay there pondering the growing pain and smelling my insides and the burnt
flesh where once my penis resided, many of the crowd stood up and formed a line
moving in my direction.  They were each given something that looked like a
staggered bladed cheese cutter.  I had longed for a stabbing death like my wife
had endured, not to be sliced up like this. 

A woman approached me and held out her cutter.  She looked over my body to find
just the right hunk of flesh to take.  "Now you realize," said Vera.  "You will
suffer being eaten alive one painful bit at a time until all members have tasted
your flesh. If you are still alive after the last member has taken his/her
sample, you may chose how you want to die from our suggestions.

I tried to pull away from the woman's hand as she placed the cutter against my
flesh and pulled firmly slicing down a quarter of an inch into my chest.  The
pain was horrible as she pulled away a 2 by 2 in chunk of my flesh.  She
immediately placed it into her mouth and chewed it warm.  My blood dripped from
her mouth and my chest.  As each member approached me, I cried in pain and
struggled to escape.  I had wanted to die not be tortured like this.  After 50
people had taken their sliver of my body, I was a bloody mess with barely any
skin left on my chest and abdomen.  The raw flesh burned like fire and I passed
out. 

Again, Vera was feeding me some more of the concoction as I awoke.  Looking down
at my body, I realized that my legs were also raw flesh down to the feet.  My
entire body was on fire with searing pain from every square inch.  Blood and
lymph were oozing from everywhere now and I felt cold through the burning pain. 
Vera smiled at me and thanked me for the gift to her god of my life and that of
my wife.  I could only cry for my dear wife and from my intense and unbearable
pain.

"It is time for you to die", said Vera.  "Here are your choices."  "Slow
dismembering, Bisection or being burned alive."  "You have two minutes to
chose."  Each one of these were unbearable painful and horrible.  I couldn't
imagine anything more painful than may body at this time.  Waves and waves of
pain wracked me every minute.  I wanted it to end and to go into oblivion
quickly.  I said, "burn me to death, but do it soon. I can't stand the pain." 
Vera just smiled and said to enjoy my last few minutes on earth.  "You will soon
meet our lord Satan and be embraced by his love.

She and another woman picked up two gallon  cans of gasoline and began to pour
them over my flesh and the table.  I screamed as my nerve endings fried under
the acid like liquid.  The smell was overwhelming, but there is something about
gasoline that smells good.  All at once, most of my pain was gone.  The gas had
burned out my nerves and I was finally nearly lucid again.  Vera poured one
whole gallon into my open belly.  I couldn't believe that my body was now full
of a highly flammable liquid and that I would soon be awash in flames.  A little
girl had won the chance to kill me.  She hugged her mother and was handed a
burning stick.  As she approached my body, I just smiled as I knew it would not
be long.  She touched the stick to the table and there was a large puff of
flames. She screamed and fell back.  I was only vaguely aware of being engulfed
by the flames and watched as the little girl looked in amazement at the burning
table and my flesh.  I looked down at my guts and the gas was burning wildly
inside my body.  Suddenly, a flame shot up through my throat and exploded out of
my mouth and nose.  I struggled and fought to escape.  I could smell my flesh
and hear it crackling.  Vera was smiling and praying. 

I felt distant now and was looking at my body from a few feet away.  The body I
saw was blackened and unrecognizable as it continued to struggle against the
ropes.  All at once, it exploded in a fireball as the pool of gas in my belly
went up.  What a glorious death.  I would join my family now if only they could
forgive me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Lubber


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





