BDSM Library - I'm the Mistress




I'm the Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I walked into the candle lit living room & stood still for a moment to adjust my vision. Just then she moved out of the shadows & quickly wrapped a blindfold around my head & eyes. She whispered to me as she bound the blindfold, "You are my prisoner now & you will follow my commands to the letter or else."
I'm the Mistress!

	I walked into the candle lit living room & stood still for a moment to
adjust my vision. Just then she moved out of the shadows & quickly wrapped a
blindfold around my head & eyes. She whispered to me as she bound the blindfold,
"You are my prisoner now & you will follow my commands to the letter or else."
As she spoke I felt the heat rising in my loins, I got very excited when she
grabbed my hands behind my back & handcuffed them together. I spoke in a low
taunting voice, "Or else what?" Mistress walked in front of me & stood for a few
moments, then without warning, she slapped my left breast so hard that I cried
out. She responded in a firm voice, "Or else, you will be severely punished...."
With the tone in her voice being new to my ears, I felt more heat rushing
through my body. Mistress then put her hands on my shoulders & guided me down to
a rather low chair. As I was fidgeting to get comfy in the chair, when I felt a
breast brush against my cheek "Suck my tit you nasty little slut!" I was
dumbstruck. I felt the electric jolt spread through my erotic zones at her
words.

	I was loving this, I eagerly suckled as much of her breast as I could
fit in my mouth. I suckled the sensitive flesh surrounding the areola & drew the
nipples deep into my throat. I gobbled at her chest with such a ferocity that
she had to literally rip her breast away from the seal my lips had formed on her
breast. "Oh yes.....that's a very good start you bad......bad girl." Mistress
panted, as her head slumped against my shoulder. We both took a few moments to
catch our breath, then abruptly Mistress lunged at me, kissing me deeply,
roughly, feverishly. Her hands ran imploringly across my chest, my neck, my hair
& finally my tits & already hard nipples. I began to resist the bonds now,
yearning to run my hands across her body. She pulled her head back & laughed at
me, "I know it's killing you to not be able to grab back. But this night is all
about my pleasure & you are my little whore toy. Nod if you understand this."
She paused as I nodded. "Now stand up." I stood as Mistress began caressing my
neck, then starting to undress me as much as she could around my handcuffs.
Mistress pressed her naked body firmly against mine, rubbing her breasts across
my own. I was still blindfolded, but could see this sight in my mind of her
round bullet like dark nipples, pressing into my flesh. A sound issued from my
lips as I felt her furry mound pressing hard against mine in a slow deliberate
motion. We begin to grind, arch, press, smash & push our increasingly swelling
pussies across one another. Just as we get into a rhythm for this frontal dry
humping, Mistress pulls back swiftly & orders me to my knees. I comply
awkwardly, trying not to fall forward with the handcuffs still securing my hands
behind me. As soon as I have my balance on my knees, I hear & felt her leg
lifting on to the chair I had just vacated.

	I felt the heat from her pussy at the same instant I smelled her
excitement approaching my awaiting mouth. Mistress roughly grabbed a handful of
my hair & hissed down to me, "Suck my cunt like a good little whore. This is
your one chance to get me really hot & wet. If you give my clit the attention it
deserves, I may let you stick your filthy tongue up my tight puckered little
ass. You'd love that wouldn't you? You just can't wait to lick my ass can you
slut? I bet your getting sloppy wet just smelling my sexy bud, aren't you?"  I
was in agony, she was so close to my mouth, but I couldn't reach her.

	My head was straining forward, my tongue stuck out in front as a probe.
I wanted to suck her alright, I NEEDED this Bitch's pussy in my mouth, at my
mercy. Mistress taunted me again by sticking her own finger in her pussy &
wiping my lips with her cream. Mistress gently rubbed my lips & inside my mouth
she drug the finger over my moist tongue. I sucked gently on her finger at
first, until I felt her balance sway a bit. When I knew Mistress was swooning a
bit, I sucked her finger hard & deep, she let out a long sigh & pulled her
finger slowly from my mouth. "All right Wench, open your mouth so I can fuck
your pretty little face." And with that, Mistress mashed my face into her pouty
pussy lips & I began to suckle her clit obsessively. I sucked her clit deep into
my mouth, taking the thin skin in ever so slowly so as to not hurt her, but
enough to stretch that clit just a little bit further. I ran my tongue
repeatedly & lavishly over the top over her pearl as it engorged against my
cheeks. She moaned audibly & her hand began to run through my hair, grabbing
handfuls & then releasing them in short jerky motions.

	I continued to suckle her clit until I felt the size of it grow between
my lips & her hips had begun to sway against my face. Once I felt her hips
smashing harder into my eager face, I began to run my wet lips up & down the
short clit shaft, sucking dramatically at the base. Mistress was moaning nearly
in a song by now. She is using my hair as a steering wheel to guide my mouth on
her as she smashes her pussy on my face to please her pulsating crotch. I felt
Mistress's thighs tighten on my cheeks & neck area, her muscles flexing as she
rode her hips up & down. This went on for several more minutes until the sweat
was adding so much lubricant that I could feel my teeth pushing hard against my
lips, threatening to lash out at her precious flesh. Mistress pulled her pussy
away & yanked the blindfold off of my head all in an amazing display of self
control.

	She was wearing a little white lacey top, it was a sheer one, that
stopped just about half way down her beautiful round ass cheeks. She was a
stunningly erotic vision, her face was crimson & radiant from all the activity,
her breasts were red & heaving, poking through the sheer. Her dark hair tousled
& gorgeous in the candlelight. She looked at me coyly, as I followed her hands
running down her chest & sides. As my eyes continued to fall, I could see the
hooded clit peaking out from between her swollen pussy lips. She came to me
looking me straight in the eye. With only a smirk she wordlessly turned around &
bent over in front of me. She looked over her shoulder as she took tiny steps
backwards until I could reach the offering of her luscious ass to my approving
face. I gazed adoringly upon these globes, as her hands came around & spread the
cheeks wide open. I felt a swooning of my own at the full view of her puckered
little anus, contrasting the swollen, bright red, covered in sexy wetness,
constantly moving, pussy. Her scent was strong & intoxicating, I blew air on the
moisture of her exposed sex, she made a sound & wiggled her ass slightly.

	I knew what I was there to do & my tongue began slow flat motions around
the edge of the sensitive skin & Mistress began to move beneath me. My circles
began to get tighter & tighter until I was slowly rubbing my wet tongue over all
of her ass. She was writhing against me, up on her tip toes, desperate to drive
my face between her ass cheeks. As I let my tongue make another long pass across
her tightening anus, I let my tongue drop down to the edge of Mistress's hole.
She gasped & began to roll her hips to better accommodate my actions in this
capacity. I circled my tongue all the way around her soaking wet opening.
Mistress pressed her sticky cunt solidly around my chin & pushed down. I knew
she wanted me to open my jaws & give her yearning hot little box a bit of
pressure, but I simply slid my tongue quickly across the opening & pulled my
head up. She grunted, waited a second & tried to smash her opening bud against
my mouth, this time I slid up in a faster motion & slammed my now pussy juice
coated tongue into her tight little ass!

	She cried out in surprise & frozen trying to adjust to it. I gave her no
time, I immediately began to rock my head in & out of her plump cheeks. I made
my tongue as long & hard as I could & pounded my tongue so far into her my nose
hurt from the assault. Mistress yelled "JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!!! OH...OH..OH
GOD...Yes Slut, that's it, pump my asshole you dirty Bitch! OHHHH.........." I
slammed my face deep into her ass, my tongue was buried inside her dark hole
when I felt her fingers rubbing vigorously against her harden nub. I picked up
the pace then, I bob my head as fast as her fingers could stroke her clit. It
didn't take too long. "Yes Cunt, fuck my butt. Fuck my ass with your tongue! I
knew you loved it, you are nothing but an ass slave. FUCK YEAH!!.......FUCK ME
HARDER YOU FILTHY WHORE!!! AAGGHHHH.............." Mistress crumpled to the
floor in front of me once her amazingly violent orgasm had subsided. I climbed
back up to the chair & breathed through my mouth for several minutes.

	Mistress rolled over on the rug & looked up at me mischievously "You
have two infractions that you must be punished for before we can move on to the
next level. First, was earlier when you looked at me, yes dear one I did see you
do it. And the second is for attempting to regain control during my pleasuring
sessions. You see, I love the discipline almost as much as I love having my
slaves for my sessions. Mistress came over & motioned for me to stand, which I
did. She then unlocks one handcuff, then relocked them together in front of me.
"Now bend over the chair & get your ass completely into the air." Mistress began
with her hand, she swatted my bare ass for several long, painful moments, send
hand sized waves of erotic heat through my ass & straight into my pussy. When
Mistress grew tired of swatting me, she moved her slender fingers down to my
throbbing clit. I moved my aching crotch against her hand & she responded by
grabbing my swollen clit between her pointer finger & thumb. My breath caught in
my throat as she began to roll her fingers in up & down motions. I was
whimpering as she began to literally 'milk' my essence from my now pearl sized
sex. Her timing increased, I began to gasp in time with her strokes, the erotic
pleasure of it was truly sinful. She pulled her fingers away ruthlessly, I
groaned loudly in true sorrow, "Ohh.. no please...please....please Mistress.."

	Once Mistress had put the blindfold back on me & reset the handcuffs to
be in the back once again, she explained the next level to me. She was going
upstairs in our suburban home to spread herself across something & I was to now
find her by using only my nose. Mistress said as she left the room turning up
the stereo to cover her movements, "Count to a hundred, then use your noses most
recent memories & sniff out sloppy cunt. Then maybe you can help me Fuck it." I
must have reacted visibly because Mistress giggled as she left the room & my
desire had reached a frenzy at the thought of fucking her. Hell, Mistress had me
so hot by then, even just watching her fuck herself was enough to get me off
now. Count, shit I should be counting. As I top the stairs, I immediately begin
to sniff, all I can smell is the candle on the kitchen table. I move to the
living room, I move across all bits of furniture, slowly so I don't jam my toes.
Nothing. I move to the bedrooms, the junk room first, nothing there, I am
trembling with anticipation when I enter the spare room & near the bed, I
actually catch the scent. I stopped & sniffed the air, causing a giggle in
response & verification that I was smelling her sweet fruit. Mistress then came
to me & undid one handcuff, all the while she was rubbing her hot sheer covered
body against my weak flesh. I was now resorting to internal chanting to maintain
self control from simply ravaging this cold blooded Bitch!

	"Put this on." Mistress said as she slides the blindfold off & handed me
a large dildo set into a leather strap on. I quickly attached it to my hips &
through my thighs, as I was doing this Mistress had climbed back onto the large
bed & lifted her ass to the edge. "Come here slut!" Mistress commanded. I was
standing so close to her that the head of the silicon cock was lined up
perfectly with her now gaping slit. I inched forward so that the head of the
extension was less then 3 inches from her delicious box. "I will instruct your
timing by squeezing your hands, do you understand?" I looked at her puzzled, she
then took my hands & weaved them through her own & at the same time Mistress put
her heels against my ass cheeks. She whispered as her eyes began to blur, "Like
this," she said & squeezed my hands, pulling them forward slightly & pressed her
heels hard into my ass, forcing my phallic extension to enter her. "OOOHHhhhh
Yyyyeessss...." She hissed. We stayed in this position for several sensual
minutes, her heels pressing my hips into her open crotch, with a mere 3 inches
of the strap on's head inside her. I was struggling to hold still, my pussy had
blood rushing through it with such velocity I thought I might go blind. Finally,
Mistress's grip lessened & I pulled my hips backward slowly. She squeezed my
hands again & once again her heels dug into my ass, a little farther in this
time, but still holding on to it for long moments.

	Was she testing me? Taunting me? Can I keep this up? Will I go to jail
for rape if she already consented to penetration? My mind is swimming with the
endorphins & becoming more insistent each stroke of the silicon cock. Her timing
has picked up slightly, she is not holding as long now, I can feel the leather
pulling & pushing against my swollen clit head. The sensations the strap on was
causing me led to my body acting on it's own. Before I could even think of it, I
reared my hips backwards & looked Mistress squarely in the eye as I rammed that
cock all the way into her with one forceful thrust! "OOOHhhh..." We both cried
out as it slammed deep inside of her. I could feel her pussy contracting over &
over again trying accommodate the large cock. Mistress laid still for a minute,
then she stealthily wrapped her foot through my handcuffed arm & pushed me off
of her.

	I staggered in surprise, then Mistress sat up & slapped my tits with
both hands over & over again, until my breasts were bright crimson red. "I
warned you that this was my show & that you would be punished. Tsk..tsk..Are you
ready to try again?" Mistress asked with her disapproving look.

	"Oh yes Mistress, please don't stop, I'm sorry, I promise I'll be a
better slave. I'll do only what pleases you Mistress." Mistress laughed at me,
"Only what pleases me huh? The fact that by fucking me, your rock hard clit gets
the polishing of a life time, has nothing to do with why you are so eager to
please me does it?"

	 I couldn't respond for she was absolutely correct, the act of sticking
myself into her in any way, awakens dangerous arousals within me. Mistress then
reached down & began to gruffly jerk & pull on the silicon phallus attached to
my live sex. " Can you even feel that, Whore?!" I could feel my own wetness
sliding down my inner thigh as Mistress wiggled & yanked on the strap on,
stimulating my clitoris underneath, to the very brink. "Yes Mistress", I
breathed, "I can feel you, very well." Mistress then stood up & climbed back on
the bed, "Climb up here & lay on your back." She commanded.

	I obeyed quickly, she wasted no time in straddling the cock between her
cunt lips. She remained poised over me with her lips & the beautiful delicate
inner folds, clearly irresistible visible to my mesmerized eyes. "Do you like
what you see?" I nod without looking up while she began to lower herself onto
the dildo, the vision was stunning. Mistress glided her muscles up & down the
thick, slick shaft, the sounds of friction & moisture adding to the overall
senses overload. I was torn between her alluring bouncing breasts & the enticing
sights & sounds of my clit extension being enveloped by her mysterious flower.
Mistress slowly slide herself up & down on top of me, until she had the whole
thing buried inside of her. I made my hips rise ever so slightly to meet her
hips. She closed her eyes & sucked air through her teeth as she settled on my
lap. "Now hold still." Mistress said sharply. Then we held the position for
several long pleasurable minutes. Soon Mistress's hips began a slow grinding,
that pressed the flesh into my now enraged clit. I didn't think I could hold out
much longer, the waves of impulses flowing from my sensitive nerve endings were
overwhelming. Her smooth hands began to play with her nipples, as I watched in
silent enrapture. Then my eyes followed her right hand as it dipped low &
slipped across her clit. She jerked slightly once she made contact & that jerk
caused a deep twitch inside of my crotch. Soon her fingers were playing across
her swollen clit like she was strumming an instrument.

	Before I could take it all in, she began to raise her hips slightly,
then she dropped back down on me viciously! "Ugh!" I groaned as the first few
blows hit my vulnerable clit. "Is your poor abused clit having a hard time?"
Mistress taunted me. Suddenly she raised herself all the way to the top of the
clit. The sudden pulling of the strap on caused my clit to reach out in
desperation. I knew she would do it, even before the Mistress slammed her cunt
down quickly on my clit. "Yeah Baby! That's it Fuck it! FUCK MEEE!" Mistress
cried out loudly as she savagely fucked my engorged clit. She fucked me fast &
furiously, without pause & without regard for me. As I watched her fingers move
so quickly across her clit, that they were simply a blur, I knew we would both
climax soon. As wave after wave, began to crash through my now aching body, my
hips rose even further upwards. Our bodies were mashing against one another in
trembling grunts & thrashing with no regard for anything! The orgasm was a
fantastic block of time, chiseled out by the Gods themselves.

	We came into, on top of & completely through one another, time & time
again. She wrapped her hands in my hair, she wrapped her arms around me, she
scratched her nails across my skin, she bit into my flesh, she smothered me with
her chest, she smashed as deep into me as she could, until eventually the orgasm
began to subside & the Mistress collapsed on top of me in sheer exhaustion. The
Mistress laid across my chest for so long, I began to fear she had fallen
asleep, "You were a very good fuck, even if you do need some work as a
prisoner." She smiled as she kissed me.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tracer69


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





