BDSM Library - Novelty




Novelty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: "I got a new Dildo from "The Tool Shed", its 10 inches long , and 3 inches thick! It surprises you completely, a look of fear crosses you face & just before you utter your first words of  refusal, I interrupt. Is it for me?
Novelty
By Tracer69

	"I got a new Dildo from "The Tool Shed", its 10 inches long , and 3
inches thick! It surprises you completely, a look of fear crosses you face &
just before you utter your first words of  refusal, I interrupt. "It is for me."
I say the words quietly, although the look of shock & disbelief strike your face
as hard as a slap. I am wearing a white teddy that caresses my breasts & hangs
just across half of my ass revealing the lower portion of my soft, light mound.
Before you have a chance to recover, I walk quickly to you & kiss you deeply,
our tongues dancing in one another's mouths. You are still in shock & your
response to my kisses is sluggish at first, then as you realize that soon you
are going to be in complete control of me, you get fiendishly excited. Your
kisses begin to get forceful, you shove your tongue deep in my mouth, and your
hands reach around me, grabbing at my skin roughly. Your fingers begin to dig
painfully into my back & shoulders. I moan into your mouth & press my pelvis
against your jeans, this offering is like fire to you, you grab me by the
shoulders & push me to arms length, you look lustily over my entire body, then
back to my face, my blue eyes show a twinkle of impish delight at the confusion
I have caused you. ( In your subconscious mind, you recognize my smugness &
silently promise to punish me for this.) Your gold eyes stare intensely into
mine, "Your code word is 'Demon'." As a wicked smile crosses your mouth, now it
is my turn to be surprised by how quickly you have recovered & how rapidly your
mind is planning. I feel a shiver of fear & wonderful anticipation run across my
skin as my nipples harden & begin to rise.

	 You pounce on me with no warning & with such force that I cry out in
surprise. Your hands seem to be everywhere, clasping the cheeks of my ass hard,
grabbing handfuls of hair & forcing my head to yield to your devouring mouth.
Hands & fingers rubbing & lightly pinching my nipples through the sheer fabric &
a hand pulling, reaching, brushing against my crotch. Then you abruptly stop,
pulling away from me, taking my hand you lead me to the bed.
	
	As I sit down on the edge as you have guided me to do, you say evenly,
"Undress me." I flush with anticipation at the thought of your naked, warm,
silky skin. I reach for your pants & begin to undo them as you survey the room.
" I see you have been wanting me to fuck you like this for a while" you say with
obvious pleasure. The bed is littered with toys, vibrating egg shaped massagers,
vibrating dildos, butt plugs, various kinds of lube, the leather & the home made
strap-on's, etc. As I finish undressing you, admiring your firm, lovely ass,
your dark inviting nipples, your silky, curvaceous, hips & thighs, I feel a
wetness creeping out from between my labia lips. I see you pick up the huge
dildo, you look it over carefully, fear speaks for me, "I don't think I can
actually take that inside of me, I think it is just a novelty", I blush with
embarrassment. "Don't be silly, I think I have just the right solution," you say
with a grin, "besides, I've been wanting this on you for quite awhile." You
reach down & cup my face tilting it up to look into yours, "you'll have to trust
me completely." A twinge of excitement runs through me. "Of course I trust you,"
but the mysterious tone in your voice tells me I'm in for something a little
different. You lay me on my back in the middle of the bed, and put a pillow
underneath me. This raises my hips & I eagerly await your touch. "We'll start
slow at first, I need to warm you up and relax those muscles."
	
	You pour a generous amount of lube directly on my already soaked pussy
and begin rubbing it all over, even down the inside of my thighs. Your hands
begin a deliberate massage of the muscles surrounding my pussy, the feeling is
wonderful and I begin rocking my hips slowly -- thinking about your words as a
curious mix of excitement, suspense and maybe a bit of fear envelopes me.
Suddenly you enter me with two fingers of both hands, gliding easily into my
soaking, wanting lips. I gasp, you hesitate slightly, trying to decide if I need
more foreplay. You curve your fingers and rake them across my inner muscles,
forcing them to submit and open. I can feel them give way to your steady opening
pressure, and my clit begins to throb and pulse as it swells. I begin to rock
slightly, small sounds coming from me, you decide this is the answer.
	
	As your massage continues you begin to pull outward, opening me with a
steady deliberate force. One hand's fingers twist around and up beneath my pubic
bone. You rub forcefully as another finger enters. My G-spot begins to swell,
revealing its location, and your expert's fingers home in on target. You pull
one hand out and rub the heel of its palm into my mound, rubbing my hood over my
clit while your other hand digs deeper to surround my g-spot with warm
sensations. You now have four fingers deep inside my quivering pussy,
relentlessly stroking my g-spot in tight, hard circles while your other hand
rubs my mound feverishly. I look into your flushed face as your own excitement
begins to mount. You say dreamily "Oh god Jen, I have wanted to be inside of you
like this for so long. Your pussy is beautiful, you are so wet....".  My clit is
stone hard beneath the force of your palm, and my hips rock in a twisting,
thrusting motion, begging more from your touch, trying to enclose your hand in
the hot folds of my cunt.
	
	With no warning, I'm suddenly about to cum - one of those quick, short
fast ones I get from such intense initial stimulation. There hasn't been time to
slowly build to one of any intensity, but more of a release.  My pussy clenches
in quick short bursts as the waves of orgasm crash on my body. I notice, barely,
that with each spasm as my pussy muscles relax, you're forcing your hand deeper
into me. You look directly into my eyes, "This time I decide when you are done."
Your voice is husky & deep, your eyes are slightly glazed, causing fear in me.
You notice this fear & instead of words of reassurance, you bite hard on my
inner thigh. I am suddenly lubricating again. The lack of reassurance, the
variation of the norm, it is delicious. My pussy admits you freely, since you've
timed your thrusts so well, but it's almost an involuntary act. I haven't the
will to stop you or encourage you, I'm just lay there, completely engulfed in
the physical sensation of it. My orgasm is over, but you continue rubbing hard
against my clit and g-spot. The sensation is overpowering -- after I cum my clit
gets hypersensitive, and continued stimulation is too much for me, it almost
hurts. "Ohh Ohhh, slow down, gently--gently, let me catch my breath" But you
don't stop." Trust me" you say , with a wicked grin. My hips are bucking wildly,
trying to release(I think) my clit from its oversensitive state. I'm kind of
giddy, and can't really tell if my mind's commands are getting through to my
pussy.

	 Sometimes it seems as if its hungrily begging for more, and each thrust
of my hips serves only to drive you deeper and harder on target as my mind is
swimming out of control. The tables turn, and suddenly I'm aware that what
little pain there is, now gets mixed in with the pleasure in such a way as to
intensify it. This is a new experience for me, I didn't know I was capable of
this level of pleasure, and my mind begins to accept it (as my body already
has!!) "Well that should do for a warm up" you say as you reach on the bed for
the wrist and ankle restraints already attached to the four corners of our bed.
After securing my ankles and wrists, you begin to attach some ropes. We've
played at light bondage before, but this time I'm again filled with a curious
sense of excitement, fear and anticipation. What new level of pleasure awaits
me, and can I handle it?
	
	You secure my wrists to the top bed railing, and pull the ankle ropes
through the headboard and back over from behind. As you pull on the ropes, they
slowly lift my legs up and over my head. Soon my legs are spread widely and
pulled over my head, the ankles forced down to bed level and held securely by
the ropes. My ankles are at the same level as my ears - its a good thing I'm
fairly limber, but even then my muscles are definitely straining. My whole body
is now bent in half, with the effect that my eager pussy is completely helpless
and vulnerable to whatever you have in mind.
	
	You pour another healthy dose of lube, and it drips slowly down my pussy
to my ass. You take my butt plug, turn it on and slowly work it into my tight
ass, gently you begin lapping my clit with your tongue. These sensations are
overwhelming together, I cry out in grunts, moans & incomprehensible words. The
mix of sensations from my clit and ass soon encourage my muscles to relax and
the plug is seated firmly between my cheeks, buzzing away dreamily. You ask me
if I remember the code word, I am unable to speak now , I nod an urgent
affirmation. (You tell me later that you picked a word that would be
purposefully hard to remember, let alone say in the heat of the moment, to
ensure that I'd only use it if absolutely necessary.) You begin by rubbing the
lube all over my ass checks and pussy, my eyes are fluttering, you grab the
dildo and lube up the tremendous shaft until it's dripping with lube. You flick
& lap at my clit with your tongue, you suck my clit into your mouth hard as
though you will swallow it. I feel the butt plug, vibrating in my ass, causing
remarkable sensations. You begin to pump your fingers slowly but rhythmically in
& out of my stretched, exposed cunt.
	
	I'm soon worked into frenzy, I want to scream, and I can't wait for you
to plunge yourself completely up into my cunt. I'm like an animal driven mad
with desire and lust, and I beg you in a desperate, throaty voice, " Please fuck
me Adrian. I have to have you inside of me."  You smile knowingly & say, "I am
fucking you. Do you want more?" I cry out, "Yes I want more, please... I need
you in me..." The smile on your exquisite face is replaced with a hard,
frightening, lustful look. "Beg for it." I look at your face closely, the fear
on mine causes the prettiest little grin on the corners of your mouth. In a
voice I have never heard from your lips, filled with need, laced with
animalistic timber, you say "You need to tell me how much you want, tell me how
much you need for me to tear this pretty little pussy of yours. How deeply do
you want me to pound into your cunt!" I gasp, staring at you, you begin to
thrust faster into me with your four fingers, then I feel you slip in another.
	
	"Ahhh..." I look up at you your body is swaying with the rhythm, your
breasts are brushing against my inner thighs, and I see a glistening in your
mound of black pubic hair. This excites me to the point of abandoning what pride
or dignity or modesty I had held. I yell at you, "Please Adrian Fuck Me! Fuck me
with each finger, until your whole hand is in there." I begin to thrust back
against your hands, forcing your fingers to go deeper into me. "Oh Yes, yes
baby, that's it." You slip in more fingers now, you begin to move them around
inside of me in circular motions. I slow my thrusting, feeling the burning, and
pain of my pussy stretching to far. The pain begins to mingle with the pleasure
& it bonds with the need, the need I feel rising from the deepest regions of my
female organs. I scream at you now, "Fuck me with your whole hand, I want you to
make a fist & fuck me with it, beat my cunt with your passionate fist!"  With
slow deliberate pressure you begin entering my quivering hole. At first there's
no resistance, I'm absolutely soaked with lube and the knuckles enter easily.
Your one hand firmly coaxing my inner thigh muscles to submit while your other
hand keeps pressure on. Soon, unbelievably, your knuckles are in me. I'm
completely helpless but I try to rock my hips to help it in further. The
temperature must have climbed 10 degrees,  I'm getting slippery with sweat. I'm
very near a powerful orgasm and you know it. You push  forward slightly and my
gaping straining cunt swallows a little more of your hand. Your free hand is now
working my exposed clit directly with a small vibe.
	
	I'm ready to cum, but suddenly it feels like fist has hit a barrier,
almost as if another wall of muscle deep within my pussy is unwilling to let it
pass through. You feel this resistance and push firmly against it. A shot of
pain runs through me and I jump. "stop -- it won't go any more, wait a minute!"
"You've only taken the knuckles Jen and I can tell your hungry cunt wants it
all!! -- trust me" You push again --"ow" I shout, "right there" you whisper,
"keep it right there and work it, open that cunt and wrap it around me,---let me
in now, just work it through" You're working your hand in short thrusts against
my inner muscles, each time you pull out it feels as if steel springs are
squeezing around the center of your fist and shooting it out of me.
	
	Each time you push in that muscle wall reluctantly starts to give way.
I'm riding high again, about to come like never before, and you're ready for me.
As I start to moan you pick up the pace of your short thrusts, going just a
fraction deeper each time. My body has a mind of its own, as my helpless cunt
tries both to eject this massive intruder and to impale itself further along its
massive girth.

	"I'm going to cum, oh my god I'm going to cum hard all over you!!" I
shout through my teeth, fighting against my bonds to work my quaking cunt
against your now rapidly pounding fist. "That's it, cum Babe! Open that cunt and
wrap it around me!, swallow me deep inside your pussy and cum for me!"

	As the first wave of orgasm hits me you start plunging your fist very
deep inside my pussy; it has no choice but to obey, and each spasm clutches
tightly against that impossible hand. I'm cumming with a force never imagined,
and my head begins to swim as my body is wracked with stronger convulsions. Wave
after wave of roll across my entire body, I am in a frenzy as you pummel me with
a fierceness never before shown. A cloud of pure ecstasy consumes my mind. My
nerves are flooded with pleasure, my pussy feels as though it is going to split
wide open. I'm cumming long and hard, screaming your name, to God, to everyone.
I writhe on the bed, I hump furiously on your hand, there's no end in sight, and
my mind is about to go as I sense another orgasm building up behind this one.
This one isn't even over yet and I'm about to have another one!! Fear and lust
battle for the lead as my swimming mind slowly slips away, leaving pure lust to
hungrily soak up impossibly intense, unrelenting pleasure. Finally, after how
many? My body can't handle any more, my whole being is soaked with pleasure and
sweat; every muscle drained of energy, and I collapse in a puddle of quivering
flesh. You slowly withdraw from me, it makes a sucking sound as air rushes in my
open, pulsing, swollen, grateful pussy. You gently run your fingers through my
hair, cradling my sob racked body, gathering me up to lay with you and soothing
my near hysteria. "I guess you're right, it is just a novelty, but what fun the
preparation is."
	
	The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tracer69


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





