BDSM Library - Under The Bridge




Under The Bridge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A shop attendant gets more than she bargained for.
Under The Bridge

From the back room she entered.  I watched her.  I saw her glance at Me, then
look away.  Then she looked again and smiled.  I turned My head back to the
magazine I was pretending to read.  I smiled to Myself.  This was such fun.

she started working at the local drug store about a year ago.  The first time I
saw her I recognised her from years earlier, when she was just another awkward
skinny kid along with a bunch of others, kicking cans.  Some of My friends
noticed her too.  They had described the new girl working at the drug store in
various ways.  Cute or sexy.  Great tits.  Great ass.  Sweet face.  Guy talk. 

she was about 5'6".  Long dark brown hair with blonde highlights.  Full figured
like a woman.  Young but very sexy.  Blue eyes.  Big blue eyes with a hint of
cheekiness about them.  Cheekiness.  Spirit.  I liked spirit.  I had use for
spirit.

she had caught My eye.

It was not far to the drug store from My home, perhaps a five minute walk.  I
called her by the name on the badge pinned to the slope of her breast.  "kelly". 
For the first few weeks I said little more to her than asking for a receipt, or
requesting an item only she could reach behind the counter, or thanking her for
her service.  But I noticed her knowing smile and the touches of her hand on
Mine.  Once or twice she let her fingers linger for just a moment, but it was
long enough for Me to know it was intentional. 

she would smile and say hi when I walked through the door.  she asked My name
and I gave it to her:  Sean.  A couple of times I thought she was showing more
cleavage soon after I arrived, like she'd undone a button.  Not that her shop
attendant's uniform was immodest.  I figured I was imagining it.  It was a nice
thought.

Other minor incidents followed.  Brushing lint from her breast, a pout here, a
bit lip there.  If I were younger I would have asked her out.

Weeks turned into months.  W/we shared pleasantries.  I looked her over.  I
watched her, if only for a few moments.  I admired the shape of her body as she
crouched to replace stock.  I admired her as she bent forward to write out a
receipt.  I was beginning to imagine Myself with her.  How she would be.  How
she would react. 

I wasn't obsessed.  I thought little of her until I needed something.  But, more
than once, I put off My trip to the store until after her shift began.  I admit,
while walking to the store, I occasionally had daydreams about what I would like
to do to her.  If I ever had the chance.  I enjoyed flirting with her, I admit
it.  But I also thought she was just a tease.  Destined to remain a fantasy.

Then one afternoon, early in the summer, she gave Me a chance.  she flirted a
little too much.  I had an opening I couldn't ignore.

I was familiar with the hours she worked, and I needed a lighter.  she was about
to come off her shift and I had hoped to catch her before she left for the day. 
I walked into the store and straight up to the cash register.  I asked for a
lighter, putting My money on the counter in front of her.  I was catching My
breath from walking briskly.

"You must really need a lighter to have run all the way here," she teased.

"I need it to light a fire under you," I winked at her.

she looked down a little and lifted her eyes to Me, smiling with those beautiful
full lips.  Then she whispered, "you needn't have bought one for that."

"What did you say?" I asked with mock sternness, My eyes narrowing at her.  she
immediately went pink.  I was a little surprised she had gone so far as to tell
Me she was excited.

"Umm, sorry, i ah... i didn't mean anything."  she smiled and held out My
change.

Reaching out, I grabbed her wrist behind her outstretched hand.  I wondered if
she would scream but she didn't.  I looked right into her soul, past her
surprised and embarrassed look, and leaned into her.  I was no more than  twelve
inches from her face.  My voice was low and menacing.

"kelly... don't fuck with Me you little flirt."

"i'm sorry, i um..." she blushed crimson.  she was a sight to behold.

I leaned further into her and spoke quietly.

"you are not sorry at all are you kelly... you think this is great fun.  Don't
you?"

"i...i..."  For the moment, there was no-one else in the store.  My timing was
excellent.

"...you do ...don't you." 

I don't think she expected Me to be so forceful.

"um... i... um..."

Another customer entered and I released her wrist and took My change.  I stood
up straight and spoke to her, again looking her right in the eyes.

"I'll be back in 15 minutes. Be ready."

I returned home and explained to My wife that I had some errands to run.  This
was not a lie.  she knows when I say I have "errands to run", she is not to
question Me.  she knows this.  she also knows that "errands to run" could mean
anything.  I grabbed My bag and threw it in the back seat of the car.  I kissed
My wife and promised her I wouldn't be more than an hour or two.  I told her if
she was good, I might get her a surprise.

I got back into My car and drove down to the drug store and parked right out the
front.  kelly came out the front door on time and her big blue eyes fixed on Me
and she smiled.  she skipped over to the car, and leaned in My window.

"Waiting for someone?" she smiled brightly.

Without even the hint of a smile, I said, "Get in the car, I don't like looking
up at you."

"Yes Sir!" she giggled and bounced around to the passenger side, sliding in.  As
she did, her uniform slid up her smooth thighs.  She moved to fix it and I held
her wrist.

"Don't."

I tore off screeching the tyres as she closed her door and gasped.

"Too fast for you kelly?"

"i like it fast... " she laughed as she ran the fingers of both hands through
her hair.

"W/we'll see about that..." 

The tyres screamed as I planted the accelerator and I felt her hand slap onto My
thigh tightly.

"Where are W/we going?!" she yelled over the engine.

I didn't answer.

The engine roared and the city turned into suburbs then into country.  The
windows were open and her hair flew around her face.

Within fifteen minutes W/we approached a covered bridge I had surveyed on one of
My weekend drives in the country.  I turned off the main road onto the dirt
service road that went around and under the bridge.  It was a beautiful spot.

The deserted picnic area was framed on one side by the rushing stream.  The
bridge overhead created a wonderful backdrop.  I told her to wait and got out of
the car.  I opened the back door and grabbed My bag.   I put it on the table the
local authorities had kindly erected there so many years ago.

I returned to the car and opened her door.  I held out My hand for her.  In one
move I pulled her from the car and spun her around facing away from Me.  I held
her breasts in My hands, massaging them firmly, and breathing hotly in her ear.
she melted to My touch and moaned. 

"Want to have some fun kelly?"

"Mmmmm yeah."  she pressed her ass back against My crotch.  I pinched her
nipples gently.

"I want to see how much you trust Me."

"O.. Okay."  she was breathing hard already.

From My pocket I took out a blindfold and brought it down over her eyes and tied
it behind her head.  she opened her mouth to protest.

"It's much more fun this way, trust Me."

she relaxed a little and I kissed her neck.  I led her over to the picnic table. 
I told her to put her hands palms down, flat on the table top, while she stood
facing it. 

"If you take your hands from the table, W/we leave.  Do you understand?"

she nodded. she checked the blindfold then curled her fingers into the gaps in
the wood to hold on.

"Good girl."

I lifted her skirt with My left hand and she gasped.  I took hold of the back of
her thong in My fist and ripped them clean off her body.  They were saturated. 
Completely soaked through.  I was about to throw them onto the picnic table.

"Please, i don't know if i want to do..."

"Don't lie to Me you little flirt."

"But i'm n..."

I cut her off pressing her wet panties over her mouth.  she tried to pull away.

"Eewwww, that's disg..."

SLAP!!!  Right on her ass.

"OOwwwwww!!!!"  I let her stand for a minute. 

her hands never left the table, but her thighs were quivering.  The only sounds
were her own breathing and the quietly bubbling stream.  Finally I spoke softly.

"There is nothing disgusting about having a wet cunt kelly.  Now don't lie to Me
again and don't move your hands,  understood?"

"Yes Sir...  No lying and no taking my hands from the table."

"That's right, or W/we are done.  Now feel how wet your panties are again."  I
gently rubbed the sodden fabric back and forth across her lips and under her
nose.  "Feel that?"

"Yes."

"you have a very wet cunt don't you kelly?"

"Yes."

"Even though you don't know what might happen, you're excited aren't you?"

"Yes."

"And you don't want to know what is going to happen next, do you?"

she hesitated.

SLAP! 

"NO!"

"A little danger makes your cunt wet, doesn't it?"

"...Yes."

"Is that all it takes, a little danger, and your cunt gets wet?"

"No." she whispered.

SLAP!  " 'No Sir!' "

"No Sir!"

"Then why else is your cunt wet?"

"Because I want You to fuck me Sir."

"you have a dirty mouth don't you?"

"Yes."

"Foul-mouthed little flirt... aren't you?"

"Yes." 

SLAP!!! 

"Yes Sir!"

"Open your mouth you little slut."  she did.

she stamped her foot once as I pushed her wet and tattered thong into her mouth
with two fingers.  There was a bit of fabric hanging out the side of her mouth. 
I thought it looked cute so I left it. 

"There's something ironic about a slut with her wet panties in her mouth." 

she just moaned.

I turned My attention to My bag on the table.

"Don't move."

she nodded.

I took a few things from My bag.

I tore off a length of wide electrical tape and stuck it within reach on the
table. I placed a leather paddle, a brand new flogger, and a six inch vibrator
side by side on the table. I turned My attention back to her. I took a good
handful of her long hair and twisted her face to Mine.  she moaned softly,
completely oblivious.

"Trust Me?" 

her mouth made that delicious oval but I didn't wait for an answer.  I kissed
her hard and the fingers of My left hand found the pointed and hard nipple of
her left breast pressing through her bra and blouse.  I pinched it firmly and
she gasped again.  I gripped one side of her blouse and ripped it open.  The
remaining buttons went flying.  her large breasts held only in her lacy bra were
exposed to the afternoon sun.  A trickle of sweat made its way between them. 

"you do trust Me don't you?"

"Mmmmmm..." she nodded.

I curled My fingers over the top edge of the cup of her bra and pulled it slowly
down.   Her nipple bent then popped clear.  Very hard.  Coral pink on creamy
skin with the hint of a tan line.  she gasped as I took hold of her nipple and
used it to pull her breast out of the bra cup.  The bra now looked like a half
cup one and I was pleased with the look.  I pulled down the other cup and pulled
her other breast out by the nipple.  she was shaking and moaning the whole time.

Such dainty and perky and very hard little nipples on such large and beautifully
shaped breasts.  I could see Myself having hours of fun with them.  But perhaps
not today. 

I picked up the length of electrical tape and placed it over her mouth sealing
it. She moaned in complaint but her hands never left the picnic table.

"Since you can't speak, and you can't see, if I do anything you are too weak to
handle, you will slap your hand on the table top three times, or stamp your foot
on the ground three times.  At that point I will cease what I am doing and ask
you if you want to stop.  If you slap the table top or stamp the ground, three
times again, W/we will pack up and I'll take you home.  Do you understand?"

she nodded slowly.

"I'll say it again, I am not going to fuck around with you kelly.  you and I
both know you are a dirty little flirt and I am going to punish you for that. 
Then I am going to fuck you.  you are going to take your punishment because you
know you deserve it.  And because you know only good girls deserve to get
fucked.  Do you deserve to get fucked?"

she shook her head.

"That's right.  you don't deserve to get fucked, because you haven't earned it.
Not until you have pleased Me by taking your punishment.  Isn't that right
kelly?"

she nodded.

"Good girl."  I picked up My paddle and moved around behind her. I pressed My
hand into the middle of her back. "Bend over." I urged.  she did so, wrapping
her fingers around the edge of the table.  Christ she had a nice ass.  Again the
hint of a tan line from a high cut bikini was evident.  I ran My hand over it.

"I don't suppose you have ever been spanked kelly, and even if you have, it
won't have been anything like this."

Pap. Pap. Pap.  Three light strokes all on her right cheek.  she actually
pressed her ass back.

"That was nothing kelly.  Nothing.  And look how wet you are you little
cocktease."

I changed hands with the paddle and gripped her whole cunt in My hand lifting
her off the ground.  I held her up off the ground for a few moments, then I set
her back down.  I didn't let let go.

"Spread your legs and keep them straight."  she did.

I ran My fingers through her cunt and she opened like a wet flower. 

End to end her pussy opened, shiny and slick with her juices.  I picked up the
vibrator and pressed it into her centre.  she was tight and there was a little
resistance then it slid home and she sucked air through her nostrils.  I turned
on the vibrator and she immediately started moaning and shaking like she was
going to cum. 

I switched it off.

"Hold the vibrator deep in your cunt."  her right hand let go of the edge of the
table and she slid it under herself.  she took hold of and pressed the end of
the vibrator firmly, keeping it right up inside her.

"Don't turn that fucking thing on till I tell you."  she moaned in assent.  "I
am going to give you your paddling now... ok?"

she nodded vigorously.  I think she just wanted something, anything, to happen.

I switched hands with the paddle again, and I put My left hand in the middle of
her back, leaning on her and holding her in place.  I raised the paddle to
shoulder height and brought it down hard on her ass!

PAPP!!!

"NNngggggggg..."  she moaned as loud as she could and immediately hit the table
three times.  God this might prove useless.

It was time to make use of her spirit.

"I see, so at the first hurdle the little flirt wants to go home," I said.  "I
suppose you are going to cry to momma too."

she steadied her legs and straightened them.

"Wanna go home you weak little shit?"

she slapped her hand around the edge of the table and gripped for dear life. 
she even pushed out her ass the fiesty little slut.

I reached up and took a handful of her hair tightly, turning her head away from
Me and I pushed down., forcing her cheek against the table.

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

"Dirty little slut!"

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

Both cheeks were rosy, her knees had buckled and she was laying directly on the
table now.

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

her moaning was constant, even when I stopped.

"you little bitch, you think you deserve to be fucked now?  you think wrong."

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

Now her ass was red and I was starting to work up a sweat.  I stepped back and
pulled My tshirt over My head, throwing it on the picnic table.  she didn't
move.  I placed My hands on her ass and pulled her blazing cheeks apart.  her
asshole was tightly clenched and her fingers still held the vibrator within her.

"Turn that fucking thing on."  I watched as she did.  she started trembling
again and I pressed My hand down firmly in the centre of her back again.

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

PAPP!! PAPP!! PAPP!!

"NnnggggggggGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!"  came the muffled cry of a stifled orgasm. 
she bucked on the table and went suddenly stiff as a board. Then shuddered again
and again with little pauses between.  It was an intense orgasm and a joy to
witness.

"Keep that thing deep in your cunt.  I will flog you now."

I lifted My hand from the centre of her back and watched as she stretched a
little to get comfortable.  she planted her feet in a show of defiance and I was
pleased.  That red ass of hers looked so good.  I wanted to fuck it.  But I
would wait.

I turned to the table and put My paddle in My bag and picked up the flogger. 
Now this was a brand new flogger and the suede leathers were a little longer
than I was used to.  I would have to start out slow and gentle to avoid "wrap"
and to get My range.  her ass was glowing so there was no need to flog it.  I
just wanted to whip the little slut.  So that's what I did, after grabbing her
hair again.

Ffffffap!!!  Right in the middle of her back.  It wasn't hard but she didn't
even flinch.  I worked down to the top of her ass then back up again.

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

Right up to her shoulder blades then back down again.

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

Up and down I worked, harder and steadily harder.  I had range and was striking
her sweetly.  Flogging is all a matter of timing and building.  she was taking
it in her stride.  Another series of shudders and moans burst from somewhere
within her mind and body.  But it didn't stop Me.

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

By now W/we were both dripping sweat and she looked like she was almost ready. 
"Fuck it," I thought...  I know *I'm* ready.  I stopped a moment and walked
around the table.  At this angle I could flog her ass if I wanted, but what I
wanted was those full lips stretched around My cock.

I put down the flogger within easy reach and took hold of the hair above her
blindfold and lifted up her head.

I picked the edge of the tape and took hold of it and in one move, ripped it
off.  Still holding her head up by the hair I took the end of her panties that
still stuck out of her mouth and pulled them slowly out.  A load of drool
dripped down over her lips and she moaned and breathed hard.  her panties of
course were soaked and I rubbed them all over her face before throwing them on
the ground.

It was just as well she was breathing hard because I had released My cock and it
was about to go down her throat.  Which may or may not upset her, and I was
interested in finding out.

I held her nose closed with My other hand while holding up her head and after
she had taken a few breaths, I pushed My cock into her mouth and released her
nose.  she seemed quite pleased to have My cock in her mouth.  she started
sucking hard right away.  So I obliged her by taking hold of her head and
sliding right to the back of her throat. 

she was at the perfect height and angle for this and I gripped the sides of her
head hard and pushed into her neck. 

Now let Me tell you, I was expecting a SLAP SLAP SLAP on the table right away.
It never came.  But she did.  she started to cum again with My cock right down
her tight throat.  I am no fool, I pulled out straight away and got to work with
the flogger while she was still cumming.  I flogged her ass while she shuddered
and shook, and I didn't care if the ends hit her cunt or asshole.  Served the
teasing bitch right.  I had eased off on the intensity a little.  I am a kind
Man after all. 

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

"OOoooooo godddddd!!!!"

Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!! Ffffffap!!!

 As soon as it was safe I pushed back into her mouth.  Right down her throat. 
she stifled a gag and I held My cock balls deep in her mouth.  I slid slowly
back and she sucked air through her nose before I pushed back in over her tongue
and down her lovely tight wet bumpy throat.  In and out, listening to her suck
air then back in and out again.  I could feel the tingle start behind My balls
and before I knew it My toes were curling.

I whipped My cock from her mouth and took the base of it in My fist.  I then
started to cock-slap her hard.  One cheek then the other.  her mouth stayed
open, her tongue chasing My cock the whole time.

"Pull out that fucking vibrator and give it to Me."

she shifted and moaned softly as the buzzing toy was withdrawn from her dripping
cunt and she brought it up to Me like a blind person.

"you don't expect Me to handle that do you, you filthy little whore?  Clean it
in your mouth.  Then give it to Me. 

she moaned again as the whole toy slid into her mouth by her own hand.  My cock
throbbed at the sight.  I brushed away her hand and withdrew the vibrator from
her mouth Myself.  With the blindfold over her eyes, she even licked her lips. 

It was starting to get dark.  It was time to take My pleasure.

"Turn over onto your back, kelly.  It's time to get fucked."

she stood up and turned around, gingerly sitting on the tabletop and layed back. 
she moaned softly.  I spread her legs and lifted them over My shoulders by her
ankles.  I put the vibrator back in her hand and told her to hold it against her
clit and she did.

I positioned My cock at her wet entrance and pushed Myself inside her.  I
watched as every inch sunk slowly into her.  I hit bottom and ground against her
cervix as she started to tremble. 

Then she went fucking wild.  I had to hold onto her at first as I started
driving her into that table with thrust after deep thrust.  her cunt was
amazing, gripping tight then spasming with hard and loose alternate grips that
were so fast I was barely aware of them.  I had almost forgotten My plan as the
cum started to boil in My balls.  she was so tight and so wet.  Heavenly.  Then
she screamed.

I was twisting her nipples fiercely as I fucked her savagely.  My eyes flew open
and I caught Myself looking down on her.  I stopped thrusting and watched her
heaving chest and her hard red nipples being thrown side to side atop her
breasts.

"Don't stop, please don't stop, PLEASE!!!"

"Shut up and fuck yourself you little slut.  Use the vibrator."

I slid My cock from her tight channel and she immediately slid that vibrator
home.

"Slap your clit."  she did. 

"Over and over."  she did. 

"Keep fucking yourself."  she did.

"Cum kelly!"  she did. 

And I pushed My cock straight up her ass.  I gripped her hips and guided My cock
to that little hole and while her body was convulsing I slid My cock right up
her ass.

"NOOoooooooooo....."  she screamed and it trailed off into her orgasm.

I held her around her hips and impaled her repeatedly.  Over and over and over I
fucked into that tight ass.  All the while, sweet little kelly the cocktease
kept slapping her clit and shoving that buzzing vibrator in and out of her
pussy.  W/we were losing O/our rhythm and that tingle had grown and I felt like
I was on the edge.  I reached up and pulled the blindfold up and off her and the
sight that met My eyes put Me over the top.

That beautiful blue-eyed, full-lipped pretty face was now the face of an animal. 
Her hair was matted across her brow and a determined almost angry look was
etched across her face.

"Fuck me.  Fuck me hard, fuck me in the ass.  Fuck me anywhere.  Fuck me
forever."

I gripped the bottom of her thighs tight and slammed My cock in and out of her
as fast and as hard as I could.  Slam, slam, slam slam!

"AaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"   I screamed as My balls exploded and
cum rushed up My cock.  I slammed deep into her, holding Myself there and
spasming over and over.  Jet after thick jet of hot cum filled her ass.  I'd
lifted her off the table in My effort and still she slapped her clit.

her eyes rolled back and suddenly she stiffened and cried out as a massive cum
enveloped her.  I slid My wilting cock from her and stood back to watch.  I
dropped her legs and they flopped open obscenely.

"OOOOooooooooooooooooooo godddddddddd fuuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk......"  she screamed
again and writhed on the table, her hands between her legs, holding on tight. 
she started to shudder again and I moved forward, grabbing her wrists and
pulling the dripping toy from her cunt.  she lay there for minutes, catching her
breath.

I moved between her legs again and took the hem of her uniform and wiped My
slick cock off on the material.

"No more please..."  she whispered.

"No, no more today pet.  Time to get going."

"But i can't go home like this..."

"Who said anything about going home?"

"But?"

"Make yourself presentable kelly, you have a long night ahead of you."

she stood and straightened her clothes with her eyes on the ground.  I threw My
bag into the back of the car and retrieved My mobile phone from the console.

I rang home.

"All finished here pet... on My way... yes about twenty minutes...  oh and pet?"

I made her wait. 

"I have that surprise for you...."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir_Nathan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





