BDSM Library - Diary




Diary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Capture, training, whip, sci-fi
Diary



Friday October 9



  I saw her today. It was three minutes after eleven when she walked out of the
doors and into the light, ten feet above me on the plaza.  She walks with the
grace of a cat. Like Denise, she is tall, five ten or more. The sun shines
through her

Hair turning it into a halo of flame.  Her breasts are large and high on her
chest, the nipples showing through her blouse.  She's not wearing a bra.  They
are so real, so beautiful; I can almost feel them in my hands already.

     I watch her as she walks across the parking lot.  The way her hips move! I
wanted to grab her right then and have her on the ground, right there in front
of all those self-righteous sheep. Ah! Well!  The forms must be obeyed. I'll
wait.  I

have her license plate number. Soon, My Beautiful One, we will get to know one
another.



Monday October 12

    

     As always it's so easy. You call up the Department of Motor Vehicles on you
online service, credit the five dollars, and they give you the name and address
of anyone who drives or owns a car. Her name is Alicia Rhyman; she lives at
23444 Morning glory Rd, Shortstown.



Saturday October 17



     I watched Denise on the monitor last knight. I have not been down to the
training rooms for three days. Since the voices started up, again, I have been
afraid that they will make me get rid of her, as they have so many others.  She
is

So beautiful, so pliable.  As she goes through the routines that I have
prescribed for her, the look on her face is no longer one of pain, and
humiliation, but of acceptance, and pleasure. Like the others, what she once had
to be driven to

perform, she now enjoys. Although it is painful and complex, she follows
instructions perfectly.

     This exercise is designed to render her after-passage easily accessible for
anyone knowing how to ask, wish to use her that way. I have not heard her scream
in a week, this may be the reason that "THEY" are back.

Monday Oct 19

     This morning I pushed the button, alerting Denise that I wished her to
ready herself for my appearance.  Down in the garage workshop steel cabinets
covered one wall and were inset into the floor.   One could be raised with the
same pump that separated the arbor press; a hidden valve diverted the oil
pressure to the jack under the pivot. It was so ingenious that I would
congratulate myself on thinking of it, if it hadn't been THEIR idea.

I entered the anteroom to the apartment buried under the hill next to my house.
A wall length mirror looked into the main room, and onto my 'Lady in Waiting'. 
Presently she was hanging from a bar, suspended by leather cuffs. The balls of

her feet pushed against the floor in the process of trying to relieve the
pressure on her arms. Her calves and buttocks bunched nicely.     I opened the
mirror\door and entered the training room. I circled her suspended body, not
touching her, just drinking in the beauty of her form.  The mask that covered
her face and ears had been fitted perfectly; she could neither hear nor see me. 
As far as she knew she was alone and the bar would presently lower and release
her. It was timed to hold at the set height for an hour, then lower and release
the rings on her cuffs.

    Her long red hair was brushed until it shown, it fluffed out into a ball of
flame surrounding a face of true beauty.  This woman had gotten anything in life
that she had wanted, just for the asking. Then THEY found her.  Now she would
give, in the same manner, any thing that was asked, any time it was asked,
freely,

and with pleasure.    

     I reached out and placed my hand on her breast. The gasp that she let out
changed to a moan as I caressed the perfect globe of flesh that rode upon her
chest, held high by the stretching of her arms.  I allowed my fingers to trail
across the upperslope, down to the nipple, there I grasped the ring that was
pierced through it. As I raised the ring and twisted it the moan deepened and
changed to a cry of anguish. Releasing the ring I noted that it stood nearly
horizontal. The nipple had hardened and would not let it return to hanging
vertical. As I caressed the breast I discovered that it was hardening, the pain
had begun to arouse sexual feelings in her, manifesting in the tumescence of her
breasts and deepening moans.

     I ran my hands down her back and across the mounds of her lush buttocks,
stopping only to rub my finger across each of the scars that had been left by
the application of the whip during training sessions.  These were many as she
had been an extremely difficult trainee. I spread those mounds to reveal, deep
in the

recess, the tiny, puckered, rosette that had given me such pleasure.  Denise,
and I had spent many hours stretching that hole, to render it easily accessible.

Turning her, to gain access to the front entrance, I lifted the spreader from
the cabinet. A clamp on each labia, tightened until Denise cried out, then the
scissors action that spread those smooth hairless lips.  I squeezed the tool
until the inner labia opened far enough that I could see deep into that velvety,
glistening, cavity.

     I touched my finger to the hood covering the center of her womanhood.
Slowly, softly, I rubbed it in a circle, allowing it to pop over the hard bump
inside the hood. Each time that point passed beneath my finger, Denise jerked,
and moaned.  After a few minutes of play, a pink knob began emerging from the
hood.  When it had completely showed itself, I picked up a spring clothespin.
Pressing the legs together, I held it so that pink tipped shaft was between the
jaws.  When I released the legs Denise arched her hips forward and howled, in
agony.    

       After a few minutes of jerking and twitching, she settled down to begging
for mercy. I could hear the voices chuckling in the back of my head; they loved
to hear women scream.  One, the seeming leader, for some reason I pictured him
as my Uncle Jack, kept urging me to whip Denise.  I liked to hear her scream
myself, it did not take much persuasion to get me to pick up the whip.

I opened the cabinet and took out my favorite, a two inch wide leather strap. It
was oiled to supple strength, had a wooden handle fixed to one end, and a row of
quarter inch  holes down the middle. I raised it above my head, flexed my
muscles, and brought it down across the highest point of her buttocks.  Before
her scream had finished echoing around the room, a bright red band had appeared
across her ass.

     Starting from the left side it crossed the mounds of flesh, around the
curve and, angling across the front of her thigh, it ended on the tender white
flesh of her inner thigh.  Every two inches along this band was a raised, white,
bump,

matching the spacing of the holes.  Denise was a magnificent sight as she
twisted and swung from the beam.

     Twenty times I caressed that wonderful ass with the strap.  Denise fainted
several times and had to be revived. It would not do for her to miss a single
stroke.  This was to be her last training exercise, I planned to make it
memorable.

     When I lowered the beam, Denise had to be lifted from the floor and carried
to the padded bench where the rest of the session would be conducted. Laying her
on her belly, I fastened her left hand to the top of the bench, her left foot to
the bottom, stretching her tightly.  Her right leg was raised, the ankle
fastened high along the right side of the bench, holding her on her left side
and spreading her buttocks so that deep in the cleft her Rose of Sharon could be
seen winking.

     A drawer under the bench held a row of toys, long, smooth, hard, and
glistening with lubricant. The largest was the only one that Denise had not yet
felt sliding into her anal entrance.  Ten inches long, near two inches in
diameter, it had straight sides that tapered to a fingersized guide on the tip. 
I placed her hand on her hip and watched as she worked to spread those beautiful
buttocks. Her anal vent stretched sidewise into an ellipse, and sucked in as her
sphincter contracted in anticipation of the next event. Placing the guide
against her rose I pushed it into her. She moaned and the winking became
frantic.

     When I picked her hand up and placed the fingers on the base of the toy,
Denise began begging. Pleading for me not to make her do that. A wooden tailors
yardstick, hung from the tableside. I had used it, often, to convince her that
it was

less painful to follow orders than not. I picked it up and laid it along the
back of her left thigh as hard as I could.

     Denise screamed and let the toy fall. The stick came down on her right
thigh. She had quit screaming and was sobbing when I replaced the guide into
her. Her hand, once more on the base of the toy, began pushing the long black
cylinder

through her sphincter. The last three inches of the toy had a spiral row of
pimples embossed on the shaft.  When the first one hit her tightened ring I
placed my hand on hers and pushed it into her. That line of points went through
her sphincter like a greased turd. I grabbed her hand before she could pull the
toy back out and fastened it, with the other one, at the head of the bench.

     Unfastening her right leg I pulled it down and strapped it alongside the
left one, forcing her to lie on her belly. Between her cheeks I could see the
toy moving as she struggled to accommodate the shaft in a manner that gave as
little pain as possible.  I grasped the base of the toy and pulled it out of
her. When the spiral had cleared the rose I pushed it back in, twisting it at
the same time. 

     Uncle Jack chuckled and said "More! Make the bitch scream."  I fooled him
by loosing her and helping her off of the bench. I enjoyed her screams, but I
was more interested in feeling my cock slide into her hot, moist vagina.

     I laid her down on the GYN bench, strapped her feet in the stirrups, pulled
her hands down the sides of the table and hooked the cuffs to hooks. The top was
short, thus allowing her head to hang down. A movable padded shelf held it at
the perfect angle for her to deep-throat my cock. Taking my cock in my hand, I
rubbed it across her face, covering her eyes, and cheeks with the drops of semen
that

were oozing out of the tip in anticipation of the feel of Denise's teeth sliding
along the shaft.

     As I rubbed it over her lips her tongue slid out and licked the head. 
Centering it against her lips I pushed until they opened. I pushed in and
withdrew, a little deeper

each time.  When I was touching the back of her throat, I watched for her to
take a deep breath.  When she did I slid all eight inches into her, much of it
going down her throat.

     A half dozen slow strokes, then I pulled out, allowing her to breathe. Then
I repeated the process, many times. I withdrew from her mouth as I began nearing
orgasm.  I raised the platform holding her head, affording her a view down the

length of her body. Putting on my own hood, Denise had never seen my face, or
any of the others who had made use of her. As she blinked to clear her eyes, I
pulled weighted lines down and hooked them to her nipple rings.  Denise watched
her

nipples stretch as I added weight to the ends of the lines.

     Those heavy breasts rose until the entire surface was exposed, top, bottom,
and sides. She looked between her breasts to where I was standing, ready to fill
her vagina. When I entered she was so tight that her head arched and she gasped.
The toy in her ass deformed her vagina to a tightness that felt wonderful. I
began stroking into her, slow at first, then faster, until I was ramming her
like a

jackhammer. When the first orgasm shook her I reached between her cheeks and
turned the vibrator in the toy on. Denise raised  her ass in a screaming orgasm
that dropped her, in a faint, back  onto the pad of the bench.

     She woke from the faint when I pulled the toy from her anus and drove my
cock into it. Hardly ten minutes passed before I lost my second load in her anal
cavity. Denise had the hottest ass of any of the girls who had went through
here,

I could not hold back on my orgasm. After exiting her anus I sat down and
watched that dripping hole work, in and out, as it closed up.

     Releasing her from the bench I moved on to the next portion of the session,
a hot bath, to sensitize the skin of her buttocks and thighs. Setting on the
edge of the steaming tub I watched a hooded Denise wash herself. I admired the
way she washed those magnificent breasts, carefully, tenderly, completely,
paying strict attention to the nipples, and the rings that pierced them.

     She would pull the ring out and scrub the base of the nipple and the
aureole, then turn it down and twist it so

that it held the tip out. A vigorous application of the brush invariably made
the nipple swell and glow a deepening rose color. Then she would use an alcohol
patch, kept on the side of the tub, to clean the ring, turning it full circle
through the nipple. After the breasts she would raise herself up out of the
water, her skin glowing pink from the heat to a bench with a large opening in
the center, placed across the tub.

This allowed unrestricted access to her vaginal lips. Beginning at the top of
the patch of pubic hair, she would rub soap into it until the lather, and her
fingers had

reached the puckered rose of her anus.

     After lathering this area she leaned back in the seat and placed her feet
on the edges of the tub, grasped her knees and spread them as wide as possible.
I would then rinse the lather off of her pudenda with a hose that was kept
running, to regulate the water temp. Then  I would open the cabinet and take out
a razor and shaving gel.  From the top of her cleft to the bottom of it, I
spread the gel, then

shaved the lips so that not a hair remained between her clit and sphincter.

     Back in the tub she used a sponge to finish washing her thighs and calves.
When I took her out of the tub her skin, from waist to feet was the pink of a
newborn, everywhere I drew a finger it left a momentary white trail.

     From the bath I took her back to the training room There I bent her over
the white elephant. This was a stuffed figure of an elephant, about forty inches
high. Her wrist cuff rings hooked over the tusks, the ankle cuffs clipped to the
back legs. Her pussy rode on the tail, which extended far enough behind that she
could not move off of it and was removable.  The upturned trunk held the jockey
whip.  A

monitor in front of the elephant showed the view from the camera mounted on the
floor at the rear.

     Taking the hood off, I allowed Denise to watch, as she was marked. She
began begging when I picked the whip out of the trunk, and continued until it
fell across the highest point of her buttocks. As that thin line of fire ignited
across her ass, Denise screamed, a banshee wail that had not yet burbled to an
end as the second stroke landed.  The whip fell an inch above and then an inch
below the original until there were six red stripes, rapidly turning purple,
across her ass.  Her screams had been reduced to choking sobs as she ran out of
enough breath to support a scream. A sponge, full of ice-water, applied to her
buttocks first brought renewed screams, then silence as the pain diminished. 
The ice cooled the fire of the strokes and prepared her for the next event. It
would not do to have pain from one part the exercise distract her from what was
being done to other parts of her body.

     I wiped the water from the back of her thighs, noting that the marks from
previous whippings were almost completely faded.  I raised the whip and stroked
it across Denise's thighs, directly on the line where buttock and thigh joined.
The howl that escaped her throat was the piteous scream of an animal being
slaughtered, it was repeated as stroke followed stroke until there were six
purpling marks across the backs  of those magnificent thighs.

   After I released her wrists and ankles, Denise moved to the side of the
Elephant, placed her buttocks against the side, and bent across its back.  Her
feet secure under the floor rail, she steadied herself by grasping the trunk and
tail, then stood waiting. Her eyes looked between her breasts and across her
belly to her thighs as I stroked the whip across the front of them. Three marks,
the first even with the bottom of her newly shaven pussy, the third three inches
below. This time her screams had not been as loud or as horror filled, she knew
what came next.

     As she stretched out on the bed I attached a chain to her cuffs and secured
her hands to the headboard. Denise raised her feet in the air and spread them. I
gripped her ankles as I climbed onto the bed, pushed them forward and pinned her
knees to the sheets.  Leaning forward I plunged into her as hard as I could,
filling her completely. Over the next hours her cries became pleas for more and
protestations

of complete surrender. As her ravaged ass moved on the bed I knew that they were
right, she was ready to release.









Friday October 23



     It is a beautiful house, on the end of the road abutting forested land. An
old, long unused, path allows my van to be parked out of sight and less than two
hundred feet

from her back door. I have a perfect view into her bedroom, either she doesn't
know or doesn't care, as the curtains are always open and she walks about the
house naked.  The front and side shades are drawn, apparently she thinks the
woods

impassable.

     She is fabulous, her breasts are not as large as Denise's, in retrospect
they don't sag on her chest. Her legs are long and perfectly tapered, the arms
smoothly muscled. Her buttocks bunch and roll as she walks, and she is a real
redhead. It will be a shame to shave the fiery thatch that covers her labia
majora. Though her breasts are somewhat smaller than I like, the nipples are
fantastic, so large that

I can almost feel them in my mouth as I watch her through the binoculars.



     Monday October 26



     A really terrible security system, passive phone line, ADT tape, no motion
detectors, no sonar, no infrared. After checking the line for a signal I cut it,
then went in through the back window. Her bedroom is beautiful, pink and fluffy,

very feminine, and yet strong. There are no dolls, no stuffed animals. The bed
has a Cannonball headboard and foot, convenient for tying someone up. Lying on
the bed I can smell the animal scent of her.  Mirrored walls, and ceiling, say
that she likes herself, and enjoys watching what she is doing or what is being
done to her.

     Removing one of the mirrors at the end of the bed I cut open the wall
behind it. A DRG security camera fits the cavity easily, the coax goes through
the floor. A long self-drilling conduit penetrates into the crawl space under
the house.  Another camera is mounted in the ceiling, the coax and power cord is
carried through the attic and down the same space as the wall unit.  Hooking
them to my monitor I check the alignment, it wouldn't do to see the room without
seeing her.

     A third camera goes behind the mirrored walls of her

bath, at the head of the tub, the last one is mounted in the wall in her office,
I had to use a wheat grain, fisheye lens, on a long lightpipe, there were no
convenient mirrors in the office.  I tied them all together in the transmitter
switch housing mounted in the crawlspace under the house. I aimed the
transmitter at the repeater I had mounted in a tree, back of her lot.

     I opened the security box, not caring if it went off, I had the line
disconnected. How the Voices know about these things I don't know, but they do. 
I rigged a disconnect to the CPU, a radio control so I could turn the system off
any

time. Back in my van I tuned the video system, the views of the bed and bath
were wonderful, the office was a little distorted, but she was unlikely to be
doing anything interesting in there, anyway.



________________________________________________________________

                     INTERLUDE





     The man setting at the console watching the monitor was  tall, skinny,
beaknosed, and had a pallid complexion. A lab coat, several sizes too large for
him hung on his skinny frame.   A plastic holder, filled with pens and probes of
several

types, held sway in the breast pocket, the quintessential nerd. He was dividing
his attention between several monitors, two of which changed viewpoints every
minute or so.

     One of these showed a woman on a bed, apparently asleep. She was naked and
without covering of any kind.  The view switched from above the bed, looking
down, to the foot, looking toward the head.

     A door slammed and two men walked into the lab, one tall, dark, and wearing
a suit. The other nearly a carbon copy of the first. They were arguing, a scrap
of conversation rifted over.

     "Carl! I'm telling you, the wetware is foolproof, there is no way that it
can be traced. Even if the selfdestruct fails, the current overload from the
Transceiver powerpak would burn out the circuits. Quit worrying, subscriptions
are up and

none of the marks even know who we are. Harry is the only one in the open, and
he's nearly a robot."

     "All right Jack, I wouldn't have believed that you could train them like
that." The suit looked anxious, "Even those psychology studies they did back in
the eighties gave no hints of this."

     "It's called the Helsinki Syndrome, Carl." The monitor watcher joined in.
"Aggressor Identification Syndrome.  It's happened with a lot of young girls who
ran away from home and were picked up by pimps in cities. The first classic
textbook case to gain worldwide attention was Patti Hurst.

     Kidnapped by a bunch of militants, they beat her and raped her at odd
intervals, then threw her in a dark closet for long periods of time.  They broke
her down, stripped her soul and rebuilt it to suit themselves. They turned an
old money, ivy Leaguer, into a raving revolutionary.  They had her out robbing
banks for Christ's sake.  It works for men also, it just takes longer and has a
much higher failure rate."

     "I believe you, Jake. Holy Mackerel! Is that the next target?" Carl had
spotted the naked woman on Jake's monitor.

     "Sure enough, Carl. Hell of an ass on that broad, no?"

     Hell of an everything," Carl whispered as the woman rolled onto her back,
her legs falling open to reveal a bushy patch on flaming red hair, and a pair of
breasts that stood without structural support. I'll use pictures of that for

advertisement and raise the price of membership."

     "Yeah, well. Hey, Jack, you want to take a look at Harry's readouts, he's
been a little hard to convince about turning the last subject out into the
arena?"

     "He'll turn her out before Friday, number twenty two there goes on vacation
next Tuesday, thirty days every year. She goes to some wilderness and takes
photographs for a showing the following fall.  She's been doing the same thing

for the last ten years. I've arranged for Harry to get a headache while he works
on the subject today. Tonight when he monitors the new one, wham, a massive shot
of endorphin's. He'll turn this one out alright. Hell, when I get through with
his head, he won't be able to wait to get hold of the new one.

     Have you and Carl watched Denise this last week?  I would swear that she
had an orgasm this afternoon, when he picked up the whip, she didn't even wait
for it to strike her. I'll bet that she was so wet and open that he would have
fallen in, if he wasn't standing on the floor.  This one looks to be a pot of a
different color."

     Minutes later the woman awoke and got out of bed, the view was changed to
the bathroom. She lowered herself into a bubblebath, Jack, Jake, and Carl were
almost drooling.

     "I'd almost like to be the first into that ass, myself." Carl whispered.

     "We went through all that before, Carl, when we first thought up this
scheme.  We don't get involved in the acquisition or training. If the Feds catch
wind of the

Society we are just horny perverts like the rest of the "MEMBERS". The
government would suppress this equipment, and us, so fast we'd be smoking from
air friction when we reached the hole under Los Alamos.

     This is much safer, and it allows us to indulge in, in."

Jack stumbled for words to express the idea in his mind, "in, call it revenge,
for the way women have always treated us. Very fantasy that you have ever had,
every sexual encounter you had a longing for, they'll fulfill them, and be
perfectly

content doing so.  We agreed that none of us would take part in the actual wet
work. Harry is just some nut who committed suicide, if he gets caught."

_______________________________________________________________

 Saturday October 31



     All week I watched her, washing that body, lying on that bed, sometimes
naked, sometimes in a gown. As I touch the screen I can almost feel her skin
under my fingers, I hear her voice call for mercy, as I twist that enormous
nipple, feeling it swell and harden in my fingers. Then, last night, he brought
a man home. I was at the bar when she showed up, about ten o'clock. She had made
the date on her office phone, which I had tapped. The guy was plastic, a bubble
headed jock, who probably spent his days as a secretary, or a model.

     She wheeled him through the age old ritual, dinner, dance, drinks. He got a
little drunk, she didn't. Judging by the way he drank this was costing her a
fortune.  I watched the whole long evening as she used that oaf, leading him
around by the nose.  In the end he wore a collar, the leash ran between her legs
and over her shoulder.  Lying on that bed she pulled his head between her thighs
and held it there

until, judging by the way she shook and moaned, she had about  a dozen orgasms.

    Afterward she tied him to a stool and handed him off. Not one taste of that
leg did he get. I was elated, a Dominatrix, this would be a discipline
experience that I

would love.  I would spend many hours training that woman to obey.  THEY would
be pleased. She would be hard to break. Her screams would fill the training room
often and long.



Monday Nov 2



     The headaches are back again. Every time THEY want me to change trainees, I
begin getting these terrible headaches. Could it be possible that THEY have
actual control over my brain. They are at me all the time now, not just in the
night.

OOOHHHHH GOD it hurts. Stoooooop.



Wednesday Nov 4



     The headaches are gone. They quit as soon as I had  Denise settled in the
apartment that she will occupy. She likes the apartment and the job that was
arranged for her. The first of the "VISITORS" will arrive tonight. I called the
switchboard and arranged for Denise's name to be entered into the Available
file. She'll no longer be my personal servant, now she belongs to the Society.



Friday Non 6



     I had to go back to Alicia's house and install cameras in the living room
and the dining room also. The voices were unhappy that they had missed the
beginning of the encounter between Alicia, and the jock. It began in the living
room and here was no camera there. The Dummies ain't so smart after all.



Monday Nov 8



     Last night Alicia brought a girl home. A very beautiful, very young, girl.
Her hair was as black as night, her skin a deep even tan. Her skirt was short
enough to show long, shapely legs, and well muscled thighs. Her breasts were
covered by an opaque blouse and did not appear to be very large.  After dinner
Alicia, and the girl sat around talking and drinking wine.

     Around ten o'clock Alicia brought out a pack of joints, they looked like
Government Issue Zombie Grass to me.  The girl inhaled deeply, and very quickly
got stoned, while Alicia mimicked inhaling.  Alicia began touching the girl as
she proffered the joint. Midway into the second joint the girls blouse was
unbuttoned and Sweet Alicia was caressing a very tender breast, through a lace
brassiere.

     The girl, I heard Alicia call her Lucy, put down the joint, unbuttoned her
blouse and took it and her bra off. Clasping her hands over her head, she lay
back on the couch. Her breasts were small, but appeared to be very firm.  The
nipples were large and a deep pinkish brown, indicative of much stimulation. 
The aureoles were a rose color and raised, a separate mound on the breast.  The
breasts themselves were a virginal white, just the breast, there was no line
between them. Lucy must use the new paint on bra, when tanning. The effect was
deliberate, meant to enhance her sexual appearance. It worked.

     Kneeling beside the couch, Alicia licked her way from Lucy's navel to the
pink-brown nipples standing at attention on that pair of small, hard, breasts.
As she chewed on those nipples, Alicia gripped Lucy's wrists together, and
maneuvered them over the padded arm of the couch. A rope waiting under the edge
of a throw rug was used to tie Lucy's wrists together.  Alicia raised up from
praising Mammary and tied the other end of the rope to the back leg of the
couch. She then returned to the nipples, now hard and waiting for her teeth.

     Lucy squirmed down until her arms were stretched tight and her breasts
pulled very high on her chest.  Her legs were twisting and she was moaning
continuously.  Alicia unfastened the waist of Lucy's skirt and, taking her
panties with it, slid it off over her feet.  Moving a footstool against the
couch, she slid Lucy's ass onto it.  Lucy was maneuvered so that her pussy was
right on the edge of the stool.  Pushing

those sleek, tanned, thighs apart with her hips, Alicia licked her way from
those taught little breasts, down to a barely furred pussy.

     The hair would have been invisible had it not been black as a starless
night, and the pussy as untouched by the sun as Lucy's breasts.  The visual
effect of coal black hair, pink labial slit, and white skin was as electrifying
to me as it was to Alicia.

    As Alicia's mouth leeched onto her Mons Veneris, Lucy tried, unsuccessfully,
to raise her legs in the air.  Alicia had Lucy's feet firmly in hand and pinned
on the floor. As Lucy began begging Alicia to suck her pussy, Alicia extracted
some more rope from the couch cushions and tied Lucy's ankles to the back legs
of the stool. This doubling of her legs under her, stretched the top of Lucy's
thighs, and made her raise her ass in the air.  Spreading Lucy's knees Alicia
went back to raising the temperature of her captive.  That's what Lucy was now,
a captive, a butterfly pinned to a board, subject to whatever the collector
wanted.

     Alicia's index fingers spread Lucy's outer lips and other fingers rubbed
gently over the pink hood at the top of hat cleft. As Lucy drifted into La La
land, Alicia pulled a belt from under one of the cushions.  She rubbed it over
those small, hard breasts, down across that mounded belly, then across a pink
button that peeked out of the hood at the top of Lucy's cleft, slowly
accustoming Lucy to the feel of leather on her body. Alicia scraped that belt
across Lucy's clit several times, making her raise that tight ass in the air and
moan loudly.

     When the belt was between those tender, moist lips, Alicia shoved it into
Lucy.  Doubled twice it was so large that Lucy had to spread her knees wider to
accommodate it. When Alicia pulled it out I could see that it was wet. Lucy's

pussy was so hot that it was nearly dripping.

    Back up that supple young body the doubled belt went, rubbing over that
tender membranes of that young pussy, the edge of it scraping across Lucy's
clit. When Lucy's clit popped under the edge, Lucy screamed and began begging,
not for any particular thing, just incoherent pleas. When the belt reached
Lucy's lips, Alicia pressed it against them. Lucy shook her head from side to
side until Alicia put her

hand on that blunt chin and pushed on it, gently.

     Lucy's mouth opened, her tongue came out and licked the belt.  Alicia fed
the belt into Lucy's straining mouth until Lucy gagged.  When she took the belt
out of Lucy's mouth, Alicia raised up and straddled Lucy's hips, squatting on
her, pussy to pussy.  Alicia worked her ass back and forth, rubbing that red fur
across Lucy's black, while she coiled the belt around her hand.

     A foot long section hung from her hand when she finally stopped winding and
swung it against Lucy's breast.  The blow was softly delivered, even so it left
a mark on the virgin white of the breast.

     Lucy moaned and tried to raise her hips, but to no avail.  The belt
caressed those breasts, one at a time, until they were as pink as the inside of
her pussy. Top and bottom, both sides, Lucy's breasts were covered with belt end
shaped marks. Her hips moved ceaselessly under Alicia, her mouth was open and
moaning, and her eyes never left her breasts.  The moans were a cross between
pain and intense pleasure.  Little Miss Lucy is no stranger to the whip.

    Alicia rose and began working down Lucy's sides with the belt, from her
shoulders all the way to the knees, then back up the inner thigh.  When she
reached that sparsely furred mound, Alicia stopped long enough to spread Lucy's
thighs

wide, and prop them apart with a pole. This was strapped to Lucy's knees and
held her thighs spread in an extreme manner. Alicia then began at the knee with
the belt and worked up the inner thigh to the pussy, and then down the other
side.

     The pause in the middle, to administer several strokes to those tender,
sensitive, lips, brought the first scream of true pain from Lucy's lips.  The
screams ended shortly and Lucy began begging Alicia to fuck her.  I guessed what
was going to happen, but was supprised at the size of the dildo hat the couch
cushions disgorged.  Alicia held it up for Lucy to see.  As Lucy beheld its
twelve inch length, and five

inch girth, I could see that it frightened her.

     Alicia placed the toy against Lucy's lips and pushed it into her mouth,
when Lucy gagged, Alicia removed it, turned around and settled her pussy onto
Lucy's face.  Although I couldn't see what Lucy did to that pussy, I did see her
ass raise as Alicia forced that mammoth dong into a very tight pussy.  Shifting
to a position at the side of the stool Alicia watched Lucy's face as she worked
on her pussy.  Lucy

couldn't take all of the dildo, about four inches remained outside of her when
Alicia stopped pushing in and retracted that punishing instrument from its
sheath.  The strokes were slow and each had a half twist going in and coming
out.

    When Lucy's gasps turned to sighs and moans of pleasure, Alicia flipped a
switch on the end of the dildo, a loud  humming filled my ears. Lucy howled and
strained her hips into the air.  When they came back down she was thrashing
around and shaking as orgasms coursed through her body.  At the height of Lucy's
ecstasy, while those hips were raised as high as possible, Alicia pulled the
dildo out of Lucy's pussy, dipped it in a jar of lubricant and shoved it up
Lucy's ass.  When Lucy's ass hit the stool, Alicia dived onto that pussy with
her mouth and held her still, until she stopped screaming.

     Slowly Lucy calmed as Alicia worked on her nipples with fingers and her
clit with teeth. After Lucy quit shaking and creaming, Alicia untied her ankles
and knees. Her hands

still tied together, Lucy was led into the bedroom, and laid on the bed, face
down.  Her hands were secured to the headboard, her feet to the foot, spread as
wide as the bed  allowed. Alicia opened a drawer and took out another dildo,
this one fitted with a harness. One end was double, a large shaft, and at an
angle a smaller shaft. The large rod shaped  section went into her own pussy,
the smaller rod filled her asshole, the harness held the main shaft in the
position of a penis.

Alicia sat on the edge of the bed and grasped the base  of the shaft buried in
Lucy's bowels, after pulling it  halfway out she gave it a half turn and pushed
it back in. Lucy groaned and lifted her ass in the air. Raising the belt she had
kept handy, Alicia brought it down across Lucy's ass. The shaft, halfway out,
twitched as Lucy's sphincter clinched. A s the shaft slid in and out of Lucy's
ass, the belt came down again and again, until Lucy's buttocks were as  pink as
her breasts had been earlier.    

    

     Alicia pulled the shaft out of Lucy's ass, mounted her thighs and drove the
main shaft of the harness dildo into Lucy's newly opened backdoor.  For the next
several hours Lucy cried, begged, screamed, and thrashed on the bed as both

of her entrances, one after the other, were warmed to red heat, by the harness
held shaft. I heard a buzzing that said the harness had a vibrator in it.

    After Alicia had an orgasm that left her swaying dizzily, Lucy was tied to
the same stool used for the Jock. The difference was that Lucy spent the night
with both

entrances filled, watching Alicia use various toys on herself. Lucy begged for
attention, it seemed that the dildos were just sitting there and Lucy wanted
them to move. The next morning Alicia untied Lucy, extracted the dildos, then
bathed her. Alicia paid particular attention to Lucy's pussy and nipples, using
a stiff brush on the nipples and a large syringe to douche her pussy, 
alternating between hot and ice

cold solutions, as Lucy pleaded and begged.

     The session, once they were back in the bedroom lasted two hours.  Lucy
remained untied, her tongue in Alicia's pussy, and several times in her ass. 
Alicia, it seems has a very sensitive asshole. The way she thrashed and squirmed
when Lucy was tounge fucking it, I knew that I was going to like it.

     Late that afternoon when Alicia led her from the house, the dildo was
filling Lucy's ass, her hands were tied, and there were spring type clothespins
on both nipples, under the blouse. The last thing said before they left the
house was a

promise to Lucy, that she would spend a week under the most stringent
discipline, when Alicia got back. I thought to myself, that the next time Alicia
saw Lucy, she would know just exactly what stringent discipline was.



Wednesday Nov 10



    Alicia hangs in the closet of the Training room.  The wakeup shot brought
her around to darkness, rough walls against her breasts, leather hand, and ankle
cuffs, and silence. The hood is completely light and soundproof.  Her hands are
fastened to the wall, high enough that she cannot kneel. If she tires of
standing she must hang from her wrists, with her breasts against the wall. It is
a rough

stone wall, with only a sheer gown between those lovely breasts and the surface.



Thursday Nov 11

     The lovely Alicia is a strong woman, she stood for nearly five hours before
sinking to her knees, only to find her knees off the floor, her breasts
scrubbing against a very rough surface. She tried to stand up, but had not the
strength to rise to her feet. I watched for hours as she squirmed against that
wall. Each time she moved, her nipples scrubbed across the rough stone surface,
then she would hold

herself away from the wall. A few minutes of this and she  would collapse again,
only to repeat the actions.

     Late that evening I opened the door and lowered the chains holding her
suspended. Alicia sat on her heels and began trying to remove the handcuffs, all
the while cursing me, in the foulest language I have ever heard. It is going to
be a great pleasure to teach this woman Society manners.

     I released the chains from the cuffs and stepped back as he struck at me. I
ordered her to remove her clothes. Her  reply was that I could go to hell. She
was on her knees, in the process of getting to her feet, when the buggy whip
fell

across her buttocks. As that thin line of fire ignited across her ass she howled
like the damned. A red welt raised  on her ass, visible now as the gown was whip
cut.

     I repeated the order and was met with the same language and refusal. Alicia
was now standing and trying to orient herself toward my voice. The first stroke
cut across the front of her thighs just below the crotch. Her hands went to

the hurt and the second landed on the back of those same creamy thighs.  Again I
repeated the order to remove the gown and negligee, again the refusal. At this
refusal four strokes caressed her, from her belly button to the top of her
thighs so fast that she was unable to move, she just collapsed on the floor,
screaming.

     I informed her that each time she disobeyed the punishment would double.
Her answer was couched in the same invective that she had used previously. 
Sitting on the floor holding her knees to her chest protected the front and, to
some extent, the back of her body. The first stroke started on her left calf
continued across her thigh, her hip and the tip of the whip cut her buttock from
the left side to the cleft.  A shallow cut but it drew blood and a terrible
scream.

     Alicia straightened out and turned onto her stomach. four strokes crossed
the back of her thighs before she could turn over to protect them.  The fifth
started below her right breast and crossed the upper slope of the left breast,
ending

on the left shoulder. The sixth crossed her abdomen angled down right to left
between her hip bones. She was screaming and thrashing now, begging for me to
stop. She would do anything, only just stop. The seventh caressed her back just

below her waist.  As she turned, the last crossed  the upper slope of both
breasts.

     Alicia was now tucked into fetal position pleading for mercy.  I told her
that punishment, once started, was always completed.  Once again I ordered her
to stand and remove her gown and negligee, now torn nearly off of her.  Standing
somewhat shakily, Alicia dropped the sheer silk gown at her feet.  Reaching
beneath her crotch she loosed the thong teddy and drew it over head.

    The rapidly blackening lines drew attention to the secret places of her
body. Her nipples stood out on her breasts as hard as diamond.  The red thatch
covering the Mons Veneris was as bushy as it had looked on the monitor. The
buttocks, clinched tightly due to the caress of the whip, were lush and cream
colored, the stripes crossing them drew the eye to the hidden recess between
them. From the cut at the top of the

left cheek, a drop of blood had ran down into the crevice, inviting inspection.

     I told Alicia, to hold her hands out in front of her, wrists up, and
reminded her that the next punishment was sixteen strokes of the whip. Hooking
short chains, attached to an overhead beam, to the cuffs, I raised the beam
until her heels were an inch off of the floor. Putting on my own mask I raised
the eyepieces of her hood.  When Alicia's eyes had adjusted to the light, she
found herself looking into a set of mirrors, placed to allow viewing of her
entire body.

     When I stood behind her all she could see was a man in black with a black
mask. I placed my fingers on her left breast, trailed them down over the nipple,
down across her belly, into the patch of red hair at the juncture of her thighs. 
When I pushed a finger between those lips she began cursing me again. I promised
Alicia that she would learn to se her mouth for something other than talking.

     I traded the buggy whip for my strap, the one with the holes in it. When
the strap crossed her ass, Alicia began screaming and continued until her chest
was heaving with the effort of drawing breath. Her ass rapidly turned pink, then
red. When I laid the strap down Alicia was red from her waist to the back of her
knees, many blows had landed on the front of her body as she jerked and twisted.

     When I lowered her, Alicia collapsed on the floor, sobbing and pleading. I
fastened her wrists together and left her in the dark closet, wrists chained up
so that she could not touch her body. I put a bucket in with her, explaining
that she would be punished, if she fouled the floor. Closing he door I went back
to the house, leaving Alicia to fantasize what came next.



Monday Nov 15

     For four days I have whipped the lovely Alicia at odd intervals.  Between
whippings I secure her to the Elephant and rape her brutally.  Twice I have
allowed her to watch the monitor as I use her vagina.  Both times I whip it
first so that it is swollen and tender.  She has yet to fail at having an orgasm
during the forced use of her sensitized vaginal opening.

     Today I brought her out and removed her hood, then allowed her to walk
around the training room.  After she had walked the stiffness from her legs, I
held out the chain for her handcuffs. Alicia approached with her hands held out.
When she was close enough she tried to kick me. The woman has heart, even if she
is inclined to stupidity. Her arms went over her head as she swung her leg. A
forehand slap across the side of the left breast laid her on the floor.

     While she rolled around and screamed I administered sixteen strokes of the
whip.  Alicia had to be aroused several times during the session. When it was
finished I returned her to the closet and the dark. It is going well.



     Friday Nov 19



    Three more days of brutal use, no baths, hand feeding, and whippings, have
followed one upon another.  When I brought her out this morning she was docile,
cowed, expecting another beating.  Clipping her wrists together with a leash I

led her to the bath. I picked her up and set her in a tub of hot water. 
Releasing her wrists, and removing the hood I gave her a sponge and watched as
she washed that wonderful body.  She followed instructions without a complaint,
not one. When she used the brush on her nipples I could see the breast swelling.
When Alicia moved from the left to the right breast I reached out and grasped
the left nipple with my

thumb and finger. Alicia continued with the right breast but her neck arched and
her head went back, the nipple swelled and became hard as a diamond, as I
pinched and twisted it, brutally.

     After she had washed the thatch between her thighs she spread her knees, at
my instruction, and watched apprehensively as I used a pair of scissors, to trim
that

hair before shaving it off.  From the top of that beautiful set of lips to the
bottom I cut the hair short. I squeezed gel on them and bade her rub it in.  As
her fingers caressed those lips, Alicia's head went back and moans issued from
her mouth. Her legs were spread wide and her breath was coming in short gasps
when I pulled her hand out from between those thighs and shaved that pussy.

     Fastened to the GYN bench that I keep in the bathing room, Alicia watched
as I whipped her pussy lips with a short piece of belt fastened to a wooden
handle. I continued until they were swollen and so sensitive that touching them,
just drawing my finger along the top of one of them, extracted a screaming
orgasm from her.  Taking a ten inch vibrator I ran it along and between those
tender lips. Alicia responded to the touch of the vibrator with a loud gasp and
raised her hips in the air.

     I worked the toy up and down the length of those beautiful lips, at times
pushing it into her until it hit the bottom of that magnificent hole. Alicia
cried, moaned

and begged for mercy .  I worked that toy in and out of that moist entrance
until she was right at the door of heaven, right down in the short rolls, then I
slid the vibrator down to her asshole and drove it into her.

     As she raised her head and howled I drove my cock into her vagina.  Alicia
fainted twice during that session. After coming in her I changed the vibrator
for a solid plug, same size and length, but not mechanical, then I made her
squat over a mirrored pan and douche. The syringe was large, the tube long, and
I made her insert it all the way, before squeezing the bulb.  Alicia has a
really lovely pussy.



Friday Nov 19



     For four days she has had the freedom of the apartment. She looks for a way
out. There is none. This morning I ordered her to don the hood, she refused. I
keep a BB gun in he entrance room for times like this. I aimed it through a
small hole between the mirrors and began shooting BB's. As each BB struck her
breast, Alicia screamed.  When she donned the hood her breasts were covered with
small bruises where the bbs hit them.  I strapped her to the Elephant and put
thirty two stripes across her ass.  After each four strokes I bathed her ass
with ice-water, then delivered four more.

     After the punishment was finished I loosed her hands and placed her fingers
on her buttocks. A strap fastened across her back holds her breasts against the
Elephant and allows her to use her hands to spread her buttocks.  When she had
them spread to my satisfaction, it took nearly an hour and many strokes of the
yardstick before she had it exactly right, her rose was stretched into a tiny
sideways oval. Sliding a lube tube into her, I squeezed KY jelly into the
after-passage, then followed it with a string of pearls. Three feet long it was,
seventy two, separate, large, smoooth,

white beads, went into that puckered rose.  Pulling her hands up behind her back
I clipped them together, then drove into that warm, soft, velvety moist, vagina.

     All those pearls in her bowels made that pussy very tight, all the way in.
That drove Alicia into shaking jerking orgasms with nearly every stroke. Each
time she was on top of the rail and ready to drop, I held onto the end of that
string and dragged six pearls out of that clenched sphincter.

Before the last of those pearls were pulled from her ass Alicia fainted many
times.  That night she spent in the bed, with her hands chained to the top rail,
while I made

liberal use of that sensitized sphincter.

_________________________________________________________________

                          INTERLUDE



     One of the monitors camera looked down on a woman, tied face down to a
large stuffed elephant. The other was looking at her face, a face that was
twisted in a rictus of sexual tension. A large man was standing behind her
savagely thrusting into her vagina. A string of large pearls emerged from her
anus and lay draped across her back. The man grasped the string, close to the
sphincter, and on his next outstroke pulled several of the large beads from the
woman's anal opening.

     The womans eyes opened wide, her mouth opened wider and she howled like a
wolf, then fainted.  Draping the string across her back the man continued with
his use of her foreportal.  After several minutes the woman revived and
continued moaning. Every few minutes she would screw up her face and cry out,
then collapse on the Elephant, only for the tension to begin building again.

     "Hey, Jack, you ever watch Harry ball one of these whores?"

     "Not for very long, why?"

     "He never seems to get enough. He's been at Alicia for n hour and looks to
be good for another."

     "It's the wetware, Jake. Harry has conscious control of his erection.  He
doesn't know about it, but it works. It's one of the more lucrative developments
that we are studying. It's also the only one that the government knows about."

     "I didn't know that it was in use yet. I don't think that we ever want them
to find out about the Subliminal element in the eyepieces of that hood, Jack. 
The potential

for robotisizing people is too great, and we'd be the first."

     "Tell me about it.  The electronics are all self-destruct, and tamperproof.
There's no way that I can get at them without wiping the system. That's why it
takes so long

to change any part of it out, the whole thing has to be built,  programmed, and
replaced. You want to have a set of those controls implanted? It only takes
about two hours."

     "Maybe when I reach thirty, right now I have no trouble. The things that
the Chapterhouse women are willing to do, and willing to suffer, make it easy to
get it up, and keep it up."

     "The age of need seems to be about fifty. I've done ten installations for
the society and a hundred for that bunch of Polls from the Capitol Dome. You
should see the collection of young girls that they have over there. They have
every pimp

in the country sending their best young meat there. No class though, just young,
tight, pussy. Half of them don't even have tits, or much pubic hair. I think
that the oldest one hat I implanted a Mucus enhancer in was about fourteen, and
the youngest was twelve.  The way they use them, those girls are burnt out at
sixteen."

     "If one of the militant groups doesn't get a nuke in there I'll be
supprised. Jack, the last time I was over there it took two hours to get through
the security locks and into the dome, and another to get into the hill."

     "It takes three now, for the dome, and an armed guard goes with you in the
hill, everywhere."

     "Paranoid bunch of bastards aren't they."

     "With reason, Jake, with reason. Columbus is gone, you know.  The
Green-peacers got a megger in there. The dome held but nobody is going in there
for the next thousand years, it was dirty."

     "No more toxic outflow from there. That means shutdown for a couple of more
domes, no chemicals."

     "Uh oh, Harry is getting ready to pull some beads out of Alicia's  ass. .
Watch this bitch's face."

     On the screen the man grasped the string and pulled. The last dozen pearls
came out of the straining woman's ass, She surged against the restraints, her
eyes wide, her mouth open, and screaming, then she collapsed, unconscious. Harry

inserted the curved neck of a container of ice water into that winking orifice
and squeezed. Alicia woke begging incoherently.  Harry slid that enormous shlong
out of her vagina, gripped that slender waist and drove into her ass. the surge
of ice water into her bowls had brought Alicia, to her senses.  While Harry
drove into her, Alicias face took on the slack look of idiocy.  She began
grunting and moaning,

and Jake could see her ass moving. Side to side, rocking forward and back, as
far as the restraints would allow.

     "Damn, Jake. That bitch is going to have an orgasm while being fucked in
the ass."

     "Watch Harry, Jack."

     On the screen the man raised a short, wooden handled strap.  When Alicia
began her orgasm he brought it down so that it struck across the side of her
breast.  First the right one, then the left, twice. Alicia's head raised, her
mouth screamed, her body strained for a second then collapsed, truly unconscious
this time.

     "I can't wait for that piece of meat to reach the market.  I am going to
slice it thin, personally."

     "I think that that is going to be a popular entry in the Book. Expensive
too. We'll keep it exclusive, separate from the Chapterhouse log."

     "Jake, I'd go along with keeping that totally private."

     "Too much money to be made from that. I think that it should go for twenty
thousand for the weekend, maybe forty."

     Jack was watching Harry move Alicia to a shallow tiled basin that was built
into the floor of the bath. Using a hose and a sponge, Harry bathed her.  Her
front was  done while she sat on her heels. Then for the back he made Alicia lay

own.  From her shoulders to her ankles he sponged that beautiful body.  Then he
moved to her inner thighs. Spreading her legs he ran the sponge over all the
surfaces available, the hose sluicing the suds off, so the skin was visible.

     Then he spread her cheeks. Her rose had not yet closed completely.  Harry
pushed the hose into it and held his hand on Alicia's waist as she bucked. 
Alicia squealed as her bowels filled, then the hose was pulled out and the
contents of her bowels followed. Alicia squirmed and moaned as Harry repeated
the process three times. The large central drain hole carried off the contents
of Alicia's bowels. The last time she was filled the enema came out as clear as
it went n.

     "That's the damnedest thing I have seen him do to one of these Whores. Did
you see her squirm when he shoved that hose up her ass?"

     "That's why we chose him, Jack. He really knows how to humiliate them and
make them like it. Even with the subliminal it's easier to train them if they
enjoy what is being done to them. At least part of the time.

_________________________________________________________________



Friday Dec 15



     Its been two weeks since I returned Alicia, to her house.  Two days ago I
went by there on the way back from checking out the new prospect. Alicia
answered the door dressed in one of the wraparounds that the society uses for
ease of removal. I looked into her eyes and spoke the words, "Comvit me". She
held the door wide and let me in. After closing the door she unbuckled her belt
and removed the wrap, she was lovely.

     Her buttocks were covered with fading weal's from  last weekends visitor.
The slave ring hung from her left labia, large and heavy. It reminded her at all
times that she was a slave.  Squatting on her heels she spread her knees and
placed her hands, palm up, on her thighs.

     "What is your pleasure, Master." She asked.

     When I left the next morning she remembered what my pleasure was. I
informed her that I would return the next Wednesday and that I wanted her to
have that little girl here. Lucy, I think her name was.



                                         INTERLUDE



    "Jake, you better come here, Jack called over the intercom. Harry's fucked
up, bigtime."

     Jake rushed into the lab to find Jack watching Harry fuck Alicia in the
ass, as she was hanging from the ceiling. Her ankles were held apart by a rod,
and kneeling in front of her was the young, lovely, and very naked, Lucy.

    "What the hell is Harry doing there? He's supposed to be over in Stringtown
looking over the new talent."

     "That's not all." Jack flipped a switch and the scene changed to the
outside of Alicia's house. The vantage point was the roof. As Jake watched a
black clad man carrying a military assault rifle ran into the yard and dropped
down

behind the hedges.

     "What the fuck is a SWAT team doing there?"

     "I don't know. I think we are about to lose an asset."

     "More than that, where is the van?"

    

 	More switching acquired a view through the windshield of the van. More
troops appeared to be surrounding it.

     "I wonder if those dumb motherfuckers will believe the  warning signs on
that van. If not there is going to be a hot time  in the old town tonight." Jake
observed.

     Back on the main screen, Harry had slipped out of Alicia and now was
warming up Lucy's ass.  A face appeared briefly in the window. Suddenly the door
burst open, and armed men entered. Harry jerked out of Lucy and from his hands
and

knees, kicked the first cop in the stomach, lifting him from the floor and
driving him into the rest of the team coming through the door. Harry leaped out
of the window and headed for the van. Halfway across the back yard a burst of
gunfire

erupted. Harry was lifted into the air and the right side of his head exploded.

     When he hit the ground his eyes could be seen lying separated from his face
held by thin wire.  The cop who checked to make sure that he was dead looked at
the eyeballs, rolled one of them and shook his head. Back inside the house he
got the attention of the detective who had accompanied them.

    "Something awfully strange about that guy, Lieutenant D'Arcy. His eyes had
wires in them."

     "We'll get it all in the ME report, Sgt. Right now go and check on those
boys at the van. Make sure that they keep their hands off of it until the
forensic people get here, I got the bomb squad coming too. I am going to take
these two out to the squad and see about the ambulance."

     "Right you are Lieutenant." Sargent Raymond Wallace walked out the back
door and into the Line of Duty files. He was halfway across the yard when the
SWAT team leader opened the door to the vans rear compartment.

     The intelligence denial bomb had been an experiment for Jake.  When it
detonated, one hundred pounds of mercurial-pyroxite(HgN23O48H12) turned into
plasma. This bubble expanded at three times the speed of sound. When it hit the
hedge at the edge  of Alicia's yard it deflected somewhat upward. This saved
Alicia,

Lucy, and Lieutenant D'Arcy. The concussion knocked them to the ground behind
the front hedges. Debris from the house flew above their heads, glass and
plaster fell on them.  When he could move again D'Arcy half led half carried the
two women to war the ambulances and police cars converging on the area.

_________________________________________________________________



                       CONCLUSION                       

    Lieutenant D'Arcy fingered the button that returned the Diary to the
beginning.  He put the book down on the table, as if he were pushing it away
from himself. Then he picked it up and opened the cover to the viewing screen.
He pushed a

button and a picture lighted up the screen, a holographic image of a naked
woman. She was hanging by her wrists from an off camera chain. The camera moved
in for a closeup of her face. Black hair, high cheekbones, gray eyes, full red
lips. As it moved down her body he saw a pair of magnificently voluptuous
breasts, nipples the size, and color of strawberries. These were pierced by
Ivory rings, holding

weights that stretched them painfully. As it reached the pubic area, a large
gold ring, holding a  disk ,could be seen hanging from her left labia.

     Just like the one that Alicia wore.  The last thing that showed was her
ass. White and compact it was crossed by five dark red weal's. As he watched a
whip applied another.

     The picture faded and a name and address replaced it. Janet Adjeness,
520004 Sandhurst Lane , Westminster. He thumbed through the directory until the
picture of Alicia, shone from the screen. He watched several times as her left
nipple was pierced.  Closing the book he left the house, he was nearly late for
his shift, as sitter for Alicia. When the on duty officer had left, and they
were alone, he looked at

her until she squirmed and walked into the bedroom. Standing in the bathroom
door he spoke for the first time since he had arrived.

     "Comvit Me."

     Alicia dropped her clothes on the floor, squatted on her heels, placed her
hands on her thighs and said. "What would you have of me, Master?"

     Later watching her bathe he told her that he had a house that would be
perfect for them both.

     "A house will be provided for me, D'Arcy."

     "I want you to live with me, be my wife."

     "You can have me anytime you want, do anything that you want to do to me,
anything. You know the code. Well anytime other than weekends."

     "I want you all the time, just me."

    "You are greedy D'Arcy, very greedy. It cannot be. You have seen the things
that have been done to me, done some of them yourself.  I am aware of everything
that is done, I just cannot refuse. Know this also, D'Arcy, I enjoy it. Before
Harry, I was a dominatrix, now I am a slave, a willing one. I do not want to
change. Be satisfied with what you have, there will never be more."

     At home D'Arcy wondered idly what had happened to Lucy before he threw the
book into the trash and went to bed. A few minutes later he picked it out of the
basket and opened it to the first picture, Janet Adjness. She lived no more than
two miles away.

     It was ten in the morning when Lieutenant D'Arcy rang the bell. Janet
answered the door wearing a wraparound dress.



D'Arcy spoke the words.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sixgun


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





