BDSM Library - Heretics




Heretics
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sofie Weston knew that stealing was a sin. She never imagined what hell would befall her once she was caught by Mary Agnes.
Heretics

She was an average looking woman in her mid 30's. She wore the same tattered
blue dress every Sunday and sat in the back pew. Mary Agnes watched the woman
every week with a growing disdain. She had suspicions about the poor woman but
no one would believe her without proper proof.

It was not until the last balmy Sunday in late spring that she caught the woman
in the act. She watched her skim a thick envelope off the top of the collection
basket as it passed by her. The woman waited a few moments before she tried to
make her escape. The congregation rose to sing a hymn. This was her cue to exit.
She tried to sneak out the large double doors at the back of the church. Mary
Agnes was ready for this. She gave a bit of a nod to the two men at the back
door.

The large man on the left, Bill, politely smiled at her as he graciously opened
the door for her. The lanky man to the right, Tom, silently followed her into
the vestibule. Once outside of the view of their brethren, Tom grabbed her
shoulder gently, much to her surprise. She let out a quiet whimper and fell into
his awaiting arms.

When the woman awoke, she was naked and strapped securely to some sort of large
table in what she could only assume was the church basement. She tried to lift
her head to get a better look around but it was held down with a thick band of
leather at her forehead.  Frantically, she tried to free herself as muffled
screams stuck in her throat. The table beneath her was cold and felt like metal
against her bare skin.

She could feel the hard, round object that held her mouth open. Panic filled her
soul as her eyes darted about the very dimly lit room. The sound of a heavy door
closing and several sets of footsteps filled the nearly silent room. The lights
were turned up slightly but remained too low for any real change. The footsteps
stopped and she could hear indistinct whispers between the unseen visitors. The
voice, the clearest one, was that of a woman.  Her voice was icy and stern.

She drew closer, finally, barely coming into the bound woman's line of vision.
In Mary Agnes's hand was an identification card. She continued to study it for a
moment before looking into the face of the woman on the table. A thin smile
formed on her lips as she fed on the fear that was abundant in the woman's eyes.

"Sofie Weston... such a pretty name" Mary Agnes remarked. "Well Sofie, it looks
like you have gotten yourself into a bit of trouble haven't you?"

Sofie was terrified. She knew stealing was wrong and punishment was deserved,
but she desperately needed to feed her family. Times were tough and she was
willing to do anything to get the money they needed to survive. She was a
god-fearing woman and never would do such a thing otherwise.

She could hear the two others milling around in the darkness as they prepared
things in the room. This only served to fuel the fears that gripped her. Sofie
could hear the rattling of metal instruments in the background.  The sound of
water suddenly filtered into the mix. They were filling something. That much was
obvious.

"Bill... scrub her clean. I want every inch of her spotless before I return" she
spoke before she headed back into the darkness.

"Yes Mary Agnes" he quickly replied.

The door creaked open and again slammed shut. Sofie could hear the two
approaching her prone body. Tom sat down a large metal bucket on the table next
to her. Bill had moved to the end of the table by her feet. She caught a glimpse
of him as he passed. He appeared to be holding something in his hand that had a
hose extending from the bottom. She heard the sound of metal scraping as he
pulled the extension up. He hung the large open-ended bag on the hook that
extended from it.

Tom reached into the bucket and pulled out a thick scrub brush. A drop of water
landed on her warm flesh, causing her to flinch. The water was frigid. He began
to scrub hard on her left thigh. His large hand held her limb steady as the
brush bristles roughly scoured her. Her dirty white flesh turned a hideous,
stinging red from the abrasion.

Her body stiffened as she suddenly felt something pressing against her
unprotected little puckered rosebud. She tried to scream but the gag prevented
more than a muffled groan. The pressure intensified until the tip of the cold
plastic nozzle forced inside her. Bill worked it in and out for a moment,
pushing it deeper until it was embedded in her tight hole.  She felt it
expanding slowly inside her, painfully stretching her virgin orifice.  He
clicked the clip open and the cool liquid began to flow into her.

Tom continued to scrub her skin raw with the brush. Having cleaned the lower
portion of her exposed flesh, he began to work up her stomach toward her
breasts. Tears streamed from her eyes and down the sides of her face. The weight
of his hand and the brush as he scrubbed made her stomach churn as the liquid
continued to fill her. She groaned as the fluid sloshed inside her. He continued
upwards toward her breasts. The sturdy bristles bit into the sensitive flesh as
he cleaned her.

Bill had wandered off, returning with a large gallon jug. He carefully poured
its contents into the bag. Sofie winced in pain as she began to cramp intensely.
She already felt as if she would explode. The liquid rolled inside her as more
rushed in. She clenched her eyes shut as she tried to blot the pain out of her
thoughts.

The stiff brush tore at her nipple as it dragged across her breast. The cold,
antiseptic fluid stung the raw flesh with every pass. He continued to work over
her torso, then each arm and finally leaving her neck and face. She heard the
brush drop into the bucket with a loud thud. She prayed that it was over.
Suddenly, a rough rag caressed her face. She did not dare to open her eyes. Bill
released the band around her head. His hands quickly latched on to the sides of
her head and held her as Tom continued to clean her face. Once he finished the
leather, restraint was returned to its place.

Once again Bill returned to the bag and filled it up with a little more of the
fluid. Her stomach was obscenely distended. The two did not seem to have any
sympathy for her condition. She then felt a prick and a burning sensation spread
throughout her body. Within seconds, her entire body felt heavy and weak. The
men undid the restraints and flipped her over. She let out a loud groan around
the ball gag as they positioned her on her stomach. To her surprise, they did
not return the leather strap around her head; just her ankles and wrists were
restrained.

Tom began to scrub her once again as Bill moved back down between her legs.
Sofie was praying that the torturous washing would soon end. Little did she know
that Bill retrieved a very large bottlebrush from the bucket. She felt the
prickle of the bristles against her cunt lips. With a sharp thrust of it, he
buried the brush painfully into her. Her body did not move much. The sedative
they gave her was keeping her docile. Finally, the liquid had stopped flowing
into her bowels. She felt the painful cramping intensify with each insertion of
the brush into her cunt.

The scratches soon began to bleed as he twisted it inside her. She was helpless.
After scrubbing, every inch of her the two men released her from the restraints
and hefted her limp body off the table. She was dragged across the room to the
toilet. Her hands were cuffed to a chain that hung above it and her ankles
securely placed in shackles that were bolted to the floor. The plug was removed
from her rectum and she was finally allowed to sit and expel the contents of her
bloated stomach and intestines.

The two men left her sitting there for about 45 minutes. Her body was still
weakened by the drug. It seemed like forever before they returned to her. Bill
stood her up while the plug was reinserted. The torturous enema regime was
repeated twice more before she was acceptably clean. The men carried her to a
small shower stall. Her handcuffs were then attached to the wall and she was
left hanging there. Blasts of cold water hit her body from all angles. They
quickly ended as Tom grabbed her hair. He roughly began to lather it up with
some shampoo. He stepped out of the way and another attack of cold water hit her
body, rinsing the shampoo away.

Her body shivered from the frigid water. They spread her legs and the long
forgotten slit below was filled with a different nozzle filled her cunt. Cool
liquid flooded her cunt, washing away the blood from scrubbing of the tender
flesh.  Once the solution was done, draining from her, her limp body was dragged
back to the table and laid upon it. She was then restrained again. Sofie drifted
off into a broken sleep.

It felt as if hours had passed. Her chilled body lay upon the table completely
still. Sounds filtered into her slumber but not enough to wake her. A sudden
pain surged through her body as she felt the sharp bite of a rather large
alligator clip being closed around her nipple, which was already standing erect
from her coldness. The restraints held tight despite her attempts to pull free.
The cold voice of Mary Agnes again filled her head.

"Sofie, ordinarily we would just chop your hands off so you could not steal from
anyone ever again but this time we decided to make an example of you. You are
going to be a living testament as to the punishment that sin deserves. You will
be my masterpiece of retribution," she coldly stated.

Another clamp was added to her free nipple. She yelped in pain but the ball gag
held her sounds in. She was terrified of what was to come. Sofie had always
believed that sinners would feel the wrath of God, but never at the hands of a
deranged woman of the church. Her legs were lewdly spread and two large clamps
were attached to her cunt lips. Tiny trickles of blood flowed from where the
teeth bit into her puffy flaps. 

A small length of chain was then slipped under her neck. Either end was
connected to the clamps on her nipples, pulling them painfully upwards. Each
moment of her body would send a shot of pain through her from the clamps. Mary
Agnes looked at Tom and held her hand out. He laid the handle of a small leather
cat o nine tails across her palm. Little metal cone shaped studs dangled at the
end of the strips.

She began to whip Sofie's torso, paying special attention to the underside of
her breasts. Thin welts soon raised on her body. Each time she squirmed, the
steel teeth ripped into her sensitive little nub a little more. Salty tears
continued to fall as her body was whipped for several movements. The little
metal studs made bruised indents into her flesh. Pathetic whimpers tried to
choke out around the gag.

Mary Agnes took a moment to assess the welts and handed Tom the cat o nine
tails. She wrapped the taut chain around her finger, causing it to painfully tug
on her nipples as the clamps held tight on them. She chuckled as she watched
Sofie's body jerk, causing more pain to surge through. The night of pain was
only beginning. Soon this would all seem like a pleasant dream compared to what
she would be forced to endure.

She nodded to Bill who had disappeared for a few moments and now was completely
naked. Without a word, he climbed up onto the table, kneeling between Sofie's
legs. Her eyes widened in horror as she felt warm flesh against hers. Needing no
further encouragement from anyone, Bill forced the tip of his cock into her dry
little cunt. He grunted loudly as he tried to push all 9 inches of his very
thick shaft into her.

Sofie wailed as she felt the painful friction of his forced entry. Her eyes
frantically looked at Mary Agnes, hoping that she would end this invasion. The
only thing she found was a disturbing look of satisfaction as Bill began to
thrust as hard as he could into her tight little hole. Her entire body was
jolted from the force of his thrusts. Soon, a thin sheen of blood coated his fat
cock as it ripped into her, lubricating her enough to ease the pain slightly.
She tried to scream but could not. She prayed for death. She had never been
unfaithful to her husband and this was hurting her more than any physical pain
could.

"Don't worry Sofie. Salvation will soon be yours. You will learn the rewards of
a virtuous life here with us. You will be saved or you will die. Do not worry.
The congregation will all get a taste of you by the time this is done. You will
see the path of righteousness leads to a heaven like no other can promise," she
stated.

This did not put Sofie at ease in the least. All she could imagine was the
disappointed look on her husband's face as he learned of her fate.  She knew he
would blame her. She would lose everything because of one small error in
judgment. Bill's cock continued to pump into her tight little opening,
stretching her cunt to accept his full size. She felt as if she was being ripped
in two by the enormous shaft. With each bump of his hips against her, the clamp
holding her clit felt as if it was biting harder. Her body convulsed with each
little rush of agony. Her nipples were also tortured with each collision of
their flesh as her breasts bounced heavily.

Mary Agnes reached out and cruelly twisted the clamp on her left nipple as it
bounced. The chain pulled as the clamp twisted, sending a shot of pain into both
nipples at once. Sofie tried to cry out but still her voice was suppressed. Bill
grunted, looming over her, his body covered in sweat. She had never felt so
disgusting and helpless in her life. Suddenly, his thrusts increased in
intensity and speed as she felt him throb inside her. He unleashed a torrent of
thick cum into her before pulling out of her abused cunt.

Once he climbed off the table, the brush again attacked her tender hole. Mary
Agnes ferociously scrubbed the inner walls of the poor girl's cunt until blood
leaked freely from it. The ball gag was removed from her mouth, letting a loud
shriek free from her. In its place, a new gag was placed. This one held her
mouth open in an "o" shape. It had an adjustable mechanism that allowed for size
readjustments. Once it was in place, her head was released from the strap and
Bill roughly grabbed her hair. Her head was pulled toward his crotch. The scent
of sex filled her lungs as he pushed his cock into her mouth. He pulled her hair
as he held her face hard against his pelvic area.

"Suck it clean NOW" he commanded.

She did not make any attempt to obey. This promptly caused Mary Agnes to yank on
the clamp holding her clit, pulling so hard it felt as if the little nub would
rip right off. Sofie's body stiffened.  Her inner walls clamped down tightly
around the horrible brush still twisting inside her. She cried out in pain as
she still stubbornly refused to suck. With a swift yank, the brush was removed
and the blood coated bristles were forced into her tight puckered hole. It only
took a few seconds for her to succumb and begin sucking Bill's deflated cock
clean. He nodded to Mary Agnes, who gave the brush a twist as she pulled it
roughly out.

"You will learn to obey or you will suffer Sofie," she snarled. "It is as simple
as that."

Bill released his grip on her, letting her head clunk loudly onto the table. She
let out a soft whimper. Both of her holes now leaked the crimson essence. Her
body trembled as she sobbed heavily. She tried to lift her head as she heard an
unusual noise across the room. The squeaky wheels turned as Tom pushed a large
cart toward the table. It was wheeled to the right of her for the time being. He
also was now completely naked. His swollen cock jutted out from his body
obscenely.

He climbed up onto the table just as Bill had and lined the tip of his mammoth
cock up with her tiny rosebud. The tiny trickle of blood lubricated it just
enough for him to force the head in with moderate ease. She felt the searing
pain spread as the thick head pushed a little deeper inside her. The tight ring
of muscles ripped as he began to thrust his enormous cock into her as brutally
as he could.

He grunted loudly with each thrust, sending her body sliding up and down the
table beneath him. Mary Agnes yanked on the chains again, causing Sofie's
nipples to bleed, as she lay there helpless. She whimpered loudly as the teeth
tore deeper into the throbbing little nub. Her body ached now, feeling as if
relief would never come. Bill's pace quickened as he continued to plow his cock
deep inside her newly deflowered ass. The pain had slowly numbed to a dull
throb. She wished for it all to end soon.

His thrusts became more animalistic and frantic. She could feel his sweat
dripping onto her naked body. Suddenly, he held his pulsating cock deep inside
her ass. A torrent of milky semen filled her bowels. He groaned, reaching down
he grabbed the clamp on her clit and gave it a twist. She shrieked loudly from
around the O-ring gag. After what felt like an eternity, he withdrew from her.
He climbed off the table and walked around just as Tom did, forcing his cock
into her mouth. She obediently sucked. She felt sick, as she tasted the odd
flavor. While she finished cleaning him, Tom moved the large cart down between
her legs.

She could not tell what was going on. Her head was quickly strapped down once
again. She felt a large, smooth metal rod against the entrance of her cunt.
Slowly it pushed inside her, filling her fuller than she had ever thought
possible. Then another pressed against her sore anus. She whimpered as it too
moved deep inside of her. With both of them in place the clamps were removed
from her clit and nipples. In its place, a small vibrator/suction device was
placed upon her clit and secured into place with a couple of squeezes of the
ball. Then two small tubes were placed over her nipples. With a click of a
switch, her nipples were painfully sucked into them tubes, distending them
horribly. She sobbed in agony as her tortured little buds were stretched. The
vibe was then clicked on, sending a rush through her body. The strong vibrations
surged through her, mixing the pain with pleasure.

The machine was then turned on, forcing the two metal devices to thrust in and
out of her as they vibrated. Her body fought with all its might not to succumb
to the stimuli. Her body writhed on the cold steel table as the machine slowly
fucked both holes. Her clit pulsed as the vibrator purred against it, sending
shivers through her. The ache in her nipples had begun to feel more arousing
than painful as the rest of her body felt the pleasure spreading.

Mary Agnes watched, as the poor girl struggled not to cum. It was her favourite
part. She loved breaking sinners. It was only a matter of time before they began
her real punishment. The rest of the congregation would take such joy in
embracing Sofie and guiding her to follow their path. That would be nothing
compared to what was in store for her when she met Brother Seth. He would show
her what a sinner was truly worth when he thought she was ready for it.

The knob on the machine was turned, forcing the steel cocks to speed up. They
rammed into her hard and fast as her body quaked. She tried to stop herself but
her sobs had changed into moans of extreme pleasure. They watched her closely as
she twitched and jerked. Her nipples completely distended to the point of
looking almost disfigured. Her cunt was now leaking its own sweet nectar with
each penetration.

"It is time to leave her for a few hours. We have other business to attend to,"
Mary Agnes cooed as she stood up.

The three left her in the dungeon alone. The machines buzzing and the sounds of
her pleasure were all she had left now. She soon was forced into a massive
orgasm, leaving her screaming and writhing in her restraints. Her wrists and
ankles were becoming raw from her thrashing as each orgasm clutched her. She
could not stop herself. Her cunt and ass began to ache from the continuous
pumping of the two large metal phalli. Her body soon went limp as the hours of
orgasms took their toll, leaving her unconscious and weak. The door slowly
opened as the three re-entered, plotting their next acts.




Heretics

part 2

Sofie awoke, lifting her head slightly as she opened her eyes. She was startled
by the change in scenery. She did not know when they had moved her or why. The
gag was gone now.  She heard a sound in the near distance and looked to see what
it was. In the dim light, she could see the silhouette of a young woman. The
figure was approaching her timidly. Sofie tried to shrink back as it came
closer. She felt the cold steel shackle around her ankle jerk as she pulled
against the chain.

"I am not here to hurt you Sofie" the girl looked around. "I am not supposed to
be here. I heard Mary Agnes and the others talking about you and I wanted to
bring you something. They will punish me if they find out so please do not tell.
I knew it would be days before they fed you anything. So here, I brought you
this."

Sofie was confused. The girl held out a chunk of what looked like plain yellow
cake. Sofie quickly gobbled it up, keeping an eye on the girl the entire time.
She was terrified but hunger seemed to overpower any other thoughts.

"Who are you?" Sofie whispered.

"Celia is my name" she replied.

A noise down the hall frightened them both. Celia quickly ran into the darkness
and disappeared. Sofie sat there trying to figure out what would become of her.
Thoughts of her family quickly filled her mind. She knew they had to be worried
sick about her by now. Little did she know what was really happening with them.

Once again, Mary Agnes entered the room. She was accompanied this time by two
women who appeared to be no more than 20 years old, and a very muscular man that
she had seen in the congregation. The three were all scantily dressed and Mary
Agnes was clad in her typical churchish clothing. She always had that cruel
school marm persona about her. They spoke in quiet whispers, not letting her
hear what was being planned.

The man approached, holding a key in his hand. He unlocked the shackles and
scooped the poor girl up in his arms. She was carried to a new table this time.
It was oddly shaped with two holes about 10 inches in diameter and was
completely padded on top with heavy brown leather. Two adjustable restraints
were bolted to the tabletop, and two were welded to the sides of the table legs.
A terribly uneasy feeling spread over her as she was sat on her feet in front of
the table. The older looking one of the two girls quickly grabbed her wrists and
locked them into place. She was positioned so her breasts dangled through the
holes in the table.

She knew better than make a sound or the dreadful gag would be returned to her
mouth. She closed her eyes, hoping that this would be brief. She felt the steel
encircle her ankles as they were lifted, spreading her legs wide as she was
forced to rest her weight upon the padded surface. A thick strip of black velvet
was used to cover her eyes, tied tightly into place. She became even more
frightened now that she could not see what was about to happen.

Moments later, she felt something covered in a warm gooey substance pushing into
her puckered little opening. Sofie bit down hard on her lower lip as she felt
the tip of it spreading the tight ring of muscles. She tried to force back a
loud groan but it still slipped free. The others delighted in this. The object
pushed deeper until it was lodged deep inside her.  Mary Agnes held the hollow
metal shaft as she turned the dial methodically slow.

Sofie's entire body stiffened as she felt dozens of little pin pricks into the
sensitive lining of that cavity. A thin liquid began to flow from the tiny
hollow needles and into her flesh. She screamed in agony as a burning pain began
to spread through her as the liquid flowed. Her body jerked and twisted in the
restraints. The others laughed cruelly as they watched the girl's condition
worsen as more of the saline solution was pumped into her. Tears streamed down
her cheeks as she sobbed.

The knob was turned again, retracting the needles so the shaft could be removed.
It was then inserted into her pussy. She struggled against her restraints as she
felt the steel slip inside. The procedure was then repeated. Her screams filled
the room as the needles dug into the tender flesh and began to pump the wicked
liquid into her. Once the solution was emptied into her the device was removed
and the put away.

The lining inside both of her orifices began to painfully swell as a deep
burning pain riddled her body. Mary Agnes then was handed a speculum. The duck
bills gleamed as she smeared the thick substance over them before putting them
to the opening of Sofie's abused little fuck hole. They spread her painfully
with each click. A new pain surged through her as the mineral ice began to
irritate the fleshy interior.  With her vagina held open now, Mary Agnes turned
her attentions to the rubber tubing that also had been coated with the same
substance. Carefully she positioned it at the opening of her urethra. The tube
was a tiny bit larger than the opening but it did not matter.

Very slowly, Mary Agnes began to push it into position. A small amount of blood
seeped from inside as the walls were scraped raw. The ointment instantly began
to burn. She thrashed wildly in pain but the man placed his hand on the center
of her lower back and pinned her into position. The tube was secured into place
and they moved on to new preparations. The speculum was removed slowly and laid
aside to be cleaned.

One of the women then crouched down next to the table as the other prepared a
syringe. Sofie was unaware of what was to happen next. Her nipple was then
yanked hard. Suddenly, she felt the tip of the needle pricking the center of her
nipple and being pushed in. As it inserted into the little pink nub, the fluid
began to be injected at varied depths. She screamed in pain as her nipples began
to swell and ache as the rest of her. Then the other nipple received the same
treatment. It was only moments later that she felt the needle penetrate her
clit, injecting it with the same saline solution. Her body was on fire and
nothing offered any relief from the torment.

Her body twitched and jerked. The agonizing pain was pushing her to her wits
end. With a nod from Mary Agnes, the man wheeled the cart back over. Both holes
were swollen almost shut from the saline injections, making easy penetration
nearly impossible. The scent of mineral ice again wafted on the air as a thick
glob was spread over both of the shafts. Each was placed at one of her openings.
The original shafts had been replaced with larger ones today. The vaginal insert
had been changed from the smooth steel to one with small raised bumps along the
shaft. The anal intruder was about half an inch thicker than the one from
yesterday's assault.

She felt the smooth tips against her flesh. The dreaded click was heard and the
machine was switched on. Sofie cried out loudly as the large steel rods embedded
themselves in her two swollen cavities. Her body was jolted back and forth with
each thrust of them. The pain was so unbearable her head began to swim. She was
quickly losing her voice, which now sounded faint and raspy. Her body was too
weak to even try to struggle against the torture.

The man then moved in front of her. His semi erect cock dangled in front of her
face as he pulled the thin material that covered it down. She had never before
seen such a large one. Her eyes drifted upward to his face. She wanted to plead
with him not to make her do this but the words just came out an injured groan.
He took a step back as he reached down. A metal frame with small padded area and
three straps hanging from it swung up and locked into place. One of the girls,
Shelly, grabbed Sofie's hair and lifted her head. Her head was secured with the
straps so she could not move.

"Now Sofie, Be a good girl and drink every drop of this down. We don't want you
to get dehydrated," Mary Agnes said with a sadistic glee as she watched Henry
insert the head of his cock into her mouth.

Seconds later a warm stream of urine flowed into Sofie's mouth, causing her to
gag and sputter. She received a sharp slap across the back with a thin leather
whip as some of it escaped her mouth.

"You heard me Sofie. DRINK IT" she demanded.

Sofie felt as if she would throw up from the vile liquid but she did as she was
told, hoping it would lesson the punishment somehow. As she swallowed down the
last of it, she felt his cock starting to swell even more. He began to work it
in and out of her mouth slowly as he moaned lightly. It did not take long for
him to become fully aroused. Henry began to fuck her mouth faster.

The machine was clicked off and the two poles finally removed form her battered
openings. Henry withdrew from her mouth and walked behind her. She was
positioned at the perfect height for him to enter her. With a brutally hard
push, he had lodged himself in her ass. She let out a sharp cry as he began to
thrust deep inside her. He was like a lust-possessed animal. Mary Agnes pulled a
small wooden chair in front of Sofie and sat down. She stared into the girl's
eyes as she watched the painful expressions on her face.

"You are a sinner Sofie. You have to repent for your life of sin. Once you do
that, you can find salvation. You want to find salvation don't you?" she asked.

"Yes" she groaned. "I want to be saved."

"Part of finding your salvation is to learn humility girl. It is a slow and
painful process but you must do it if you want to be saved." Mary Agnes spoke
again. "You are just beginning your journey to righteousness."

The other girl, Cadence, knelt beside the table as Shelly retrieved something
from the table in the distance. The first of the two surgical clamps was applied
to her distended nipple. Pain shot through the poor girl as it was locked into
place. Then the other nipple was also attacked. To the handle of each clamp, a
small weight was hooked. Her nipples stretched further as the weights dangled,
swinging with each jolt from Henry.

The painfulness of the saline injections still had not subsided after the first
two hours of torture. Its affects had lessened slightly but still racked her
body with pain. Henry deposited his thick load into her bowels and she was
instructed to lick him clean. Mary Agnes's words stuck in her head as she sucked
him clean. Salvation was the only way out of this torture. To be saved she must
be obedient. Deep in her heart, Sofie knew all of this was wrong but there was
nothing she could do. She was in their possession now and there was no escaping
it.

Once they had finished with the session Shelly was instructed to give the girl a
shower and another enema until the liquid flowed clear. The others left her to
her work. She was to leave the liquid in for 45 minutes each time after it had
emptied into Sofie. So much liquid was used this time that Sofie got sick. The
girl took turns slapping her, and smearing the vomit on her face and in her hair
before she cleaned it up. She was let free of the wrist restraints and allowed
to expel what was left before starting again. Once she had finished she was
returned to the previous position. This time while the liquid was sloshing into
Sofie's bloated belly once again, Shelly decided to have a little fun.

She walked behind the prone girl and gave her right cheek a hard slap. Her
fingertips then glided downward along the crease between her thigh and her
pussy. Sofie moaned despondently. The anger that bubbled inside Shelly began to
surface as she dug her nails deep into the tender flesh, causing it to bleed.
The bound victim spasmed from the pain. Her fingers then traced toward the
swollen lips of her tormented cunt.  Sofie was terrified at what wicked actions
this girl would take.

Without any hesitation, Shelly forced three of her slender fingers into the
girl's fuck hole. She began to stab them in harder and faster before forcing in
the fourth. Sofie pulled with what little strength she had left, against the
restraints. She could not escape Shelly's deeply probing fingers. The liquid in
her stomach churned as it was held in place.

Shelly then began to spread her fingers. Her nails digging into the swollen
lining of the girl's cunt. Her fingers, stained with the blood, pushed in harder
as she brutally forced the last one in. Sofie screamed as the fingers inside her
twisted slowly. The pain was so intense when the final finger entered.

Shelly thrust in brutally hard several times before withdrawing and balling her
fist. She then forced it inside the girl's swollen, abused cunt. She began to
punch as deep as she could into Sofie. The girl's cries were ignored as each
thrust landed deep inside her. The screams got more intense as the hand inside
her started to twist with each withdrawal. Finally deciding she had enough she
pulled her hand completely out. She walked around to the front of the table and
looked coldly into Sofie's eyes.

With her clean hand she grabbed the girl's hair, giving it a hard yank. Sofie
let out a loud cry, giving Shelly the perfect shot. She quickly inserted three
fingers into the open orifice.

"Now suck them clean or I will make sure the next time I do that I take both
holes at once," she commanded.

Sofie gagged as she sucked the bloody vaginal secretions from the fingers in her
mouth. Once she had done a satisfactory job and the time was up, she was
released and allowed to expel the liquids that filled her bloated stomach before
the final enema was given. She was then given a frigid shower and scrubbed raw
with the lye soap. After she was dried off, Sofie was returned to the table.
Shelly left to inform Mary Agnes that the job had been finished, leaving the
girl alone and frightened once again.




Heretics

part 3

After yet another grueling session with Mary Agnes and her vicious henchmen, a
new man entered the chamber. He had to be nearly 60. He took his time inspecting
every inch of her body before turning to Mary Agnes. The two whispered for a
brief moment. She nodded to Kadence who then brought him a large silver tray
with many gleaming instruments on it. The old man picked up a set of clamps.
With an evilly joyful gleam in his eyes, he reached down with his gloved fingers
and grabbed her nipple, giving it a sharp twist.  Sofie winced in pain as he
pulled her nipple so hard it felt as if it would rip right off her breast.

Once her nipple was distended and throbbing, he attached the special clamp to
it. The hideous click of the locking mechanism on them made her stomach turn.
The thick leather straps that bound her to the table stretched taut against her
skin as she squirmed. He then grabbed a 14-gauge needle and aligned it with the
desired entrance. He pushed it in very slowly as he watched her grimace. OOnce
it was through the ring was quickly slid into place and secured. Her other
nipple endured the same treatment before the elderly man moved down the table to
watch the rest of the preparations.

Kadence had a large water basin, and several other items required for proper
shaving set out on the small table next to Sofie. He picked up the straight
razor and ran his thumb along the blade, testing its edge. He then began to drag
the blade across her skin slowly. The soft rasp of the blade as it sliced
through the hair filled her with dread. She felt even more vulnerable than ever
before. She closed her eyes as her tears silently fell. Sofie had been taught
that respectable women did not shave down there.

Carefully, the blade made its way over her flesh, removing all traces of pubic
hair. He then fished the rough cloth from the basin and wiped down her bare
flesh. The frigid water made her shiver as it stung the warm flesh. He repeated
this a few times to make sure he had cleaned away all the debris and thin trails
of blood from the nicks he purposely left on her.

He then took a clean washcloth, soaking it in a smaller bowl. He wrung it out
slightly and began to roughly rub the area again. Her body tensed immediately as
the liquid stung her tender flesh. The scent of rubbing alcohol wafted up,
filling her lungs as she drew in a breath through clenched teeth. He began to
scrub harder with the cloth, making sure to drench each open cut. She writhed in
pain as he finished. He moved aside as the implements were cleared away.

Next Shelley appeared with a large brown glass bottle and several cotton balls.
She doused each ball in the liquid from the bottle before she began to swab them
over her clit. Sofie's eyes grew wide as she realized what was about to happen.
As she began to whimper and sob Mary Agnes approached the table and gave her a
swift slap across the face.

"What have I told you girl? You will have to prove yourself worthy in the eyes
of the lord once again. You will endure whatever He has commanded us to do to
help lead you back to His good graces" she calmly spoke.

The man then attacked her clit in the same manner that he had her nipples. She
screamed in agony as the clamp bit down on her tender little nub, only to result
in another inhumane slap across the face. The cold steel needle slid through the
hole very slowly as the piercing was made. Then both of her puffy pink lips were
pierced. They cruelly laughed as each one was given several piercing but only
three on each lip were fitted with jewelry.

Time passed even more slowly for Sofie after that. The treatment had become less
cruel due to the piercing, and she spent most of her time alone and frightened.
Occasionally Celia would make an appearance, offering her little comfort. She
was slowly learning to trust Celia. She learned of how she became a captive
there as well and what usually would become of girls like her. The story of how
they treated Celia tore her up inside. She never imagined that anyone could be
that cruel, especially Christians.

Finally the day came. It was going to be Sofie's big night. Instead of just
suffering the humiliation of being abused in front of only a few people, the
elite members of the congregation were going to have their chance to witness and
participate in the breaking of her spirit.  Sofie was scrubbed immaculately
clean and placed in heavy shackles. She flinched as the thick, cold, steel
collar closed around her neck. A heavy chain was attached to the small circle in
the front before she was blindfolded.  Mary Agnes and Kadence made sure that all
the preparations were taken care of while Shelley had been left in charge of
bringing the girl up to the large cage in the center of the special sanctuary.

The room was silent with the exception of a few stray whispers between the
women. Occasionally, the sound of a heavy object being moved would filter
through as well. Sofie was lead over to the back wall. The shackles she wore
were taken off one at a time as she was then secured into a new set that held
her body against the wall of the cage, arms extended above her head and legs
spread painfully wide. That was where she would remain until it was time for her
to be presented to the group.

Sofie could hear the people entering the sanctuary. The soft murmur of voices
terrified her. She could not tell how many people were there but she knew that
it was not a good sign. Suddenly, the voices all stopped as the door banged
shut. 

"Greetings everyone. It is nice to see how many of you made it this evening,"
Isaac announced as he approached the pulpit. "I see that the girl has been
displayed. Very nice work Mary Agnes. Now...Kadence remove her blindfold and let
her get a good look around before we begin the ceremony."

Sofie quaked with fear as the blindfold was removed and she caught her first
glimpse of the chamber. The room resembled the dungeon she had been kept in, in
many ways. There was a large altar and several rows of pews with thick padding
covered in a supple leather. The altar appeared normal to the untrained eye but
was in reality multipositional to serve several functions. She could see that
the pews were filled with beguiled naked onlookers. They took a sick joy in
seeing the fear in her face as she looked around. She then looked to Isaac.

Isaac was a frightening man. He had a presence that could not be denied. He was
not extraordinary in any physically obvious way. The black clothing he wore made
it hard to truly judge his frame because of their somewhat loose fit. His eyes
caught hers. His eyes were dark, foreboding and cold. She could see the evil
desires that lurked inside him as they danced in his eyes.

He slowly approached the girl. He opened the cage and stepped inside. An evil
grin curled on his lips as he saw her tremble with fear. Her voice stuck in her
throat, leaving her unable to utter even a single syllable. Nothing had ever
frightened her so much in her entire life. She felt as if she was staring into
the eyes of Lucifer. His hands were soft but very cold as he touched her. The
tips of his fingers traced along her tearstained cheek.

"Ah, this shall be more fun than I expected" he growled quietly.

He stepped out of the cage and looked to Shelley, who without a word quickly
moved to release the girl. She had seen this ceremony a few times and knew
exactly what was to come. The victim was lead out of the cage, as two large men
from the congregation approached. One of them grabbed her under her arms. The
other grasped her ankles. Sofie was then carried to the altar at the front of
the group. Her body was laid out and secured by several thick leather straps
that crisscrossed over her wrists, ankles and one that crossed over her torso.

She nervously looked around, hoping someone would stop this insanity and whisk
her away to safety. Unfortunately, this was not in the cards for her. Each of
the men was going to take their time, taking great pleasure in her humiliation.
Her body trembled as the first man approached. He ran his hand slowly along her
inner thigh as he stood beside the altar. Isaac moved aside, sitting down in his
authoritative looking chair off to the right.

The man smiled coldly at her as he stroked his growing cock. Kadence watched
Isaac who nodded to her. She scampered over quickly to the controls and hit the
switch. A large portion of the lower end of the altar dropped down creating a
platform that was to be used as a secure kneeling place. The man knelt down on
it, positioning himself between her legs. He stared at her creamy white thighs
for a moment before he lowered his head. He gave the inside of her right thigh a
brutally hard bite.

She wailed loudly. He lifted his head and gazed down at her as he shuffled
forward slightly. His extremely thick cock was obscenely hard. He guided the
bulbous red tip toward her dry pussy. He leaned forward, biting her once again.
This time it was her left breast that bore the brunt of his desire. The pain
caused her to cry out, also triggering another unfortunate response. The fear
that gripped her soul had caused her bladder to react. The golden trickle of
urine dripped down the ledge under her to where he knelt.

"What the..." he yelled.

Isaac rushed over to the altar to see what the matter was. His eyes burned with
a bitter rage as he seen what this insignificant little thief had done. A snarl
curled upon his lip as he looked at her. He snatched a handful of her hair and
yanked it forcefully.

"For this you will pay dearly Sofie," he growled.

Mary Agnes hung her head quietly in prayer for a moment before leaving the room.
She returned with a large muscular man wearing a black leather hood and a thick
steel collar with a length of chain attached to it. His body was covered with
scars, tattoos and shiny metal appendages. The entire congregation murmured
amongst themselves as they watched the horror play out before them. A large set
of metal hooks then descended from the ceiling as the sound of the clanging
chains filled the room. The women hurried to remove the leather bindings from
Sofie's quaking body. A large stool was carried out and sat down in front of the
hooks. Hastily she was ushered to the stool and forced to stand upon it. Mary
Agnes led Maxwell behind the stool and removed the hood to reveal his hideous
face. She nodded to him slightly and stepped back.

The hooks were then held in place with two large clamps on the end of long
handles as Kadence brought out a small blowtorch. She handed it to Isaac who
began to heat the hooks. Maxwell stepped closer to Sofie. His large, very rough
hands quickly pawed at her flesh as he tried to get a firm grip on her waist.
Fear seized her as she was lifted up. She could feel the tips of the sharp hooks
brushing against her shoulders.  With a sudden jerk of her body, she felt the
hot metal penetrate her flesh, quickly cauterizing the wounds to keep her from
bleeding. Her screams rang out through the sanctuary as she panicked.

The two girls who had been so helpful in assisting Mary Agnes quickly scurried
around to gather the proper items to cleanse the altar. Mary Agnes busied
herself with selecting the proper tool for the job. She selected a large riding
crop. She swung it once, listening to the sharp swish as a smile crossed her
face. She then presented the treasure to Maxwell. He quickly grabbed the crop
and began to wield it. Sofie flinched each time she heard it cut through the air
second before striking her skin. Thin red welts covered her body as she
pendulously dangled from the hooks imbedded in her back. He continued to mar her
flesh with the crop until thin lines of blood flowed down her body.

Finally the cleansing was done. Maxwell acted like a child that had its favorite
toy taken away as he was forced to lift Sofie off the hooks. He laid her
battered body down on the altar and was lead away once again by Mary Agnes. Once
again, the man was given the go ahead to partake of the sinner's flesh. He
wasted no time in jamming his cock deep inside her. It was a tight, very dry
fit. His thrusts were animalistic, jolting her body slightly even with the
restraints. She cried as he ripped her apart. He did not care nor would the rest
of them. It was not about her pleasure. It was about her salvation. He continued
to slam his engorged shaft deep inside her as hard as he could until the moment
came that he had to pull out. He shot the thick load of cum onto her tattered
skin, letting it mingle with the blood that seeped from the wound.

One at a time, the men continued to use and abuse her body. Her delicate pink
lips had become irritated and swollen after only seven of the men had taken
their turn, making entry a little difficult. Isaac quickly remedied this. He
took two small lengths of chain with hooks on each end. He then laced a bit of
the chain through the center ring on each lip, circling it around each thigh to
pull her lips painfully wide apart. He then took a longer Y shaped chain and
clipped the ends to her nipple rings and one to her clit. The length of the
chain was cut especially for the purpose of pulling the rings closer together to
cause great discomfort for the wearer.

Each time her body was jostled by the incessant ramming of another cock into her
abused pussy, the chains would yank hard on her tender buds. There was no way
any woman could get aroused by this treatment. Her body was soon coated with a
thick sticky coating of semen. Her hair was matted to the altar now. Even her
eyes were sealed shut with milky substance. It was finally time for Isaac's
turn.

Kadence walked over to the altar carrying a tray with a medium sized bronzed
bowl, a douching bottle filled with a clear solution, and a thick white towel.
She proceeded to set the bowl down on the kneeling spot as she cleansed Sofie's
well-used entrance. The solution stung as it filled her aching folds and sloshed
back out slowly. She was then blotted dry before Kadence scurried away to
dispose of the supplies.

Shelley began to undress Isaac in preparation for his gift to Sofie. Terror
filled her as he moved between her parted thighs. She felt the monstrously large
tip of his cock at her opening. She tried to brace herself as best she could but
it would not help. In an instant he buried himself completely inside her. He
began to fuck her more brutally than she had ever been taken before. The thick
leather straps dug into her flesh as he continued to force himself inside her
harder and faster with no sign of stopping. The attack lasted what felt to her
like hours. She felt a warm trickle of liquid seeping from her as he continued
to abuse her velvety folds. Little did she know it was her own blood leaking
from her.

Suddenly a deep growl filled the room. Isaac threw his head back as he hammered
her with such power the leather that held her cut into her skin. His seed rushed
into her womb as he pumped what seemed like an endless load into her. She wanted
to die. Death would be the only thing that could ever take this night of horrors
away from her now. With a triumphant laugh, he pulled his deflated cock from her
and stood once again, receiving praise from the congregation. They were all lead
into another part of the church for refreshments and discussion time of what was
to become of Sofie and the child she would soon be carrying.

Maxwell was then given his reward for his efforts that night. As Kadence and
Shelley busied themselves with cleaning up after the ceremony, Mary Agnes lead
him to the altar. The straps were removed from the cum frosted girl as she was
flipped onto her stomach. The kneeling platform dropped down flush with the
floor as Maxwell stepped between Sofie's legs. She lay limply on the table, too
weak to struggle now. His huge erection jutted out, awaiting entrance. Mary
Agnes helped guide the tip to Sofie's little puckered ass.

With a forceful thrust and no remorse for the pain it caused, he hilted himself
in the warm dark hole. The tight ring of muscle ripped as he forced in without
any lubrication whatsoever. He began to pump hard and fast into the girl as she
softly sobbed. Mary Agnes stepped back and watched with a sadistic smile as her
precious beast mated with the unworthy whore. It did not take Maxwell long to
climax, his frenzied pace finally stopping. Mary Agnes led him back to his cell
leaving the girls to take care of the cum-crusted thief.




Heretics

part 4

Kadence led Sofie down a winding corridor to a new room. It was dimly lit,
leaving only a small portion of the dismal abode visible upon entry. A short
pudgy man greeted them both with a cold smile as they entered. Sofie recognized
him from the festivities in the sanctuary earlier that evening. He took charge
of the girl, leading her to the corner where a small stool awaited. She was then
tethered by a heavy steel shackle and chain secured around her left ankle.

Once she was locked away, he escorted Kadence into the darkness. In the
distance, the sound of a door closing echoed through the room. Sofie was once
again alone with only her thoughts to console her, but they were of little
comfort. Her mind kept drifting back to thoughts of her family. Her heart ached
as she thought of how badly she missed them.

Out of the void crept Celia. She sought to comfort Sofie, knowing what the poor
girl had been through. This time the sight of Celia did sooth her nerves a bit.
Her stomach ached from lack of real food. It was a pain she was growing to know
even better now.

"Don't worry Sofie, he will be gone for a while," Celia softly spoke as she
pulled a small bundled scrap of material from under the tattered smock she wore.
She offered the starving girl another small hunk of cake, which Sofie greedily
gobbled up in seconds. She continued to watch Celia carefully as she licked the
crumbs from her fingers. Despite the kindness this stranger had shown her, Sofie
was still very apprehensive of her.

"It looks like they really are working fast with you. It took them a couple of
months to initiate me," Celia said as she reached out, touching Sofie's cheek.

"Initiate?" she asked as she shrank away from the touch.

"That's what they call it. From the looks of it they are going to make you a
breeder," Celia explained as she looked over Sofie's disheveled body. "It's the
best one in your situation can hope for here."

"What do you mean breeder?" she inquired.

"The breeders are girls they keep here to give birth to healthy children for the
unfortunate members of the congregation who can not have ones of their own. They
use the breeders like animals, but it is still better than they treat the
others," Celia paused and hung her head. "But once they are through with you...
well."

The sound of a door slamming shut resounded through the room, causing them both
to fall into a paniced silence. Heavy footsteps fell in the hall, getting closer
by the second. Celia tried to scamper back to the way she had snuck in but it
was too late, Chester had returned from his rendezvous with Kadence. An evil
smile crossed his lips as he snatched the girl by her throat.

"Ah Celia. I thought you were supposed to be chained in the bathroom as usual.
I'm sure Mary Agnes won't be happy to hear you have escaped yet again," he said
as his fingers squeezed tighter around her neck. "Looks like it's back to the
pit for you girl and you know what that means."

Sofie's face froze in sheer terror. He dropped the choking girl, letting her
land at his feet with a loud thud as she coughed and sputtered. He chuckled as
she clamored to her knees.

"Please, I beg of you, don't tell Mary Agnes. I swear upon my life that I will
do anything you want. I will not resist. Please, I can't go back to the pit" she
pleaded.

"Oh my poor deluded slut, you WILL do whatever I want anyway, or you and your
little friend here will suffer even more"

His fingers became entangled in her hair as he pulled her face closer to his
crotch. She limply complied. He did not say a word as she unzipped his pants.
She knew she must obey or it was back to that unbearable hole. Her lips closed
around his limp cock. She could taste the remnants of cum from his little
encounter just moments before he caught them. The bile rose in her throat as she
began to suck the vile muscle. He groaned as it began to swell in her mouth, his
slitted eyes had now moved to Celia.

"Whore, get over here NOW," he demanded.

Sofie knew if she hesitated even a second, she would be tortured even worse than
whatever wicked plan he had already devised. The cruel pleasure Chester took in
his position was evident in the way he was working Celia's head back and forth,
making her gag on his disgusting cock. His free hand moved, pointing at the rear
of his victim.

"Eat her pussy," he growled.

Sofie was floored by the command. Never before had she done something so wrong.
The anger rose in Chester's face as he watched her dumbfounded expression. He
flung Celia to the floor as he moved toward Sofie, grabbing her by the hair and
forcing her onto her back. He glared at the discarded girl.

"Straddle her face. Either she will learn to obey or she will smother. I do not
care which at this point," he bluntly stated as he watched Celia move, his cock
entered her mouth once again as she lowered her hips, her tender pink flesh
resting gently against Sofie's mouth and nose. "I told you to eat her damn
pussy... now do it before I have to get mean and you better make her cum."

The scent of womanly sex made Sofie's stomach churn. A sharp pain shot through
her as she felt the toe of his boot connect with the soft flesh between her neck
and shoulder. Timidly her tongue began to peek out between her lips as she tried
to obey. With her eyes clenched shut, she pushed her tongue a little farther
out, parting the little pink flaps and slipping inside Celia's juicy cunt.
Chester saw shivers running through the slut as he fucked her mouth harder.

A jumbled moan worked free as Chester continued to stuff his rigid tool down
Celia's throat. Her hips were rocking as Sofie tried to make the ordeal pass as
quickly as possible. With that tongue darting in and out of her, Celia was
pushed closer and closer to succumbing to the impending orgasm. Her body tensed
as she squirmed, causing the trapped girl's nose to press against Celia's
throbbing clit.

He yanked his cock from the warm, wet confines of her throat as he tightly
gripped it. A loud scream of pleasure rang through the room as she convulsed. He
pulled her roughly off Sofie's face as he aimed his cock toward it, stroking it
furiously. The torrents of thick white cum splattered all across her glazed
mouth, dribbling down her cheek. Chester laughed cruelly, as he milked the last
drops from his quickly deflating cock. He watched Sofie's mortified look, as she
lay there, unable to do anything but cry.

Suddenly a stream of golden piss began to coat Sofie's skin, washing away some
of the mess before his aim traveled down to her tits. Celia sat there watching
as the poor girl was bathed in the acrid urine. She could see the tiny bit of
hope inside the girl quickly shattering she was covered in the waste. Chester
coldly glared at Celia for a moment. He knew that though she had been punished
many times by being forced to be a toilet slave, that the taste still sickened
her. He enjoyed watching her wretch as she tried to keep from vomiting when she
was forced to clean it up.

"Clean that up Celia," he said, watching her start to stand up. "With your
tongue girl. You know better than that."

Celia stared at him for a moment, the bitter hatred clear in her gaze. She
crawled over to Sofie and began to run her tongue softly over her skin, starting
at her cheek. Slowly, she licked up every visible spot that the cum and urine
had coated on her face. Sofie continued to sob softly as she was given the
torturous tongue bath. She shuddered as she felt Celia's tongue pass over the
soft curve of her neck and down the center of her chest. Under any other
circumstance, the gentle lapping would have greatly turned her on. Every caress
of the girl's tongue on her flesh caused goose bumps to rise.

Chester had put his cock back in his pants and stood watching with a
disinterested look upon his face. His eyes followed her tongue as it circled the
candy pink center of Sofie's firm breasts, noticing the slight jiggle to them as
her breath caught in her throat. Despite how hard she tried to fight it, her
body was reacting to the delicate touch of another woman. Inside, Sofie knew she
had sunk to a new low as the feeling spread through her. She despised herself so
much for it, that she could not stop herself. Her body jerked, knocking Celia
off her as she sat up, vomiting on the floor. Chester laughed and shook his head
as he watched Sofie's panic set in.

"You stupid girl. Now you have to clean that up. Get to it," he amusingly
answered.

Sofie could not move, she knew he could not mean what she thought he meant. He
crouched down, wrapping what hair of hers he could around his hand and forcing
her face into the pile of vomit. The smell of it nearly made her throw up again,
but she fought it back with all she could. The nasty liquid smeared across her
face as he held her head down forcefully.

"You heard me, now start licking. I don't have all day," he commanded before
looking to Celia. "Give me the steel bead flogger."

Celia reluctantly rose to her feet, retrieved the metal flogger, and offered it
to him. She knew that the pain it inflicted was much worse than the tools they
had already used on Sofie. He drew back his hand and let the strands attack her
flesh. Her screams resounded through the room as she squirmed. Thin red welts
quickly formed across her back as the small beads bit into her flesh. Celia
could not watch another moment as Chester cruelly beat the girl.

"Please stop. I will do it. If you must beat someone... beat me instead," Celia
pleaded.

"Why would you want to do that Celia? Hmmmm?" he inquired. "Why would you want
to save this wretched little piece of trash?"

"Please, I can't watch you do this to her. Punish me instead," she begged.

"Fine. Lick up that mess," he answered.

Celia quickly obeyed as he dragged Sofie out of her way. Sofie was completely
shocked that the girl who barely knew her would do something so disgusting just
to save her. It made no sense to her at all. Celia lapped up the foamy mixture
of cum and soggy bits of cake as quickly as she could. Chester laughed as he
watched her clean every speck of it from the cold stone floor. When she finished
she looked pitifully up at the man, hoping that no further punishment would be
inflicted on either of them.

"Now Sofie, give your friend here a nice big kiss to thank her for sparing you,"
he said.

Sofie was reluctant but Celia knew if they did not kiss, he would grow angry and
more pain would be distributed. She moved in closer, mashing her lips to Sofie's
as she forced her tongue inside the resistant girl's mouth. This was met with an
approving nod from him. Reaching in his pocket, he fished out the key to unlock
the shackle from Sofie, releasing her from the tether.  He started toward the
door to the musty little cell, stopping to turn and look at the girls for a
moment.

"When I return I expect her to be spotlessly clean Celia. I will check EVERY
orifice," he stated before slipping into the hall and locking the door behind
him.

Celia let out a sigh of relief as they both settled down for a moment. She rose
to her feet once again, feeling along the wall for the light switch and flicking
on the lights. The brightness hurt their eyes as they squinted, trying to adjust
to it. Her hand extended, reaching for Sofie's as she helped her to her feet.
She led her toward the table in the corner of the room.  Sofie' finally broke
the silence.

"Why did you do that?" she inquired.

"I knew what they would do to you next if you didn't obey. I had to protect you
from that," Celia softly answered in a soothing tone.

"Why would you do that? You don't even know me," she replied.

"I was in your position once. I know how terrifying it is. I couldn't bear to
watch you go through it," Celia said.

"Is there any way to get out of here? I need to see my family, to let them know
I am ok," she asked.

Celia shook her head. She paused for a long moment, not wanting to completely
destroy any hope Sofie had left. Finally, she decided to just let her know the
truth of the matter. She busied herself, preparing the enema Sofie was to be
given. She helped her up onto the table, trying to find a way to comfort her.

"There is little hope of that. By now, they have probably informed your family
that you are dead. The church has no intention of ever letting you go Sofie,
unless they will greatly profit from your release. They have probably told your
family that you were in a horrible accident and offered them comfort. The church
covers up every disappearance. No one will come looking for you again now," she
hesitantly stated as she watched Sofie's heart breaking. "No one has ever
escaped them. If you obey and do as they wish, eventually you will get
privileges and treated slightly better, but that is nearly impossible to
accomplish."

Sofie broke into a heart wrenching sob as the words sunk deeper in. She realized
that now there truly was no hope of ever escaping this nightmare. The girl did
not even resist the dreadful invasion of the nozzle into her anus. The news was
truly breaking her. The warm water flooded into her quickly, causing massive
cramps to ripple through her. Sofie assisted her to the toilet and back to the
table when she finished expelling the waste. After several cycles, it was done,
allowing the girls to move on to a more pleasant part of the process.

The large tub in the corner filled with warm soapy water, invitingly waiting for
Sofie. This was the first time she was allowed to relax in the slightest but it
was of little comfort to her. Sofie cupped her hands under the running water and
drank down several gulps of the liquid to wash away the bitterness in her mouth.
She sank into the tub, the warm water stinging her ripped skin. Celia caringly
tended to washing her, her touch was so light compared to anything else she had
felt while she had been held captive. Her hand caressed Sofie's abused body
softly as she cleansed her, making sure every inch of her was immaculately
clean. As her fingers dipped down and brushed against Sofie's clit, she noticed
the girl gasp slightly. She circled it with her fingertip, watching Sofie's face
change from desperate sadness to a slightly calmer mood. Her fingers continued
to attend to the swollen little button as she watched Sofie's disgust slip away.

The tenderness of Celia's touch seemed to dissolve her inhibition, despite the
fact that she knew it was wrong to feel that way about a member of the same sex.
She could not help herself though. The sensation was numbing her mind to
everything else that was going on, leaving her helpless to resist Celia's
advances. Nimble fingers quickly sought out her slit and pushed inside, as her
clit was continually stroked by Celia's thumb.

Sofie's gaze fell upon Celia's face, searching it for meaning, still confused
about the girl's motivation.  She could not understand any of this, why the girl
saved her, why her body was reacting so vigorously to her touch, or why she was
feeling so close to Celia all of a sudden.

Sofie's eyes fluttered nearly shut as she felt herself slipping deeper. She bit
down hard on her lower lip as the fingers that teased her delicate flesh
continued to work their magic. It was quickly coming before she could bear, her
hips began to rock mindlessly as her muscles relaxed, her entire body reacting
to the womanly touch.

Celia watched the water ripple as Sofie's body began to tremble. The skillful
way the fingers delved in and out of the velvety folds, and manipulated that
throbbing little button forced Sofie to succumb to the pleasure. Her voice
quivered as she let out a soft moan, another quickly following. It did not take
long for the girl to break into a string of what felt like endless orgasms, her
fingers gripping the edges of the tub as a little water splashed out.

As the climax subsided, Celia pulled her fingers slowly from the limp girl's
body. A soft smile graced her lips as she washed Sofie's hair, rinsing it
carefully. She was very comforting as she helped Sofie out of the tub and dried
her wet skin before leading her back to the stool and securing the tether around
her ankle once again. This time, when she stroked Sofie's cheek, she did not
resist, instead she smiled.




Heretics

part 5

Sofie was becoming more accustomed to the wretched life of a breeder. Days and
nights mingled into one hellish blur as the visits started to come around the
clock. The constant barrage of semen was to get Sofie pregnant quickly, still
the results were dismal, but now instead of intense beatings and violations of
her body, she had only to deal with the anal rape by Chester and a select few of
the other clergy, the dreadfully icy enemas, and Isaac. Often, Celia would sneak
in to see her. It became the highlight of her days when she would see the girl
creep out of the darkness to visit.

When Kadence arrived that morning to prepare her for Isaac, Sofie was filled
with a foreboding feeling that she could not explain. It was no different from
the past few days had been. Her body was always to be cleansed inside and out,
shaved, and dried before she was to be lead to the breeding room. This time she
was taken to a different room. Instead of being bound on her back with her legs
fastened to shackles to hold them well above her chest, she was brought to a
custom-built wooden frame with padded kneeling cushion. Her arms were strapped
on to large planks, holding them out from her body. Her stomach rested upon a
small wooden shelf that jutted out from the frame, leaving her breasts hanging
freely. Each ankle was wrapped in a leather cuff secured to multipositional
movable wooden planks.  The final humiliation came when her head was locked into
place with a large leather dog collar and a chain clipped onto the large ring
that hung from the collar.

Into her mouth was put a large metal O-ring gag, forcing the orifice to remain
ready for use. Sofie listened as the sound of each footstep echoed from
different areas of the rooms as Kadence gathered the implements for today's
session. The cold clink of metal on metal sent chills through Sofie. She had
absolutely no idea what was in store for her today but she was sure it would be
no less demeaning than what she had been through already. Each day her prayers
grew weaker, hoping her God would hear her pleas and grant her death or freedom
from this insanity in his name.

The clicking of heels on the stone floor alerted her to a new presence. It was
the familiar footfalls of MaryAgnes. Sofie flinched as she felt the woman's
small hand skim over her spine. The cold slender fingers traced up to her thick
mane of hair, tangling a large handful of it in her grasp as she pulled hard.
Sofie whimpered loudly through the open ring as her face contorted in pain.

"It is apparent that you have not been completely atoning for your sins, Sofie.
The only road to forgiveness is that of the righteous. The more you suffer, my
dear girl, the more you atone. Today, you will suffer greatly, and hopefully the
Lord will grant you a child soon." she said superiorly.

The words cut through Sofie's optimism like a knife. Her muscles relaxed
slightly as MaryAgnes's grip loosened, letting the tresses fall against her
shoulders again. The tray rattled as it was set down on the cart next to the
frame. The sound of it was very unsettling for the bound woman; she knew that
nothing good would come from it.

Sofie tensed as she felt the metal tip against her flesh. Methodically it was
inserted into her dry rectum. Her face scrunched up in agony as the specially
designed speculum pushed deeper inside her. The bill forced in completely before
the sickening clicks began to fill Sofie's consciousness. With each metallic
click, the bill spread her wider painfully. She knew better than to protest, it
would only bring her even more excruciating pain.

Her tender hole was wrenched open by the device, leaving her completely
vulnerable. Much to her surprise, after spreading her widely, MaryAgnes left the
speculum inserted but did not do anything else for what seemed like an eternity.
Slowly, the pain became tolerable. She could hear noises all around her but
dared not look. Meanwhile, Kadence had left, preparing a new torture for the
poor girl in another room.

MaryAgnes slid a long piece of thick plastic tubing into the opening, and then
began to slide the speculum out of Sofie's rectum. The bill was spread wide
enough to slip over the object and be removed.  She picked up a small silver
cartridge from the tray, placing into the open section of tube before twisting
the top on securely. The tube was then pushed further into Sofie, making sure it
was embedded deep inside her.

The top of the device was turned again, causing it to release the cartridges
contents. As the nitrous made contact, her body convulsed as Sofie shrieked
around her gag as the icy gases forced into her. The icy burning sensation
brought the girl immediately to tears. The tube was then pulled out slightly,
and the procedure was repeated until the tip of the tube was just inside her.
The pain lingered, worsening with each movement.

The device was finally removed and placed on the tray to be cleansed. Sofie
tried her hardest not to move at all, every slight gyration sent pain shooting
through her. Her body tensed as she felt the sting of a paddle striking her
cheeks. She let out a soft yelp around the O-ring. Several swats landed in quick
succession. Each one jarring her and inflicting intense pain.

MaryAgnes's lips curled in a thin smile as she watched Sofie's flesh reddening
with each blow. She knew that this treatment would only make what was to come
more agonizing for the girl and delight the congregation at the service that
evening. There was a flurry of several more blows before MaryAgnes laid the
paddle down. Kadence entered the silent room once again.

"It is ready for her Ma'am." she said quietly to MaryAgnes.

"Ah very good. I have a few more things to do here before she is to be brought
in," she replied.

"Yes Ma'am," she answered and disappeared once again.

MaryAgnes dragged her nails slowly along Sofie's spine as she walked toward the
prone girl's head. Her fingers trailed along Sofie's cheek, resting under her
chin as the woman forced her to lift her head. MaryAgnes searched her victim's
face, looking at her for a long moment.

"Through pain, you will find God's grace my little lamb," she whispered. "Are
you ready to show me how much you will endure for God's saving grace Sofie? Are
you ready to make God your savior?

Sofie nodded frantically, in hopes that some how she could prevent any further
punishment that day. MaryAgnes's lips curled in a thin smile as she stroked
Sofie's cheek.

"Good. Then we shall continue," she added.

MaryAgnes picked up a device off the metal tray. It was an oval shaped clear
plastic cup with a piece of black rubber hose extending from its center with a
ball pump capping it off. On one of the slender ends of the cup was a thin black
probe extend. She placed the ball pump in Sofie's hand before disappearing
behind her with the device. She placed the tip of the plastic phallus to her
abused anal opening.

Once the tip was imbedded, MaryAgnes placed her palm against the bottom of the
plastic cock, with her fingers of the other hand held it steady. She drew back,
bringing her palm crashing down hard against the toy and burying it deep in the
girl's ass. Sofie could not hold back the shriek that ripped free from her soul.
The pain was so intense she felt as if she would pass out.

MaryAgnes then adjusted the cup so it sat snuggly over Sofie's pussy and clit.
Sofie's tear-filled eyes caught sight of the evil woman as she walked back in
front of her.

"Ok Sofie. It is now time for you to prove that you are worthy of salvation. I
want you to squeeze that ball in your hand until the pain is so unbearable that
you cannot take anymore. If you do well, you will be rewarded. If you fail..."
her words trailed off for a moment. "If you fail you will find out just how
intense God's wrath can be. Now begin."

Sofie gently squeezed the ball. With each squeeze, she felt her tender pink
flesh being sucked hard into the cup, also forcing the black dildo in her ass to
swell rapidly inside her. Her lips and clit soon had swollen until they filled
the cup nearly to capacity. The pain was so intense that she finally had to
stop. The little delicate pink flaps and bud throbbed painfully with each beat
of her heart.

Noticing she was no longer pumping the ball, MaryAgnes moved behind the girl
once again to check the progress. She was pleased to find the moist tissue
mashed against the cups surface. She took the ball from the prone girl's hand,
giving it several more squeezes, each eliciting an excruciating whimper from
Sofie. Tears streamed nonstop from the girl.

Mary Agnes released her from the restraints, leading her by the collar and leash
to an area near the table. A small patch of the floor was framed by large wooden
beams and inside the square was what appeared at first glance to be white sand.
Mary Agnes jerked the chain, pointing her long bony finger at the boxed in spot.

"Kneel," she commanded.

Sofie quickly obeyed, kneeling in the center of the box. Sharp pain bit into her
as she knelt, realizing now that the white material was not at all that was
there. As she squirmed, trying to keep the fragments of jagged glass that
stabbed her flesh from embedding themselves in her skin, she noticed that it was
not sand that she knelt in, but salt. The bloody clumps of moist salt clung to
her legs as she teetered.

Mary Agnes first gripped Sofie's left nipple, giving it a twist as she pinched
it as hard as she could. The soft pink nub was now an angry red as it stood out
from her breast. A large needle was then taken from the tray and inserted
horizontally into the swollen bud. The procedure was then repeated with the
right nipple. A set of small alligator clamps were then attached to the needles'
protruding ends. Then she attached large silver weighted alligator clamps to
Sofie's nipples, giving each a vicious tug to assure they were properly
attached. A set of wires hung from the clips, on the end of each was a small
plug.

MaryAgnes smiled cruelly as the toe of her shoe forced itself between the girl's
thighs, prying them further part. The salt and glass mixture continued to
torture the torn flesh upon Sofie's legs. MaryAgnes squatted down in front of
her, holding the ball in her hand once again. She depressed a small button on
the bottom of it. The air hissed in as the seal caused by the suction was
released. She pulled the dildo/cup device from Sofie with a vicious yank. The
burning pain made the girl grimace as the rubber dildo was removed from her
abused ass.

The pain intensified as the tip of a small bony finger stabbed hard at the
swollen flesh. Sofie's eyes clenched shut as she drew in a sharp breath.
MaryAgnes picked up two new clamps from the tray. It was a flat metal crescent
shaped device. She reached down, pulling the puffy pink flap of skin away from
Sofie's cunt with her fingers while securing the clamp onto it. It squished the
flesh painfully in its jaws. Sofie yelped as the other clamp was applied in the
same way.

Sofie's clit was the next target to be attacked. This time instead of a regular
clamp, MaryAgnes selected a small pair of Pennington forceps. The tips spread as
MaryAgnes forced them against the base of Sofie's clit. She screamed as the
forceps closed around the swollen little nub. The flesh bulged through the small
opening in the forceps. A large needle was then pushed through the throbbing
bud. Sofie shrieked in pain as the tip of the thick needle pierced the flesh.
The familiar little clamps were added to the needle's ends as well.

MaryAgnes grabbed the leash and yanked Sofie to her feet, forcing her to stand.
She then selected a large egg shaped metal probe. Without hesitation, MaryAgnes
forced the smooth cool tip between the girl's stretched lips, pushing it in
slowly. As the tool widened, it forced her tortured lips further apart. She
cried out as the MaryAgnes let the probe rest there, stretching the opening of
Sofie's cunt, twisting it slowly. Finally, it was given a push deep inside the
girl, allowing the clamps to collide when MaryAgnes moved her fingers away.

MaryAgnes grabbed the leash again, leading Sofie out of the box and toward a
door in the far corner of the room. Sofie tensed up, as she was lead through the
door and into the private sanctuary.

Inside was a large wooden cross with thick fur lined leather cuffs dangling from
it. In front of the cross was a small platform with two levels to it. The top
level was visibly resting atop thick metal springs.  Through the center of the
platforms, a large steel rod topped with a smooth very thick metal probe
protruded. Across the platform laid a modified spreader bar that was
approximately 3 feet long. At its center was a hole, which the pole passed
through.

MaryAgnes handed the leash to Kadence, allowing her to lead Sofie to toward the
cross. She was forced up onto the platform's lower landing. MaryAgnes stood
behind the cross to adjust the pole. The motor whirred as she pressed the
button, making the pole sink down until the tip of the probe was just below
Sofie's curved cheeks. Kadence pushed her back, and then secured the padded
ankle cuffs around Sofie's ankles.

The upper platform was pressed down from the bar's pressure. The girl's wrists
were then locked into the dangling cuffs, securing her in place. The motor moved
once again, this time stopping when the tip of the probe was pressing against
Sofie's puckered anus. Kadence inspected it, making sure that the probe would
enter smoothly. She nodded to MaryAgnes and the button was pressed once again.
Sofie screamed in agony as the tip forced up into her anal cavity. The pain
brought her to the verge of fainting as she felt the thick metal probe force
into her, stretching her abused ass further. The pole continued to rise,
impaling her deeply.

In a vain attempt to escape the pain, she rose up, standing on her tiptoes. The
spring beneath the upper platform extended again as she tried to hover above it.
The motor stopped, leaving the girl in excruciating pain. Tears dripped off her
jaw and onto her heaving breast as she sobbed loudly. Her thin body shook as she
let out long, desperate cries. Kadence detached the leash from Sofie's collar.
MaryAgnes appeared in front of Sofie once again, taking each of the wires that
hang from the naked girl's devices and plugs them into various holes on the body
of the cross.

"Tonight you are going to find out that strength is very important. It will not
free you from the restraints you are in... You may test them if you like my
child, but they will not give.  You see, the strength it will take for you to
remain on your toes, is what will make the difference in how much pain you face
tonight. Every time the bar between your legs forces the platform down, you will
feel a current rush through one of the various clamps on your body. The location
and number of shocks varies randomly so you will never know where it will
strike. Believe me, it will get painful," MaryAgnes stated coldly as she plugged
in the last device. "Do not disappoint me girl."

"Oh please no," she faintly begged the cruel woman.

Without another word, both women left Sofie upon the cross. MaryAgnes was handed
a gag by one of her helpers. A long black tube traveled through both sides of
the gag, the shorter end forced into Sofie's mouth. It was fastened quickly,
leaving her to gag as the tip of the tube touched the back of her throat.
MaryAgnes then slipped a black cotton hood over the girl's head, leaving her
clueless of what was happening around her. The room was emptied and she was now
alone with nothing more but her fears to keep her company. The room remained
silent for what seemed to be an eternity.

Finally, Sofie could hear people filing into the room and hushed whispers
amongst them. She could not make out what was being said but knew now she was
not alone any longer. She felt someone grab the cotton hood, getting a handful
of her hair in the process. It was given a brutal yank as the bag was pulled off
her head. She squinted as her eyes adjusted to the light once again. Before her
sat a large gathering of completely naked man facing to the left of her. A
television monitor covered the expansive wall in front of them.

"Tonight my brethren, you will get to see just what our sinner has endured on
her path to salvation," Isaac said, standing in front of the monitor. "I know
you all will take great pleasure in seeing her progress. Unfortunately, for
Sofie, God has not granted her His glorious forgiveness just yet, for she has
not been blessed with a child. Tonight, after the festivities she will try
again."

The lights lowered as the television screen began to glow. Sofie stared at the
screen as if mesmerized. She saw herself at various stages of her stay at this
unholy house of God. In horror, she watched every angle of each torture. Her
toes began to cramp up, causing her to lower herself momentarily. Instantly she
was met with a surge of electricity through her nipples. Her body twitched as
she pulled against the restraints. The probe in her ass forced deeper inside
her, causing her to scream against the gag, letting the muffled sound mingle
with the cries from the video. She quickly rose back onto tiptoes.

She could hear the faint gasps and moans during the lulls in the tape from the
men who masturbated as they watched her plight play out before them. Again her
body slipped, triggering another shot. This one shot through the clamps on her
pussy lips. She shook as it passed through her, delaying her movement for a
moment. The next shock came very quickly after, this time targeting both the
thick probe in her cunt as well as the needle through her clit. Her body
convulsed as the surges seemed to become more powerful each time. The video
continued on, keeping them men focused on her naked tortured body being serviced
by different people.

Sofie's was on the verge of collapse when the tapes ended. Her entire body ached
from the charges that surged through it. She was carefully taken down from the
cross and carried by on of the men to the area where the chairs had sat. In
their place, a large tubular steel frame stood with a leather swing. Her limp
body was soon fastened into the device as the men began to line up to use her.
Kadence quickly removed the needles and clamps from Sofie as well as the probes
that had remained inside her.

Isaac was first. His strong naked body glistened in the low light of the room.
Sofie squinted, her eyes red and puffy from crying. She looked up at him
pitifully. A cruel smile formed upon his lips as he placed the tip of his cock
against her tortured lips. His hands gripped the chains that held the swing,
holding her motionless as he gave a powerful thrust. He hilted himself inside
her, making her cry out loudly. 

The sensitive flesh felt as if it was being ripped apart as he began to hammer
away at her cunt. His brutality knew no bounds as he used the swing to pull her
into each thrust. Her tears fell once again, streaming down the sides of her
face as her head hung back. She clenched her eyes shut and prayed for this
ordeal to be over. Deep down she knew this was far from over. Her hope that she
once had, was now gone. She groaned, grimacing in agony as Isaac's fingers
caught her nipple. She stiffened immediately as the pain grew more intense. He
twisted her nipple between his thumb and forefinger as he began to pull it away
from her breast. Her back arched in a vain attempt to ease the pain.

Isaac growled as he plunged his cock into her a final time, holding it there as
the thick cum flooded into her womb. He withdrew his cock from her pussy and
spun the swing around. He grabbed her head as he put the tip of his still
swollen cock to her lips and forced it inside. She knew better than to try to
resist. Sofie gagged as the tip of his cock lodged in her throat. He held it
there as her muscles massaged his cock, bringing him to another slight orgasm.
She felt as if she would throw up as the disgusting tasting substance oozed down
her throat.

Isaac finished with the girl, stepping away and leaving her to the others. They
began two at a time, one at her head and one at her cunt. She was jolted back,
forcing the cock at her pussy to delve deeper, then forward to cram the other
cock deep into her throat. She gagged and sobbed as the men continuously abused
her body. Her pussy ached from the constant friction and the electrical probe. 
Each time one of her abusers would slide his slimy cock from her cunt, she could
feel it trickle down over her tender hole.

After two hours of constant intercourse, Sofie's entire body was in constant
pain. Several of the men had used belts, floggers, whips and any other device
they could to beat the naked girl's exhausted body in order to make her jerk.
Her mumbled screams only proved to turn them on even more as they continued to
defile her.  It was not until all the men had used her that her cunt and mouth
would be given a break.

Isaac had not touched her since his earlier transgression. He was now ready to
have her once again. The sea of men parted as he approached, leaving Sofie in
the center of their circle as they eagerly watched him. His angry red head
pressed slowly against the puckered opening. He held her tight as it pushed the
tight ring of muscles apart, her pain intensifying as he invaded her ass. The
tip finally popped completely inside her, irritating the seared lining of the
passageway. Her body was filled with a renewed energy as she tried to squirm
away. His fingers quickly gripped her throat as he held her in place, inching
his swollen shaft deeper inside her. His tight grasp slowed her airflow, leaving
her feeling dizzy as her body continued to twitch from the pain.

He plunged his cock deep into her ass, nearly pulling it completely out before
impaling her once again with it. It had never felt as huge as it did that night.
She could feel every vein as his cock drove into her with powerful strokes, each
time a loud cry attempting to break free from her. She was in complete agony as
he yanked her back into his thrusts. His hand slipped from her throat, gliding
down the center of her chest before he quickly snatched her breast. In seconds,
both of her breasts were in his grasp as he squeezed them hard.

He used them like handles, pulling her back and forth with them as she cried
out. His immaculately manicured nails dug into her skin as he savagely mauled
her breasts with his large hands. Little droplets of blood streaked down her
skin from the crescent shaped incision caused by his nails. His thrusts became
stronger and quicker as he approached climax. His rhythmic grunts matched his
pace, becoming louder until they drowned out other sound in Sofie's head. Isaac
looked down at his cock as it pistoned in and out of her battered ass, admiring
the streaks of blood that now decorated it. His eyes then moved over her body,
taking in each welt, each cut, each bruise, as if he were cataloging them in his
brain. His eyes met hers as she frighten stared up at him.

She dared not look away as he continued to pump her wounded ass with all his
might. He was on the verge of cumming, which was plain for all to see. Her body
was jolted back to him with a vicious yank as his seed filled her once again.
The hot creamy liquid did not sooth her pain as she hoped it would. It felt as
if liquid fire had been injected into her as he held his cock deep inside her.

When Isaac triumphantly pulled out, he stared at his cock for a moment. The
bloody mess still clung to his skin. Sofie prayed silently that he would not do
what she feared he was about to. Once again, she was spun around and his cock
was presented to her. This time she resisted, pressing her lips tightly shut.

"Open your mouth Sofie. It is time for you to clean up your dirty mess. Prove
you are worthy of salvation or the punishment will begin." he said rubbing the
tip of his stained cock against her lips.

Sofie continued to disobey. Her lips remained clamped shut. She saw Isaac give a
nod to MaryAgnes, knowing now that she was in for some real pain.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  NightmarePrincess


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





