BDSM Library - The Conversion of Jessica




The Conversion of Jessica
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young housewife is taken against her will and delivered to a maniacle mansion, where she will be programmed to perform...
The Conversion of Jessica

Part One - The Taking

Jessica had married her husband of three years, Michael, right out of college.
Their whirlwind courtship was happy and full of joy and togetherness. After
college, Michael got an excellent job with a large corporation which enabled
them to buy a good home in a nice neighborhood near the city. They lived the
life of the perfect couple. Until that fateful day.....

Michael came home with an unusual frown on his face. Jessica greeted him at the
door, as usual, in sweatpants and a loose top. He grimaced a bit upon seeing
her.

"Hon, I'm afraid I have some bad news." he started the conversation after he had
dropped his attache and they moved to sit in the living room. "The company needs
to send me to Germany for six weeks to help complete a project over there, and
what with the budget cuts and all, I'm afraid you'll have to stay here alone. I
just can't take you with me." He looked sincerely crestfallen.

"Oh, No!" exclaimed Jessica, her heart falling at the news. They had never been
separated through their married life, short though it was to this point. "Oh,
why, honey, why?" she pouted.

"Look, I'm not overjoyed about it either. But I have to do it. If I turn this
posting down, I'll never get anywhere in the company. It won't be so bad, I'll
call you every other day, and you'll see, the six months will pass very quickly.
The company is advancing me ten thousand dollars to tide you over until I  get
back, so you'll have no money problems."

He went on sooth Jessica's doubts through their dinner and quiet evening
afterwards. In bed, they had sex that was quietly satisfying to them both. A few
days later, Michael boarded the airport limo and Jessica waved a tearful goodbye
from their door. She spent the rest of the day almost numb, unseeing, in front
of the television set.

The next morning, Jessica was tidying up a bit around the house, dressed only in
her long nightshirt, when the doorbell rang quite unexpectedly.

"Who could that be?" she thought, puzzled. "Who is it?" she called out from the
foyer.

"Western Union, ma'am." came a voice from the outside.  Jessica walked calmly to
the door and opened it. Three burly men forced their way inside before she could
slam the door shut. Jessica gasped in horror. They were dressed completely in
black, black trousers and black turtlenecks. They were each in their late 30's
or early 40's, large men over six feet tall and 200 pounds each. Her arms were
grasped tightly and firmly by two of them, while the third clapped a large palm
over her mouth.

"It won't do you any to scream. The neighbors on both sides are out. We've cut
the phone line. So, if you cooperate, you won't get hurt. Now, are you
satisfied?" he hissed at her.  Jessica, her eyes wide with terror, nodded slowly
at him. Her heart was pounding. "Eric, Lars, get the stuff. And be fast, we have
to get out of here quickly." The other two men surrendered Jessica's arms to the
leader and quickly ran to her bedroom, stuffing some clothes and makeup in to a
small bag.

"We're going to make it look like you had to take a quick journey. And you are,
actually. Just not where they might think you're going." the leader said to her
as the two other returned. Quickly they pulled a large black cloth bag from
Erik's back pockets, and pulled it down over the woman, not before Lars had
handcuffed her wrists behind her back and covered her eyes with a blinding mask.
The leader pushed a gag into her mouth. Jessica was completely disorganized. She
had no idea what was going on. The men roughly picked her up and carried her out
the door, one of them shutting and locking it behind them. She felt them carry
her down the short walk and out to the street, and then she was pushed/pulled in
to the back seat of an obviously large automobile or limousine. No one spoke for
several minutes as the car pulled away from her home and headed away at a fairly
high rate of speed. At first, Jessica tried to keep track of where they were
turning, but soon found it impossible to tell, what with the blindfold and bag
over her, and the near-soundless environment inside the limo. Suddenly, an icy
chill ran over her body.

"Ok, Erik, you do her first. Remember the plan." she heard the still- unnamed
leader speak. Jessica felt the bag being removed from over her body, and she was
pulled around on the car seat until her legs extended far out into the middle of
the car and her head was against the backrest of the huge seat. She struggled,
but could not loosen the handcuffs or move the blindfold. Suddenly she felt the
nightshirt ripped from her body. She screamed through the gag, but the men only
chuckled. He looked down at her nearly prone, naked form.

Long, slender legs led to a pair of wide, but not too wide, hips. Her femininity
was covered by a fine patch of curly brown hair. A trim waist and tummy led to
what was perhaps Jessica's proudest asset. Her large breasts seemed almost out
of place on her otherwise petite frame. She had been embarrassed when they first
started sprouting while she was just in sixth grade. Through junior and senior
high, they continued to grow, until now she went through life with a 37D bra
size. They were perfectly conical, with large pronounced areola and thick,
prominent nipples. They heaved with fear now, the nipples erecting in the cool
air, not through any sexual excitement that Jessica felt. Her slim neck and long
brown hair framed an attractive, though not extremely beautiful face. Around the
gag her lips compressed.

The man named Erik quickly dropped his slacks. Jessica felt him reach between
her legs and probe her vagina, feeling the dry fingers invade her most private
areas. He wormed two fingers around and around, trying to stir her up. She
squirmed at his touch, trying to move away, but found it impossible as one other
man held her tightly by her shoulders. The next thing she felt was a large,
erect cock poking at the entrance to her vagina. She tried to clamp her legs
together, but could not. She felt a pair of hands grab each ankle and slip some
sort of smooth, cool rope around them and tie them apart to opposite ends of the
car's interior width.

The cock at her slit pushed itself it slowly, and Jessica was aghast to find
herself becoming stimulated at this situation. Slowly, then faster, the cock
began to pick up speed, thrusting in and out, not roughly , but with greater
force than she had ever encouraged with her husband. HER HUSBAND!! Suddenly
Jessica froze. What would Michael be able to do about this? He was 10,000 miles
away. How could he help? She groaned inwardly. She endured several more minutes
of the thick male member invading her channel. Then, though the haze, she heard
the leader speak once again.

"OK, enough already. Finish it off!" he said gruffly. Abruptly Jessica felt the
pounding stop and the penis was withdrawn. She was puzzled. Seconds ticked by.
She though she could hear a light slapping noise a few inches away, and was
completely at a loss. Then it happened.

SPLAT...SPLAT......SPLAT.......SPLAT.........SPLAT......SPLAT. Jessica was
horrified to feel the wet splashing on her face and cheeks. She could taste the
wet saltiness on her upper lip. "HE CAME ON MY FACE!" she thought, shuddering at
it. The white streams of Erik's ejaculate slowly dripped from her, dropping
slowly and wetly onto the upper slopes of her breasts. Jessica had never, ever,
allowed any man to do that.  On occasion, she would perform oral sex for
Michael, and at his insistence, allow him to ejaculate in her mouth, but always
had a tissue ready to spit the sperm into. She thought it distasteful and
disgusting. And now, a complete stranger had raped her and ejaculated all over
her face. She could feel herself blush and redden at the thought. She felt,
rather than saw, the flashes of light and noise that indicated a camera going
off. "OH GOD, They've taken my picture!" she thought, horrified.

She had little time for grief, though, as another hard penis was attacking her,
and again Jessica felt the tremors of excitement start to build. Her vagina gave
her away, slickly lubing the passage of the cock as it thrust in and out. Her
clitoris began to quiver and quake, and Jessica allowed a small orgasm to pass.
The man noticed it.

"Hey, Bruno, I think the bitch just came. I think she's beginning to like it."
he grunted. "Now the leader had a name - Bruno." she thought. Jessica wondered
if this rapist would end the same way Erik had. She awaited the sudden emptiness
in her pussy, wondering when it would come. She didn't have long to wait. 
Again, one second there was a hard, slick cock moving quickly through her hot
channel. And the next second it was gone. She felt the presence of the man move
up her body this time, and again heard the light slapping Noise, but this time
she knew what it was - the man was masturbating to climax.

She waited - five seconds, ten seconds. Her breath caught. 20 seconds. Then she
heard a grunt. "Oh fuck here it comes.." she heard the voice say. Then
SPLAT...SPLAT....SPLATSPLAT......SPLAT....SPLAT.....SPLAT the cum rained down on
her features again, mixing and mingling with that of the first man. This
discharge was more copious, Jessica could feel the hot streams hitting her
distinctly. This one seemed to draw great pleasure from spraying his semen on
her. Jessica thanked God for the mask and gag, or she was sure her eyes would be
covered in it, and her mouth, awash. Even as it was, she could feel it pooling
around her lips where they encircled the ball gag. The sperm dripped down each
cheek and her chin and slowly dribbled down her forehead. She knew it was even
in her hair and ears. Jessica groaned again.

Again, the flash of a camera jolted her back to reality. Now they had pictures
of her with two successive discharges of sperm on her. The third penis began
it's work. This one was larger than the other two, larger than any Jessica had
ever felt. It pushed it's way roughly into her being, thrusting and bulling
towards her crotch. Jessica felt waves of revulsion begin to roil around her as
the reality of her situation struck her. She had been kidnapped from her home,
assaulted repeatedly in a car, and was being driven God knows where. Her husband
wouldn't even know about it until at least tomorrow night when he called, and
even then the fact that that phone had been cut off may not alarm him at all.
Jessica shuddered.

This time, the cock did not last long.  "Remove the gag." a voice said. Hands
quickly pulled the device from her mouth. Jessica drew in a deep breath, tasting
the rapidly cooling semen from her two rapists. She momentarily forgot that the
cock had just withdrawn from her vagina. Before she could close her mouth in
alarm, more great jets of sperm flew into it, choking her with surprise. She
quickly clamped her lips down. "Don't swallow." the voice hissed in her ear.
Jessica had No intention of doing that! Strangely, No more sperm landed on her.
"Open up again."  Jessica didn't move her lips. "Open up." This time, Jessica
felt a cold round tube pressing into her side, just below her armpit. She slowly
opened her lips. A small pool of white liquid pooled at the base of her jaw. 
She waited. Then, in quick succession, three jets of sperm flew from the cock
held just inches from her mouth, and splattered noisily into her mouth and lips.
Others dripped and dropped onto her face. It seemed like the man would never
finish. Jessica counted ten complete streams of semen flying into her mouth and
face.

"OK, now hold it like that. One more for the picture album. " Jessica felt a
strong hand grasp her jaw, holding her mouth open. The camera whirred and
clicked, flashing away in the dim light of the car. "Now swallow. And learn."
Bruno said. Jessica shook her head, mumbling "No, no, don't make me do that" as
best she could. The gun barrel pushed farther into her side. Jessica realized
that these people meant what they said. She closed her lips and tilted her face
down. She felt the sperm pool at the front of her mouth. Then she steeled
herself, and swallowed. It didn't all go down the first time. She had to swallow
again. The liquid tasted salty, slightly bitter, like strong starchy seawater.
Jessica reddened and blushed again.

"Good. Get used to it. It may be the staple of your diet for a while." The men
laughed. Jessica groaned to herself. What was she in for? And would Michael ever
find out?

End of Part One




The Conversion of Jessica

Part 2 - Learning The Rules From Eva

As the limo sped on into the day, Jessica could not but wonder what was
happening to her. The men in the car were silent for an hour or two, then she
heard low whispers among them. Abruptly, the large auto slowed, and veered off
what was obviously the interstate, but Jessica had no idea where. Her hands were
still cuffed behind her back, and she lay almost prone on the rear seat. The
sperm had long since dried on her face, but the mask was still in place. She
tried sleeping fitfully, but could not bring herself to forget the awful
humiliation of the gang rape and ejaculations on her face.

The car traveled along a somewhat bumpy road for about 20 minutes, and then
slowed, and made a sharp turn. It angled upwards, and Jessica felt the huge
machine gear down and climb up a twisting, torturous road. After just a few
minutes, the car slowed to a stop. She heard the rear doors open up, and felt
strong hands reach in and almost haul her out. Her nakedness embarrassed her, as
she had no idea where she was. The torment and anguish were bringing salty tears
to her eyes.

"Why are you doing this to m-" she started to say, but was interrupted by a
rubber ball gag thrust into her mouth again, shocking and almost choking her
with its suddenness.

"Quiet, bitch, you'll talk when asked to. And it won't be soon, believe me!" she
heard a new voice, a feminine one at that, answer. She was led, stumbling, up a
series of rough, stone steps, through a door and into the hallway of what she
supposed was a large home of some sort. Finally the mask was taken from her
face. Jessica felt the dried cum crinkle and snap on her cheekbones. She blinked
in the dazzling light striking her eyes so suddenly after several hours of
complete darkness. When the tearing stop long enough for her to focus, she gazed
around.

The three men who had kidnapped her were gone. She stood in a long, spacious
hallway, with several large overhead windows letting in the summer sun.
Luxurious Oriental rugs lined the marble floor, and expensive works of art and
sculpture were everywhere. Obviously someone with a great deal of money lived
here. The woman, behind her now, spoke.

"Welcome to the Training Center, Jessica. My name is Eva. Before we go any
farther, I should tell you the rules here. One, don't even think about trying to
escape. A 12-foot stone wall that is electrified and covered with broken glass
rings the entire property. The driveway is the only way in or out, and an armed
guard is on duty 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We also have several large
Dobermans and Mastiffs ranging the grounds just in case you think you might like
to explore - and they love the taste of fresh meat."

"Two, you are a captive here, and as such have no rights whatsoever. Your entire
life is in our hands. We'll tell you what to eat, what to wear, what to say, and
where to go. We'll tell you when you can talk, eat, drink, sleep, shit, and
piss. You will embark on a training regimen that will totally alter your
personality. You will learn servitude, humiliation, and above all obedience to
your master or masters."

"Three, don't think your husband can help. We've had your telephone re-routed
here, and your mail as well. When your husband calls, we have an excellent mimic
here who will answer the phone and play your part perfectly. In fact, she's
going to tell him that you decided to take a little vacation and would be out of
touch for several weeks. Do you understand so far?"

Jessica nodded, barely hearing the words. She looked at the woman. She was a
tall, red-haired woman with staggeringly large breasts. She wore only a leather
belt, thigh-high boots and a studded leather collar. Her pubic area was shaven
completely bare, and her nipples looked as if they had rouge on them. Two small
rings pierced each one.

"I too am a slave here, but I was chosen by the masters to help orient the new
slaves. I receive some special treatment, but not much. And sometimes they
single me out for some really vicious treatment." As she spoke the woman uncured
Jessica and removed the gag. Jessica rubbed her sore wrists and moved her jaw,
trying to get the kinks out of it.

"Why am I here? Who did this to me?"

"You'll find out when it's time to find out. Until then, you are in our control.
Lars here will take you to your room and show you the way to the lounge. You
will always be in the company of one or the male employees here. You will never
be alone, not even to make your toilet." Eva gestured behind Jessica, who turned
to see Lars strolling up to them. "Lars, make Jessica to room 12-B. Have her
bathe and then bring her to the lounge. She may as well get started on the
training."

Lars angled his head to indicate that Jessica should follow him. First, he
attached a long silver chain to Jessica neck. It felt similar, though smaller,
than the one Eva wore around her neck. Then he fastened the collar around
Jessica's slim neck. Her tears started to flow then. Jessica quietly sobbed as
the man led her meekly down the hall and up a short flight of stairs. Down a
corridor and into a room marked 12-B, Jessica could do nothing but weep and try
to figure the situation out.

Lars led her into the room. He didn't speak, except to point out the bathroom.
"Let's go. You need a bath."

"I..I have to pee, too." whimpered Jessica. Lars chuckled. "That's to be
expected. Don't worry, we have porcelain toilets as well as several other kinds.
You'll get over any embarrassment. He led her into the bathroom and picked up
the toilet seat. "Do it." he said, pointing to the toilet.

Jessica felt the shame wash over her in waves as she sat on the cool seat. At
first she was too embarrassed and shocked to do anything, but the pressure in
her bladder finally won out, and she began voiding. The splashing of the urine
in the bowl seemed to please Lars, who smiled down at her.

"That's a good girly. Pee nice." As he spoke, he pulled his zipper down. "As a
matter of fact, I think I might take some of the pressure off as well." He
fished his long cock from his pants, pointing it down at Jessica's hand which
covered her own genitals. She was shocked. Then the man started to piss. A long
hot stream of piss gushed out of his cock, striking her just below her navel,
dripping down her wrist and hand and into the bowl. Jessica hung her head in
shame and misery.

Lars continued to piss on her, directing the stream up and over her tummy and
breasts. Then he slowly wiggled his cock, causing the urine flow to arc and
angle upward. Hot drops hit the slopes of Jessica's breasts and flew up into her
face. She tried to turn away, but Lars put his hand out and held her head
steady.

"Don't worry, it won't kill ya. You're liable to get a lot worse before too
long." Jessica struggled to escape the hot stream of piss, but his large hand
held her steady. She kept her lips tightly closed, praying that none of the
urine would splash that high. Luckily, the stream began to wither and decrease
in volume. Finally, he finished, shaking his cock dry and stuffing it back into
his trousers. Jessica looked down. Her entire midsection was glowing in the warm
golden liquid. Her pubic hair was soaked and matted with it. She went to reach
for a tissue, but Lars stopped her.

"No. One of the first rules you'll learn is that you never, absolutely NEVER,
wipe any of our fluid off of your body without permission." he looked at her
sternly. "Understand?"  He slowly twisted her wrists back, causing Jessica to
wince at the sudden pain. She nodded her head dumbly.

"Ok. Get in the tub over there. It's time for another bath." Jessica's heart
sank, but Lars merely laughed and turned on the water.

Half an hour later, Jessica had been washed from head to toe and dried off. Lars
made her dress in a garter belt and stockings with high heels and the collar. He
watched as she applied some makeup. She looked quizzically at the tube of
lipstick she was told to apply. It didn't look like any brand she had ever seen.

"We have that made special. It doesn't rub off on cocks." Lars laughed. He
pulled her to a standing position. "Now we head to the lounge. Some of the guys
are probably there, and Eva wants to get you going."

He led her back down the stairs and into a large, well-lit room. Jessica looked
around and gasped. Covering almost every inch of the walls were large, glossy
photographs of women's faces covered in sperm. Blondes, brunettes, redheads, she
recognized Eva in several of them, even through the cum and every possible
variety of female form. The pictures were just of faces, though. Each and every
one was lined with thick streams of sperm, dripping from eyebrows, lips and
chins. Cheeks were covered with it. It was in their hair, in their eyes and in
their mouths. One woman's face was almost completely covered in cum, like a
white wax mask. Lars noticed her looking at the picture. "Maybe someday soon
you'll be up there too. This is our wall of fame. That one slave there.." he
pointed to the woman's covered face, "had 24 guys cum on her face in less than
five minutes. She was begging for more when we took the picture." Jessica
blanched and gulped.

The room contained about 12 men of varying ages. Some were young, just barely
out of their teens. Others ranged from their 20s to three gentlemen who looked
in their 60's. They all turned to look at Jessica briefly, but ignored her to
return to their conversations. Eva walked up to her.

"Here. Take this." She held out a pill to Jessica. She didn't move to accept it.
Without warning, Eva slapped her twice, hard, across the face. "I said TAKE IT,
slut. Lars?" He twisted her arm cruelly, and Jessica had no choice but to reach
out and take the small pill. Before popping it into her mouth, she said "I can't
swallow pills without water."

Eva bent to pick up a crystal goblet. "Here. It's fresh from the fridge." she
said with a grin. She handed it to Jessica, who glanced at it. At first she
thought it was milk, but then the horrid realization struck her. The goblet was
full of sperm. Lars twisted her arm again, this time even harder. Jessica
groaned and sank to her knees in pain, her eyes watering with the pain. The pill
had started to dissolve on her tongue, and it tasted evil and terrible.

"You've noticed that the pill tastes horrid. Good. So either swallow it dry, or
wash it down with that." Eva taunted. The pill began to burn and itch as it
maddeningly drove Jessica's mouth crazy with pain. Jessica could do no more. She
lifted the goblet and let a small amount of the cool sperm wash across her lips
and tongue. Eva reached down and tilted the bottom of the crystal up, forcing
several ounces of the fluid into Jessica's mouth. "Drink up."  Jessica gulped
the cool, salty liquid down, fighting back the urge to gag. Eventually the
goblet was empty.

"Good girl. Now sit down over there and just observe right now. This is the
first night of your education, and we all know that you learn by doing, but
tonight you must just watch. The drug will help your system adapt to your new
diet, and also make you very thirsty. But you must learn to deal with your
thirst first."  Eva motioned to a small stool in the corner of the room, and
Jessica made her way slowly to it, unsure of her footing in the very high heels
she'd been forced to wear.

Suddenly she heard one of the men speak out. He was a tall, slim man in his
early thirties with long blond hair tied in a ponytail behind his dress shirt
and jacket.  "Eva, I wish to feed you. Come here."

Eva looked at Jessica and raised her eyebrows, as if to say 'watch this'. She
went and knelt before the man who spoke. Several of the other men in the crowd
gathered around the kneeling woman and the man. Eva reached up and pulled the
man's zipper down, reached in and extracted his rapidly hardening cock. The man
stood there nonchalantly watching her. Jessica was transfixed at her absolute
servitude.

Eva opened her mouth and enveloped the man's cock. She slurped it in, running
her tongue around the head and down the shaft. Her hands caressed the shaft and
rubbed the skin back and forth, jerking the cock in a motion that seemed
pleasurable to the man. Gradually, she took more and more of the shaft into her
mouth, finally pushing down all the way to the man's trousers with her lips.
Jessica was astounded to see the milking action that Eva's lips and cheeks
seemed to apply to his penis. She could see Eva swallowing repeatedly, massaging
the shaft and head with her mouth and throat muscles. This went on for several
minutes, with not a word spoken between the man and the woman performing
fellatio on him. The man finally looked at the group of men watching them.

"I'm nearly ready. Any suggestions?"

"Chin."

"All in her mouth."

"Forehead and hair is good."

"Lay it on her tongue and do it right in her mouth."

Several other ideas were suggested by the men standing by. Jessica realized that
they were offering ideas on where the man should ejaculate his sperm on Eva. Her
breath quickened. She felt the drug begin to take effect, swallowing dryly and
licking her lips involuntarily. Part of her was horrified at the idea of this
type of behavior. But she felt...odd, too

"Eva, what do you want?" the man looked down and quizzed her. She stopped her
licking and sucking for just a moment, making a deep breath.

"You may cum wherever you like, my master. I enjoy your sperm in my belly." she
said, with a voice quavering with emotion. Jessica believed that she really did
mean it, that she wanted the man to ejaculate in her mouth so she could swallow
it. Her stomach flip-flopped at the idea, when she realized with a start that
she herself had just swallowed a glassful of sperm from several complete
strangers herself.

The man slowly withdrew his spit-soaked cock from Eva's mouth. "Open your mouth
and lay your tongue flat across your lower lip. We want to see this." he
commanded. Eva complied, holding her mouth open wide and staring up at the man.
He jerked his cock several times in rapid succession, and then laid the tip of
of it right at the end of Eva's outstretched tongue. Jessica saw him clench his
buttocks, and immediately a stream of white sperm flew from the end of his cock
into Eva's mouth. Another large gout followed it. The man pulled his cock up,
and the third stream flew up across Eva's nose and into her forehead,
splattering wetly across her skin. She blinked and recoiled a bit at the shock
of it. Then the man did something Jessica had never even imagined possible. He
placed the tip of his cock at the base of Eva's nose, and shot a stream of cum
right into her nostril.

Eva's tender nose burned at the feel. "That's for jumping when the sperm struck
your face!" he growled at her.  "And so is this!" He aimed now at her eyes,
holding one eyelid open with a free hand. Eva groaned with pain when the salty
fluid struck her their, blinking it in and out.  The other eye was next,
receiving a wet white missile that struck and splashed wetly across her eyebrow
and forehead. Jessica heard her grunt and squeal in pain as the salty sperm
burned her eye.

"QUIET BITCH! Take your punishment as you deserve it." the man growled at her.
He continued rubbing the now-silent cock around Eva's face, spreading the cum
over her cheeks and lips until Jessica could see the sheen of it covering her
face Jessica couldn't believe that Eva would let these people do that to her.
Eventually the man released Eva's head and her hands flew up to rub her eyes,
trying in vain to ease the stinging pain. Jessica knew what it felt like to get
salt water from the ocean in your eyes, she imagined that the sperm was just as
bad in many ways.

"I'm sorry I flinched, Master." Eva snorted, cum running down out of her nose
and across her upper lip.  "I usually don't that anymore."

"Well, see that you , don't in the future or you'll be in for more like that."
he said to her, zipping his pants. Jessica shivered in shock and fear. He didn't
even kiss Eva or anything, just had her blow him until he ejaculated in her fee,
and then cruelly, purposely, aimed his cum up her nose and into her eyes, where
he knew it would be uncomfortable and painful.

Eva looked at Jessica with a half-hearted smile. "See what disobeying gets you?" 
The man she had just sucked off interrupted. "As punishment, you will not be fed
anymore sperm tonight. But you will satisfy us with your mouth. I think that 10
performances should be sufficient, don't you?" he asked with a sneer. "Ok, men,
she's all your. But don't forget. She doesn't get any cum where she can swallow
it. You know what to do."

The line of men started forming in front of Eva. She still knelt on the floor,
the sperm from the first man slowly drooling down her face and dripping on her
breasts. She reached out to the first man, pulled his zipper down, and began
sucking on his cock. As she began, the first man, the man who had shot sperm in
her eyes and up her nose, took a thin birth whip from over the fireplace and
began switching Eva's naked buttocks. She jerked as the lash laid small red
stripes across her tender flesh. The man didn't strike her as hard as he could
have, but Jessica could see that the pain was real, and that the lashes were
leaving red marks. Eva's ass and lower back soon bore criss-cross red stripes.

Jessica watched, spellbound, like a small animal frozen in fear by a python. Eva
gulped and jerked on the cock, swallowing it down into her throat like it was
the most natural thing she could do, rolling her hands over the shaft, licking
the tip and up and down the shaft. After a few minutes the man started to groan
quietly. Suddenly he pulled his throbbing cock from Eva's mouth. She immediately
bowed her head. He ejaculated strand after strand of his cum into her lustrous
red hair. As he finished, he rubbed his cock in her tresses, drying it off and
smearing the lines of cum into her scalp as he came, the man whipping Eva's ass
thrust the handle of the cane roughly between her ass cheeks, rubbing it the
back and forth in the cleft between her thighs.

Eva bent over, her head down on the floor and her ass in the air, knowing what
would come next. Jessica watched horrified as the whipping man slowly screwed
the leather-coated handle of the cane up into Eva's unlubricated asshole. She
groaned at the pain. Inch after inch of the handle was pushed forcefully into
her rectum until at least nine inches of handle lay buried in the woman's rectal
channel. Then the man started sawing it in and out, twisting and turning the
shaft as he did Eva whimpered and sobbed with the pain, but Jessica was
astounded to see Eva's loins start to thrust back at the handle, impaling
herself farther and farther onto the intruder in her ass. Then she shook all
over as an orgasm captured her sweating body. Just as Eva started to cum, the
man pulled the handle quickly from her ass. Eva groaned, then straightened back
up. The next man stepped up to her face. The whipping began again.

The sequence was that same for the next nine men. While Eva sucked, the man who
had just used her mouth whipped her. Sometimes he whipped her ass, sometimes her
back, her calves or thighs, sometimes her heaving breasts bore the brunt of the
punishment. Eva's mouth was tired and sore after the third or fourth man, and
she could do little but kneel back on her heels with her mouth open as far as it
would go and let the men fuck her face brutally. Most of the men were rough with
her, pushing large cocks entirely down her throat, grabbing the back of her head
with their hands and forcing her down on their cocks until her lips touched the
base. Often she choked with the effort. And each man ejaculated in her hair,
smearing his cum around and around. After each ejaculation, she was pushed down
onto her face again, and the whip handle was once again shoved up into her ass
and frictioned back and forth. And each time, just as Eva started to orgasm, it
was withdrawn, leaving her on the brink of climax time after time. She sobbed
with the frustration and begged one of the men to let her cum.

"Ohgod please make me cum. I'll suck you all, please, just let me cum, let me
cum!!" she groaned. Jessica was astonished to listen.

"You'll suck us anyway, slave. We'll decide IF and WHEN to let you have an
orgasm. It appears that your training has begun to wear off a bit, so perhaps
we'd better take you back down a step and reinforce your reason for being here!"
one of the men said gruffly.

Eventually the ordeal was over. After the last man had cum in her hair, Evaknelt
for a few moments, gasping and catching her breath. Her ass was red with welts
and bumps where the rod had caught her. She shook with sobs of pain and
frustration. After a minute or two, she slowly got to her feet and walked
gingerly over to Jessica.

"And that's what can happen if you don't perform." she gasped, still trying to
catch her breath. Jessica closed her eyes and nodded her head.


End of Part Two




The Conversion of Jessica
By Rich Humus

Part Three


     "We're not done yet, though." said Eva as she toweled the sperm from her
hair, rubbing it through her fingers like fine conditioner. "I think they
have a video planned. I wonder who it'll be tonight."

     "What do you mean?" asked a still-trembling Jessica.

     "Every now and then, Sir John does a video of a girl here, either to
keep her under control, or to sell to a private collector. We've had some
fairly famous women here who suck cock like crazy, and they can't do a thing
because Sir John always keeps a copy of the tape. If it got out, it would
ruin their careers."

     Jessica ignored the reference to 'Sir John' for now. "Who? Who?" she
quizzed.

     Eva leaned over and whispered to Jessica. "You know the blond who used
to be on that TV show, the one who's husband is the producer now?"

     Jessica gulped. She knew who Eva meant. The woman was a beautiful woman
of about 40, long blond hair and a gorgeous face.

     "Well, Sir John captured her one morning, brought her here, used her and
tied her naked to a stool. He taped about 30 feet of her sucking him off, and
him jerking off on her face, until she was covered in sperm. She struggled
and fought like a bitch too, that was the great part. But he video'ed the
entire thing, and threatened to release it to the tabloids and stuff if she
ever said a word. She left really scared. He sold the tape to a collector who
paid $1,000 for it."


     "Another time he got that singer, you know the one who's always in
trouble for cussing and shit on stage? And he had her brought here for two
days and nights, and I swear she must'a had a hundred guys fuck her silly.
She was tied to a rubber mat downstairs, and she about drowned in all the cum
they fed her. I mean, it was just running out of her mouth after a while, and
all over her face  and tits and stuff. But she never said a word."

     Jessica gulped. Just then the room went dark and a large television
slowly moved from a recess in the wall. A video projector clicked on
somewhere out of sight.  Jessica trembled in the cold and watched. As the
screen lit, she saw the title.  "This one resisted a bit" whispered Eva to
her. The title made Jessica shiver.

     "DROWNED IN CUM".  The scene opened to show a cute young girl, she
couldn't have been more than 17 or 18, tied naked to a table. The camera
zoomed into her terrified face. Streaks of tears showed plainly. Her eyes
were red from sobbing. The camera slowly panned down her young body. Red
welts criss-crossed her breasts and rib cage. Her pubic hair had been shaved,
and the camera turned slightly to show what appeared to be a huge dildo
shoved into her cunt. Small red droplets attested to the fact that the
insertion was done roughly. Another, just slightly smaller dildo was plugged
into her rectum. More red welts crossed her thighs and calves. Her ankles had
been cuffed and tied to opposite corners of the table.

     Suddenly she screamed. The camera slowly turned to reveal the object of
her terror. Three huge black men, totally naked, were entering the room. They
had enormous cocks, each at least 10 inches long, and as big around as the
young girl's arm. Two of the men went to either side of the table and,
reaching under it, made some adjustment. The table suddenly started tilting
and inching upwards, until the girl's feet were above her head. She was
bound, helpless, as the table continued until it was nearly vertical. The
table moved up slightly as the other black man moved to stand near her head.
Gradually, the girl's body was raised until her head was just below the level
of the man's cock. He fisted it lazily, smearing the head over her face ,
drooling pre-cum across her cheeks and jaw. He grabbed the dildo in her pussy
with the other hand and began sliding, slowly at first, then faster and
faster, in and out of her ravaged and sore channel. As he did, he leaned
forward and tried to force his cock between the girl's lips. She resisted,
biting down on it. He growled angrily at the girl. Jessica was stunned to see
him suddenly slam the huge dildo all the way down into the poor girl's
vagina. She shrieked.

     "OHGODNONONO PLEASE STOP STOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPP" the girl yelled. The
giant ignored her, pulling the dildo out and slamming it the back down three
more times. The girl slumped visibly in the restraints, exhausted and
terrified of further pain.  Jessica watched as the camera zoomed in to show
her weakly open her mouth. The huge head of the man's cock bent back her lips
as he shoved it into her,  and started roughly fucking the pretty girl's
face. Jessica watched as the spit and slobber leaked out from around her
lips, while the man stabbed his cock over and over up into her throat.
Because she was upside down and the table was at such an angle, Jessica could
see the ridge the cock made as it visibly went five or six inches into the
girl's neck, as he fucked  himself into the blonde's face. The man continued
shoving the dildo back and forth, in and out of her cunt. Jessica could hear
her grunt and groan with the effort. After a few minutes, the man suddenly
grunted, and pushed his groin fully against the girl's lips, imbedding his
twitching cock a half-foot into her throat. Jessica saw his ass muscles
clench repeatedly. She knew he was coming, ejaculating, right into the girl's
stomach. She coughed and gagged as the acrid sperm tried to battle gravity
and run uphill. The man pulled his cock out of her mouth, and the girl choked
again, spitting sperm and saliva down out of her throat and out her mouth. It
ran in white streams over her eyes and forehead, pooling and dripping from
her lips.

     The other two men did virtually the same thing. Each ejaculated what
appeared to be tremendous amounts of sperm. By the time the third man was
finished, the poor girl's face was literally covered with saliva, sperm, and
sweat. Her hair dripped with the cum, trailing down from her head, as she was
held suspended almost four feet off the ground.

     Then Jessica was startled to see Eva enter the picture. She held what
appeared to be a large silver bowl with some yellow-whiteish fluid pooling in
it. The bowl was nearly full, and the fluid threatened to splash over the rim
at any time.

     "Susan. You know your father's horse, Brandy, the one that's 18 hands
high?" Jessica blanched. "We have him. We hooked his huge horse cock to a
stud milking machine and collected all his gooey horse cum for the last three
days. It's all in this bowl."  She bent down and shook the bowl over the girl
Susan's head, watching the fluid spill over and drip onto her face. Susan
shrieked with agony and disgust.

     "Yes, you do that. You keep resisting." As she spoke, Eva took her hands
and scooped large handfuls of the slimy equine ejaculate out of the bowl.
"You keep fighting, and you may one day look back on this day with fond
memories." She splashed the horse cum on Susan's face. The girl screamed and
tossed her face from side to side roughly, throwing the white liquid off in
large drops. Again and again Eva scooped large dollops of the sperm out of
the bowl, pouring it over the poor resisting girl's face and body.

     "How 'bout we fill up that pretty cunt of yours with some nice horse
cum, hey?"  Eva stood and pulled the black dildo that was still imbedded
fully in Susan's overstretched vagina with a slurping sound. Susan twisted
and squirmed, but the straps held her tight. Jessica watched with growing
disgust, as Eva tilted the bowl up and poured a large amount of the horse's
sperm directly into Susan's still-gaping vagina. Fully a pint of the gooey
white mess was poured in before Eva stood on her tiptoes and feigned looking
down into Susan's cunt.

     "Yep, all filled up nice. Now let's close'er back up." She slowly forced
the dildo the back down into Susan's cunt. The cum filling her vagina bubbled
up over Susan's vulva, streaming down her tummy and coating her stomach and
tits, with milky lines. Some of it had to drip down across her chin and face.

     "Can't forget about the ass, now, can we?"  Eva pulled the plug from the
girl's rectum, and before the stretched anus could retract, poured more horse
sperm into Susan's violated rectal canal. Jessica could see her sob and wrack
her body trying to avoid the humiliating experience. Eva pushed the dildo the
back into Susan's body.

     "I'd say you were pretty well filled up. Oh yes! No! Forgot one hole,
didn't we?"  Jessica stiffened as Eva tilted the table the back down to the
horizontal. White lines of cum, man and animal, drooled and dripped from the
teenager's body. It leaked from around the black rubber shafts cruelly forced
into her lower openings.  Her face and hair were caked and dripping with cum.
Susan gripped her lips together, willing herself strength to resist this last
awful torment that she knew was coming. Eva merely looked at her and grinned.

     "Stupid bitch. You think you can really resist? Feel this." And she
leaned over. Jessica couldn't see what she did, but Eva put her free hand
somewhere along Susan's neck and appeared to pinch her. The young girl
shrieked in pain as Eva found a nerve and ground it between her fingernails.
The girl's shreiks and cries reverberated through the room from the tape.
Jessica felt her own tears start to come. As Eva pinched the nerve, she
poured the remaining ejaculate directly into Susan's open mouth. Rivers of
horse cum drenched the poor girl.   She coughed it up, gagging and choking on
the vile taste. Still Eva poured, drenching her with the several day's
efforts of the horse.

     "Yes, that's a good girl" she said raspingly. "Drink all of your nice
horsey's cum. Drink it down like a good girl, and maybe we won't send the nag
to the glue factory. Don't you like the taste of his nice gooey jizz?
Wouldn't you like us to publish this picture in your high school yearbook?
Wouldn't that be a treat? Can't you just see it now?" Still the white liquid
dripped and fell, from the bowl.

     "'Susan Flaherty. Cheerleader, Student Council member, and horse cum
drinker. Her greatest ambition is to crash the Kentucky Derby.'" Eva laughed.
"What would your boyfriend do if he saw you now, little princess? Would he
barf in disgust? Or you think he might be man enough to come here and make
you suck him off? Do you do that? Do you suck him off every Saturday night
after the football game? WELL DO YOU!"  Eva slapped the girl's tits, hard.
Susan coughed and spit cum back up.

     "N-no"

     SLAP! The sound life heavy bowl being smacked into Susan's ribcage
brought a jump to Jessica's sweating tody. SMACK! Again and again.

     "Are YOU sure you don't suck him off at all?" threatened Eva again.

     "Yes, yes, I do, I do, I suck him off a lot."

     "Good. Now tell us what you are."

     The girl was silent.

     "Do you want more?"

     "I..I'm Jessica.. cock sucker." Smack. Just hard enough to jiggle her
tits. "I..I suck cock all day and all night."  Smack. The girl was getting
delirious with the pain and humiliation now, her spirit almost broken. "Yes,
fuckme, fuckyou, I'm Jessica.. cock sucker, and a cum drinker, and doll slut,
whore, pig fucking, slut bitch, cocksucker. Fed me cum, you bitch. I want it
more. Fuck my ass, fuck my pussy, fuck me, fuck me, let me suck cum. I'm a
cum slut.  Fuck me. OH GOD IM COMMMMINGGGG!!!!" The girl spasmed, as Eva
rammed the dildo in and out of her bruised snatch.

     "YES FUCK ME FUCK ME GIVE ME THAT CUM I want it. I want it all. Fuck me,
cum on me, cum on my face, cover my fuckface, make me drink your cum." Susan
was babbling as wave after wave of the humiliating torture-induced orgasm
passed over her.

     "Oh god.. I want that horse cum yes, fuck me I'll drink that cum, piss,
shit, fuck, oh shit, I love cum, I want cum, more, more, more...." Susan's
voice trailed off in hoarseness and exhaustion.

     "Oh good. I'm so glad to hear you say that." said Eva calmly. "Because
we just happen to have a bit more. You know, " she said, walking out of the
picture temporarily. "There's one good thing about living on a farm. You can
always find some horny animal to cum for you. You know your Daddy's big prize
bull? Well, guess what you little cum drinking fuck slut?"  She walked back
into the camera's range. "We've got even more for you!" So saying, she held
up the back of Susan's head and brought a large bottle that looked like a
Thermos jug to Susan's lips.

     "Here, baby, have some cow cum!" Eva giggled. Susan burbled and choked
as the other woman forced steer's semen into her mouth and all over her face.
Jessica was astonished to see Susan actually gulp and swallow.

     "OHMY GOD She's swallowing sperm from an animal.." she whispered. Eva
looked at her and smiled, knowingly.

     Susan continued to drink from the thermos as Eva tilted it up, drenching
the young girl from forehead to tits with the creamy textured ejaculate. Eva
continued to move the dildo in and out of Susan's cunt. As the thermos
emptied, Eva moved out of the picture. The camera zoomed in to fill the frame
completely with Susan's drenched face. Her eyes stared back, zombie-like. Her
entire face and neck were covered with sperm. She gulped once, then opened
her mouth. The camera caught the huge pool of semen filling her cheeks and
flowing over her tongue. Susan pushed some of it out over her lower lip, then
shoved her tongue through the gooey mess. Then she closed her mouth again and
swallowed, her eyes dull and unfocused. Her mouth drooled open, and small
streamers of semen and saliva dripped from the corner of her lips, as the
camera stayed focused on her face. The cum on her forehead and eyebrows,
gradually started to bubble and drip down her cheeks and nose. For fully five
minutes, Jessica watched spellbound as the camera recorded every detail of
this young girl's total humiliation. Finally she spoke, in a voice hoarse and
dead.

     "I love cum."  The camera pulled away a bit. "Feed me cum." As the
 camera dollied back and began to fade away, the room reverberated with the
 girl's cries.

     "I WANT CUM! I NEED CUM! PLEASE! PLEASE! JUST GIVE ME CUM! I WANT THE
CUM! PLEASE? PLEASE? PLEASE, DADDY?"


     Jessica felt her stomach heave as the scene faded out. "How can you do
that to that poor girl?" she cried to Eva, "How can you do that?"

     Eva just looked at her. "Lissen you bitch. You're here to be taught a
 lesson, and don't you forget it." Jessica was suprised at how fast Eva could
 switch in and out of her moods. "You've been brought here to learn to be a
 slave to your master, to do whatever he or she wants you to. You'll fuck
 what they say, suck what they say, and do whatever they want, or the
 punishment, you'll find, is far worse. No one ever died from this, but there
 may be a time when you'll wish you were dead." she hissed. "Now get up!"

     Eva's hand roughly pulled Jessica to her feet. She had forgotten that
she'd been shackled at the ankles and had the chain and collar around her
neck. She teetered on the high heels, blushing suddenly as the lights came
back up in the room. She and Eva were sitting towards the rear of the room.
All the male heads in front of them turned to look.

     "Gentlemen. Your relief tonight will be supplied by our newest prize.
This is slave Jessica."  Eva began. "You may fuck her in any hole, or use the
cane, or both. Do not mark her though, as she hasn't completed the
initiation." She turned to give a hard, cold look at Jessica. "You will do
what they require. You can cry and scream all you like, in fact some of them
prefer it."  She pushed Jessica into the middle of the room.

     As she stumbled forward, Jessica saw the men clear the furniture out of
the middle of the room, until a circle of large chairs surrounded a cleared
space about 10 feet across. Into this area several pairs of hands pushed the
terrified young wife.

     A man stepped forward. "I gotta fuck this bitch right now or I'll
fuckin' explode!" He pushed Jessica down onto her back, forcing her wrists
and arms behind her painfully. A set of keys unlocked her ankle chain, and
Jessica fought unsucessfully to keep her legs together. Strong hands won, and
pulled her legs wide apart; so wide that Jessica almost fainted with the
sudden pain. Her legs were stretched so far apart the Jessica could feel her
thigh muscles begin to creak with the effort. The first man quickly lowered
his pants and pulled a hard cock from his undershorts. He simply fell on
Jessica and pushed his cock into her dry vagina. The pain was unbearable.
Jessica had never before been so shocked and violated. The rapist forced
himself back and forth in her channel, lubricating more with his sweat and
pre-cum than with any of her natural juices.

     Jessica cried out with the pain, but the men ignored her. She twisted
her body, but the movements only seemed to spur the man raping her on.

     "Yeah, slut, move that pussy, shake your fuckin' ass for me." he grunted
as he pummelled again and again at her. "Yeah, I'm gonna blow my fucking wad
right up your tight  cunt, and then watch somebody else fuck it back out
again."

     "Hey Jack, roll her over.  I want a crack at her ass." Despite her
protestations, the man fucking Jessica did just that, rolling over onto his
back and pulling her upper body down to his; mauling her tits and slobbering
his lips and tongue over her face. She recoiled in horror.

     "Hey, bitch, let me kiss those sweet lips now before they're all covered
with fuckin' slime" he said roughly. He forced his lips down over Jessica's.
Suddenly she stiffened. She felt hands pull her ass cheeks apart and a
pushing sensation at her virgin asshole. She tried to scream out into the
mouth covering hers, but only a grunt escaped. The cock at her rear insisted
on entry. She groaned and felt a pop as the head slimed it's way past her
clutching sphincter. Inch after inch of the prick pushed its way into her
rectum. Jessica had never felt such pain. Tears flowed as her body was
violated in this new way. The cock sawed its way back and forth, rubbing
against the one already invading her vagina through the thin membrane
separating her cavities. She arched her back, and tried to force the terrible
invader from her body, but her movements only forced the twin shafts in
deeper and deeper.  The man below her savagely thrust his hips up off the
floor, pushing deeper and deeper into her pussy. Jessica felt the head of his
cock mash against her cervix, imbedding itself into her womb.

     As Jessica arched, her head came up. Two strong hands grasped her hair,
and she was mortified to see a large cock present itself for her oral
attentions. A hand pinched her nose and forced her to open her mouth to
breath. As she did, the cock pushed over her lips and into her mouth before
she could protest. Now she was truly violated... her every hole occupied by
hard male flesher man body little more than a receptacle for their desires.

     Suddenly she felt the branding fire-hot pain life whip as someone began
switching her tender hack. Streaks of agony shot through her young body as
the whip was applied. She screamed in pain and humiliation. Sobs wracked her
slim body. Suddenly the man below her stiffened and shoved his cock fully up
into her pussy, his cock firing salvo after salvo of hot sticky cum directly
into her uterus. The vibrations set off the man in her ass, whose face
Jessica had never even seen. The cock invading her there dumped its load of
sperm into her bowels. The cock in her mouth shuddered just seconds later,
adding it's volume to the fluid already forcibly injected into her resisting
body. Jessica felt the hot salty taste wash over her tongue and gulped
involuntarily.

     Three more men took their places, and then three more, and three more,
and three more. Jessica felt the sperm leaking from her bloody and torn
asshole and pussylips. Her lips were caked with drying sperm. Her body could
fight the intruders no more, and she limply lay and let the men push and
twist and turn her any way they wished. She was like a rag doll in their
hands. Cocks spit at her face and breasts, bathing her with the warm fluid.
On her back, on her stomach, on hands and knees, bent over the arm of a
chair. Jessica felt their touch, Jessica was raped over and over by the men.
It sermed to never stop. She was sure that several of the men attacked her
two or three times. She swallowed load after load of sperm. Her pussy
literally swam in the ejaculate of the men. It dripped down the insides of
her thighs and down from her face to her breasts. She was whipped several
times.

     The attacks continued. It seemed that Jessica had been tortured for
hours. She lost track of all time. Her body just responded limply. At one
point she saw five cocks aimed at her face, shooting streams of semen at her
almost at the same moment. It flew, stinging, into her eyes and mouth and
nose. One man forced his erupting cock into her ear, pulsing jets of cum
painfully into her.  Her once-beautiful face was crisscrossed with the
outpourings of the men. Cum drooled from her forehad and eyebrows, leaked
from her lips, drooled from her nose, dribbled from her pussy and ran from
her ass. It caked in the valley between her tits, and along her arms and
legs. Her lower belly felt like lt was on fire, the pain was so terrible. She
had no tears left.

     Jessica passed out at least once, and awoke only when some new intruder
shoved a stiff cock into her unresisting body. At one point two of the men
ejaculated into her lower openings and then scooped, the runny cum from her
and smeared it into her face. She dimly heard the taunts and yells of the men
as they ravaged her body unmercifully.

     Finally it seemed that they were done. Four men, three men, two men,
then just one man was left standing. Jessica was curled up on the floor, cum
leaking in rivers from all her openings. She was only semi- conscious. She
had swallowed or had blasted into her face 34 ejaculations. Nearly 40 men had
dropped their loads into her bruised and abused vagina. Between 15 and 20 had
ejaculated hot sperm enemas into her now swollen rectum. Lines of white cum
lay drying, criss crossing her breasts and shoulders and tummy, legs and ass.
Then she came to, as the last man grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up
into a sitting position. She felt hands prop her up as she wavered
uncontrollably from side to side. The last man stood in front of her and
aimed his trembling cock at her unseeing face. A hand reached around her neck
and pulled her chin down. Droplets of cum drooled from her mouth, dripping
wetly onto the slope of her breasts. Then the man grunted and began pissing.

     He pissed directly into her open mouth. The hot shock broke Jessica's
daze. She closed her mouth and gulped involuntarily, swallowing the acrid
urine. Her stomach heaved. The yellow stream continued bathing her face,
washing the dried and wet cum alike, from her features. The hand pulled her
chin down again, and the wave of pee was directed again into her open mouth.
It splashed wetly around in her mouth. Jessica gargled it, her body rebelling
against this last humiliation. eventually the stream slowed. The man stepped
forward, pushimg the head of his cock into her wet sticky mouth. She closed
her lips numbly around it.

     "I think she may be about done for the night. Tie her back up and leave
her here. We'll pick up again tomorrow."

     And they did. --


                      The Conversion of Jessica Part Four

     Jessica woke dazed and sore, and sticky from the layers of dried cum
that had coated her body. She shivered in pain. Nightmares had tormented her
sleep. She dreamt that she was drowning, but the blue-green sea was replaced
by oceans of white sperm. Every time she raised her head, a wave of milky
semen would crash over it. She kicked her legs and flailed her arms, but to
no avail. Over and over the white storm buffeted her about. Her every muscle
ached and cried out in agony. Choking and coughing, she was tossed and turned
in the relentless tide.

     Gradually her senses returned. She raised her head and looked around.
She was alone in the lounge room; the scene of her gang attack last night.
She had been shackled to large rings anchored in the floor, with a ten foot
length of chain looped through it, passing through ankle cuffs fastened
securely around her bare legs. Every stitch of clothing had been removed from
her. Angry red welts and bruises criss-crossed her back and thighs, and her
breasts felt like thousands of bees had stung her tender nipples. Small
trickles of sperm continued to leak from her abused pussy lips, pooling in a
cold wet puddle on the floor beneath her. Her asshole throbbed, still reeling
from the shock of the multiple massive penises that had invaded her
heretofore private rectum. She cleared her throat, still coated with the
spendings of the men who had ejaculated jet after jet of hot cum into her
mouth. Her tongue and lips felt swollen and sore. Dried cum coated her
eyelids and cheeks, and her hair felt sticky and horrid.

     "Oh God.." she groaned aloud. She couldn't believe this was happening to
her. It had barely been 24 hours since she'd been kidnapped from her safe and
secure home. She hadn't the faintest idea where she was, or what further
punishments and pain were in store for her. She tried to brush the drying cum
from her arms and chest, but her hands had been cuffed together again, and
the six or eight inch chain did not give her much slack to do this well.
Groaning and panting, Jessica tried to get to her feet. Her poor abused body
protested, cracking and stretching as she wobbily got up.

     "Oh lord, what is happening to me here!!" she wailed, collapsing in sobs
as she came fully awake. She put her head down between her knees, falling
back on to her sore ass, and cried. After a few minutes, Eva came stalking
in.  She wore thigh-high shiny black boots, crotchless panties, and a leather
bra outlining her breasts. As usual, she had the ubiquitous dog collar
fastened around her neck.

     "OK, sperm-face, time to wake up. You smell like shit and dried cum. You
need a bath. You've got a lot of work ahead of you today, and times-a-
wasting."

     Eva strode over to where Jessica lay huddled over and, grasping the
collar around Jessica's neck, pulled her roughly to her feet. Jessica cried
out at the sudden pain.

          "Oh shut up, you fucking slut, you haven't even been worked over
yet. You'll have plenty of fucking time to scream your ass off later on,
bitch!" Eva half-pushed, half-dragged the whimpering wife into a long hallway
and down a short flight of stairs. She switched on a series of overhead and
wall mounted lights. The room brightened. It was dominated by a large padded
table, similar to a doctor's examining table, but at least 3 times wider.
Stirrups for legs were at one end. The other end had a lump about 4 inches
high running lengthwise across the table. Rings for chain attachments were
midway down the table and also at the foot end. The stirrups could be folded
out of the way if the patient's legs were desired to be flat on the surface
of the table. There were also numerous straps and bonds attached firmly to
the contraption. A large zippered opening dominated the lower half of the
table. It was about 12 inches long.

     Eva pushed Jessica towards a small sunken depression in the floor near
one wall. She locked Jessica's hand cuffs into rings placed high in the wall,
stretching her body up until it was nearly off the floor. Jessica's sore bare
feet were painfully stretched. She shivered as her naked back and buttocks
were pressed against the cold tile.

     Eva walked back up to her. A long rubber hose was in her hands. "Ok,
bitch, hold on." Suddenly a freezing cold stream of water gushed out of the
nozzle, spraying Jessica. She screamed with the shock, her body twisting and
writhing with the pain. The cold jets of water felt like millions of tiny
needles pricking her body. Eva ran the water up and down over Jessica's
tortured body over and over, ignoring the cries and screams of the captured
wife. Jessica sobbed in pain and anger at the rough treatment. She wasn't
prepared for what Eva did next.

     Eva lowered the water pressure just a bit, then walked up to Jessica and
insinuated the cold brass nozzle of the hose into Jessica's cunt lips. Then
she opened up the pressure again. Jessica felt the shock of the icy water
spurting up into her cervix and nearly passed out from the pain. Waves of
cold nausea rode over her. Her pelvis slammed back against the tile, trying
in vain to dislodge the icy invader.

     "OH FUCK OH JEEZUS THAT'S COLD PLEASE STOP STOP STOP"  Jessica yelled,
bucking and banging against the tile. She succeeded only in allowing Eva to
further insinuate the nozzle into her. The water running down from her pussy
was tinged a light pink with blood and creamy sperm. Eva kept up the devilish
douche for several minutes, flushing all the previous nights emissions from
within Jessica's vagina.

     "Next!" she then gruffly said, pulling the nozzle from the front hole
and pushing the tip of it into the rear, pulling Jessica's waist out from the
wall. Jessica clamped down, tightening her buttocks, trying to keep the
freezing cold nozzle from entering her rectum. SLAP SLAP! Eva backhanded her
across the face twice in rapid succession, bringing fresh tears to her face.
"Open up, bitch, or I'll cram this so far up your ass the water'll come out
your nose!" Jessica relented a bit, and the hose end pushed past her tired
sphincter. The cold shock in her rectum caused Jessica to shiver all over,
her body and nerves reaching the breaking point once again. Jessica felt the
freezing water pulse up into her abdomen. Eva kept the nozzle up in her a few
seconds, then withdrew it.

     "Push it out!" she said, and Jessica complied, expelling dirty brown
water. Again the nozzle went in, and again Jessica was instructed to push the
slowly cleansing fluid out. After half a dozen frigid enemas, Eva felt the
passage was as clean as it was going to get. She withdrew the hose and walked
to put it down. Jessica shivered uncontrollably, her body dripping with cold
water, her vagina and rectum violated with the nozzle. Eva returned to unsnap
her shackles from the wall and led the quaking housewife to the padded table
in the center of the room.

     As the two women neared the table, two burly men came into the room.
Wearing white smocks and slacks, they hoisted Jessica up to the table. Rough
white towels dried her body off. The two men massaged some sort of lotion
into Jessica's body, and for once the feeling of the hands on her felt almost
pleasureable. Strong hands kneaded her flesh, massaging her aching muscles
and helping to absorb the warm lotion. Then her arms and legs were strapped
onto the table. A leg spreader kept her ankles over four feet apart. One man
massaged her pubic mound with what turned out to be a shaving lotion, the
other spread it over her legs. She was shaved clean from armpits to the soles
of her feet. The men took liberties with her exposed tits, pausing now and
then to tweak her nipples and roughly cup her breasts. But they didn't speak
a word through the entire time.

     Finally they finished, cleaning up the wet towels and drying Jessica
completely. Jessica felt a breath of warm air wash over her as the heat in
the room came on with a vengence.

     "Can't have you catching cold, now, can we?" said Eva as she walked back
into the room. "Time for some stretching exercises and conditioning."  She
pulled Jessica's legs up into the stirrups, fastening them tightly to the
cool metal braces. Jessica crotch was completely exposed. Eva reached under
the table and produced what appeared to be a large, flesh colored dildo.
However, it had a thin tube attached to the base which snaked back down under
the table. "This is our first inflatable device today. We'll start you off
with five inches, and see how far you last from there." Eva cackled evilly.

     She bent over Jessica's form, using the fingers of one hand to spread
her labia. She began pushing the monstrous dildo into Jessica's battered
vagina. The lubrication helped. Jessica felt as though someone was pushing a
fence post into her. She grunted and yelped with pain, but Eva ignored her
and continued her efforts until the dildo was completely immersed. It was at
least 10 inches long, and Jessica felt the tip of it press against her
bruised cervix. Before Eva even began inflating it, Jessica felt that she
would soon split in half from the huge prick. Eva picked up a dial and slowly
twisted it. Jessica felt the dildo balloon inside of her, stretching the
walls of her cunt even more. The dildo filled with air, even though Jessica
pushed back down at it as hard as she could. After several minutes, Jessica's
eyes began to tear with the pain. Finally Eva shut the hissing valve off.

     "Ok, six inches. I decided to go an even half-foot, just to see if you
could take it. I figured that you got quite a bit of exercise out of that
little pussy last night, and six inches wasn't too hard now was it?" she
said, patting Jessica on the head.

     "Now, what we are going to do is start the conditioning. This is the
first step in the training."  She turned around and snapped her fingers.
Instantly, a very young girl, completely naked, walked into the room. She
couldn't have been more than fifteen or sixteen years old. She walked up to
the table, and Jessica craned her head to get a good look at her. She was
blonde, with breasts just starting to blossom, and slim hips. Her legs were
long and polished like marble with muscles.

     "Katy, begin the treatment. Concentrate on clitoral stimulation, but use
the dildo if you need to. Take 30 minutes to bring her up, then call us back
in. I'll start to prepare the guys."

          "Yes, Mistress" whispered the girl, bowing her head. She proceeded
to duck under the table, and Jessica heard Eva pull the zipper back. Then the
girl pushed her head up from under the table. Eva closed the zipper back
until the young girl's neck and head protruded from the table, then locked
the zipper closed so it couldn't be opened back any further. Katy's head was
just inches form Jessica's throbbing cunt. The young girl leaned forward and
began lightly tongueing the top of Jessica's labia, coaxing her clitoris up.
Jessica thought that nothing could turn her on after the horror of the last
twelve hours, but despite that, felt herself begin to respond. Katy sucked
the clit up into her mouth and began milking it back and forth, teasing with
her tongue and lips. She was an expert at cunnilingus. Jessica heated up and
started to respond, moaning and groaning. Everytime she approached a peak,
Katy would stop or slow down. This went on for several minutes, each time
Jessica neared orgasm, Katy would recognize this and slow down or stop. About
15 minutes into the exquisite torture, Katy pressed a button under the table
the the dildo in Jessica's vagina began to pulsate. This new feeling felt
marvelous to the abused and tired woman on the table. Katy's expert tongue
and lips, and the grotesque yet infuriatingly pleasureable dildo, began to
take Jessica to the climax. As she began to shudder, Katy stopped everything.
Jess exhorted her to go on, but Katy simply waited a few mintes for Jess to
simmer down, and then began all over again. After several repeats of this
torture, Jessica thought she would burst if she wasn't allowed to orgasm
soon.

     She moaned and whimpered in pleasure, the first real enjoyment she'd had
since the awful experience began the day before. She was only dimly aware of
the re-entry of Eva and the two towel-clad men. Eva walked up to the table
and went to Jessica's head. She quickly strapped on a hood-like device that
fastened around the back of her neck and attached to the table, then fitted
the tighly bound chin strap and neck brace. When she was done, Jessica's
mouth was bound open and exposed, and she couldn't close it, no matter how
hard she tried. Her jaws were not forced wide apart, just a matter of a few
inches separated her lips. Jessica even found she could swallow if she tried.
But her lips were indeed separated. The two men came up to stand on either
side of her head. Eva removed their towels, and Jessica saw the reason for
their employment. Each man had a penis that was at least 10 inches long, and
was swollen with desire. Hairless crotches allowed her to view large balls
hanging low in their scrotums. Obviously Eva had been working on them for the
past half hour, as their cocks trembled with desire. Each man slowly fisted
his cock. They stepped up, their cock head pointing at each other, directly
over Jessica's now forced-open lips. She trembled with the thought of what
she was afraid would happen.

     "Now, Jessie baby, what we're going to do is let you cum a couple of
times. But each time you do, one of your boyfriends here is going to shoot a
load of sperm into your mouth which you will swallow like a good little slut,
ok? I don't want to have to clean any of it off your face or the floor, so be
sure that they jerk off into your mouth, is that clear?" Eva said.

     Jessica nodded her head. Gagging at the thought of even more sperm
filling her stomach, she glumly accepted the defeat. Of course, it didn't
occur to her that the ejaculations she'd swallowed since yesterday morning
had been the only thing in her stomach since then. Katy bent down to her task
again. Jessica closed her eyes and resisted the feelings, but Katy was too
much of an expert - gradually her heat built up. Jessica felt the tremblings
begin way down at the tips of her toes, and opened one eye. The men on her
side were shifting back and forth.

     Then it hit, almost taking her by suprise. Jessica's pussy convulsed
around the dildo in it, Katy swiped and bit at her clitoris, and a huge
orgasm wracked Jessica's body. At the instant the climax hit, one of the men
grunted and Jessica tasted a hot stream of cum, striking her tongue and
inside cheek. She gulped and swallowed open-mouthed.

     "Pretty impressive, eh?" cackled Eva. "They can shoot on command. A
little bit of hypnotism, a little bit of training, and a lot of practice. Old
fuckers in China have been doing it for years, they say..."

     A few seconds passed, and Katy continued to work on her. Jessica felt
the sensation building up again, and this time could almost feel the climax
build and crash. Her clit vibrated against the young girl's lips, and she
clenched her fists as the shudders started again. Once more she flushed and
grunted as the marvelous feeling hit. This time, the man on the other side of
her head moved his cock to just over the opening of Jessica's lips and
directed a strong stream of semen into her mouth at the exact instance
Jessica's climax hit her. She bucked in the straps. He shot again, the white
hot liquid splattering against her tongue and coating the teeth on her lower
right jaw. A third climax hit her, and the same man directed, with a grunt,
the longest stream yet, onto the back of her tongue. Jessica swallowed the
mass of semen down once more, feeling it cool as it slid down her throat.

     Now Katy really took off. She captured Jessica's trembling clitoris
between her lips and waggled her pointed tongue across it, sucking and biting
at the same time. She cranked up the buzzing of the artifical phallus in
Jessica's cunt. Jess felt another orgasm build. She'd never been multi-
orgasmic before, usually two or three was her limit. But this would be the
fourth, and she knew somehow they would continue this treatment until she
virtually passed out.  Again she jumped against the strong bonds holding her
down as the powerful orgasm flew from her clit outward. The first man to
shoot again plastered her mouth with sticky white sperm, which she dutifully
swallowed. She was beginning to get used to it.

     The cycle continued for several minutes. Katy would bring her to an
mind-shattering orgasm, and at the exact moment that it struck one of the two
men at her head would innundate her mouth with cum, which she swallowed. 10,
12, fifteen times she came strongly; 10, 12, fifteen squirts of sperm landed
in her pretty mouth. One part of her mind detached itself as she wondered how
these men managed such total self-control. Yet here was the proof, sliding
across her tongue and down into her tummy. Finally she could take no more.
Her over-sensitized clit throbbed with delicious pain. She passed out.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

     When she woke late in the afternoon she was back, shackled to her bed in
the small room she had first been brought to the day before. A young girl
came in to bring some food, which Jessica wolfed down hungrily. Steak,
potatoes, coffee, apple pie and some cool refreshing water was all they
allowed her, but to Jessica it was a feast. She really hadn't had anything in
her mouth except cum and piss for over 24 hours. She felt sore and tired
still, but better than she had in the morning, thanks to the massage and
injections she had been given. The organization that had brought her here
made sure that their women had the physical endurance to bear the trials and
tribulations they were subject to.

     Some time after dark, Eva and another girl came in. The new girl was
dark haired, looking very Polynesian or Eurasian. She was tall, about 5'10",
and very well built. She had enormous breasts that seemed to ride her ribcage
like cement. Long trim legs and shapely hips surrounded a shaven cleft,
shaven like Jessica's and, she realized, Eva's.

     "Jessica, this is Leilani, we call her Lei. She will be your companion
for the next few days. She is free to answer any question you may have, but
be warned, she really doesn't know that much, do you dear? Most of her brains
have been watered down with sperm." Eva snarled, turning to Lei. The new girl
nodded. "Lei is currently our cum swallowing queen. Perhaps that's a position
you might aspire to in the near future. Do you want to tell our little guest
how you got that title?"

     Lei reddened and didn't immediately speak. Eva snapped "Tell her!".

     The girl swallowed hard.

     "I was taken to the Army base near here. I was tied to a mattress,
naked. Vibrating dildos were placed in my vagina and in my rectal passage. I
had been fasting for three days. I had had two enemas and a direutic. There
was virtually nothing in my entire digestive system from lips to anus."  The
clinical terms seemed somehow out of place to Jessica, but she nodded and Lei
continued.

     "Two video cameras were stationed, focusing on my face and mouth.
Starting at 7:00 am, I allowed the soldiers at the base to masturbate and
ejaculate into my mouth, after which I swallowed their emissions. There was
an climax directed into my open mouth approximately once every two and a half
minutes. By noon I had ingested the semen from 150 men. I had orgasmed from
the vibrators over 50 times. I was allowed a brief break to swallow some
toast and crackers and to void my bladder. During the afternoon, the
vibrators were removed, and men were permitted to have intercourse with me,
either vaginally or anally. They were required to wear condoms. The
ejacualate was removed from the condoms into a 12 ounce wine glass. When the
glass was full, I drank it. I swallowed three full glasses. My vagina and
rectum were sore and dry by then, and not pleasant for the men, so for
several hours I again welcomed the soldiers to ejaculate into my mouth. By
7:00 pm, I had ingested somewhat over 300 emissions of semen. The only times
we stopped were when we had to load more tape into the cameras or when I had
to urinate."

     Lei stopped for a breath. Jessica's heart was beating rapidly, and she
gasped involuntarily.

     "The bitch was just getting started. Tell her how many men are on that
base, cum-face." Eva rasped at Lei.

     "There are approximately eight hundred and fifty members of the Army
stationed at that base during peacetime. Each man that visited me was
medically evaluated for any communicable disease. Not all of them were
available, nor were they all interested. At 7:00 pm, after twelve hours of
nearly continuous sperm ingestion. I was again given a small amount of solid
food and allowed to wash my face off. Despite my best efforts, many of the
men were unable to direct each ejaculatory stream into my mouth, and as a
result several emissions remained on my facial skin. At 7:15 I again was
placed on the mattress and the men arriving back at the base from their daily
maneuvers and training were led in. This time each man was to have vaginal or
anal intercourse with me, but was under orders to withdraw and ejaculate into
my mouth. I moved from on my back to on my stomach whenever requested.
Emissions were recorded at the average rate of one every 3.5 minutes. Men not
performing intercourse were allowed to masturbate and direct their emissions
into my mouth by hand. By midnight, I had swallowed the ejaculated semen from
an additional 175 men, and had been performing this task for approximately 16
and a half hours. I had had, myself, over 100 complete and fulfilling
orgasms."

          Again she stopped to let this tale sink in. She looked directly
into Jessica's eyes. "Between the time of midnight and 7:00 the next day,  I
continued to encourage the gentlemen to use my body for their physical
pleasure. Every ejaculation took place by me placing the head of the penis
between my lips and allowing the discharge to take place into my mouth.
Between the hours of 2:00 am and 3:00 am I was permitted to nap lightly.
During that time, several men performed cunnilinguis on me, and also had sex
with me vaginally. They too were required to wear condoms. The combined
ejaculate was placed in the wine glass and I ingested that when I woke. There
were 43 emissions in it. The rest of the night was composed of the men,
singly or in pairs, being masturbated by me and directing their seminal
discharge into my mouth in the above mentioned manner. At precisely 7:00 am
the next day, they were halted."

     "Go on, tell her, tell the fuck slut how much cum you drank." sneered
Eva.

     "Exactly 622 emissions were counted. Based on an average emission size
of three quarters of an ounce, it is believed I swallowed between four
hundred and fify and five hundred ounces of semen. We believe it is a world
record.  I urinated 17 times during that day, and the next. I gained
approximately seven pounds due to the salts and other ingredients present,
which I lost within the next week as the fluids were eliminated or absorbed
into my body. My breasts, however, went from a size 34 B-cup to a size 38-D
cup, at which size they have remained since. I am not sure what caused this.
No other after effects were ever found."

     She finished and continued looking at Jessica. "How's that for some
fucking cum swallowing slut, eh?" cackled Eva.

     "I would go back tomorrow." said Lei gently. "I am completely and
totally addicted to drinking semen. I have been conditioned to orgasm when I
feel semen anywhere on my lips, face, or mouth. I no longer can have an
orgasm through clitoral or vaginal stimulation. I receive approximately 15
discharges a day orally. I have not allowed a man to ejaculate in my vagina
or my rectum for over a year unless they absolutely insist. Most do not. I
have no menstrual cramps at all. My period lasts only two days. I do not
suffer from pre-menstrual tension or any other common female complaint."  She
paused and looked at Eva, then at Jessica.

     "Soon you may be as happy as I."

     Jessica looked at her. Her skin was a rich creamy light brown, her hair
a lustrous black. There appeared to be not an ounce of fat on her. She could
have been a model, except for the over-large breasts. Only her eyes betrayed
her. They were slightly out of focus, almost dull. Jessica shivered.

     "Never." she said.

     "Wanna bet?" cackled Eva.


End of Part Three




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rich Humus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





