BDSM Library - Spanked by Santa




Spanked by Santa
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 2 students working in a 'Santa's Grotto' are punished by the man himself - spankings, the cane, forced exposure, watersports and a shower of cum make them regret their misdemeanours.
Spanked by Santa



	Santa Claus stood before the two women, his body trembling with anger.
In all his twenty years with Stern's department store he had never come across
such a cruel act. Now the two perpetrators were going to pay for their crime.

	It had been a mistake to humiliate the young boy, but boredom had got
the better of them. When he had wet himself in the queue for Santa's Grotto,
Inge had picked him up and said loudly to Carla "Urgh this one's wet himself!"
Instead of containing the situation there and then, Carla had laughingly rushed
into the grotto and repeated the story to Santa. The result had been pandemonium
with children rushing to laugh and jeer at their classmate.

	The damage was irreparable. No matter how many gifts were lavished on
the lad he wouldn't stop crying. Later in the day the boy's irate father had
stormed up to the store and demanded immediate action. He had been told by David
Johnston, deputy manager and store Santa, that the culprits were to be sacked
immediately.

	"They deserve more than that for humiliating my son, they deserve a damn
good thrashing!" the man had replied. Now he stood in the corner of the grotto
as a compromise plan was put into action.

	The two women were new to the country. Inge was a Danish would be
actress and Carla a half English/half Spanish student earning holiday money. She
had been brought up in Spain by her father following her mothers death. Both
needed the money and therefore put up with their frankly humiliating outfits
designed to pull in the crowds.

	Inge and Carla stood before the shouting Santa in those same outfits.
Inge, in brown suede heels, tan tights, a skimpy set of shorts and a green top
was the pixie helper and Carla, all in white including short skirt, stockings
and suspenders was the snow princess.

	Both were shocked when they were offered a spanking rather than the
sack, but they reluctantly accepted. They needed the job, and Carla at least
felt she deserved some kind of punishment. Was this the "English discipline" her
weak father had threatened but never dished out? In contrast haughty Inge had
difficulty accepting she had done wrong. Getting spanked was a typically English
chauvinistic idea; not something her liberal European friends would do. She'd
almost refused, but didn't want to starve.

	So it was that moments later Carla found herself draped over Santa's
lap, skirt raised and pants around her ankles. He spanked her fiercely, and as
the pain splatted into her buttocks she began to writhe and groan. The pain was
unbelievable and the indignity worse still.  Her tanned buttocks quickly turned
rosy red and stung terribly. Her gasps became whines, became squeals and yelps
and she struggled to contain tears that welled in her eyes. With a final barrage
she was pushed to the floor, her skirt and panties removed and stood in the
corner of the room with her hands on her head.

	Inge was next. Santa unzipped her shorts and lowered them to her ankles.
He grinned at the sight that confronted him - Inge was not wearing any knickers!
Her blonde pubes were clearly visible through her nylons. As she blushed
furiously she was pulled sharply over Santa's knee and spanked. Inge's big
buttocks juddered and blotched quickly, her long legs kicked and she cursed
angrily in Danish. She could see the damn boys father surreptitiously rub
himself. It was all the kids fault. She began to whimper between curses. This
was simply awful!

	Ten minutes later both girls stood facing the wall, their bottoms
blazing furiously, their embarrassed faces also red. Worse was to come. They
were stripped of their tops and had their bra cups pulled under their breasts.
Next they were bent over a table, the cold surface stiffening their nipples, and
made to spread their legs.

	In this vulnerable position it was announced that they were each to
receive twelve strokes with a belt. Each man unbuckled theirs, Santa's thick and
wide, the others thin and whippy. They got to work, beating a rapid tattoo on
the hapless girls buttocks. Their yelps and cries were music to the mens ears,
their kicking and writhing a joy to behold. All their secrets were fully
exposed, pussy lips gaping and tensing as the blows rained down.

	When it was over, Carla and Inge were left groaning as their legs were
respread and the men took in the delightful sight. They were being humiliated as
they had humiliated the young boy and both were now desperately regretting their
actions. Fingers poked and prodded and finally parted their labia, pushing deep
into their hot fannies, emphasising the mens control. The violation degraded
them as much, if not more than the spanking.

	When the fingers were finished, Carla and Inge were pulled up and
stripped of all but their nylons and heels. Inges bottom showed a mass of
blotches through the tights whilst Carlas bare buttocks glowed crimson. There
was still more punishment to come though - the cane!

	Reluctantly both women followed instructions and clambered onto the
table, lying flat on their backs. Then they raised and spread their legs and
looked up through parted thighs to see two canes slashing down onto their bare
buttocks. A simultaneous crack was followed by unbelievable pain and by squeals
of despair. Inge covered her eyes and sobbed as the next stroke exploded on her
backside and she heard her shriek mingle with her friends.

	Two strokes down and both women were struggling, taking great gasping
gulps of air. Their composure was further rattled by the cane slashing down once
again. Carla felt so exposed and so sorry for herself. Her buttocks stung
terribly and she was sure she could take no more.

	But take it she would. The fourth stroke caught her on the thighs and
she kicked and screamed, bringing her legs up to her chest and her hands round
to protect herself. She blinked tears as her hands were roughly pulled away.

	Inge was also crying. She was so angry - angry with the boy, with his
father and with herself. The cane bit once more and she shrieked loudly. Before
she had time to recover, the last stroke slashed down onto her thighs and she
collapsed sobbing. Moments later Carla screamed and went limp.

	They were left flopped over the table until their crying subsided. Was
their punishment now over? Almost. They were made to squat in front of their
tormentors, spread their legs and part their labia, exposing their pink moist
vaginas. Humiliation was heightened when they were told to raise their bottoms
off the floor, revealing their anuses.

	Next they were told to stand, legs straight together, hands on head.

	"Right ladies." the boys father ordered "Piss yourselves."

	"No!" Inge protested and the cane slashed onto her thighs. When her
tormented dance had finished she was told to resume her pose.

	"Come on, let's see how much you like wetting yourselves! I'll cane you
every ten seconds until you start."

	They knew they had no choice, and the caning had left them in need of
the toilet. With a hiss Carla let herself go and urine gushed out.

	"Slower." the man ordered and as she controlled herself she felt hot
urine spread down both her thighs. How humiliating it was to have this man
regulate her bodily functions! The urine began to pool in her stilettos.

	Inge had still not started. The man raised his cane and with a whimper
she started to wet herself. The urine spread quickly through and down her
tights, emphasising how damp she was. Soon Inge too was standing in a pool of
her own urine, looking very shame faced. She noticed with horror that the man
had a camera in his hand and as it flashed away her degradation was captured for
posterity.

	Even that wasn't enough for these fiends. The women were forced to kneel
in their own urine and open their mouths. The reason why soon became evident.
The men pulled their penises out and began to masturbate. Both women began to
sob as showers of sperm covered their faces and slipped down their throats.
Then, as the penises became flaccid, came the biggest degradation of all. They
were used as toilets! The men pissed over their hair, over their faces and into
their mouths. Laughingly they pulled the women down until they were writhing in
the mixed urine and made them rub it into each others bodies. Then, as they
resheathed their penises, they made them kiss and exchange tongues. They left
two humiliated and degraded young women to clean themselves up with a final
warning.

	"If you don't come to work tomorrow we'll show these pictures to your
family and friends!" They were trapped and not for the first time regretted
taking the mickey out of one little boy.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Loki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





