BDSM Library - L&L Book 2




L&L Book 2
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: More adventures of the Lovely Sharon (baby) with her Master / love Greg as they delve into the lucrative world of S&M Bondage Sites.
Leather & Lace - Book II
Chapter 1 - New Blood
By White Knight

I sat there staring intently at the computer monitor as I pondered how to boost
the hits on our Leather and Lace website.  It had been my brain child to turn
our store site into more than just a place to purchase items but also to show
off different ways to enjoy our products.  My contention was that we needed to
bring in more potential customers to the site and by adding a bondage gallery
section our hits would increase exponentially.

It had started out as a small side item in our special sales section.  Our
colored rope sales were lagging so Greg and I did a few shoots where he bound me
in different positions and in varying forms of lingerie all of which were of
course available through L&L.  After my notoriety of winning the 2004 Bondage
Convention Contest and being named Queen slave had made pictures of me in
bondage in high demand and the websites hits tripled in the first hour that they
were posted.  By the end of the first day we had had 50,000 hits or about ten
time times our normal load.  Over the weekend we were forced to add a second
server to cover the increased volume so that site wouldn't crash.  Harry, the
CEO, wasn't very upset about that being as sales had increase three fold over
the same time period.

I was on cloud nine from all the accolades that were being lavished upon me and
all from just a few dozen pictures!  To make it even better it was Greg's
passion to put me in bondage and take pictures of me and the helpless positions
had there own rewards for me.  Needless to say that this new side line was more
play than work.

For the last three months we had followed up our success with weekly updates. 
From corsets to suspension cuffs we showed the world just how much we enjoyed
playing in the world of bondage and domination.  Week after week our sites hits
increased until we had had to split off the bondage site from the main site and
make it a pay site in order to reap the full benefit.  We still posted free
thumbnails on the sales site but the new L&L Bondage Site was where the full
sized photo's could be seen or downloaded.  We had even started making
mini-movies which seemed to be all the rage now on bondage web sites.

Regardless of all of our best efforts though the sites hits were starting to
decline and that was the cause of my worry as I pondered the computer screen
before me.

'Oh, that's great baby', Greg said enthusiastically as the flash of his camera
blinked brightly to my left.  'Just keep that frown.  It shows up perfectly
around your ball gag and gives you a fantastic pensive look!'

I turned to him and raised my chained wrists putting my palms up and shrugging,
'Fabulous, baby, just fabulous.'  After many months of being Greg's personal
model I knew just what he was looking for and it always thrilled me to give it
to him.  That boyish smile of delight that showed me how much he enjoyed owning
me was to me as blood to a vampire or screaming fans to a rock star.

Besides all work and no play would make Sharon a very dull girl, so bringing the
two together was just perfect.  Greg had had me dress in our deluxe French Maid
costume complete with petticoats, ruffled white panties and lacey finger gloves. 
My coiffed hair was topped with a little starched lace head piece and my legs
were covered in textured black fishnets.  The miniscule skirt was fronted by the
even smaller white lace apron and my boobs were nearly bursting out of there all
too small cups.

Now that alone would probably have been enough for a good shot a few months back
but now we needed to entice our audience with even more.  So Greg had taken it
up a notch and had named this shoot working at home.  The maids outfit was my
uniform of the day and I had been chained to my work.  Chrome cuffs surrounded
my wrists and ankles both of which were connected to each other by short lengths
of gleaming chain. 

Greg had found one of those ergonomic secretaries chairs which forced me to sit
up straight backed on the stool, while my calves rested against the padded bars
and my ankles dangled ten inches off the ground behind my back.  Their chain was
lashed behind the stools central pedestal support which of course meant that I
couldn't move unless he released me.  Judging from the amount of shots he was
taking of my feet bound in our new seven inch cross strap sandals I didn't think
that that would be anytime soon.

I turned back to the computer console and rested my wrist against the edge of
the desk.  The chain joining my wrists had shifted to mostly one side of the
eye-bolt that secured it just below my keyboard so I centered it before
returning to my thoughts.  In the process one of my cuffs snagged the chrome
chain hanging from my nipple clamps making me wince in pain until I could free
it.

'Perfect, baby, great face', Greg said as the flash fired.

I ignored his comment and went back to thinking about the declining hits that
our site was receiving.  I was still a hot property and obviously people liked
looking at what Greg had in mind for me week after week, but even with our best
efforts such as today, it was only a matter of time until we faded like
thousands of other sites before us. 

Damn, I had to figure a way to turn this around or this new income stream that I
had created for the company would dry up like a desert lake bed.  But, what
could we add to spice up the site?  Add more S&M and show Greg whipping and
spanking me?  Hmmm, the idea did hold some appeal, but even that would only be
holding off the inevitable.  As I flipped through other bondage sites trying to
see what they do differently it became abundantly clear what we needed to do.

'Eeww ooouudd!' I shouted excitedly around the huge two inch rubber ball which
spread my ruby colored lips to the near breaking point.

'New blood?' Greg asked.  'Did you cut yourself somehow?'

I shook my head in the negative and said, 'Oo.  'a ite eeds ew ooud!'

'Oh, the site needs new blood', Greg replied.  His ability to understand gag
speak was legendary, but it took a few seconds for my words to sink in.  'Hold
on a minute there baby, you're my only model.  We've got a monogamous
relationship and it's staying that way, just like Dad and Cassy.'

'ake ot a ag' I told him as I gave him a dirty look.  He removed my gag as I had
requested and I worked my jaw to loosen the tortured muscles.  'I'm not
suggesting opening up our relationship Master, what I meant was that we need
fresh faces to entice back our clientele.'

'But you are gorgeous, what more could they want then to see you bound in
gloriously compromising positions?'  Greg replied disgustedly.

'Thank you for that Master', I replied, 'but it wouldn't matter if I were the
most beautiful woman in the world our audience will sooner or later get tired of
looking at me.  So if we want our site to continue to grow we are going to have
to start thinking outside of us.'

'How about some of L&L's models?'  Greg suggested.

'That would get to expensive if we had to pay a model for a weekend shoot.  No,
we need really new blood.  Girls that have never been into bondage but are just
looking to make a few extra bucks.'  I said thoughtfully.  'You know some big
breasted college co-eds.' I watched his eyes glaze overly thoughtfully.  'Of
course I'll be there every step of the way, in fact I may even have you teach me
how to be the shoot wrangler.  Heck, what could be hotter than me decked out in
sexy clothes tying up our itsy bitsy co-eds.'

'And just how pray tell are you going to find all these sexy young things that
are going to be willing to pose for our site?'

You let me worry about that.  Once I figure it out I be the first to tell you.


Brunette with pony tail, jogging across the street.  Her huge breasts jut
forward yet hardly bounce at all and her pert little bottom looks great in her
tight white shorts.


I had her dress in a black textured body stocking that left very little to the
imagination and then let Greg have her.  Immediately he ordered her hands behind
her back where he bound them with white nylon rope at the wrists. She began to
complain when he bound her elbows together, not realizing that he was being very
kind to leave them nearly six inches apart.  My Master is truly adverse to
complaints and quickly settled that by applying a particularly nasty white
leather harness gag.  I hated the way that it forced the ball so far back in my
mouth and from the way Tara was wincing I suppose she felt the same.

Ah well, the poor lass had been told that she would be bound for up to four
hours to earn her two hundred dollars.  Her eyes looked at me imploringly as she
teetered about the room in her five inch heels.  They were the highest heels
that she could manage and Greg wasn't taking that at all well.  Greg had made it
part of our sites motto that I would always be shod in the highest heels
available and now he had to deal with an inept amateur that couldn't even stand
in six inch heels.

His dissatisfaction was easily seen in the rough way that he had bound poor
Tara's breasts.  The simple lasso slipped around the base of her huge breasts
had been tightened until they resembled red balloons that were near bursting. 
When I first met her I couldn't believe that they hadn't been augmented but she
had assured me that all of the forty-eight double d's were purely from mother
nature.  I'm sure now that this was a good thing as I'm not sure how well
implants would have held up to Greg's non to tender mercies.

Greg forced her to walk about the room by pulling on first one roped breast and
then the next while the whole scene was recorded by both digital camcorder and
three separate digital cameras.  Her pained facial expressions and little
whimpers that made it through her gag were all that I could have wished for as I
watched the computer monitors split screen record each and every shot.

As I watched my Master stop her and than tie her legs together at the ankles and
knees I realized that her pictures were portraying something that I could not. 
Fear.  Plain and simple fear.  Fear of falling on her face from being bound
standing in heels that she could barely walk in.  Fear of what the man before
her was going to do with that white leather crop that he flicked at her from
time to time.  Fear simply of the unknown.

Thinking of the hundreds and thousands of pictures that Greg had taken of me and
I couldn't think of one that simply smelled of fear.  My photo's generally
showed me majestically bound in whatever position my loving Master wanted me in. 
Even my wincing from a crop kissing my rump or a clamp pulling on my nipple was
serene when compared to the lovely captured creature before us.

Greg was coercing Tara into bent over position that offer an amazing view of her
tight little ass when I saw the first tear roll down her cheek.  I'm sure that
pulling her arms up into the air was uncomfortable, especially the way they were
bound so tightly behind her back, but it shouldn't be causing her that much
pain.  Then it hit me.  She was worried about him whipping her with his crop!

'Tara', I called out, 'Relax, I told you that you wouldn't be hurt.  Greg is
just placing you in a position that looks like your going to be whipped.  It's a
real money shot.'  That was all it took and then she began sobbing in earnest. 
She must have barely been holding it together and now the tears were just
rolling down her face.

'Cut', Greg shouted.  'I can't work with her like this.'  Dropping his crop and
ropes disgustedly he stalked over to the water cooler to get himself a drink. 

I ran my fingers through her hair and asker her if she were OK.  She shook her
head in the negative.  'You're afraid of him aren't you?'  This time she nodded,
yes.  'Look if you quit now you forfeit your fee and we still get to keep the
pictures that we've already taken.  Do you think you can pull it together?' 
Again a negative shake of her head.  Damn, that means that we would have to shot
again tomorrow with another young hopeful so that we could meet our site update
time schedule.  Which meant that we would be working through the weekend and
that worse yet, Master wouldn't have any time or desire to play with me!  'Could
you go on if I was the one binding you?  Would you be able to trust me?'  I
asked her quickly trying to think of anything that would keep her from
defaulting and in the process save my love life.  Her head remained still as she
thought it over.  I continued to run my fingers through her hair and I felt her
whole body shudder a bit as she relaxed just a bit.  'How about if we double the
money to four hundred for the four hours, do you think you could make it then?' 
Another shudder ran down her spine and she slowly nodded her head in the
affirmative.  'Alright, give me a few minutes and I'll get this worked out with
the producer.  I'll be right back.'

Right back was a bit of an over statement, as it was probably closer to thirty
minutes until I was back on the set.  Greg had me put on my red and black satin
corset, black seamed stockings, elbow length gloves and six inch spike heel red
patent leather pumps before I was ready to enter the shoot. 

Stepping around the cameras I spied Greg sitting on a stool.  As I got closer I
could see that he was animatedly talking to Tara, who had been shielded from my
sight by his body.  The way she was leaning forward on her seat made sure that
he couldn't miss her huge jutting breasts.  She was eating up every word he
uttered and with the tip of her pink tongue wetting her lips I could tell that
that wasn't the only thing that she was thinking of eating!  Jesus Christ, she's
blatantly trying to steal my man while I was going out of my way to help her.

I didn't want to let the little vixen see my ire so I planted a smile on my face
and announced my presence by asking my Master, 'What would you have me do with
her for the next shot Greg?'

The dear turned to me without a hint of guilt in his smile, 'Hey baby, I think
I've got Tara back in the right frame of mind.  She's all set for our next
shoot.'  He turned to her, 'Aren't you honey?'

'Oh, yes, now that you've explained everything to me I feel so much better', she
said with syrupy sweetness. 

'Perfect', he said as he got up off his stool and moved it back out of the way. 
He turned to me now all business, 'OK, baby we've got time for two more
positions.  I want to do the standing butt lashing that we talked about and a
hog tie with her wearing ballet boots.'  He went on with more specifics but
while he talked I was looking over his shoulder at Tara's eyes as they took in
and digested his well muscled form with obvious desire.

'Will do', I responded diffidently to my all too innocent husband.  'Alright
Tara let's get this show on the road.  Turn around so that I can bind you hands
behind you.'

'Can't you just go behind me?'  She asked as her eyes continued to follow Greg. 
Obviously she wanted to keep eye contact with him as long as possible.

'No, dear', I said through gritted teeth, 'the camera's are set up this way.'

'Of alright', she grumped and shifted on the stool with her arms presented
behind her.  The wrists went quickly and then I moved up to the elbows.  'Ow.
Ow.  OOOwww!  Hey, what are you doing back there it feels like your trying to
break my back!'

'Just tying you elbows together dear.  It will make for a really excellent shot,
don't worry!'  I'd nearly gotten her elbows to touch which really did a great
job of perking up her bulbous breasts, before her complaints became too loud to
notice.  Well, the stupid little fluff head had that an more coming.  Try and
make time with my man will she!  'Now let's stand up and I'll put on the ankle
cuffs and attach your spreader bar.'  We had briefed her with pictures of me in
similar situations so didn't complain as I helped her to her feet, giving her
arm a more than gentle squeeze in the process.  She flicked a quick look at me,
but only found my smiling face.  The cuffs went on easily, but she moaned and
groaned as I made her spread her legs to accommodate the mere two foot bar. 
Jez, what a cry baby, I thought to myself.

Greg was looking through a telephoto lens lining up potential shots when he
called to me, 'baby you'd best tie her sandals to her feet with stirrups.  She
doesn't look any to steady to me.'  Good God!  First we have to put her in mules
because she can't get comfortable in the pumps we wanted her to wear and now she
can't even balance properly in them.  I kept my grumbling to myself as I grabbed
two six foot lengths of rope and made short work of it.  I grinned to myself and
realized that I had gotten plenty of practice lately as Master had had me do a
number of shoots where I had to tie myself up.  It was a bit backwards like
trying to tie someone else's shoe laces, but when I was finished the twin nylon
ropes criss-crossed beautifully over her arched instep and finished with pretty
bows below her ankle cuffs.  'Excellent baby, that looks great!'  I ate up
Greg's compliments and gave her a shark-like smile as I looked up at her from
the floor.

'What gag did you have in mind?'  I asked innocently as a reached into a box
behind her back and held up a penis harness gag.  Greg smiled at me as he began
to catch on.  I don't think he knew why I had it out for Tara, but it didn't
seem to bother him much that I did.

'Oh, I think the penis gag would work best', he replied as if it were his own
idea.  'Make sure that you take plenty of time putting it in... you know her
licking it the fake penis, giving it a kiss, that kind of thing... then slide it
in nice and slowly.'

'You heard the man', I told her with a smile.  'Now bend your head down as if
you were bowing to it and give it some nice slow licks and kisses just as if you
were going to blow it.'

She did what she was told, but you could tell that she had her reservations. 
That all changed when Greg stepped behind me and into her view.  Her eyes raised
themselves and then she smiled and I saw the flash burst out of the corner of my
eye.  'Hmm, just as if I was giving this thing a blow job, eh?  Well, it isn't
very BIG she pouted, but I'll do my best.'

I felt like picking up the crop and whipping her until she bled!  Just wait till
that four inches of hard rubber hits the back of your throat and then tell me it
not very big, I railed to myself as she pursed her pink cotton candy lips above
the life like looking penis.  She kissed the head with fervor and than her
tongue darted out and be began to lick its way up and down the pole that I held
out to her.  Tara was really going at it as her eyes strayed behind me every so
often to look for Greg.

'That's just great honey', Greg said as he took shot after shot.  'I suppose
from this little demonstration that you are no stranger to the oral arts.'

Tara slowly licked her way back up to the top of the rubber cock and said
sexily, 'I've found that most men can't resist my great body, but none of them
can resist a great blow job!'

Greg chuckled and that almost made me lose my calm.  'I take it that turns most
men to putty in your hands', he laughed.

I flicked the rod at her lips which caused her to glance at me.  Her eyes were
contemptuous as she realized that I had done it on purpose.  'I swallow', I told
her quietly through gritted teeth.

Looking me hard in the eye she knew that the battle had been joined.  Nineteen
years old with a body that would stop traffic had made her cocky.  I could see
it in her eyes, she was going to have Greg and it didn't matter if I liked it
our not.  'So do I', she replied equally softly, 'so do I.'

'OK, baby', Greg said oblivious to the little power play going on right in front
of him.  'Let's get that gag strapped on, I've got plenty of shots of her
playing with it.'

'Open wide', I said with a smile.

'How about you put that thing close to my lips and I'll suck it into my mouth',
she said loudly enough for Greg to hear, 'it should make for a great shot. 
Shouldn't it?'

'Sounds great', Greg exclaimed.

Gritting my teeth I held the white cock up against her pursed lips.  The head
went in with a slurping sound and then she sucked for all she was worth.  I was
so surprised that I nearly lost my grip on the leather base when the thing
seemed to jump into her mouth.  Good Lord, she was a human vacuum cleaner!

'That was incredible', Greg yelled, 'and I've got it all on tape.  Man 'oh man,
is that one going to make every one of member's cream or what!' He scrambled
around back of the computer console.  'You finish strapping her up baby, I've
just got to see that again.  Damn, I haven't seen anything like that since Darla
Craig made love orally to a dildo while she was bound.'

She looked at me smugly like the cat that had swallowed the canary.  The white
round leather base was hard up against her lips, which meant that she had taken
all four inches in without even a hint of annoyance.  That burned me also
because I knew that when that hard rubber hit the back of my throat it always
made me gag until I could control my automatic reflexes.  I slipped the harness
over her head and watched as the white leather pushed her gorgeous brunette
locks tight against her head.
'He's mine', I told her softly still maintaining my smile for the cameras that
continued to click on there prearranged schedule.  She just batted her eyes at
me and shrugged her shoulders in a kind of "we'll see" response.  I jerked the
strap tight pushing the penis even deeper down her throat and was rewarded by a
quick bought of gagging, but she overcame it quickly and just glared at me.

With the harness gag firmly in place about her head I picked up a long fold over
piece of rope.  I started putting knots in it about every inch or so.  'Don't
you think it was a tad bit stupid to piss me off before you agreed to be tied up
totally helplessly?'

'Ready for the crotch rope Greg', I asked with a smile and wave to the camera. 
I received an affirmative nod from him and turned back to her.  Her eyes had
just a tinge of fear behind them.  Not quite as frightened as she was this
morning, but the clenching of her bound fists behind her back was also giving
her away.   

(Knotted crotch rope vs non, spreader bar at ankles with white leather cuffs. 
Bind her 5 inch slides to her feet.  A dozen stinging swats with the white
crop.)




Leather & Lace - Book 2
Chapter 2 - The house becomes a home
By the White Knight

'Oh, my God', I exclaimed excitedly, 'you've built a hidden St. Georges Cross
into the wall!'  My fingers dug out each of the rubber plugs that were virtually
undetectable against the expensive dark grained wood that covered the wall. 
Greg had shown me one of the plugs which after it was removed revealed a
threaded metal bolt that was sunk into hard wood.   Then taking an eye shaped
screw from a handy orange bucket had inserted it into the wall and screwed it in
until it was secure.  Knowing what to look for my eyes had scanned the wall and
the realization of what he had done prompted my excitement.

'Sharon, take it easy', Greg said gently as he took the rubber plugs from me one
by one.  'Just leave the wall alone for now, OK?'

'But Greg, this is a beautiful present and I want you to tie me to it now!'  I
told him in my sweetest ingratiating voice.

'I'm glad that you like it, but you should be more careful about topping from
the bottom', he said to me as a bit of steel edged into his voice.  He relented
as his voice softened, 'Besides we haven't moved in any of our clothes...
especially any of your sexy outfits... so this is going to have to wait until a
later date.'

'Oh, but Master, you've built us such a beautiful playroom that has made me
hotter than a torch and I so want you to play with me',  I said seductively as I
sidled up to him and wrapped my arms about his neck.  My cashmere covered
breasts caressed his chest as my fingers played with in his well manicured hair. 
'Could we please... please... please christen the room today?'

'As much as I love seeing you in heat baby, I have made my decision.  I want you
dressed in a corset and heels when we christen this room not some outfit that
you can where on the street!' 

I felt like pouting, but I had learned quickly in our relationship that pouting
only made him even more resolute in his decision.  Also, it more often than not
earned me a punishment that wasn't one that I enjoyed such as washing the car or
mopping the floor.  If he was really mad at me it would be cleaning the floor in
the bathroom with a tooth brush, despite the fact that we had a service that
came in weekly just to do such things.

I backed away from him smiled and posed for him.  'These aren't just any clothes
Master these were picked out especially to keep you hot and excited today.'  I
told him easily as I began to circle him and let my hands roam about my breasts. 
'Don't you like my sweater?' I asked him as ran my fingers over the soft Aztec
gold material.  'It's so tight and warm and yummy... hmm, it's just so sexy. 
Remember when you bought it for me and you had to have me in the dressing room?' 
Greg face remained stern, but he didn't stop me or respond.  My smile shifted
into a seductive leer as I responded to him unconsciously licking his lips. 

My hands slid down to follow the curve of my hips and I gave him a half turn
pose straightened my legs and bent giving him a perfect view of my rear. 
'Aren't these pants tight enough, Master?  The beautiful velvet material hugs my
each and every curve more like a pair of tights that a pair of slacks.  Hmmm,
and the creamy chocolate color would look so wonderful covered with your
wonderful white ropes.'  He was clenching his hands now and I knew I had him on
the ropes.  It was time to hit him where it counts, right in his favorite
fetish.  Straightening I raised a leg, bent at the knee and pointing one foots
toes to the floor.  'Oh, and I thought that you loved these gold Audrey Hepburn
style flats.  With there soft calf-skin leather they look so much like the
ballet slippers that you love having me wear so often when you bind me.  Of
course you, love them darling, why else would you spend $180 on such as flimsy
pair of shoes?'  I flexed my foot in the shoe like a dancer and let his eyes eat
up the way that the soft leather melded itself to my every move.

Putting my hands my hips I faced him with my chest held high and one leg forward
presenting my highly arched limb clad in the exciting flat.  'Please, Master,
would you just love to christen our own private dungeon on the first day that
all of the work has been completed on our dream home?'

Greg's eyes slowly departed from my foot show to glide up my lithe body until he
was once again looking me in the eye.  His stern visage had waned leaving behind
interest... and something more... curiosity, perhaps.  'Hmm, christen the
dungeon you say?'

'Yes, Master.  Wouldn't I look wonderful mounted on your wall like some medieval
trophy?'

'Yes, you would indeed', he replied easily.  With his mind made up he was upon
me in two long strides pulling me helplessly into his embrace as his hungry lips
found mine.  Our feverish tongues explored each other and I sucked on his
lightly drawing it further into my mouth as I would do to his cock.  His
excitement grew and soon his hands were everywhere, seemingly all at once.  I
arched my body into him and delighted in his touch as my breasts, thighs and
crotch were visited by his questing fingers.  Just when I thought that he would
take me right there and then he grabbed me about my middle and heaved me up and
over his shoulder!

I struggled for a second lifting my head and body upwards to try to see what he
had in mind, but a swift spank with his hard hand to my butt quickly convinced
me to lie low with a wait and see attitude.  With me slung over his shoulder, he
carried me through the doorway hidden in the walk-in closet of our bedroom and
out into the bedroom proper.

'Alright then, if we are going to christen our dungeon today then we will do it
correctly', he announced.  'As a groom carries his love over the threshold and
into their home, so should a Master carry his Slave into their private dungeon
for its first christening use!'

'Hmm, sounds yummy to me Master', I purred into his back.

With another sting slap to my rump he turn back and ducking beneath the door
lintels carrier me back into our own private playroom.  Another slap to my butt
and he lowered me back the ground in front of the wall where we had started. 
'You take out all of the rubber plugs and put them in the blue bucket and I'll
start putting in the eye screws.'  I finished well before him and began to help
insert all of the screws.  Six sets for each arm and leg.   Eight sets about the
torso, some more tightly space about where my chest would rest.  Two eyes on
either side of my neck, and two more beneath my crotch for a total of seventy
screws. 

At first my excitement began to ebb as the daunting task began, but as we got
closer and closer to our goal the embers of the fire within me began to flame
once more.  'You keep working', he ordered as he walked to another section of
the wall which opened to reveal another hidden room.  He turned on a light
inside and returned in a moment with what I had come to recognize as one of his
bags of tricks.  The tanned leather shoulder bag contained a host of rope,
restraints, gags and toys.

My eyes flashed over to the other room, he had yet to show it to me and my
curiosity was peaked.  'And just what other secrets do you have within this
beautiful dungeon of ours?'

Glancing at his watch he shook his head and looked up sadly, 'Sorry baby, we
really don't have time for the nickel tour at the moment.  Not if we are going
to play at least... but to be brief there are two rooms hidden off of this room. 
The one that I was just in has a one way picture window size mirror fronting it,
allowing me to set up and take video's whenever I please.  The second is used
for storage of bigger items that I intend to build, such as a hand made bondage
chair, a padded set of stocks and perhaps even our own rack!'

I finished off my last eye nut and turned to him, 'What would you like me to do
now master?'  He tossed me something from his bag and only my quick reactions
allowed me to catch it before it fell to the floor.

'I think that you know what to do with that', he said easily as he began sorting
out the host of ropes that he would be using to bind me to the wall. 

Looking at the butterfly vibrator I smiled and thought to myself that I most
certainly did know what to do with this little item.  Unzipping my pants I
lowered them enough so that I could slide the short studded nub between the lips
of my vagina and positioning it right up against my clit.  Often butterfly's
came with straps but not this one.  This one was controlled by a remote wireless
unit that made it perfect for playing with while you were out and about town. 
Greg had no end of fun with the little gadget that he would use to tease me with
mercilessly while we were at some party or affair.  With a tight pair of thick
satin panties to hold it in place beneath one of my formal floor length gowns,
it was impossible for anyone else to what was making the furors in my brow.  
Ah, but that is a story for another day, for now I zipped back up my pants and
accepted my next present.   A bean bag covered in a light blue silk scarf made
for a very pleasant, yet silencing gag.  I tied the ends tightly behind my neck
after pushing and prodding the ball into the most comfortable position with my
tongue.

'Turn around, back to the wall, and spread your legs to fit within the eye
bolts' he ordered calmly.  Looking over my shoulder I edged my way backward
until I was flush against the wall.  I spread my legs wider and wider until
finally my legs were where he wanted them.  I thanked my luck stars that he
didn't have me wearing six inch heels because I don't know how it would have
been possible to achieve that wide spread and still be able to balance in the
tricky heels.  In a quick methodical fashion Greg went about lacing each leg to
the cross as if he were threading a new set of wing tips. 

I was surprised at how tightly he was lacing the rope over the skin tight
chocolate velvet clad gams until I realized that it was some type of machinery
that was doing the tightening!  As he finished my right arm I had seen him push
the two ends of the rope into holes in the wall.  Straining, I could just hear
the metallic hum of a motor as the rope was pulled taut.  Greg worked the ropes
like the straps of one of my corsets and soon any excesses were soaked up by the
machinery behind the wall.  Hmm, and I thought this was just a simple St.
Georges cross hidden in the wall!  My, my, but that was just like my Master
never do anything by half measures.  

The ropes dug into my calves and thighs, stretching my legs just a bit of agony
further apart.  I reveled in that bit of pain that reminded me what I was and
just why I was here.  Giving of my self helplessly to my lover and Master was
the underlying key what made me tick and consequently set my loins on fire.  Oh,
and it was wonderful to have found my other half, the yang to my yin, who loved
so very much to control me.  Methodically, yet with obvious intensity, he
equally reveled in stripping away my freedoms bit by bit until I was helplessly
at his mercy.

With my arms finished, Greg looked me over and than nodding in silent approval
decided to reward me with a flick of his finger.  The vibrator buried against my
clit burst into life and I groaned loudly, through my mouth filling gag, in
satisfaction.  My hips began their own dance as they humped the wildly pulsating
piece of plastic, only to be stopped by more tethers as ropes snaked between my
legs and up over my crotch, belly and waist.  Soon those ropes were sunk deeply
into my soft flesh making me as helpless as a fly pinned to a dipterists board. 

Master now decided that it was time to play with my breasts as he pulled them
gently from beneath their silky cashmere covering.  This was an easy task as the
sweater was cut in a low square just so that he could see plenty of my
unfettered mounds.  Their freedom was short lived as first an X of twin ropes
were drawn between them, followed by a figure eight affair.  When he let the
machinery tighten the ropes about my chest, those surrounding their bases formed
miniature lasso's that squeezed and squeezed my flesh upward until my poor
mounds resembled balloons on the verge of popping!

Pinching my nipples between his thumb and forefinger brought him the reward that
he sought as the pain exited them into hardened bullets.  Without further ado he
attached a set of vibrating nipple clamps that were one of my favorite of all
our toys.  We had only picked this one up a short time ago when we had tried it
out for an L&L site shoot, but it had seen so much use since than that we had
invested in rechargeable batteries!  I like, no that's not strong enough I love
to have my nipples played with.  Pull them, pinch them anything except cutting
them and I became so much putty beneath his fingers. 

I loved when he would use normal clamps on my nipples and then tie them off
somewhere above me, pulling on my tender teats all the while that he was taking
me.  With each thrust of his member my body would be jerked and my nipples would
be pulled even tighter.  This pain was more pleasure though as it sent a shot of
electrical heat into my sex that raised my excitement by a factor or three! 

As with this situation though it was not always possible to tie my nipples off
somewhere and that was where the vibrating nipple clamps earned there keep. 
Sliding the controller securely into the waist of my pants, he set it to high.
My muscles strained to respond to the siren like call of the little engine
between my legs and the aching pull of the humming clamps, but were totally
frustrated by the unrelenting ropes.  As much as I tried there was no way to
work with my little playmates to enhance there efforts to the point where I
could come. 

Just as I was about to give up and simply try to ride out being kept on the edge
of orgasm, the floor moved!  Slowly the floor receded, leaving only he toes of
my shoes touching the ground at first and than shortly after leaving them
hanging loosely.  'ea oor uvvd', I shouted at Greg.

'No, the floor did not move', Greg responded disgustedly as he moved to my face
and covered my eyes with a soft leather blindfold.  'The wall moved silly.  So
now you are hanging a foot above the floor.  This way it won't matter if you are
wearing flats or ballet heels either way you will not have to worry about your
feet touching the floor.'  He paused for a second and I heard another motor come
to life behind me.  'And why would this be important do you think?' 

With that my whole world began to rotate.  It was like I was strapped to some
massive carnival pin wheel which slowly swung me around the full three hundred
and sixty degree spectrum.  As my head neared what must be the ground my long
locks began to fall downward until I could feel them dragging on the floor. 
Slowly I was righted again, until once again my toes pointed toward the floor
and my head to the ceiling.

'That was the one minute setting', he told me smugly.  'That setting takes one
full minute to rotate your luscious body in a complete circle.'  The speed of
the wheel picked up noticeably, 'How about we try the thirty second setting...
two revolutions per minute.'  As my body revolved the ropes dug into me in a
host of different ways as I was pushed and pulled against them.  The quicker
speed was actually more enjoyable than the crawling one minute setting.  This
way my head was only upside down for a few seconds before it was coming up again
which was the most uncomfortable part of the experience.  'Now the fifteen
second setting.'  The world was spinning around so quickly that I had to shut my
eyes or risk getting vertigo.  My limbs felt like they were being pulled from my
body, despite my mind knowing that I was bound securely to my revolving prison.

'I can increase the speed all the way to eight revolutions per minute', Greg
said loudly so I could hear him over the whine of the machinery and the sounds
of the wind in my ears.  Oh, Lord, I can barely stand it on four, I thought
crazily as the world continued to spin.  'But, personally I prefer this twice a
minute setting.'  My body began to feel like itself again as the wheel slowed. 
I nodded my head on the upward side of the cycle to show him my agreement.

'Oh, not, because it is more comfortable for you darling', he said with the rye
chuckle of his that always put me on my guard.  Every time he used that tone he
always had something in mind that was something that I may end up loving, but
for the first time it usually became something that merely must endure.

Crack.  I flinched, straining muscles yet not moving within the immobilizing
restraints, as the first stroke from the whip landed.  I smiled behind my gag as
I breathed in the pain... and excitement.  He was using a particularly nasty
whip.  Despite my blindfold I knew exactly what whip it was just by the feel. 
The knots on the end of the multiple strands of braided leather caused a
particular stinging sensation that none of our other toys matched. 

Nasty, yet tempered by the heavy velvet the crack was more like a caress as it
slid once again between my legs.  Rhythmically the whip worked its way down the
inside of my thighs and than back upwards to stay and play with my aching sex. 
My hands clenched and unclenched at the fire within me built.  The whip became
my Masters hands and with each crack I came one step closer to orgasm.  I moaned
in contentment as my world spun about me.

Abruptly, the whipping stopped and I was left on the edge of cumming.  I
screamed into my gag in complaint and writhed as much as my bonds would let me. 
So close, so very close and he just had to stop.   Unconsciously, I wept loudly
in frustration.

'Ask me to let you cum baby', Greg's voice sounded sedately in my fevered ears.

I was nearly panting like a do as I cried desperately into my gag, 'eease et 'e
'um 'astr.  EEEAAAASE!'

'Tell me that you are going to be a good girl', he ordered as my hair swept
along the floor.

'I 'omise I'll 'e 'oood.  'omise 'aster', I responded earnestly praying that my
pleas would be enough.

'Good girl baby', he said softly and than the whip cracked against my chest. 
Oh, God, it was like fire spreading through me.  Some of the strands hit against
the clamps that had pinched my nipples making there tips so tender that even the
least touch would send me into a frenzy.  I howled in surprise and pain, but as
that second stroke landed it ceased to matter as my orgasm crested.  Wave after
wave of pleasure poured through me drowning out any discomfort that I may have
been feeling for what seemed like minutes, but was probably only seconds. 

My body stiffened as the orgasm ebbed and I felt totally wasted from the
incredibly strong orgasm that had just racked my body.  I was ready to stop.  I
was really ready for a nap, like a sated cat sitting on a sunny window sill.    

Master though had other ideas for me.  The lash moved between my legs again.  A
few heavy strokes stung my clit dragging me back out of my sex induced fugue
state.  The pace of the whips cracks against my helpless flesh sped up and with
it so did my pulse rate.  Oh, yes, my body cried out to me as it responded to
the stinging stimuli.  Yes, please give me more.  Yes, caress me with the pain
that my crazily hard-wired mind turns into pleasure.  Yes, keep me your helpless
slave forever as long as you do this to me!

The second and third orgasms leapt thru my body nearly in tandem.  Every muscle
strained to react, but no reaction was possible.  My chest heaved as my breath
howled through my nose.  I whined in excitement through my gag as the wonderful
feelings passed through me.  Oh, God, it felt so excellent that it pushed all
other thoughts from my head. 

Slowly my breathing returned to normal and I realized that my world had stopped
spinning.  I was hanging upside with my hair hanging loosely against the floor. 
Two pillows plopped down on either side of my head.  I was startled by this at
first, but soon a smile crossed my lips as Greg's long lean legs descended to
kneel upon them.  My smile widened as I saw the tip of his hardened rod swinging
from side to side right in front of my eyes as he worked feverishly on my gag. 
As it slipped from my mouth he didn't even give me time to stretch my jaw before
he pushed his way between my hungry lips.

His member hit the back of my throat as easily as if I was the one on my knees
and a part of my mind wondered just how long he had calculated what the perfect
height of my head needed to be to take me orally upside down!  I almost sneezed
as his bristly pubic hair brushed against my nose at the end of each of his deep
throat plunges.  Fighting it off I sucked and licked him as best that I could,
putting all of my being into showing him how happy he had just made me.  I
wanted nothing more than to give him back the glorious pleasure that he had just
given me and if letting him fuck my mouth was the price than it was one that I
would gladly pay.

My lips splayed wider and wider as his rod grew hard and longer in my mouth. 
Each stoke, pressed his head further and further down my throat but the slight
inclined angle made this easier than normal.  Also, since I had blown him at
least once a day for the entire time that we had been together I was much more
used to this than when I started, so now even this did not trigger my gag
reflex.  I had come (all puns intended) a long way from those days and now it
was more a matter of sensing the right techniques that would send him over the
top.

On his outward stroke I clamped down on his penis head with my lips, holding him
there and slowing his next thrust.  Teasing the tip of his head with my tongue I
licked and sucked upon it until his weight pushed passed my temporary road
block.  I continued to suck his cock even as he dove down the depths of my
throat as I knew the sight of my collapsed cheeks always excited him to no end! 
He certainly felt excited as his cock began its pre-cum sprinkles and his pace
speed up even faster.

I gave up trying to do anything but suck and breathe.  Suck and breathe, as that
is all that I had time to do.  My Master was taking me as he was wont to do,
helplessly and loving it.  My own excitement trilled through me and into his
member fueling him to even greater efforts.  A huge gob of goo splattered
against the back of my throat as he came.  I had heard that it was possible to
drink a glass of water upside down and now I knew that it was possible as his
seed slurped down my throat and into my stomach.  ]



Slowly my breathing began to return to normal and I realized that my world had
stopped rotating.  My feet were once again on the ground and I could feel Greg's
hands near my chest.  I howled again in pain as the first clamp came off my
nipple.  As the blood flowed back into the tortured tip of my tit I squirmed
helplessly against the pain.  The second flowed shortly and I swore loudly into
my gag.  They were great while they were on, but a total bitch when they came
off!   As the pain finally receded, my body sagged exhaustedly against the
restraining ropes.

A soft click sounded in my ears and all of a sudden I felt myself falling.  Greg
grabbed me and held me tight as he finished the work that the weight of my body
had begun of removing the nylon strands that the wall had released.  Resting
against his body I felt total contentment.

'I love you', I whispered in his ear.

'Eh?' he replied softly.

'I love you Master', I repeated more firmly.

'I know baby.  I know', he replied softly. 

Picking me up in his arms he carried me from our newly christened dungeon and
laid me upon our unmade bed.  He lay down next to me and pulled my spent form
into him in a spoon like cuddle.  I purred in delight as one hand cupped itself
around my sexually sensitized breast.  Then the words that I longed to hear came
from his lips and nothing else in the entire world matter.  'You pleased me
greatly today baby and for that, if nothing else, I love you.'




Leather & Lace - Book II
Chapter 4 - Uniform of the Day
By the White Knight


It was a bright Saturday morning and the ground about our beautiful new house
was covered in pristine white snow.  I looked from our bedroom window and saw a
crew clearing our driveway and cobblestone paved paths.  Opening the drapes a
bit further, I looked to see if the front path was cleared.  Seeing that it was
I turned back to look at the progress at the drive and found three pairs of eyes
starring up at me and smiling from below.

My first inclination was to close the drapes and hurry back inside, but I smiled
that thought away.  Shaking my head from side to side I sent my long golden
locks flying about me.  In the glint from the glass I could see my own
reflection well, and was happy to see my soft leather collar with its shinning
silver studs was perfectly displayed.  As were my proud breasts that were barely
covered by my frightfully short sheer white baby doll that was fringed with
marabou feathers. 

I smiled back at the men and gave them a little wave before I stepped away form
the window.  A pity that the window wasn't a full floor to ceiling pane as I'm
sure that they would have loved to have been able to see my legs.  Sheer white
stocking with tight lace tops graced them with my feet arched lovingly into five
inch satin mules complete with their matching tufts of white feathers. 

'The camera does have that effect on many women', Greg mused as he saw me emerge
from the heavy curtains. 

I smiled as I walked towards him and put my arms about his neck.  'You should
know by now', I said to him with a laugh, 'that I have very little modesty left. 
And since you were the gentlemen that pulled me from my sheltered life and
introduced me to a life where my beautiful bound form can be seen by hundreds of
thousands of hungry eyes I dare say that you can hardly be mad at such a small
lose.'

'Oh on the contrary baby, I think that your new found confidence gives you an
air of sensual seduction that oozes from your pores to drive me to delightful
distraction!' He bent and our tongues met in a warm sensuous kiss that made me
want to kick off my heels and climb back in bed with him.

Crack.  A stinging slap to my barely covered rear woke me from my reverie as I
broke our kiss and looked up at Greg.  'What would you have of me Master?'  I
asked diffidently.

'Some breakfast would certainly hit the spot.  Homemade waffles with pecans and
bananas, a bowl of sliced pineapple and a large mug of coffee.  After that we
both have some work to do on the web site.  I've pictures to crop and ready for
the next addition and you my dear are well behind in your fan mail!'

'Yes, Master', I replied as I happily gave him a peck on the lips, 'I'll get
right on that.'

I went to turn away, but his hands on my waist held me in place. 'Not so fast
baby... first, I want you to change into your uniform of the day', he ordered in
his soft commanding voice. 

Ah, my uniform of the day was to start early this fine morning, I thought easily
as I awaited further instructions.  Greg had decided long ago that reminding me
of my status as his slave and property required more than just a simple collar. 
Heck, everyone's slave wore his or her Master's collar so he had to devise his
own version of declaring his ownership.  His first thought was to have me where
a sexy maids uniform whenever we were alone and about the house, but he quickly
grew tired of the same old thing, despite the fact that I now owned that costume
in over a dozen different configurations and colors!  From that we had graduated
to his newest idea of the uniform of the day.

'There is a card on your bureau outlining the outfit that I wish you to wear. 
After you are properly clad you may be about making our breakfast.'

He said this so sternly but I just smiled at his serious visage and gave him
another peck on the lips and answered in my spunky Barbara Eden-esque tone,
'Yes, of course Master!' 

As I turned from him, this time he let me go and I nearly skipped as I ran
excitedly to my bureau.  Glancing over my shoulder I stole a glance at my "so
stern" Master and caught him grinning at my quickly sashaying form.  He just
loved to act "masterful" but I truthfully think that it was merely as practice
for when we were around his father!  He knew that there was nothing that he
would ask of me that I would not gladly do for him even one of his favorites the
good old, 'Bend while I give you twenty'.

I love him with every fiber in my body and pleasing him was always at the top of
my thoughts.  So becoming his slave was merely an extension of this same love
and being the best slave that I could be was my way of showing him my feelings. 
Even closer to the mark it was my way of giving him my very essence.

The card on my bureau was his return of my love.  He had created his own card on
heavy stock photo paper with a picture of me bound on the cover.  Picking up the
card I peered inside at the large black old style script letters. 

Uniform of the Day

Pink and black Satin under-the-bust corset
Pink with black lace demi-bra
Black Fishnet Stockings
Seven Inch Black Patent Leather Sandals

Note:  You may wear your pink satin mules while preparing breakfast, but I
expect to be served in the above noted sandals.

LY,

M

Hmm, yummy I thought to myself as I adjourned to my small room size walk in
closet.  I had come from a well-to-do family, but still nothing had ever
prepared me for the splendor that Greg had forced me to become comfortable with. 
His multi-millionaire father and he continued to conspire to make sure that I
always had the best of everything.  The well-marked cedar drawers of the hand
built waist high shelves made it easy to find that which I sought.  I pulled out
the heavily boned corset from amongst its nearly two-dozen similarly closeted
fellows and slid over to the baskets of bras. 

When Greg liked a particular item of lingerie it meant that I would have to have
it in any and all of the conceivable colors that it might come in, hence my wall
of bras.  The hanging silver wire baskets made it easier to find the particular
piece more easily, which was very helpful when I was running against a time
limit.  I took a new pair of Givenchy fishnet stockings from another chest of
drawers and then headed over to my shoes.

Two hundred and forty eight by six inch cubbies covered the wall that was
complete with it's own rolling ladder that let me reach even the highest
shelves.  More than half of them were currently empty, but I didn't think that
it would take all that long to fill them.  Especially since Cassy, Arch
Stanton's wife and Greg's step-mom and I were the "shoe testers' for Stanton
Enterprises.  Greg's dad's leather company bought many of the most exotic shoes
ever made from all different parts of the world.  Cassy's and my exacting foot
dimensions had been given to a countless number of these vendors who showered my
Master and his father with their newest fetish creations on a regular basis.  It
was no wonder that they did, with the huge amount of volume that Stanton
Enterprises and Leather and Lace together could sell of the exciting heels.  But
it also meant that I received an untold number of perfectly fitted pumps,
sandals, slides, mules and slippers.  However only the ones that Greg approved
of made it to my closet.  The platforms and cone heels were always discarded by
my Master although Cassy had told me that she personally liked the platforms as
they added much needed height to her miniature frame.

The black patent leather sandals that I gathered as I put my white satin slides
away were one of these new pairs.  The heel was the highest ever put on a
sandal, which of course meant that Greg had to have them for me.  Looking at
them I was extremely glad that he had allowed me to make breakfast in my pink
satin mules, with their all so comfortable four-inch heels. 

Over a year and a half ago four-inch heels were the highest that I had ever
worn, regulated for those parties where I wanted to dazzle my male suitors. 
Today those heels were my work heels as I could walk in four and five inch heels
all day long and not miss a beat.   I did so love to switch out of them from
time to time and walk nearly barefoot in my satin ballet-like slippers, as not
only did this allow me to stretch my tendons but it also allowed me the sensuous
comfort of being able to tickle my Master with my sexy tootsies.

Beep.  The intercom in the room came to life and Greg's voice came on, 'bring
the pink Extreme pumps as well baby'.  No explanations just the request.  I
suppose I should think of it as an order, but it was truly impossible for me to
do so.  You know the story with the genie that comes out of the bottle and says
your wish is my command and then gives the poor sap three wishes that he always
screws up?  Well, this is the story where his wish is my wish and his wishes are
unlimited!

That is not to say that I do not have my own limits, but we had found out early
on that my views and his were directly in line.  He had no wish to share our bed
with another women, couple or God forbid a group!  Animals and reptiles held no
appeal for either of us.  So it was simply Greg dominating me and we both loved
our respective roles.  Even better yet though was the cycle of pleasing each
other, over and over and over again, that kept our love in a state of constant
growth.

I dressed quickly and applied my make up to match my outfit.  The intercom call
was not only a reminder for me to bring another pair of shoes, but also to
remind me that he was waiting.  Waiting and Master were oxymorons so I put a
wiggle on.

It was a good thing that I did as he was waiting for me as I came down the
stairs.  'Turn about and hold the banister while I tighten you laces', he
ordered softly.  Putting the two pairs of shoes on the second stair I complied. 
Lacing had become a normal course of events as Greg often requested one of my
many corsets, so the process was hardly onerous anymore.  Even those last few
gargantuan pulls that stripped me of that extra half inch of my waistline went
smoothly as I sucked in my breath.  While he tied off the laces I let out my
wind and began to find a new pattern of normal breathing that required a more
shallow and quicker timing.

'Turn and present.'

Turning to face him I looked purposefully over his right shoulder as I puffed
out my breasts as much as possible.  From the corner of my eye I could see his
hands guiding the tight elastic circlet about my right breast.  As soon as his
strong fingers released it about the base it tightened incredibly.  He rolled
the thick elasticized fabric down just a bit lower forming a beautiful balloon
like effect out of my tit.  The left followed as quickly as the right and soon
both breasts where tightly bound and beginning to become more and more sensitive
do to the lack of blood flow.

These circlets were another one of Greg's inventions and one that his father and
L&L had soon capitalized on, once he had made them known.  They were simply made
from a bungie cord that had been cut to seven inches in length and the ends sewn
tightly back together.  To put this into terms that anyone can understand, the
seven-inch diameter is three inches smaller than the diameter of your normal
morning coffee mug! 

The effect though was spectacular not only in the look, but also in the feelings
that it gave to me.  The lightest touch from his fingers felt like static
electricity sliding across my tied tit.  I moaned a few times as he played with
my nipples to be sure that he had achieved the sensitivity that he had set out
to make me feel.  My nipples responded instantly to his caress and stood up tall
to his touch.

Satisfied he gave me my next command.  'Open'.

I continued to look over his shoulder so as not to look at his face or
especially into his eyes, which would be cause for immediate punishment. 
Sighing happily I bit down on the black latex ball that he slipped into my
mouth.  The elastic strap was part of the gag that required me to hold my hair
out of the way while he placed it behind my neck.  I let my hair drop and
fluffed it back into position.

'You may proceed to make our breakfast', Master told me as he stepped out of my
way.  I gave him a bobbing nod of my head as agreement, this time keeping my
eyes demurely pointed towards the floor.   Eye contact was always a tricky
subject with my Master, however months of practice kept me from the many
spankings that I received in my early days as his slave.  Sometimes though, when
I craved his touch, I would purposefully screw up such an easy thing.  He would
know that I had done it on purpose, but that only made his swats harder as he
lovingly gave me what I desired.

My heels clicked along the hardwood floor as I made my way to the kitchen.  All
the floors in our new home were of the best hard woods, many covered with
beautiful oriental rugs and others left bare.  Both of these surfaces were there
with one calculated purpose in mind.  Which was to allow me to navigate them in
the highest high heels possible.

The four's that I was now wearing were as simple as bedroom slippers to my
well-trained feet.  I gathered all of the ingredients and implements and put
them all on the granite island counter top.  Before I started mixing anything, I
dropped a pink and white check apron around my neck and tied it behind my narrow
waist.  Flour on satin was a true pain to remove without a through washing. 
Since Greg had specifically requested this corset I was loathe to disappointment
him, for that would surely bring a very heavy price tag!

Halfway through making the waffle batter the intercom sounded again.  'Switch
into your Extreme pumps baby'.  Stopping what I was doing immediately, I picked
up the correct heels and sat down in one of our antique rout iron chairs that
matched the small cafe-like distressed wooden table.  I looked up into the
corner of the room where the video camera was hidden and wondered if her were
watching me.  'Is there a problem baby?'   Asked Greg calmly over the intercom. 
I shook my head in the negative and bent to my task, smiling to myself all the
while as it was now obvious that he had been watching me intently.

Sliding off my mules I slid my right foot down the highly arched sole until my
toes meet resistance.  Lifting my heel, I pushed my toes into the softly rounded
toe box until there was enough room for me to lower it into the tight pump. 
Bending I attached the buckle on the single narrow ankle strap.  My left
followed and soon I was back on my feet attending to my duties.

'Hmm, very nice', came Greg's disembodied voice, 'how about a little twirl to
show off your lovely pumps.'  A little twirl the man says!  A little twirl in a
quarter less six-inch heels!  Thank God for my ballet training was all I could
say as I lifted my heels from the floor and balanced on my toes as I spun slowly
in place.  'Thank you baby, you may resume your work.' 

While getting a bowl or plate from a higher shelf was made easier by the high
heel pumps grabbing one from a ground level draw or shelf became more
problematic.  And wouldn't you know that it was at just this time that I needed
the rasp to grind my nutmeg, which of course just happened to be in the bottom
most drawer.  I performed a flawless 'bunny dip', with my butt suspended just
above my heels as I removed the needed item.  But this little maneuver had taken
it's toll and the slightly too tight pumps began to seriously bite into my feet.

Each step of my right foot would pinch at my toes as if they were being squeezed
in a vice.  I began to favor that leg, but that only put more pressure on my
left which wasn't all that comfortable in the first place.  Soon I was nearly
limping about the kitchen as I tried desperately to complete my mission.

'Is there something wrong with you feet baby?'  Greg asked earnestly.

I nodded my head "yes" in the direction of the camera.  'Are those damn pumps
pinching your feet again?'  I nodded my head violently in agreement.  'I see. 
Then you have my permission to complete your assignment while wearing you new
sandals.'  I looked at the camera dumbfounded.  It was bad enough trying to make
his breakfast in nearly six-inch heels, but in seven-inch heels that I had only
worn once... that was ridiculous.  'Is there something wrong baby?  You aren't
moving to comply to my wishes.'  These last words were said more forcefully,
breaking my reverie and reminding me to get my ass in gear.

Sitting I removed the tight pumps and sighed delightedly as they left my feet. 
The towering sandals were another story entirely.  My feet slid easily down the
arched soles, with my toes gliding under the smooth leather straps.  I buckled
the straps that crossed over the arch of my foot and encircled my ankle, but
these were more for show than support.  Those little straps that barely held my
toes were the main binding that would hold my feet to the sandals as I attempted
to walk.  Ah well, no use in worrying as one way or the other I had to find out
if I could or could not stand in the sexy sandals. 

Using the table for support I stood and found that they were not much different
than walking in ballet shoes.  No, I do not mean ballerina toe shoes, what I am
referring to are shoes shaped like a toe shoe with a nine inch spiked heel
forcing the person wearing them to always remain on his or her toes.  Greg had
made me proficient in their wear, so now it was just a matter of applying the
concept to these new heels.

Those little straps did there job perfectly and God help me the sandals were
much more comfortable than the pumps.  I tip toed about in them until I mastered
there heel and than I began a shortened stride 'normal' heel to toe walk.  Good
Lord these were the most comfortable fetish heels that I had ever worn!  Seven
inches and they hugged my foot like a soft cuddly teddy bear.  I couldn't
believe it.  This must be what Greg meant about the difference between shoes
made specifically for you and off the shelf items, because this was just
incredible.

I danced about the kitchen as I went about my work perfectly happy and
completely oblivious to the effect that I was having on my Master and lover.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

(The story turns to Greg's view)

Sitting in my video control room I was totally captivated as I watched my
beautiful pet gliding about the kitchen with her bound breasts puffing out the
front of her apron and those lovely pink heels clicking upon the golden floors. 
Her every move was seen by the three cameras that covered every aspect of the
kitchen.  Sharon only knew about one and that was all I wanted her to know of as
I had had the entire house wired so that I could watch her whenever I desired.

I reveled in seeing her dressed exactly as I had prescribed.  Her heavily boned
corset gave her that perfect hourglass shape as it narrowed her waist to a
waspish sixteen inches.  With her breasts pumped up by the binding cords it made
the effect even more dramatic, giving her the look of one of those comic
heroines that the late Eric Stanton had made so famous.  My own perfect Gwen in
all of her majestic splendor, wearing corset, stockings and heels.

I railed at first, when she put on the apron that hid so many of her best
attributes but I comforted myself in the knowledge that she was doing this to
fulfill one of my many rules.  She was to maintain her uniforms cleanliness at
all times and working about the kitchen would definitely tax her ability to do
so without the covering of the apron. 

So I spent most of my time watching her shapely legs and heels and especially
her nearly naked half moons.  The crotch-less black lace panties I had her wear
barely covered any of those gorgeously tight cheeks.  Oh, and that wonderful
show that she put on for me as she bent to retrieve the waffle iron from its
draw had been stupendous.  Heels poised above her four-inch mules, feet spread
and legs held rigidly straight she bent over to snag the implement.  I nearly
creamed in my pants as the split in her panties spread just enough for me to get
a glimpse of her hairless pubis area.

When the waffle iron was up and on the counter she turned to the camera, smiled
about her gag and gave me a wink.  I laughed out loud at the effrontery of the
little minx!  She returned to her work, which I now determined was going all to
smoothly.  I loved making her struggle to complete the tasks I set her, but the
mere four-inch heels weren't nearly the impediment that they had once been.

Ordering her into the sensuous pink pumps had been an excellent way to bring my
all so obliging pet to heel (all puns intended).  As she slid into and buckled
each shoe firmly upon her feet I zoomed in at sixteen times magnification until
her feet filled the large monitor.  Perfect manicured nails finished their work
briskly and smoothed her stockings out to compensate for the new bends and
twists that the shoes caused in the fine material. 
Zooming out I watched her legs as she stood, which was like watching a
masterpiece in action.  Those perfectly formed leg muscles quickly adapted to
their new challenge, showing off their lovely lines. 

I adored my pets' body and for me it was the epitome of what a woman should
attempt to achieve.  She was not a size two with a twig like frame that clogged
the runways of many fashion designers of the era.  Those emaciated women looked
to me as if they were refugees from a concentration camp, with there bored
visages and boyish figures.  No, baby was a healthy size six, often bordering on
size eight.  She ate real portions at meals and maintained her splendid figure
through exercise and restraining herself from over indulging in the desserts of
which she was so fond.  Her gorgeous ankles were well rounded and didn't show an
ugly dip in the skin about her Achilles tendon as so many those freakish models
did.  The muscles of her calves were forced to bunch higher and closer to her
knee by the more steeply arched soles, yet they could not look more spectacular.  
Her thighs were graced with the lacey tops of the fishnets, showing off the
wonderful contrast of her flawless creamy skin with the dark black hose.

My musings were soon disturbed as shortly after switching into the new heels she
began to struggle as if she were lame.  I focused again in on her feet and
watched as she clenched and unclenched the muscles in one foot, obviously trying
to find a more comfortable position.   But as I shifted my view to another
camera that showed her face I could clearly see her distress. 

Crap, I swore to myself.  This wasn't unprecedented, as this made two out of the
six pairs of the exact same heels that had been cut to tightly.  I wrote I note
to myself to inform the manufacture and then ordered her to change.  This
screwed my plans to have her make my breakfast in the two pairs of pink heels
and then serve it in her brand new fetish sandals.  The seven inch sandals had
been hand made for her as the Italian shoe maker tried to expand their
distribution into the.  They were absolutely gorgeous, but I had only had her
wear them once and that was while she was sitting, bound and gagged of course.

I soon found that my belief that these heels would be more difficult to control
was totally unfounded as she began to dance about the kitchen as if she were
wearing the short-heeled mules!  Her feet seemed to be constantly sliding down
the incredibly arched soles of her sandals, yet somehow they molded themselves
to her fluid movements.  Toes, crimped into the restraining straps, touched the
floor lightly as I watched in sheer fascination. 

Sharon moved as if she were in a ballet of her own making and one that she was
performing just for me.  It was during this ballet that my member went into
overload as so many of my sexual buttons were pushed in unison.  The thought of
her putting on the sexy garments, opening her mouth to accept the gag, her
flawless body with her sheer waist, incredible buns and perfectly molded legs
all thrust into the sky high heeled sandals.  Finally, it was her standing still
legs together, bent straight-backed over her mixing bowl, when she set those
beautiful globes to twitching.  First the right twitched upwards and than the
left followed suit, without ever moving her legs or hips.  The control that she
had over her body was supreme, even to those nether regions. Pausing in her work
she looked over her shoulder at the camera and winked at me once again.

Damn breakfast, if I didn't take her now I would lose it if I continued to watch
her.  Since I could not take my eyes off of her I only had one option available
to me.  Running down the back stairs to the kitchen I forced myself to make as
little noise as possible.

'Stop', I ordered her as I walked into the room.  Sharon's only movement was to
flick the off switch on the mixer she had been using as she complied. 

'Turn around and present your wrists'. Again she did as instructed and I wrapped
her wrists with a black silken rope that I had brought with me.  I led her over
to the island where I tethered her to a ringbolt that was hidden beneath the
granite counter top.  The hidden ringbolts were another of my house
improvements.  They surrounded the counter so that I could tie her to the cold
glossy rock as if it were alter. 

With her wrists bound in place I ordered her to take a step backwards and bend
over, so that she could hold onto the counter for support.  Picking up a heavy
wooden spoon I walked behind her and swatted her gorgeous globes.  The twin
blows to each cheek, elicited only a few "ews" and "ahs" from behind her gag,
while her heels were lifted off the floor.  I ran my hand over her quickly
reddening rump and she sighed with contentment.  Another caress of my finger
over the tip of her bound breast caused her nipple to pop out like a rocket and
her body to stiffen in shock / pleasure.

She was mine body and soul, and this thrilled me to my core.  I gave her another
two blows, four blows, six blows and finally a full dozen and never a complaint
did she utter.  Moans of pain, mixed with sighs of pleasure but never did she
ever question my right to do anything that I pleased with her and her beautiful
body.  My rod hardened at each blow as her submission and the angry red stripes
on her rear end fueled my lust.  A playful swipe at her near tit elicited
excited groans and now she began to sway her ass in front of me like it was some
sort of cobra-like snake dancing to my pied piper tune.

I gave her a few more stripes and watched as her hips and ass melded into each
angry crack of the wood.  Clock-wise and than counter clock-wise her glorious
globes rotated in time with my measured strikes.  All the while he breathing
became quicker and her thrusting rear became more and more suggestive as
everything about her cried out for me to take her.  I could imagine the pleas
that she would cry if I let her in my minds eye, 'Take me, please Master take me
and take me now'.  Her soft siren like voice echoed in my ears as if I had
actually heard her pleas. 

Finally I could take no more and let my ranging member loose.  I rubbed it up
against her sex, spreading the lacy panties as I did so.  She moaned and groaned
in appreciation and excitement as she pushed her hips backwards trying to force
me into herself.  I played with her cunt, dipping in just enough to cover my
head and than pulling out.  When she thrust her rump at me beseechingly I
swatted it once again with the heavy spoon until she remained as still as fence
post and groaned her frustration piteously. 

With the spoon reversed I used the handle to push and poke at her puckered rose
bud.  Her back stiffened as the rough wood scratched over the tender opening.  I
thrust myself fully into her feeling her warm juices lubricate my aching cock as
I continued to contemplate her sexy asshole.  Knowing that she would deny me
nothing made me want to take her even more flagrantly than a mere hump from
behind.  No, her beauty and obedience deserved what she truly desired which was
to be well and truly mastered and her sensitive rear chute was just the way to
remind just how sweetly she was owned!

My rod was well lubricated as I pulled it from her quivering pussy.  She stood
stiff as a rod as I had beaten her every time that she had tried to respond to
my thrusts.  Now she stood there expectantly, breathing hard and at the same
time trying not to move a muscle.  I smiled in appreciation of how well my baby
followed even my unspoken commands and my lust for her went up another notch.

The swollen head of my cock butted up against her hole as I began to push at
that tender opening.  I pushed harder and harder but despite the fact that my
rod was as hard as a brass pipe, my excitement had swollen my head into a
tremendous mushroom and her tight anal muscles refused to offer me passage.  I
was mad at myself more than her, as I should have had her wearing a butt plug if
I wanted to take her from the rear.  But in my amour I had decided to rush the
process.

Rather than be put off I looked about me for a lubricant that would help me
slide my whopping hard on into her pristine back door.  'Ah, perfect', I said
aloud as I snagged a bowl of melted butter from the stove.  Using two fingers I
scooped up the greasy mixture and rubbed it about her puckered opening.  Another
scoop and I slid in one finger watching her body stiffen even more, but her
moans of excitement told me that she was as horny as I, and was just waiting for
me to take her.  The second finger caused a groan, but she wouldn't even let her
body flinch at the invasion.  I smeared more of the hot butter around the inside
of her ring and than rubbed it vigorously about my head.

Again I threatened her rear hole, but this time her rosebud let the tip of my
head in and that was all that she wrote.  With one great thrust my bulbous head
pushed passed her defenses and driving forward like some crazed footfall lineman
I drove my cock into my stiffened pet's body until my balls slammed against her
heated cheeks.  The woof of her breath leaving her body, fought with the scream
of frustration as she held her body steady against every desire in her body.  I
marveled at her restraint and made a mental note to complement her later as I
also stayed perfectly still with my rod buried to the hilt in her ass. 

Bracing my own hips, I took one hand and wrapped it about the laces of her
corset.  The other hand lifted the spoon and than I dropped it against her
thigh.  'Now, hump me for all your worth baby!  Hump me, like you've wanted to
from the moment we met!  Hump me like the glorious beautiful creature that you
are!'  I continue to cry out these imprecations, but they were more to sate my
own lust than to command her, for as soon as I had freed her, her hips and body
bucked against my cock like a piston in a turbo charged engine.  Using her laces
like a cowboy would use the reins on a wild bronco, I held myself into her as
her humping became more and more wild. 

She screamed through her gag as the spoon rained down on her thighs like a
jockeys quirt as I lashed her to greater and greater efforts.  My cock felt the
incredible pressure of her tight anal passageway again and again and again as
our combined lusts drove us far beyond normal lovemaking.  With each crack of
the spoon I gave her the pain that continued to push her excitement to levels to
a pinnacle that a normal woman would never be able to even begin to comprehend.

Her head bucked in tune with her body sending those gorgeous golden locks
cascading over her back.  That gentle swell of her back into her hips and the
hour-glass look formed by my overly tight application of her corset enthralled
me as my cock reveled within her ass.  Glancing downward I took in her legs as
they strained to propel her hips, perched so precariously on their stilt-like
heels.

It was all more than I could bear, and soon my juices to flow into her like some
hot milky enema.  She groaned in exaltation as she felt my member come, but
still she rode me praying for her own release.  Feeling both pity and love for
my baby, I dropped the spoon and drove my hand into her dripping twat.  A few
flicks against her g-spot with one set of finger and another against her clit
set her to the moon.  Her hips jerked even more wildly than when I was beating
her as her own orgasm overcame her.

I continued to pump more and more of my jism into her as the waves of her orgasm
spread throughout her body.  Over and over again she continued to impale her
rump and I smiled to myself, as I knew her purpose.  The pain plus my making her
feel the slave that she so longed to be was fueling her orgasms until one wave
would lead into the next and than the next.  With luck and with my own
excitement running high and my hard on not yet dissipated she might get three
for my one. 

Deciding to give her what she wished I began to wail at her legs and thighs with
the heavy wooden spoon.  The angry swats were just what she needed and the
second wave burst over her.  She cried out and reared and my deflating rod
finally fell from her body.  Without waiting a second I took the thumb of the
hand that had been holding her corset laces and plunged it up her empty
bunghole.  My fingers formed twin teasers upon her g-spot and clit respectively
as I began to rock my whole hand into her as if I was punching a heavy bag.  She
strained her muscles to meet my heavy thrusts but again and I again I ruthlessly
pushed her towards the granite counter top.  Like a prize fighter though she
came back one more time lowering her back and bracing her arms so that her body
could hold and now even meet my thrusts. 

Her breathing was so labored, because she only could gain air through her nose
that it began to sound like the bellows in a blacksmiths shop.   Short gasping
breaths, punctuated by mewing and moaning groans of ecstasy as her next orgasm
neared.

Crack.  Crack. Crack.  I pulled my hand from her cunt and ass hole and began to
cane her rump in even measured stokes.  Four, five, six, seven....

'Es... ESSS..... ESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!'  She cried desperately through her gag as
the final orgasm over took her battered body.  Her hips bucked to the unheard
music, but the power in them was fading fast as her exhaustion overwhelmed her. 
Leaning forward like a drunk at a bar she lay her head and shoulders upon the
cold stone as she fought to calm her breathing.  I took pity on her and released
the gag, but refused to loosen the damning corset stays.  No, she must learn to
endure her corsets as they were one of my favorite fetishes and she of course
was my pet.  

Slowly, her breathing returned too normal and she levered herself back into a
standing position.  Her legs quivered at the additional weight, but baby bought
them under control.  Turning towards me, but not looking into my eyes she asked,
'Is there anything else that I can do for you Master?'

I swatted her ass lightly by way of a compliment and answered, 'I think that
will do for now.  Although, I do wish you would hurry with those waffles.  I
seam to have acquired an over powering hunger just recently!'




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





