BDSM Library - Mutual Suicide Machine




Mutual Suicide Machine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story of a suicidal man who finds a like minded woman for a wonderful adventure as they make love and plan the final event.
Mutual Snuff Machine
By The Digital Man
Inspired by TopcatSC wherever you are?

I read this story that was written a few years ago in the alt.sex.necrophilia
group by TopcatSC.  I don't know if the story was written by a man or a woman,
but it was narrated as if a female, and what a female.  I'd like to meet her and
explore possibilities.  The story relays her adventures finding out that her
husband was into snuff and death and that he wanted to die with his wife in a
mutual sexual suicide by way of a specially constructed device that would allow
them a slow sweet, painful, bloody death while in the throes, locked in love
until the end.

I can't stop thinking about this and it has become my death passion in life. 
There was little to go on in the story of the device. Only that it had two
daggers pointing out from the center and that the two people would strap
themselves in face to face with the daggers pointing at each belly.  I decided
to develop the best facsimile of this sweet device that I could and began
drafting some plans and looking for the right materials.  Also, in my search, I
needed the right person to find, develop a relationship with and then to
consummate our love and use the device as intended.

The original device called for two 6 in daggers.  I liked that because it would
not cause a quick death or take a chance on hitting the spine.  It also called
for some kind of strapping to hold it in place in the early stages. The device
had to reside between the two willing participants, but not be bulky or heavy or
impede lovemaking, aside from the knives.  Without the knives, it would look
like two semi circle metal straps facing opposite, but welded together in the
center.  Once would wrap around my waist to each side and and the other around
my partners.  Now with the blades installed facing out, the device would stand
off the distance of the blades until the time was right for joint impalement. 
After full penetration, the thin metal strapping would fit snugly and be custom
fit to our bodies like a seat belt.  It also needed a method to hold it in place
around each person until that sweet moment.  I decided to install rings at all
four ends of the metal strapping.  The story said the strapping was something
like a belt, but I decided to use very tight fitting bungie cords that would
push us together with constant pressure and not let go under any circumstances . 
One end of the bungie cord would be permanently attached.  The other would be
locked into place on the opposite ring by the partner reaching around the back
of the other.

Once attached, our bodies would be locked together in a pre death embrace with a
blades slightly piercing our bellies from the tension of the bungie cords.  We
would be seated on an ottoman or bench as in the original story with our sex
touching and waiting below the knives. There would always be tension from the
bungie cords pushing us together until we decided to take the final death
embrace or until we made love and slowly impaled our bodies forgetting the
knives as we lost ourselves in the moment.

I built the machine with loving care and painted it black except for the
gleaming knives which I welded to the center place horizontally.  I then welded
the four ringlets at each end of the metal strapping.  I found some strong short
bungie cords and connected one end permanently to each side of the device.  It
was now ready.  I tried it on for size. I held it up against my body with the
one knife resting in my navel.  It kind of laid there against my hips hanging
down. I then reached around my back and connected the loose end of the bungie
cord to the other end of the strapping.  As I pulled it tight, the device sprung
up in front of me and my knife pushed harshly into my navel.  It hurt and I was
surprised by the tension.  All of the pressure was against me without a partner
to lean back in the opposite direction.  I looked at myself in a full length
mirror and was amazed and aroused by the vision. The knife had drawn blood and
there was a small line oozing from my navel. 

I desperately needed a partner to join me in this event. I began my search on
the internet for women who were into extreme bondage an snuff fantasies.  I was
amazed at how many people are into this.  The question was, would I find someone
who was also suicidal to boot.  I searched through the suicide.holiday and
methods groups as well as the snuff.cannibalism group and various bdsm groups. 
I had some great conversations with many women and some guys who were posing as
women, but after almost giving up, along came a girl called "slicemeup".

She said she was recently divorced and 40 with a nice body.  We talked for many
weekends late into the nights. She wouldn't send me her picture for a while as
not wanting that to be a factor.  We really got along and had similar interests. 
We were both now, and had been, suicidal for a long time and had few ties to
anyone.  We both were into mock suicide pics and loved to write stories of our
own demise by our own hand or by someone else. 

After another month, she sent me a pic and I was pleased.  She was only 5 ft
tall and barely 100 lbs. with shoulder length coal black hair and brown eyes.
Her body was very fit with small perky breasts.  We decided to meet, and since
she was only 100 miles away, we would be able to meet often.  When we met for
coffee, I couldn't believe it.  She introduced herself as Jennifer. She was like
a school teacher with glasses and dressed conservatively.  She was cute, but not
beautiful and very small and demure.  I just couldn't believe this was a woman
with a death wish similar to mine and ready to take the ultimate journey.

We talked for hours until the place closed.  It was Friday night and she asked
if she could stay over.  We felt very comfortable together and I was relieved
that she wasn't a cop or something.  When we got to my home, we drank some wine
and then Jennifer said, "Let's see it."  She wanted to see the machine and took
her glasses off.  I brought the device in and I thought she would have an orgasm
right there as she gently touched it and rolled her eyes back in her head.  It
was amazing to see her reactions as she fingered the knives and then jumped up
and pulled off her blouse.  Jennifer wore a bra, but honestly, her breasts were
very small.  Her waist was small also, only 20 inches.  I would have to tighten
the circle of the metal strapping on her end.  She placed the device up against
her belly and let the knife tickle her body.  She then turned around and asked
me to connect the bungie cord.

My cock was hard just watching her and imagining joining her in some good sex as
we flirted with death.  Jennifer came over to me and unbuttoned my shirt and
pushed my end of the device up against my navel.  She reached around and
connected my bungie cord.  She could easily surprise me at any time and give me
a death embrace, but this wasn't to be the night.  We both wanted to experience
the run up to our final journey and fuck each others brains out for a while. 

While connected, the two daggers dug into our bellies and left a small incision
as we moved about, kissing and embracing.  I felt the pain, but combined with my
lust for her, it was merely a pleasurable nuisance.  We stripped our pants off
and then we were naked standing there in my den.  Her body was so petite and
snow white and as tender as any I'd ever seen.  Just imagining a cold steel
blade sinking into her flesh made me rock hard. My cock was standing straight
out and touching her little body. 

I had bought a padded bench to sit on for this purpose and we sat down, all the
while feeling the daggers digging into our bodies.  We leaned back away from
each other and I was able to penetrate her body with mine.  She began to ride me
as she held onto my shoulders and the daggers scrapped our skin.  I longed for
the moment when we would look into each others eyes and just know it was time to
die. 

We fucked like kids and when I came, she rubbed her hand in my semen and then in
a little bit of the blood that seeped from our bellies and rubbed it on her
tongue obviously savoring the taste.  As we disconnected, she pushed me to my
knees and stood up.  "Lick my blood." she said.  I gladly licked her belly clean
of her sweet red blood and picked her up.  She was as light as a feather and now
my soul death mate.

We talked into the night and decided to meet a few more times before deciding
when to die.

With each visit, we felt even more comfortable and certain, that when the time
came, we could thrust our bodies together one final time and let nature take
it's course.  I daydreamed endlessly during the weekdays wishing for Friday to
arrive when I would see her again.  We only made love connected to the device
and each time came closer to our morbid reality.  As the weeks passed, I gained
one scar after another from the daggers.  My smooth belly was now marked for
life with evidence of our joining.  It wouldn't matter in the end.  When the 6
inch blade finally tears into my body, I will not care if it scars.

On Thursday night, Jennifer called me and said she was having second thoughts,
but she was coming down to see me anyway.  I was in disbelief after all we had
planned.  There was no turning back. This was a one way street.  I was committed
to this and nothing would stop it.  I had prepared myself for death and was at
peace with the decision.  I made the promise to myself after she hung up that,
second thoughts or not, we were going to die as planned.

When Jennifer pulled up on Friday, I greeted her at the door with some
skepticism and concern.  We talked for a while and she apologized for alarming
me.  She said that she just felt a moment of panic, but that it had passed.  We
kissed and held each other for a while until the passion got the better of us
and soon our clothes were off.  As we embraced, we discussed tidying up our
affairs over the next few weeks and decided on a date with death.  My cock was
engorged with blood and we attached ourselves again to my sweet suicide device. 

Instead of fucking on the bench, Jennifer wanted to try it in bed.  We slowly
and carefully made our way to the bedroom and I eased myself onto the bed with
her connected.  I laid back and the bungie cords pulled her to me.  She sat on
my cock and eased it in with the expertise of a sweet whore.  We rocked and
reveled in our bodies.  As usual, there was a slight penetration of the daggers
into our bellies as we rocked and approached our climax.  Suddenly, Jennifer
stretched her legs out and pushed her harms down as if doing a push up on me.  I
was still inside her and with her hands pushing down into the bed, we were safe
from a premature death.  We couldn't kiss like this, but my climax was
approaching and so was hers.  She just looked at me queerly and smiled and
closed her eyes. 

Without the slightest warning, and with a snap of her body, she flung out her
arms.  As if in slow motion, she screamed and her entire weight was on her
dagger.  Her eyes opened wide as her body fell on the blade.  She just looked at
me with her eyes wide open as the dagger pierced her virgin flesh like it was
nothing. In a flash, it disappeared inside her and the weight of her body
slammed into the metal strapping.  My blade shot into my abdomen as her body
came to rest on top of me.  I screamed and instinctively placed my hands under
her arms in an attempt to lift her off.  She reached around me held on with all
of her strength further pushing the two blades into our bodies.  As insane as
this sounds, we both came in a final life changing explosion of shear pain and
delight.  I pumped into her as she rode my cock.  As my warm semen leaked out
around my hips, warm blood leaked out over my belly. 

When we recovered after a moment, I realized, as did Jennifer that this was
real.  There was a burning pain like I'd never felt before.  I felt warm and so
close to her.  I never imagined it could be this way.  She said, "now it's your
turn."  Jennifer reached around disconnecting her bungie cord and then mine and
pushed herself off of me. The blade made a deliciously horrible sucking sound as
she pulled away.  Her skin closed in around the wound. She winced and the blood
flowed from her body.  She pulled the device off of me and I cried out seeing
the small slit in my middle.  As I tried to stand and began to bleed at a good
clip. 

Jennifer grabbed the device and placed it high on her chest to the left of her
sternum and told me to hook her up.  "We are going for the kill this time." she
said.  I was amazed that this 100 lb woman had the strength to do this again. 
Sure, we could have called an ambulance and saved ourselves, but we both wanted
to die together and this was the only way.  I took my place and we were once
again connected.  She laid down on the bed with me on top of her this time.  The
daggers would surely pierce our hearts.  It would be my weight this time that
would thrust the blades into our bodies.  I got into position over her and could
feel the blade against my chest.  It was right over my heart. It was an
incredible sensation as we bled together and thought about dying.  She just
looked at me sweetly with blood leaking from the corner of her mouth and said,
"whenever you are ready."  My cock was hard again and I pushed it inside her
little body and fucked her hard and fast.  She wailed with both pain and
pleasure as I took her one last time.  My blade was pushing between my ribs and
her chest was bloody as her blade sliced the sweet delicate skin above her
breast.  We were both about to cum. 

"Now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", she yelled, as I let go and fell on top of her. 
The blades pierced our lungs and shot straight through to the heart.  I couldn't
speak from the pain as I came inside her.  I was crushing her body and blood was
gurgling out of her chest.  Her eyes were black and lifeless as her breathing
stopped, but there was a final contented smile on her face.  She gasped and her
vaginal muscles clamped around me as she died.  My own eyes dimmed as I choked
up blood.  I wanted to....................




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Lubber


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





