BDSM Library - Wife Poker




Wife Poker
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband loses his wife in a skillfull poker game, unhappy about moving she is, but soon learnes she can't leave the life she has been forced into. Sliding deeper into submission.. Story begins slow, getting much better and serious in later chapters..
Wife Poker



	PART 1: Goodbye John



	John waited. Beads of sweat began to form at his pulsing temples as he
held the terrible poker hand, that would lose him his beautiful wife. He hoped
to God that his opponent had a worse hand, but that was almost impossible. He
silently cursed his large ego, losing him thirty thousand dollars, an expensive
diamond encrusted watch, and now his wife was on the line. Closing his eyes
tightly, they both unveiled their hands...

	

	Kristy was lounging comfortably in the living room, reading the lastest
novel that John had bought for her at the Flea Market. Her long silky legs slid
casually underneath her, long blonde hair flowing across her shoulders. She
always knew she was pretty. Although she was very modest about it. Pale green
eyes and a small nose that fit perfectly to her face. She had soft, plush pink
lips and a perfect complexion. Her body was to die for also. A slim hourglass
waist, and slightly flared hips, with a little larger that average bust.

	She looked up as John walked into the room, followed by his poker
opponent, Tony Strovano. She never really liked Tony. He intimidated her
greatly. It wasn't that she was afraid of him, he just had the type of
personality that twists your arm into doing anything he wishes. He was a
powerful man, no doubt involved in illegal business. She never understood why
John had to associate with him...

	John had a solemn look on his face, something she had never seen in him,
and she suddenly grew curious.

	" John, what is it? Is your game done yet?", she asked casually, eyeing
Tony every now and then. He was standing right behind John, hands clasped by his
waist, a sly smile crossing his lips.

	"I.. have some bad news, Darling." John said in almost a whisper.

	"Well? What's wrong then?" ,she asked, growing a little impatient. She
never liked having to wait.



	Two of Tony's right-hand men walked in and stood right behind Tony. They
were both built extremely well. Broad shoulders and thick "tree-trunk" like
necks. She swallows hard as she eyed them. Then she noticed their guns. Her
heart almost lept into her throat. Trying not to make it noticeable that she was
scared as hell, she looked back at John casually.



	John came right up to Kristy, taking her by the arm gently, helping her
to her feet. He stared deep into her eyes, not breaking contact. She stared
back, trying to find any glimpse of worry in his face. John leaned in close,
hugging her tightly, and she hugged back, wondering why the sudden embrace.

	"I love you so much Kristy" John whispered into her ear.

	Kristy pulled back, facing John's sad gaze.



	"John, what is this all about? Honey, I love you too, but what is going
on?" , she said lovingly. She slid a strand of long blonde hair from her face,
tilting her head slightly.

	" You ... I.. " , John choked on his words, unable to form a sentence.
She could have sworn he was about to cry. Never in her life had he acted so
emotional, so depressed.

	"What he is trying to say..." , Kristy looked up as Tony cut in, " ...Is
that you have to go now."

	Kirsty's jaw dropped slightly.

	"Go? Go where.. what are you talking about?" , she spat back, becoming
more enraged than scared. She didn't like seeing her husband like this, in his
own home.

	

	Tony nodded, and one of his men came up beside him. Tony whispered
something into his ear and the man began to escort John out of the room. The
other man stayed standing behind Tony.

	" No, don't take him out of here, I want him here.. where are you taking
him?" , she flooded the man with questions as he roughly pushed John out the
door, both of them now out of sight.

	" There's no need for him to be around for this, Kristy." Tony calmly
stated. He stepped closer, and Kristy caught a whiff of his expensive cologne.
Her gaze met his and a chill instantly went up and down her spine. Why was she
so scared when he was in her presence, she wondered?

	" What the hell is going on around here?" , she asked him again,
clenching her fists.

	Tony then sauntered right up to her, sliding a ringlette of her hair
around his finger. "So fine, and beautiful.." he muttered, staring into her
widened eyes.

	Kristy instantly pulled away, sliding back a few steps, almost knocking
down a vase. " Don't touch me!" , she hollered to him. Tony simply smiled, "
Your attitude will change, in time.." she assured her calmly.

	Tony sat down in the big armchair across from her. " Sit. " he
commanded.

	" Why? " , Kristy challenged. That's when Tony nodded his head back
again, and the man who was standing at the door the whole time came over. Kristy
had forgotten all about him, and watched frightened as he came closer.

	The man seized Kristy by her slender forearms and sat her down roughly,
on the plush couch opposite Tony. She was so suprised she didn't even try to get
back up.  Then Tony had a short whispered conversation and the man left Him and
Kristy alone in the room.



	Tony looked at Kristy, his eyes suddenly becoming steely cold. " You're
quite a specimen Mrs. Joansman, or should I say Mrs. Strovano.", Tony smiled
wryly.

	Kristy's mind raced, Strovano? What the hell was he talking about? Was
he drunk? Oh god..

	" Excuse me? It's Mrs.Joansman! " she said, raising her voice at the
end.



	Tony let out a small snicker. He slid a cigar from his breast pocket,
lighting it and taking in deep.

	"Do NOT smoke in my house! " , commanded Kristy. Tony simply ignored her
and began speaking.

	"Your husband, lost a poker game tonight... and lost you in the
process." Tony said, sounding quite satisfied.

	"He always loses poker.. I know th- , He what?! " , Kristy stuttered,
just understanding the last part Tony said.

	" He put you in the stakes, and he lost. Along with thirty thousand
dollars and one of your diamond watches..." , Tony continued, " I can be a very
nice man, Kristy, you will learn that. Cross me, and I will hurt you. You have
to keep your part of the bargain up. Your my winnings, and you can do simply
nothing about it. I doubt you will want to stay here anyways, your husband so
casually threw you in as a stake..." Tony said, taking another large intake from
his cigar.

	" I'm going to finished the details with John in the parlour, you sit
here and think about what I've said.", and with that Tony slid up from the
chair, ditching the cigar in one of the ashtrays on the table , and left,
closing the door behind him.



	After Tony left, Kristy broke out into sobs. Lost me in a poker game?
John would never do that. Mrs. Strovano? No way.. she wouldn't go anywhere with 
him.. as his "winnings" , it just wasn't going to happen. She knew her and John
could find a way to make a deal with him. On the other hand, he was a powerful
illegal business man, he could do anything he wanted. She was wiping away her
tears when Tony came back in, two of his men behind him, escorting John in by
the shoulders.

	John saw her and instantly tried to go to her, but the men held him
back. " Don't cry baby, please don't cry. Everything will be alright..." , John
said, but they both knew it was a lie.

	" You have five minutes to gather three of your most cherished items,
Bruce will help you , you will then come down with him and we'll go." Tony
explained, not even looking at Kristy, but flipping through a small black book.

	" I'm not going anywhere." Kristy said, putting her foot down unsurely.

	" Oh?", Tony began, " I don't think you want to see me angry. It will be
bad for both you and your dear John.." , Tony finished, then gave the men
holding John a look and a nod.

	Kristy almost threw up when she saw what they were doing to John. The
two men, almost a foot taller than John, began punching and kicking him, and
soon John was unconcious.

	Kristy let out a sobbing cry, covering her mouth with her hands as more
tears fell down her rosey cheeks. She fell back onto the couch, sobbing
uncontrollably, her body shaking.

	Tony grabbed her by the shoulder, hooking his strong hand under her
armpit, and dragging her behind him to the front hall. Kristy could hardly
struggle back, she was crying too hard, looking back at Johns bruised and bloody
body laying limp on the floor.

	" I guess you want to leave the hard way. Forget your things, and take
one good look at this house, you won't be seeing it again i'm afraid." Tony said
as they entered the cool summer night, towards the limo Tony had arrived in...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  KayC


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





