BDSM Library - Dear Henry




Dear Henry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Letters from schoolgirl Kirsten to her uncle Henry, whom she has secretly seen sniffing her panties.  Kirsten tells him of her sexual exploits both in and out of school.
Dear Henry

You think I don't know, don't you?  You think I don't know what you've
been doing in my bedroom when I'm out of the house.  Well, I know all
about you're dirty little secret.  I came home early last week and
watched you through the keyhole.  I saw you going through my drawers.
You were looking through the drawer where I keep my panties.  I
watched you looking through all my panties.  You were taking my
panties out of the drawer and sniffing them.  That is so disgusting.
I could see you getting very excited. Oh yes, very excited.  I thought
you were going to make a mess in the front of your trousers.  Are you
some kind of pervert, going around sniffing the panties of eighteen
year old schoolgirls.  If I catch you again I'm going to have to
punish you Henry.  You remind me of my biology teacher, Keith, Keith
Harper.  Last week we were in class, learning about reproduction.
Like Keith was drawing all these pictures on the board.  Me and my
friend Heather were sitting at the front of the class.  Heather was
daring me to show him my panties, so I opened my legs really wide.  My
skirt was kind of short you know.  I always wear short skirts in
school.  Anyway, I opened my legs so he could see right up my skirt.
He was trying not to look but I knew he wanted to.  Every time he
turned round to the class I opened my legs again.  Eventually he
couldn't resist it and he kept looking right up my skirt.  I had very
tight white panties on.  Then he drew this big penis on the board.
Heather poked me in the side and I burst out laughing.  So Keith calls
me over to his desk and starts telling me off for laughing in class.
He says "Kirsten, I want to see you in my office after class".  So
anyway I went along after class and knocked on his door.  When I went
in he was sitting on a chair in front of his desk, not behind it like
ususal.  He says "Kirsten, you're a very naughty girl.  You're always
disrupting my class and I'm not going to have it any more".  I'm like
"Yeah, so what?  gimme a break".  But Keith says "You've gone too far
this time Kirsten.  I'm going to have to spank you".  I said "What!".
He says "I'm going to give you a good spanking, across my knee".  I
said you can't do that, and then he pulls out this letter from my Mum,
saying  "If Kirsten is a naughty girl you have my permission to spank
her".  So I protest but he brings me over to his chair, sits down and
puts me across his knee.  I said "Please sir, don't spank me.  There
are things I could do for you instead".  But he doesn't listen to me.
He started spanking me on the back of my skirt.  It didn't hurt too
much and I started laughing.  Next thing he pulls up my skirt.  I
couldn't believe he was doing that.  He didn't start spanking me again
right away.  First he started groping my bottom, sort of feeling it
and stroking it.  I said "hey, stop fondling my bum!".  He spanked me
really hard the next time so I stopped complaining and just let him do
it.  I could feel something hard in the front of his trousers,
pressing against me.  I don't like to say but it felt quite nice.
Then he pulls down my panties and carries on spanking me on my bare
arse.  I could hear him starting to breathe really heavy, while he's
saying "You're a very...
very...naughty...girl....and...you....deserve....a...real....good...spanking...K
irsten".
When he'd finished spanking me he made me take my panties off and
leave them on his desk, then made me go and stand in the corner,
facing the wall with my hands on my head.  I could hear him behind me,
still breathing all heavy like.  I heard him unzip his trousers and it
sounded like he was abusing himself, but I couldn't turn round to
look.  I heard him groan, then shuffle about.  Eventually he let me
turn around.  He said I could go now.  I asked him if I could put my
panties back on but he said no.  It looked like he was going to keep
them.  I didn't know why at the time but now I've seen what you were
up to I think I can guess what he was going to do with them.  So
Henry, if I catch you sniffing my panties again I am going to put you
across my knee and spank you.  You're a very dirty old man, drooling
over eighteen year old blonde schoolgirls.  Then I'll make you lie
down on the bed, hitch up my school skirt and sit on your face.  Then
we'll see just how much you like being so close to my panties, when
you've got my big round teenage bottom sitting on your face, so you
can't breathe, unless it's through my panties.  Only, I think you
might enjoy it.  You'd enjoy that Henry, wouldn't you, having a blonde
teenage schoolgirl sitting on your face.  I guess I'll just have to
think of another way to punish you.

Love
Kirsten


Dear Henry,

Remember that teacher I told you about, Mr Harper, who spanked my bottom then
wouldn't let me have my knickers back?  Well, a few days later he invited me
back to his office.  I thought I was in trouble again, but I wasn't.  When I got
there he sort of apologised, saying he'd been a bit harsh.  Then he said he
wanted to make it up to me.  He had this friend who ran a hardware shop, who was
looking for some extra help on Saturday mornings and he'd recommended me
because, despite all my misbehaving in class I was actually rather good at
maths.  This friend, Mr Parker, had had some trouble with previous assistants
who couldn't add up properly and he was tired of customers complaining that they
had been given the wrong change.  Well Henry, as you can imagine I jumped at the
chance.  I've been looking for a Saturday job for ages and this one sounded easy
enough.

I went along for the first time last Saturday.  Mr Parker is a very friendly
man.  His shop is tucked away on the industrial estate - you'd hardly know it
was there.  He sells all sorts of stuff from screws and nails to big machines
that I don't even understand.  He must be about fifty years old, with greying
hair and those half-moon spectacles that some people like.  He peered down his
nose through them as he explained my duties.  I had to sell things at the till,
get stuff from the top shelves when customers couldn't reach and also do some
stock checking in the store room behind the counter.  I wasn't the only one
working for him.  He has two young lads too, Martin and Hugh.  They must be both
about twenty as I think I remember them being in sixth form a couple of years
ago.  I was surprised when he told me I had to wear a uniform, like I was
serving in a burger bar or something.  The boys had their own, but being the
only female there he'd got one specially for me.  He sent me into the back room
to change.  There was no lock on the door but he promised me nobody would be
able to see me.  The outfit was a bit small, to tell the truth, and slightly
unusual for the kind of work I was doing.  It consisted of a sweatshirt
emblazoned with the shop logo, a baseball cap, and a rather short pleated skirt,
matching the sweatshirt.  I was allowed to keep my trainers and socks on, but he
did check that the soles were non-slip, as he didn't want me to fall off a
ladder and hurt myself.  As I was standing there in just my knickers and
sweatshirt, Hugh burst in, carrying a large box.  He looked a bit embarrassed
and left apologetically, though I think he lingered and looked a little longer
than was necessary.  I blushed and covered the front of my knickers with my hand
but I know he saw everything.  After Hugh had gone I put on my skirt, and
discovered that it was well above my knees.  I don't know where they got such a
short skirt from.  I peered sheepishly round the door, almost afraid to come
out, but when Mr Parker reappeared he was all flustered about getting ready to
open the shop in time and he didn't seem to have time to discuss the dimensions
of my outfit.

At nine o'clock the door was opened to the public.  Nobody came in for the first
twenty minutes.  Martin and Hugh, though, seemed very busy.  They kept having to
squeeze past me behind the counter as they went about their duties.  It was a
very tight squeeze and it was difficult for them to get past me without rubbing
themselves firmly against me.  Martin kept using his hands to gently move me
aside, and because of my short skirt his hands tended to brush against my bare
thighs.  Presently the first customer came in.  He busied himself around the
shop, filling his basket with various items before arriving at the checkout.  I
added up the total for him and asked if there was anything else.  His eyes
drifted up to the shelves above my head and he asked if he could have a packet
of half inch washers.  Obligingly I fetched the step ladder and cimbed up to get
them.  I still had trouble reaching and had to stretch up to the highest shelf. 
I knew that if he was looking he would be able to see right up my skirt.  I took
down a packet.  "These ones?" I asked him.  No, he wanted the brass ones.  So I
had to stretch up again.  I got down from the ladder with his washers.  He paid
and left.  Another customer came in a few minutes later.  He also wanted some
washers.  After he'd gone the first man came back and said that he didn't want
the brass ones after all, so up the ladder I went once again to get the right
ones for him.

As the morning wore on more and more customers came, and they all wanted
washers.  The first man came back twice more, and each time I had to climb the
ladder for him.  When he left the final time he left behind five pounds of his
change.  I called after him but he looked over his shoulder and muttered
something about a tip.  I didn't think people tipped in shops like this one, but
I gratefully tucked it into my shoe as I didn't have any pockets to use. 
Eventually, inevitably, I ran out of washers.  I found Mr Parker out the back
and told him.  As luck would have it he had a supply of them in the store and he
took me into the storeroom to show me where they were.  Martin and Hugh seemed
to exchange knowing glances as they took over the counter in my absence.  As Mr
Parker followed me round the storeroom looking for the stock of washers he kept
pointing out boxes on the lower shelf.  I had to bend over to search through
these boxes one at a time, but my search was fruitless.  He couldn't seem to
remember which one they were in.  As he stood behind me he seemed to be playing
with something in his pocket.  I joked to him that maybe he'd left them in his
pocket by mistake.  I was surprised when he suggested that I might want to look
in there too.  I thought about it for a moment.  I don't know why but I slowly
said "OK".  Mr Parker was quite red in the face as he removed his hand from his
pocket, and I put mine in.  I could feel something hard in there, like I felt
when the teacher was spanking me across his lap, but it certainly wasn't a
washer.  Something came over me then and I started to get carried away.  As I
massaged him through his pocket he put his hand up my skirt and held one of the
cheeks of my bottom.  He started breathing very heavily and I thought he was
going to pass out or something.  Then he asked me if I would put it in my mouth. 
I didn't know what to say to that, so I didn't say anything.  He undid his
trousers and dropped them right in front of me.  Can you imagine, Henry, he
didn't even have any pants on!  Suddenly I was faced with this hard purple thing
sticking out from under his shirt.  Mr Parker was such a kind and helpful man
and I decided that I would do this for him.  I've never done anything like that
before.  I got down on my knees in front of him and he eagerly thrust it in my
face.  I tentatively kissed the end of it and he really liked that.  Then I
licked it a bit and he liked that even more.  Eventually I took the plunge and
took the whole of the end of it into my mouth, then began to suck it.  In
seconds he jerked and my mouth was suddenly full of sticky goo from the end of
his willy.  I didn't like the taste and tried to spit it out, but it just
dribbled down my chin.  As I was wiping it off my face Martin and Hugh came into
the back room.  They wasted no time in removing their own trousers as the
approached me, still kneeling on the floor.  Martin's cock was much bigger than
Mr Parker's, and Hugh's was only slightly smaller.  It was quite clear what they
had in mind and I obliged by sucking both of them off, as Mr Parker, who had
recovered, sat on the floor beside me, feeling my arse and trying to put his
hand inside my knickers.  Martin tried to get me to swallow it but I just
couldn't.  Hugh just shot it all over my face.  Mr Parker was very excited
watching his two lads using me like this, and had managed to get himself hard
again.  He asked me if I would let him fuck me.  I didn't let him, Henry.  Do
you think I should?  It seemed a step too far, and I know the boys would have
wanted to have a go too.  I might have found it hard to walk home after that! 
It was already past closing time by then so the boys helped me clean myself up
and Hugh kindly walked me back to the town centre, back in my own clothes.  I
didn't have any knickers on under my jeans by that time.  I let Mr Parker have
them, you see.   He wants me to come back again next week.  Apparently he made
more profit that morning than for the whole of the week before.  And the man who
bought all those washers asked if he could come and watch next time.  My teacher
has been giving me knowing looks all week.  What do you think Henry, should I
go? I know you'd like to fuck me too Henry, but you don't deserve it.  Perhaps
I'll tell you all about what happens the next time I sit on your face.  It will
teach you to sniff my panties without asking, won't it?

Love Kirsten.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Strinian


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





