BDSM Library - How I Became Masters Plaything




How I Became Masters Plaything
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story based on my actual introduction into the world of BDSM and especially Domination. Even after 17 years I am still Masters occassional slave!HOW I BECAME MASTER&rsquo;S PLAYTHING 

 
By HAJIM 

It all started by accident. I was rushing out of Grace Bros without looking where I was going. I cannoned into a man so hard that I knocked him down. I instantly went to help him up. I said  &ldquo;Sir, I&rsquo;m so sorry, Sir. I hope I haven&rsquo;t hurt you. Please let me help you, Sir.&rsquo; He looked at me rather strangely but took my hand and got up. He looked rather shaken so I said, &ldquo;Sir, let me buy you a cup of coffee as a small recompense for the damage I have done&rdquo; 

He nodded and I took him to a better-class caf&eacute; in Martin Place where we had service and privacy. We sat next to each other in a little cubicle and when the coffee came we started talking. Firstly, I apologised again for knocking him over, again calling him &ldquo;Sir&rdquo;. He said &ldquo; No need for all this &ldquo;Sir&rdquo; business just call me Duncan and what do I call you? And tell me a bit about yourself as you seem an interesting person to me.&rdquo; 

I said, &ldquo; My name is Jack Ling. I&rsquo;m a retired policeman. I&rsquo;m 54 and as I was bored, I went back to work and am now working part-time in David Jones in the men&rsquo;s outfitting section where we always call our customers &ldquo;Sir&rdquo; unless we know their surname. What do you do, Duncan?&rdquo; 

He said that he ran a printing company but left most of the day-to day work to his manager, only going in to the office once or twice a week. He then asked me what other interests I had and what was my family status. 

I told him that I was married with 4 adult children and that I was a member of a men&rsquo;s society and did some voluntary work with various organisations. 

Duncan said that he would like to meet me again and that he might have an interesting proposal for me to spend some spare time. We decided to meet in two days time at the same caf&eacute; at lunchtime. 

I was intrigued as to what Duncan meant by  &ldquo;an interesting proposal&rdquo; so was glad when it was lunchtime.  He wanted to pay for my meal but I insisted that I was still atoning for knocking him over. Whilst we ate, Duncan quizzed me about various things including how I got on with my wife. He had a natural ability to put me at ease so I was able to tell him that although we still loved each other, nowadays we didn&rsquo;t have sex as Rose had gone off that a long time ago. Duncan was sympathetic and asked if I missed it- to which I said that of course I missed it! He then asked when was I free to spend some time with him. I was rather surprised at this but indicated that I had a day off on the following Monday and that Rose was going out with some friends.  

&ldquo;Then come to my place, &ldquo; he said. &ldquo; I live not far from Bondi and we can spend the day getting to know each other-er-better!&rdquo; 

So, with some trepidation, I arrived at Duncan&rsquo;s house in Bondi, having travelled by bus and train from my home in Hurstville. It was a nice looking house with a well-kept garden. I rang the bell and Duncan quickly answered it. He invited me in and asked if I would like a cool drink. -I said I would and we went outside to have them where I found a swimming pool. We sat and Duncan talked about what he had been doing since I saw him last. Then he said, &ldquo;Would you like a swim? Now, I know what you are going to say-no togs! Well, I always swim in the nude as no one can see into the garden. So how about it?&rdquo; 

The water looked very inviting so I thought &ldquo;What the hell!&rdquo; So we stripped off and went into the pool. After about a quarter of an hour, Duncan said that he had had enough for the time being and got out and towelled himself and sat in a chair, still naked. So I did the same. We sat in the warm sunshine and then Duncan looked at my cock and said it was a nice size and asked me if I masturbated! I was rather embarrassed but he said not to be shy, so I told him I wanked about 2 or 3 times a week. I looked at his cock and balls and saw that his cock was smaller than mine and that he had a mass of black hair whilst mine was fine and blond going grey. I asked him how often he jacked off. He smiled and said most times he came by fucking but occasionally he pulled himself off.  

Then it was lunch-time. Duncan had some delicious filled rolls, which he brought out together with some wineglasses and produced a bottle of wine from the bar fridge by the pool. Of course, we were still unclothed; but I didn't seem to mind as I was quite at ease with Duncan by now. Our conversation was on many things but eventually got back to sex. He asked if I had been with anyone other than my wife; I answered that I had tried a prostitute in a brothel but there only seemed to be one girl available and she was fat and ugly! I said I didn&rsquo;t enjoy it at all. 

He rose from his chair and came and stood by me and then he bent down and gently stroked my cock! I certainly wasn&rsquo;t expecting this, but I didn&rsquo;t try to stop him as I found it stimulating and soon had a hard on. I very gingerly touched his cock and he said that it was good. He pulled me to my feet and led me inside and we lay on his bed. Then he kissed me and played with my cock again! I didn&rsquo;t know how to handle this situation-one half of me wanted to say &ldquo;Stop!&rdquo; but the other half wanted Duncan to continue in his gentle playing. He played with my cock gently at first then harder and faster. He pulled my hand on to his cock and soon I was rubbing him up as strongly as he was me- he started shouting &ldquo;Lovely! Oh yes!&rsquo; and then shot his cum over his body, but he still played with me until I came too! 

We lay quietly for about 5 minutes then Duncan said &ldquo;Well, Jack, did you enjoy that? I told you the other day that I had &ldquo; an interesting proposal.&rdquo;  

I replied that I had found it wonderful and asked if we could do it again.  Duncan looked surprised and said that he thought I had not had sexual relations with a man before, yet I was anxious for more. I told him that he was right but that today had been an eye-opener as I hadn&rsquo;t realised just how powerful sexual urges were-with that I kissed him. He held me to him and put his tongue into my mouth-absolute heaven! He suggested we had a shower, then perhaps another swim. We went into his bathroom, which was quite old-fashioned but had no bath but a 2-person shower. We got in the shower together and washed each other paying special attention to our cocks Then another short swim and then we dressed. Duncan made me a coffee and we arranged to meet again for lunch next week and for me to come for another session in a month&rsquo;s time. 

The lunch went off well. Duncan asked me again if I had enjoyed the day with him. I said I had even though it was the first time I had been with a man. Again, Duncan smiled and said we might try something else next time! 

The month passed and I eagerly went to the house in Bondi. This time we lost no time in stripping and we swam then had our drink. Then Duncan told me to go to the bedroom and lie down. We played with each other, then he asked me to roll over so that I was face down. He asked if I had been fucked by a man before. I, of course, said I hadn&rsquo;t. With that he started playing with my arse, putting a finger inside me, then two fingers and eventually three. I found this very stimulating! He was very gentle as he did this and he said he didn&rsquo;t want to hurt me. Then he got me to open my legs and I felt a cold sensation around my hole. Then I felt something pushing into my hole! I wasn&rsquo;t expecting this as it hurt as he pressed into me. I cried out but Duncan persisted ignoring my pleas to stop and I felt more pain until suddenly his cock got past whatever was impeding it and I felt a warm feeling of contentment even though it was mixed with some hurt. He thrust into me and got more stirred up and suddenly yelled that he was coming and shot his load into me!  In a couple of minutes he rolled off me and lay next to me very quiet. My bum was still sore but I didn&rsquo;t seem to mind much- what I wanted most of all was to come. I told Duncan this and he said he would see to it in a few minutes. I turned on to my back and he slowly started playing with my hard cock. After a few minutes he got up and then put my cock into his mouth! Another first for me! He sucked it and then I shouted that I was cumming! He stopped sucking and took his mouth away from my cock just as a load of hot spunk shot out. We lay on the bed for a quarter of an hour then had a shower and dressed and so ended my initiation to having sex with a man-very enjoyable even though I had found it painful. 

This became the pattern for our encounters-he always fucked me, then sometimes he would suck me, sometimes he would wank me and sometimes he would leave me to pull myself off. 

However after about a year of these meetings there came a day when things were changed. I had some difficulty in travelling so that I was about 15 minutes late for our meeting. Duncan was very cross and said he was going to punish me. He told me to lie across the bed then showed me a heavy belt with which he then proceeded to thrash my bum 15 times which he said was one for each minute I was late. He also added another 6 for the offence of being late! Then it was back to the normal routine of swim, play and fuck and wank. Afterwards he said that in future I would be punished for any disobedience and was I prepared to accept it? 

I immediately said,  &ldquo;Yes! I actually enjoyed the thrashing! Now, why should that be?&rsquo; Duncan answered that I shouldn&rsquo;t worry about my feelings- if I enjoyed it. Then why worry? 

So most days when I went to Bondi, I received a thrashing and at my request they got longer and more severe until I was receiving as many as 100 lashes a meeting! I was also disciplined separately for any &lsquo;offences&rsquo; Duncan perceived so that I might end up with well over the 100 strokes. Duncan said that I only had to say the safe words of &ldquo;The Bridge&rdquo; and he would stop immediately but that he would not be willing to re-commence that day. By this time I was calling him Master and had got round to sucking his cock, although he was always fearful that I would bite it! 

One day when I arrived at Duncan&rsquo;s house, he told me not to strip as he had another of his surprises for me. However, he still ordered me to bend over and take 10 strokes of his belt. We went through to his kitchen and there was a big man there who was introduced as Eric. Duncan said that Eric liked being fucked and that I should fuck him. We sat talking and drinking coffee for a short time then we all went into the bedroom and Eric and I stripped. We lay on the bed and played with each other then Eric turned and put my cock into his mouth- but only for a short time for he turned face down with his legs wide and I started to play with his bum and Duncan came with some cream which I put on my cock and his hole. I tried to get inside him but being new to this I had some difficulty but again Duncan came to the rescue and help to guide me in- I felt my cock slip right into him and it was a wonderful sensation! I rode Eric hard and had a tremendous orgasm-Gee! If this is what fucking a man is like what have I been missing! Later Eric left and Duncan fucked me as usual.  Since then I have occasionally fucked some of Duncan&rsquo;s friends but it is usually just the two of us. 

A typical session might go like this. I ring the bell. Duncan answers, we kiss deeply and gets me to bend over a chair in the hall and gives me about 6 strokes as a welcome. Then we go to the family room at the back of the house and I make coffee for both of us. Then Duncan says he needs a piss so I have to strip and we go to the bathroom where I kneel in the shower and receive Master&rsquo;s piss all over me and into my mouth. Then I am ordered to the Punishment Room, which is actually a small bedroom but the pride of place goes to a massage table. I have to get up on the table and lie down on my stomach.  Duncan then ties me tightly with ropes, with my arms being tied to the front legs and my legs to the back part but with added roping under the table to force my legs wide apart. In this position I receive 25 lashes from Duncan&rsquo;s thick belt all delivered from the one side. Then he creams my bum, which is quite sore and penetrates me- but he makes sure he doesn&rsquo;t come. Then he pulls out and goes to the other side and administers another 25, following up with another penetration.  Then I am untied and we go into the main bedroom where there is a double bed. Duncan lies down says the one word &ldquo;Tongue!&rdquo; I know what I have to do. 

I get down on my knees and lick and kiss my way up his body, starting with the soles of his feet and paying special attention to his hole. He reckons that I have a wonderful tongue and he&rsquo;s ecstatic as my tongue arouses hum there. Then I carry on right up to the top of his head with nibbles on the ears then I go down again right back to the other sole. Then he turns over and I do the same on his front paying special attention this time to his cock, his balls and his tits. Then I lie down next to him and fondle him as he fondles me. Then its time for the second part of my thrashing. I lie on the bed and Duncan gives me the same 2 lots of 25 lashes with a penetration between. I always have to count the strokes and thank him (one-thank you, Master and so on) and if I don&rsquo;t say it before the next lash then it doesn&rsquo;t count so I get an extra stroke. After he has finished my beating, he then gets into serious fucking mood! He oils me up again and enters me-if I &ldquo;play up&rdquo; he gives another 5 lashes. Once he is happy with his position he rides me very hard until he starts to yell and I know he is coming to a big climax. As he comes down we lie together quietly whilst I play with myself,. Sometimes he will masturbate me and more rarely he will suck me off but eventually I have the most wonderful climax. Then we wind down a bit more, have a drink and then it is time for me to go. 

 I am still learning after nearly 16 years. But I&rsquo;m glad I bumped into that man outside Grace Brothers! 

THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hajim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





