BDSM Library - Dinner by Design




Dinner by Design
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story was inspired by Dolcett's drawings "Dinner by Design."
Dinner by Design 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 01 "Final Review." 

Warning - 
Dolcett is one of the most extreme artists around the world. He draws 
people (mostly women) in positions of asphyxiation, cannibalism, impalement, 
snuff, etc. This story follows his work very closely and I don't hold back 
from telling it like it is. If you are not comfortable with descriptions of 
this extreme erotica, then I highly recommend you don't proceed any further. 
The story codes that are required by the BDSMLibrary.com website are there 
for a reason. You have been warned. 

______________________ 

Kay Milton was sitting at her desk reading her report, when her room-mate 
burst into the room. Kay looked up frowning from the abrupt intrusion only 
to find her room-mate completely naked and wet. The towel she hung around 
her neck barely covered anything. 

"Kel? What are you doing?" asked Kay who was still getting use to her 
room-mates funny ways. 

Kay waited for Kelly to stop laughing. With tears in her eyes Kelly told 
Kay they had caught a nerd and dragged him up to the girls showers. They 
tied him down and gave him multiple lap dances. When the nerd's cock was 
as hard as stone, they send him running without any clothes on. 

"Won't you get into trouble?" asked Kay who was obviously the good one 
out of the two. 

Kelly barked another laugh. "Whose he going to tell? and they wouldn't 
believe him anyway." 

Kay returned to proofreading her report while Kelly dressed. Finally Kay 
dropped her pen onto her desk. It rolled under a book titled Cannibalism. 

"Phew! Finally done. I'm now ready for my reviews." said Kay stretching 
her sore neck muscles. 

Kelly looked up from tying her shoes. "God Kay, you're amazing ... I can 
barely get through one major and you're doing two." 

A smiling Kay turned in her seat to look at her room-mate. "Thanks Kelly. 
I know I'll ace the Electrical Engineering. The spit I designed works 
great ... but I'm a little worried about my Social Sciences Thesis. 
Professor Johns is such a pain in the ass about proof, and I can't really 
provide any." 

A shiver tingled Kelly's spine. They had been over this aspect of Kay's 
thesis a number of times already. She walked over to Kay and put her arms 
around her room-mates shoulders. Her naked breasts pushed against Kay's 
upper back and neck. 

"Well jeeezee Kay! Its a cool thesis but you can't expect any girls on 
this campus to volunteer to be roasted." 

Kay loved it when Kelly pressed her boobs into her back. She wriggled a 
little and Kelly tightened her grip. Kay had never known anyone to have 
fantastic skin like Kelly. Her boobs were just so smooth and silky. Kay 
often wondered what it would be like to eat them. 

"I know." said Kay sighing. "Oh well, I better get a shower or I'll be 
late." 

Kelly lightly bit Kay's ear before letting go. She threw on a shirt, 
picked up her bag and opened the door to leave. "Talk later." 

"Later." responded Kay, already missing the feeling of Kelly's boobs. 

Kay stretched her arms up above her head and let them fall onto the desk 
in front of her. Her breasts bounced from her movements and she scratched 
at her cleavage. 

A few minutes later she was being soothed by a nice warm shower. Thoughts 
flitted through her mind about her thesis. She really wanted to get a top 
mark but she knew Professor Johns was the toughest marker on the campus. 
Again she wondered about how she could find someone to test her spitting 
machine on, but as quickly as she came up with ideas she had to discard 
them. 

She then realised she was rubbing her pussy lips. The idea of being 
spited had occurred to her before but only in theory. She wondered how 
it would actually feel if a large metal spit was inserted into her vagina. 
How would she react to the cold metal knowing she would only be seconds 
away from permanent injury leading to certain death. 

A warm surge flowed up through her body. The warm water and her impending 
orgasm pulled her mind away from the thesis. She continued to rub her 
cunt lips. After a few minutes she shook from her orgasm and breathed 
deeply from her exertions. 

Kay dried her body off and quickly got dressed. She had no idea what the 
time was and her ass would be grass if she was late for her verbal review. 
Kay returned to her room and saw the clock. She didn't need to rush after 
all. She had at least half an hour to panic before her review. 

_____________________________ 

"Why include only women in your theory Ms. Milton?" 

Kay swallowed. Not only was she nervous as hell, but Professor Johns was 
really asking some tough questions. Kay looked into the Professor's eyes. 
They were sharp and seemed to be reading her like a book. His peppered 
beard had a small tinge of grey in it but Kay wondered if the Professor 
actually dyed it that way. For someone who was in his late 40s, the 
Professor was in great shape. 

Kay realised she hadn't given the Professor an answer. His female 
assistant, Karyn, stood beside him beckoning Kay to give an answer. 

"Well Professor, the population explosion is due to women giving birth 
... plus a woman's body is naturally more tender, and meatier in certain 
areas." 

Kay knew she fumbled that answer. However the Professor didn't seem to 
notice, he was reading her machine diagrams with a keen interest. 

"Very well thought out Ms. Milton, and your electric spit design certainly 
meets our criteria for the electrical engineering exam ... but the social 
science application of cannibalism is still only a theory." 

Kay felt defeated. She knew the Professor wanted proof. Anything written 
on paper was simply theory to him. Kay knew she could pass the exam, but 
she wanted more. She wanted to get top marks. Kay sat down in her seat 
beside her electric spit. She spend months getting the right materials to 
create her design. The cool metal stood placidly beside her like a pet dog. 

"Ms. Milton, your thesis is fascinating." said the Karyn. "The design and 
engineering of the electric spit is excellent." 

Kay smiled at the assistant. 

"But we can't give you the grade this work deserves without proof." 

Kay stopped smiling. In fact, she felt her stomach drop. She figured it 
was time to face facts. 

"I know but I don't know of anyone who would volunteer to be roasted. 
Isn't there anything I can do to improve my grade? Please?" begged Kay. 

The Professor raised an eyebrow to his assistant, then nodded his 
approval. 

"Well, we do have a suggestion." said the assistant looking back at 
Professor Johns. "But it will involve some risk on your part ... the 
faculty is prepared to award you a Masters degree, with honours and pay 
for your PhD studies if you're willing to take part in a small game of 
chance." 

"Umm ... Okay, I'm listening." said Kay. 

Professor Johns pulled out a small bag from his back pocket. He opened 
it and emptied the contents into his hand. There were four white balls 
and one black one. Kay looked up at the Professor. 

"A simple game Kay ... pull any of the white balls from this bag and you're 
on your way to your doctorate." 

"... and the black ball?" 

"You attend the faculty dinner at 7pm tonight ... as the main course." 

Kay wasn't really as shocked as she thought she would be. The rewards in 
the game were what she wanted for the last five years. 

"After all, according to your paper, Cannibalism is something we should 
accept even if we're the ones being eaten." continued the Professor. 

Kay couldn't argue that point, and she couldn't bear to let a years worth 
of work go down the drain because she pulled back now. Besides, the odds 
were pretty good she'd pull a white ball out. 

"I do believe that Professor. Alright, I'll do it. If I lose I'll be 
proud to be served at the faculty dinner. 

"Okay Ms. Milton, take a ball." 

Professor Johns offered her the bag. Kay reached in and fumbled with the 
balls. Dismissing some, feeling others. 

"I can't believe I'm doing this." said Kay. "But four to one odds are 
hard to pass up ... here goes." and Kay withdrew her hand with the ball 
in between her fingers. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Dinner by Design 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 02 "Life's Destiny." 

Kay Milton stood there dumbstruck. In between her fingers was her life's 
destiny, and it was black. 

The Professor took the black ball from Kay's hand. "Too bad Kay, it seems 
you get to prove your thesis afterall." 

"Oh God! I can't believe I picked the black one." Kay said in disbelief. 

"I'm sorry but we will hold you to the deal." said the Professor. 

"Oh .. um ... Yes of course. I'll keep my end of the bargain." said Kay 
looking down. 

The Professor lifted Kay's chin so they could look each other in the eyes. 
Kay sensed the Professor seemed apologetic. 

"Look at the bright side Ms. Milton. I'll publish your thesis .. you'll 
be famous." 

Kay swallowed noisily. "Thank you Professor. I guess I'm yours now. What 
should I do?" 

The Professor smiled. "Let's see what we've won. Strip please." 

While Kay removed her clothing Professor Johns made a phone call. Kay was 
removing her bra when he hung up the phone. 

"That was the dean on the phone ... he's looking forward to having you 
for the faculty dinner tonight." 

"Will there be a lot of people there Professor?" said Kay dropped her bra 
onto the desk. 

"About thirty I should think ... full attendance now that you're on the 
menu." 

Kay smiled. She didn't even get half that many at her last birthday party. 
She noticed that the Professor was looking her up and down. 

"Panties too! As your paper says there's no need for modesty .. since you 
are, as you put it, livestock." 

Kay realised she had subconsciously covered her breasts with her hands. 
Being an intended meal wasn't what she expected to be doing today. 

"Sorry Professor, this has been kind of sudden ... but I mean what I said. 
Um? ... How will I be cooked?" 

The Professor pointed at Kay's machine. "On your electric spit prototype 
of course. I wouldn't deprive you of seeing your invention at work first 
hand." 

"Thank you. I think it will do an excellent job of roasting my body." 

The Professor smirked. Even Kay didn't believe she had just said that. 

"That brings up a question Ms. Milton, the directions you've outlined call 
for the selection to be impaled and roasted alive for as long as possible." 

Kay sullenly nodded. "Yes, that's true. But since I've never tried anyone 
on this machine before, I don't ... what I mean to say is, I should at 
least start roasting alive. I don't know how long I'll last but it should 
make a difference." 

The Professor read over the plans again. "Ms. Milton I'm looking forward 
to eating you ... but roasting you alive seems a little barbaric .. I can 
rig a noose out back and we can hang you, it will be much more humane?" 

Even Kay thought that was a good idea, but she decided against it. She 
knew she was going to die so she might as well go out with a bang. 
"No, that's not necessary. I want to do this right. Interviews with old 
island cannibals insisted that if they roasted a "long pig" live the meat 
tasted better." 

Secretly Kay jumped for joy inside. Now she was no longer nervous she was 
at ease answering her thesis questions. Secretly jumping for joy too was 
the Professor. He had always wanted to spit a woman for roasting. 

"Well okay. The process seems rather simple ... alive it is then. Anything 
else before we begin?" 

"Um ... well? I do have a request ... I've built a 'Kill' button on the 
spit. My research indicated if I'm cooked alive for thirty minutes it 
would tenderize me enough. So you could finish me." 

The Professor was intrigued. Kay had really through this through. 
"How does it work?" 

"Electrocution ... I've always been turned on by electric current." 

Kay smiled at her own joke. Unfortunately both the Professor and his 
Karyn missed it completely. 

Kay pushed her panties down to her ankles. "You two might want to change 
into old clothes. This could get kind of messy." 

"No problem. We can just strip and do you." said Karyn. 

"Okay." said Kay. She had caught Karyn licking her lips. Kay looked to 
the Professor who was removing his shirt. "You'll have to shave my pussy 
... that is if someone intends to eat that part?" 

The Professor started unbuckling his belt. "Oh yes Ms. Milton ... I'd love 
to try that particular cut but the dean has requested it ... raw." 

"Oh?!" responded Kay. "Please tell dean Martin I hope he enjoys it. I'm 
sorry there isn't more to go around." 

Karyn walked off. "I'll go and get a razor and towel." 

Kay was watching the Professor as he stared at Karyn's pert ass as she 
left the room. Kay was distracted by the Professor huge hard on. He was 
so turned on by the idea of spiting his student. Suddenly the Professor 
looked back at her, and smiled. 

"Don't worry Ms. Milton. With those incredible breasts, belly, ass and 
thighs none of the teachers will go home hungry." 

Oddly enough, this helped Kay to relax. She finally had resigned herself 
to being roasted for the dinner tonight. Kay and the Professor were looking 
over each other's body when Karyn returned with a bag of safety razors 
and shaving cream. It was then Kay realised that Karyn had no pubic hair. 

"As you can see Karyn has some experience shaving those delicate lips so 
I'll let her do the honours." said the Professor. 

Karyn smiled and put her hand on Kay's shoulder. "Just lay down over there 
Kay. I can take off that little patch in no time." 

And sure enough, a short time later Kay's pubic hair was gone. 

"Thanks Karyn." said Kay. 

"No problems Kay ... you have a beautiful cunt ... I imagine it will be 
delicious." 

'Typical girls' thought the Professor. 'If they're not talking about the 
size of the boobs its how nice their cunts look.' 

"Roll over on to your tummy please Kay." said the Professor handing a 
squeeze bottle to his assistant. 

Kay complied. She felt Karyn and the Professor squirting cooking oil all 
over her body. She enjoyed the massage but was shocked when she felt 
something hard pushing into her pussy. Kay looked over her shoulder and 
was relieved to see it was Professor Johns, and not the metal spit. 

"Aahhh ... I hope you don't consider this taking advantage Ms. Milton but 
it will be the last chance to fuck you." 

Kay was enjoying the thrusting to care about morality. "Of course not 
Professor. It will help to relax me a little before ... the next step??!" 

The Professor could feel Kay's vagina muscle clench from her shock 
realisation. He was in heaven. 

"You have such a great attitude about this Kay. I don't think I could be 
so calm knowing I'd be turning on a spit in an hour." 

Kay breathed in deeply to calm herself and enjoy the Professor's cock 
inside her. "I'm scared shitless but I'm also turned on. I just didn't 
think I'd be the first girl to be roasted around here." 

The Professor was pounding into Kay's vagina. He took hold of her hips 
and pushed in as deep as he could go. "I'll have to try a slice of one 
of these beautiful hams." he said staring at Kay's ass-cheeks. 

Kay groaned from the orgasm flooding through her body. Her skin felt 
hot and oily. She felt the Professor withdraw his cock. She knew it would 
be covered in semen. How she missed hearing the dean walk into the room 
was beyond her. 

"Well Hello there Dick ... Karyn. I see you're taking good care of the 
dinner preparations. Ms. Milton you look delicious. I'm looking forward 
to a very special dinner." said the dean. 

Kay smiled. She hardly ever talked to the dean and she could feel her 
cheeks burn with embarrassment. Here she was on a table with cum leaking 
out of her cunt, oil all over her skin and was completely naked. 

"Thank you dean Martin. I hope I meet everyone's expectations." 

"Don't worry about it Kay." said Karyn rubbing more oil into Kay's body. 
"You're going to be delicious." 

"We really can't go wrong ... as long as the spit works as you've said. 
The meat is top quality." said the Professor. 

Kay knew she was being complimented, but wasn't entirely sure how. Kay 
stood up and nearly fell over from the oil on her feet. The Professor 
grabbed hold of her. 

"Okay?" he asked. Kay nodded. She felt the Professor tying her wrists 
with rope together behind her back. 

"Ahh .. Kay. I just wanted to say how excited we all are about the dinner. 
I hope you're not too upset about the situation." 

"I'm alright dean Martin. Just a little nervous. I just hope after all is 
said and done that I actually taste good. I guess I'll never know." said 
Kay. 

Professor Johns finished tying the knot. "I'm sure you'll be delicious 
Ms. Milton ... do you have any last requests?" 

"Um? No Professor. I guess I'm ready .. unless any of you want to fuck me 
one last time." 

"I think we can make time for that." said the dean. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Dinner by Design 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 03 "The Prototype." 

Kay gasped. The dean's cock was much bigger than the Professor's and he 
was more than happy to slam it hard and deep into the depths of her pussy. 
Karyn continued her licking assault on Kay's very sensitive nipples. Then 
all at once everyone pulled out and changed places. The Professor aimed 
and pushed his cock into Kay's tight asshole. Karyn moved to lick Kay's 
labia and the dean was standing beside Kay's face ready to insert his 
large cock into her mouth. 

"Uhhhhh! Ahhhh! You are one tight piece of ass Ms. Milton." said the 
Professor. Kay gasped again as his cock pushed deeper into her rectum. 
"Karyn dear, don't chew too hard on the dean's dinner." 

The dean laughed and pulled Kay's head back so he could position his cock 
to enter her mouth. "Don't stop her Dick, Karyn's just helping to tenderize 
my filet." 

Karyn bobbed her head. "Uumm ... slurp! Very tender." 

The Professor pushed Kay's knees were up against her chest. Kay tried 
hard to keep them there. She felt the dean's cock pushing at her lips. 

"Here you go Kay ... a head is a terrible thing to waste." 

Kay opened her mouth and the cock quickly entered the void. The cock's 
head pushed against the back of Kay's mouth. Kay tilted her head a little 
more and the dean slowly pushed it down her throat. Kay sucked it for all 
it was worth. She was seriously enjoying her food preparations. 

Unfortunately all things cum to an end ... both the Professor and the dean 
blew their loads. Kay gagged on the semen but quickly regained her 
composure and swallowed it down. Karyn stood up and wiped off Kay's pussy 
juices from her chin. 

"Uunnhhh ... aaaahhh! Thank you Kay, that was an exceptional blowjob." 
said the dean. 

Kay swallowed the last of the semen. "Ummm ... you're welcome dean Martin." 

"Okay Kay," said the Professor. "It's time to get you spited." 

Kay was helped up off the table by the dean. Her wrists were still tied 
together. 'This is it.' she thought. 

Kay swallowed deeply. "Okay, let's do it then." 

Kay took a few deep breaths and sat back for the last time on the table. 
Cum leaked from her pussy and asshole. She wanted to wipe the trails away 
but her bonds didn't allow for it. She stared at the thick metal spit the 
Professor was holding. Within a few seconds it would be as close to her 
as her favourite bra. 

Not for the first time did Kay wonder why she didn't do a thesis on city 
planning instead of cannibalism. 

"Greased and ready Ms. Milton ... your choice, do we use your pussy or 
your asshole as the starting point?" asked Professor Johns. 

Kay took in a deep breath. "It goes in my pussy Professor." 

The Professor frowned. He tapped Kay's pussy with the spit's point. 
"Won't those tender lips fry on the hot metal?" 

"Oh no, it's okay." assured Kay. "The pole doesn't really heat up. It just 
passes the electric current through me so I cook from the inside." 

Kay felt a hand on her shoulder. It was Karyn. "Okay Kay, just lean back 
and lay your head over the edge of the table." 

Kay nodded and did as she was told. She let her thighs fall to the sides 
as far as they could go. She watched as the Professor lifted the spit and 
put it to her cunt. With his free hand the Professor separated Kay's cunt 
lips so he could angle the spit and slide it in to her vagina. 

Kay was watching this and doing her best to try and calm herself down. She 
repeated to herself that she lost the bet and that this was the results. 

"Well Ms. Milton," said the Professor. "I've never done anything like this 
before but I'm looking forward to a unique experience." 

"So am I Professor." said Kay. 

The Professor butted the spit against Kay's womb then nodded to his 
companion to signal them to hold Kay still. The dean stood back watching 
while Karyn took a handful of Kay's hair to make sure she stayed down. 

"Nine inches in .. guess I'd better get some leverage." said the Professor 
as he moved back to the end of the spit. He took a strong hold of the spit 
and smiled at Kay. 

'Oh shit!' thought Kay. 'This is it." 

Kay felt the spit's sharp point push through her womb wall and into her 
stomach. Her body immediately went into shock. She felt pain, a lot of 
pain. The spit made a loud slurping noise as it entered deeper into Kay's 
torso. Karyn watched the spit and told Kay it was about halfway through. 
Kay gritted her teeth and was barely able to hold back from screaming. 

"Uuuhhhhh! I can feel it. Just go slow and it should come right up my wind 
pipe." said Kay gasping. She steadied herself against the pain. 

The Professor continued to push the spit. "Hold her down Karyn, here comes 
the rest of it!" 

Karyn acknowledged the Professor. She pulled on Kay's hair to make her 
windpipe straight. "OK, she's in position ... do it!" 

Kay again felt the spit forcing itself up through her body. She wondered 
if this was what it was like to be fucked by King Kong. Her body slid 
along the table. Karyn pushed on Kay's shoulders to hold her still. 

"Okay Kay," said the Professor. "Here comes the last twelve inches." 

"Open your mouth Kay. It's almost done." added Karyn. 

"Oh God! Oh God! I'm ready! Do it quick!" said Kay opening her mouth. 

The Professor pushed. Karyn pushed. Even Kay pushed. And with no small 
amount of effort, the tip of the spit made it's way out through Kay's open 
orifice. 

"Perfect alignment. Here it comes." said Karyn. 

The Professor pushed more rod through Kay's body until he had a clear two 
feet at either end. Finally Kay's body went into deep shock. The agonising 
pain pushed Kay's mind into a dreamy hormonal existence. Kay's eyes just 
stared off into the distance. 

"What do you know ... that was easy and it looks like she's still alive so 
I guess we'll get to see if her theory holds up. Karyn help me turn her 
over so I can get the other skewer in her." 

Karyn took a hold of the spit and with the Professor they turned Kay over 
onto her belly. The Professor picked up the second spike. He tested it's 
point and checked it's length. He also noticed it had a gauge on it. 

"Excellent design Ms. Milton ... this anal stabilizer is also a meat 
thermometer I see." 

The Professor loosen the clips and slid the stabilizing rod up the spit's 
length. He aimed it's point at Kay's asshole and with a hard push he 
delivered it in as deep as he could into her body. 

"There, that slides in nice and easy." reported the Professor. 

In actuality, this caused Kay a lot more pain. Again her body delivered a 
dose of natural highs and the pain disappeared. Kay barely felt Karyn and 
the Professor tie her ankles to the spit. She quickly realised it was not 
as hard to breath with the spit in her windpipe as she first thought. It 
took a bit of muscle control but she could breath fairly well. 

Kay watched as the table disappeared from beneath her. She looked ahead 
to the back of the Professor's head. Karyn must have the other end of the 
spit concluded Kay. Kay had a thought, maybe it would have been better if 
they hung her first. Roasting alive sounds good on paper but ... Kay was 
distracted by a wave of hormones rushing through her body. As she carried 
along the bouncing effect was causing the spit to rub again her clit. She 
tried it herself and found she could also cause the same movement. Kay 
kept herself amused by stimulating her clit. 

The clit rubbing wasn't lost on Karyn standing behind her. She too was hot 
and bothered. She rubbed her cunt lips while walking behind the Professor. 

Kay was lowered down onto her prototype machine and the spit bar was locked 
into place. The Professor flicked the main switch to ON. Kay's hormonal 
dream-state was shattered as her body was assaulted and tormented by a wave 
of electricity. For thirty seconds Kay couldn't breath, scream or even think. 
Her muscles clenched so tightly they were on the verge of snapping. Heat 
radiated from the clenched muscles into Kay's flesh. This was the key to 
Kay's cooking-from-the-inside theory. 

Finally relief came as the current stopped. Kay's mind automatically tried 
to return to her dream-state as her lungs gasped for breath, but after a 
very quick fifteen second break, Kay's mind and body were again violated and 
tortured for thirty seconds. This was the routine Kay's machine was designed 
for. Thirty second electrical current with a fifteen second break. Not enough 
to cause major damage to the muscles but enough to cook the roastee. 

During the design process Kay never even gave a thought to the discomfort the 
roastee would have. And now, she couldn't even let the Professor or Karyn know. 
All Kay could do was suffer the shocks and let the heat cook her body from the 
inside. Kay knew she made a crucial design mistake and other women would 
probably be placed on this machine or machines like it in the future. They 
would die terribly and in great pain. Now all Kay could do was feel sorry for 
them. 

"It's amazing." said Karyn as she basted Kay's body in between electrical 
shocks. "She's been roasting alive for nearly twenty minutes. I can actually 
smell her meat starting to cook. Yummm, she smells delicious." 

The Professor agreed. "Yes she does ... Ms. Milton I know you can still 
hear me ... I'm glad we decided to roast you alive for a while. If nothing 
else, watching you twitch and shake is very entertaining." 

The thought occurred to her. Maybe the Professor knew the electrical shocks 
would cause great pain, and he didn't care. But right now all Kay cared 
about was that the Professor remembered to press the kill button. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Dinner by Design 
by Fire-Bird (Inspired by Dolcett) 

Chapter 04 "Meal-time." 

Kay's tongue was completely swollen from the electrical shocks. She could 
feel it getting larger. Very soon it would cut off her air supply and she 
figured she'd probably end up dieing from asphyxiation. At this stage, she 
didn't really care how she died ... as long as it was soon. 

Sweat and basting oil dribbled off Kay's body into the large collection dish. 
Another electric shock caused Kay to bite down on the spit. Her teeth were 
barely standing up to the strain. Soon they would shatter from the stress. 

She listened half-heartedly to the Professor and Karyn as they talked about 
the other students' upcoming projects and ideas. One of the students was 
inventing a better spitting device than what Kay had designed. She wished 
she had a chance to view the plans ... too late now. 

Now Kay only wished the Professor would hurry up and hit the kill button. 

"Karyn, I think you'd better stick a fork in her tits or the pressure 
might split them." advised the Professor. 

"You're right, they do look swollen." 

Kay couldn't see Karyn but she certainly felt the sting of metal entering 
her skin. Her breasts which did indeed feel heavy and sore were much 
relieved after they were pricked. Karyn licked the fork end and commented 
that the juice was very tasty. 

Ten minutes slowly went by. Kay shook from each electrical shock. Her body 
continued to cook and Kay didn't think she was going to last thirty minutes 
until the Professor said it was time. 

"Alright Kay ... you've been cooking for thirty minutes so I'll keep my 
promise ... get ready." 

Kay could only praise the Gods that the Professor remembered. She steeled 
her resolve against her impending demise, and watched as the Professor 
lowered his finger to the Kill switch. 

"Bye Kay." said the Professor, and pressed the red button. 

Kay's body immediately shook and went into convulsions. At over a thirty 
times the previous electrical waves, this one was only designed to kill. 
Kay could feel her muscles contracting more and more until they finally 
snapped. Her lungs deflated as her rib bones shattered and pierced the 
air-sacs. Her teeth smacked against the metal spit and shattered. Her 
eyeballs sizzled and burst inwards leaking fluid into her eye sockets. 
The final muscle to burst was Kay's heart. It exploded within her chest 
and lay there sizzling. 

But Kay didn't remember the pain, only the final intense orgasm. She 
had cum as hard as she ever had before in her entire life, then Kay 
breathed her last breath. Her brain dead. Her lifeforce gone. 

"Wow! She still had some kick in her, look at her twitch." said Karyn. 

"Beautiful .. I'm not sure but I think that electrocuting Kay sped up the 
cooking process, plus I swear she came when I pushed the button." 

Karyn smiled. "I thought she did too ... kind of nice she got to go out 
with a bang. Hope she didn't suffer much." 
_____________________________ 

At 7:20pm Kay's cooked body was propped up on a large metal tray. Smoke 
slipped out from between her jaws. Kay's lifeless eyes stared ahead at 
the Professor as he sharpened a large kitchen carving knife. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, our dinner is served. If you'll all bring your 
plates ... there should be plenty for everyone." 

The Professor bowed as the teachers clapped. Their salivary glands worked 
over time as they viewed their impending dinner with relish, and a small 
side collection of vegetables. 

"Amazing!" said one of the Professors. "Karyn, did she actually roast alive 
for half an hour?" 

Karyn finished sipping her glass of wine. It wasn't bad stuff. 
"Yes she did Professor." 

"That ... I'd like to see!" was the reply. 

A few minutes later the teachers sat at the table. On their plates were 
various parts of Kay's tender body. Professor Johns raised his glass. 

"I'd like to propose a toast to our roast." he said. This caused a few 
smiles and a couple of quiet giggles. 

"To Ms. Milton, an exceptional student and an excellent dinner." 

"Here, here!" roared the faculty. 

"Eat up everyone." said the Professor. 

There was much clinking and quiet conversation. Many of the teachers were 
expressing their approval of the meat. 

"Ymmmm! This is the best meat I've ever tasted." 
"The breasts are so tender." 
"This filet is delicious." 

You know it's a good meal when people are more interested in eating their 
food instead of engaging in conversation. It was quiet at the dinner table 
for quite some time. 
_____________________________ 

Two hours later the teachers had finished their dinner and were relaxing. 
A conversation arose about the cooking procedure and Professor Johns and 
his assistant Karyn delighted the teachers with their reports. However, 
the conversation took an unexpected twist while Karyn had gone to powder 
her nose. 

"Dick? Dean Martin said you wanted to ask me something?" 

"Yes Karyn," said the Professor taking Karyn's hand. "We need to verify 
Kay's thesis and the faculty would like to see the entire process so ..." 

Karyn's eye opened wide like she had been zapped with an electrical shock. 
"You want to roast me Professor?!?!" 

"Well, yes ... I'll understand if you say no." 

All through the afternoon roasting Kay and eating dinner, Karyn wanted to 
be roasted herself. She couldn't explain by, but she was so turned on by 
the whole event. She had made up her mind hours ago. 

"Well, I guess I'm okay with the idea ... it was a really huge turn on. 
Will you roast me alive?" 

"Certainly!" said the Professor. "We don't want to deprive you of such a 
unique experience." 

Karen swallowed, then smiled. "Of course not." 

She took a glass of wine and sculled it down. The Professor looked at her 
questioning her latest action. 

"I'm okay with this, really ... I'll have a little time to get used to 
the idea ... when is the cookout? This weekend?" asked Karyn. 

The Professor shook his head. "No, it's breakfast tomorrow morning." 

Karyn dropped her glass. Unfortunately the effect of it not shattering 
on the carpeted floor left a bit to be desired. Karyn bent down and picked 
up the unbroken glass, and gripped its neck tightly between her fingers. 

"So you need to start cooking me ....?" 

"Now!" confirmed the Professor. 

Next thing Karyn knew, she was naked except for her panties. The teachers 
surrounded her giving her compliments about her body. One even tested the 
weight of her breasts. 

"These are nice." she said. Karyn smiled. She figured she'd probably end 
up on the menu one day ... just not so soon. 

Karyn stood naked in front of her peers. The spit that had been used for 
Kay was lying on the table. It had been cleaned and polished ready for it's 
next use. 

"Karyn ... my wife and I, Professor Johns and all of the other faculty 
want to thank you before we begin." complimented dean Martin. 

Karyn smiled. "You're welcome dean Martin. I guess you better get me on 
to cook." 

The dean's wife held Karyn's arm. "Just bend over and spread your legs 
Karyn." 

Karyn leaned over the table as she was told. Fingers probed her cunt and 
pried apart her vagina lips. The metal spit entered her tender passage 
while Professor Johns held Karyn in position. 

"I guess I'm ready ... just slide it in ... Yeee! It's bigger than I 
expected." 

The Professor patted Karyn on the arm and she looked ahead. The spit was 
moved into position and slid into Karyn vagina passage to touch her womb. 
Karyn gasped at the cold metal as it completely filled her passage. 

"Okay everybody, it's time." called out Professor Johns. Karyn heard a 
few people move in closer to get a better view. 

"Any last words Karyn?" asked the dean. None came to mind. 

"I guess not ... just remember to baste me ... I'm ready!" 

"Okay, shove it in." said the dean. 

The spit pushed through Karyn's womb into her stomach within a second. 
Karyn yelped as it sped through her torso and before Karyn realised what 
had happened, the spit was sticking out between her jaws. 

"Nice job ... one push ... Wow! Look at her shake." said a teacher. 

"Make sure she's getting some air so we can watch her roast alive for 
awhile." said another teacher. 

"I can see her chest move. Looks like we get to see her roast alive." 
said Professor Johns. 

Realisation hit Karyn. The spit was through her body. She reached forward 
with her hands and was touching the spit sticking out through her mouth. 
The tactile contact reaffirmed her realisation. Her hands were grabbed and 
pulled behind her. Karyn felt them being tied together. A minute later 
Karyn had the stabilizing rod inserted into her asshole and she had been 
seated on Kay's spitting prototype device. 

Electrical shocks ravaged her body cooking her from the inside. Karyn 
realised the pain and agony Kay must have gone through to become their 
meal. Karyn too wished she could communicate this to the teachers. 

"It's a shame to lose a good assistant like Karyn ... but she does smell 
delicious." said Professor Johns. 
_____________________________ 

Five hours later and Professor Johns was looking at Karyn's cunt filet 
on his plate. Not for the first time He licked his lips in anticipation. 
'Dean Martin's not getting this one.' he thought. 

After dinner the teachers were again relaxing and enjoying their wine. 

"Karyn was delicious." said Professor Johns. 

Dean Martin agreed. "Yes she was. I'm so stuffed I couldn't eat another 
bite." he announced. 

"Me too!" said the dean's wife rubbing her tummy. "I'm so full I feel 
ready to butcher." 

The dean smiled at his partner. "Funny you should say that sweetheart. 
I was thinking we could roast you for the dean's dinner this Saturday." 

"Honey, I'm forty-three years old .. are you sure I'll be tender enough." 
remarked his wife. She didn't seem at all opposed to the idea. 

"Dick and I will do a lot of tenderizing between now and Saturday." said 
the dean with a kiss to his wife's cheek. 
_____________________________ 

Ten years later. 

Gin stretched out in bed. She reached over and patted the void where her 
husband slept. He was already up. No doubt excited about his birthday. 
Gin reached underneath the bed and retrieved his birthday present. She 
got up and prepared. Five minutes later she located him in the kitchen. 

"Happy Birthday Honey." said Gin giving him a huge kiss and his present. 

"Thanks Gin ... but the party is not till tonight." he replied returning 
the kiss. 

"I know but I wanted you to open this one from me now." she purred. 

The wrapping paper lasted about as long as a snowflake against a blow- 
torch. It was a box. On the box it was written, 'The Electric Kay-Kabob - 
Roasting spit. Designed and used by Kay Milton.' 

The look on his face said it all. "I always knew you wanted one." said Gin. 

"Oh wow! It's great. I wish we had a girl to roast for the party tonight." 
said her hubby. 

Gin kissed on full of the lips. She peered deep into his eyes and announced 
her next surprise. 

"That's the other part of my present sweetheart. I wouldn't dream of giving 
you a spit without a roaster." said Gin. She removed her dressing gown to 
reveal herself in her naked glory with a red ribbon wrapped around her 
waist. 

"Ginny Honey, you're the greatest ... but what will our friends say?!" 

"They all know. They'll be here in about forty-five minutes to help you 
get me skewered. In the meantime, how do you feel about playing with 
your food?" purred Gin. 

With a smile and quick removal of his dressing gown. "I say Happy Birthday 
to me." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

And so it goes on ... 

Kay Milton's Electric Spit ushered in a new age of legalized cannibalism. 
And as promised by her Professor, Kay was given full credit for the 
electric spit, and for the new food source ... 

The End. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





