BDSM Library - Niece's Weekly Punishment Sessions




Niece's Weekly Punishment Sessions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In keeping with tradition, Melissa must submit to weekly punishment sessions with her Uncle, just like her mother had done when she was young.Author: Powerone 

Title: Niece's Weekly Punishment Sessions 

Part: Chapter 1 

Summary: In keeping with tradition, Melissa must submit to weekly punishment sessions with her Uncle, just like her mother had done when she was young. 

Keywords: M/f, nc, reluc, mdom, humil, inc, span 

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  The author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com
Niece&rsquo;s Weekly Punishment Sessions  The first time she did not know.  Now she did as she laid out the instruments her Uncle would use on her.  It had become a weekly ritual, every Friday after dinner.  It had started shortly after her mother and she had moved in with Uncle Bill.  Violets father had died unexpectedly and with no life insurance and with no job skills, there was not much hope for her mother being able to support them.  Her brother, a very successful businessman had offered to let them live with him, with her mother taking care of the house and meals as payment.  While he was successful in business, he was not with women.  He wasn&rsquo;t ugly, but he just wasn&rsquo;t attractive.  He was the type of person that you saw but did not notice.  

Her mother noticed the leering glances and knew what was going to happen.  She knew because the same thing had happened to her when she was young.  Her Uncle had punished her weekly for over a year until she moved out.  She knew it was Melissa&rsquo;s turn and she could not do anything about it.  It was her brother&rsquo;s turn now to carry on the family tradition. 

Melissa was extremely bright, but did not like confrontation, avoiding all conflicts by giving in quickly.  It was a trait she learned from her mother.  She had long blonde hair, blue eyes, big innocent blue eyes and a pale complexion.  She wasn&rsquo;t beautiful, just average with a modest figure.  Her breasts were smallish, but were capped by large brown nipples.  Her ass was rounded and firm, with a nice pair of legs. 

After a month at her Uncles house her mother sat her down to discuss their new life.  &ldquo;Melissa, since your father died, things have been bad.  If it wasn&rsquo;t for your Uncle Bill we would be out on the street.  I know it isn&rsquo;t like it was before, but we must make the best of the situation.  Maybe in a year I will have enough experience to be able to get a better job and we can move, but until then we must do whatever Uncle Bill wants.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;I always obey, I&rsquo;m a good girl, Momma.  It will be all right,&rdquo; she said naively. 

&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t think you understand, Melissa.  You don&rsquo;t know much about boys and men yet.  They have some strange ways about them.  Strange things that they like to do to girls.  It happened when I was a girl, and I am afraid that it will happen to you with Uncle Bill.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know what you mean Momma, what type of strange things?&rdquo;  Melissa was perplexed. 

&ldquo;Uncle Bill is going to punish you every Friday after dinner.  That is the tradition in this family.  When I was growing up, my Uncle did the same to me.  There is nothing we can do about it, it is just the way it is.  Soon, we will be able to move and get away from all of this, but for now, you will just have to submit to it.&rdquo; 

Melissa&rsquo;s eyes opened wide in shock, &ldquo;punish me, why Momma, I&rsquo;m a good girl, don&rsquo;t let him do that, please Momma.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Hush, Melissa, it has nothing to do with you being good or bad, it is Uncle Bill.  Men like to punish girls, men especially like Uncle Bill.  It is the way they were brought up.  There is nothing I can do about it so you are just going to have to bear up to it.  Just remember, you are to do exactly what Uncle Bill wants.  Everything he says!  Do I make myself clear young lady?&rdquo; 

Her mother had never raised her voice to her before and she was now ordering her to obey her Uncle.  It didn&rsquo;t make sense, why would she want Uncle Bill to punish her.  &ldquo;But Momma&hellip;..&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Enough Melissa!  That is enough, just do as I say or you will find us out on the street.  Now I don&rsquo;t want to hear a thing about this again.  Whatever happens between your Uncle Bill and yourself is to be kept between the both of you.  I don&rsquo;t want to ever hear about it.   Do you understand, I don&rsquo;t want to hear about it again?&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Yes Momma,&rdquo; her eyes lowering to the ground, knowing that it was now her problem.  What was going to happen to her on Friday night? 

The First Friday Night-Learning to Obey 

&#9;&ldquo;But Momma, why this clothing?&rdquo;  Melissa was stumped, her mother had given her a white cashmere sweater, plaid skirt and a pair of black shoes with white socks to wear as well as a pair of black silk bra and panties.   The outer clothes were something a younger girl would wear and the bra and panties were definitely something for someone older. 

&#9;&ldquo;I&rsquo;m not going to tell you again, I don&rsquo;t want to hear anything about this.  Those are what your Uncle Bill requested.  Now hurry, you have to be downstairs in his library in ten minutes.  I don&rsquo;t think you want to be late.  Don&rsquo;t forget do everything he says and I don&rsquo;t want to hear about anything that happens.  I am going out for a while so you will be alone with your Uncle.  Good luck Melissa and I love you,&rdquo; running from the room, ashamed at her inability to stop what Bill was going to do to her little girl. 

&#9;Melissa was stumped by her mother&rsquo;s reluctance to discuss it and this made her frightened.  Would it be so bad that Momma did not want to even fathom that it could be happening, choosing to ignore it and let Melissa suffer her fate by herself?  She pulled off her clothes and slowly put on the silk bra and panties.  They felt so cool and sexy on her naked skin.  Why did Uncle Bill request them, she pondered?  The skirt was next.  It was wool, with a zipper up the back.  When she put it on and pulled up the zipper it clung to her ass like a second skin, the bottom of the skirt not even going down halfway down to her knees.  If she bent over her ass would show.  She pulled on the cashmere sweater, loving the luxurious texture against her skin.  Maybe it wouldn&rsquo;t be so bad with Uncle Bill.  She looked in the mirror, surprised at her appearance.  She knew that she would never be the cheerleader type but her reflection showed her a side she never saw before.  She looked like a twelve year old girl.  And while her build was nothing spectacular, her breasts looked so nice in the sweater and her ass and naked legs were really accented by the short and tight skirt.  I better hurry and get to the study and get this over with, running from the room to get to the library before 7:00.  She heard the front door slamming, knowing that her mother had left, leaving her to solve her own problem with Uncle Bill. 

&#9;The library door was open and Uncle Bill was sitting on one of the black leather chairs, situated around a coffee table and the leather couch. The chairs were massive, with large padded arms with wooden corners.   Melissa always hated them, they were always cold and clammy.  In the corner of the room was Uncle Bill&rsquo;s desk, a large ornate desk with wooden legs.  Around the room were various other pieces of furniture including a couple of padded benches that seemed out of place.  They looked like they needed a piano to accompany them. 

&#9;Bill looked up, hearing the clock chime seven, knowing that Melissa would not be late.  He had heard her mother going out the door and knew that he had won, his sister&rsquo;s submissiveness giving him complete control over her beautiful young daughter.  He hoped that she showed some reluctance, liking a bit of challenge, liking to break the will and make her submit to what he had planned for her.  He would begin slowly, having every Friday for his own.  He would not hurry her, wanting to submit her to the humiliation as he slowly forced her to submit to him.  And he would so love the punishment he would inflict on her. 

&#9;&ldquo;Come in Melissa, come in, let me see what you look like.&rdquo;  He watched as she walked in the room.  His cock instantly sprang to attention, straining his pants, the bulge clearly visible.  She looked even better then expected.  She looked just like a twelve year old girl, all the way down to the pigtails he required her mother to put in her hair.  His hand reached down to his crotch, grabbing his erect cock, making sure Melissa saw everything.  He saw her blush, turning quickly to avoid his gesture.  &ldquo;You look very beautiful, do you feel that way, Melissa?&rdquo; 

&#9;She turned back to look at Uncle Bill, glad that his hand was not in his lap anymore, but her gaze did notice a large bulge in his pants.  &ldquo;I look like a little girl,&rdquo; she said. 

&#9;&ldquo;Yes, you do, like a very sexy little girl.  That is how I want you to act, can you do that?&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;I guess I could.  Are you going to punish me Uncle Bill?&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;Do you want me to punish you, Melissa, has my little girl been bad?&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;I&rsquo;ve been good, Momma says I have to do everything you say, so I will, but if I do, will you not punish me?&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;I&rsquo;m glad you will learn your place Melissa, but I will punish you.  Tonight and every Friday from now on.&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;How are you going to punish me, please don&rsquo;t hurt me, please,&rdquo; she begged. 

&#9;He picked up a fly swatter, a leather fly swatter and slapped it sharply against his palm.  &ldquo;With this and my hand, I am going to punish your lovely pink skin with this.  And each week we are going to progress on, with you submitting to more extreme punishment.  I am going to enjoy our little weekly punishment sessions.  And you are going to assist me in enjoying them.&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;Why, I&rsquo;m a good girl?&rdquo; 

&#9;&ldquo;No, Melissa, you are my bad little girl and you must be punished.  Now come over to me so I may see you better.  But first close the drapes, I want us to have some privacy. 

&#9;Melissa became more frightened.  Her mother was gone and now the drapes were closed, nobody would know what would be happening in the room.  Here she was, dressed like a little schoolgirl, with her Uncle ready to punish her.   

&quot;What are you going to do to me, Uncle Bill?&quot;  Melissa waited for an answer, afraid of what she might hear. 

&quot;It all depends on how cooperative you are, Melissa.  If you show any reluctance to my demands, the punishment will get more severe.  Are you going to be a good little girl and obey your Uncle Bill?&quot;  &quot;Yes, Uncle Bill.  Momma told me to do whatever you say.  She would be mad if I disobeyed her.&quot; 

&ldquo;Good, you will only receive a light slapping with my hand and the fly swatter.  But I will find some nice tender spots to slap, your stomach and your thighs.  I will pay particular attention to your tender thighs.  I expect you to stay still and accept the punishment.&quot; 

Melissa was scared, afraid of the pain that he would inflict on her, afraid that she would not be able to stand it. 

&quot;Now come here little girl, and let me see you.  You must have to chase the boys away from that lovely body,&quot; his finger beckoning her towards him seated in the chair. 

&quot;I don't have any boyfriends, I'm not as pretty as the other girls.  Do you think I am pretty, Uncle Bill?&quot;  Her eyes lit up, no one had ever complimented her on her looks, even her mother.  She always said she was average and she better do well in school because she would probably not get a man that would support her. 

&quot;Of course, you are a very beautiful girl, Melissa.  So you've never petted with a boy before, never let a boy touch your body?&quot; 

&quot;Don't embarrass me, Uncle Bill, no I never have done anything like that, that&rsquo;s yucky,&quot; she said with a scowl on her face. 

&ldquo;You would please a man very much with such a lovely body.  Your tits are not very big but some men like small tits.   Like me, I don&rsquo;t like big titted woman.  You just have to learn how to please a man.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t embarrass me, Uncle Bill,&rdquo; cringing when she heard him call her breasts tits. 

&ldquo;What, you don&rsquo;t like the word tits?&rdquo; 

&ldquo;No, that sounds terrible.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Tell me you have small tits, Melissa, say the words to me.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;No, I don&rsquo;t want to.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Are you already beginning to disobey me, is that what you are doing?&rdquo;  He raised his voice, emphasizing his displeasure with her.  This would be the test of her obedience. 

Melissa looked at him, seeing the look in his eyes.  She had displeased him.  &ldquo;I have small tits,&rdquo; she said with a murmur. 

&ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t hear you, Melissa, what did you say?&rdquo; 

She cleared her throat, he was going to make her say it aloud.  She could hear her own voice saying, &ldquo;I have small tits.&rdquo; 

Bill smiled, he had won, she was his now, his to do anything he desires to do.  And he desired much.  But he would go slowly, making her cross the line of decency each time and do things that she would never consider doing.  All to please him.  Just like a little girl should do. 

&ldquo;I like your small tits, Melissa, I like they way they look in that nice cashmere sweater.  And you have lovely legs, especially in that nice short skirt.  And an adorable ass.  Your skirt is just molded over your tight ass cheeks.  I like that.  I like your ass.&rdquo; 

Melissa was confused.  Uncle Bill was going to punish her, but he kept complimenting her on her body.  It made her feel strange and also uncomfortable.  Why did he keep talking about her body?  &ldquo;Thank you Uncle Bill,&rdquo; not sure what to say, but he looked like he was expecting some kind of response. 

He stood up and his hands grabbed her around the waist, pushing her back towards the big desk in the corner of the room.  It was usually cluttered, but this time the top was cleared off.   

Melissa jumped when his hands first grabbed her waist.  This was the first time that he had touched her.  She felt a sudden thrill and also the fear of the unknown.  She felt her ass hit the edge of the desk as she was pushed backwards.  She saw him put the leather fly swatter on the empty desk beside her. 

&ldquo;I will need that soon.  Raise your arms up, Melissa, above your head.   Hurry, now don&rsquo;t make me repeat everything twice.  I expect your complete obedience.&rdquo;  He watched as she first hesitated then her arms rose up, higher and higher until they were up over her head.  He saw the cashmere sweater rise up her stomach, a patch of naked flesh appearing.  She looked down and watched as his hands grabbed the bottom of the sweater and slowly drew it up, revealing more of her naked stomach to his gaze.  She wondered how far he would pull it up, afraid that he would uncover her breasts, leaving her half naked, a bra the only clothes from the waist up. 

He stopped when he reached the bottom of her bra.  He wanted to give her a false sense of security.  His hand began to run over her flat, tight stomach, his cock straining in his pants, threatening to pop the zipper open if it got any harder.  Melissa would have to do something about his erection before she left.  He slowly let his hand rub her naked flesh, feeling her stomach muscles tighten as he did.  He let his hand lightly tap on the flesh, his cock twitching when he heard the smack, smack of flesh on flesh. 

That&rsquo;s not so bad, she thought as his hand lightly tapped her stomach.  Except for the uneasiness from having a strange hand touching her so intimately and Uncle Bill being so old, it was not as bad as she thought it would be.  His hand lightly slapped her flesh. 

&ldquo;I think I need you in a better position, Melissa.  I can&rsquo;t use two hands when I have to hold your sweater up.   Ask me to pull it over your head, Melissa, ask me to remove your sweater.  You&rsquo;re still be wearing a bra, so your tits will be covered.&rdquo;  He watched her face, the look as she realized that he would be undressing her. 

The realization came over her.  He would be undressing her, which is why he made so much talk over her body.  He wanted to see her.  He wanted to see her naked.  He had every intention of forcing her to undress in front of him.  She knew she had lost, she would have to do as he said.  A tear began to fall from her eye as she spoke, &ldquo;please, pull off my sweater,&rdquo; a look of resignation etched in her face. 

Bill smiled as he slowly let the sweater slip up her body, her black silk bra revealed for the first time to his eyes.  They were not very big, her tits, but they would be his to do as he please.  And he had some many ideas, some of them very painful.  He pulled it up her arms until it pulled from her body and threw it over onto the leather couch.  He marveled at her body, his body to do as he pleased.  &ldquo;Good girl, now we need to get you into a better position.  A position that would make your stomach very prominent.  Sit on the edge of the desk, from the side, I want you to be able to stretch out.&rdquo;  He grabbed a large pillow from the couch.  First put this beneath you back as you lie back,&rdquo; taking the large pillow and positioning it in the center of the desk. 

With resignation, Melissa sat on the edge of the desk, pulling her skirt down as far as she could, the material insufficient to cover much, most of her naked legs showing.  She felt Uncle Bills hand push down on her naked stomach, pressing her back onto the desk until her lower back hit the plush pillow.  She could feel the strain in her shoulders and back as her head and shoulders bent further back, arching her stomach up into the air.  She could feel the cool air on her legs, knowing that the short skirt was not hiding much. 

&ldquo;Good girl,&rdquo; moving to the desk behind her, &ldquo;now pull your hands over your head again, yes, like that.  Stretch out,&rdquo; watching as her tight body strained, her stomach pushed out, her tits arched up to the ceiling.  He grabbed both of her small hands, would she be able to get them around his cock, they were so tiny.  &ldquo;Grab these handles in the desk,&rdquo; pushing each hand into the corner posts, black iron circles rising up from the desk.  She had never noticed them before, though they must have been there.  &ldquo;Both of them, grab them tightly and whatever you do, don&rsquo;t let go.  Do you understand, Melissa, under any circumstances are you to let them go.&rdquo; 

She stretched her arms back and grabbed the hard, unyielding metal rings, her small hands clamped tightly around them.  Her back already began to ache, the pillow forcing it to bow.  She shut her eyes, not wanting to see Uncle Bills face, afraid of what she would see in his eyes.  She heard him moving around, and then felt his hands on her naked knees at the foot of the desk. 

&ldquo;So lovely, your naked legs, Melissa.  Your short skirt has ridden up a considerable distance, showing me a lot of naked flesh.  As soon as I finish with your stomach, I will be working on your inner thighs.  I am going to enjoy that,&rdquo; his hands running up from her knees, running over the naked flesh on the tops of her legs until it reached the hem of her dress, only inches from her panties. 

Melissa squirmed on the desk as she felt his hands taking liberties with your young body.  Her eyes tightened as she imagined him leering at her exposed body, his clammy hands running up and down her naked legs, his eyes trying to look up under her short skirt. 

&ldquo;I need to get closer, open up your legs so I may stand between them,&rdquo; his hands pushing out on her knees, bending her legs outward, watching as his continued pressure finally forced her to relent, the gap between them widening.  He caught a quick glimpse of black silk panties. 

Her hands gripped the handles until they were white as she allowed his hands to open her legs, her body trembling as she imagined how exposed her sex was to his gaze.  She felt his hands continued to explore her naked legs and now she felt her legs graze his hips as he stood between them. 

Bill stood between her white thighs, his hips keeping her spread open for him.  Her skirt had ridden up so high, he could catch a glimpse of the black panties tucked up beneath.  His cock twitched in anticipation.  He grabbed the leather fly swatter.  &ldquo;Now don&rsquo;t let go,&rdquo; watching as her mouth clenched tightly.  He let the fly swatter hit her taut stomach, a rush of air shooting from her mouth, her eyes opening wide in surprise as she felt the sudden rush of pain emanating from her stomach.   

&ldquo;God,&rdquo; she yelled out, her hands fighting to let loose from their self imposed bondage.  She sucked in another breath before the fly swatter came crashing down again, a sharp pain rushing to her brain.   

Bill let his hand rub her stomach slowly, then the fly swatter would return again to inflict its pain, alternating between soft, caressing rubs to painful splats to her reddening skin.  He stopped with the fly swatter, but commenced with the slapping with the flat plane of his hand, feeling the heat the slaps were generating.  Melissa was squirming on the table, her thighs rubbing sensuously against his hips, not in pleasure, but to escape the pain he was inflicting.  &ldquo;MMMm, Ooooh,&rdquo; groaning and moaning in pain as the painful slapping continued.  Finally there was silence.  She waited and waited until she finally opened her eyes, Uncle Bills face staring intently at her.  She felt his hands still on her stomach. 

&ldquo;So hot, your skin.  You were a good girl, Melissa.  Keep up the good work.  Hold still for a minute, then you can get up and we can continue.&rdquo;  His hands moved up her stomach, her eyes on them as they moved up to her bra.  They quickly moved over the top of them, grasping her tits in the palm of his hand.  &ldquo;Hold still,&rdquo; he commanded her, his hands grasping and grasping on her youthful breasts. 

&ldquo;Why are you doing that, please, please, stop,&rdquo; she begged, but her hands continued to grab the posts tightly while Uncle Bill mauled her unprotected breasts. 

He released his grip on her tits, and helped to pull her up.  &ldquo;You will have to get used to having boys grabbing your tits.  I&rsquo;m just helping you out.  Now stand up, quickly now.  We still have more to go, this time it will be your thighs.&rdquo;  He made her stand up, her skirt falling back down to cover her thighs.  He pushed a button near the desk and a bar came down from the ceiling, it was like a trapeze bar except this had thick leather cuffs on each end, the bar over five feet long.  &ldquo;If you hold the bar tightly and do not let go of it, I will not use the cuffs on you.  Can you do that, Melissa?&rdquo; 

Her body shuddered in fear, it kept getting worse.  Her arms reached up and her small hands gripped the bars, holding it tightly.  &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t tie me up, I don&rsquo;t want you to do that, I wouldn&rsquo;t let go.&rdquo;  She felt the bar start moving up, drawing her body up.   

&ldquo;Hold tightly, while I inspect your thighs.  I&rsquo;m going to slip my hands under your skirt.  Has any of the boys ever done that to you, Melissa, try to feel up under your skirt?&rdquo;   

&ldquo;No, do you have to do that, please, nobody has ever touched my like you are doing,&rdquo; but she saw him move a chair before her, sitting on it, his eyes staring at her body.  She felt the hands slipping under her skirt, moving up her hips, over her naked flesh.   They moved up higher, moving behind her, almost grasping her panty covered ass cheeks. 

She started sobbing when she heard his next words. 

&ldquo;Your skirt is in the way this time, turn around so I can take it off.  You want me to take off your skirt, don&rsquo;t you?  Ask me to strip you down to your bra and panties,&rdquo; he taunted her. 

Melissa&rsquo;s mother sat in the bar, a fresh drink in front of her, the music blaring loudly, her friends talking to her, but she was ignoring them.  She was thinking of Melissa.  She&rsquo;s all right.  She can take care of herself, she is a big girl.  And it is not so bad, I went through it.  Bill will just probably spank her and let her go.  She went back to her friends, drinking and talking. 

Her crying became louder, her sobs choking back the words.  &ldquo;Strip me,&rdquo; she loudly said, knowing that were the words that would make Uncle Bill happy.  And with those words, she felt him turn her around, the bar circling, allowing her to continue to grasp it tightly as she was positioned to be stripped of her skirt.  She felt his hands, they did not seem to care, moving over her plump ass cheeks, making no attempt to conceal their purpose.  She felt the fumbling of his fingers on the button.  The sound of the zipper pulling down sounded so loud.  And then she felt the material slipping down her naked legs, falling to the floor beneath her.  She could feel his breath on her ass as she continued to sob. 

His fingers traced up the inside of her thighs, barely able to enter, her thighs clenched tightly together.  He teased her, his finger tracing up and down the divide of her legs, almost touching her panties before running back down again.  He watched her clenching her thighs together, stopping him from having his way with her. 

&ldquo;I need access to your thighs, relax your leg,&rdquo; reaching down to her ankle.  &ldquo;Relax, it will not hurt,&rdquo; grabbing her slender ankle in his hand and slowly raising it up towards the desk. 

Melissa balanced precariously, her arms holding the bar preventing her from falling over as she was balanced on one leg, Uncle Bill bending her leg and placing her ankle on the top of the desk.  Her legs were now at a right ankle, one pulled out straight onto the desktop.  Her crotch felt so exposed and open. 

&ldquo;A little higher, I think,&rdquo; grabbing the pillow still on the desk and pushing it under her ankle.  &ldquo;This will be more comfortable for your ankle.&rdquo; 

The pillow was softer, but her leg was now arched up higher, her thighs straining from the unnatural spread of her legs.  She looked down and was humiliated at how she looked, her crotch was so open, her panties just barely covering her sex, a few stray strands of hair peeking out from beneath them.  Her naked thigh was now completely exposed.  She heard the sound of a motor, the bar again rising up higher, Melissa having to stand on her toes to continue to grip it tightly. 

Bill liked how she looked, her sex so openly display.  He imagined how she would look if her panties were gone, how her sex would be opened up.  Soon, he thought, soon I will have her naked, maybe next week.  &ldquo;Good girl, Melissa, your mother would be proud of you.  Such nice thighs, such smooth skin,&rdquo; his hands beginning to run over the pink flesh exposed.  He felt her body trembling, partially from holding such a taut position, partly in fear as his hands continued to rub her skin within inches of her panty covered sex.  He moved closer to her, his hip banging into her panty covered pussy on purpose, pressed hard against it.  He could feel her pussy lips beneath the scanty garment. 

She had never felt anything like it.  His body was rubbing against her sex.  The thin, silk panties did little to cover her vagina.  She felt one hand grip her leg at the knee. 

&ldquo;SSSLAAP,&rdquo; the noise rang out in the room. 

&ldquo;OOOOW, god, that hurts,&rdquo; she cried out as his hand slapped hard against her tender thighs. 

He rubbed the spot he had hit, feeling the heat already, seeing the pink skin already turning redder.  &ldquo;SSSLLAAP, SSSSLLLAAAP,&rdquo; again, this time twice in succession, feeling her body shudder in pain.  His hands returned to caress the hot flesh.  He continued to rain down slaps to her sensitive inner thighs, her body shuddering in pain as he did.  But she maintained the position, held the bar tightly, making no attempt to stop the punishment.  Her thigh was turning a dark red.  He switched to the leather fly swatter, the intensity of the slapping increasing. 

After a few minutes, he stopped, turned Melissa the other way and put her other leg up high on the desk.  He now had fresh, pale skin to work on.  He immediately began to strike her untouched flesh with the fly swatter, the splats ringing out in the room.  She had begged him not to do the other leg, laughing as he rejected her pleas.   

&ldquo;What are you doing, don&rsquo;t touch me there, please,&rdquo; she begged.  She felt his large hand grip her panty covered sex, his finger slipped between her pussy lips. 

&ldquo;I just want to make sure I don&rsquo;t accidentally hit your pussy with the fly swatter.  You&rsquo;re not ready for that yet.  You want me to protect you, don&rsquo;t you Melissa.  I&rsquo;m only watching out for your best interests.  You want my hand on your pussy don&rsquo;t you?&rdquo; 

Melissa squirmed as she felt the pulsating hand on her pussy.  
This was the first time any boy or man had ever touched her there.  She could feel the heat from it, it moving slowly, wedging itself between her pussy lips.  She could not move away from it, only able to jerk her hips back a little, but having to return or losing her balance.  It looked like she was trying to rub up and down against it.  She tried to hold still, pushing against the hand, forcing it further between her pussy lips as she did. 

He could feel the heat and wetness on his fingers as he gripped her sex.  He continued on with the slapping of the fly swatter, letting his finger move slowly, rubbing around her pussy as he continued to abuse her thigh. 

&ldquo;Oh, god, that hurts, please, aren&rsquo;t you finished yet, it burns so bad,&rdquo; she cried, tears running down her cheeks as she stood there, spread and open and submit to his spanking and fondling of her flesh. 

Bill stopped, moving his hard cock against her leg, both of his hands reaching down between her legs, one in front, the other grabbing at her spread ass cheeks, gripping them tightly, making her feel his hard cock on her flesh. 

&ldquo;No, please, no, don&rsquo;t touch me like that,&rdquo; she cried out, but was unable and unwilling to stop him.  She felt his hands touch her, not accidentally but gripping her from the front and rear in his large hands, clenching and unclenching on her almost naked sex.  She stood there, subjecting herself to his fondling, feeling his fingers running over her almost naked flesh.  

Finally he released her, stepping back to admire her body.  Her face was flushed, her thighs and stomach a dark red, the black panties and bra in sharp contrast, standing still in her shoes and socks, now seemingly out of place.  He walked over to the couch and sat down.   

Melissa picked up her sweater and skirt, and began to pull the sweater over her head. 

&ldquo;Not yet, Melissa.  I want you still in your underwear.  Come over here and sit next to me.&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Please, let me get dressed first, please,&rdquo; begging, feeling more naked and vulnerable then ever before. 

&ldquo;No, over here now,&rdquo; patting the couch besides him. 

She sat down next to him, her legs clenched tightly together.   

&ldquo;Closer,&rdquo; putting his arm around her shoulders, pulling her closer to him.  He felt her scoot closer, unable to prevent him from having his way.  He moved his head closer to hers, his face only inches from her cheek.  &ldquo;You&rsquo;ve been a good girl, Melissa.  You&rsquo;re almost done now.  Just obey a little more and you can go.&rdquo; 

Melissa felt revulsion as he cuddled her as if she was his girlfriend.  His face was only inches from hers.  &ldquo;What, what do you want now?&rdquo;  She felt him grab one of her hands and place it in his lap.  She felt something hard, his penis and pulled her hand back quickly.  &ldquo;No, not that.&rdquo;  &ldquo;Now, now, Melissa, obey, you don&rsquo;t want me to slap your thighs again.  I have a riding crop I could use on them.&rdquo;  He pulled her hand back, feeling her resistance, then her muscles relaxed and he dragged his hand over to his crotch again.  His cock twitched as he felt her hand touch his pants.  &ldquo;Do you know what that is?&rdquo; 

She felt him rubbing her hand on his pants, feeling the rock hard member beneath it.  &ldquo;It&rsquo;s, it&rsquo;s your penis,&rdquo; she stammered, ashamed at what he was forcing her to do. 

Bill laughed, &ldquo;no Melissa, it&rsquo;s my cock or prick, a penis is something soft and limp.  A cock or prick is hard.  You may call it my prick.  Can you say that?&rdquo; 

His hand continued to manipulate hers, feeling the penis beneath her fingers twitching.  He was making her say and do things again.  &ldquo;Your prick,&rdquo; she said, her face turning red in embarrassment.  Here she was, still half naked on the couch, rubbing his prick and saying the word to him.  God, would it ever end. 

&ldquo;I want you to rub my prick, I want you to rub it up and down like this,&rdquo; forcing her hand to stroke his hard prick.  &ldquo;Yes, that is good, Melissa, do you know what you are doing, you are going to masturbate me, rub my prick until I cum.  I know you can make me cum, your hands are so soft and gentle.&rdquo;  He moved closer to her face again, whispering in her ear, &ldquo;I&rsquo;m going to release your hand, I want you to do it yourself, OK?&rdquo;  He let go of her hand and waited.  Her hand stopped rubbing, then began to rub again.  &ldquo;Good girl, such a good girl.&rdquo; 

Melissa could not believe what she was doing, sitting half naked on the couch while rubbing her Uncle&rsquo;s prick, rubbing it until she would make him cum.  God, what was her mother making her become. 

&ldquo;Use your other hand, and move it lower.  I want you to cup my balls.  They are full of hot cum waiting for your hands to coax out,&rdquo; his lips only an inch from her ear.  He felt her other hand reach down and tentatively grab his balls.  &ldquo;GGGoddd,&rdquo; feeling her squeeze his balls rather hard beneath his pants, but still enjoying her stimulation of his swollen balls.  &ldquo;Use your other hand that is rubbing my prick and find the end of it and squeeze the head of it hard.&rdquo;  He let his lips run lightly over her cheek, planting tiny kisses on her face.  &quot;God, your good, Melissa, have you ever done this before?&rdquo; 

She listened to his commands and obeyed, stroking his prick up and down, grabbing it tightly through his pants.  Her other hand reached further down his pants, finding two round objects, her hand gripping them tightly and squeezing them.  She heard him groan, not sure if in pain or pleasure, so she did it again, this time harder.  She was rewarded with another grunt.  She ran her fingers up his shaft until she reached the end and then did as he said gripping the head with two fingers and digging them into it deeply.  It was hard, yet still soft, her fingers pushing into the yielding flesh.  She felt proud of herself as he continued to encourage her. 

She was good, she might not know what she was doing, but she was doing it intuitively, her hands making his prick harder.  &ldquo;Every Friday, you are going to have to make me cum, Melissa.  You make my prick so hard when I punish you, you will have to relieve me before you are finished.  I will teach you how to pleasure me.  He reached for her head and turned her towards him, his lips reaching out and touching hers, his tongue seeking entrance to her lips. 

&ldquo;MMMM,&rdquo; her hands stopping, her head trying to break free of his kiss.  Why was he trying to kiss her?  She turned her head away, her hands returning to stroke his prick again.  He was getting too aggressive, treating her like she was his lover.  She had to get him off soon.  &ldquo;OOW,&rdquo; she yelped, his fingers pinching her thigh. 

&ldquo;Open your legs again, I want to feel those hot thighs,&rdquo; his hands forcefully pushing between her legs until she relaxed them, letting them spread open.  &ldquo;Stroke my prick.&rdquo;  He looked down at her, slightly slumped in the couch next to him, her hands urgently stroking his cock, the other hand either playing with his balls or pinching the head of his prick.  Her legs were spread in a wide V, the black panties outlined by her pale, white skin.  His hand began to run up and down her thighs, each time moving closer to her panty covered pussy.  His other hand reached up to her naked belly, running over the hot, red skin.   

She could feel his fingers becoming more urgent, the one on her belly sliding lower, down over her abdomen, slipping cautiously into her silk panties, sliding down over her naked flesh.  The other continued to rub her thighs, his knuckles moving against her panty covered pussy, each time with more force until he started to grind them into her pussy lips.  &ldquo;OOOUUCH,&rdquo; he had pulled her pubic hair, yanking out a few of the hairs.  It was time to end it, she begin to masturbate his prick faster, her other hand massaging his balls gently as she felt him begin to shudder. 

&ldquo;Oh, God Melissa, you are so good, I&rsquo;m going to cum.&rdquo;  His hand dug down into her panties, cupping her naked pussy, a fat finger slipping between her wet pussy lips as he began to shoot inside his pants. 

&ldquo;Ahhhhww,&rdquo; startled as she felt his hand on her naked pussy, fingers playing up and down her slit.  &ldquo;Sttooop,&rdquo; she yelled, her other hand yanking his hand out of her panties, feeling the prick beneath her fingers begin to spasm, feeling it shudder and shake.  So that is what it felt like when it came.  Her fingers continued to rub the member, fingers pinching the head, hearing his groans when she did.  His hand rested on top of hers, slowing her movements to a clenching and unclenching on the spewing prick inside his pants.  He could feel the wetness as he shot a load of cum inside his shorts.   

&ldquo;You were good, Melissa, your hand was really good, did you enjoy making me cum?&rdquo; 

&ldquo;Can I go now, Uncle Bill?  Can I get dressed and leave?&rdquo; 

Bill nodded, satisfied.  &ldquo;I will see you next Friday for another punishment session, Melissa.  I look forward to another enjoyable evening with your beautiful body.  I have so much to teach you.&rdquo;  He watched as she quickly slipped her sweater over her head and pulled on her skirt, attaching it quickly so she could leave.  The door slammed shut, leaving Bill slumped in the chair, his shorts wet, filled with the cum she coaxed from his balls, satisfied. 

To be Continued. 

Author: Powerone   
Title: Niece's Weekly Punishment Sessions   
Part: Chapter 2   
Summary: In keeping with tradition, Melissa
    must submit to weekly punishment sessions with her Uncle, just like her mother
    had done when she was young. In this chapter, she is spanked, then her breasts
    are whipped. She finally services Uncle Bill's cock with her mouth.   
Keywords: M/f, nc, reluc, mdom, humil,
    inc, span   
Copyright 2003 by Powerone. The author
    may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com 
Chapter 2 Spanking and
    Breast Whipping   
 Melissa's mother laid
    out clothes for her tonight. It was Friday night again, almost 7 p.m. "You
    better start getting ready, Melissa. You don't want to me late for Uncle
    Bill." She looked down at the clothes on the bed. Again, clothes that would
    make her look younger. A short skirt, even shorter then before, red plaid,
    classic schoolgirl. This time it was a tee-shirt, a very expensive tee shirt,
    soft, plush material. It wasn't meant to be loose fitting, it was made to
    cling to a nice pair of breasts. There was no bra. Panties were red, very
    silky.   
 Melissa came into the
    room from the shower, a short towel covering her naked body, sweet smelling
    and fresh. A lamb being led to the slaughter. She had been dreading Friday
    night all week, hoping that her mother would not make her go into Uncle Bill's
    library again. Her mother telling her to take a shower and not be late made
    her cringe, knowing that she would again have to endure Uncle  
  Bill's punishment and the molesting of her young body.   
 "I'm going out, I wouldn't
    be late. Now you be a good girl and obey Uncle Bill. I have to rush, the
    girls are waiting outside." She rushed out the door, not wanting to see the
    pleading expression on Melissa's face as she left. It's not so bad, I went
    through it when I was young. And soon, they would find a place of their own,
    a place where Uncle Bill would not control them.   
 Melissa began to dress,
    dropping the towel to the floor, catching a glimpse of her naked body in
    the mirror. Her breasts were small, but each capped with such a lovely pink
    nipple, surrounded by a dark areola, contrasting the white, pale breast flesh.
    Her hips and ass were filling out, her tiny, blonde bush barely able to cover
    her puffy pussy lips. She slipped the red panties on, the feeling of the
    silky materials so nice after the cotton panties she wore during the week.
    She pulled the skirt on, trying to pull it down, barely able to cover mid
    thigh. She pulled the tee shirt over her head, smothering it down, almost
    like a second skin. The soft material clung to her young breasts, molding
    around them. She turned red when she saw how hard her nipples had become,
    poking out the thin material. She glanced at the clock, only five minutes,
    hurrying to finish dressing and running down to the library to arrive just
    as the grandfather clock in the hall rang seven chimes.   
 She opened the door,
    Uncle Bill already comfortable in his chair, wearing a smoking jacket, looking
    up as she entered. "Good evening, Uncle Bill."   
 "Why, you certainly
    look lovely tonight Melissa. Step closer, so I may see better," motioning
    her over to him.   
 She stood in front of
    him, her arms raised up, hiding her hard nipples.   
 "What are you trying
    to hide from me, Melissa? Lower your hands to your side."   
 She lowered her eyes
    to the floor, not wanting to see his expression as her hands lowered, her
    breasts now uncovered.   
 "Such a lovely top,
    Melissa. I like how it clings to your small breasts. And look at your nipples.
    They seem to be trying to bust out," laughing as he said it.   
 "Please, Uncle Bill,
    don't tease me. The boys already do that at school."   
 He stood up and walked
    next to her. "I'm sorry. I told you I love small breasts like yours." His
    hand reached out and cupped one of her breasts, softly snuggling it in his
    palm. His finger rubbed gently over the nipple, feeling the blood rushing
    to the tip. He felt her body shudder.   
 She couldn't believe
    she was letting him, but she did. His hand was cupping one of her breasts,
    his finger stimulating the hard nipple. He was the only one that appreciated
    her breasts, everyone else made fun of how small they were. She knew it was
    wrong that he was fondling her young breast, but she could not stop the only
    person that liked them. She felt his hand move across her chest to cradle
    the other one, his fingers again pinching lightly on her nipple, feeling
    it get even harder. She looked down, embarrassed as she saw his hand squeezing
    her breast, his finger rubbing her nipple.   
 Then she remembered
    why she was here. Uncle Bill brought her to be punished. "Please, Uncle Bill,
    stop," pulling away from him.   
 Uncle Bill was almost
    feeling sorry for her. Damn, can't let feeling get in the way of good sex. "You're
    right Melissa, let's get back to why you are here. It is time for you to
    be punished for being a bad girl. Like all little girls that are bad, they
    need a spanking to punish them and that is what you will get today."   
 "No, I'm too old for
    a spanking, Uncle Bill," she cried out.   
 "Nonsense, you are never
    too old for a spanking and that is what you will receive today." He sat back
    down, this time on a wooden chair he had brought over. A chair without arms
    so that lovely Melissa could be bent over his lap, her ass ready for a spanking.   
 "Now get over here quickly
    before I increase your punishment. I could use a belt instead of my hand.
    Would you like that Melissa, a nice thick leather strap on your ass?"   
 She began to sob, going
    from bad to worse. "No, Uncle Bill, not a belt. That would hurt too much."   
 "Over here, I want you
    over my lap, your head hanging down the side. Quickly now, before I change
    my mind and get the belt," he threatened. He smiled as she submissively moved
    over to him, situating herself to the side of him.   
 She felt his hand reach
    out and push down on her side, guiding her down onto his lap. Lower and lower
    she went until her head moved down towards the floor, the upside down position
    making her a little dizzy. Her hands reached for the floor, trying to steady
    her body, feeling like she was going to slide off and fall on the floor.
    She could already feel his hard penis pushing into her stomach, her weight
    pushing her down onto it. She felt the cool air on her legs, not knowing
    how naked she really looked, the short skirt had not covered much before,
    the bent over position of her body drew it up even higher.   
 "That's a good girl,
    Melissa. You must take your punishment." His hand moved over her back, down
    towards her upraised ass. His cock jerked against her stomach as he saw her
    naked legs, the short skirt had ridden high up her thighs, a peak of red
    panties showing. He molded his hand over her ass cheeks, feeling her body
    tense as he intimately grabbed her ass cheeks in his palms, grabbing them
    tightly as he caressed the young flesh before him. Back and forth his hand
    went, gliding over the taut flesh, feeling her body move about, rubbing over
    his hard cock. His hand moved lower, her body jumped when his hand trailed
    down to her naked thigh.   
 She could only imagine
    how naked her legs were, his hand now traveling down her butt only a short
    distance before it reached her naked thigh. God, she thought, it must be
    almost up over my panties, his hand on her naked thighs only inches from
    her panty covered sex. She squirmed, feeling the penis moving against her
    like a snake, jumping and twitching.   
 "Such lovely thighs
    you have. I so enjoyed punishing them last time. Such tender skin, especially
    here," grabbing her roughly between her legs, clenching painfully onto the
    sensitive skin. She jerked again, his cock thrilled with her movements. "Can
    you feel how excited you are making my cock, Melissa? You are going to have
    to make me cum again."   
 "Brace yourself, Melissa.
    His hand rose and fell hard onto her right ass cheek, slapping hard into
    the young flesh.   
 "EEEEhh," yelled Melissa,
    a burning sensation in her buttock. God, would she be able to stand it. The
    blows came suddenly and without let up. One, two, three, four in a row, alternating
    between each butt cheek, the burning spreading to her whole buttocks. Then
    he stopped, his hand returning to lightly caress her cheeks again, moving
    back and forth from one to the other. At least the pain had stopped, enduring
    the fondling of her body again.   
 Uncle Bill's cock jerked
    each time he struck her ass, loving the feeling of his hand hitting her ass
    cheeks. His hand even stung a little, but that was immaterial to the sexual
    excitement he was feeling as he spanked her young ass. "You're being a good
    girl, Melissa. But I think your skirt is taking too much of the brunt of
    the spanking." He began to pull her skirt up over her plump buttocks, her
    ass cheeks straining the red panties. He tucked it above her waist, his hand
    returning to her panty covered ass cheeks. "Much better, Melissa, you have
    such a nice ass," his hand rubbing the flesh as he spoke.   
 She could feel her butt
    being uncovered, squirming on his lap but unable or unwilling to stop his
    fondling of her young body. She had to endure whatever he did to her, for
    her mother and her sake. She began to cry, tears running down her cheeks
    as she felt the hands continuing to molest her body.   
 "EEEEEEGGGGG," the hand
    coming raining down on her panty covered ass cheeks again, this time more
    painful, the silky panties little cushion for the powerful strokes of his
    hand. Four times, then the hand returning to fondle her body.   
 Uncle Bill could feel
    the heat in her ass cheeks from the spanking, his hands running over her
    cheeks. He could not wait much longer, wanting to see her naked ass, seeing
    how red he was making it. "So much better, Melissa, I can feel the heat in
    your ass." His hand slapped down again, four rapid blows to her cheeks, her
    body bouncing up and down each time her struck her. His cock jerked when
    he heard her sobbing, her cries of pain making him harder.   
 Her butt cheeks went
    from burning sensation to be extremely painful. His hand continued to beat
    down on her flesh, then returning to caress her ass like a lover would do,
    her body tense, waiting for the next blows. "EEEEHHH," four more blows, moving
    lower down onto the gentle up swell of her buttocks, part of his hand slapping
    her naked thighs.   
 He could see her thighs
    turning red where he had hit them. "Relax, Melissa, I'm going to lower your
    panties. I want to spank your naked ass."   
 She looked up, "No,
    NO," her eyes pleading with him, her tear stained face begging him not to
    strip her butt naked.   
 "SSSSH, Melissa, it
    will be all right, stroking her face. Now back down so I can lower your panties
    and continue your spanking. You want to get it over, don't you?"   
 She could only sob,
    her head falling back down, resigned to the fate of being stripped naked.
    She felt his fingers at her waistband, pulling out on the thin garment, pulling
    them slowly down her buttocks. He was teasing her, letting her feel the humiliation
    as he slowly uncovered her naked butt. "No, No," feeling a hand slip inside
    her panties, now grabbing her naked flesh, rubbing and gripping her young
    butt.   
 He had never felt such
    nice flesh before. It had been a long time since he was with a young girl,
    not since he was the same age. He had almost forgot how good the taut, young
    flesh felt as he ran his hands over it, gripping the skin between his fingers,
    his cock jerking in anticipation. He pulled his hand out and let her panties
    slide down over her hillocks, her plump ass cheeks beckoning him. He could
    see her cheeks already turning red. His hand ran up and down her ass crease,
    watching her buttocks clench tight, teasing her with his fingers, trying
    to prevent him from entering between them. He would leave that for later.   
 His hand rose up and
    came slamming down on her naked ass, the sound of flesh meeting flesh ringing
    out in the library. He body bounced up and down, her head shaking back and
    forth, crying as she suffered the spanking. Her ass cheeks turned bright
    red, each cheek bearing the punishment she had received.   
 Her ass was a mass of
    pain, the spanking taking a terrible toll on her young body. His hand returned
    to caress her again, clenching her buttocks, her thighs pressed tightly together
    to keep his molesting fingers and hands off her most intimate charms.   
 He let her have her
    way, fighting his roving hand. He would make her submit later, when he was
    ready to cum. He spanked her again, her cries now louder then before, her
    ass cheeks now sensitive to anything touching the hot flesh. Four more times
    he beat her naked ass, finally stopping, her head hanging down, her breathing
    rapid. He let his fingers linger on her ass cheeks, teasing her ass crease,
    moving up and down, his finger reaching almost down to her pussy, her body
    jerking away in defense. "Very good, Melissa, you did well. You may get up
    now."   
   
 He watched as she rose
    up, her panties still below her ass cheeks, the skirt falling down to cover
    them. She reached back, pulling them up, a small moan as the pain returned
    when the fabric hit her hot, sensitive flesh.   
 "Over to that chair,
    Melissa, we are almost done."   
 "No, don't spank me
    anymore. My butt hurts so bad, I don't think I can even sit down."   
 He pushed her over to
    a large, wooden chair, the back going up at least four feet. He placed a
    pillow on the seat and pushed her down into it. "Raise your arms up, Melissa,
    hurry up or it's back over my lap for more spanking."   
 She did not know what
    was in store for her, but anything was better then more spanking. Or so she
    thought. Her arms rose up, moving up the back of the chair.   
 "Hold still," Uncle
    Bill moving to the bottom of her tee shirt and slowly pulling it up her body.   
 Melissa's hands rushed
    back down as she felt Uncle Bill begin to strip off her tee shirt. "No, not
    that, please not that."   
 Uncle Bill slapped at
    her hands, "put your hands back up, now!"   
 Melissa complied, the
    tone in his voice very demanding. She felt the tee shirt moving up over her
    breasts, the cool air dancing on her nipples, plucking them into hardness.
    She felt it pulled over her head, now naked to the waist. She started to
    put her hands down.   
 "No, I didn't tell you
    to do that, back up," he ordered her, his voice showing his irritation with
    her disobedience.   
 She stretched them back
    up, her tits riding up high, her nipples pointed and hard. She did not notice
    the leather straps on the back, not until she felt one of them being secured
    around her wrist. "WWWHHaatt," she cried out, but Uncle Bill was quick, securing
    her wrist tightly into the leather strap, her arm pulled up straight into
    the air, pinned against the back of the chair. She was resigned to her fate
    as she let him secure her other arm with a similar leather strap. "What are
    you doing, Uncle Bill? Please," she begged.   
 He secured more leather
    straps to her arms, this time at her elbows, her arms now pinned securely.
    He had so wanted to touch her naked breasts as he stripped off her tee shirt,
    but he waited, waited until he had her secured. His hands reached down to
    her small breasts, his hand cupping them again like before, his fingers feeling
    the young, naked flesh beneath them. He crushed them with his hands, feeling
    the spongy flesh under his grip, his fingers playing over the hard nipples,
    pinching them.   
 She moved her body,
    but was unable to escape his molesting hands and fingers as they played freely
    over her naked breasts. When his hands moved down her sides, she shifted
    her hips in the chair, hoping to escape the roaming hands, not even caring
    about the pain in her butt cheeks as the tender skin chaffed on the hard
    chair.   
 "I can fix that, Melissa," his
    hand finding another leather strap, this time a fat, three inch strap that
    he secured around Melissa, sitting up high on her hips, pinning her to the
    back of the chair.   
 "Why, what are you going
    to do, Uncle Bill, please, please untie me? I don't like it," she begged.   
 His hand returned to
    her face, pushing the hair from her eyes. "Shhh, we're not finished with
    your punishment yet, Melissa."   
 "You're not going to
    spank me again, no, don't do that." She was confused, he could not get to
    her butt in the position he had her in. She had a bad feeling, a feeling
    of impending doom.   
 His hands returned to
    her breasts, loving the feeling as he molded them with his hands, his fingers
    plucking at her nipples, snapping at the hardening buds. "Why your breasts,
    of course, Melissa, I'm going to punish your breasts," smiling as he continued
    to fondle her tits.   
 The shocked look came
    first, then the incoherent babbling as she tried to fathom what he had said.
    He couldn't mean her breasts. They are so sensitive, who would be so evil
    to think of punishing a women's breasts. "Whatttt, do you mean, my breasts?
    You wouldn't Uncle Bill," she exclaimed.   
 "That is exactly what
    I mean. I will begin with some slapping of your breasts, paying close attention
    to your nipples. Then I will stretch them up by your nipples and take a riding
    crop and whip them from top to bottom. I will enjoy when I hit your areolas
    and your nipples. That is why you are tied so securely. I don't want you
    to be able to escape the whip."   
 His hands moved up to
    her face again, pushing her head back against the back of the chair, suddenly
    finding another strap which he secured around her forehead, not allowing
    her to see what he would do to her breasts, her eyes situated only forward.
    She felt the slap first, then the pain as his open hand slapped her breast
    upward, making the small tit dance up, jiggling as the sting registered in
    her brain. "OOOWWW," unable to comprehend this evil punishment. She did not
    have to wait long before she felt his hand return, this time hitting her
    other breast, feeling the firm globe bounce around, her nipple taking the
    brunt of the slap. "OOOOWWW," she cried out again, her breasts still moving
    up and down.   
 "I told you I loved
    small tits, Melissa. I love to spank them and whip them. So firm, the whip
    will bite into them so painfully, not much flesh to absorb the blow." His
    hand returned to slapping her tits, making them bounce back and forth, the
    firm, young breasts bouncing around, not even stopping before he returned
    to slap them again. He could see them turning red, the nipples swollen, her
    moans of pain growing louder.   
 She could not believe
    the pain he was inflicting on her young body. Her breasts were rocked with
    pain, a burning pain emanating from her nipples. They seemed to be swollen
    to twice their size, making them easier targets. Suddenly he stopped, his
    hands returning to caress her globes again, his hands cradling the pain racked
    flesh, his fingers flicking across the swollen nipples. She felt his fingers
    playing with one of her nipples, twisting and turning it painfully. Suddenly
    she felt something touch it and tighten on. She groaned in pain, as it squeezed
    the hard nipple tighter, cutting into the tender flesh. The same happened
    to the other, first the fingers, then the pain.   
Her
    eyes staring straight ahead first caught a glimpse of it as Uncle Bill pulled
    it in front of her face before it went out of her eye sight, moving above
    her. It was a string, then two, pulled tightly in front of her. He must have
    attached the strings to her nipples.   
 "Yes, I have tied the
    strings to your nipples. Very tight, they will not pull off." He slowly began
    to pull the two strings, Melissa eyes widening in pain and fear as she felt
    her nipples being pulled from her body, the straps keeping her pinned to
    the chair, her nipples stretching painfully. They were pulled almost two
    inches long, the tiny nipples turning white as the blood was pushed from
    them.   
 "GGGODDDD, that hurts,
    how can you do that to a girls nipples, please, no more," she begged as she
    sobbed in pain, tears running down her pretty face, her mouth grimacing in
    pain.   
 "A little more, Melissa,
    then I will begin to whip your breasts," showing her the riding crop he would
    use on her small breasts.   
 "No, not that, please,
    no," she begged the intense pain returning to her nipples as he pulled the
    string tighter. He stopped, feeling the fumbling, knowing that he was tying
    the string to something, the strain on her nipples continuing.   
 Uncle Bill pulled his
    cock out of his pants, stroking it as he looked down at Melissa. Naked from
    the waist up, her arms stretched up into the air, bound tightly in two places
    to the back of the chair, thrusting her tits out. And her tits, her nipples
    encircled by the tight string and pulled up to the top of the chair, the
    nipples over two inches long, stretching her breasts out and up. He rubbed
    the whip on the underside of her breast, feeling her body jump in response.   
 She heard the sound
    of the whip hitting, the splat as the leather riding crop hit her tender
    underside of her right breast. It took long seconds before the pain reached
    her brain. Then she screamed, "AAAAAGGGGHHH," never feeling such intense
    pain before. Her chest heaved up and down, her breathing ragged, pulling
    harder on her swollen and stretched nipples.   
 Uncle Bill could not
    wait, the whip slashing out on the unprotected underside of her other breast,
    her scream making his cock jerk in pleasure. Her body was held tightly, unable
    to stop the abuse of her body. He slashed the whip back and forth, moving
    closer to her stretched nipples each time. Her loudest scream came when the
    whip lashed at her areola and pulled on her stretched nipple.   
The
    pain was intense, feeling like he was separating her nipple from her body.
    Tears were flowing from her eyes, her sobbing and crying unable to block
    out the sound of the leather punishing her young, tit flesh. Her body shuddered
    each time the crop bit into her tender flesh, the sound ringing out in the
    room, followed by her scream, her voice already hoarse.   
Her
    mother was on her fourth drink, having found an adequate male to buy her
    drinks and dance with her. His hands often lingered to long where it shouldn't
    but she grew up accepting the male domination of her body. She remembered
    Melissa and what she was doing, but the man next to her pulled her from the
    seat to dance, holding her close, his hard cock rubbing against her pussy.
    Melissa was soon forgotten as her pussy began to get wet.   
Uncle
    Bill stroked his cock as he looked down at her breasts, now criss-crossed
    with red marks, the whip taking a toll on her white flesh. Her nipples were
    dark red, swollen from the whip and the tight bondage of the string. He moved
    his hands down, encircling her breasts with his hands, feeling her flinch
    from the pain of having her whipped breasts touched.   
"No
    more, Uncle Bill, please no more, they hurt too much."   
He
    began to pull the string from the top of the chair, her breasts falling back
    down, the nipples still trapped. "Do you want the string off?"   
"Oh,
    yes, yes, they hurt so much. I can just barely feel them." She cried.   
He
    yanked on the strings, pulling them painfully from her nipples, abrading
    the nipple flesh as they tore off.   
"EEEEEWWWHH," she
    screamed. The pain as the string was torn off was bad, but as the blood returned
    to the tips, the shooting pain returned.   
"Are
    you read to make me cum, Melissa, or would you like some more punishment," stroking
    his cock, his balls full of cum, ready to unload upon her body.   
"Yes,
    anything, no more pain. Untie me and I will rub your penis real good. You
    can shoot on my breasts again, just don't touch them, they hurt so much."   
"I
    don't think I'm going to untie you yet. But you can make me cum."   
"What
    do you mean, untie me, I'll do it good Uncle Bill," her eyes pleading with
    him.   
"No,
    you are going to have to use your hot, little mouth this time."   
She
    was startled, not expecting that. He wanted to put his penis in her mouth.
    She wanted her to suck it. "You wouldn't shoot in my mouth, will you, Uncle
    Bill? Just shoot on my breasts again," she begged.   
"No,
    Melissa, you are going to have to take my cock in your mouth and suck me
    until I cum. Then I expect you to swallow it. Can you be a good girl and
    do that, Melissa? Or should I whip you some more, maybe between your legs,
    on your sex. Would you like that? For me to tie your legs open and take the
    riding crop onto your spread pussy?"   
"You
    wouldn't do that, would you Uncle Bill?" But she knew the answer. He would
    enjoy doing that to her. His penis twitching as he whipped her tender sex.
    It was bad enough on her breasts, she knew she could not stand a whipping
    between her legs. "I'll do it, Uncle Bill. I'll suck your penis real good
    and swallow it when you shoot. Just don't whip me anymore."   
His
    hands stroked her face, wiping her wet hair from her face, drying the tears
    on her cheeks. He traced his fingers over her lips, his finger sliding inside
    her mouth, her lips parted, not stopping him, knowing it would be fruitless.
    He stroked his cock and held it up to her face, jumping as it felt her hot
    breath on it. He saw the look on her face, the look of disgust at the task
    she must perform. "Open your mouth, Melissa, open it real wide. Make an "O" with
    your lips and I will feed you hot, little mouth my cock."   
She
    opened her mouth, wider, seeing how big his cock was, only inches from her
    lips. Slowly he eased his hips forward, the head of the cock sliding along
    her lips. She could feel the wetness lingering on her lips, her tongue accidentally
    touching it, tasking the salty fluid. It was thick, sticking to her tongue.   
"Now
    run your tongue over it like a good girl." He moaned in pleasure as he felt
    her hot, rough tongue move over the head of his cock, small drops of cum
    coaxed from the tip. "Oh, yes, such a hot mouth you have Melissa. Keep doing
    that and tighten your lips around it. Then gently suck in, as your tongue
    licks it like a lollypop. You can do that, can't you, Melissa. Lick my lollypop?"   
She
    could not move her head, her mouth only a receptacle for his penis. She gagged
    at the first taste of his cum, the salty taste awful, refusing to go down,
    lingering in her mouth. It continued to leak into her mouth, her tongue seemingly
    dragging it out, unable to prevent it from dripping into her mouth. She felt
    him lift up his balls and rub them on her chin, his cock pushing farther
    into her mouth, her tongue now around the underside of his penis, licking
    and lapping at the hot flesh. "MMMMGGG," the pain returning to her breasts,
    his hands no longer idle, squeezing the whip globes painfully.   
"Suck,
    Melissa, draw it into your mouth. OOOH, yes, Melissa. Are you sure you haven't
    sucked a cock before. You're awful good at this for a virgin. You must have
    got it from your mother, I hear she was good at sucking cock." He pushed
    more of his cock into her mouth, banging against the back, making her gag.
    He would not throat fuck her this time. Next time. He wanted her to learn
    how to suck his cock first.   
She
    felt the penis sliding in and out of her mouth, her tongue running up and
    down his penis. She could feel the ridges and bumps on it, the veins shooting
    out from the sides, the rim on the head. Her tongue found the hole at the
    end, the tip of her tongue running back and forth over it, tasting the salty
    fluid leaking out. She would do anything not to be whipped, even if it meant
    sucking his penis. She sucked in, feeling the heavy penis slide farther into
    her mouth, his hips urging it forward. She choked when it pushed too far,
    but she was bound too tightly to prevent it.   
Uncle
    Bill had never felt such pleasure before. His hands continued to squeeze
    her whipped tits, her mouth sucking him harder, hoping to make him cum and
    stop abusing her whipped flesh. She seemed to be drawing in his cock, the
    slurping sound as his cock thrust in and out her tightly stretched lips,
    her lips pursed to suck in the hard cock.   
 He pulled his cock from
    her mouth and fed both of his balls in, her cheeks swelling as they were
    filled with his cum swollen balls. Her tongue lashed out on his ball sack,
    sucking the heavily laden sacks in deeper. He was ready to cum, unable to
    prevent it, her mouth just too good. He pushed his cock back into her mouth,
    her lips wrapping tightly around it, sucking the hard cock farther into her
    hot mouth.   
 "I'm going to cum, Melissa.
    Don't forget to swallow all of it. If you don't, I will whip you some more
    until I get hard again. Then you will suck my cock again until you learn."   
 "MMMGG," the only acknowledgment
    she could make, as she sucked his cock as best as she could. She had to make
    him cum so she could go. Her breasts hurt so badly, his fingers still inciting
    the pain from the whipping. She felt it push in deeper and then felt it shudder,
    his hips pushing forward, his cock banging against the back of her throat,
    making her gag. He pulled out a little, the bulbous head sitting on her tongue,
    shuddering as the first load of cum begin to shoot up from his balls. "GGGGRRGGLLE," the
    hot cum shooting into the confines of her virgin mouth, filling it rapidly
    with the salty, thick fluid. She swallowed once, the cum choking her as it
    slid slowly down her gullet into her stomach. She was afraid she would throw
    up.   
 It felt like she was
    sucking the cum from his balls, her mouth doing such delightful things to
    his cock. He shot his first load, hearing her gag as it shot to the back
    of her throat. Her tongue continued to lash at his cock, as she attempted
    to swallow his cum. Another shudder, his cock jerking as it spewed forth
    a ropey load of cum onto her tongue. Two more times he filled her mouth,
    hearing her swallowing before the next load filled her cheeks. A choke and
    a gag, but she still continued to suck, his fingers on her breasts coaxing
    her to perform as best as she could. Anything to make him cum and stop the
    molesting of her whipped breasts.   
 She finally felt it
    finishing, his cock now shrinking rapidly, not just a limp piece of flesh
    sitting on her tongue, the salty cum permeating her mouth. He pulled out,
    his hands pulling the leather straps from her body, her arms slumping down,
    the feelings have long gone from the bound appendages. He went back over
    to his chair and sat down, his cock happy and content, having dumped his
    load of cum deep into the hot confines of her young body. "You may go now,
    Melissa. I will see you next Friday," not even watching her as she dressed
    and hurriedly ran out the door.   
To Be Continued   
Author: Powerone  
Title: Niece's Weekly Punishment Sessions-Melissa and Lara
  lose Their Virginity  
Part: Chapter 3  
Summary: In keeping with tradition, Melissa must submit
  to weekly punishment sessions with her Uncle, just as her mother had done when
  she was young. In this chapter, Michael, Uncle Bill's friend, bring over the
  young girl he is training and the two of them take the virginity of the girls
  together, switching partners for the second time.  
Keywords: M/f, nc, reluc, mdom, humil, inc, span  
Copyright 2003 by Powerone. The author may be contacted
  at controlher@hotmail.com  
Chapter 3- Melissa and Lara lose Their Virginity  
 "Mother, must I go, please, stay home with me, don't make
  me go to Uncle Bill's study. You don't know what he makes me do," Melissa begged
  her mother.  
 But her mother wouldn't listen to Melissa's pleas, reminding
  her that they've lived in a big, beautiful house, courtesy of her Uncle Bill,
  and the least she could do was to keep him company and do as he asked. "And,
  don't forget all I have sacrificed for you. I gave up a singing career to take
  care of you when you were born. If it weren't for you, I would be famous! So,
  stop being such a child, you're too old for such behavior. Now, I have to go,
  the other girls are waiting for me."  
 Melissa was left alone, alone in the house with Uncle Bill
  waiting for her in his study, ready to take advantage of her body. She cringed
  as her eyes regarded tee clothes spread out on the bed. The skirt was short,
  a light green flowered skirt that would barely cover her upper thighs. The
  top was cut at the midriff, her stomach would be naked, just a light tee shirt
  material. There was a green thong, but no bra. A pair of high heels again,
  higher then she would ever have worn, were sitting on the floor. She quickly
  went into the shower, not wanting to be late. She didn't hear the doorbell
  or Uncle Bill inviting in the visitor.  
 "Welcome, Michael. I'm glad you accepted my invitation," Uncle
  Bill showed Michael to his study. Michael was his best friend, one he confided
  all of his secrets to. He had been fascinated when he told her about Melissa
  and the control he had over the young girl.  
 Michael chuckled as he suggested to Bill, "I have a young
  girl from Spain under my care, Lara. Her mother gave me custody of her in order
  to provide for her education. I am just starting to train her now, why don't
  we train both of them together?"  
 Bill had agreed, with Michael bringing Lara with him tonight.
  She was a beautiful girl, brown curly long hair, big beautiful brown eyes that
  seem to beg you to fuck her, a nice pair of tits, long legs and a great ass.
  She was eighteen. "Hello Lara," Uncle Bill said, noticing her looking down,
  not staring into his face. "Is she bashful?" Uncle Bill asking Michael.  
 "She is not sure what is going on. As I said, I have just
  begun to train her and she is still quite reluctant. Is Melissa the same way?"  
 "Yes, I have only had two punishment sessions with her.
  I have not taken her sexually yet, though I have abused her body some. And
  she has used her hands and mouth on me." Uncle Bill looked at Lara, such a
  lovely body. It would be nice to have two young girls to molest.  
 The door burst open, Melissa walking into the room, startled
  to see Michel and Lara standing there. "Excuse me, Uncle Bill. I didn't know
  you had company," relieved, getting out of the Friday punishment session she
  dreaded. She turned and started walking out when she heard his voice.  
 "Nonsense, Melissa. Come over here," ordering her.  
 Michael looked her over, a beautiful young girl. Different
  than Lara; blonde, blue eyes, but their figures were similar. Both young girls,
  still filling out, both had small breasts, but firm, tight asses. Yes, he was
  going to enjoy this very much.  
 Melissa obeyed Uncle Bill, walking into the room. She looked
  at the other girl, seeing her own fear in the other girl's eyes. Whatever they
  planned to do, it would concern them both.  
 "Melissa, this is Lara. Do both of you know why you are
  here?" He looked at them, noting the expected blank expressions on their faces. "Lara
  is in a similar position to you, Melissa, though with Michael. He is training
  her, just as I am training you to service my needs. We have decided that it
  would be much more enjoyable to do this together." He waited for a response,
  knowing that Melissa would protest, her reluctance in her new role leading
  her always fighting back.  
 "What do you&hellip;...?" Uncle Bill stopping her sentence
  in the middle with a quick, hard slap to her ass. "Ow!" she screamed, clutching
  her butt.  
 "It was not a question, it was a statement, Melissa. That
  is the way it is going to be." He looked at Lara, seeing the fright in her
  eyes as she saw what Melissa's outburst had cost her.  
 "I'm going to like her, Bill. I like a little spunk in
  my girls. It's so much more enjoyable to drive it out of them. I think Lara
  has a bit of the same thing in her, but she is not that familiar with English
  so it takes her longer to comprehend what is being said. But once she does,
  she puts a good fight."  
 Lara looked at Melissa, their eyes meeting, each knowing
  what the other was thinking. What were they going to do to them?  
 "Who do we start with first?" Bill asked Michael.  
 "Since you're the guest, why don't we start with Lara,
  then we can move onto Melissa. I rather like the idea of Melissa seeing what
  is going to happen to her and not being able to do anything about it, but wait
  for her turn." Bill looked at Michael, awaiting his approval.  
 "That's fine, but mind if I check out Melissa first? I
  love those tiny little titties; I just can't wait to touch them. And I think
  we should get her in a good position to watch what happens to Lara, don't you?
  I'm sure you have some rope." He smiled at Melissa, his hand reaching down
  to his crotch, grabbing his cock, straightening it out in his pants. "Lara,
  sit down over there until we are ready for you," he ordered her sternly, Lara
  obeying quickly.  
 Melissa backed up as Michael approached, afraid of what
  was going to happen. It was bad enough with Uncle Bill molesting her, now there
  were two of them. And with Lara present to see her humiliation as she was forced
  to submit to them. "Please, don't touch me," she whimpered, Michael smiling
  as he approached her.  
 Michael moved next to her, "now little girl, be good. I'm
  not going to hurt you much." "Stand still," he ordered. Melissa froze in her
  tracks, Uncle Bill's stare commanding her to obey. He moved behind her, admiring
  her body, the light green skirt draped sensuously over her firm ass, the thin
  top showing her nipples popping out the front. No bra for her. "You're a very
  beautiful girl, you know that don't you?" he whispered into her ear. "Such
  a lovely body. We are going to do such delightful things to you."  
 Melissa trembled as Michael spoke softly in her ear. She
  was so afraid of what they were going to do.  
 "Are you a virgin, Melissa?"  
 She swallowed, 'yes," she managed to get out. "Please,
  don't take that from me."  
 "I could tell. I can smell a virgin. I can smell your pussy.
  Such a sweet fragrance. We are going to fuck you, Melissa. You are going to
  lose your virginity tonight, just like Lara. You'll get to watch her first,
  get to see what will happen to her, and then, to you. It will be your turn,
  your turn to learn how to fuck."  
 His hands began to move over her body, starting on her
  naked stomach, moving up under her top to grasp her naked breasts. She moved
  her own hands up, grabbing his, stopping them before they touched her nipples. "No!" she
  cried out.  
 Michael leaned over her, "put your hands down now!" He
  waited, her hands releasing his, slowly lowering down to her sides. "Good girl,
  Melissa. I just want to play with those cute, little titties."  
 His hands began to move again, his large palms completely
  covering her small breasts. She clenched her fists as he molested her teenage
  breasts, unable to stop him. She felt her nipples grow under his palms, pushing
  into the hot flesh clenched on her breasts. She had always been ashamed at
  the small size of her breasts, but they seemed to like them the way they were.
  His hands were big like Uncle Bill's, able to grab all of her breast flesh
  and squeeze them tightly, compressing them. She arched her back, feeding her
  nipples deeper into his palms, wanting him to touch them, make them harder.  
 "You like that, don't you Melissa? You like your little
  titties played with." He released her breasts, cupping them from underneath. "You
  want me to play with your nipples, make them hard. Arch your back more; stick
  your tits out for me. Show me what a good girl you can be." He didn't have
  to wait long, her back arched up, thrusting her little breasts out. He pulled
  her tee up over them, her naked breasts eagerly awaiting his fingers. "Yes,
  such nice nipples," his fingers gripping the hard peaks. "You want me to squeeze
  them hard, don't you, Melissa?"  
 "Ohhh&hellip;" she moaned as his fingers became more insistent,
  twisting and turning her nipples, his strong fingers pinching her sensitive
  flesh. She felt the pain shoot to her sex, making her pussy wet. "Mmmm," pushing
  up on her tiptoes as Michael pulled her nipples, forcing her to extend her
  body or have her nipples wrenched from her. Even as she stretched, her nipples
  were pulled until they were over two inches long, yanked out of shape by his
  powerful fingers.  
 Bill watched as Michael talked to Melissa, standing behind
  her, sure that his cock was pushing into her ass. He glanced at Lara, sitting
  patiently, waiting to be fucked, unable to stop her own degradation. He moved
  over to her, kneeling in front of her, smiling into her innocent face. "You're
  a beautiful girl, as well, Lara," his hands on her knees as he looked up at
  her. "Lift up your skirt for me, Lara. Let me see your pretty panties," he
  ordered her.  
 "No, don't make me do that, please no." She felt his hands
  grip her tender inner thighs, bruising them. "Stop!" she cried out, her hands
  reaching down to the hem of her short skirt and pulling it up for his eyes
  to feast on her panties.  
 "Above your waist, show me everything, Lara," watching
  as she pulled it up high, high above her waist, the low-cut panties barely
  able to hide any of her charms. He looked at her sex, the outline of her labia,
  the material pushed between her pussy lips. "Michael said you have a pretty
  cunt, Lara. Spread you legs and give me a peek," he ordered, his hands squeezing
  her thighs more roughly, giving her a sample of what would happen if she failed
  to obey.  
 She sat in the chair, her skirt held up above her waist
  as she slowly parted her legs, his hands on the inside of her thighs, sliding
  up, urging her legs farther and farther apart. He didn't stop until her legs
  were spread wide, her panties pulled tight between her sex. She blushed at
  how exposed she was, his face only inches from her pussy, his eyes staring
  at her tightly stretched panties.  
 "That's so good, Lara. See how Melissa is enjoying Michael
  playing with her tits? I'm going to play with your pussy and make you feel
  good. I'm going to make you get wet. It will hurt less when we fuck you for
  the first time. Now, hold still."  
 Bill slid his hands up and down her inner thighs, feeling
  her tight muscles, her legs spread wide. He moved his fingers to both sides
  of the crotch of her panties, his thumbs pressed upward, gripping her pussy
  lips beneath the sheer material, applying downward pressure at the same time
  as he pushed out. He felt her flesh slowly open beneath the panties. His thumbs
  quickly moved in, pushing deep between her pussy lips, making her juices soak
  her panties.  
 Lara arched her hips up off the chair as his fingers massaged
  her inner pussy, moving up and down, each time higher until they reached her
  vagina. It shouldn't feel this good, his fingers shamelessly running over her
  panty-covered slit, her pussy creaming for him as if she wanted  to
  lose her virginity to these men.  
 Bill looked over at Michael, his hands on her young breasts,
  her teeth clenched tightly in pain, but her tits were still pushed out into
  his hands, enjoying his painful manipulation of her. "I'm afraid Lara will
  cum in her pants, soon. Why don't we get Melissa comfortable, maybe out of
  some of her clothes? Then we can work on Lara."  
 "Good idea, let's have them change places. Take off your
  top, Melissa. Let us see your naked titties." She did not fight, pulling the
  tee over her head, hands returning to her side. Bill had pulled Lara up from
  the chair, her skirt falling back down to cover her sex. Michael pushed Melissa
  over to the chair, making her sit up straight. "You have the rope?"  
 Bill brought over a large coil of rope cut into convenient
  lengths. You could tell he had done this often. He pulled Melissa's arms up
  over her head and back down behind her neck, securing her wrists to each other
  before tying the rope to the top of the chair. He looked at his handiwork,
  her breasts thrust up by the bondage. He reached out and let his fingers snap
  her nipples, sending a sharp pain into each tip, a tiny yelp from her lips.
  He pulled her panties down to her knees, loving the sight of her naked pussy.
  It was bald, just like a baby, her labia puffy. He reached down and tied her
  ankles tightly together, another rope around her knees, a third around her
  upper thighs, her legs pinned together tight.  
 Melissa thought she would be spread open, instead her legs
  were clamped tightly together, thankful that she wouldn't suffer the humiliation
  of being so open. She looked up as a rope came down from the ceiling. Uncle
  Bill attached it to the ropes on her ankles and he began to pull up on a crank,
  the rope slowly rising, dragging her legs up with her. Higher and higher it
  went until her ass finally pulled up from the seat, her arms tied to the top
  of the chair preventing her from sliding off the chair. Her legs bound high
  forcing her skirt to fall back, her panties still at her knees, her sex naked.
  She felt like a slab of beef put on display, her body drawn up to the ceiling.  
 Michael was pleased at what he saw. He moved his hands
  down to her thighs, his fingers slipping between her bound legs, pulling her
  lips out. He smiled at the way she was displayed, her pussy peeking out, her
  anus exposed, a large expanse of creamy white flesh available for a whip, if
  he desired. He slapped her ass hard, his palm also slapping at her pussy, feeling
  her body shake in pain. "Yes, I like that."  
 Melissa felt so vulnerable, even worse than if her legs
  were spread. It hurt when his hand spanked her ass, even worse when it slapped
  against her pussy. She could only yell in pain, her body bound too tightly
  to even struggle.  
 Lara felt sorry for Melissa, but she knew that she was
  in for more than that. They led her over to the bed, a large, four-poster bed,
  covered with pillows, straps hanging down from the corners.  
 "Sit on the bed first. Tell Bill to play with your pussy."  
 Lara didn't have to be told again. She sat down on the
  bed, her hands lifting the hem of her skirt up until it was above her waist.
  When Bill knelt down in front of her, she let her legs spread open until she
  felt him crawl between her thighs. "Please, Sir. Please play with my pussy," she
  whimpered, ashamed at both the words she was forced to say and her desire to
  want it to happen.  
 "You remembered, good girl," pleased at the way she was
  exhibited. His hands returned to her panty-covered pussy and began to stroke
  her again. He saw Michael move behind her on the bed, lifting her arms up,
  pulling her top over her head until she was naked from the waist up. Her hands
  returned to pulling up her skirt. Her big nipples, the size of silver dollars,
  looking out of place on such small breasts. "You use anything on her nipples,
  yet?" he asked Michael.  
 "No, not yet. She isn't like Melissa. She doesn't like
  the pain on her nipples like that one does. I figured I would use clamps on
  them as punishment. Isn't that right, baby?" his fingers searching, gripping
  the large brown nipples tightly.  
 Lara arched her back up, trying to escape the painful fingers
  on her sensitive nipples. She did not understand how Melissa could endure such
  pain even relish it. "Mmm, it hurts," she begged.  
 "Yes, it's supposed to." He gave her a cruel twist, pulling
  the nipples out at the same time he turned them. His hands reach underneath,
  cupping them, his fingers lightly brushing over her nipples, feeling them harden
  again. "Slip her panties off, she has such a beautiful, young cunt."  
 "Would you like to show me your naked cunt, Lara? Pull
  your skirt off and slip your little panties off your legs."  
 Lara felt so vulnerable as she stood and let her skirt
  fall off, Bill moving out of the way so she could kick it off to the side.
  He made her slip her panties down, wanting her to participate in her own stripping.
  She was now naked, both men fully clothed, eyes glued to her naked body. She
  felt so embarrassed, the older men making her strip naked, waiting to take
  her virginity from her.  
 "Sit down on the bed, legs apart again, Lara. This time
  place them over my shoulders." He inhaled the fragrance of her pussy, the smell
  mixing with the fear of what was going to happen to her. He watched as she
  lifted up her legs so she could place them on his shoulders, her pussy spreading
  open only inches from his face.  
 Melissa watched as they molested Lara's young body, now
  naked, her legs high on Uncle Bill's shoulder, his face so close to her sex.
  Michael was still playing with Lara's nipples, Melissa wishing it were her
  that he was fondling. He had a nice touch, hard, but exciting.  
 Bill's fingers moved back to her pussy, this time touching
  the naked flesh, her freshly-shaven mound, the lips slightly parted, the pink
  skin of her inner pussy peeking out. He gripped her puffy lips and began to
  pull them, watching her open up for his inspection. He pulled wider, the lips
  stretching, her hips rising as it became painful. "A very lovely little cunt,
  Lara." He moved his fingers to her vagina, the small opening slightly parted. "Such
  a small pussy, it's going to have to take such big, hard cocks inside."  
 The fear came back again as his fingers touched her small
  opening. She had not seen Bill's cock, but she knew that Michael was big. He
  had made her suck him, her mouth having to stretch wide around the thick meat.
  She didn't know how it would fit inside her without hurting. But that is probably
  what they intended to do. Hurt her with their cocks. She felt her body being
  pulled back until she was lying down, Michael kneeling behind her, rubbing
  his now uncovered cock over her face, leaving a trail of dried cum.  
 Michael pressed his cock against her lips, "open up Lara,
  take my cock inside and get it nice and wet." He pushed when she let her lips
  part, spearing her oral cavity with his hard cock, not stopping until he heard
  her choke as it slammed into her throat. "Good girl, you know I love it when
  you choke on my cock," stroking his face, feeling his cock burst out her cheeks,
  loving the sight of her pleading eyes as he made her suck his cock.  
 "Can you cr&egrave;me for us, Lara? If I masturbate your
  pretty pussy will you cr&egrave;me for us?" Bill looked at her, her mouth stuffed
  with the cock that would soon take her virginity, getting it wet to fuck her.  
 "She's a little too busy to answer," Michael joked, pushing
  his cock in and out of her mouth, enjoying her tongue lathering the tip as
  he did. "She's never had her pussy eaten. Just don't make her cum. Only get
  her sexually aroused. I love a little girl with a steamy cunt. It'll try to
  swallow up my cock when I feed it to her. Isn't that right, Lara?" He laughed
  at the look in her eyes, the knowledge she was unable to stop them from having
  their way with her defenseless body.  
 Bill ran his tongue slowly up and down her inner thighs,
  feeling the flesh tremble as he moved closer to the target, her sweet smelling
  pussy. He could almost taste her already, the sweet smell of a virgin, her
  pussy moist with her own juices. Her body jerked up, a muffled cry from her
  lips when his tongue first touched her hot, wet pussy. It seemed to flower
  open, eagerly encouraging the hot tongue to continue. He gripped her ass cheeks,
  lifting her hips up, the petals of her flower opening more for him. His tongue
  was covered with her nectar, a slightly salty, tangy taste that made his cock
  jerk in anticipation. He would fuck her after Michael took her virginity. He
  would teach her how to fuck, how to make her pussy squeeze his cock, how to
  suck the cum from his balls. He moved his tongue up and down her slit, the
  hot piece of flesh easily pushing aside her lips, lapping up her juices as
  they began to flow. Higher and higher he went, feeling her hips began a gentle
  fucking motion as she began to respond to the oral ministrations. How he loved
  to make them cr&egrave;me themselves.  
 Her mouth and throat continually plugged with Michael's
  throbbing flesh, running her tongue around the edge of the crown, feeling the
  rim, lapping at the slit on the end, tasting the pre-cum leaking out. She hated
  how they were making her feel, his tongue relentless, licking up and down,
  her body trembling as he moved closer and closer to her swollen clit, her hips
  beginning a gentle rotation, trying to drive the tongue harder against her
  flesh. They were going to take her precious virginity and she was helping them,
  getting wet for their cocks. But she could no longer control herself, the tongue
  doing its job, dragging out her pussy cr&egrave;me, soaking her pussy with
  her juices.  
 Melissa watched both of them work over poor Lara's body.
  Would they do that to her? She could see the young woman begin to respond,
  her hips fucking Uncle Bill's face between her thighs, only imaging what he
  was doing to her. No one had ever licked her down there, not even Uncle Bill.
  He had always been too interested in his own pleasure to bring her any. Would
  that change? Would they make her cum? She didn't know if she could stand that
  humiliation. Forced to orgasm while they took her body.  
 It felt like Lara was going to suck him all the way down
  into her stomach, his hard cock pulled into her tight throat, her gagging muscles
  clamping onto the head, massaging it. She was almost there, almost ready to
  cum. He could feel it in the way she actively participated in the fellatio
  she was performing on his cock. How eagerly she was sucking his cock. "Slow
  down, Bill, the cunt is ready to burst," laughing at her discomfort that they
  understood her so well.  
 Bill felt the same thing, trying to stay away from her
  clit. He knew he only had to touch it with his tongue and she would cum all
  over his face. While he would enjoy that, enjoy the refreshing taste of virgin
  pussy juice, Michael was right. It would be a much more enjoyable fuck if she
  was aroused to a fever pitch. She would eagerly participate in the taking of
  her virginity. He lifted her hips up higher, his tongue sliding down her pussy
  slit, pausing at her virgin vagina, licking around the tight hole before moving
  back down. He could feel her disappointment as he moved away from her clit,
  wanting so desperately to cum. He moved to her perineum, lapping at the tender
  flap of flesh before moving up between her ass cheeks, holding her hips up
  higher. He could smell the fragrance of her ass, the slightly musky smell.
  He saw the tiny hole, a wrinkled pucker barely big enough for a small finger.
  That would soon change. Next week both of the girls would have their asshole
  stretched, stretched so they would be able to take the hard, big cocks inside.
  They would be trained to be sodomized.  
 Shaking her head no, her mouth stretched wide by the cock,
  protesting the direction the tongue was taking. She could feel her asshole
  exposed, his tongue almost touching her anus, ashamed that someone would even
  want to touch her there, never mind that he was doing it with his tongue. It
  was like something cold touched her anus, his tongue sending shivers through
  her body as she felt a wet tongue touch her most intimate part of her body.
  Never, never had anyone ever licked her there.  
 "She doesn't seem to like that, Bill. Why don't you stick
  it up her asshole? Let's see how little Lara likes her anus speared by your
  tongue." He watched Bill draw back his hand and slap her naked ass cheek, turning
  it pink almost immediately, an imprint of his palm left on the white cheek.
  Michael heard her strangled scream of pain, stuffing his cock deeper into her
  throat, watching her struggle.  
 "Push out on your asshole, Lara, or I will spank your ass
  until you do." Bill didn't bother to wait for a response, his palm striking
  hard against the other cheek, both of them now pink. He ran his hands over
  them, feeling the heat.  
 Michael ran his hands over Lara's cheeks, seeing the tears
  of pain in her eyes, her lips still pulled tightly around his cock. "You better
  do what he says, Lara or he will spank your ass until you won't be able to
  sit down for a week. Be a good girl, push out on your asshole, make your anus
  pucker out for us."  
 Bill watched, her muscles finally contracting, his eyes
  only inches from her tiny pucker. It began to move, pushing out, slowly opening.
  He would have to train Melissa to do this. Maybe a whole Friday just playing
  with and training her asshole before he sodomized her, teaching her how to
  pleasure his cock when he did. Her anus shrank back down. He slapped her ass
  again, "that was very good, Lara, but I want you to do it again. This time
  hold it open longer.  
 Her ass was rocked by the slap, this time more painful,
  hitting the same spot as before, igniting a sharper pain that shot up her spine.
  She had never felt so humiliated, imagining how she must look when she pushed
  out as if she was going to have a bowel movement. She could feel his hot breath
  on her anus, knowing that he was only inches from the tiny opening. She grunted,
  her mouth still stuffed with hard cock and pushed out, feeling her anus begin
  to open. She released the pressure instantly when she felt his tongue touch
  her there. She protested what he was doing, trying to put his tongue inside
  her. No, she couldn't let him do that!  
 Another slap, this one followed by a second on the other
  cheek, he wanted to proceed, her hesitation becoming annoying. "I'm not going
  to tell you again, Lara. Next time I'm going to slap your wet pussy. Imagine
  the pain that would bring. Now do what I say and push out again and let it
  stay open. I'm going to stick my tongue in your asshole whether you like it
  or not." Bill waited for her to comply, knowing that she would.  
 Michael moved close to her, "do what he says, Lara, make
  your asshole spread open for his tongue. You want to cum, don't you? The sooner
  you let him tongue fuck your asshole, the sooner we can fuck. And, I will make
  you cum when I fuck you. Now be a good girl and push out for us."  
 Would they make her do that, Melissa wondered as she strained
  to see what they forced her to do. How humiliating. Forced to make her anus
  pucker in and out for them. She imagined how she would look, both of them standing
  over her as she made her anus move for them.  
 Bill didn't wait this time, as soon as he saw her anus
  begin to open, he forced his tongue into her tiny hole, the wet flesh rigid,
  moving inside the tight muscle, feeling her sphincter fighting to keep it out.
  He tasted her, not as good as her pussy, but still exciting. His cock jerking
  up and down as he thought of his cock sheathed in her hot, tight anal tract
  as she clenched and unclenched on it. He felt her release the muscles, his
  tongue forcing hard to stay in, but her sphincter finally winning, his tongue
  pushed out. He bathed the tiny ring with his saliva, feeling it dance.  
 Michael pulled his cock out of her mouth, afraid that she
  would make him cum. No, he wanted to be the first one to cum inside her pussy,
  the first one to fill her with his hot semen.  
 She felt the tongue leave her anus, relieved that the ordeal
  was over, moving back between her pussy lips. She could feel how wet she was.
  Could she have gotten that way when he tongued her back there. Even though
  she protested it, could the thrill of being forced making her wetter. "God,
  sooo good," she cried out. He had latched onto her clit, sucking it into his
  mouth, his tongue slapping at the hard, over stimulated bud. "Nooo," feeling
  his teeth nibble on it, the sharp teeth moving back and forth like a vise.  
 "I think you better stop eating poor little Lara's pussy
  before she cums all over you," Michael laughed. "Besides, I can't wait any
  longer to fuck her." He watched as Bill got up, admiring Lara's naked body,
  her sex slick with Bill's saliva, her face showing her arousal, her nipples
  looking like they would burst. He kneeled on the bed next to her, "Spread your
  pretty legs for me, Lara." He didn't have to wait long, her legs parting, giving
  him an excellent view between them of her naked sex. "Such a good girl, Lara.
  You want to get fucked don't you?" He moved between her legs, his cock jutting
  out, his heavy balls hanging below.  
 Lara couldn't believe how big his cock was. The head, an
  angry red glistening with her saliva. How would she get something that big
  inside her without tearing her? Or maybe that was his intention. She felt him
  grab her knees and push them out and up, her legs bowing, her pussy spreading
  out before him.  
 "Grab your legs at the knees and pull them up. Hold them
  so I can fuck you," he commanded. She obeyed, willingly holding herself open,
  helping him take her precious virginity. Her sexual arousal was at a fever
  pitch, unable to stop him from doing whatever he wanted to her young, tight
  body. She just had to cum and cum soon. He knew from experience she would cum
  as soon as he tore her hymen and plunged his cock into her unused pussy. But
  there would be more, he would make her cum again, this time after he had stroked
  her with his cock. After her hot, tight pussy received its first fucking. She
  would remember him forever; they always remember the first time.  
 He moved up, his cock in his hand, sliding it up and down
  her slit, coating it with her juices, getting it ready to plant inside her.
  He pushed forward, letting it circle her clenched vagina, slowly running it
  around the edges before fisting it and placing the blunt head against the opening.
  It looked so small. It would have to get bigger real quick. He would not wait
  for her to grow accustom to the size of his cock. He had to bury it in her
  quickly; he had to fuck that tight cunt now.  
 Lara arched her ass up from the bed when she felt the hot
  flesh pushing against her vagina. God, it was so big, but she needed it so
  bad. She groaned when he pushed in, the head spreading her open slowly. She
  looked down, his hand gripping the shaft, her small vagina making the hard
  cock bend, his fist holding it tight, pushing harder. "Ooh, sssoo biggg," she
  moaned as the head slowly expanded her, her vagina stretching tightly around
  the massive piece of flesh. "Stop, please, wait!" she cried when he jerked
  his hips forward and the head was gripped tightly inside her, her vagina gripping
  it just below the ridge, the hot flesh stretching her hymen but not tearing
  it.  
 Michael thought her pussy would tear the skin off his cockhead,
  like a vise in a hot furnace as it clutched so tight. He leaned over her body,
  lying on top of her, his mouth biting on her neck. "Can you feel me jerking
  inside you, Lara? I'm going to take your virginity forever. I will be your
  first fuck."  
 His body covered hers, her hard nipples pushing into his
  chest as she felt a man on top of her for the first time. She held her legs
  out, his hips forcing them wider, splitting her crotch painfully. He was biting
  her neck, tiny love bites that sent shivers up and down her spine. She felt
  his flesh moving inside her, jerking up and down in her pussy.  
Stopped here   
 He moved his face over to hers, looking at the questioning
  eyes, knowing what was going to happen, but unsure of how. He let his lips
  touch hers, his tongue forced between her lips seeking out and finding her
  tongue to dance over it. It was time. He shoved with his hips, a powerful thrust
  that drove his cock through her flimsy hymen, tearing it forever. She screamed
  in his mouth, his cock pulsating inside her when he heard her. It was a sound
  that he loved so much. The sound of a virgin being deflowered. He had done
  it often, always exciting as much as the first time. He would never get use
  to it.  
 Her hips tried to push into the mattress to escape the
  brutal cock that tore through her hymen. The sharp pain shot in her groin,
  her scream muffled by his mouth. Her body tried to jerk away, trying to escape,
  but his heavy body pinned her to the mattress like a butterfly pinned by a
  collector, her legs spread wide, defenseless as he speared her sex with his
  cock.  
 Melissa saw Michael's ass push down and Lara's body try
  to escape, knowing that she was no longer a virgin. She heard the muffled scream,
  fearing the pain that she would have to suffer when Uncle Bill took her. Would
  he take her as Michael did Lara, pinned to the bed, her legs held wide by her
  own hands?  
 Michael moved his head back, seeing the scared look in
  her eyes as he felt the wetness on his cock. He was sure that his cock was
  covered in blood, but that did not matter. It would just make fucking her easier. "Relax
  baby, the hard part is over. Now it is all pleasure. Just have to get all of
  my cock inside you first." He pushed his hands under her hips, his cock beginning
  to slide deeper inside her. He felt her insides clenching on his cock, not
  sure if she was fighting to push it out or in.  
 "Oh, it's too big, please wait, not yet, stretching me
  so wide." She had never felt so full before. It was strange to have something
  so alive inside her, feeling it twitching, her pussy grabbing it so tightly.
  His hands held her naked ass in his large palms, pushing her up, his hips pushing
  forward, the slow gradual insertion of his cock in her unused pussy. He pulled
  back on his hips, feeling like he was dragging out her insides as the head
  pulled back until it was almost out. She held her breath, knowing what would
  happen.  
 It felt so good, her pussy so hot, the tight flesh grabbing
  his cock. He painfully pulled it out. He saw her hesitate, holding her breath.
  Not wanting to disappoint her he pushed back in, her pussy going from empty
  to full in less then a second, this time over half of his cock buried inside
  her. He heard her muffled groans, his hand drawing her hips up to receive his
  cock. "Yeah, that feels so good Lara. I'm going to teach you how to fuck. Your
  pussy was made for my cock." He buried his cock inside her, slamming into her
  cervix, his body banging hard against hers, slamming into her clit as he did.  
 "OOH, GGGod," she screamed as she came, came all over the
  cock buried inside her. Her body shook and trembled, her pussy clenching and
  unclenching on the thick cock inside her. She had never felt like this before,
  even when Michael had masturbated her, forcing her to cum for him. This was
  different, more intense. It was as if her pussy was connected to every part
  of her body, sending out signals of pleasure throughout. She arched up her
  ass, wanting to drive his cock in deeper as she shuddered again.  
 Melissa looked over on the bed, Lara's body arched up,
  Michael's hips shoving in and out, the slap of flesh, the faint groans of pain
  coming from Lara now less and less. It looked like Michael was burying his
  cock inside her, Lara taking the hard thrusts. She heard Lara cumming, cumming
  so loud from the cock inside her. She knew it would be her turn soon, scared
  when she saw Uncle Bill moving towards her.  
 "I saw you watching Lara lose her virginity. My cock is
  so hard thinking about doing the same thing to your delightful body." His hand
  reached down, to caress the back of her thighs, the high stretch of her legs
  providing such lovely targets. His hand moved lower, feeling her body shake
  as he let his hands roam over her ass, his fingers lightly touching her pussy
  peeking out from between her tightly clenched legs. "And to feel your body,
  the wetness from your pussy. You may protest the loss of your virginity but
  your pussy wants to feel the fullness of a hard cock pulsating inside you."  
 "No! I don't want to lose my virginity. Please, I don't
  want to lose it like this," she cried. She saw what they had done to Lara;
  that was not how she wanted to lose her virginity.  
&quot;Are you going to get on
  the bed and spread your legs for me, Melissa?" Bill questioned her. &quot;I
  want you to pull back your pussy lips and show me your virgin pussy, show me
  your insides.&quot;  
&quot;I'll never do that. You
  might take my virginity, but I won't help you,&quot; she shot back. &quot;Never!&quot;  
Bill got up and came back over
  to her, in his hand a black piece of plastic. It was like a tongue depressor,
  but bigger. It was eight inches in length and three inches wide. He bent it,
  making the two ends almost meet, the plastic highly flexible. He let go of
  one end, shooting back quickly to slap against his palm noisily. 'I think I
  can make you do that, Melissa.&quot;  
She looked at it, fear in her
  eyes, her body jumping, startled by the sharp crack of the plastic as it hit
  his palm. &quot;What are you going to do with that?&quot; she asked, even though
  she knew the answer. It was her flesh that would feel the sharp pain of the
  plastic, she feared where the most.  
&quot;I can see it in your eyes,
  you already know?&quot; Bill smiled down at her, moving back to run the plastic
  down her tender thighs, &quot;yes, such nice soft, sensitive skin,&quot; feeling
  her flinch as the cruel plastic ran down her thighs, moving over her pushed
  out pussy lips. &quot;Or here. How would you like to feel it here?&quot; rubbing
  it up and down her slit, the rigid plastic having no trouble splitting her
  pussy lips apart. &quot;And, don't forget here,&quot; letting it lightly tap
  on her exposed anus, &quot;so many tiny nerve endings.&quot;  
She braced herself, not having
  to wait long before she heard the slap of the plastic on her flesh. The sharp
  pain followed quickly, her upper thighs burning. &quot;Ahhh!&quot; she cried
  out in pain, Michael and Lara looking over at her to see what the commotion
  was. Her body jerked in pain. God, that hurt!  
Bill looked down at the spot where
  he had struck, a bright red mark showing. He rubbed it, feeling her flinch
  in pain. &quot;Hurts, doesn't it?&quot; He smiled, pulling back the end of
  the plastic again, moving down lower this time, a new red mark cut right below.  
Her body jerked around in pain
  as Uncle Bill beat the back of her tender thighs before moving onto her buttocks,
  the plastic spanker leaving her skin pink as it moved from top to bottom. He
  loved her yelps of pain, trying to suppress her screams, not wanting him to
  truly know how much it was hurting her. She bit her lip as she clenched her
  lips, tasting the blood.  
"Ready to spread your legs for
  me, Melissa?" He let the plastic spanker move lower, lightly tapping her pussy
  lips poking from between her tightly clenched thighs. He loved the sound of
  the plastic on her wet flesh, the spanker hitting her pushed out pussy lips.  
"Nnnnooooo!" she screamed when
  he hit her pussy. God, how could he hit her there? It was inhuman. No girl
  should be hit between her legs. She didn't have a chance to think again, the
  plastic spanker hitting her pussy from the top all the way down to the bottom,
  the hard plastic pushing aside her clenched thighs, parting the thick lips
  and painfully striking her soft, inner pussy, the pain shooting into her brain. "NO
  MORE! I'll do it!" she cried out in surrender.  
"You'll do what?" He hit her pussy
  again, making sure she understood what she was consenting to.  
"Stop! I'll spread my legs for
  you. I'll let you fuck me!" God, she couldn't stand the pain any longer, though
  she was not sure which would be worse, the pussy spanking or the loss of her
  virginity. But she knew that she would have to continue suffering the pussy
  spanking until she relented to being fucked. He had no intention of stopping.
  And he seemed to relish spanking her pussy, noticing the way his cock seemed
  to grow each time she screamed in pain.  
Lara was still receiving her first
  fucking, her body being plummeted by Michael as he continued to feed his cock
  in and out her teenage pussy, pushing aside all resistance, the head of his
  cock touching parts of her body that had previously been chaste. The pain had
  almost gone away. It was only when his cock would smash into the sides of her
  pussy when he gave her an especially brutal fuck that she clenched her teeth
  in pain. Most of the time she had this glorious feeling of being so full, his
  flesh pulsating inside her. Her pussy was soaked, first from the orgasm, then
  continuing as his cock dragged back and forth over her clit as it fucked her.  
Michael clenched her ass cheeks,
  feeling the tight, muscular flesh beneath his hands. He would enjoy her ass
  next week, loving the feeling of lying on top of her while she was face down,
  his cock sliding between those silky cheeks, her legs spread wide, unable to
  prevent his cock from entering her virgin asshole. But for now, he was ready
  to cum, her pussy gripping his cock so hard, almost like a hot vise clenching
  onto his cock. The friction her pussy caused dragged his hot fluid from his
  balls, but he wanted her to cum, cum when he filled her virgin pussy with his
  first load. He wanted her cumming when she felt him fill her. He pushed up
  with his body, making sure his cock would drag over her clit each time, his
  fingers moving between her cheeks, pulling them apart, his fingers playing
  along the edge of her anus. "You're going to have to cum for me, Lara. Cum
  with me now," he ordered her. "I'm going to fill your hot, teenage pussy."  
"No, don't cum in me, please don't," she
  begged, as she felt his cock continuing to fuck her. "Please, please don't
  make me pregnant." Her clit was over stimulated, his fucking arousing her to
  a fever pitch, again. She couldn't wait any longer, remembering how she felt
  when he made her cum as she lost her virginity. She wanted that again. This
  time, she wanted it when he came. She arched up her ass when she felt his fingers
  press against her anus, no, not there, please, she thought. She felt his cock
  swell. God, it was so big. She had never felt it before, but she knew he was
  going to cum. Cum inside her. The thought of it drove her over the edge. "Yes!
  God, yes!" her pussy spasming on the cock inside her. She could almost feel
  the cum running up from his balls, through the thick shaft. Then she felt it,
  the forceful shot burying deep inside her, the hot fluid filling her quickly.
  Again and again, she was being flooded with his hot cum. Wouldn't he ever stop?
  Her body cumming with him, their juices mixing, his cock sloshing around in
  her pussy as he continued to stroke her, gliding on the large amount of fluids
  inside her pussy.  
He loved it as she came with him.
  Virgins, fucked for the first time, forced to cum as he unleashed his torrent
  of cum inside her virgin pussy. Her pussy like a hot furnace, clamping onto
  his fat cock, gripping it so tightly he thought she would scrape the skin off
  of it as he pulled it from her body. It felt so good to leave his sperm deep
  inside her, bathing her hot insides. He felt her body shudder as she came,
  the new feeling overwhelming her senses. Oh yes, she would be a good fuck.
  Bill would enjoy her tight teenage pussy next. She would have to get use to
  servicing anyone he told her to fuck. Her pussy was his to use or abuse. And
  he would do both. He pulled up from her body, looking into her face. The special
  look she had, so content and relaxed, his shrinking cock still inside her,
  her pussy squeezing it, slowly slipping out until finally popping free.  
"Off the bed, Lara. Bill wants
  to fuck Melissa," pulling her limp body from the bed. They moved to the side,
  his hands on her shoulders, pushing her down onto her knees, his hand under
  her chin, lifting it up, his limp cock only inches from her face. "Clean my
  cock, Lara. You must always leave my cock clean after I cum. I don't care if
  I fuck your asshole, it's going in your mouth next. You must learn to service
  me. Now open wide," his fingers pushing into the corner of her mouth, his cock
  sitting on her wet lips.  
No, she couldn't do that. His
  cock was covered in cum, his and hers. It was a light pink, a trace of her
  blood on it from the loss of her virginity. Her head pulled up, his cock in
  her face, moving closer, placed on her lips, feeling the heat and wetness of
  his cock. Her mouth forced open by his fingers, stretching her lips wide, the
  hot meat placed inside her mouth, choking as she tasted the foul taste, a faintly
  metallic taste of the blood, a strong salty taste, the fluid pasty and thick.
  He didn't give her a choice, pushing with his hips until his limp cock was
  fully enclosed in the hot confines of her mouth. He could already feel it begin
  to grow even though he had just cum. He loved their surrender, feeling her
  tongue already begin to swirl around the head, lapping at the hot flesh filling
  her mouth.  
Melissa was led past Michael and
  Lara to the bed. Lara's mouth filled with his cock, her cheeks bulging out
  as she tongued the cock inside. Would she have to do the same thing? She had
  sucked Uncle Bill's cock already, forcing her to swallow the thick cum. What
  would it taste like when it came from her pussy? She didn't have much time
  to dwell on it, her body pushed down onto the soft mattress, falling backwards,
  Uncle Bill towering over her, already stripping off his clothes. She saw his
  cock, the cock that would forever shred her virginity. Not what she had hoped
  the night to be. He was stroking, making it bigger, bigger to fuck her with.
  Michael looked over at her, his cock sucked by Lara, knowing that he would
  get to fuck Melissa next.  
Bill moved his hands over Melissa's
  body, as she lay on the bed, naked, waiting to be fucked. "Love those titties," his
  fingers plucking her nipples into hardness again, pulling, stretching, the
  rubbery flesh over two inches long before he released them, her breasts heaving
  up and down. He looked at her tightly clenched thighs, a peek of her pussy
  visible. "Now, you're going to have to spread your legs real wide for me, Melissa.
  Can you be a good girl and do that?" He let the plastic spanker lightly tap
  her stomach, slapping it lower and lower. "You don't want to feel this again,
  do you?" He almost wished she would resist, he enjoyed beating her tender flesh
  with it. He so would enjoy spanking between her legs with it, letting the plastic
  spanker hit her tender pussy.  
She parted her legs, spreading
  them out, watching as Uncle Bill and Michael both stared at her pussy as her
  lips began to part. She felt the plastic spanker tap her tender inner thighs,
  urging her to widen the gap between them, bending her knees to bow them out.
  She knew that it would hurt less if her legs were spread wide, pulling them
  up and out, giving Uncle Bill complete access to her unprotected sex.  
"Now, that's a good girl," he
  rubbed the spanker up and down her thighs, banging against her pussy as it
  hit the spread of her legs, not letting her forget the control he had over
  her teenage body. "Look at this cunt, Michael. It's the last time you will
  see it as a virgin pussy. I want you to reach down and open up your vagina
  for us, Melissa. Show us deep inside you," he ordered, slapping her opened
  pussy, her ass arching up in pain.  
It hurt when he hit her pussy,
  but she could feel her juices begin to flow. It was like her breasts, they
  always hurt them, their fingers pinching and prodding her nipples, but her
  pussy always flooded with desire when they finished. She never fully understood
  it, just letting her inexperienced body control her emotions, letting these
  men have their way with her, teaching her. She was embarrassed, but she moved
  her hands down until they reached her pussy, finding her wetness, surprised
  that she was so sexually aroused. Uncle Bill had beaten her with the spanker,
  forced her over to the bed, yet she was wet with desire. She didn't understand
  her own emotions. She let her fingers carefully move to her vagina, feeling
  how small the opening was, looking down at Uncle Bill's big cock, wondering
  how it was going to fit inside her, wondering how much it would hurt when he
  did. She began to peel her vagina open, feeling the cool air of the room as
  it slowly opened. It began to ache, her fingers stopping the pulling, waiting
  for Uncle Bill.  
"Make her open it more, I want
  to see her insides," Michael requested.  
Bill did not need any further
  encouragement, "you heard him, Melissa. Open up real wide for us." He waited
  until she complied, disappointed that he wouldn't be able to use the spanker,
  her open pussy such a ripe target.  
It hurt as she spread her vagina
  open for them, pulling wide until she saw the smile on Uncle Bill's face, pleased
  at what he saw when he looked between her legs. "It hurts," she groaned, keeping
  her fingers in place, seeing Uncle Bill get on the bed and move between her
  widely stretched legs. He knelt between her knees, his hips pushing them out
  wider, settling down near her pussy, his hand gripping his hard cock.  
"Keep it spread open." He took
  his cock in his hand and began to move it up and down her exposed slit, gathering
  up her juices, coating the head of his cock with her cr&egrave;me. "Take your
  hands and grip my cock and place it against your vagina. I want you to feed
  my cock into your virgin pussy," Uncle Bill ordered her, feeling her soft hands
  slowly wrap themselves around his hard, hot cock. He loved the feel of her
  hands. The way they touched him, almost afraid, her touch so light.  
He was going to make her guide
  his cock into her pussy, force her to take her own virginity. Her hands tentatively
  touched the hard cock between her legs, at least relieved that she didn't have
  to spread her pussy painfully apart with her fingers any longer. He was so
  big and hot, feeling her own juices already coating the huge flesh. She moved
  it between her pussy, pushing them aside, feeling the cock jerk when it touches
  her inner lips. She pressed it against her vagina, the cock head giant compared
  to the tiny opening. She felt him push with his hips, the head of his cock
  slowly spreading her open, her vagina having to stretch wider and wider in
  order to accept him. She spread her legs more, hoping to relieve some of the
  pressure she felt, making it easier for Uncle Bill to take her virginity.  
"You're so hot inside, Melissa.
  Your pussy is burning my cock. I can't wait much longer, I have to get my cock
  inside your tight pussy. Push up on your ass, suck my cock into your pussy," he
  ordered her. He felt her opening up, her hips rising up from the bed, feeding
  her pussy onto his cock, slowly engulfing the head of his cock. "Move your
  hands away, it's time." He let his body lie down on hers, feeling her naked
  breasts on his chest, feeling the hard buds stabbing deep into his flesh. He
  moved his hands down her sides, sliding under her ass, gripping her tight ass
  cheeks in his palms, clutching them tightly.  
He kissed her, knowing what was
  going to happen. Just like Lara, he wanted to hear her scream as he took her
  virginity, hear her scream as his mouth crushed hers. His tongue entered her
  mouth, dancing all around, under her tongue, around her gums and teeth, bathing
  the inside of her mouth with his saliva. Her body was half crushed, feeling
  his hands holding her tightly, ready to fuck hard inside her and tear her hymen. "Mmmm," was
  all she could muster when she felt his body tighten. Then there was this searing
  pain between her legs as his cock shot deep inside her virgin pussy, tearing
  her hymen in one painful fuck. She cried out in pain and humiliation, losing
  her virginity in such a shameful manner, by her Uncle while others watched.
  There was a tremendous pressure in her pussy as it was suddenly and forcefully
  stretched by his hard, demanding cock. He continued to punch into her in short,
  powerful shoves, each time burying more and more of his cock until finally
  he was buried deep inside her, her groans of pain making his cock jerk and
  jump inside her resisting pussy.  
He dragged his cock back out,
  his fingers touching her clit, pulling it until it slid along his cock, feeling
  her body arch up from the pain or the pleasure, not sure which, not really
  caring as she seemed to love the mixture of both of them. That was all she
  needed, the beating with the plastic spanker had aroused her to such a pitch
  that the forceful taking of her virginity pushed her over the edge. "Yes, cum
  for me Melissa. Cum on my cock. Get it nice and wet. Then I can teach you how
  to fuck."  
He did it again, making her cum
  against her will. Or, was it really what she craved, the humiliation, the submission?
  Her body was wracked with pleasure, her skin so sensitive, her nipples hurting
  they were so hard, painful as they dragged over Uncle Bill's hairy chest. She
  raised her hips up, driving the cock deeper inside her, her pussy walls clutching
  onto the hard flesh, squeezing it, massaging it.  
Bill felt her body begin to respond,
  the sexual tension released when she came. He began to stroke, making her take
  his cock in full, powerful strokes, filling her once virgin pussy with his
  hot meat. He heard her groan each time he buried his cock inside her. Her pussy
  gripped him so tightly he would have to use his strength to bury his cock inside
  her. He let his fingers move up to her breasts, grabbing onto one of her nipples,
  pinching it tightly, making her squeal in pain. He fucked her hard, twisting
  her nipple with his fingers, while she jerked about on the bed, her legs still
  spread wide, her sex pounded by his powerful body.  
It felt strange, her body filled
  with his hard cock, sliding in and out of her pussy, faster and faster, his
  body plummeting hers. She could feel the friction as her tight pussy grasped
  his cock, moving in and out, his cock head pulling out on her pussy as it withdrew,
  feeling like it was dragging out her insides. Her nipple pulled and twisted,
  his fingers not gentle, fingernails digging into the tender tips, igniting
  sharp pains. The pleasure and pain was mixing again, her first fuck, taken
  by her Uncle, Michael still standing over the bed, enthralled as he watched
  her face. She knew that he would be next; she knew would have to service his
  cock before she could leave.  
Bill moved his hand between their
  bodies, finding her clit and grabbing the hard bud with his fingers, twisting
  it, driving his cock in and out of her. He wouldn't be able to last much longer,
  her teenage, hot pussy already sucking the cum from his balls, ready to shoot
  inside her. He pinched her clit hard, "cum for me or I'll twist if off," he
  ordered her, riding her hard, his cock pumping in and out of her pussy.  
She didn't need any further encouragement,
  ready to cum, now wanting to experience her first cum with a cock inside her
  pussy. She knew that he would cum, fill her pussy with his semen; she didn't
  care, only wanting to feel her own orgasm. She arched her ass up from the bed,
  smashing his hand down on her clit, the sudden pain bringing her over the edge. "God,
  fuck me! Cum inside me," she cried out, no longer caring. She tightened her
  pussy on his cock as she came, his body crushing hers as he pumped his cock
  deep inside her. She thought he was going to rip through her body, his cock
  bruising her insides as he kept it buried within her. She felt it jerk and
  then she felt the unmistakable feel of her pussy being filled with his hot
  cum, shooting out and bathing the walls with his semen. It continued to sputter,
  shooting more and more inside her. She felt him pull out, then shove back in
  hard, filling her with another load of cum deep inside her, mixing with her
  own.  
Bill enjoyed her pussy, the unmistakable
  feel of a virgin cumming for the first time. He felt her squeeze the cum from
  his balls, emptying it, filling her pussy with his cum. God, she was such a
  good fuck. A few lessons and she would be fucking like a street whore. He would
  teach her how to ride him, making her do all the work, her tits bouncing up
  and down as she sat on his rigid cock. He pulled out of her pussy and moved
  up to her head, his cock only inches from her mouth. "Open wide, Melissa." He
  pushed his fingers into her mouth before she could even react, his slimy cock
  fed into the hot confines of her oral cavity.  
One minute she was being fucked,
  the next a slimy cock, covered with her blood and cum was pushed into her mouth,
  filling it with the thick salty fluid, filling it with the vile taste. She
  could only lay there, his hands on her head, pulling it on and off his cock,
  feeling the cock begin to stir again already. God, how could he get hard, so
  quick? She gagged as the awful tasting fluids mixed with her saliva, passing
  down into her stomach. God, what would it be like when he sodomized her, his
  cock soiled by her anal tract? She knew that he would again force it into her
  mouth until her tongue lathered it clean.  
They were both allowed to go to
  the bathroom to clean up, douches supplied. Michael and Bill wanted them fresh
  when they would switch, each one now visiting the orifice of the others.  
Melissa learned that Lara was
  like herself, forced to submit to an older men by economic circumstances. In
  Lara's case, the chance to break out of poverty and get a college education,
  something that her parents could not afford. Lara suspected that her mother
  knew what she would have to do with Michael, but believed the alternative was
  worse, tending to ignore the problem instead of confronting it.  
The young girls quickly took showers,
  wanting to cleanse their bodies of the cum that dripped and ran down their
  thighs. They used the douches, hurting slightly as they were inserted in their
  sore pussies. Melissa looked at Lara's body, similar to hers, small breasts,
  large nipples, a preference that Michael and Uncle Bill both shared. Melissa
  got a perverse pride in the way that Michael and Uncle Bill praised and played
  with her breasts, especially her nipples. It made her extremely wet when they
  did.  
"Hurry now, girls, don't spend
  all day in there," Bill growled impatiently, his cock already returning to
  the hardness and girth he enjoyed before he had cum inside Melissa's once virgin
  pussy.  
The door opened, the two naked
  girls returning, the embarrassment apparent on their faces as they saw the
  hard cocks awaiting them.  
Michael's cock jerked when he
  saw Melissa's naked pussy, the puffy lips protecting it. Her small tits bounced
  as she walked towards them, her nipples already hard. If only he could train
  Lara's nipples to react the same way. Maybe all she needed was a little nipple
  torture to stimulate them. Some nice ones to bite into them, maybe clover clamps
  to tighten as he pulled them. He could masturbate her as he tortured her, forcing
  her to cum while in pain. Maybe her body would begin to accept the pain as
  a necessary evil to the pleasure he would extract.  
"It's time to learn how to fuck,
  girls. This time we will switch partners. You must learn how to use your pussy
  to pleasure men. Forget about your own pleasure, you must concentrate all your
  energy on giving pleasure to the cock that will be inside you. If you do a
  good job, you will be rewarded with pleasure, you will be masturbated until
  you cum. If not, you will be punished. Either will bring us great pleasure,
  so the choice will be yours," Bill explained to them, seeing the look of despair
  on their faces.  
"On the bed girls, on your hands
  and knees, doggy style," he ordered them, their questioning faces exciting
  him. They watched the girls get into position, climbing onto the soft mattress,
  their hands and knees sinking into the bed, making their movements seem clumsy,
  their asses swinging to and fro, their pussies peeking out from behind, the
  pink inside opening and closing. Michael and Bill moved behind the respective
  girl, Michael fisting his cock and bringing it up between Melissa's thighs,
  Bill doing the same behind Lara.  
"Spread your legs wider girls,
  show us your pussies," each slapping the inner thigh of the girl in front of
  them, watching as they eagerly complied, hoping to not relive the painful slaps
  on their tender, inner flesh. "You're pussies smells so fresh now, a little
  red from the fucking you just received, but ready for another," Michael, pleased
  at their response. "Head down on the bed and arch your ass up high. Tease our
  cock's with your pussy," he taunted them.  
Melissa suffered the humiliation
  as she bent over in submission, offering up her pussy and ass for their pleasure.
  She could only imagine how she looked, seeing the same look of humiliation
  on Lara's face as they stared at each other being prepared for a fucking. She
  could feel hands between her legs, spreading apart her pussy lips, pulling
  them wide, the cool air of the room on her inner pussy lips. She heard Lara
  groan in pain and knew the same was happening to her, Uncle Bill more brutal
  than Michael. She felt fingers run up and down her spread slit, searching out
  her juices.  
"Get wet for us. Make your pussies
  cr&egrave;me for us." Uncle Bill ordered them, wanting to further humiliate
  them into submission, forcing them to get sexually aroused again, masturbating
  each to the peak of arousal before entering them with their hard cocks again.  
Lara arched her ass up as she
  felt two fat fingers enter her sore pussy, spreading her open again, her pussy
  walls clamping down as they speared her flesh.  
"Yes, such a good girl, raise
  your ass up, higher," Uncle Bill using his other hand to lightly slap at her
  pussy, "higher, raise yourself and open up for me," another light tap to force
  her compliance.  
Michael, not to be outdone by
  Bill, forced Melissa to do the same, his slaps harder, ringing out in the room
  as he smacked her tender flesh, her ass instantly arching up high from the
  painful slap.  
It hurt when he slapped her pussy,
  she pushed up, her ass raised high as she felt her pussy filled again, this
  time fingers moving around inside her, not constrained by a hymen, free to
  explore the depths of her inner pussy. And explore they did. The fingers opening
  and closing inside her, fighting her pussy trying to squeeze them out, feeling
  strange having something between her legs alive and pulsating with blood.  
The only sound in the room was
  of the masturbating fingers of Michael and Bill as they tried to sexually arouse
  their teenage girls. And they did become successful, Melissa the first to let
  her hips sway back and forth on the fingers invading her body, aiding in driving
  them deeper, clutching on them as they tried to withdraw, eagerly seeking out
  the pleasure that they would bring. Lara was next, fearful at first, trying
  to stop her body from betraying her but Bill was relentless, his fingers moving
  in and out, the other hand reaching underneath her when she failed to respond
  as Melissa did, seeking out and finding her clit, rubbing back and forth over
  the hard bud. She could no longer hide her arousal, her pussy soaking his fingers
  as they fingered her, the sound of them sloshing around inside her giving away
  her secret.  
"I think they're ready," Michael
  commented to Bill when he saw Lara responding, the looks on both of their faces
  showing the pleasure they were already experiencing.  
"Yes, I think they will love it
  much better when they get a nice, fat cock inside their teenage pussies." Bill
  needed no further encouragement, hefting his cock up to her spread slit, running
  it up and down, feeling her body twitch when it ran over her slightly parted
  vagina. He pushed the head against the tiny opening, a dark red from the prior
  fucking she had received. He grabbed her hips, pulling her up and back onto
  his cock. "Open up and take it inside. I want to feel your steamy cunt wrapped
  around my cock." He humped his hips forward, hearing her yelp in pain when
  the cockhead forced itself into her pussy. "It'll only hurt for a minute, push
  back, fuck my cock," he ordered her.  
Michael was having success with
  Melissa, her pussy seemed to suck him deep inside, squeezing it tightly as
  his hips drove the large cock inside her. It felt so good, almost as good as
  when he took Lara's virginity. So hot and tight, only the second time a cock
  had visited her orifice. "Yes, take it deep inside you," pushing with all his
  might and sinking his cock deep inside her, hearing her gasp for air as her
  pussy went from empty to full, a hard, pulsating bar of flesh deep inside her.  
For the next fifteen minutes the
  only sounds in the room were the slaps of flesh as each one tried to fuck the
  girl in front of them faster or harder, the winner able to produce the loudest
  gasp or cry of pain. Bill was winning, Lara still not as submissive as Melissa,
  still trying to fight the feeling that her body produced. Michael eager to
  prove himself better, began to let his finger run around Melissa's asshole,
  seeing her look back at him, an angry glare in her eyes, Michael's stern gaze
  back killed all thoughts she might have that she could control what they did
  to her body. She hung her head back down in shame again, bracing for the inevitable.
  She didn't have to wait long, the finger slowly forced into her clenching anus,
  moving around inside her rectum, circling, making her bigger, her sphincter
  unable to stop the strong finger. She screamed when he punched deeper into
  her asshole, past the tiny protective muscle and sank deeper, deeper into her
  colon.  
Ten more minutes of fucking and
  both men were ready, ready to cum inside them, again. Their fingers became
  more urgent, trying to drag a cum out of the girls, Michael screwing his finger
  inside Melissa's asshole, his other hand rubbing her clit hard. The masochistic
  thrill she received from the rough fingers penetrating her body and the hard
  fucking was all she needed. And cum she did, the first orgasm overcoming her
  senses, her body covered with a sheen of sweat as her hips raced back and forth,
  fucking the cock behind her. She felt Michael twitch inside her, and she responded
  by squeezing her pussy on his cock, rewarded with the first shot of cum filling
  her teenage pussy with his hot semen.  
Lara let her body go, needing
  to get the fucking over with, needing to cum soon, her body raised to a fever
  pitch, her pussy clasping onto the flesh inside her as it sped in and out,
  the head dragging along her insides, bringing such pleasurable sensations.
  She needed to feel Bill shoot off inside her, that first jet of cum shooting
  against her cervix, filling her body with the hot, wet fluid. It triggered
  her orgasm, pushing her clit hard against his finger as she came on the cock
  inside her.  
The two men finally pulled out
  of the girls, seeing their pussies still open, cum dripping out of their holes,
  running down their thighs, dripping onto the sheets beneath them. The girls
  were turned around, their mouths again used to clean the cocks that fucked
  them, their tongues now trained to cleanse the instruments that had only seconds
  ago had unleashed torrents of cum inside their bodies.  
"Goodbye, Michael. And you too,
  Lara. We will see you next Friday night, won't we, Melissa?" He pulled her
  towards him, his arm around her shoulders, staring down at her naked body,
  not letting her dress as Lara had done. "Next week it will be your asshole,
  Melissa," he whispered in her ear, "I will train you to pleasure my cock when
  I sodomize you."  
To Be Continued  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





