BDSM Library - Celeste - A Thanatos Tale




Celeste - A Thanatos Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: News anchorwoman Celeste is one of the few victims to survive the ordeal of the Thanatos Society.Celeste &ndash; A Thanatos Society Tale &ndash; Part Three  
Celeste Swift balances on her bondage boots beside her Master, Karl Davidoff.
  The thin metal wires that make up her bra and thong dig cruelly into her flesh.
  But this discomfort is trivial compared to the psychological anguish she suffers
  as she watches the video. It is a recording of her first hours as a captive
  of the Thanatos Society. She looks at the image of herself when she was only
  fourteen years old. Tall for her age even then, she is dwarfed by the large
  brass frame to which she is shackled in a tight spread eagle position. She
  watches her younger self struggle ineffectively as Grandma dangles four fishhooks
  inches in front of her cum- slickened face.  
The camera is positioned at the foot of the frame. The viewer can clearly
  see her abused cunt. Blood drips intermittently from between her legs. Adult
  Celeste recalls the burning pain she felt eleven years ago when her father
  ripped away her virginity. As the old woman in the video continues to dangle
  the hooks in front of her granddaughter, the young girl's abdomen convulses
  with fear. Suddenly a golden stream of urine spurts from between her legs.
  She is so frightened that she loses control of her bladder.  
As the men in the audience cheer, Celeste's mother admonishes her for embarrassing
  herself in front of all these strangers.  
"Now, now, dear," Grandma scolds her daughter gently. "Don't be too hard
  on little Celeste."  
Turning back to her granddaughter, she asks her if she is thirsty. Celeste
  nods her head weakly. Anything to delay the use of those fishhooks.  
"I'll give you a drink, dear," says the old woman who winks a Celeste's mother,
  Adrienne. Adrienne presses a button on the control box. The winches that hold
  the teen's arms begin to travel down the posts at the upper corners of the
  frame. They stop when Celeste's head is only a foot from the floor. The girl
  is now stretched at an angle with her feet higher than her head.  
Grandma casually drops the fishhooks on Celeste's chest. She then turns to
  face the headpiece of the frame and straddles her granddaughter's face. Young
  Celeste gazes at the old woman's gash. Grandma grabs the posts of the headboard
  and squats down so that her pussy is only inches from Celeste. The old woman's
  cunt is surrounded by gray pubic hair. Her leathery brown labia hang down from
  her crotch.  
As she watches the image on the screen, adult Celeste remembers the rancid,
  fishy smell of her grandmother's sex. She learned later that the old woman
  hadn't bathed for a week before her granddaughter's abduction.  
Celeste's grandma releases a warm torrent of acrid yellow piss directly in
  the fourteen year-old's face. Her beautiful freckled skin is soaked. She cries
  out in surprise and a stream of piss quickly fills her mouth. The girl struggles
  and gags as grandma continues to squat and pee on her face. The teen shakes
  her head from side to side in an attempt to avoid the golden shower. The youngster
  blinks her eyes repeatedly as she tries to clear them of the acidic liquid.  
Grown up Celeste has been forced to consume a lot more disgusting fare than
  urine in her eleven years as a sex-slave but she still remembers the devastating
  horror she felt when her own grandmother pissed on her. Soon the stream trickles
  to a stop. The old woman quickly straightens up and turns around.  
"And now, down to business," she says merrily, and picks up the fishhooks
  by their nylon leaders. As she walks to the other end of the frame she grabs
  a spool of clear monofilament fishing line and a knife from the table. Meanwhile
  Celeste is being raised up to a height more convenient to her Grandma.  
The old woman stands between her granddaughter's widely spread legs and studies
  her pussy. Handing three of the hooks, the scissors and the fishing line to
  her son-in-law, who has stepped up to assist, she continues to look at Celeste. "I
  declare Rob," says the old woman. "That your daughter has an exquisite vagina.
  Such soft, plump flesh. And hardly any hair."  
She gently pinches the flesh near Celeste's labia. The teenager, who's been
  keening with fear, gasps from the pain. Even a gentle caress is excruciatingly
  painful to her super sensitive skin. Using her left hand, Grandma squeezes
  the soft tissue of her granddaughter's right labia. The fourteen year-old captive
  shrieks as the evil old woman pushes the point of the barbed fishhook through
  her cunt lip. As Celeste cries and struggles in her bonds a close-up on the
  screen shows ruby beads of blood oozing out of her wounded cunt flesh.  
Grown-up Celeste watches the image of her grandmother inserting another fishhook
  in the same cunt lip. In short order, the young victim's left labium is adorned
  in a similar fashion.  
Assisted by Celeste's father, the old woman cuts and ties a three-foot length
  of monofilament fishing line to each hook. She pulls the ends of the two lines
  tied to the hooks in the unfortunate teenager's right cunt lip and fastens
  them to the links in the chain that stretches the youngster's right leg to
  a corner of the frame. The lines tied to the hooks in Celeste's left labia
  are then fastened to the manacle chain in the left corner of the frame. She
  then steps back to admire her work. The camera closes in on a tight shot so
  that the screen is filled with the image of Celeste's ravaged fuck-hole stretched
  obscenely open by the vicious fishhooks. Grandma inserts her gnarled forefinger
  to the knuckle into her granddaughter's cunt. By now young Celeste is hoarse
  from screaming. Her cries ascend an octave as her own grandmother rubs her
  dry finger across the wound where her hymen has been ripped away.  
As adult Slave Celeste reluctantly watches the screen her Master continues
  to caress her legs and backside with one hand while masturbating with the other
  hand. "Remove her clothes," he says to his butler who has been standing quietly
  behind them. Celeste is vastly relieved as the servant pulls the needles from
  her nipples. He then unfastens and helps her out of her bra and thong. She
  now stands naked in her bondage shoes. Her breasts and waist are decorated
  with red lines where the wires had pushed into her alabaster skin. Tiny streams
  of blood ooze from her punctured nipples. Master Karl looks at her as he reclines
  a little in his seat, moving his hips forward. His cock is fully erect. "Fuck
  me," he orders.  
Celeste continues to face the large screen as she straddles his lap. Her
  legs from toes to knees are in an agony, caused by the cruel bondage boots
  she continues to wear. Despite this, she lowers herself until her master's
  cock presses against the opening of her cunt. With a gasp of pleasure, she
  allows her pussy to swallow his cock. His thick shaft fills her cunt completely.
  Soon his cock gleams with her girl juice. As she quietly rides up and down
  on his cock, she is forced to watch her teenaged self being tortured by her
  own depraved family. She can feel an orgasm growing in her core. Sensing this,
  Davidoff orders Celeste to stop bouncing up and down on his cock. She sits
  still with her cunt filled with his engorged man-meat. He grasps her by her
  shoulders and pulls her back until she is reclining on his chest. "I don't
  want you to cum until I tell you to," he whispers into her ear. "I want you
  to sit still and use your cunt muscles to squeeze my cock every ten seconds
  for a count of three before relaxing. Meanwhile, let's enjoy the video."  
Celeste begins to squeeze as instructed. She knows that her Master can enjoy
  this for hours before he allows himself to cum. Her attention returns to the
  image of herself and her grandma on the large screen.  
By now Granny has removed her gnarled finger from her granddaughter's violated
  pussy. The old woman looks carefully at the digit. It glistens wetly with a
  mixture of blood and cunt juice. With an evil smile she pops the finger in
  her mouth and licks it off. "Nothing is sweeter than virgin blood," she says
  with a smile.  
The stretched labia of the fourteen-year-old captive hurts terribly. The
  fishhooks continue to pull her vagina open cruelly. Tiny droplets of ruby blood
  drip from the vicious razor sharp barbs. "You know, Grandpa," the old woman
  continues. "I believe you and your son-in-law have bruised little Celeste's
  love sheath with your nasty old cocks. I think it's time to tend to those bruises." Grandpa
  smiles and nods his head in agreement. "You're right my dear," he says, as
  he walks up to the cart next to Celeste's imprisoning rack. "And I've got just
  the thing we need to soothe her." Teenaged Celeste watches her grandfather
  take a large jar from the cart. The vessel is filled with a cloudy liquid.
  Protruding from its mouth is the shiny end of a large pair of tongs. The old
  man carefully steps over the siderail of the metal frame and stands straddling
  his granddaughter's outstretched left arm. "My dear," he announces in a loud
  voice. "As you know, I am a man of medicine. While up-to-date on the latest
  methods, I'm also a student of medical history." The frightened young captive's
  gaze goes back and forth between her granddad and the jar he is holding. She
  cannot make out what exactly is in the cloudy brown water.  
"In the past few years some of my more progressive colleagues have discovered
  that some of the old methods can be used beneficially even today," he continues. "Now
  Grandma tells me that your poor little cunny is all bruised. Well, my dear,
  I'd like to introduce you to one of my little helpers who'll make your cunt
  feel better." The old man grasps the tongs and fishes around in the jar. After
  a moment, he smiles and holds what he has captured inches from his granddaughter's
  horrified face. "Say hello to my little friend," he says mockingly. The young
  girl's stomach heaves with shock and disgust. Squirming energetically from
  the end of the tongs is a greyish green leech. Some of the slime drips off
  the three-inch long animal's shiny surface onto Celeste's cheek. She looks
  at the end of the writhing worm and sees that its mouth is a round hole lined
  with hundreds of sharp conical teeth arranged in concentric circles.  
"Celeste, my dear," the old man says. "This is what is known as a medicinal
  leech. However, this fellow is a member of a strain especially developed in
  the labs of a pharmaceutical company whose director is a member of the Thanatos
  Society. You see, his scientists were trying to engineer a more efficient leech.
  Normally, a medicinal leech can only suck around five milligrams of blood before
  becoming engorged. This little fellow can suck up much more than that. In fact,
  when he is full, he swells to three times his normal volume. Unfortunately
  these little guys cannot be used on regular patients for you see, unlike most
  leeches, whose bites are painless, the bite from the Thanatos leech is very
  painful. Moreover, the chemical it releases to keep its victim's blood from
  clotting causes very acute itching -- kind of like a mosquito bite, only a
  hundred times worse."  
His captive granddaughter continues to look on with horror as the old man
  moves to the other end of the frame. As he walks, Celeste's mother has used
  the remote control to raise the chains holding her daughter's legs up almost
  to the top of the corner columns of the frame. The young teen's body is now
  held at a sharp angle with her head far below heels. The old man is now positioned
  between his granddaughter's legs. He ignores her pleas to stop. With a cruel
  smile, he pinches one of the taut lines that connect a fishhook to the manacle
  chain on Celeste's left ankle and plucks it like a harp string. "Oh do shut
  up, Celeste," he admonishes, as her painful cries increase in volume. "I'm
  doing this for your own good." Without hesitating, he uses his tongs to push
  the first leech deep into his granddaughter's fleshy hole.  
To this day, adult Celeste can remember the revolting feel of that slimy
  worm writhing in her love channel. The image on the screen now shows a close-up
  of the teenager's face. Her expression transforms from one of disgust to one
  of pain as she feels the leech fastening its teeth onto the bruised flesh of
  her cunt. Almost immediately a burning itch begins. Granddad lifts a second
  leech from the water and pushes it into his grandchild. Soon another part of
  her internal flesh begins to burn and itch. With methodical precision and ignoring
  the pathetic pleas of his granddaughter, the old doctor inserts a total of
  ten bloodsucking worms into her bruised pussy. Poor Celeste struggles against
  the chains holding her, as her cunt burns and itches. After a few moments,
  she can feel pressure growing inside her cunt. The leeches are starting to
  swell up as they drink her blood!  
Grandma looks at Celeste and says, "Does it really hurt, my child?"  
"Oh, yes!!" responds the girl between sobs. "Please, please take them out!"  
"I'm afraid we won't be able to do that for a few more minutes if we want
  the treatment to work," Granny continues. "But perhaps I can find a way to
  take your mind off the pain in your cunt.  
"You know, my dear. I can't help but admire your beautiful breasts. I know
  they are not fully developed yet but those red little nipples perched on your
  velvety mounds are just delightful. You are probably too young and na&iuml;ve
  to know it but men love girls with nipples that stand out prominently. I think
  that we should put to good use the time necessary to complete the leech treatment
  by stretching those nipples."  
To Celeste's horror, Grandma produces a two-inch long stainless steel needle.
  She bends down to pluck the nipple of her granddaughter's left breast. Carefully
  she places the point of the shaft against the side of the girl's nipple and
  slowly pushes it through the tender flesh until the point comes out the other
  side of the pink fleshy bud. She ignores her granddaughter's howls and continues
  to insert the needle until it is centered. She quickly inserts a similar needle
  into the nipple of Celeste's other breast. She steps back to view her work.
  Silver shafts protrude from either side of each nipple. Blood slowly leaks
  from the fresh wounds and trickles down the tops of the inverted girl's breasts
  toward her shoulders. But the old woman isn't finished. Taking a length of
  clear fishing line, she ties a small noose at one end. She slips the noose
  over he ends of the needle in her granddaughter's left breast. She viciously
  pulls the tender bud until its is stretched more than an inch longer than is
  normal. She then ties the other end of the line to the top railing of the frame
  at the Celeste's head. Grandma does the same thing to her grandchild's other
  nipple.  
Looking at this eleven-year-old atrocity, Adult Celeste remembers that Granny
  was correct. The pain in her breasts did take her mind of the itching in her
  cunt.  
Master Karl presses a button on the remote control and the image of young
  Celeste freezes on the screen. It is a full-length shot of the teenager. Blood
  tinged slime leaks from her splayed open vagina. Her face is a mask of utter
  pain as her nipples are stretched cruelly from her breasts.  
"It's getting late," Master Davidoff announces, casually slapping Adult Celeste's
  butt. "We've got a busy day ahead of us, so we'd better get some rest. Perhaps
  we'll watch some more of this tomorrow." Slave Celeste is reminded that her
  parents are visiting along with two other members of the Thanatos Society and
  she is to entertain them.  
"Stand up and finish me with your mouth," he orders as he switches off the
  video machine. Celeste pulls herself off of her Master's cock and turns to
  face him. Still balancing on the bondage boots, she bends over from the waist
  and sucks his cock into her mouth. Swirling her tongue in his piss slit before
  bathing the head and shaft, she deep throats the organ with ease. After a few
  minutes, Karl groans softly and releases a flood of sperm down her throat.
  Celeste stands up and smiles. Her lips are slick with her master's cock juice.  
Davidoff follows Celeste up to the main level of the mansion. He admires
  her how her legs and butt muscles are made tense by the bondage boots. "Before
  I put you to bed," he says, "I want you to clean out the cat box."  
Davidoff has two Siamese cats. He does not let them outside so they use a
  litter box in which to relieve themselves. Once a week, it is Celeste's duty
  to remove the accumulated cat shit and piss-soaked clay from the litter box.
  While this domestic job is carried out in thousands of cat-lovers households
  throughout the land, Celeste is probably the only person who must complete
  this unsavory chore with her hands manacled behind her back. As befits a lowly
  slave, she must kneel at the litter box and clean it out with her mouth. Unless
  she has displeased her Master, she is allowed to spit the cat shit into a plastic
  garbage bag. Usually as she does this, the two cats sit nearby looking at her
  with what can only be described as expressions of amused superiority.  
Celeste's Master has videotaped her cleaning out the litter box on an occasion
  when she had displeased him. The tape shows close-up images of her chewing
  and swallowing cat shit. Karl often torments his slave by threatening to mail
  a copy of the video to the news director of the ABC affiliate where Celeste
  is the much- admired news anchor. This evening, Celeste manages to clean the
  litter box in only five minutes. When she is finished her arms are freed and
  she is allowed to remove her bondage boots. Completely naked, she goes to the
  upper level of the mansion to brush her teeth and shower.  
It is now time for Karl to put his slave to bed. Celeste has the honor of
  sleeping in her Master's bed tonight. She lays down on her back in the middle
  of the king-sized bed. Her head faces the footboard. Davidoff fastens her arms
  and legs to the corner posts of the bed frame so she cannot move. He removes
  his clothing and climbs into bed. He moves on top of his slave so that his
  cock dangles over her face. Celeste opens wide and her owner buries his prick
  in her mouth. Davidoff then settles down on top of her. Reaching over to the
  night table he takes a large dildo and pushes it into Celeste's cunt. He then
  rests his head on her thigh and drifts off to sleep. Soon, using her Master's
  cock like a fleshy soother, Slave Celeste drifts off too sleep as well.  
&hellip; End of Part 3  
Celeste &ndash; A Thanatos Society Tale &ndash; Part Four   
Slave Celeste spends the night as the living mattress and cum sponge of her
  owner, Master Karl Davidoff. For six hours he sleeps on top of her bound, spread-eagle
  body with his cock firmly stuffed into her mouth. A well-trained slave, Celeste
  manages to sleep despite the fact that at three in the morning her Master pisses
  down her throat and, two hours later, coats her tongue with a thick wad of
  sperm. Both times, Celeste swallows every loathsome drop. When sunlight lights
  up the large bedroom, Master Davidoff wakes up. Arching up on all fours, he
  pulls his wet cock out of Celeste's mouth. For just a moment a glistening ribbon
  of cock slime hangs between the end of his prick and his slave's lips. He gets
  out of bed and unfastens her bonds so that she, too, can get up. He orders
  her to brush her teeth and join him for breakfast on the terrace overlooking
  the large lawn behind the mansion.  
Slave Celeste enters her Master's spacious bathroom and brushes her teeth.
  Before joining her Master, she stops to look at herself in a full-length mirror.
  As she studies her image she thinks that she looks remarkably good for someone
  who has undergone eleven years of slavery. Every inch of her body had been
  beaten at one time or another yet she shows no scars. This is largely due to
  her natural ability to heal quickly and the very effective healing unguents
  developed by the drug companies whose senior directors are members of the Thanatos
  Society. As she looks into the mirror, she weaves her red hair into two braids.
  When she flips them forward their ends just cover her nipples. Still naked,
  except for metal cuffs around her ankles and wrists, she goes to meet Davidoff.  
Slut-Celeste steps out onto the sunny terrace. Master Karl is seated at a
  large glass-topped metal table while his servant, Lee, stands nearby. The large
  oriental is about to begin cooking breakfast on a gas grill on a cart that
  he has wheeled up to the table. Celeste drops to kneel beside Davidoff's chair.
  She spreads her knees on the hot stone floor of the terrace and arches her
  back, thrusting out her breasts provocatively. Finally, she thrusts the index
  finger of each hand into her pussy and spreads her cunt lips, revealing the
  pink lining of her love chute, having thus assumed the "Exposing the Pink" position
  of subservience. This is only one of several humiliating stances she and her
  fellow students were taught years ago at the Thanatos Academy. She awaits her
  Master's command.  
"Celeste," he says. "Today is going to be rather grueling for you so you'd
  better eat a large breakfast." He nods at Lee, who places a dog dish on the
  floor in front of Celeste. She looks down and sees the gruel that she is always
  forced to eat when staying with Davidoff. It is a porridge that has been fortified
  with wheat germ and various vitamin and mineral supplements. The gray mush
  has also been laced with a stimulant developed by the Society that makes her
  skin more sensitive to the touch. The stimulant also prevents her from fainting
  under extreme torture. She bends forward to begin lapping up the mess when
  her Master orders her to wait. "Lee," he says to his butler. "You forgot to
  add the protein supplement to Slut Celeste's breakfast." Celeste braces herself,
  expecting the servant to jerk off into her breakfast. This time however, he
  doesn't. Instead he picks up a clear measuring cup that is sitting on his cooking
  cart and brings it to her. Her eyes widen with disgust when she sees the writhing
  mass of blowfly larvae that squirm and wriggle in the container. There must
  be at least half a cup of the yellow-white maggots. With a smile, Lee pours
  them into Celeste's bowl. Davidoff explains that Lee discovered a dead cat
  in the rose garden earlier that morning. "Apparently," he continues. "It had
  been dead for several days because it was simply crawling with maggots. Lee
  thought it a wonderful opportunity to add a little variety to your meal." Stifling
  an urge to vomit, Celeste bends to her task and begins to lap up her breakfast.
  The idea of swallowing the worms whole revolts her so she tries to chew them
  up. Unfortunately they are so bitter that she has no choice but to swallow
  them alive.  
While she eats her hellish breakfast, Lee is preparing sausages and eggs
  for Davidoff. When Celeste is finished, she once again assumes the position.
  Her master orders her to serve him breakfast. She was afraid of this. She stands
  and lies on her back on the table. She positions herself so that her owner
  is seated at her flat abdomen. She can hear the sausages and eggs frying loudly
  in the cast iron frying pan. In a moment, Lee comes to the table carrying the
  pan. With a ladle he lifts a sunnyside up egg out of the hot butter and slides
  it onto Celeste's right breast with the yolk centered over her nipple. She
  gasps as the hot egg burns her hypersensitive skin. The manservant then places
  a second egg on her left breast. He then uses tongs to pick up a sizzling sausage,
  which he pushes into Celeste's cunt until just the tip can be seen protruding.
  He stuffs two more into her pussy. The greasy sausages and eggs are not hot
  enough to do permanent damage to her skin, but they do burn horribly. Lee then
  holds the pan over Celeste and tips it, pouring melted butter and hot sausage
  grease onto her bald pubic area. Celeste cries painfully, but is too well trained
  to move as the hot liquid flows down around her cunt lips and onto the table.
  Smiling, her Master pours some ketchup into her navel and begins to eat breakfast.
  Fortunately for her, he is using a relatively dull knife and fork. Nonetheless,
  he manages to break the skin on her breast with the tines of the fork so that
  blood oozes onto the eggs. Davidoff does not seem to mind. He uses the fork
  to remove a hot sausage from his slave's pussy and dips it into the ketchup
  before biting into it.  
As he eats, he tells Celeste that he wants to announce something that will
  affect their relationship from now on. Her heart leaps. Despite the abuse she
  has suffered at his hands, she realizes that Karl Davidoff has been a relatively
  good master compared to other members of the Thanatos Society. He has even
  allowed her to have a successful broadcasting career and an apartment in the
  city. In fact, for the past five year, she has been his "week end" slave. All
  things considered, her life as Davidoff's slave has been relatively good. Now
  all is going to change.  
"Celeste," he says between mouthfuls of food. "I've owned you since you were
  a fresh fifteen year old student in the Thanatos Academy. And I must say that
  you've been a wonderfully subservient pet. Unfortunately, all good things must
  come to an end."  
Celeste's stomach drops. What does he mean? Is he going to give her her freedom?  
He continues. "You know we're not getting any younger. You're twenty-five
  and I'm almost fifty. I always wanted a son and I want to be able see him grow
  up before I get too old. So I've decided to get married." Once again, her heart
  leaps. She thinks, surely he's not going to ask me to marry him! He's not.
  Karl has finished eating and Lee hands him a wet washcloth that he uses to
  wipe the grease and butter off Celeste's body. When she is clean she resumes
  her kneeling position in front of her Master. "Yes, Celeste," he continues. "I've
  asked Carolyn von Potiv to marry me and she's accepted." Celeste's head is
  spinning &ndash; what will become of me, she wonders. Her master continues. "You
  remember Carolyn. I introduced her to you when you hosted your television station's
  last New Year's party." Celeste remembers the annual party held for all the
  major advertisers in the area of which her owner's company is one of the largest.
  Of course only she and Davidoff knew the true nature of their relationship.
  Almost everybody else thought they were simply casual acquaintances. At the
  party, Davidoff introduced her to his companion, a remarkably beautiful raven-haired
  woman in her early twenties. Upon hearing her name, Celeste remembered that
  the woman's father was none other than Stephan von Potiv, chemical tycoon and
  long-time member of the Thanatos Society.  
Fighting back tears, Celeste listens as her owner continues. "Carolyn knows
  that you're my slave. The fact that I have one doesn't bother her. She's used
  to sharing her father's mansion with several of his fuck-toys. In fact, for
  a short time, Carolyn had a body slave of her own. Until her father killed
  it and never bothered getting a replacement. But I digress. Carolyn is somewhat
  jealous of your long relationship with me and is insisting that I get rid of
  you. I resisted at first. After all, I've grown as attached to you as I would
  to a fine hunting dog or one of my horses. But when Carolyn told me that her
  father intends to give us a wedding present of identical twin fifteen-year
  old girls who've just graduated from the Thanatos Academy, I couldn't say no.
  You know how rare it is for twins to graduate. Usually one, if not both, are
  killed."  
Tears are now coursing down Celeste's cheeks. Her owner beckons her to come
  closer and she crawls to him on all fours. He begins to caress her bottom lip
  with his thumb as he continues speaking. "So, Celeste, we must part company.
  And it's because of this that your parents are visiting. You see, my dear,
  I intend to sell you to the highest bidder. Yes, they're going to preside over
  a very exclusive auction that we are going to hold later today down in the
  large torture chamber. I've invited a few fellow members of the Society to
  participate. In fact Carolyn's father's is coming. He's promised his daughter
  that if he's lucky enough to buy you, he'll ship you to his ranch in Colorado
  where he keeps a stable of pony-girls. You've always enjoyed riding horses.
  Now you can become one."  
Master Karl continues to rub his thumb along his slave's lip. He smiles when
  he sees that her nipples are swelling and assumes that her cunt is getting
  hot and moist in reaction to his simple caresses. I'm going to miss this fuck-pig,
  he thinks to himself. If I keep this up long enough pussy juice will soon leak
  down the insides of her thighs. Indeed, Slave Celeste is getting more and more
  excited by the touch of her Master. She has half-closed her eyes and is softly
  moaning. This despite the horrifying news that she about to be sold. Opening
  her mouth, she sucks his thumb into its warm confines. Her nostrils flare with
  passion and she sucks harder. Her cunt releases radiating waves of energy out
  from her clitty and through her body as her orgasm builds. If Master Karl is
  still talking, Slave Celeste can't hear him. Her whole world has been reduced
  to her cunt and Master Karl's thumb. After a moment her entire body convulses
  in a bone-shaking orgasm. Cunt juice does, indeed, spurt from her pussy and
  down her thighs. With the thumb still in her mouth, Celeste's orgasm slowly
  subsides. The slave remains on all fours when she hears a voice she hasn't
  heard in eleven years.  
"That can only be my little girl!" a gruff voice drawls wetly. "It's been
  over ten years, but I'd recognize that pretty heart-shaped ass anywhere." Celeste
  shudders. Her father has arrived and is standing behind her admiring her wondrously
  spankable butt. The sound of her father's voice frightens her. She tries to
  release Master Karl's thumb from her mouth but he grabs her jaw with his other
  fingers. She struggles to sit up but only succeeds in wiggling her ass seductively
  at her father. Master Davidoff warmly greets the older man and asks where Celeste's
  mother is. He is told that Mrs Swift is in the house and will be out soon.
  She and Lee, who had gone back in, have a few things to take care of. Celeste
  can hear her Daddy's footsteps approaching her from behind, but her Master
  is gripping her face so she cannot turn her head to look at him. Davidoff orders
  her to move her knees farther apart and she does. Her father is standing between
  her legs now. She hears him unzipping his fly as he kneels behind her. The
  old man runs both hands over her bare ass. He spreads open the cheeks of her
  ass with his thumbs. Celeste can feel the heat from his cock as he lays it
  along the crack of her ass. Then he moves it to hover millimeters from the
  tight bud of her anus. She gasps around Davidoff's thumb when her father starts
  to push his hard old cock into her ass. She can remember all those years ago
  when he buggered her for the first time at Thanatos Manor. Her ass-hole stretches
  painfully to accommodate her father's leathery cock head. As soon as it shoves
  through the opening of her ass, the muscles of her ass-hole close tightly around
  her father's cock shaft. Her old man grabs her hips and continues to ram his
  meat into her butt. Celeste hasn't even had an opportunity to set her eyes
  on her father and he already has the full length of his prick in her ass. She
  begins to grunt in rhythm to his thrusts as he pounds his cock in and out.
  After a few moments, Celeste hears her mother step out onto the terrace. The
  older woman laughs to see her husband bum-fucking their daughter. "My, Rob," she
  laughs, "You certainly haven't wasted any time picking up right where you left
  off the last time you saw Slut Celeste." Her father doesn't say anything but
  gasps. Suddenly, Celeste feels him pulling his cock out of her ass. Then feels
  the hot jism me splashing onto her ass cheeks.  
Master Karl finally lets go of her chin and Celeste sits up on her haunches.
  As her father's cum slowly leaks down her bum onto the backs of her thighs,
  she takes a look at the man and woman who sold her into sexual slavery. Rob
  Swift is heavier around the middle and her mother is more wrinkled and even
  slimmer that before. Both her parents have silver hair.  
Under normal circumstances a daughter's reunion with her parents would be
  an occasion for mutual joy and celebration. A normal father and mother would
  tell her how proud they are of her accomplishments in the world of television
  journalism. Normal parents would beam proudly at the beautiful woman their
  cherished little girl had grown into. But her parents are far normal. After
  all, a normal dad doesn't stick his cock up his daughter's ass.  
Both parents take seats at the table and grin happily at their child. "Celeste," says
  Adrienne. "I remember as if it were yesterday the look of utter horror on your
  fourteen year-old face as you were dragged out of the Theatre of Pain and down
  to the infirmary of Thanatos Manor."  
"Yes, indeed," beams her father. "That was some workout your late grandparents
  and we gave you, wasn't it, slut? Why, we were quite exhausted by the time
  we finished. Now come over here and give your Daddy a big kiss hello."  
Reluctantly, Celeste gets to her feet and approaches her father. When she
  comes to him he wraps his arms around her and plants a kiss on her mouth. He
  insinuates his tongue down her throat and grabs her ass with both hands, smearing
  his cum over her ass cheeks. Celeste can feel his erect cock through his trousers.
  He reaches down with one hand to press her crotch and slip a fat finger into
  her pussy. After a moment he removes his tongue from her mouth and his finger
  from her cunt and steps back. With a wink, he puts his finger in his mouth
  and sucks on it. "MMMMmm," he says. "Nothing like the taste of sausage and
  pussy. Celeste, I always thought you looked good enough to eat. Now you've
  proved it." As her father speaks, her mother leans over and reaches out to
  pinch her daughter's left nipple. "You appear to have survived the past eleven
  years as a slave in pretty good shape. Thanks to the healing elixirs of the
  Thanatos Labs." After a moment, Mother lets go of her nipple and orders her
  to assume the position called "The Pyramid". Celeste bends forward from the
  waist and spreads her legs until her forehead is resting on the stone terrace.
  Her ass is the pinnacle of the pyramid. Finally she reaches back and spreads
  her ass cheeks with both hands. With a smile, goes over to the side of the
  terrace where a pair of gardener's gloves and shears rest on the railing overlooking
  the rose garden. She dons the gloves and picks up the shears. She carefully
  cuts a white rose from a bush whose branches overhang the terrace. She puts
  down the shears and returns to the others. Celeste cannot see her mother plucking
  the leaves from the stem of the rose. When she is finished the older woman
  shows the flower to the men. The large white bloom is supported by a woody
  stem that is half and inch thick and covered with hundreds of needle like thorns.
  She winks at Master Karl and her husband and goes over to Celeste. Her daughter
  screams but does not move as she pushes the thorny stem into Celeste's ass-hole.
  The thorns tear the flesh of her anal ring and tiny beads of blood begin to
  ooze. Mother steps back to admire her daughter bent over with a rose shoved
  into her ass. As she returns to sit with the men, ruby red rivulets of blood
  drip from Celeste's ass and run down her legs.  
Ignoring her plight, Ron Swift smiles and says to his daughter that it is
  remarkable that a worthless slut like she is has managed to fool the public
  into believing that she is a qualified journalist. One whose talents are good
  enough to make her the news anchor at the local ABC affiliate. "How many cocks
  did you have to suck to get that job?" he asks with a leer. "Since your mother
  and I now live in Europe, we haven't seen you on the tube -- at least not on
  commercial television. We do have videotapes of your initiation and training
  at Thanatos Manor that we make a point of watching every year on your birthday." With
  an evil smile he continues. "And now, after all these years, your sentimental
  Master has invited your mother and me back to preside over your sale to a brand
  new owner."  
"I'm just sorry Grandma and Grandpa aren't here to share our joy," says Celeste's
  mother. Turning to Davidoff, Mrs Swift says. "I understand that you and Rob
  want to supervise setting up the main torture chamber for the auction. While
  you do, I'll take Celeste inside and get her ready." Davidoff agrees and he
  and Celeste's father step off the terrace and head for a screened-in gazebo
  situated in a corner of the sprawling back lawn of the estate. Celeste knows
  that the gazebo hides the entrance to a large chamber that has been carved
  out of the ground beneath the lawn. It is a fully equipped torture chamber,
  containing everything from the most primitive torture instruments to the latest
  pain-dealing devices that modern science can develop. Celeste has been down
  there several times but only to assist in the torture of some innocent victim
  of the Thanatos Society. In the past ten years, she has witnessed the agonizing
  deaths of over twenty young women and girls in that chamber of horrors. And
  now she is to the principal attraction in that hellhole.  
Mrs Swift stands up and pulls the bloody rose from her daughter's ass. With
  numb obedience Celeste follows her mother into the large house. Mrs Swift uses
  a small key to unlock the manacles around her daughter's wrists and ankles.
  Smiling, she leads her daughter into the guest bedroom that has been reserved
  for her and her husband. She gently helps her lie down on the king-sized bed.
  By now her ass has nearly stopped bleeding. "Celeste," she says. "Although
  we seen each other for more than a decade, Karl has written to us about your
  life as his slave. You know my dear, you are a very lucky girl to have such
  a kind Master. I've seen the list of people he's invited to the auction and
  know none of them will be as good to you as he has." As she speaks, Celeste's
  mother removes her clothes until she stands naked beside the bed. Celeste looks
  at her mother and is reminded of her grandmother. The woman's skin is wrinkled
  and saggy and her deflated breasts droop. Her pubic hair is white. Without
  a word, her mother climbs onto the bed and crawls over her daughter until her
  old cunt is inches from Celeste's face. Suddenly she drops down and pushes
  her snatch onto her child's mouth. She also shoves her face into the younger
  woman's pussy and begins to vigorously lick her daughter's cunt. Celeste can
  hardly breathe with her mother's snatch pasted to her face. She begins to lick
  and suck at the old woman's clitty, hoping that she can make her cum quickly
  and end this assault. He mother's slimy cunt juice fills her mouth. Despite
  herself, Celeste can feel her own pussy juicing up as her mother continues
  to go down on her daughter. Her cunt begins to tingle as her orgasm builds.
  Just as she is about to cum, her mother sinks her teeth into her cunt lips. "MMpppphhhh!!" A
  muffled scream escapes Celeste as her mother continues to chew on her pussy
  while grinding her own cunt into her daughter's face. The old woman moves her
  head and grips Celeste's clitoris between her teeth. She moves her bottom jaw
  from side to side, rolling and twisting the sensitive bud of flesh between
  her teeth. She then lifts her head stretching her daughter's tiny organ painfully.
  Suddenly she stops and gets off the bed. Looking at her daughter's tear-stained
  face, she says that that is the sort of treatment to expect from now on.  
She tells her daughter to get up and leads her down to the small theater
  where, the night before, her master and she watched part of the film of her
  initiation into slavery. Lee is waiting for them. He has set up a metal contraption
  that brings a chill to Celeste's heart when she sees it. "My dear," says her
  mother. "The auction's supposed to begin around one o'clock today. I think
  you should get some rest here before it starts. Since you're about to be sold,
  I thought it'd be a good idea to give you another taste of what your life will
  undoubtedly be like from now on." She leads Celeste to Lee who stands beside
  the frame. The horizontal crossbar of the frame is about eight feet from the
  floor. An electric winch is fixed to the center of the horizontal bar. Two
  small eyebolts have been screwed into the underside of the bar, a foot on either
  side of the winch. Attached to the nylon rope that hangs from the device is
  a nine-inch long ribbed plastic dildo. After cuffing Slave Celeste's wrists
  behind her back, her mother makes her lie on the floor beneath the winch. Lee
  lowers the dildo until it, too, rests on the floor between Celeste's legs.
  He then pushes the plastic cock deep into her pussy. Mother presses a switch
  and the winch begins to wind in the rope. "Celeste," says Mr Swift. "Karl reports
  that your cunt muscles are strong enough to crack a walnut, squeeze them now
  around that lovely cock." The slave does as ordered. The ribbed cock has a
  rough sandpapery surface. Soon her ass is lifted of the floor, then her shoulders
  and finally her head until she is dangling upside down in mid-air, supported
  only by her cunt muscles. She begins to rotate but her mother holds her still,
  facing the large plasma TV screen that is the centerpiece of the theater. Lee
  grabs her left ankle and wraps a thin rope around her big toe. He then fastens
  the other end of the rope to the eye bolt in the frame's cross bar. He does
  the same to the toe on her right foot. The ropes are not taut. There is about
  ten inches of slack in each one. While he is doing that, her mother is wrapping
  thin wire around each of her daughter's nipples. She asks Lee to fasten the
  ends of those wires to the crossbar eyebolts as well. There is some slack in
  them too.  
Mrs Swift steps back to admire of the sight of her daughter, hanging upside
  down, supporting her entire weight with her pussy muscles. "Celeste," she says. "We're
  going to leave you to "rest" for an hour or so. If you get tired and let the
  dildo slip from your little cunny, the ropes around your toes should support
  you. I hope Lee calculated the lengths of those nipple wires correctly or you
  might lose them, so be a good girl and do your best to hang on with your wonderful
  snatch." Celeste was already bathed in sweat from her efforts to grasp the
  dildo. Her mother continues. "Just so you won't get bored, your Master suggested
  that you watch the rest of the very entertaining film of your first day as
  a slave in Thanatos Manor. Just watch the screen, and I'll be back in an hour
  or so." She and Lee, leave the room. In a moment, the screen comes to life
  with an image of her when she was only fourteen. Lee has thoughtfully arranged
  for the picture to be upside down so that Slave Celeste can see it more clearly.  
As she hangs upside down adult Slave Celeste's blood leaks from the wounds
  made by the ropes around her toes. It flows along her feet and down her legs.
  Her attention is brought back to the screen when she hears her father announcing
  to the audience that his daughter is tired and she is going to be allowed to
  rest for a half hour or so. Before the groans of disappointment from the one
  hundred or so men in the audience become too loud, Mr Swift holds up his hands
  to silence them. He then announces that the men in the audience are invited
  to take this opportunity to introduce his daughter to the wildly popular Japanese
  tradition of Bukkake  . "In fact," he continues. "In a
  moment the Cum Bell will be rung throughout the Manor, inviting all who hear
  it to participate."  
While he addresses the audience, the other three tormentors unfasten the
  teenager from the frame. She tries to stand by herself but cannot and collapses
  to the floor of the stage. A Thanatos Facilitator brings to the stage a round
  Plexiglas tub. It is three feet in diameter and two feet deep. A small metal
  turnbuckle is fastened to the outside of the tub. Her father walks up to his
  daughter and grabs her by her braids. He viciously pulls her to her feet and
  pushes her towards the tub. Her mother handcuffs her wrists behind her back.
  She steps into the tub and is forced to sit down cross-legged. Father makes
  her lean back until the back of her head rests on the edge of the tub. Her
  head is over the turnbuckle. Her mother ties the ends of young Celeste's braids
  to the hook. Mrs Swift then forces an O-ring gag into her daughter's mouth.
  This vicious German-made gag is particularly nasty because the outer perimeter
  of the ring has been fashioned to resemble a saw blade. If Celeste tries to
  close her mouth, the metal teeth will sink into her flesh. Adult Celeste looks
  at a close-up of her younger self's face. Her terrified eyes make her look
  like the trapped animal she is. The gag forces her to keep her mouth open so
  that there is a one-inch hole giving access to her throat.  
Her father stands before her. "Celeste, my dear," he says. We know you are
  tired so for the next half hour you don't have to do anything but sit in that
  tub. During this time the nice gentlemen in the audience are going to entertain
  themselves by masturbating on your face and lovely body. Now don't pretend
  not to know what masturbation is because we have pictures of you diddling yourself
  since you were eleven. I'd better warn you that the guests of the Thanatos
  Manor are provided with a special drink that its developers call "Penis Power
  #4" but what those who drink it call "Rocket Fuel". You see my dear, after
  a man drinks this potion for a day or so, he is capable of producing immense
  quantities of sperm. I believe the record for a single ejaculation has been
  half a cup, but a quarter cup is more common. That's much better than the mere
  spoonful normally produced. The drink also enables the drinker to sustain an
  erection for hours. Unfortunately for you the cock slime produced by someone
  on Rocket Fuel tastes and smells rather horrible. Now we're all used to the
  smell, and soon you will be too. Finally I'd better warn you that the jism
  has rather astringent properties and burns like vinegar when shot into the
  eyes, so be careful. If I were feeling helpful I'd give you a pair of swimmer's
  goggles but I'm not so you are just going to have to blink your eyes a lot." As
  he speaks, an electronic gong rings at three-second intervals. Her father smiles
  and tells her that they have rung the Cum Bell and that she can expect some
  surprise visitors during her "rest period. Finally, he tells her to get as
  much rest as possible because after, she is going to dance for the nice men
  in the audience.  
While her Dad was speaking, the men of the audience drop trousers and form
  four lines to the stage. When her father finishes his little speech he leaves
  to join the back of one of the lines. The first men in the four lines surround
  the fourteen-year-old and stroke their cocks. Adult Celeste watches her younger
  self who looks like someone facing four guns. Suddenly a large black man on
  her right side cums, spraying her face with a lashing of loathsome ooze. Off
  camera Celeste can hear the voice of her grandmother announcing "one". The
  old woman is keeping count! Young Celeste's right cheek is coated, but the
  man isn't finished. His large cock is still pulsating. However the cock slime
  is now dripping from the tip of his cock, rather than exploding out of it.
  He takes advantage of this by placing his cock directly over young Celeste's
  mouth. About three teaspoons of jism drop in. Adult Celeste watches her teenaged
  self gagging and choking. She remembers what that semen first tasted like.
  It took her several months of daily cock sucking exercises at the Thanatos
  Academy to get used to the vile, rotting fish taste. On the screen, another
  man blasts the teenager's face. ("Two," announces Grandma helpfully.) She cries
  out when a glob of pecker cream lands in her left eye. She blinks and blinks,
  attempting to clear away the burning greasy mess, only to have her right eye
  inundated by a third man. As adult Slave Celeste hangs by her toes and nipples,
  she watches an edited version of the next half-hour of her younger self's life.
  Her youthful face is bathed in men's juices. It drips down the side of her
  head into her ears and then onto the bottom of the tub. Her breasts and belly
  are soaked in jism. Cum overflows her mouth. The thirtieth man in line manages
  to point the tip of his cock directly at the centre of the hole in Celeste's
  ring gag. He then cums with such force that two yellow ropes of sperm shoot
  out of the poor girl's nostrils and down the sides of her cheeks. The camera
  pans down her body to show that the teen is sitting in more than an inch of
  pearly gray cock slime. The picture fades and comes back as Grandma announces "Seventy-five".
  Adult Celeste recognized Master Karl's cock pointing at her face. His hand
  is shown stroking it and suddenly a huge dollop of pecker snot is added to
  the cum mask that now covers the teen's face. She looks like she's covered
  in vanilla icing. With every breath that she takes, bubbles of sperm are blown
  wetly from her lips and nose. She must have swallowed a pint by now. The picture
  fades again and comes back as Granny announces "One hundred and nine." The
  men in line, some of whom have come back for "seconds", laugh when a woman
  who's been standing in line finally gets to Celeste. She is holding a Pekinese
  dog in her arms. Bending low to face the captive teen she says, "Watch the
  neat trick I taught Tsin Tsao  ." Cradling the dog on
  its back with one arm she holds him near Celeste's face and begins stroking
  his penis. The dog begins to whine as his horrible red cock swells. After less
  than a minute, the dog yelps while his cock sprays the girl's face with hot
  canine cum. As the woman leaves, to the cheers of the men in the lines, Adult
  Celeste remembers that the dog's sperm tasted better than the men's did. After
  the hundred and twentieth man cums on her face, Father announces that rest
  time was almost over and would the gentlemen in line please return to their
  seats. With a groan of feigned disappointment, the men comply. Bottles of mineral
  water were made available to the men in order to replenish the liquid lost
  in cumming on Celeste. The camera shows a shows a full-length shot of young
  Celeste. Every inch of her body is bathed in rancid cock grease. Even her red
  hair glistens with pearls of cum. Through cum clouded eyes, fourteen year old
  Celeste watches another woman approaching. She has no dog and the girl wonders
  what the woman will do. It doesn't take long for her to find out. The woman,
  who is wearing a short skirt stand facing away from Celeste's head. She gathers
  up her skirt and squats so that her pussy is squarely over the girl's open
  mouth. The men in line cheer heartily when the woman releases a powerful stream
  of hot piss right into the teen's mouth. Celestes tries to turn her head and
  the woman pisses on her left cheek, washing away some of the cock-slime. Yellow
  piss courses off of her face and drops into the cummy mess on the bottom of
  the tub. The woman grabs Celeste's head and straightens it so that Celeste
  is looking at the woman's cunt. The cruel woman squats further down and mashes
  her pee hole into Celeste's nose. Burning piss courses into her left nostril
  and down her throat. When the girl struggles to close her throat the piss builds
  up and fills her mouth to overflowing. Celeste panics. She thinks that she
  is going to drown in piss. This woman's bladder is immense and she seems to
  be pissing for minutes. When she is finally done she stands up and turns to
  admire the sight of her piss bubbling out of the tortured girl's mouth and
  down her greasy chest and abdomen.  
After five more minutes of spitting cocks, mother finally removes the ring
  gag from her daughter's mouth. On a few occasions the teeth of the ring have
  penetrated the inside of the girl's cheeks so that for a while, the cum leaking
  from Celeste's mouth was tinged with pink. Next, mother unfastens her daughter's
  braids from the turnbuckle and removes the handcuffs. The beautiful teen is
  able to sit up. She is sitting cross-legged in a puddle of cum and piss. The
  camera pans down the front of her glistening body to reveal that the slit of
  her pussy is completely submerged in the vile goo. She is about to try to stand
  up when her father stops her. "Not so fast, young lady. I thought we taught
  you better manners that that." Pointing at the pool of cock snot he continues. "You
  are responsible for that mess and now your going to clean it up. Get up on
  your knees." Celeste tries to obey her father but one her left knee slips on
  the greasy bottom of the tub and she fall sideways, banging her side painfully
  on the edge of the tub. "Hurry up, you miserable little cunt," he growls. "We
  haven't got all day." Moving carefully his young daughter manages to kneel
  in the puddle. "Here, Cunt, use this to slurp up all the nice men's cock cream," her
  orders. He hands her a two-and-a-half foot long piece of clear flexible plastic
  tubing. Its hole is a half an inch in diameter. She realizes with disgust that
  her father expects her to drink the jism on the bottom of the tub. The teen
  glares at her father and throws the hose at him. "I'm not going to do it!" she
  shouts defiantly. Moving quickly, Celeste's dad, grabs her by the scruff of
  the neck and pushes her head forward until her face is submerged in the sickening
  puddle. Adult Celeste remembers the panicked struggle she made as she thought
  her father was going to drown her in the spermy mess. She watches the image
  of her father holding her younger self under the surface of the horrid pool.
  Finally, after what seems like minutes he yanks her head out. The captive teen
  is coughing and sputtering. Calmly, Mr Swift retrieves the hose and hands it
  to his daughter. Without a word, she closes her pearly lips around one end
  of the hose and dips the other into the yellowish- white mixture of the cum
  of more than one hundred men (and one dog). The camera shows her cheeks hollowing
  as she begins to suck the liquid up the hose. Great greasy clots of man juice
  travel noisily up the hose into her mouth and down her throat. At one point
  the poor girl vomits up the litre of sperm already in her stomach. Her father
  calmly tells her to continue. With a pathetic look of resignation, she begins
  to suck up the mess, now laced with chewed up leeches, again. After she throws
  up two more times, her father says it's obvious that she'll never finish her
  snack. He orders her out of the tub and instructs a Facilitator who is about
  to remove the tub to save its contents for his daughter's future meals. Looking
  at Celsest her says, "I know that you like ice cream sodas. I think you'll
  love the version we serve here at the Manor. First we fill a large glass with
  this wonderful and nutritious mixture of cum and piss. Next we add two scoops
  of vanilla ice cream and voila, a cum float."  
Adult Celeste's toes are swollen and throb painfully. She endures the pain,
  hoping that Mother will come to release her soon. Meanwhile she tries to distract
  herself by watching the screen. She sees her fourteen-year-old self standing
  on the stage beside her father. Her other relatives have left the stage. She
  is still coated with cock slime from head to foot. He father looks at her with
  disgust and says. "You look just like a greased pig, you little cunt. Why don't
  we take this opportunity to play a game of Chase the Slippery Slut. As soon
  as he says this three large men come on stage. Each one is more that six feet
  tall. They are all naked except for running shoes. "Listen good, bitch," says
  her father. "You were ungrateful enough not to finish your snack but I'll still
  give you this offer. If you can get off the stage and out of the theater before
  these gentlemen catch you, I'll let you have a real rest." As soon as he says
  this, young Celeste makes a break for the edge of the stage. One of the men
  tries to grab her by the shoulder but it is slippery with jism and she breaks
  free. She leaps off the stage to the taunting cheers of the audience and runs
  toward one of the doors. She is tackled from behind by the same man but manages
  to squirm out from under him. The men in the audience take delight at sight
  of this beautiful naked teenager lithely attempting to out run her pursuers.
  Her ass cheeks bounce seductively and her hard breasts jiggle sexily as she
  continues to run the aisle. Unfortunately she doesn't see the other two men
  running up the other aisle and circling behind the last row of seats. Poor
  Celeste runs blindly at one of the men who's smart enough not to try to grab
  her slippery body. Instead he drives his fist into her solar plexus. The teen
  drops like a stone. She struggles to catch her breath as the men fall on her
  and drag her onto the stage. The chase has excited them for they all have huge
  erect pricks. One man lies on his back on the bare stage floor. The other two
  tightly grip the slick girl and hold her over the man so that the end of his
  prick nudges her ass-hole. Poor Celeste screams as she is forced down on the
  man's pole. Her ass-hole is stretched to near tearing as the cock invades her
  bowels. The man raping her ass puts his arms around her and pulls her back
  onto his chest. Her cunt is now available to the second man who wastes no time
  plowing into the tender furrow. The third man who kneels at her head and pushes
  his cock into her mouth quickly muffles the teenager's screams. For five minutes
  the strangers ravage the fourteen-year-old. She is the meat in their sandwich.
  Almost simultaneously the men cum in her body. When finished, they pull their
  cocks out of her aching holes and leave her sobbing on the stage.  
Slave Celeste has been hanging by her toes for more than an hour when, at
  last, Lee and her mother return. Lee has turned off the film and they release
  her. Her mother applies a disinfectant to her swollen wounded toes. Her nipples
  have swollen as well but at least the wires did not cut into her skin.  
Mrs Swift makes her daughter stand up and leads her to a dressing room. Laid
  out on a table is the costume that Celeste is to wear for at least the first
  part of the auction. It is a schoolgirl uniform. Mrs Swift tells her daughter
  that Karl Davidoff thinks that a more youthful appearance will fetch a higher
  price. Slave Celeste puts on the tight translucent white shirt and the green
  plaid kilt that barely covers her ass. Her costume is completed with white
  knee socks and white tennis shoes. Of course she wears no underwear.  
Her mother admires Celeste, whose breasts and swollen nipples are quite visible
  under her shirt. "My dear," she says. "The time has come to take you to the
  chamber and prepare you to greet the guests. She leads her out of the mansion
  and to the gazebo entrance where they descend a flight of stone steps to the
  of the chamber. She is led to the center of the room where the small stage
  is located. Workers, who are Facilitators from Thanatos Manor, flown in for
  the auction, are setting up a plasma television similar to the one in the mansion.
  The audience will be able to look at the screen at the same time as they watch
  what is happening on stage. Mrs Swift orders her daughter to kneel on the floor
  beside the end of the last row of spectators' seats. She is to greet each guest
  individually. Celeste kneels for half an hour as the final arrangements are
  completed.  
It appears that the guests have been gathering in the Mansion because at
  one o'clock, they all proceed together into the chamber. There are only six
  men. They stand before the kneeling slave, admiring her body in the tight fitting
  school uniform. With a sinking heart, Celeste recognizes four of the men. One
  is Abdul Abdullah, the forty-year-old dissolute son of an oil sheik whose behavior
  has been so reprehensible that his own father banished him from their country.
  He now lives on a large estate in southern California with a harem of unfortunate
  girls and women. The second man is Pierre Grondilus. Normally, he is based
  in Belgium but the recent discovery of a society of child molesters and murderers
  has made it a bit too hot for him to stay, so he is currently living on his
  private island in the Caribbean. Aside from a taste for young girls, Grondilus
  is famous for his penchant for amputating the limbs of his sex slaves, thereby
  rendering them completely helpless. The third man is John Clavicum, a director
  of Thanatos snuff films. The fourth man is Stephan von Potive, father of her
  Master's fianc&eacute;e. The other two men are strangers. Each man in turn
  stops in front of Celeste who remains kneeling. She unzips their flies and
  pulls out their cocks. She then says, "You honor me with your presence", and
  proceed to lick the bottom of each cock shaft before sucking it into her mouth.
  This ceremonial greeting is brief and the men know not to cum in her mouth.
  They seat themselves on their chairs and her father calls for Celeste to join
  him on the small stage. She does as ordered and sits on a leather couch beside
  her Master. Her legs are spread and she knows that the men in the audience
  have a perfect view of her naked pussy. Mr Swift stands and addresses the men
  who make up the small audience. "Before, we start, I thought it might be of
  some benefit for you gentlemen to learn a little bit about Slut Celeste's background
  and experience. The best way to do this is by emulating that old television
  show "This is Your Life". Although she wasn't born when that show was popular,
  Celeste is familiar with its premise. A person is brought on stage and the
  Master of Ceremonies reviews the person's life by introducing him or her to
  people from their past. Her father says, "Without further ado. Let the show
  begin. Cunt Celeste, do you recognize this voice from the your youth?"  
Celeste sits quietly until she hear a woman say, "Celeste, you little bitch,
  if you don't start eating that, I'll flay the skin off your ass." Fear engulfs
  the slave. She trembles when out of the darkness appears Ms Drummond, one of
  her teachers at the Thanatos Academy of Sexual Slavery. Celeste's mind is flooded
  with memories of this sadistic woman whose specialty was teaching her students
  to accommodate the scatological demands of some of the more perverse members
  of the Thanatos Society. Ms Drummond is older but her steely gray eyes still
  seem to burn into Celeste's very soul. As she comes onto the stage, the large
  screen flickers to life. On it is an image of Celeste when she was only fifteen
  years of age. It is her second year at the Academy. She and two other girls
  are sitting naked at a table set with the finest silver and china. The camera
  dips under the table to show that each girl's ankle is strapped to the front
  leg of her chair. A red dildo has been shoved into her cunt. Long insulated
  wires spiral down from the end of each dildo to two car batteries that sit
  on the floor under the table. The girls are staring with saucer like eyes at
  the meal set before them. On a large platter are asparagus tips, a baked potato
  adorned with sour cream and chives and a large, steaming human turd.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.. To be
  continued.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





