BDSM Library - Prisoner of Submisson




Prisoner of Submisson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A business woman and soccer mom falls under the dominating spell of a co-worker and descends into decadency.Monday Before 

The alarm went off so I could hear the faint words of the morning rush hour report from the helicopter above the beltway.  I didn&rsquo;t pay attention to it and just stretched under the covers.  My lithe 5&rsquo; 3&rdquo; frame grew tense as I was fully extended and my thighs were pulled together.  I felt a tingle between my legs and I held my body still to let that sweet feeling penetrate further into me.  I only weigh 90 pounds so I am almost all bones however I do have a very feminine shape still and not one like a board as most women my build are cursed with.   My hands came palms together and moved down in front of me so that they could press against my warm triangle.  The soft silky fabric of my knee length nightshirt made it easy to press with force while I rubbed the outer sides of my hands through the front of my very tingly groin.  The one nice thing about being so slim was my bones act to help press my sex hard.  I could feel the erectness of my nipples pressing against the sheets.  My breasts are quite small being no more than an A cup with quarter sized dull pinkish areoles with a half inch thin stubby nipples that are very sensitive when erect as they are now.  My breasts are nicely full in shape and still maintain their firmness it&rsquo;s just that they are small in size so if I wore too loose fitting clothes I would look flat-chest-ed!  I felt delicious warmth spread through my upper thighs and I relaxed and stretched again so I could push against my slit again.  It felt so good.   

My husband who is 10 years older than me was still sleeping.  I hunched my shoulders together while lying on my left side facing away from him so I could press against the sides of my breasts.  The nipples on my breasts got even more rigid and I pushed out my chest some to let them rub against the nightie as the sheet gave resistance to my body.  Just then I thought of her almost right where I remembered from last night before I went to sleep.  Dressed in black leather pants and jacket with her long luxurious full reddish tinged brown hair laying over her shoulders and framing her sensual Mediterranean facial features, she represented a healthy ideal of beauty.  Her shape was sexy yet not overly full but a bit sleeker than what American men would want.  The olive skin was not too dark so the redness of her full lips looked so enticing in contrast.  I felt her lean closer and put her left arm around my waist and pull me inward so her amply pointed breasts flatten against me but only some as they are quite firm still.  Her right hand went my behind my head and I could feel her fingers weave their way through my golden blonde hair.  My hair is one of the things I really like about myself as it is not too thin so it has substance.  The color is a nice shiny one that looks so natural after coloring to what it was before I had my two children.  I keep it short to just below the top of my neck and parted a bit off the middle.  It is straight with a slight wave so it curves under and also ovals my face.  I can feel her fingers slide through my hair as I just stare at her closed glistening lips.  She pulls my head closer to hers so I see the lips begin to fill my whole field of view.  They open very slowly and her smooth pointy pink tongue begins to come out.  As my lips touch hers her tongue shoots inside my mouth and her hand pushes my face into hers.  I can feel the roughness of her kiss as she makes use of my mouth.  Her left leather clad thigh pushes my legs apart as her arm tightens about my slender waist.  They spread willingly.  I feel a spider-web of pleasure spread throughout my body starting from my pussy.  My mouth sucks inward as I imagine her tongue filling it and kind of assaulting it.  This thought makes me gasp although very quietly.  My husband now starts to stir.   

I move my hands away from my sex and move to get out of bed.  I get up and get my house robe and go into the bathroom.  I close the door before turning on the light so as not to wake him so suddenly.  I go over to the toilet and lift my nightshirt and sit down.  I spread my legs about a foot apart and run the index finger of my right hand through my wet slit.  I shudder at the touch.  The fingers of my left hand reach out and slightly squeeze my right breast.  I imagine her squeezing tightly with her fingers until they have my areole completely in their grasp and then twisting it.  I do as she might and I suck in my breath.  My index finger slides in my slit and I feel the warmy wetness inside.  It immediately extends to touch my erect clit.  Right then I hear my husband cough and I hurriedly take my finger out of my pussy and remove my hand from my slightly hurting right breast.  As I feel the pain receding I feel more wetness inside me.   

This has only been happening to me now for a few weeks ever since I came across that web site &lsquo;www.bdsmlibrary.com&rsquo;.   I had been daydreaming about being bound and used especially when taking a bath.  This is why I loved to travel at least once a month as I could take the longest baths and no one would disturb me.  On one of those trips I was surfing the web and decided to search for submission.  Back popped a wide range of sites with one of them being the &lsquo;library&rsquo;.  I started to read some of the current selections and quickly got interested in female-female interactions.  So interested in fact that my fingers could not stay out of my pussy that night!  I quickly pee and as I do I feel a wave of pleasure run through me.  This interesting phenomena itself just starting happening to me only two days ago and I discovered it by accident.  So now I try and hold off wanting to pee until I can get a bit horny just to capture that splendid feeling.  I get off the toilet and flush while readjusting my nightshirt.  I can feel the wetness all around my slit and even at the top of my thighs since I am not wearing panties.  That&rsquo;s another that&rsquo;s changed since I started exploring submissive stories, I now do not wear them ever to bed.  I go over to the sink to wash my hands and brush my teeth.  I look in the mirror and see my face.  Its angular structure is quite becoming when viewed fully.  The curves along the lower part help to accentuate my lips.  I imagine her wanting my lips to kiss her body.  My eyes are strikingly blue but in a very sexy and appealing way.  My profile is not as good as my face curves in slightly in the middle and since my nose is of that perfect female size and shape it is noticeable thus making it look like my chin thrusts out.  However my frontal view is very appealing I think.  I wonder how she would consider my looks.  I turn on the water to wash my hands.  I look again at my reflected face and imagine trying to look sexy for her.  I reach up with my right hand to brush away the hair from my right eye and catch a whiff of the musky odor from my index finger.  It has an alluring scent yet is repulsive at the same time.  I guess I am just not one for tasting a woman&rsquo;s pussy or my own for that matter.  Yet I imagine inhaling and kissing hers.   

I shudder with repulsion as my clit hardens and my thighs squeeze together to accentuate the pleasurable feeling.  I immediately look down at the sink and thrust my hands under the running water.  I take the soap and begin to scrub them hard with it trying to get the dried wetness off of me.   I hurriedly put on the house robe I had hung on the door keeping my head facing down so no one would see the redness throughout my face.   I take a moment to calm down to let the wave of pleasure filled shame wash over and leave me.  The feelings subside and then I open the door and step into the bedroom.  I go over to the other side of the bed and reach down and kiss my husband on his cheek whispering for him to get up.  

After having gone and turned on the children&rsquo;s room lights, notifying them to wake up, I went into the kitchen to make breakfast for my family.  As I was pouring cereal into a bowl I could feel my pelvis push forward and rub against the counter.  It felt so deliciously wicked.  I turned around to look to the doorway to see if anyone was coming in and while doing so pressed my pelvis harder against the rounded counter edge.  I stood up on my toes so my crotch was more centered in line with the middle of the edge.  The pulses of pleasure would ripple through the lower part of my pelvic region as I pressed.  I could hear approaching footsteps so sank back down on the soles of my feet and finished with the cereal.  I now put the bowl out on the table to complete the preparations and my 9 year old son came in.  After greeting him I then could hear my husband complete his shower and I went in to have one and my body began to stir in anticipation of my coming fantasy of perverted sex. 

I entered the bedroom and my husband was putting on his shirt.  He was a good sized man about 5&rsquo; 11&rdquo; in height and 190 or so in weight.    He was somewhat broader built so he did not look overweight.  I still enjoyed making love to him but my recent fantasies were resulting in much more intense orgasms.  There was just something so appealing in submitting to the whims of a beautiful woman like Karen.  He had a question about some errand I wanted him to do and I clarified it to him while I continued to go into the bathroom.  I just wanted to get in the shower and get a wonderful release.  We finished up our quick conversation and I went into the bathroom and closed the door. 

Now with some time to myself and privacy to boot I looked into the mirror again.  I struck a sexy pose and began to undress like I was performing for Karen.  When I pulled the nightshirt off I see the glistening of my trimmed light brown bush from the leaking wetness.  My nipples were very hard and stood out nicely against the mounded flesh of my breasts.  I ran my hands from my waist up my sides until they cupped both breasts.  They looked so beautiful now as they were very noticeable for when I am naked I do not look flat at all.  I turned sideways to get a profile view of my body and quickly noted how the curves of my breast looked so inviting.  My waist was very trim and my hips splayed out ever so nicely.  My cheeks were full but fit my overall size and shape.  I imagined her spanking my cheeks when I did something that displeased her.  The thought made me even hornier and I thought about just being bad so she would spank me.  That thought made me wonder about what I was doing but as that thought of reality started to intrude I heard my husband leave the bedroom and head for the kitchen.  Now was my time to play quickly.  I stepped into the shower and turned on the water making it very warm and steamy.  I then stepped under the spray and ran my hands down my sides feeling the warm water run over my nipples and down my abdomen.  I picked up the washcloth and got it very wet so I could make it soapy when used with the soap.  I then had bubbles of soap coming from the washcloth and now I started rubbing it over my breasts.  This made me hot and so I moved the washcloth down to my groin.  I left my other hand running over my soap covered breasts.  I started to pinch my nipples one at a time while the wash clothe moved between my legs and then into my slit.  I started to wash my pussy at the same time I was trying to excite myself by spreading my legs wider so I could press the cloth further inside.  I finally felt the clothe run up against my clit and then I started rutting furiously against it.  All the time my left hand had stopped on my right nipple and was twisting it back and forth.  I then started mumbling to myself &ldquo;I am Karen&rsquo;s slut&rdquo; over and over and I came.  I could feel wetness just expel from my pussy and make the cloth have more of a slimy feel.  It felt so wonderfully decadent to rub myself until I came.  I felt like an uncontrollable bitch in heat and it felt so electric to be that way.  This made the orgasms so much stronger and longer.  I could feel the pleasure dissipate through me as I held the cloth tightly against my now open pussy.  The cloth was pushed up partially inside with two of my fingers on my right hand. My fingers were clenching towards the front against my thumb which was on the outside of my lower abdomen.  Squeezing my pussy hard just made the intense pleasure last and so that was what I was doing leaning against the shower wall while the water cascaded down.  I thought of Karen holding my pussy in her hand with all of her fingers inside and the palm resting against the outer part.  Just thinking of her giving me a full hand squeeze was just so exquisite for I would be like her little bitch.  I finally gave a last shudder as the sweet strains of the orgasm finished.  I then finished washing up and turned off the shower feeling so refreshed.  I dried myself off taking a little extra time with my still hardened nipples and my sensitive slit.  It felt so good to run the towel against my pussy lips.  Once finished getting a little extra playtime I then opened the door and went to my dresser.  I took out a lacey white bra that had wire uplift support and a little padding.  My breasts were small but with the right bra they would look fuller.  I took a pair of white bikini cotton panties and pulled them over my hips so they were snug against my slit.  I put on a pair of white thigh highs to complete the effect.  I looked in the dress mirror and liked what was reflected.  I then put on a pair of dress blacks slacks and a Holiday sweater that was black with gold, green and red scenes stitched on the front.  The bra did the trick in still letting the pertness of my breasts to still create a compelling shape through the sweater.  I slipped on a pair of black leather shoes with a 2&rdquo; wide heel.  I was now up to the most important part, how to make myself look pretty and desirous for Karen.  Even though this was just a fantasy it made it so real if I acted it out some.  I put on a nice thick coat of striking red lipstick and then a nice pink blush.  I used blue mascara but not too much and then a small amount of eyeliner as I am a business manager at work.  I picked up a pair of quarter sized gold earrings and a gold choker chain and put those on.  I finished up with my wristwatch and took in the view.  To the average person I would be an attractive business woman and mom who acted her age and position.  To myself though I was a wanton bitch who needed to be made to come over and over again in the most vile and humiliating ways.   

Finishing up I went back to the kitchen and everyone was near done.  My daughter remarked on how nice I looked and my husband smiled at me.  I cleaned up the aftermath of the meal and then got my computer and purse and kissed everyone goodbye.  I leave for work first and then my husband will wait for the babysitter to arrive before he leaves.  The children had the week off from school in anticipation of the Holidays.  I went to the garage and got in my car.  Checked my looks once again in the rear view mirror and then drove off to work.  Today would be a special day in that we were having a Pot Luck Lunch at work and so I would get a chance to chat some with Karen.  I wonder what she would be wearing today. 

* * * * * 

Finally the lunch was to occur.  I had been thinking about it all morning and being with Karen.  Even though she would not know what I was thinking about us it was still so electric for me.  Being so close I could smell her and every once and a while be able to imagine kissing her and being kissed in return.  It was always best when I could look at her lips without her seeing me as it made it so real.  I went to the conference room where we were having it and noticed she was not there yet.  I chatted with co-workers and some of my reports while I got a plate of holiday fare.  I sat down in a chair that was against one of the walls to eat my lunch.  I had purposely picked a chair that was empty on either side.  A friend came in and saw me and came over.  Smiling they asked if I was sitting along and I said yes so they left their purse on one of the open chairs and went for some food.  I looked down at me meal again and took a bit of ham in my fork.  As I moved the fork up to my mouth and opened it to take it inside I saw Karen.  She was looking right at me and then she smiled when our eyes met.  I felt so embarrassed her seeing me with my mouth wide open.  I closed my mouth and then smiled in return knowing that I was blushing somewhat but at least my complexion, and the blush, hide it away somewhat.  I looked down again at my plate and continued to eat.  I saw a pair of black shiny pumps down on the floor and up.  Above the spiked heels was a pair of black slacks followed by a velvet red jacket wrapping a silk light red blouse.  I could see the bouncy and wavy brown hair resting on the shoulders of the jacket.  Then I saw Karen&rsquo;s lips and face.  I could not help but stare at her lips and then her mouth smiled at me.  I looked at her eyes and she said &ldquo;Merry Christmas Sue, mind if I sit here?&rdquo;  I swallowed my food and said &ldquo;Oh please do Karen&rdquo; and with that she had already left to get some food herself.   

My friend came back with her food and another friend and they sat on my right.  A bit later Karen came over with her plate.  I could not help staring at her she just was so beautiful.  I imagined suckling her pointed breasts and her telling me how wondrous my sucking made her feel.  She smiled at me again and sat down on my left.  I did not know what to say and so continued eating but then Karen started up some small talk about Holiday shopping.  I was glad she took the lead as otherwise we would have been quiet as mice.  When we were done eating everyone sang a Carol together and we all clapped at the end.  Karen then turned to me and said &ldquo;I will see you tomorrow Sue as I have to go to a meeting at a customers this afternoon.&rdquo;  Karen was a Director in the sales organization and she was probably the best of the lot.  She then leaned forward and took my hands in hers and kissed me on the cheek for what seemed like forever and said &ldquo;Happy Holidays Sue as I may be out tomorrow.&rdquo;  I said the same in return but almost just mumbling it so it was a wonder she heard me.  She held onto my hands for a moment longer and I did not want her to release them.  Finally she let them go and she smiled one more time and left.   

I stood there for a moment or so not knowing what to do.  I could feel my bladder being full and so decided to go to the restroom.  I went in and no one was there at the moment so I picked the first open stall.  I pulled down my slacks and panties and sat down.  My index finger on my right hand traced down my slit until it parted it and then sank into my pussy until halfway in.  I could feel my hips thrusting forward on my finger.  I wanted it so much to be Karen&rsquo;s finger with her long nails.  Her nail could nudge my clit just like so and when I did that I came abruptly and a raspy moan escaped me.  Just then I noticed someone had come into the restroom and walked by my stall.  I did not see them and they went into the end stall two away from me.  I wondered if they heard me.  I felt so ashamed and as I did my finger starting rubbing more.  I quickly withdrew it like it was on fire.  What a nympho I was becoming.  My pussy was now leaking liquid out and I wanted to come again but knew I could not.  I swiftly dressed and flushed leaving the stall.  I washed up as fast I could because I did not want the person to see me.  I then made sure I looked ok in the mirror and looked back at the occupied stall to make sure they were not leaving and then walked out.  As I was starting to walk out I heard a flush from that stall and the door open.  I hurried out the door not realizing that it was Karen.  
Tuesday Before 

Ah the sound of the traffic helicopter in the morning.  The alarm had gone off and I got up and out of bed.  I went into the bathroom, brushed my teeth and put on my robe.  Last night I wore a school t-shirt sized for my husband.  When finished I went around to my husband&rsquo;s side of the bed and kissed him on the cheek telling him it was time to rise.  I then went and got the children up and when finished proceeded to the kitchen to ready breakfast.  As I was walking down the hall to the kitchen I could feel pressure from my bladder wanting me to pee but I had other ideas today.  Thinking of what I wanted to do made me feel warm inside and fantasizing about Karen watching me just enabled the wetness to come inside.   

With the thought of Karen came a feeling of contentment but also a slight worry about yesterday late in the afternoon.  I had gone to the ladies room and when I returned I found a Christmas present and card on my chair.  The present was wrapped in gold patterned paper with a gold sparkly ribbon.  Its small rectangular shape nearly overwhelmed by the bow itself.  The card was in a plain white envelope that had &lsquo;Sexy Sue&rsquo; written across the front.  I opened the card and it was Holiday humor card showing a office party with one female in her bikini underwear.  Inside the card said something about wishing good cheer and such to a co-worker and not to party too hard but what caught my eye was the request to have lunch together on Christmas Eve just below Karen&rsquo;s signature.  I let out a burst of air as I did not realize I was holding it in having read the request.  My vision wandered and I must have caught sight of the monitor for then I got worried Karen would see that I was chatting online for I had found a way to avoid the company IT folks from snooping.  I went over to the keyboard and was relieved to see that I had collapsed the window and even then when expanded it only showed the main chat entrance menu and not any particular chat room therein.   I felt so much better like a burden had been lifted for a moment.  I guess I was just really worried that she would see that I was chatting in the &lsquo;Married But Looking&rsquo; and &lsquo;Lesbian&rsquo; rooms.  However I had only gotten to the main page after visiting the Library, as I liked to think of it, to see if any new stories were available.   Karen was single but she knew I was married and I could not have rumors starting about me at work.   I did not think Karen traded in gossip but really did not want her to know for then she might find out I had these lesbian submissive fantasies that were becoming somewhat perverted.  No sign was visible that Karen had disturbed my PC and since nothing incriminating was showing now I felt so much better.   

I then picked up the present and shook it slightly to discern what was inside.  Nothing seemed to shift in weight so I opened it up.  Inside was a certificate for a free dinner at a very fashionable and secluded restaurant a few miles away.  I noticed it was good this year and all of next.  What a nice gift from Karen.  I definitely could use this with my husband who rarely was taking me out anymore without the children to inject some romance.  I also thought of taking Karen to dinner and seducing her using my fantasy-conjured submissive charms.  Thinking of her keyed the memory of the gift certificate to Netflix, the online blockbuster competitor, as I knew she liked very artsy types of movies which were normally never available at the local video rental stores.   The final comforting thought of both being equal gifts happened to leave me as I entered the kitchen.   

I got the breakfast ready as the rest of the family readied themselves for the day.  I did not rut myself against the counter today as it might make me want to pee right then and I was trying to hold it in for my shower.  I could feel the pressure increase while the sensations of wetness grew.  It felt so exhilarating together.  I then thought of yesterday afternoon after I had opened the presents.  I sat down at my computer and then entered the &lsquo;Married But Looking&rsquo; chat room as beachgal63.  There were a few people there with names I recognized but no one I had chatted with before extensively.  I had then moved over to &lsquo;Lesbians&rsquo; and a conversation was started up by Amy whom I met before.   

We did the normal chit-chat back and forth about the days events and then she just blurted out a question which threw me for a bit.  She asked if had ever had cybersex.  I answered I did not.  Previously I had told her I had bi-sexual experiences back in college even though I had not but she did not seem to have caught me in the lie.    She asked if I wanted to and I said yes but that I was at work.  She said that was not really a problem and asked where I was sitting and what access was there to it.  I told her I was in an office by myself and she thought that would work just fine and asked me to close the door which I did.  She then told me to join her in a private room which she called SEX and I did so.  This was my first time in a private room and I remarked on it to Amy who said no one else could see what we were typing to one another.  She then asked what I wearing and I told her.  She had me spend some time describing my lacey bra.  I had enjoyed that as she kept chatting about how beautiful she imagined me.  She had asked me to rub my fist in my crotch and I did so and if felt so wicked and good.  Right then I got a call and so I had to end the chat with Amy as it was a end of year billing question and it was going to take some time to explain to the accountant.   

I finished up the breakfast preparations and said Good Morning to each family member as they entered and then I went off to get my shower.  Now I just had to burst with pee as I had started to drink a cup of coffee when I started making breakfast.  Also I could feel a drop of wetness that had rolled down my thigh until reaching midway when I pulled my legs together which stopped it from rolling further but made my inner thighs wet over a larger area.  This made me shiver all over while warmness spread from my lower body.  I got to the bathroom and closed the door, quickly disrobing.   I pulled the nightshirt over my head and caught a glimpse of my naked form in the mirror.  I turned and looked closer being pleased by how I looked and thinking of myself as &lsquo;Sexy Sue&rsquo; as Karen called me.  I could see a glistening from one of my inner thighs and then thought of myself as &lsquo;Sexy Slutty Sue&rsquo; and smiled to myself while running the palms of my hands over my breasts and down to between my legs.  It felt so wonderful and full there.  I got in the shower and turned on the water and put one hand under the spray to feel the temperature.  The other hand went between my legs and I could feel a finger probing into my wet slit.  I moaned slightly as it went inside and I adjusted the water to make it hotter.  I then got under the shower and two fingers went inside.  I spread my legs slightly wide and pushed the two fingers up and down in my pussy.  My other hand clasped a breast and squeezed the nipple between my fingers.  I kept saying to myself &ldquo;Fuck me with your hand Karen, fuck your slut&rdquo; and this made me ram the fingers in faster and harder.  I felt like her bitch and I wanted to cum so badly.  The fingers kept pushing in and the knuckles of my hand were impacting my lower pelvic bone harder and harder.  I thought of her punching my pussy and that made me so hot that I started to cum and with that I peed.  The pee ran all over my hand and down my legs as my fingers kept fucking me.  I pinched as hard as I could my erect nipple and just kept thinking &lsquo;SLUT&rsquo; over and over.  I came with such passion that my legs were wobbly thereafter and I had to balance myself against the wall.  My fingers stayed embedded in my leaking pussy and the warmness of my pee was felt up and down my legs.  My body had spasms every so often as the waves of pleasure grew less intense.  They finally subsided and I realized what a slut I was and grew a little ashamed but I remembered the joy that came with it.  I finished my shower thoroughly washing my hands, legs and feet.   

Upon turning off the water I felt thoroughly refreshed.  I then towel dried off and then made sure my bush was nicely trimmed.  I went into the bedroom and took out the clothes for the day.  I had picked out a nice thickly knit mostly off-white sweater that was very form-fitting.  With that I would wear a pair of brushed denim dark brown jeans that fit me like a glove.  I had never worn these to work before but today would be a special day in that the Holidays were fast approaching so dress codes were relaxed somewhat.  The jeans were tight enough that it became noticeable that my thighs did not come together near the top and so there was a space from my crotch to down about mid-thigh.  I thought this gave me a very sexy look while also pressing against my crotch while I walked or sat a certain way.  Underneath I decided to wear thigh high white stockings with a bust enhancing bra with no padding.  Because the sweater is form fitting my breasts would be more than sufficient to give me that alluring look.  I decided not to wear panties today in order to let the jean seam in the crotch to rub up against my slit.  I wanted to be a naughty girl today.  I made myself up in a good business-like fashion so on the outside I would look very prim and proper.  This made it so much more exciting and my clit was already beginning to stir again.  I finished up and then said my goodbyes while grabbing my things to leave.  Getting in my car I thought of the fun I might have today and after starting the car, I put it in gear and drove away. 

* * * * *  On arriving at work I plugged my laptop into the base and proceeded to get organized at my desk.  Once I was able to log onto the company network and read my mail I then decided to see if anyone was on the chat site this early.  I sat forward in my chair and the jeans pulled into my slit as I thought earlier they might.  This felt so good that I pulled forward some more.  A feeling of pleasure started to forcibly emanate from my cunt.  Yes now I thought of it as my cunt and even more I would be a cunt for a beautiful woman like Karen in my fantasy.   I entered the &lsquo;Married But Looking&rsquo; and was immediately PM&rsquo;d by a man and so did not answer and put him on ignore.  I looked over the females and prettybibabe, a new name in the room.  I pulled up her profile and all it said was she was from Northern Virginia so somewhat close to me with my being in the Crofton, Maryland suburbs.  I wrote a quick hi to the room and some responded back including the newbie.  I thanked them all for responding and decided to strike up a chat with prettybibabe.  Our chat started out harmlessly enough and I found out she was new to this site and chatting.  We chatted on and on about nothing in particular although once and a while she would make some type of sexual innuendo.  She asked me for a description and I gave it but not as lewdly oriented as I felt and then I asked for hers.  She said she looked kind of average and was not that descriptive overall.  She then turned the conversation to bi sex and asked me if I had experience.  I said I did not and was just looking into it.  I really do not know why I told her the truth but she seemed very honest and real.  She said she liked domination and submission at times taking either role which she called a switch.  She went on to point out that one could find out more and even experiment some at a site called  www.bondage.com.
  We continued chatting some more but then she had to go to a meeting she said and left.  I left the chat service and visited the site she recommended.    I got to the site and then entered as a guest.  It really was overwhelming finding a site devoted to bondage, domination and submission.  I wandered through the features and decided to create an account as it did not seem to cost anything.  I named the account SexySue after Karen&rsquo;s card.  The number of questions asked about likes and dislikes was a bit intrusive so I did not fill it all the way out.  I did setup a new account on yahoo under the identity SexySue4U and established both a messenger and email account under that name and used them here for contact information.  I finally gained admission to the site and after verifying the email and messenger accounts I created a short profile just saying I was new to this and just looking around.  I did use my zip code so I would be able to easily find others in my area.     

I started searching for females within 50 miles of me that used this site recently and who were dominates just to satisfy my curiosity.   I found a few but some were way too big for me and too old or young.  I refined the search and a page full of names showed up in order of last appearance.  I started to read the profiles top to bottom and found them so fascinating.  Some had pictures of the Domme, as they are called, and they looked quite sexy and attractive.  I particularly liked one dark haired woman who had on a black corset and was holding a cat &rsquo;o &rsquo;9 tails.  She was a little fuller figured than I would like but her long wavy hair and perfect smile made me shiver with delight.  My right hand which was resting on my lap moved over to the top of my crotch and pressed down sending a rush of pleasure through me.  The seam was now firmly embedded in my slit so I could rub it up and down against the inner lips of my cunt.  I imagined her holding the cat and threatening to lash me with it if I didn&rsquo;t rub harder and make myself cum.  On imagining that scene, I just abruptly came while pressing against my cunt.  I shook for a moment and was dumbfounded that it occurred so quickly this time.  I quickly looked out my office door but no one was there so no one saw me be such a slut.  I could feel a sticky wetness on the inside of my pants rubbing against me.  My gaze went down to my crotch to make sure nothing showed through and I was relieved that it nothing did.  I could tell my face was flushed and nipples felt very sensitive.  I decided to stop looking at the profiles even though there were a few more with pictures and a number with none that I had not read at all.  I then logged off the site and went to the restroom to clean up some. 

I entered the ladies room and noticed no one was there and so took the end empty stall against the wall.  This way someone would not walk in front of me most likely as I did not want the same thing to occur that happened yesterday.  I pulled down my jeans and sat on the seat.  I reached down with my right hand and put two then three fingers inside of my wet cunt.  They moved in easily and I started fucking myself.  My other hand reached up under my sweater and started feelings my breasts through the bra.  I could feel another orgasm coming on and I thought again of that woman lashing my ass with the cat and her calling me her cunt slut.  I just felt so electric and I was humping my hand now and came.  As I came my thighs squeezed my hand in place as if I wanted to suck it inside.  It was so delightful.  I felt so good after yet so wicked and naughty being a slut for a Domme, even a fantasy one.  I finished up and then got cleaned up and went back to work.   

A few hours later I decided to try out my new email account again found I had a message waiting.  It was from the bondage site and said I had a new email waiting at the site for me from another person.  I went to the site and logged it and found the message.  It was from a MsK and the subject was just Hello.  I looked at MsK&rsquo;s profile and it said she was a Domme from New York.  Her description was very similar to Karen&rsquo;s and this made me rush through reading it to see how much more matched my desire.  There was not much else there other than she was also married and wanted discretion.  This would suite me well also.  I then opened the message to read it.  It read as follows: 

&ldquo;My dear sexysue, 

I was very intrigued by your profile and you do seem to be very sexy!  Your description is just what I have been looking for and I think you will make a very beautiful submissive.  I see that you are very new to this and so thus maybe are desiring of training.  I am also looking for a discrete encounter and maybe we can chat some and see where it leads.  I will await your response. 

MsK&rdquo; 

The note just floored me for a moment.  Here was a beautiful Domme who would train me without fear of anyone really knowing what I was doing.  I was still somewhat filled with trepidation of what the future may hold once I released my inner self from its bottle.  My hands were now shaking for this would be a big step but then I considered I could just call it all off if I wanted with no one the wiser.  I decided right then to respond.  I wrote back the following in reply: 

&ldquo;MsK, 

Thank you so much for writing me.  I would like to chat with you and see where it leads.  Besides my account here I have a yahoo account named SexySue4U for mail and chatting.  Until later.  Sexy Sue&rdquo; 

I then started reading her profile in more detail.  In reading the activities she liked I became somewhat overwhelmed as she was very interested in spanking, lashing, caning and whipping.  I wondered what they would feel like for real.  I thought of being tied down and lashed across my breasts.  This thought made me wince but also got me warm and wet inside.  Right then I came to a decision that I would see where this would lead me. 

About an hour later lunchtime started.  I brought up my messenger account and there was a waiting confirmation for me to add MistressK to my contact list.  The request just said MsK so I knew who it was.  I thought about it a moment and then decided to proceed ahead and added her.  She was not online at the moment thankfully as I do not know what I would do or say.  Right then a window appeared announcing I had an email in my yahoo account.  I activated the software to read it.  The message was from MsK and she wrote she was glad I agreed to chat with her.  She noted that I was new so she would take her time and not rush things.  She ended by stating that I should address her as Mistress from now on as this was part of the training and that we should be chatting shortly.  Just thinking of me calling her Mistress made me groan with anticipatory pleasure.  I started rubbing my cunt again through my jeans and this made me hot.  I logged off the site and went right then to the ladies room as I knew what I needed and I wanted it so badly. 

Having played with my pussy again I felt relaxed and so continued doing work for most of the rest of the day.  Near the end of the day I activated messenger and as it came up I noticed that Mistress was not online.  I left it open and running and started to check my email.  Just as I had entered the program a chat window appeared on my screen giving a Hello from Mistress who was online now.  I just stared at it.  After what seemed like a while another &lsquo;Hello&rsquo; appeared with a question mark after it.  I then typed in &lsquo;Hi&rsquo; in response.  I received back a &lsquo;Hi Mistress! sue!&rsquo;  I typed &lsquo;Hi Mistress&rsquo; in response and my hands were noticeably shaking.  My throat was now dry and I stared at the screen awaiting her words. 

The next words that appeared shook me out me out of my catatonic like state.   

&lsquo;Thank you sue, and how are you?&rsquo; 

&lsquo;Fine Mistress&rsquo; was my reply. 

She then asked me to describe myself in more detail which I did including what I was wearing, and not wearing, today.  She queried me about the lack of panties but I put it as it was more relaxing and sexual to dress that way.  When she finished having me describe my outer form then she quickly did the same for herself.  The description did come very close to matching Karen so this would be quite enjoyable I thought.  She asked where I was at and I described my office to her.  She then spent a bit of time chatting about the need for discretion which made me feel at ease.  Mistress finally asked me why she should let me serve her.  I was initially puzzled on how to respond but then it seemed to come to me and I wrote &lsquo;because I will please you Mistress.&rsquo;  She then asked &lsquo;in everything sue?&rsquo; and I responded affirmatively not really sure what all I might be agreeing to do but at the time I was just so overcome with lustful desire thinking of pleasing Mistress Karen.   

&lsquo;How many times have you cum today sue?&rsquo;  I did not know what to answer.  The question was so forthright that I knew I could not blow her off.   I had to have an answer and I thought of all the times so far and the count was 3.  To make matters worse one was while pissing on myself.  I answered &lsquo;Once Mistress.&rsquo;  She then asked me when and where and I told her during my shower while having a fantasy about kissing and pleasing a beautiful dominating woman.   

&lsquo;Will you please Me now sue?&rsquo; appeared on the screen.  I typed &lsquo;Yes Mistress&rsquo; to be followed by a request for me to find a marker which I did puzzling why.  She then asked me to go the ladies room and put the marker in my pussy and come back.  I was shocked and immediately afraid.  I did not respond and was rewarded with the following question &lsquo;did sue understand Mistress Yes or No?&rsquo;  I typed &lsquo;Yes&rsquo; in response to be followed by &lsquo;Well are you going to fulfill My request?&rsquo;  I typed &lsquo;Yes Mistress&rdquo; which was immediately met by &lsquo;Go cunt!&rsquo; and then the MsK went off line.  

On reading that last message I felt my legs turn to jelly and was not sure if I could stand.  My right hand wrapped around the marker and it began to tremble.   As I sat there thinking of what I should do I could feel my pussy begin to seep with warmth and my body moved forward of its own accord so the seam would run into my slit.  A slight gasp escaped me.  My body flushed all over with my nipples starting to become erect.  I was becoming a prisoner of my body, of my submissiveness.  I got up and went to the ladies room and breathed a sigh of relief that it was empty.  I went in the last stall and pulled down my jeans.  My slit was leaking wetness again.   I squatted over the seat and took the marker in hand.  I took some toilet paper and cleaned it off some and then put it up against my slit.  I trembled in anticipation and I could feel wetness now leaking out of my cunt.  I pushed the marker slowly inside feeling like such a slut.  I finally got it all inserted and then pulled up my jeans.  I left the stall and it felt so shockingly pleasurable to walk around with the marker inside.  My pussy was now leaking as I could feel it on my upper thigh.  The tightness of the jean kept the marker lodged except it kept moving it around which then hit against my clitoris off and on.  I had to stop a moment to get my composure.  After getting my body under control I went back to my office.  As I was walking back I felt mortified thinking anyone looking could see the marker pushing down against the jean material in my crotch.  However, luckily no one was walking around at the time, so I made it back to my office and typed a message to her saying I was back and done.  I sat there and waited and could feel the marker really pressing inside me in an uncomfortable way but this made me even hotter so that I started slowly rocking on the chair so the marker would rub.  A couple minutes later her icon went online and a message appeared stating &lsquo;Very good sue.&rsquo;  I felt a wave of relief and pleasure spread through me.  The next message though took me a bit by surprise as it read &lsquo;Is My slut&rsquo;s cunt leaking?&rsquo;  I responded &lsquo;Yes Mistress&rsquo; and started trembling again.  She then told me how beautiful a slut I was and gorgeous I probably looked in my distress.   I had to agree I was in distress.  We then chatted back and forth for a long while as she wanted to know how I came to this lifestyle.  I told her the truth mostly but stayed away from the lurid parts as I knew what she would think.  She would see me as a perverted and filthy slut and not worthy of her attention.  It was just so embarrassing what I was now doing to myself yet I wanted more of it.  Finally after almost an hour of chatting she said we were done for the day and for me to take the marker out of my cunt.  She wanted to know if I tasted myself since I told her I did not have a real bi-sexual experience yet.  I told her I had not and did not desire to at all as it had no appeal whatsoever.  She said that would change soon enough and we would chat again tomorrow.  With that she went offline.   

I sat there for a moment thinking about what she said.  I told myself I would never do that.  I decided then to think about that another time and instead go to the bathroom.  I went in and there was another woman there but she did not look at me which was good since the marker was still pressing outward in such a disgusting display.  I went into the end stall and pulled down my jeans.  She left the room and now it was empty.  With that I then held the end of the marker and started fucking myself with it.  As I did this I rubbed the top of my slit with my other hand.  My pelvis was gyrating with the motion as I just wanted to cum thinking of Mistress.  I thought of her calling me her slut and I started to cum.  I kept very quiet while cuming with the marker.  I felt so exquisitely wonderful and thought maybe I might taste myself if she really wanted me to.  
Christmas Eve 
Well a Christmas Carol to wake me up today. &nbsp;I definitely missed the
  sound of that helicopter. &nbsp;I thought about yesterday and what I had done. &nbsp;My
  right arm immediately fell down in front of me and its hand skimmed along my
  abdomen constantly descending until a finger nudged my slit. &nbsp;It was warm
  to the touch and my pelvis pushed outward to let it sink further between the
  folds of sensitive skin. &nbsp;I found it hard to think of myself wanting this
  perverted pleasure but yet here I was playing with my wet pussy while romanticizing
  with a dominant female. &nbsp;My body wanted to cum now and my pelvis was slowly
  gyrating back and forth and my index finger had now found its way into my hole
  sinking ever deeper inside. &nbsp;I could hear the deep breathing of my husband
  so he was still deep asleep. &nbsp;Another finger found its way to my entrance
  and my legs spread further apart to allow it access. &nbsp;I now had two fingers
  inside me and my thighs were lewdly open. &nbsp;My hand moved up and down with
  my fingers roughly pressuring my clit. &nbsp;I thought of Mistress then wanting
  me to cum for her as she lays me over her knee and spanks me. &nbsp;The tips
  of my fingers dug into my clit and pain filled me as I came over and over it
  seemed. &nbsp;My body continues to spasm in ecstasy with the thought of my
  ass turning red from the repeated blows of her open hand. &nbsp;Just fantasizing
  her disciplining her bitch made my pelvis jerk in a fit of pleasure and release. &nbsp;I
  laid there contemplating the implications of what I was considering even in
  fun. &nbsp;
I finally removed my fingers from my pussy and closed my legs again. &nbsp;I
  swung my legs out of the bed and got up heading to the bathroom. &nbsp;As in
  other days I brushed my teeth but like yesterday I did not pee. &nbsp;I needed
  to save that pleasure for later during my shower. &nbsp;Finishing up I put
  on my robe over one of my many nightshirts and tried to nudge my husband awake
  followed by the children before attending to the kitchen chores. &nbsp;I made
  it to the kitchen without incident and proceeded to get the breakfast meal
  in place. &nbsp;As I began that chore it occurred to me that Karen would be
  back in the office today and I wondered what she would be wearing. &nbsp;
I completed the breakfast setup as each in turn began to arrive. &nbsp;My
  pussy was still slightly sore from my squeezing it so hard but the remembrance
  of the pain and pleasure mixed together made me hold me breath slightly in
  a happy reverie. &nbsp;Once having done the greetings of the day I went off
  to my shower and fantasy. &nbsp;I entered the bathroom and closed the door
  behind me. &nbsp;I removed my robe and nightshirt. &nbsp;My two hands went
  down to between my legs and they spread out to allow them unfettered access. &nbsp;I
  was watching myself in the mirror. &nbsp;I looked so sexy standing there as
  my fingers entered through my slit. &nbsp;I was already wet inside and began
  to think of myself as Slut Sue and this had the effect of my fingers ramming
  deeper into my open hole. &nbsp;&nbsp;I so wanted to cum right then and my
  body yearned for the release. &nbsp;My eye then caught sight of an object on
  the counter and I stopped what I was doing and opened the bathroom door slightly. &nbsp;I
  listened for their sounds from the kitchen and was rewarded with the hearing
  each one of them in turn rather quickly. &nbsp;
I softly closed the door and turned sideways to the mirror over the sink. &nbsp;I
  picked up the brush and held my cheeks up and out with my legs spread. &nbsp;My
  left hand found its way over my hole and soon two fingers were inserted inside. &nbsp;I
  gasped in pleasure on their unencumbered entrance as I was so wet now. &nbsp;I
  held the brush with my right hand and then brought it down swiftly onto left
  cheek. &nbsp;I winced slightly but that was more in shock of the activity than
  in any resulting pain. &nbsp;I held my right hand out again and came down with
  the brush having much greater striking force. &nbsp;I heard the smack of the
  brush on my ass and my fingers pulled upwards while my body shook in excitement. &nbsp;I
  hit myself again and again coming ever closer to an intense orgasm but never
  quite there. &nbsp;I heard my husband from far away get up from the kitchen
  table. &nbsp;I immediately put down the brush and jumped in the shower while
  turning it on. &nbsp;My cheeks felts sore as did my pussy from the rough play,
  but the feelings of delight sparkling throughout me, more than overwhelmed
  their receding pains. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The water got to an acceptable temperature
  and I got underneath it. &nbsp;At that moment my husband entered the washroom
  area and so I resigned myself to getting a good scrubbing. &nbsp;
* * * * * 
I arrived at work at the usual time just before 7. &nbsp;Today I was wearing
  a very attractive ensemble that helped enhance what I thought of as my girl
  next door image. &nbsp;I had a white stretch cotton long sleeve turtleneck
  sweater and a black and white pattern-ed wool skirt. &nbsp;The skirt was quite
  form-fitting and came to just above the knee. &nbsp;I wore a black leather
  belt about an inch wide with a gold buckle. &nbsp;Under the top I had on a
  standard white crossing bra which helped in this case to enhance my form. &nbsp;I
  was wearing opaque white pantyhose and white hip-hugging panties since when
  I wore this outfit I inevitably gave a show to the male office workers and
  so this way they would not get a free peek of anything more than my hose. &nbsp;I
  did not use so much blush-makeup today yet the arches of my cheeks still were
  prominent yet in a very attractive way. &nbsp;My eyes were set back some but
  not too far thus portraying both a sense of mystery and innocence. &nbsp;I
  had on gold earrings that were thin and long in appearance. &nbsp;I had a black
  leather banded gold watch upon my wrist and my wedding ring on my finger. &nbsp;
To compliment the outfit I had a small black over the shoulder leather bag
  and black leather slip-ons with an inch and a half heel. &nbsp;It did give
  an appearance of a school girl look but then I was relegated to buying clothes
  in the juniors department and this was the most business-like I could do at
  times. &nbsp;The top clung to my form so the shape of my breasts stood out
  nicely against the white fabric. &nbsp;I rushed to plug in my laptop so I could
  see if anyone wanted to contact me. &nbsp;Once completed the startup procedure
  I accessed my yahoo email account first as I did not want to be overwhelmed
  just yet by an online encounter with MsK or anyone else. &nbsp;I had a couple
  messages from the personals site and so I went there to read them. &nbsp;The
  first was from a man and so I deleted it immediately. &nbsp;I opened the next
  message and it was from a 38 year old woman from the city. &nbsp;A picture
  was available and it showed her full black wavy hair with a slightly larger
  than desired body. &nbsp;Yet she was well-apportioned in all the right places
  and the black lacey corset she was wearing made her look so beautiful and mysterious. &nbsp;Her
  call-sign was Madame Midnight' which gave so many interesting connotations. &nbsp;
Her note just stated that if I was interested in exploring my desires that
  I should write her. &nbsp;I looked at the picture again and thought of her
  having her way with me. &nbsp;&nbsp;It made me shiver slightly with excitement. &nbsp;The
  fantasy of this was just so wonderful I thought to myself. &nbsp;I decided
  to not delete that message and think on it some more. &nbsp;I then started
  up my messenger account and found MsK online. &nbsp;I did not know what to
  type to her so I just waited. &nbsp;&nbsp;After a couple of minutes a message
  window appeared containing Good Morning sue .' &nbsp;I typed Good Morning
  Mistress' in return and was rewarded with a Very good sue.' &nbsp;I became
  mesmerized with the message box awaiting her words. &nbsp;We then chatted about
  any last minute shopping needs either of us might have and then she wanted
  to know what I was wearing. &nbsp;I wrote back in detail about my outfit and
  hoped she would not find it unattractive. &nbsp;She wrote back that she was
  very pleased with most of my choices in clothes but would need me to change
  one thing. &nbsp;I got immediately worried for I did not know what she would
  say. &nbsp;However it was not as disastrous as I thought it might have been
  as all she desired was for me to put on thigh high stockings, or use a garter,
  in place of the panty hose. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I did not feel bad about that
  at all and said I was sorry. &nbsp;In fact I noted I would make sure it does
  not happen in the future. &nbsp;She said she was quite pleased with me and
  then asked me how many times I had cum so far today. &nbsp;I thought for a
  moment and realized I had only cum once today before I got out of bed this
  morning. &nbsp;I wrote that back in response. &nbsp;She then wanted to know
  what I thought about when I had cum this morning. &nbsp;I did not know what
  to write back as I really could not tell her the truth. &nbsp;I sat there in
  indecision and finally was brutally awoken by a message from her stating Well?' &nbsp;I
  just could not come up with a story that I might lie about. &nbsp;Finally the
  next thing appearing decided it for me as it was NOW bitch!' &nbsp;
I wrote back in response that I had thought of being over Mistress's knee
  while playing with myself and her telling me to cum while spanking me with
  her hand. &nbsp;After a moment appeared How delightful sue you are so precious.' &nbsp;I
  immediately felt so relieved and accepted. &nbsp;This latter feeling had the
  effect of enhancing my romantic desires for my Mistress. &nbsp;She probed some
  about my feelings in the fantasy and then finally asked me if I had played
  with myself today and if I was doing it now. &nbsp;I said I was not now but
  had earlier in addition to the time I had cum. &nbsp;She wanted to know more
  about that and I explained about experimenting with the brush. &nbsp;She commended
  me on my initiative and said I probably looked so enchanting. &nbsp;I just
  melted reading her words to me. &nbsp;She said she would like to chat with
  me some more, later in the day, and I said I would be at work until closing
  at 4. &nbsp;She then said that would work and made a date for us at 2 but said
  I would have to correct the one problem before we would chat again and do one
  other task. &nbsp;I asked what the problem was and she said the panty hose. &nbsp;I
  thought and could not think of what to do as I did not expect that answer. &nbsp;&nbsp;She
  continued in lieu of my silence to say I could go to the nearest mall at lunch
  and buy a pair of the same type of hose except in thigh highs and then change
  into them. &nbsp;&nbsp;I still did not respond and she then wrote after a short
  delay Understand bitch!' &nbsp;I then typed Yes Mistress.' &nbsp;She then
  typed that I also needed to do one more task after getting the right hose and
  putting them on. &nbsp;This task was for me to come up with a way to prove
  that I was a woman to her. &nbsp;I asked some questions towards clarifying
  what would be acceptable and then when she had answered all my queries said
  goodbye. &nbsp;
The morning passed by with much of it chatting in the halls with co-workers. &nbsp;As
  lunchtime got closer I became a bit apprehensive about the shopping task and
  also put off by having to brave the mall. &nbsp;However the orgasms I was now
  having were just so intense and electric and I could no longer live without
  them. &nbsp;As the period for lunch arrived I grabbed my bag and pulled out
  my car keys while walking to my parked car. &nbsp;While getting out on the
  road and driving towards the mall I daydreamed about her having me raise my
  skirt so she could inspect that the thigh highs were on just like I was a young
  schoolgirl. &nbsp;I could feel the warmth begin to grow in my groin. &nbsp;Too
  bad there were other large vehicles around my mini-van otherwise I would have
  slipped a hand under my skirt. &nbsp;Just thinking of playing with myself in
  public with no one knowing was making me very hot and my thighs were grinding
  together. &nbsp;I finally arrived at the mall and had to spend a few minutes
  finding parking. &nbsp;&nbsp;Once having parked I walked to the center entrance. &nbsp;My
  dark suede jacket kept me warm until I could enter the building. 
Once inside I found the festive mood exhilarating which helped in keeping
  my unease about the task under control. &nbsp;I had these strange feelings
  that others knew what my task was and so extra eyes were upon me. &nbsp;This
  had the ill-timed effect of making me wetter. &nbsp;I decided to get my task
  done quickly. &nbsp;I made my way to one of the anchor stores and found a match
  for what I was wearing except as thigh highs. &nbsp;I paid for with cash and
  then proceeded back to my car. &nbsp;Once I got there and was back inside I
  noticed no parking space searchers had seen me so I would have some immediate
  privacy. &nbsp;I looked around the immediate vicinity of the minivan. &nbsp;The
  exterior windows were sun-screened so I could not easily be seen except through
  the front windshield and here I was facing away from the traffic paths. &nbsp;I
  opened the store package and took out the new hose. &nbsp;I reached under my
  skirt and took the panty hose off. &nbsp;I pushed my shoes to the side. &nbsp;Once
  they were off I took each separate hose in turn and pulled it up around my
  thigh. &nbsp;I then put the panty hose into my glove compartment. &nbsp;My
  fingers slide under skirt and one started to rub against the crotch of my panties
  finding the right fold to press on. &nbsp;I had to stop this though as a car
  noticed me and was heading my way. &nbsp;I started the van and headed back
  to work. &nbsp;
* * * * * 
I had been back at work for a while now. &nbsp;The cool breeze on my upper
  thighs made me shiver at times with delight. &nbsp;I had to be careful when
  make co-workers came into my office to wish happy holidays as they might see
  my exposed thighs and get ideas. &nbsp;It was now two o'clock and I had messenger
  up and running. &nbsp;MsK's icon went to bright yellow showing she was online. &nbsp;I
  had completed a voice recording on the computer earlier as the way to show
  I was a woman. &nbsp;She greeted me and asked if I had complied with her wishes
  and I responded yes that I had complied with both. &nbsp;I felt myself getting
  damp. &nbsp;She asked me how I liked the thigh highs and I said I enjoyed them
  as they made me feel very sexy and aroused. &nbsp;She thanked me for my openness
  and then asked me what I had done to show her I was a woman. &nbsp;I replied
  that I had recorded my voice to a computer file and that it should work per
  the earlier discussion. &nbsp;She noted she would be the judge of that and
  asked for the file which I then sent to her. &nbsp;She completed getting it
  and then while I waited for her response I played it again for myself. &nbsp;I
  heard myself quietly say Mistress this is sue and it is one thirty on Christmas
  Eve I am wearing the thigh highs as you wished like your little slave girl. &nbsp;
A moment after it completed playing a message window appeared with the words Very
  good slut.' &nbsp;My independent will eroded on reading those words. &nbsp;I
  would do whatever she wanted now. &nbsp;She asked me if I knew what a slave
  really was and I said I did but when she queried me further I found I did not. &nbsp;She
  pointed out that she would observe no limits and once I understood that I said
  I could not and I was sorry and misunderstood. &nbsp;She kindly noted she expected
  so and that is why she brought it up to make sure. &nbsp;I thought for a moment
  she was going to leave me but then she asked if I would be willing to be her
  slut instead of her slave for the former did not require limitless agreement. &nbsp;I
  quickly responded I would as my dampness turned to wetness and I could feel
  an even cooler breeze on the skin against the crotch of my panties. &nbsp;&nbsp;She
  then asked me to take a marker and reward myself by using it as a dildo in
  the restroom. &nbsp;I said I would and went off. &nbsp;
Once inside the restroom I noted that no one was there at the moment. &nbsp;I
  took the end stall, now I should call it Slut sue's stall', and pulled my
  skirt up while straddling the bowl. &nbsp;I took the marker in my right hand
  and while my left held my skirt up I pushed it inside of my waiting cunt . &nbsp;I
  lost control of myself and just kept plunging the marker into my pussy saying
  very quietly Yes Mistress over and over until I came and then I ended with Thank
  You Mistress a couple of times. &nbsp;I straightened up and put my panties
  back in place. &nbsp;I then cleaned my hands and went back to my office. &nbsp;As
  soon as I was sitting down in came Karen. &nbsp;She came right over to me and
  prevented me from rising asked how I was in a very cheerful m ann er. &nbsp;I
  was at a loss for words and she just kept on chatting away. &nbsp;&nbsp;Finally
  I was able to respond coherently and we chatted about the upcoming holidays
  and family plans. &nbsp;I was going to be mostly at home just doing day trips
  and she was to be in Aspen skiing. &nbsp;I could not help catching myself looking
  at the base of her body and thinking about making love to it with my tongue. &nbsp;It
  was such a repulsive yet erotic thought. &nbsp;I thought once she moved so
  she could look up my skirt but I must have been imagining things. &nbsp;However
  my prudishness showed through and I pulled my legs together although the thought
  of her seeing my panties got me excited. &nbsp;She finally had to go and I
  was able to barely stand and we hugged. &nbsp;I felt her breasts push into
  mine and my body shivered with delight. &nbsp;I could feel a spot of wetness
  develop in my panties. &nbsp;I did not want to leave her grasp but finally
  she let go and so I followed. &nbsp;She and I then said one last goodbye and
  she left. 
After a moment savoring the thought of her holding me I then sat down and
  brought messenger back online. &nbsp;She was waiting for me. &nbsp;I typed Back
  Mistress.' &nbsp;I had to wait almost a minute for her reply. &nbsp;I was getting
  concerned. &nbsp;In reply came Was it good slut?' and I responded Yes Mistress
  I liked it.' &nbsp;&nbsp;My body ached with desire from having just felt Karen
  and that mixed with the remembered feelings from having cum earlier. &nbsp;I
  found I did like it and smiled. &nbsp;She asked me if I was going to be around
  for the holidays and I said yes. &nbsp;She said she would be too off and on
  and so I should be online every day to see if she had anything for me to do. &nbsp;I
  said I would. &nbsp;She said sluts needed to have their activities pl ann ed
  out otherwise they might make a spectacle of themselves. &nbsp;All I could
  do was reply Yes Mistress.' &nbsp;She then sent me a picture of her. &nbsp;I
  could not wait for it to arrive. &nbsp;It then arrived and I opened it immediately. &nbsp;I
  held my breath awaiting its view. &nbsp;Once it was completed I was taken in
  awe in her luscious beauty. &nbsp;She was wearing a very skimpy set of bra
  and panties. &nbsp;The picture just showed her from the lower part of her face
  to her upper thighs. &nbsp;I could clearly see her sexy smile. &nbsp;I could
  not make out her hair as it must have been pulled up out of view of the camera. &nbsp;She
  held a card in front of her that had the time and date as last evening. &nbsp;She
  was very sexy and I was overwhelmed with her beauty. &nbsp;I wrote back Thank
  You Mistress You are beautiful.' &nbsp;She responded Thank you sue' and my
  body shivered in delight at my good fortune in getting such an excellent Domme
  for my training. &nbsp;&nbsp;She then wrote for me to now follow one important
  rule and that is that she must grant authority for me to cum unless my husband
  initiates something on his own and that I was not to entice him. &nbsp;I could
  play with myself all that I wanted but could not cum unless allowed by her. &nbsp;I
  responded that I understood and agreed and then we parted for the day. &nbsp;I
  thought to myself how she resembled Karen to a degree but the picture was not
  complete so I could imagine her being Karen still. &nbsp;What a wonderful thought
  for the holidays. 
At that moment my phone rang and it was Karen. &nbsp;She said she was sorry
  to disturb me with business but her client needed some more technical sales
  information and could I travel with her to Chicago on Monday night the 5 th
  of January. &nbsp;I looked up my calendar and said I could, thinking of getting
  to spend the night with Karen, maybe even alone. &nbsp;Karen thanked me profusely
  and said she would take care of the reservations and maybe even get us a penthouse
  double suite with her hotel points. &nbsp;She said the client might want to
  go out for dinner that night and it would be a very formal place so I should
  bring a classy dinner outfit. &nbsp;The next day I would need a feminine jacket
  skirt affair. &nbsp;I told her not a problem and she said for me to have a
  great holiday and was gone. &nbsp;I almost came from just thinking about my
  fantasy almost coming to life. &nbsp;I then thought about how lucky I was to
  be able to indulge my fantasy without having to do it. 
Christmas Day 
Today the children brought me out of my slumber. &nbsp;Now would start the
  culmination of the Christmas ritual. &nbsp;I was wearing a red silk two piece
  nightie . &nbsp;It had proven useful in having my husband ravish me. &nbsp;I
  had not lured him in as I had promised to MsK , but I definitely used some
  leeway. &nbsp;The next few hours were now a blur of activity passed, and it
  was turning one in the afternoon with finally some time to myself to check
  my messages. 
I decided to bring up messenger first. &nbsp;On activation a message window
  appeared containing notes from MsK . &nbsp;The first note was for me to make
  sure her nickname appeared as Mistress K in my software. &nbsp;It took me a
  little bit of time to figure how to set this correctly. &nbsp;The next note
  was for me to describe what I was wearing today and to give her choices for
  me for tomorrow. &nbsp;In reading this I had to stop and reread it again. &nbsp;She
  was really going to try and control my life. &nbsp;I sat there frozen in the
  chair thinking if I had made a wise choice. &nbsp;I looked back at the screen
  and decided to read the rest of the notes first as there were two more. &nbsp;The
  next continued to ask questions with this one asking how, where and when have
  I cum since yesterday and would I like to cum now. &nbsp;I was not really sure
  if I wanted to cum right now as I kept returning to her controlling parts of
  my life. &nbsp;The last note helped me to decide though. &nbsp;She wrote that
  her thoughts were on a certain sexy slut named sue who has a very sultry and
  alluring voice followed by kisses and hugs from K. &nbsp;My heart just melted
  and both of my hands dropped to my lap and pressed down as I sucked in a breath. &nbsp;I
  wrote back about the nightie I had on right now and how I was going to change
  into tight blue jeans and a tight holiday sweater so I would look sexy for
  her. &nbsp;Underneath I would wear only a cross strap bra that had lacy edges
  and no panties. &nbsp;For shoes I would wear slip on leather loafers with a
  one inch broad heal. &nbsp;On jewelry my husband had bought me a gold necklace
  with sapphire pendant that created a nice contrast with my eyes so I would
  wear that with a pair of small gold hoop earrings. &nbsp;A small amount of
  pink blush with some bright red lipstick and a touch of blue mascara would
  complete my desired look. &nbsp;For tomorrow my choices were similar to today,
  a wool skirt and silk blouse, or a dress pair of slacks and a blouse or sweater. &nbsp;I
  then wrote about having sex last night with my husband and how I had cum. &nbsp;I
  finished with saying I would try and be online again before 6 tonight. &nbsp;I
  opened my mail that had been trying to notify me it was available. &nbsp;I
  had a message from another person on bondage.com but they were not my type. &nbsp;I
  thought it might be best to turn off my profile as I was just overwhelmed dealing
  with one Mistress. &nbsp;I decided I should and brought up their splash page. 
Having completed turning off my profile I went to the next message which seemed
  to be a greeting card. &nbsp;I clicked on the link as the card was from Mistress
  K and then another window appeared with the card starting to load. &nbsp;I
  waited until it was done and saw a short blonde haired woman kissing a red
  patent leather shoe of a long brown haired woman who was dressed in leather
  and holding a mistletoe branch above the other woman. &nbsp;It said Happy Holidays
  and there was a note from Mistress asking me if I would like this as a present. &nbsp;My
  right hand stole down to my lap and my legs parted slightly. &nbsp;I turned
  and looked to make sure no one was coming into the bedroom. &nbsp;I then started
  rubbing my clenched fist against my slit with my tongue sticking out like I
  was licking her shoe. &nbsp;My pelvis rutted hard against my hand and a wave
  of pleasure rocked my body. &nbsp;Right then I thought that I was not cum unless
  she allowed me so I stopped. &nbsp;I had to wait a moment for my breathing
  to subside. &nbsp;I would save this card for later. &nbsp;The next message
  was also from Mistress K stating how she found me so alluring and desirable
  and how she would like to see a photo of me if possible but that she understood
  my need for privacy. &nbsp;My breath caught in my throat on reading that. &nbsp;I
  really couldn't have pictures of me out there with people saying I was a slut. &nbsp;I
  ran a Sunday School program and that bit of news would not go over at all. &nbsp;I
  decided that maybe another voice recording would work for the time being. &nbsp;I
  continued to read the note and it finished with a command that I cum for her
  and describe it to her later. &nbsp;My heart was elated now. &nbsp;I could
  do the voice in advance telling her how I was going to cum later per her requirements
  for the note went on to spell them out in detail. &nbsp;I would need a bit
  of private time to do this for her though. &nbsp;I logged off the computer
  and went back to the living room. 
I made sure everyone was occupied for the time being and then told my husband
  I would be taking a shower. &nbsp;He replied ok and I explained the same to
  the children with one of them wanting a glass of water. &nbsp;After getting
  that I went off to the bedroom. &nbsp;I closed the door and proceeded to get
  back online with my mail program at Yahoo. &nbsp;I then brought up the sound
  recorder program and began speaking in a very low sexy tone as follows: Good
  Afternoon Mistress, Your sexy slut thanks you for allowing me to cum like your
  bitch and I will write to you about it later. &nbsp;I stopped recording and
  played it back. &nbsp;It was perfect and my slit was damp already. &nbsp;I
  then wrote her an email telling her I had received her messages and her card. &nbsp;I
  wrote that I liked them all and was sending her a message in return. 
I then logged off again from the computer. &nbsp;I went into the bathroom
  and closed the door. &nbsp;I took off my robe and hung it up. &nbsp;I proceeded
  to take off my bed clothes and looked at my lithe and naked form. &nbsp;My
  right hand went down to my slit and started to massage it. &nbsp;I just could
  not help myself now for I was currently under her spell. &nbsp;I had to do
  as she commanded and I would be rewarded. &nbsp;
I turned on the shower and let it warm up. &nbsp;I went to the counter and
  looked over my brushes and combs and found one that would be just perfect for
  the task at hand. &nbsp;I got into the shower and put down the brush and proceeded
  to lather up my body. &nbsp;It was sensitive at the moment and my nipples were
  all perked up. &nbsp;My pussy lips were protruding outward slightly so my hole
  was most likely visible. &nbsp;My fingers ran over my hole with the index slipping
  inside when it passed by. &nbsp;I felt so alive with pleasure. &nbsp;I now
  took the brush and holding it by the handle swung it around my body and struck
  my ass with it hard. &nbsp;The sound of it hitting echoed throughout the bathroom. &nbsp;My
  left cheek hurt from the blow. &nbsp;My left hand was now over my slit and
  its fingers were feeling around inside while I was saying as she wanted spank
  the slut. &nbsp;I said it again and struck my ass once more. &nbsp;My fingers
  rammed into my pussy and I moaned out loud. &nbsp;Again I said spank the slut and
  this time hit myself harder and it hurt yet the pleasure intensified offsetting
  it. &nbsp;I just could not wait anymore and started to spank myself with the
  brush over and over only repeating slut that I could hear while my fingers
  stroked me forcefully. &nbsp;I finally came collapsing onto the shower floor
  still striking myself. &nbsp;Once laying on the floor I dropped the brush and
  lay on my back spreading my legs wide so the shower hit against my open pussy. &nbsp;I
  continued to fuck myself with my fingers now saying fuck me Mistress fuck
  your slut. &nbsp;I came again and that was a unique experience as my body
  just shook in ecstasy. &nbsp;&nbsp;My body finished its spasms of joy and I
  got up and completed my shower. &nbsp;I looked at my left cheek and saw it
  was very raw and red but it did feel nice and warm. &nbsp;
I got dressed after toweling off and getting cleaned up some more. &nbsp;I
  pulled on the jeans and they rubbed just right on my slit. &nbsp;I sat down
  at the computer and described in detail how my shower transpired. &nbsp;I felt
  so like a little naughty girl telling my Mommy what I had done wrong and as
  I did I got damp. &nbsp;What was wrong with me and how could she have that
  effect on me? 
Day After Christmas 
Today I woke of my own accord. &nbsp;It was still early and the sun was just
  coming over the horizon so the sky was a dark grey at the moment. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  got up and quietly went to the bathroom. &nbsp;I was wearing a read nightshirt
  and I put on a robe and slippers. &nbsp;After completing my bodily necessities
  I washed up and went to the kitchen. &nbsp;Luckily the house was wired for
  wireless access. &nbsp;I had my laptop and set it up in the kitchen and began
  to start it up while I made coffee. &nbsp;I was finally able to access messenger
  and my email when the coffee had completed brewing a few cups and so I took
  one. &nbsp;I sat down to see if any notes were addressed to me on messenger. &nbsp;There
  was a couple it turned out. &nbsp;The first was a thank you note from Mistress
  for my carrying out the instructions correctly. &nbsp;The second said she was
  quite pleased with me and had written me a longer note in email. &nbsp;I noticed
  the email alert was on and so went to read my messages. &nbsp;There was only
  one but a bit long. &nbsp;
The message went on to first point out how pleased she was with my cumming
  . &nbsp;I got red with embarrassment at the mention of it. &nbsp;However with
  the embarrassment came the desire and my right hand fell into my lap and began
  rubbing the back of my hand against my crotch. &nbsp;My legs spread slightly
  to allow greater access and I increased the pressure of my rubbing. &nbsp;I
  continued to read the message. &nbsp;She next pointed out how she loved my
  voice message and that she was intoxicated with the sound of my voice. &nbsp;She
  seemed to hint that she might have cum while listening to it but it was not
  clear on that point although I took it as she did. &nbsp;
She then went on for some time about being truthful. &nbsp;She wrote that
  as my Mistress that she could not help me please her if I did not tell her
  the truth. &nbsp;In turn she would be honest with me in order to make sure
  this is what I wanted for otherwise it would not be fun for her. &nbsp;I saw
  the logic of this and resolved to be more forthright in my answers from now
  on but still maintaining some reserve as I thought of peeing. 
Her message then went on to ask if I was playing with myself while reading
  this note. &nbsp;I blushed immediately and my hand stopped its motion although
  the pressure increased. &nbsp;The message continued that if I was I could cum
  right now and if not then I must until later. &nbsp;I immediately was filled
  with happiness and pushed even harder against my crotch. &nbsp;My left hand
  reached down and pulled up my nightshirt showing my bare and nicely trimmed
  pussy. &nbsp;Two of my right hands fingers immediately found there way inside. &nbsp;I
  watched as they operated of their own volition and pushed in and out of me. &nbsp;My
  legs opened wider and whispered Her bitch. &nbsp;My hips began to buck forward
  and back while my left hand rubbed my breasts over the nightshirt. &nbsp;I
  started to softly moan and my back arched forward. &nbsp;My fingers buried
  themselves deeper inside catching a hold of my clit. &nbsp;I held it between
  my fingers and squeezed. &nbsp;My muscles tightened in response and I began
  to cum. &nbsp;Holding and squeezing my clit prolonged the pleasure coursing
  through my being. &nbsp;As the intensity of the feelings subsided I continued
  to hold my clit as I did not want to let go. 
She went on to write that as if I had just cum then I should wear the skirt
  and top with white thigh highs, padded bra and no panties with two inch heels. &nbsp;She
  wanted me to look like a proper slut since that is what I was if I just kept
  wanting to cum. &nbsp;Otherwise I was to wear the dress pants outfit. &nbsp;I
  resigned myself to the skirt and blouse thinking of being a slut underneath. &nbsp;As
  I thought of this my fingers continued to stroke my clit and a puddle was now
  visible on the seat of the chair. 
She finished that I would some tasks to complete today. &nbsp;One was to find
  two medium wide rubber bands, and hopefully more than the two as spares will
  be needed. &nbsp;The other was to identify any sex toys I might have including
  any clamping devices like a clothespin. &nbsp;I would have to continue to describe
  my activities as before and today I was to use the spanking brush as a dildo
  when I came. 
I thought of the brush entering me and it made me shiver. &nbsp;I got up and
  found some appropriate rubber bands and put them down beside the computer. &nbsp;My
  thoughts wandered to think of all the items that would be considered sex toys
  by her definition. &nbsp;Definitely clothespins and the one dildo I had. &nbsp;The
  latter was a latex one from a few years ago after being married for a couple
  of years. &nbsp;My husband had bought it as a gag and I had kept it. &nbsp;I
  had only used it a couple of times in the beginning and had since forgotten
  it. &nbsp;I started to write my reply message. &nbsp;I wrote down the items
  I had thought of. &nbsp;I followed that with a description of my shower yesterday
  and my episode this morning and so I would be wearing the skirt outfit. &nbsp;I
  wrote how my body was overcome with so much pleasure yesterday during my shower. &nbsp;I
  explained that when I came I wanted Mistress to fuck me with one of those strap
  on dildos. &nbsp;I noted I had only seen pictures of them and that this was
  just how my fantasy yesterday came to an end. &nbsp;I then wrote that today
  was extremely nice also and how I loved to hold my clit now and stroke it. &nbsp;I
  finished with clothes choices that were similar to todays for tomorrow. 
As I was getting ready to take the computer offline her icon turned yellow. &nbsp;She
  immediately said good morning to me and pointed out she had only a limited
  amount of time. &nbsp;I responded with a good morning and said I was just getting
  ready to turn the computer off myself. &nbsp;I thanked her for her messages
  and notes. &nbsp;She said she would read them later when she would have time
  and not rush pointing out how she loved them so far. &nbsp;I grew faint with
  the praise. &nbsp;She then asked if I had gotten the two rubber bands like
  I was asked. &nbsp;I said I had them with me now. &nbsp;She said that was good
  and for me to take off my nightshirt. &nbsp;I did as she requested. &nbsp;She
  then asked me to take one band and to get my nipple hard by rubbing it. &nbsp;I
  did so and very quickly it seemed to have fully grown. &nbsp;She then told
  me to put the band around it and loop it until it not fall off. &nbsp;I did
  so and she wanted to know how it felt. &nbsp;I told her it was comfortable
  so she told me to loop it until it was uncomfortable. &nbsp;This took two more
  loops. &nbsp;It was uncomfortable but bearable. &nbsp;She then had me do the
  same with my other nipple. &nbsp;My breasts were so small but of a nice shape
  and I yearned for Mistress K to feel them at that moment hoping she would like
  them. &nbsp;She then asked if they might fall off and I thought about it for
  a moment and said I did not know. &nbsp;She had me do one more loop. &nbsp;Now
  they were tight and I could feel them put pressure on the base of my nipple. &nbsp;It
  hurt some in getting used to the feeling. &nbsp;She told me to wear them as
  long as I could and when I wanted to cum I could but only while pulling them
  off at the same time. &nbsp;As a starter I was allowed to cum right then but
  would have to leave the bands on. &nbsp;She then said goodbye and disappeared. &nbsp;I
  sat there a moment feeling the bands hold on to my nipples. &nbsp;I was naked
  in the chair and I leaned back and spread my legs pulling my feet up to the
  corners of the seat. &nbsp;I spread them wide and put my right hand over my
  slit. &nbsp;My fingers extended and dove into my hole between the folds of
  skin. &nbsp;My left hand felt around the bands and rubbed the tips of my nipples. &nbsp;I
  could feel the blood swelling inside. &nbsp;My fingers were buried in my cunt
  three at a time. &nbsp;They were ramming in and out and I wanted to cum for
  her and I did. &nbsp;My pelvis kept humping my fingers trying to suck them
  inside. &nbsp;I could see the wetness all over them as I looked down. &nbsp;I
  continued to stroke my pussy with them and I felt like cumming again. &nbsp;I
  got hotter as I watched my fingers fill me. &nbsp;My body behaved like a slut's
  would by yearning for visible release. &nbsp;I came again and loudly gasped. &nbsp;
My fingers were all wet as was the seat of the chair and all around my slit. &nbsp;In
  fact I was sitting now in a puddle of my juices and wetness. &nbsp;Luckily
  for me these were leather chairs so there would be no lingering odor. &nbsp;What
  a slut I was now and it was just so wonderful a feeling. &nbsp;I quickly put
  on my nightshirt being careful not to rub my nipples as they were now getting
  a bit sore. &nbsp;I washed off my hands and then put away the computer for
  now. 
Friday Into Saturday After 
I had put the computer away and could now hear my family arising from their
  slumber. &nbsp;My pussy was sore from the workout and the bands were beginning
  to feel quite uncomfortable. &nbsp;I could feel the dampness begin in response
  to these discomforts. &nbsp;I decided not to think about the bands for now
  and began to prepare breakfast. &nbsp;
* * * * * 
I finally was alone preparing for my shower. &nbsp;&nbsp;I had taken off my
  nightshirt and inspected how my nipples were still quite erect and swelled
  with blood. &nbsp;I wanted to so take the bands off but at the same time my
  groin was emanating pure pleasure throughout my being and I did not want it
  to stop. &nbsp;I got in the shower and began to soap myself once I was wet. &nbsp;I
  had to be careful not to touch myself too much for I did not want to cum now
  for the day. &nbsp;My cunt seemed to try and draw my hands towards the slit
  ann ouncing its entrance. &nbsp;I had to keep both of them occupied. &nbsp;My
  arms tried in turn to rub against the side of my breasts. &nbsp;Catching it
  once the pull on the breast pulled the nipple and thus made the band pinch
  me. &nbsp;The mixing of the pain and the pleasure was just too much for the
  moment and I had to hold onto the wall of the shower to prevent myself from
  collapsing. &nbsp;I could now feel myself leaking and feelings of despondency
  filled me as all I could see before me was a life as a slut. &nbsp;Yet even
  as despair filled me desire replaced it, desire and need. &nbsp;
I finished my shower just slightly frustrated. &nbsp;I wanted to cum now and
  then cum again later when I removed the bands but she did not say that. &nbsp;It
  seemed to be so much better without a Mistress but then I thought of my recent
  orgasms and that thought left me as untrue. &nbsp;I knew this is what I wanted
  and needed. &nbsp;I went into the bedroom with a towel about my breasts in
  case my husband was there. &nbsp;I was alone so I quickly took off the towel
  and put on the padded bra. &nbsp;Later I would realize my Mistress did me a
  favor in offering me this one. &nbsp;At the moment though I thought she just
  wanted me to look slutty by looking bigger. &nbsp;I adjusted my nipples so
  the bands would not be pulled and then I took out the stockings. &nbsp;I put
  each on and looked at myself in the mirror. &nbsp;I definitely was a slut without
  any panties on. &nbsp;I put on the soft white collarless sweater. &nbsp;I then
  put on a black wool skirt that came to mid-knee. &nbsp;I put on the leather
  pumps and now I felt so wicked without my panties and the bands around my nipples. &nbsp;I
  went into the living room and hoped my family would not notice my secrets. 
* * * * * 
It was mid-afternoon. &nbsp;I had to make a stop at the food store and so
  put on a car coat and left. &nbsp;I did not know what to expect but once I
  got to the store and made it to the frozen food area I found out. &nbsp;My
  pussy just got so cold. &nbsp;The coldness just made me want to pee. &nbsp;I
  did not want to pee here. &nbsp;I quickly did my errands and left the store. &nbsp;I
  immediately went home and relieved myself. &nbsp;As I was doing this I looked
  at the brush and its handle. &nbsp;I wondered what it would feel like later
  when it was inside me. &nbsp;I looked forward to getting to know the brush
  so much better. &nbsp;
I drove home from the store with the heat fully on in the car. &nbsp;I had
  to get rid of that chill on my thighs. &nbsp;My right hand kept falling down
  into my lap to rub my thighs through my skirt. &nbsp;This just had the result
  of it moving up to my crotch and making me hot. &nbsp;I finally got home and
  put the car in the garage. &nbsp;Everyone in the house was reading a book or
  watching TV. &nbsp;I brought the groceries up to the kitchen and put them away. &nbsp;Once
  done I went to the bathroom and got inside closing the door behind me. &nbsp;I
  pulled up my skirt and my right hand starting rubbing my slit. &nbsp;I grabbed
  the brush I wanted and sat down on the toilet. &nbsp;My hand kept rubbing my
  slit along the crack. &nbsp;I laid the brush down and pulled up my sweater. &nbsp;My
  nipples were very hard now and hurt unbelievably. &nbsp;A finger found its
  way in my crack and now was entering my cunt . &nbsp;My pelvis moved forward
  to great it. &nbsp;My other hand ran over my breasts and I could feel a great
  heat throughout me. &nbsp;I kept moving my finger in and out of my cunt and
  my legs were spread wide. &nbsp;I saw the brush where I had left it and picked
  it up. &nbsp;I was not so sure of doing this as I did not like the dildo in
  the past. &nbsp;I needed to do it for her and for me as I wanted to cum so. &nbsp;Holding
  the brush by the handle I brought it down on my inner thigh and cried out. &nbsp;The
  pain spread quickly where I hit. &nbsp;I now wanted to be fucked by her brush
  and I took it by the end and began to push it in my wet cunt . It slid in effortlessly
  and now I started ramming it into me. &nbsp;I just kept whispering to myself Fuck
  the bitch over and over. &nbsp;I could see the wetness now all over the brush
  and my groin. &nbsp;I did not care as I wanted more of the brush. &nbsp;I could
  feel myself getting ready to cum. &nbsp;My legs pulled up so my pussy would
  be more exposed and I pushed the brush in as far as it would go. &nbsp;It hurt
  inside and now I could feel the pleasure bubbling forward. &nbsp;My other hand
  had been waiting and now I grabbed a band and pulled it off quickly. &nbsp;The
  pain was too much and I cried out softly. &nbsp;My cunt was so alive and I
  started to cum. &nbsp;I held the brush deep inside and pulled the other band
  off. &nbsp;I came and came just holding the brush still. &nbsp;My body shock
  with the waves of pleasure. &nbsp;I could feel the blood rush back to my nipples
  and the brush pushing inside but the pain of both of them just made my pleasure
  greater. &nbsp;Finally after what seemed like an eternity my orgasm subsided. &nbsp;I
  got up and cleaned myself off and the brush also. &nbsp;I straightened out
  my clothes and went back to the living room with a chipper step in my walk. 
A little later on I was able to get online and check my email and such. &nbsp;I
  had no communication from Mistress K. &nbsp;I was a bit disappointed but then
  got to my task of writing down what transpired earlier. &nbsp;This made my
  good mood come back and when I was finished writing I was damp again. 
* * * * * 
I woke up late on Saturday. &nbsp;My sleep was so restful and my body so relaxed. &nbsp;I
  think the workouts during the day were doing it well. &nbsp;My husband had
  already gotten up and was going over to friends to help him with a chore. &nbsp;The
  children were already done breakfast and were getting ready to go out and play. &nbsp;I
  looked at the clock and saw it was 10 o'clock . &nbsp;I had slept a long time. &nbsp;&nbsp;My
  husband came in and gave me a kiss and said he would be back later probably
  around noon . &nbsp;I could hear the children leave. &nbsp;I said bye also
  and he left. 
I got out of bed and was dressed in my nightshirt. &nbsp;I forgot to tell
  her what night clothes I had and I did not want to presume what I should wear
  so I tried to stay nondescript. &nbsp;My nipples had finally stopped hurting
  during the time I slept and seemed to be back to normal. &nbsp;My pussy was
  still in great shape from what I could sense so no damage done other than to
  my psyche as I thought about how I have been acting. &nbsp;
I then remembered I should get online and see if she had written back to me. &nbsp;I
  got out of bed and retrieved my laptop and lay back on the bed with it. &nbsp;I
  started it up. &nbsp;I thought that she might have already gone and left. &nbsp;I
  hoped not although this would be late considering the previous days. &nbsp;I
  finally got online and brought up the mail program first. &nbsp;Nothing was
  there for me and I got worried. &nbsp;I wondered if she did not find me alluring
  anymore. &nbsp;I worried that maybe the voice recording I did yesterday was
  too much and I scared her away. &nbsp;Maybe I was not as kinky as she would
  like. &nbsp;All of these thoughts bounced back and forth in me as I tried to
  get messenger online. &nbsp;I completed making it operational and as the buddy
  screen appeared I noticed happily that the MsK buddy symbol was yellow. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I
  brought up a message window and typed Good Morning Mistress' to her. &nbsp;I
  had to wait a moment or so and then in reply I received Good Morning slut,
  My slut did well at her tasks yesterday.' &nbsp;I felt so relieved and just
  typed Yes Mistress I enjoyed them' in reply. &nbsp;I then got back the following slut
  did them well but not all things were done well.' &nbsp;&nbsp;I worried a moment
  and then wrote  What can I do better Mistress?' &nbsp;&nbsp;She wrote back
  two things could be done better with the first being to use proper addressing
  forms for her and I . &nbsp;Namely I was to use lowercase when referring to
  myself and uppercase when referring to her. &nbsp;This seemed simple enough. &nbsp;The
  other thing was I did not offer her choices for bedtime and so she wondered
  what I wore last night since I did not ask. &nbsp;I replied that I was sorry
  I had forgotten to do that and I had worn a nightshirt not knowing what to
  do. &nbsp;She then scolded me by writing Listen cunt since you did not ask
  then that meant you would be naked for bed and were you naked slut?' &nbsp;I
  wrote back No Mistress I am sorry.' &nbsp;I began to feel tears come to my
  eyes. &nbsp;The next thing that appeared was strip for Me cunt .' &nbsp;So
  I took off my nightshirt and was naked on the bed with the laptop beside me. &nbsp;I
  could feel wetness between my legs and it must have been happening when I was
  writing back and forth as I had not felt it occurring. &nbsp;Definitely my
  body was reacting differently now. 
I wrote back that I had striped. &nbsp;She then told me to get the brush and
  bands. &nbsp;I got them and she had me put the bands back on my nipples but
  looped one more time than before. &nbsp;Now they hurt right away. &nbsp;She
  had me take the brush and put it inside of me and fuck myself with it. &nbsp;I
  began to do that and I could feel the warmth and desire spread throughout me. &nbsp;She
  then had me bring myself almost to orgasm and then stop. &nbsp;She did this
  twice and I so wanted to cum. &nbsp;Finally I wrote Please Mistress may slut
  cum?' &nbsp;&nbsp;She wrote back that since I was being a good cunt she would
  let me cum. &nbsp;She told me to get the dildo. &nbsp;I was taken aback for
  a moment and then went to find it. &nbsp;Luckily I remembered where it was. &nbsp;I
  found it and brought it to the bed. &nbsp;She asked me if I had cleaned it
  lately and I said no so she told me to go do so. &nbsp;I took it to the bathroom
  and proceeded to wash this thing that I knew I shortly would want. &nbsp;Once
  completed, I came back to the bed and told her. &nbsp;She remarked that I was
  very obedient and now I should take the dildo and put it in my cunt . &nbsp;I
  spread my legs and pushed it in. &nbsp;It was not a very big one so it slid
  in and did not feel uncomfortable although it looked quite lewd sticking in
  my pussy. &nbsp;She then had me get on my hands and knees on the bed and push
  my ass up and out. &nbsp;She told me to hold the dildo in place with one and
  to take the brush with the other. &nbsp;With the brush I was to spank myself
  on her command. &nbsp;My nipples were really hurting now. &nbsp;She said if
  I did this well I could cum but only when she said. &nbsp;I was also to pull
  off the bands when cumming like before. 
I awaited her first command and it did come and I hit myself hard in the ass
  with the brush. &nbsp;My other hand kept pushing the dildo in and out of me. &nbsp;I
  made such a sight fucking myself on the bed while spanking myself with a brush. &nbsp;The
  thought of that sight made me hotter and so the dildo went in slightly further
  each time. &nbsp;She told me to do it again and I did. &nbsp;We must have done
  this for about 15 minutes. &nbsp;My ass was sore and my nipples really hurt
  now. &nbsp;My pussy was swelled with the constant fucking and wet liquid dripped
  down the side the dildo making it hard to hold. &nbsp;Finally she just wrote
  one word on the screen and it was cum.' &nbsp;My body reacted immediately
  and I could feel the release starting. &nbsp;I dropped the brush and reached
  around my front and pulled each band off. &nbsp;The release of the pain was
  ecstatic and right then I came. &nbsp;As I came I screamed out Oh Mistress
  slut is cumming .' &nbsp;With that the dildo just kept ramming in and out of
  my pussy and I finally was spent and feel exhausted onto the bed. &nbsp;It
  took me a while to regain my composure. &nbsp;
After a few minutes she wrote to me as follows Enjoy it slut?' &nbsp;I responded Yes
  Mistress' with a smile. &nbsp;She then informed me I was to try and keep the
  dildo close at hand at times as she might want to use it at a moments notice. &nbsp;I
  smiled at that as I now liked the dildo. &nbsp;It seemed to be much more malleable
  than the brush and so felt better when impaling me. &nbsp;She asked me about
  the length and bushiness of my pubic hair. &nbsp;I told her I had it trimmed. &nbsp;She
  said that was not good enough and my task today was to shave it all off. &nbsp;She
  finished by saying Naughty sluts need to be fucked often and so their bush
  would get all messy that's why they do not need one.' &nbsp;I said I would
  do that for her. &nbsp;She said once I had done it I could cum again with the
  dildo but only on my hands and knees like I was being entered from behind. &nbsp;She
  said that was how she liked taking sluts like me. &nbsp;I felt my body shiver
  with expected delight at being fucked by her. &nbsp;I asked her about her strap-
  ons but all she said was she had different shapes and sizes depending on her
  mood. &nbsp;I pressed a bit further and she finally said Mistress does have
  special one for good cumsluts .' &nbsp;I asked her about it further and she
  said that there was a long one with a bit more firmness but not too wide. &nbsp;This
  one she had her special sluts use themselves. &nbsp;I was a bit confused and
  asked for a better explanation. &nbsp;She continued by saying only her special
  sluts get the pleasure of this one. &nbsp;For this one did not have a piece
  that fit inside her at all but rather just attached to the harness. &nbsp;She
  would have her cumslut , as she called her, lay down on her back with a pillow
  under her ass. &nbsp;She would then hold the dildo still and the cumslut would
  move her body to mount the dildo in her asshole. &nbsp;My hand rose to my mouth
  and I gasped. &nbsp;My ass clenched in fear. &nbsp;I did not want her to hurt
  me this way. &nbsp;To make matters worse I would just be a cumslut if I did
  this not a business woman or soccer mom at all anymore. &nbsp;Just a piece
  of flesh to be used at will by my Mistress. 
We finished chatting and did not return to the subject of the special use
  of that dildo. &nbsp;All the time my ass was clenched yet my pussy was leaking
  slightly on my thighs and the bed. &nbsp;She let me go and said we would chat
  again tomorrow but this time earlier. &nbsp;I said I would be online and also
  would tell her when I completed the task. &nbsp;I then said goodbye. 
I got up and decided to take my shower. &nbsp;My pussy kept leaking as I thought
  about being a special cumslut . &nbsp;Could I mount it myself I thought. &nbsp;I
  went into the bathroom and took out my razor and put in a new blade. &nbsp;I
  spread shaving cream around my bush and started to shave it off. &nbsp;It felt
  so erotic to do this. &nbsp;I continued to leak out and I was mesmerized watching
  it do so as I shaved. &nbsp;I finished and it felt so tingly. &nbsp;I then
  took the dildo and got down on the bathroom floor on all fours. &nbsp;I stuck
  the dildo in my awaiting wet pussy and proceeded to fuck myself. &nbsp;I started
  to cum almost immediately and as I did I heard myself whisper Can slut mount
  you Mistress?' 
Sunday After 
I had finished cumming on the bathroom floor like her good bitch and I wanted
  more. &nbsp;I got my shower and when I finished I realized I did not ask what
  I should wear today. &nbsp;This was not good since last time she told me I
  should have been naked with no instructions on hand. &nbsp;I quickly toweled
  off and turned on my laptop. &nbsp;I got online and she was not logged onto
  messenger. &nbsp;I checked my email and there was a message from her. &nbsp;I
  read the message and realized she was ann oyed with me. &nbsp;I was to wear
  the same type of outfit as yesterday but to use my shortest skirt appropriate
  for the time of year. &nbsp;As to the blouse I was to wear something that was
  not too tight but not too loose either. &nbsp;I was to not wear panties or
  a bra for that matter and I was to use the bands but only set one notch above
  yesterday. &nbsp;I could already imagine my banded engorged nipples rubbing
  against the blouse all during the day. &nbsp;The message said that when I could
  no longer stand the nipples I was to remove them while cumming in my bitch
  way with my new friend. &nbsp;My pussy seemed to come alive on reading that
  and my hand immediately started stroking my slit until I realized it and pulled
  it away. 
Right then the phone rang and it was Karen. &nbsp;She said she was sorry to
  call during the holidays but just to verify the trip information. &nbsp;I said
  it was not a problem and it would just take me a moment to get my bag. &nbsp;I
  got it with the information I had and we talked about the background. &nbsp;My
  mind wandered every so often to the message before me and I kept reading about
  how I was supposed to cum for her later today. &nbsp;My hand feel between my
  legs again as I was sitting under one of them on the edge of the bed. &nbsp;Sitting
  this way my pussy was wide open and my fingers played over the slit. &nbsp;I
  thought of Karen stroking me this way as her pet. &nbsp;A finger found its
  way inside my opening. &nbsp;I gasped slightly. &nbsp;Karen asked me if I was
  ok and I said yes that I almost dropped the computer for a moment. &nbsp;We
  continued talking although it was hard for me. &nbsp;I thought at one time
  I heard Karen giggle but then I could not be sure as I had a difficult time
  concentrating with my fingers wanting to excite me on their own. &nbsp;Karen
  did mention that our dinner date with the client would be in an expensive restaurant
  and we should be dressed commensurately so cocktail dresses would be the order
  of the day. &nbsp;I told her I had only one with the shoulder area bare and
  so was concerned if that was too sexy for a business dinner. &nbsp;She said
  no as the client would appreciate it as a nice gesture and nothing more and
  were quite the gentlemen. &nbsp;&nbsp;She said she would wear something similar
  so I would not be conspicuous. &nbsp;I thanked her for that favor. &nbsp;She
  said the dinner would be from 7 to 9 and after that we could go out on the
  town even though it was a Monday night as the next day we would not start until
  10 at their offices. &nbsp;We would then leave town from their offices at 5
  and get home about 9. &nbsp;Completing this meeting successfully would result
  in a long term contract with them, she noted. &nbsp;She thanked me for helping
  out and I said I was glad to and that we would see each other at the completion
  of the holidays. &nbsp;We said our goodbyes and hung up. 
After hanging up the phone I realized my finger was inside me again. &nbsp;I
  pulled it out and began to get dressed. &nbsp;I thought of Karen's voice saying
  thinks like Mistress did and I shuddered in pleasure. &nbsp;I then got my bands
  and put them on. &nbsp;I felt the curve of my small breasts and how firm and
  supple they were. &nbsp;I then put on the last of the white stockings as luckily
  I had gotten 3 pair of the white, nude and black just in case. &nbsp;I then
  put on a green silky blouse that buttoned up the front and a dark brown wool
  skirt that came to just above the knee. &nbsp;This was my shortest skirt for
  this time of year. &nbsp;I did not look too bad and overall had that cute soccer
  mom look. &nbsp;However soccer mom's did not have rubber bands squeezing their
  nipples and a newly shaved pussy wide open to the world. &nbsp;
Her message ended by saying that as regards the night clothes I was already
  informed of the punishment for not asking and so I would now have it. &nbsp;I
  was to go to bed naked. &nbsp;I immediately was filled with fear. &nbsp;My
  husband would want to know why. &nbsp;I realized I was now shaved and how would
  I explain that. &nbsp;I was almost paralyzed thinking of what would happen. &nbsp;It
  then occurred to me I could leave the lights off and come to bed naked. &nbsp;He
  might be in the mood. &nbsp;As to the shaving I would say I wanted to try it
  out and see if I liked it while seeing if he liked it too. &nbsp;This would
  work I thought. &nbsp;I finished dressing by doing my makeup. &nbsp;I would
  still keep the soccer mom look on the outside. 
* * * * * 
That night when I went to bed I thought a bit about the day. &nbsp;I could
  continue to feel the cool air always flowing over my shaved slut pussy. &nbsp;I
  had cum once in the bathroom a little later in the day when the bands got to
  be too much for me. &nbsp;It made me feel all warm inside to think of it again. &nbsp;My
  husband was in bed and I was getting undressed. &nbsp;I had turned the lights
  off like I pl ann ed earlier. &nbsp;I now took off my clothes. &nbsp;My pussy
  was sore from using the dildo so hard as were my knees from having knelt on
  the tile floor for some time as I did so enjoy fucking myself like Mistress
  taking me from behind. &nbsp;Doing it while on the floor of the bathroom was
  also so erotic for me as it made me think of my peeing pleasures which I still
  did not tell Mistress. &nbsp;I would really have to keep that to myself. &nbsp;I
  turned off the bathroom lights and went to the bed slipping between the sheets. &nbsp;My
  husband reached over to me feeling my nakedness. 
I could hear him chuckle that I must want a good time. &nbsp;I meekly said
  yes and he pulled me over and started running his hands over me. &nbsp;I wanted
  him to fuck me and I could feel his fingers go between my legs. &nbsp;The feel
  of his hand on my shaved pussy was too much and my pelvis pushed down to meet
  his fingers. &nbsp;He then said he was surprised by my shaving and I told him
  the story I had concocted. &nbsp;He said he liked it and it seemed I did too
  from my reactions as his fingers went inside of me. &nbsp;My thin frame wrapped
  around his hand and started to rut on his fingers. &nbsp;My tongue probed his
  mouth. &nbsp;He then pulled me onto my back and said what a hot one I was tonight. &nbsp;I
  reached down with one hand and held his organ in my hand as it got stiffer. &nbsp;I
  then guided it into my waiting hole. &nbsp;I wanted to be fucked. 
* * * * * 
I awoke on Sunday morning all refreshed again. &nbsp;It was still early. &nbsp;I
  got out of bed and made my way to the kitchen once having visited the bathroom. &nbsp;I
  had put on a robe over my nakedness. &nbsp;I retrieved my laptop and brought
  it online. &nbsp;I went to my email but no messages were there. &nbsp;I proceeded
  to write my report to her from yesterday. &nbsp;Each memory made me get hotter. &nbsp;I
  had my left hand already in the folds of my robe playing with my shaven pussy. &nbsp;I
  was becoming such a slut. &nbsp;I finished my report and then made sure I added
  something about clothes this time. &nbsp;I laid out clothes choices of a pants
  blouse combination for church and then jeans and a sweater for later on. &nbsp;Another
  choice was to wear the pants outfit all day or to substitute a dress. &nbsp;For
  nightwear I laid out a wide range of choices from sexy to motherly. &nbsp;I
  then sent the message to her. 
I proceeded to now bring messenger online after making some coffee. &nbsp;Everyone
  was still sleeping so the house was quite quiet. &nbsp;&nbsp;As I was bringing
  messenger online the message alert window appeared ann ouncing a new email. &nbsp;I
  immediately retrieved it and it was from Mistress. &nbsp;She started by thanking
  me for the report and saying that today I could wear my first choice in outfits
  followed by a red sexy nightie I had in my collection. &nbsp;Right then a messenger
  window appeared and I saw that Mistress was now online. &nbsp;She greeted me
  and I did the same in turn. &nbsp;She thanked me for being up early and as
  my reward she would have me cum for her. &nbsp;I got all warm inside. &nbsp;She
  then told me to get a pair of clothespins and the dildo. &nbsp;I got them and
  came back to the computer. &nbsp;She told me to put the clothespins on each
  nipple which I did. &nbsp;They did hurt. &nbsp;She then had me remove the robe
  and get down on all fours on the kitchen floor. &nbsp;She said sluts should
  get used to being fucked this way as this was their place in life. &nbsp;She
  then wanted me to cum with the dildo which I proceeded to do. &nbsp;She had
  let me know that I should remove the pins when I was ready to cum. &nbsp;As
  I fucked myself happily with the dildo I listened to make sure no one would
  come into the kitchen when I was like this. &nbsp;However that thought did
  not cause me to stop and I kept fucking myself like she would do it. &nbsp;I
  finally reached that special point and started to cum. &nbsp;I quickly pulled
  off the pins and my nipples hurt immediately even more. &nbsp;I came with the
  pain and it was wonderful. 
Once having recovered control over my body I got back in the chair at the
  computer. &nbsp;I told her I was done. &nbsp;She said she was quite pleased
  with me. &nbsp;She ended our chat by saying she would try to be online later
  tonight around 9-10 otherwise she would see me tomorrow morning. &nbsp;She
  said I was free to cum all day as many times as I wished but I would have to
  tell her about each and every one. &nbsp;I thanked her and then turned off
  the computer and smiled. 
Sunday Night After 
The day was now a blur of ecstasy. &nbsp;I had spent a good part of it on
  my knees on bathroom floors in a number of homes. &nbsp;We had gone to church
  this morning and I got to wear the pants and blouse ensemble. &nbsp;It was
  good to be wearing underwear again with no pain devices. &nbsp;I felt quite
  relaxed throughout the morning. &nbsp;However when we got home it had started. &nbsp;I
  had gotten undressed and was going to put on my jeans when I realized I was
  alone. &nbsp;I decided that I wanted to play with myself and so got my dildo
  and went into the bathroom. &nbsp;I had on my bra and panties. &nbsp;I got
  down on all fours and took the dildo and rubbed it against the back of my panties. &nbsp;I
  could feel the dampness turn to wetness along my slit. &nbsp;I took the dildo
  and used it push aside the panties getting the head of it to my slit. &nbsp;I
  ran it up and down the slit until it got wet then started to push it inside. &nbsp;I
  could not wait too long and just rammed it in. &nbsp;I cried out in pleasure. &nbsp;I
  then proceeded to fuck myself with it until I came. &nbsp;At the end of it
  I cleaned up and got dressed. &nbsp;I took out my laptop and wrote of that
  experience to her. 
* * * * * 
Later on we went to visit my husband's mother at her townhouse. &nbsp;While
  there the children were talking to their grandmother and my husband was checking
  out her car at the same time so I snuck into the bathroom. &nbsp;I had brought
  the dildo with me in my purse  I had to take the larger one with me and I
  hid it down the bottom in a silk bag. &nbsp;&nbsp;I took it out and pulled
  down my jeans and panties to my knees. I got down on all fours like her bitch
  and pushed my pelvis back to spread my pussy for her. &nbsp;I then took the
  dildo and pushed it inside. &nbsp;I had to do it slowly as I was just getting
  wet but I could not wait. &nbsp;It felt so good inside of me and I started
  to rock back and forth on it. &nbsp;I was able to cum without crying out and
  then cleaned up the dildo putting it away. &nbsp;I dressed back up and made
  sure I looked ok as I went back to join my family. 
* * * * * 
We later took his mother over to his sister's house for dinner. &nbsp;&nbsp;Once
  there my body began to exert a mind of its own wanting to go immediately go
  to the bathroom. &nbsp;It took all my will to keep my composure and not bow
  to my decadent whims. &nbsp;&nbsp;All during the pre-dinner socializing activities
  I wanted to go and pee. &nbsp;I knew that once there peeing I would be on all
  fours in my bitch position taking her cock that I had lovingly stored in my
  handbag. &nbsp;I held out until just before dinner was to served. &nbsp;I then
  took my leave of the ladies and went to the restroom. &nbsp;Upon entering I
  locked the door for I did not want someone to come in on me unawares. &nbsp;I
  decided to pee first and pulled down my jeans and panties. &nbsp;I let it squirt
  out all the time rubbing the top of my slit with my fingers. &nbsp;I wanted
  to get right down on the floor and cum for her. &nbsp;I finished up but decided
  not to wipe myself and instead be a dirty bitch for my owner. &nbsp;I slid
  off the toilet onto the floor and turned my ass so it faced up and out. &nbsp;My
  pussy I knew was visible from behind me and that little droplets of pee were
  finding their way down my leg. &nbsp;I took the dildo out of my bag and put
  it behind me rubbing the head on my wet and inviting slit. &nbsp;I then pushed
  it between the edges of my lips and found the awaiting hole. &nbsp;It was palpitating
  in anticipation. &nbsp;I stuffed her cock in my pussy and started to rut on
  it. &nbsp;I felt like a very good and content bitch for her as she used me. &nbsp;I
  knew I would do anything for her if she asked me. &nbsp;I came humping her
  cock and moaning with my face on the floor of the bathroom. &nbsp;I put away
  my toys when done and went to dinner. 
* * * * * 
When we were done for the evening we then took his mother home to her house. &nbsp;Once
  there my daughter had to use her bathroom and so I decided did I. &nbsp;Once
  my daughter was done I went in and locked the door. &nbsp;I got down on all
  fours and then pulled down my jeans and panties. &nbsp;I took out her cock
  again and just tried to push it in. &nbsp;I was a bit dry and this took a bit
  of time but I wanted to be taken by her again. &nbsp;My pussy was sore and
  trying to force her cock in just made it hurt some more but inside I did not
  feel pain at all but pleasure. &nbsp;I finally got it inserted and came like
  a wanton bitch in only a minute. &nbsp;I then cleaned up and we took our leave
  of his mother and went home. 
* * * * * 
When I got home it was a little before 9. &nbsp;I went online nominally to
  check my company mail but really to write up my report for the other times
  I came today. &nbsp;I finished writing them up and sent them off. &nbsp;I then
  put my computer in secure mode and went to the kitchen to check on my family. &nbsp;They
  were all getting something to eat as did I. &nbsp;We sat down and chatted about
  the day and then the children peeled off to the family room for a show they
  had been waiting for. &nbsp;My husband headed off to watch the final football
  game of the regular season. &nbsp;I went back to the bedroom claiming to do
  some work. &nbsp;Upon going in I closed the door and turned off the lights
  this way if I was disturbed I would not be seen right away and I sometimes
  did work in the dark so it would not be considered strange. &nbsp;I sat down
  at the computer and brought messenger online hoping she might be there. &nbsp;I
  also hoped she might not be there as I felt a great deal of shame at my humiliation
  as a slut. &nbsp;
She was not yet online and I started doing some work to get a headstart before
  returning to work as I would be gone for most of the first two days back. &nbsp;That
  got me thinking of being out with Karen. &nbsp;I imagined how lovely she would
  look in strapless black dress. &nbsp;I began to dream of her kissing me while
  we danced. &nbsp;I decided I would feel more comfortable in my nightie and
  so got my red sexy one. &nbsp;I put it on and hoped my date' would show up. &nbsp;My
  pussy still hurt from being filled all day but that just made it feel better
  when I came it seemed. &nbsp;Once I had it one I sat back again in the chair
  but this time my right hand reached under my panties on the side and started
  rubbing my slit. &nbsp;
The icon for my Mistress went yellow showing she was now online. &nbsp;I felt
  a trembling in my groin. &nbsp;A window soon appeared with a greeting from
  her. &nbsp;I responded in turn. &nbsp;She asked how my day had gone and I told
  her it went very nice for me. &nbsp;She stated her acceptance and then asked
  me how I was dressed. &nbsp;I told her about my sexy nightie she had wanted
  me to wear to bed that I had on now in anticipation of her possibly being online
  tonight. &nbsp;&nbsp;She wrote how beautiful I must look for her. &nbsp;I felt
  excited inside. &nbsp;She asked if her slut had all of her toys about and I
  responded an excited yes. &nbsp;She had me move the dildo head over the front
  of my panties up and down the front. &nbsp;I started to pant. &nbsp;We then
  had this interchange: 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Does My slut want to be fucked? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress please fuck me. 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Open your legs slut 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress my legs are open for You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pull your panties aside for Me 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress please fuck Your slut 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First My slut must prepare herself
  for Me , does slut have clothespins? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress I have them for You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Good attach one each to your cunt
  lips slut 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;slut
  is done Mistress, they hurt some Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Good that is what My slut needs now
  stick My cock inside slut 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress thank You 
With her entering me I immediately started to shake. &nbsp;My pussy contracted
  on her cock and the pain from the clothespins radiated around my pussy. &nbsp;She
  told me to slowly fuck myself as she would do me. &nbsp;I kept my legs spread
  and slowly pushed it in and out of my awaiting pleasure hole. &nbsp;The pins
  moved around as I fucked myself. &nbsp;She then told me to pinch my nipples
  and make them hard for her. &nbsp;My left hand reached up under my nightie
  and I began to twist and pinch each nipple in turn. &nbsp;They grew hard at
  my rough touch. &nbsp;I then wanted to cum and so asked my Mistress if her
  slutty bitch could come for her. &nbsp;She gave me her acquiescence and I then
  came with my legs spread wide in front of the computer and a dildo stuffed
  inside my pussy. &nbsp;My nipples were all hard and both pained and pleasured
  me as did the pins. &nbsp;
Once the wondrous feelings left me she told me to straighten up in case someone
  came in on me. &nbsp;I did as she asked and thanked her for reminding me. &nbsp;I
  removed the clothespins and it felt like my pussy was on fire. &nbsp;The feeling
  was just so overwhelming and I loved every moment of it. &nbsp;As I calmed
  down she chatted some wanting to know what my plans were for the week. &nbsp;I
  told her I had none in particular other than I had a business trip upcoming
  at the end of the Holidays. &nbsp;She asked me about the trip but did not seem
  overly interested. &nbsp;She did want to know who I was traveling with and
  I told her it was a female co-worker from sales. &nbsp;She wanted to know if
  I was attracted to her and I cautiously said yes. &nbsp;She thought that was
  wonderful but she understand my need to keep it to myself with my position
  and all. &nbsp;I thanked her for understanding. &nbsp;She wrapped up that conversation
  by saying maybe it all would work out for me and I would get what I wanted. &nbsp;I
  said I hoped so but then was still not sure as I was new to all of this. &nbsp;She
  said I was doing just great and should not worry about it as I was a very good
  submissive. &nbsp;I felt so happy when she said that. &nbsp;We then finished
  by saying bye to one another with the plan to meet again online in the morning. 
Monday After 
I woke early in the morning with everyone still asleep. &nbsp;I felt very
  comfortable in my bed but now I wanted to get up and see if Mistress was online. &nbsp;I
  seemingly could not control myself and my sex was yearning for release. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  slipped quietly out of bed and went to the kitchen retrieving my laptop. &nbsp;I
  had to pee but I wanted to hold it in for a while. &nbsp;I got to the kitchen
  wearing my sexy nightie with a robe over it but once there I took off the robe. &nbsp;I
  sat down in a chair and started up my computer. &nbsp;My left hand went down
  between my legs and started to rub my slit through the panties. &nbsp;My nipples
  were getting nice and hard while a small feeling of dampness started between
  my legs. &nbsp;I finally got online and brought up messenger. &nbsp;Mistress
  was offline but a message box appeared with a question. &nbsp;The question
  was from Mistress and it said are you My slut sue?' &nbsp;I responded Yes
  Mistress.' &nbsp;Upon writing that my hand moved faster over my slit and I
  had to move the panties away to let my fingers find my hole. &nbsp;They found
  it and I gasped. &nbsp;My legs spread wider. &nbsp;I wanted to cum but I remembered
  I was not supposed to. &nbsp;This did not deter me this time and I decided
  to repeat last night. &nbsp;I got up and snuck back to the bedroom to retrieve
  my dildo and clothespins. &nbsp;I went back to the kitchen and took off my
  panties. &nbsp;I then took off my top also. &nbsp;I pulled my right breast
  so my tongue and mouth could reach it. &nbsp;Being they are small in size I
  had to pull my breast and nipple to reach. &nbsp;&nbsp;I started to lick and
  suck my nipple. &nbsp;As I was sucking it I got the clothespins and I put one
  on one lip of my pussy. &nbsp;I then took the other and did the same to the
  other side. &nbsp;It felt so wonderful. &nbsp;I started now to bite on my nipple
  making it hurt. &nbsp;I took the dildo in my hand and started inserting it
  inside of me. &nbsp;I was so excited and out of control at the moment. &nbsp;I
  just wanted to cum all over myself and hurt myself. &nbsp;I bite hard on my
  nipple right at that moment and it so deliciously hurt. &nbsp;I could not hold
  myself back any longer and so I came right then naked in the kitchen. &nbsp;What
  was most humiliating was that I started to pee on myself and I loved it while
  cumming . &nbsp;I was so overwhelmed by the intensity of it all that I just
  laid back in the chair with the dildo still inserted inside of me. &nbsp;Little
  droplets of pee fell off the end of it and there was a small puddle under me
  on the chair. &nbsp;My nipple had teeth marks around it now. &nbsp;I felt so
  relieved. 
It then occurred to me that I had done wrong by Mistress as I should have
  asked first. &nbsp;I decided I would not tell her. &nbsp;I got my clothes back
  on with my robe. &nbsp;I now decided to check my email. &nbsp;I did not have
  any messages. &nbsp;&nbsp;I then got up and went to the bathroom so I could
  fully empty my bladder. &nbsp;I cleaned up the chair and the dildo and went
  to the bathroom. &nbsp;I emptied myself and went back to the kitchen. &nbsp;It
  was now just a bit after 7AM . &nbsp;Right then I saw her icon say she was
  online. &nbsp;A fear gripped me inside. &nbsp;The conversation began pleasantly
  enough and she was happy to hear I had a great time the night before. &nbsp;I
  was very glad to hear she was pleased also. &nbsp;She then asked me what I
  had been doing this morning before she arrived. &nbsp;I did not know what to
  say so I just said I was reading mail and such. &nbsp;She asked me if I had
  cum this morning. &nbsp;I did not want to tell her the truth but then I thought
  about her discussion on honesty and said I had cum once this morning. &nbsp;What
  unfolded next made me very sure that I needed this part of my life. 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My slut just said she was doing email
  but now you say you came? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I
  am so sorry Mistress I was not sure what to say about this morning. 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Listen bitch stop with the I' you
  are just a slut, a cunt and my bitch 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress slut understands 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My bitch does not understand at all
  and needs to understand 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;slut
  is so sorry Mistress please forgive your slut please? 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The computer is wireless so take it
  down on the floor and get on all fours bitch and do it right now! 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress slut is on the floor like a good bitch for You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Good now tell Me how bitch came  all
  the details 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress
  slut could not help being a slut and when slut answered Your question slut
  wanted to cum. &nbsp;Your slut used the dido and clothespins like last night
  and slut was naked when slut fucked cunt like last night 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nothing more bitch? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
  Mistress nothing more 
Right then I started to cry. &nbsp;I felt so bad not telling her everything. &nbsp;I
  kept crying but at the same time I felt myself getting damp again. &nbsp;I
  did not want to lose her but I thought if I told her how perverted I was she
  would leave me right away. &nbsp;How could she want a piss whore. &nbsp;I came
  out of my thoughts as she asked me what I was doing now. &nbsp;I wrote I was
  crying for having disobeyed her. &nbsp;She said I have a reason to cry shortly
  and told me to wooden ruler if I had one or a similar stick. &nbsp;I found
  a ruler as she requested and got back down on all fours. &nbsp;She told me
  to get off the floor and sit in the chair after I undressed. &nbsp;I undressed
  for her still sobbing. &nbsp;She then told me to take the ruler in my right
  hand and spread my legs wide like a slut. &nbsp;I did as she said with some
  tears still running down my face and onto my breasts. &nbsp;She then told me
  to take the ruler and move my pussy off the edge of the chair. &nbsp;She continued
  that every time she said to spank I would use the ruler and spank my slit as
  hard as I could. &nbsp;She said this would teach me a lesson. &nbsp;She then
  started with the first one. &nbsp;I brought the ruler down hard on my slit
  and it hurt. &nbsp;I felt stinging all around my slit. &nbsp;She did it again
  and again. &nbsp;I kept hitting my slit harder and harder. &nbsp;I could see
  it was bright red from the blows. &nbsp;It hurt so bad but I wanted to do it
  for her. &nbsp;I was a slut, a bitch for fucking, and I needed to be made into
  her cunt . &nbsp;When she finally stopped all I could feel was pain from my
  pussy. &nbsp;Yet it was still wet as it seemed to like being mistreated. &nbsp;Right
  then she said her bitch would now know better and she would talk to me tomorrow. &nbsp;I
  was free to dress as I wanted for the rest of the day. &nbsp;With that she
  then logged off. &nbsp;I was left sitting there, my pussy aflame with red pain
  and some now disappearing welts. &nbsp;I wanted more and so I would chat with
  her tomorrow and be good for the rest of this day. 
Before The New Year 
The rest of Monday morning was a confused one. &nbsp;First my groin hurt for
  the better part of the morning from the discipline. &nbsp;Secondly I was now
  worried that I might lose the first Mistress I found. &nbsp;Finally, I wanted
  to go play with myself and cum as the pain slowly turned into a lasting desirable
  sensation. &nbsp;&nbsp;However I knew the command was to wait until tomorrow
  morning until I could chat with her again. 
As the morning came to an end I went to have a shower. &nbsp;I tried to be
  careful but when I was washing my shaved slit area a wave of pleasurable feelings
  swept over me. &nbsp;I kept rubbing with the wash clothe and I was getting
  closer to cumming and then realized I should stop. &nbsp;I finished my shower
  but was not satisfied at all. &nbsp;I got dressed in jeans and a sweater and
  decided to wear my tightest pair. &nbsp;Later on I found I should not have
  done this for the rest of the day my pussy kept reacting to the rubbing of
  the jeans. &nbsp;This would cause me to dwell on wanting to play with myself
  which I did not want to do for fear of not controlling myself. &nbsp;The worst
  part was the family went visiting interesting local sites which meant I could
  not change and get rid of the sordid reminder of my lust. &nbsp;I guess over
  time I would learn. 
* * * * * 
Later in the evening while doing dishes and cleaning up I started to think
  about my upcoming trip with Karen. &nbsp;I began to daydream about how under
  other circumstances it could be a date. &nbsp;She would dress me up and take
  me out to a very nice place to eat. &nbsp;After eating we would go have some
  drinks and maybe even dance. &nbsp;I thought about dancing with her and leaning
  into her. &nbsp;Her breasts would push against my smaller ones but I would
  just feel so wonderful in her arms and not thin and almost flatchested at all. &nbsp;I
  even thought she would find me very desirable and kiss me on my hair. &nbsp;I
  would be so taken by this that my mouth would move to accept her lips on mine. &nbsp;Her
  sweet fragrance would penetrate me and I would swoon to her kissing. &nbsp;She
  would then whisper in my ear it was time to go and we would get in a cab and
  leave for our hotel room. &nbsp;What a thought we would both have the same
  room although it would have two bedrooms as a penthouse suite. &nbsp;Even so
  being so close to her would be so glorious. &nbsp;We would drive in the cab
  and she would caress me and fondle me as I would be hers. &nbsp;We would then
  make our way to our room with her arm around me as I leaned on her. &nbsp;
The thoughts were so tempting. &nbsp;My body tried to urge me to go to the
  bathroom and cum thinking about her taking me in the room but I resisted this
  time. &nbsp;I finished my chores and then went to watch some TV with my husband. 
* * * * * 
As the night ended my husband and I went to bed. &nbsp;I put on my nightshirt
  and proceeded to get under the covers. &nbsp;I did not want to go tempt him
  against Mistresses orders. &nbsp;He got undressed to his underwear and then
  slipped under the covers after turning off the lights. &nbsp;He then snuggled
  up to me and I could tell he was interested. &nbsp;&nbsp;I could feel his fingers
  feel for my sex. &nbsp;I started to get wet with his ministrations and opened
  my legs wider to give him more access. &nbsp;I started to moan as his fingers
  went inside me. &nbsp;I could feel my pussy try to suck his hand inside and
  in fact I moved my pelvis so his now present two fingers actually went in pretty
  far. &nbsp;I did not know if he was surprised by my reaction which was different
  than usual but he did not say anything. &nbsp;He started to kiss me and tongue
  me. &nbsp;I opened my mouth wide to take it in. &nbsp;I reached down and felt
  that he was really hard. &nbsp;My thoughts turned to first Mistress K and then
  Karen. &nbsp;I needed to cum hard and I thought maybe I could. &nbsp;I stroked
  him until he was good and ready and then whispered to him from the rear. &nbsp;He
  grunted agreement and I turned over as he removed his now wet fingers. &nbsp;I
  got on all fours and waited for him. &nbsp;He kneeled behind me on the bed
  and used his fingers to spread me wider. &nbsp;He then inserted his cock inside
  of me. &nbsp;My pelvis thrust back and up accepting him as deep as he could
  go. &nbsp;My face rested sideways on the bed with my arms stretched to hold
  me still. &nbsp;
My mind wandered to an imaginary hotel room with a mirror visible to me where
  I could see the bed and everyone on it. &nbsp;The lights were on now and there
  was Karen as Mistress K taking me with a strap-on dildo. &nbsp;It was exquisite
  as I could see her every thrust. &nbsp;As she moved her breasts swayed and
  I adored her. &nbsp;She was saying to not cum until she allowed. &nbsp;I held
  it back fiercely. &nbsp;The sight was mesmerizing of her cock going in and
  out of me while my pussy willingly wanted it. &nbsp;Finally she commanded me
  to cum for her and I came. &nbsp;It lasted what seemed like a long time and
  my body reacted with the advent of all this pleasure sweeping through me. &nbsp;I
  must have moaned quite loudly for I could hear my husband trying to shush me
  as he shot his load into me. &nbsp;Luckily I just moaned and nothing more. &nbsp;When
  he was spent he feel on top of me and then rolled to my side. &nbsp;We kissed
  and hugged until we went to sleep. &nbsp;I dreamt of Karen and slept soundly. 
* * * * * 
Tuesday morning came and I slept later than usual but still was up by 7. &nbsp;I
  felt great and stretched in the bed. &nbsp;It took me some time before I realized
  Mistress may be on line and so I got out of bed. &nbsp;I brought my laptop
  into the kitchen and made some coffee. &nbsp;While it was brewing I powered
  it up and got online. &nbsp;I went to check my email first and there were no
  messages from Mistress. &nbsp;I then brought messenger online. &nbsp;She was
  not online though and I decided to read the paper for a while for this would
  not get me in any trouble. 
As I was sitting and drinking my coffee I heard the messenger beep for Mistress
  coming online. &nbsp;She was very nice and chipper this morning. &nbsp;She
  asked me how I was and after some small talk she then asked if I had cum since
  yesterday morning. &nbsp;I told her the truth that I had cum last night as
  my husband wanted sex. &nbsp;She wanted me to tell her the details so I did. &nbsp;She
  was quite interested in my imagining that she was fucking me while I watched
  her in the mirror. &nbsp;When I was done she said she was very proud of me. &nbsp;I
  felt elated yet this not something that would have happened to me only a few
  days ago. &nbsp;The thought crossed my mind that I was changing. 
She then said this would be a different day for me. &nbsp;I was very curious
  about what she meant. &nbsp;She told me to make myself wet for her. &nbsp;I
  was so happy to do this until I thought of last night. &nbsp;My cunt still
  had my husbands and my residue from last night as I had not cleaned up yet. &nbsp;I
  thought about this for a moment but it must have been too long for then she
  wrote What is My slut doing?' &nbsp;I wrote back Mistress I am still dirty
  from last night.' &nbsp;The response I received shocked me for a moment into
  a partial realization of where this was heading. &nbsp;NOW MY cumslut !' was
  the response I was reading on the screen before me. &nbsp;I did not want to
  do as she commanded but even so my body started to shake. &nbsp;My right hand
  moved down by its volition, or rather her volition, and made its way up my
  thigh. &nbsp;My left hand went to the keyboard. &nbsp;As the fingers of my
  right hand found my slit my left hand was typing yes.' &nbsp;My fingers went
  beyond my slit and began to play inside of me. &nbsp;I could feel the sticky
  wetness from last night. &nbsp;
As my index finger went inside and the wetness enveloped Mistress asked me
  if I had ever tasted myself. &nbsp;I told her I had once and was utterly repulsed. &nbsp;She
  asked me if I would do this one favor for her, just to please her. &nbsp;I
  told her I could not. &nbsp;She asked again and I repeated I could not. &nbsp;She
  then wrote that maybe I was not such a good find after all but she would stay
  with me at the moment and so I should continue to finger myself deeply while
  she considered what I should do for her today. &nbsp;
I began to sob and yet my fingers went deeper. &nbsp;My legs began to spread
  and my breathing increased. &nbsp;It felt so good and bad to be under her control. &nbsp;A
  part of myself could see me losing control of myself and yet gaining an insight
  into my soul all at once. &nbsp;This philosophical reverie was broken by the
  words Hurry cunt !' &nbsp;My fingers and hand started working at a furious
  pace with my legs spread and feet wrapped around the legs of the chair. &nbsp;My
  pussy was moving into my hand and now there were three fingers inside. &nbsp;As
  I looked down I could see them go in and out and a slimy wetness covering them. &nbsp;I
  was repulsed but this made me hotter. &nbsp;I could feel myself getting close
  to an orgasm yet I could not stop. &nbsp;As my clit became engorged and the
  initial waves of an orgasm were building to a conclusion the word STOP slut'
  appeared on the screen. &nbsp;It took me a moment to register them but once
  I did I stopped. &nbsp;My fingers slide out and I could feel goosebumps all
  over me as the coolness of the room registered on my sweating body. 
A few moments later there appeared a question mark on the screen. &nbsp;I
  then typed Mistress Your slut has stopped.' &nbsp;My mind raced forward though
  and got me to type Please may slut cum Mistress?' &nbsp;The answer I received
  was a resounding NO. &nbsp;I continued to plead until she told me to be quiet. &nbsp;She
  then spelled out for me my task for the day. &nbsp;
The task was to be her dirty bitch for the day. &nbsp;What that included was
  for me to only wash the upper part of my body and my feet but not my crotch
  area. &nbsp;I was to remain this way until tomorrow morning, New Year's Eve. &nbsp;I
  was not to wash my groin area at all. &nbsp;I was to do this so I would remember
  how I was a dirty filthy bitch who did not follow orders. &nbsp;She did say
  she would relent on some other items though. &nbsp;Namely I was allowed to
  dress myself, play with myself whenever and wherever, and I could have sex
  with my husband. &nbsp;&nbsp;The restrictions were I could not cum except with
  my husband and I was to have oral sex with him for at least ten minutes and
  swallow his cum at the end. &nbsp;I thanked her for allowing me this wondering
  how I could be allowing her to dictate these things to me. &nbsp;However the
  hotness in my cunt gave me the answer. &nbsp;She then finished by saying she
  adored her cute little pet and would look forward to a full report the next
  day. &nbsp;Mistress hinted that a good report would be rewarded. &nbsp;I was
  very happy as she left me. 
* * * * * 
I found the rest of the day difficult at best. &nbsp;We had to go out and
  visit some family friends about an hour away. &nbsp;I wore a pair of black
  dress slacks with a white silk blouse under a black jacket as the weather was
  quite nice. &nbsp;I had on 2 inch black leather pumps with black short stockings. &nbsp;My
  panties and bra were quite conservative thus more in keeping with my outward
  lifestyle. &nbsp;However I had to bring along panty liners and a small bottle
  of perfume. &nbsp;The panty liners and perfume were to combat the building
  stench of my pussy. &nbsp;What made it worse and so embarrassing to me was
  that I stayed in a perpetually agitated yet excited state the entire time. &nbsp;Sitting
  in the car was the worst for I had to sit beside my husband as he drive and
  thus could not be touching myself nor squirming. &nbsp;The reason for this
  strange state of agitation and excitement seemed to be the fact that she was
  making me be a dirty filthy and now smelly cunt and I did not want to yet did
  . &nbsp;I had to keep a good grip on my emotions for otherwise I would have
  just started sobbing at times and then probably have cum right in front of
  my family and friends. &nbsp;How mortifying that would be yet my body turned
  that into more erotic energy for its own perverted use. &nbsp;&nbsp;During
  the day I could not help playing with myself when alone and then I would use
  a new liner with more perfume on it. &nbsp;The perversion of this decadent
  behavior seemed to hold a lustful enjoyment for me. &nbsp;I was truly glad
  when bedtime finally arrived. 
* * * * * 
As my husband and I were preparing for bed I noticed he was being a bit more
  frisky than usual. &nbsp;Last nights episode must have him turned on, I thought
  to myself. &nbsp;I remembered her command and anticipated being able to cum
  but then realized that would be impossible as I could not have my husband smell
  and lick my pussy. &nbsp;He would probably get sick from even getting close
  and worse still he would want an explanation. &nbsp;I thought maybe I could
  play with myself and cum while I sucked him but even that would not work since
  playing with my pussy would allow my smell to permeate the room. &nbsp;I resigned
  myself to just sucking him off. &nbsp;My excuse for not doing anything else
  would be my period coming on and my husband would understand as he was not
  one for bloody sex. &nbsp;I climbed into bed wearing a nightshirt with panties
  having a perfumed liner inside. &nbsp;We kissed and touched until my mouth
  moved down and took him in my mouth. &nbsp;I could see the alarm clock luminescent
  numerals and began to track time. &nbsp;I had to make it last 10 minutes yet
  my husband was excited and wanted to cum sooner. &nbsp;I had to then control
  his orgasm but still keeping him erect all the time without him realizing. &nbsp;
I proceeded to lick him up and down while I tried to imagine licking Mistress. &nbsp;As
  I did this I used one hand to reach under my nightshirt and play with my nipples
  for at least they would not emit the foul odor of a filthy cunt . &nbsp;I wanted
  to cum and was trying to do it just by playing with my nipples. &nbsp;It was
  working at least some as long as I hurt the tips and so I squeezed and pinched
  them hard. &nbsp;I then took my husband in my mouth as I got more excited from
  hurting my breasts. &nbsp;The slut side of me wanted to feel the pain of my
  body and psyche. &nbsp;My jaw was getting sore as time went on and my mouth
  is already small so it is hard enough to take his head inside. &nbsp;My pussy
  pulsated with an electric energy telling me it wanted release but there was
  nothing I could do at the moment other than pinch my nipples even harder. &nbsp;I
  just sucked my husband and when the time came I sucked him hard enough so he
  came almost right after the time limit. &nbsp;I swallowed his semen which I
  had done before but not something I really enjoyed. &nbsp;Yet this time I seemed
  to enjoy it because she told me to do it and my nipples were aflame with pain
  from my efforts. &nbsp;When I was finally done I still had not cum but was
  getting closer just at a slow pace. &nbsp;I realized I would have to stop otherwise
  my husband might want to try something else and then he might find out about
  his suburban wife. &nbsp;I could not have that so then we both feel asleep
  except in my case it was in frustration! 
* * * * * 
The next morning I awoke early as usual. &nbsp;I went to the bathroom and
  the smell was pretty foul but then I just used another liner with perfume and
  headed off to the kitchen. &nbsp;After starting the coffee I got online. &nbsp;I
  had no new messages and so brought up messenger. &nbsp;I was surprised that
  Mistress was already there as this was earlier than normal. &nbsp;She said
  she had some work to complete before the New Year and just wanted to get it
  done earlier in the day. &nbsp;She then asked for a report on my task. &nbsp;This
  time she wanted to know much more about the way I felt than before. &nbsp;I
  told her everything except for the part about really wanting to hurt my nipples
  last night and that if I continued I might have released just from that alone. &nbsp;It
  was so embarrassing and shameful that I just could not do it. &nbsp;
When done she said she was very pleased that I did not make a total slut of
  myself and try to finger myself while sucking my husband although she said
  that sometime in the future when she was with me that would not occur. &nbsp;I
  cringed a bit when she wrote that. &nbsp;She continued on that I had done better
  than expected and so I should get my reward. &nbsp;I perked up and that, as
  did my body. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress noted it was still early and asked me if
  anyone would be up within the next hour. &nbsp;I replied no and was now very
  curious what she intended to do. &nbsp;She asked me if there was a room I could
  go to that was out of the way so I might have time to react if someone did
  get up. &nbsp;I said that the downstairs office and playroom might do. &nbsp;Mistress
  then said since I was wireless that would be the room to use. &nbsp;&nbsp;With
  the prelude out of the way instructions were given and I had 15 minutes to
  carry them out for her. 
I got up and moved the computer down to the office and put in lockdown mode
  as I would need to leave it. &nbsp;&nbsp;I made sure the drapes were pulled
  closed as I did not want some early morning peeper to maybe see me later. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  considered for a moment what she asked of me and decided I really wanted to
  do it for her. &nbsp;I went back to my bedroom and made sure my husband was
  sound asleep. &nbsp;I retrieved the items I needed without making any noise
  and made my way back to the office. &nbsp;It was extremely fortunate that a
  bathroom was attached to the office/playroom as it would make it much easier
  and less likely to be caught. &nbsp;I refilled my coffee on the way as I would
  need it. &nbsp;Once back in the office I went into the bathroom and even closed
  the door as it was almost like Mistress could see me from the computer and
  I did not want her to see me prior in order to make it special. &nbsp;There
  was an armload of stuff but I had taken my computer bag as it made it much
  easier to carry, and safer if I got stopped. &nbsp;I put the stuff in my arms
  on the toilet lid and floor. &nbsp;I opened the computer bag and took out the
  other items out and put them on the sink. &nbsp;I checked the time as I had
  gotten my watch and I had 10 minutes left. &nbsp;Laid out before me were the
  following things: &nbsp;black sheer babydoll negligee with matching bikini
  panties, &nbsp;3 inch black leather dress pumps, black thigh highs, very red
  lipstick, reddish blush, deep blue mascara, razor, gold medium hoop earrings,
  thin leather belt and my dildo. &nbsp;Also there were before and after cleaning
  supplies as I needed to douche my pussy and then shave it prior to make it
  very smooth again while afterwards I would need to remove the makeup. &nbsp;
I stripped out of my dirty clothes. &nbsp;I quickly douched and then thoroughly
  washed my groin. &nbsp;I did a quick wash of my face. &nbsp;I took the razor
  and did a fast shave of my pussy. &nbsp;Checking the time and seeing I was
  ok I then put the negligee on followed by the stockings and pumps. &nbsp;Makeup
  was next on the agenda and I took my time with that all the time noticing I
  was feeling and acting like a schoolgirl on her first date. &nbsp;I put on
  the earrings as the finishing touch and looked at myself in the mirror. &nbsp;I
  looked like a whore and felt like one too as my nipples were hardening. &nbsp;Picking
  up the belt and dildo I went back into the office trying to walk sexily for
  her. &nbsp;Sitting down I recognized I had just made it when I typed back
  Mistress.' &nbsp;I waited for her reply trembling in anticipation. 
She asked me to describe myself for her which I did. &nbsp;She then wanted
  me to pose for her and she told me how which I also did. &nbsp;It was rather
  disconcerting to pose for someone who was not there but my body reacted as
  if she was lecherously eyeing me. &nbsp;Some of the poses were very much pinup
  types while others were very lewd. &nbsp;Finally she wanted me in the right
  frame of mind and so had me layover the chair and take the belt. &nbsp;As she
  commanded I would bring the belt down on my rear. &nbsp;Not hard enough to
  cause utter pain but enough to redden and thus warm my cheeks and thighs nicely. &nbsp;I
  did as she commanded and noticed my legs were spreading as I strapped myself. &nbsp;I
  liked doing it for her and one hand started to play with my nipples over my
  negligee. &nbsp;I loved the feel through the fabric. &nbsp;When she was satisfied
  with this she then had me pull the panties up into my slit hard and then erotically
  grind my hips for her. &nbsp;Feeling the warmth of my rear and the fabric rubbing
  inside of my slit was so exciting. &nbsp;I started to bump and grind while
  I pulled them up and down hard. &nbsp;My wetness was now all through the crotch
  part of the panties. &nbsp;Now satisfied with the prelude she said I could
  sit down after I took off the now soaking panties. &nbsp;I was very excited
  and hot wanting to cum. &nbsp;I was then instructed to stand the dildo on the
  chair and sit on it. &nbsp;I took it and rubbed it on my slit slowly to get
  it lubricated but she said to just sit on it and I did. &nbsp;It went in quickly
  as I was already well-lubricated. &nbsp;From then on she told me when to rise
  and when to sit on it. &nbsp;As I rose I could expel it some so I could feel
  it going in and out. &nbsp;It was not attached to anything so I had to sit
  straight up to keep it from sliding out sideways. &nbsp;Mistress did this slowly
  all the time asking her slut how she enjoyed it. &nbsp;I enjoyed it way too
  much for I started to beg her for release. &nbsp;She had me twist and pinch
  my nipples while I humped the dildo to keep my hands away from my slit. &nbsp;Finally
  I could no longer resist and the exchange below started. 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress
  may Your slut cum now please 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No bitch keep showing Me how well
  you can fuck 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Please
  Mistress Your bitch wants to cum for You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ask nicer slut and maybe 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress
  please please slutty sue needs to cum 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Not good enough babyslut 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress
  sue is your filthy cunt whore fucktoy please release sue 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CUM NOW SLUT CUM FOR ME 
With that I cried out albeit as quiet as I could as I rocked my pelvis on
  the dildo. &nbsp;My hands gripped my breasts and I held onto them as I came. &nbsp;It
  was so wonderful and it lasted for a time. &nbsp;I actually could not stop
  humping the dildo even as the orgasm faded as I wanted every last bit of it. &nbsp;I
  finally finished exhausted in the chair so happy and alive. 
Mistress finished up by writing that I could cum over the next two days but
  only while sucking off my husband while fingering myself. &nbsp;&nbsp;She said
  she would be offline until Saturday morning and expected a report. &nbsp;She
  said she expected me to remember my performance for her every time I came. &nbsp;I
  wrote I would. &nbsp;Finally she wrote goodbye as did I and left. &nbsp;I quickly
  cleaned up and changed back. &nbsp;So fortunate was I that I was able to sneak
  back into the bedroom to put everything away in the end deciding to go back
  to sleep for a bit more time this New Years Eve morning. 
The New Year 
My family stayed up to see the festivities at Times Square. &nbsp;As the New
  Year occurred I thought fondly of this mornings date with Mistress and how
  fulfilling it was for me. &nbsp;I knew this year would be different but not
  how different. &nbsp;&nbsp;I remembered that I could only cum when sucking
  off my husband but since I had convinced him it was that time of the month
  already it would not be a problem. &nbsp;What worked out well for me is he
  did not pay much attention to the timing so even though I had it slightly over
  a week ago he would not realize that I had lied. &nbsp;However now I had a
  different problem in that I did not suck him off that often so I had to make
  sure for at least tonight I did not instigate the activities but maybe I would
  do it tomorrow instead. &nbsp;This presented a problem of not being able to
  release myself probably until tomorrow night as Mistress would not be back
  on until Saturday morning. &nbsp;
After celebrating the change in year we all went to bed. &nbsp;It turned out
  my husband was tired anyway and so fell right asleep. &nbsp;I laid there in
  my nightshirt and panties beside him and began to fantasize about my upcoming
  business trip with Karen. &nbsp;I imagined she would sensually come on to me
  and I would accept. &nbsp;This would lead to her touching me and kissing me
  with her eventually wanting me to undress for her like she was the man but
  a very dominant and forceful one. &nbsp;I was only slightly embarrassed by
  these thoughts as I had been having them for some time now and so was used
  to them. &nbsp;She would take me to bed and have me suckle her breasts while
  she roughly fingered me and called me Her bitch.' &nbsp;This made me very
  excited so I decided to just concentrate on her kissing me while I feel asleep
  otherwise I knew I could not control myself. 
* * * * * 
New Year's Day was memorable for the fact that all I thought of was my pussy. &nbsp;Each
  part of the day reminded me in some way about it and then the orgasm I had
  dressed up for Mistress. I actually frustrated myself more by rubbing myself
  at least once when I had these thoughts. &nbsp;This had the effect of keeping
  me stimulated but not out of control although many times I thought of going
  to the bathroom and getting on all fours and using my dildo like before. &nbsp;&nbsp;The
  memories of all the bathrooms I used a few days ago for this activity had the
  effect of making me feel somehow fulfilled. &nbsp;It was hard for me to rationalize
  this behavior with me being a business manager and in command in the rest of
  my life. 
* * * * * 
That night was frustrating for me. &nbsp;I had convinced myself that my husband
  would want to have me suck his cock and then I could cum but instead he was
  tired from playing with the children during the day and doing home fix-up chores
  that he fell fast asleep at 10. &nbsp;I stayed up a while longer watching TV
  by myself. &nbsp;As I ch ann el surfed I would notice that anytime a very attractive
  woman was on my hand would slip between the crotch of my jeans which easily
  allowed it due to my shape and I would rub myself. &nbsp;Each time as I lay
  on the couch I would do it harder and harder thus making myself more frustrated. &nbsp;I
  finally got so needing that I decided I would just go to bed and suck off my
  husband thus giving him a surprise. &nbsp;I turned off the TV and went to the
  bedroom. &nbsp;I took off my clothes leaving my panties so there would be no
  explaining and put on a nightshirt. &nbsp;I crawled into bed but then realized
  he was lying on his stomach sound asleep. &nbsp;With that plan foiled I just
  lay down and dreamed of Karen. &nbsp;I imagined her picking out my clothes
  and being very naughty about the underneath ones. &nbsp;This fantasy continued
  with me at business meetings and such having to make sure no one could see
  up my skirt. &nbsp;It was a pleasant one. 
* * * * * 
It was Friday now. &nbsp;My husband had to go to work he had gotten up before
  me and was dressed for work before I fully awoke. &nbsp;Damn I thought to myself
  I would have to now wait until tonight. &nbsp;I got my shower and spent an
  inordinate amount of time washing my groin doing it ever so slowly. &nbsp;I
  even whispered to myself one time Yes Mistress slut sue likes playing for
  You. &nbsp;This got me very hot and excited and so I eventually had to stop
  that. &nbsp;Once done my shower however my clit was still begging for release. &nbsp;I
  decided I needed to try and get my mind off of it today. &nbsp;My mind tried
  to think of what I could do and thus I came to the idea to use the bands on
  my nipples. &nbsp;I put the bands on but not too tight. &nbsp;Right away they
  revealed the slut I was becoming as they hardened immediately for me. &nbsp;I
  then put on a padded bra to keep them from rubbing too much. &nbsp;I used a
  panty liner in my panties to also keep my slit from being manipulated while
  I did house work in my jeans and blouse. &nbsp;This combination proved somewhat
  good at making sure I did not spend all my time and thoughts on my cunt . &nbsp;
During the day, as I did the housework, the bands had the effect of reminding
  me of my submission to Mistress. &nbsp;Even though so far it was all cyber,
  it still seemed very real to me as I was actually following the commands of
  her like she was here in the flesh. &nbsp;Every once and a while, I would pass
  a mirror and gaze at myself. &nbsp;I do think of myself as attractive but also
  mousy. &nbsp;Even though Mistress liked my description I doubt she would really
  find me sexual exciting in the flesh. &nbsp;In fact this had me think that
  my dreams of Karen were just dreams. &nbsp;She was so beautiful and sensuous
  and I was a mousy little woman who wanted to be her slut. &nbsp;&nbsp;Someone
  like her, so self-assured and desirable, would have no use for a slut like
  me. &nbsp;This made me feel a bit depressed and I decided to loop the bands
  once more which made me feel a little better anyway for reasons I could not
  fathom. &nbsp;The rest of that day the thought of me being that mousy flatchested
  slut' had the effect of me wanting to be whipped with a belt across my ass
  for maybe that was all a Domme would want me for in real life. &nbsp;I remembered
  earlier in life when I had bisexual fun with some other women, not many though,
  that they seemed not to last long. &nbsp;I now think it was because of being
  like I am. 
* * * * * 
That night when I went to bed my husband was interested in sex but for some
  reason I was not as much. &nbsp;I had finally removed the bands before coming
  to bed and my nipples were sore. &nbsp;We kissed and hugged and this made me
  feel much better. &nbsp;Once he touched my sex he realized I still had the
  liner on and then started playing with my nipples. &nbsp;I liked that as they
  were still sore and his touch made them come alive. &nbsp;I dropped my mouth
  down his body and took his erect manhood into my mouth. &nbsp;I sucked it slowly
  savoring the activity. &nbsp;I thought of sucking off Mistress with her wearing
  a strap-on and this made me very hot. &nbsp;As I sucked him my hand reached
  inside my panties. &nbsp;I was leaking out of my slit already like a slut. &nbsp;This
  spurred me on to fuck myself with two fingers inside my hole. &nbsp;During
  this I pinched my erect clit hard and interestingly enough I started trying
  to deep throat him more. &nbsp;I let him shoot into my mouth and swallowed
  loving every moment of it as I twisted my clit. &nbsp;As my throat and stomach
  filled with his cum I also came and felt wonderful. &nbsp;&nbsp;We both feel
  asleep hugging one another. 
* * * * * 
Saturday morning I awoke early. &nbsp;As I lay there a moment in bed it occurred
  to me this was the day Mistress would be back so I quickly and quietly got
  up and went to the kitchen with my computer. &nbsp;&nbsp;I felt so much better
  after last night. &nbsp;Once online I went to my email first but there was
  nothing there. &nbsp;I subsequently brought up messenger. &nbsp;Mistress was
  not online so I decided to do some work. &nbsp;After a few minutes I found
  myself rubbing the crotch of my panties and realized I probably was a bit dirty
  from having cum last night. &nbsp;This made me smile. &nbsp;I immediately put
  messenger on be right back' and went to the bathroom to wash my crotch. &nbsp;Once
  done I decided to shave it again to make it smooth for Mistress. &nbsp;Having
  completed I went back to the computer and reset messenger to online status. 
I was back doing work for a few minutes when Mistress appeared online. &nbsp;She
  warmly and lovingly greeted me and asked for her report. &nbsp;I gave her a
  synopsis of the last few days and she told me how pleased she was with my progress. &nbsp;I
  felt good inside. &nbsp;&nbsp;She then spent quite a bit of time talking about
  trust and how the submissive must trust the Domme . &nbsp;She also said that
  the Domme must care for the submissive and make sure she received what she
  needed. &nbsp;This made me slightly damp. &nbsp;This conversation was followed
  by a good description of bondage with her sending me pictures of cuffs and
  restraints that she owned. &nbsp;&nbsp;Even though I had read about this it
  still amazed me particularly the variety of devices. &nbsp;All of hers were
  made of black leather with the metal parts being silver. &nbsp;&nbsp;She also
  showed me a one inch wide collar she had for me to use someday. &nbsp;All of
  these items and the discussion around them made me very damp. &nbsp;I squirmed
  on the seat of the chair and the recent shaving made me even more sensitive
  to this action. &nbsp;
Mistress asked how her slut liked the items and I had to respond that they
  both excited and worried me. &nbsp;The conversation turned back to one of trust. &nbsp;MsK
  said as she trusted me to carry out her commands that I, as her submissive,
  should trust her to make sure they were reasonable and non-threatening. &nbsp;The
  topic of a safe word was then broached with her explaining what it meant. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  felt better as she explained much of what seemed to be confusing in what I
  had previously read. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress let me ask any questions I had and
  there were a few but non that were of an earth shattering variety. &nbsp;She
  let me know that if I had any more questions, no matter what they were, they
  would be answered to my satisfaction. &nbsp;I then decided to ask her the question
  that had been bothering me just recently. &nbsp;I wrote Mistress why do you
  spend time with someone who is mousy like me when you could surely find others
  more appealing?' &nbsp;Her answer filled me with inner joy and helped cement
  an initial bond of trust between us as she wrote Sue, I spend time with you
  because of your cute attractiveness that is extremely rare in a grown mature
  woman and because I am able to achieve my release by releasing your trapped
  inner desires in a safe consensual way.' &nbsp;I had to read and reread her
  answer to let it permeate me and as I did my worries seemed to vanish. &nbsp;Once
  calm I thanked her telling her I looked forward to our meeting this morning
  and my desires had been rewarded. &nbsp;At this point she said we should proceed
  to a different level now. 
Mistress began probing my needs and desires through a series of questions
  continually coming back to my wanton lust for humiliation tied to sexual release. &nbsp;During
  these questions I would sometimes evade, become tongue-tied, and even feign
  uncertainty. &nbsp;I could not tell if she could see this or not but she did
  push me. &nbsp;Rather she would seek details on some seemingly innocuous point
  that would in turn result in me having to give her a part of the answer about
  me. 
At this time Mistress decided the questions could be placed aside as it was
  now time to play some. &nbsp;She came back to my reaction to the bondage items
  and asked very pointed questions about my reaction. &nbsp;I had to tell her
  about my squirming back and forth in the chair as if I was rutting against
  it. &nbsp;I was forced to tell her that I had shaved again this morning for
  her and this sensitivity was helping to make me more excited. &nbsp;At this
  point she said her slut should not be wearing panties and so I should remove
  them. &nbsp;I did as she asked. &nbsp;Mistress showed me a new item that went
  with the collar which was a chain leash with a black leather loop for her to
  hold. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress talked about leading me around by the leash and
  maybe leading her cute slut by the leash while I crawled on all fours. &nbsp;This
  got me very excited for some reason and she encourage me to play with myself
  while she described such a scene with me as her obedient bitch. &nbsp;This
  made me so hot that I inserted two fingers in my pussy and found I was already
  very wet. &nbsp;I began to moan softly as she talked about patting me on the
  head and spanking my ass with her hand as she held my leash. &nbsp;Eventually
  I could not stand it anymore and told her I needed to cum. &nbsp;Mistress told
  me to take my fingers out of my pussy which I did albeit reluctantly. &nbsp;Mistress
  told me to get the rubber bands and two clothespins. &nbsp;I was instructed
  to put the bands on my nipples after hardening them by licking them. &nbsp;After
  making them tight enough that I could feel the pain she had me put the clothespins
  right on the tip. &nbsp;I thought I would feint with the pain. &nbsp;Now she
  had me insert my fingers in my wet cunt and start fucking myself with them. &nbsp;It
  was such an extreme feeling. &nbsp;As I was getting perilously close to cumming
  she had me remove each one of them one at a time while fingering myself without
  cumming . &nbsp;I thought I would lose consciousness doing this. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  was now being such a slut as I was begging her to cum over and over calling
  myself foul names of such a degrading nature which had the effect of making
  me even hotter. &nbsp;Finally the bands and clothespins were off and I was
  sitting there crying tears of exasperation wanting to cum like a bitch in heat
  for my Mistress, and I thought even Owner. &nbsp;
Mistress now wanted her bitch to suck her wet fingers for her and lick them
  completely clean. &nbsp;I could not do it. &nbsp;She berated me and yelled
  at me but I just couldn't for some reason as if one side of me was trying to
  hold onto some type of self-esteem but yet another side wanted so badly to
  indulge being her cumslut . &nbsp;Mistress decided that this day would not
  be the day to this but that I did need some discipline for not doing as commanded. &nbsp;I
  told her slut was so sorry and would accept her punishment not knowing what
  she would offer. &nbsp;Her punishment was I could not cum, even with my husband,
  and that maybe tomorrow she might let me gain that release but not now. &nbsp;I
  was in such an agitated sexual state that I almost started begging outloud
  like the sniveling cunt I was willingly becoming for the pleasure was so far
  beyond compare to my past. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress got tired of my begging and
  ended out conversation. &nbsp;I was aghast and left so out of sorts. &nbsp;My
  clit ached and hurt now wanting to cum yet it felt so good and as I would find
  this feeling would stay with me throughout the day and night. &nbsp;I did not
  realize at the time it was not that she really wanted me to suck my juices
  but rather to begin my slut training on the subject of orgasm control. &nbsp;
The First Weekend Of The Year 
I had just finished my shower and toweled off, still horny and frustrated. &nbsp;As
  I looked in the mirror before getting dressed I could see the look of lust
  in my bright light blue eyes. &nbsp;My blonde straight slightly wavy hair looked
  shiny as always down to the middle of my neck in the back. &nbsp;It had a natural
  part slightly off center and I kept some loose bangs just above my eyebrows. &nbsp;&nbsp;I
  remembered before I had children that it was naturally blonde but then had
  changed to a more mousy brown color so now I colored it to near the original
  color. &nbsp;My face is a stretched oval with my ears being proportionate and
  tucked in so my hair mostly covered them except at the lobes. &nbsp;My nose
  is a good shape in being straight with a slight turn upwards and narrow but
  much so. &nbsp;&nbsp;My cheekbones were somewhat high being I am of northern
  eastern European descent. &nbsp;My neck is thin and slightly long. &nbsp;The
  thinness of it and my small frame conspired to make my throat to protrude from
  under my jaw and then disappear by the time it reached the top of my shoulder
  line. &nbsp;My jaw is of a nice steeply rounded structure but my thinness made
  my cheeks looks shallow. &nbsp;My lips were a bit thin but still full and when
  coated with red lipstick looked very attractive or at least I thought so. &nbsp;My
  very svelte figure worked against me some for my color bones and breastbone
  showed through my skin at the top just below my neck. &nbsp;In fact I am so
  thin and small that I have to shop for clothes in the junior section as adult
  sizes do not fit correctly most of the time. &nbsp;&nbsp;This usually meant
  it took me a while to find clothes so I would project the proper mature businesswoman
  and soccer mom image. &nbsp;Many times I had to take them in some. &nbsp;My
  shoulder line sloped down from my neck. &nbsp;At last wearing contacts made
  me look somewhat attractive otherwise I would look like the mousy librarian
  as seen in movies for sure. 
My figure is overall very thin and curved so I do not look like a boy. &nbsp;My
  legs are of a nice shape and my thighs are a perfect size relatively. &nbsp;My
  hips are good and not wide but of a good feminine contour with my ass being
  firm having a nice protrusion from the rear. &nbsp;I was however not made in
  such a way that I could sway while walking and entice a male. &nbsp;I had no
  problem with weight other than for me it was hard to gain any. &nbsp;My skin
  tone was of that slightly yellow- ish nature allowing me to tan easily without
  burning. &nbsp;My arms and hands were thin and delicate in nature matching
  my overall form. &nbsp;&nbsp;Overall my measurements are 32-22-34 with my cup
  size being barely a B. 
In studying my overall physique and looks I could see where Mistress might
  find her mousy submissive to be cute and attractive although it still perplexed
  me some. &nbsp;I wanted her to accept and also to desire me as her sexual partner. &nbsp;I
  decided I would try my best to be a very good sex toy and slut for her. &nbsp;This
  elevated my excitement level and my hands cupped my small breasts and moaned. &nbsp;I
  spoke to my image in the mirror saying I want Mistress to fuck me, I want
  to be her slut in a wanton begging voice. &nbsp;&nbsp;With that I watched
  as my right hand wandered slowly down my chest and then abdomen from my breast. &nbsp;I
  stared intently as it reached my lower abdomen and reached the top of my shaven
  slit. &nbsp;I still could not believe I had shaved but it made me look so attractive
  now. &nbsp;I could feel my throat constrict and my stomach churn. &nbsp;My
  hand started to shake and I felt slightly dizzy. &nbsp;My index finger found
  an opening in my slit and I fought off the desire to finger myself. &nbsp;My
  legs started shaking badly. &nbsp;The exploring finger found my hole even though
  my legs were pulled together. &nbsp;I felt it reach inside and touch the wetness.
  I moved it around to cover it in my juices, my eyes focused on the hand it
  was attached to. &nbsp;I pulled it out reluctantly. &nbsp;I closed my eyes
  and opened my mouth. &nbsp;I brought it up to my open mouth trying to avoid
  smelling it but failing. &nbsp;I began to retch and had to hold it back. &nbsp;My
  finger went into my mouth and I sucked on it. &nbsp;I felt sick at my stomach
  but at the same time my cunt gave away its desire by leaking onto my upper
  thigh. &nbsp;I deeply moaned and my left hand squeezed my entire left breast. &nbsp;Right
  then my husband said from outside the bathroom are you ok sue? &nbsp;I quickly
  recovered my composure enough to say in a somewhat shaky voice that I was ok
  and would be done in a moment. &nbsp;&nbsp;He responded with an ok and left
  the bedroom. &nbsp;I washed my dirty hand and began to get dressed while still
  tasting my servile future if I wanted it. &nbsp;I did. 
* * * * * 
The rest of the day was one I would always remember and also one I would like
  to forget. &nbsp;Every little thing got me thinking about sex and with those
  thoughts came a wetness between my legs. &nbsp;I was no longer wearing panty
  liners, mistakenly it turned out. &nbsp;Earlier in the day my husband had done
  some digging in the yard to reroute a gutter drain pipe and once he was done
  and cleaned up the family went out to take advantage of some sales. &nbsp;When
  I was at the mall to do some clothes shopping with my family I found myself
  staring at attractive women. &nbsp;There was one very attractive woman standing
  outside Victoria Secrets that I ogled as much as my husband. &nbsp;One time
  I even noticed that my blue jeans had a small dark patch in the crotch just
  from my leaking. &nbsp;I was so embarrassed and glad no one noticed. &nbsp;I
  told my husband I had to go to the restroom and as I walked there I held my
  handbag in front of my crotch in an unassuming way to avoid discovery. &nbsp;Once
  in a stall I had to use toilet paper to blot up the wetness from my jeans and
  my panties. &nbsp;I then took more toilet paper and stuffed it in the crotch
  of my panties to act as a pad. &nbsp;&nbsp;I was glad to leave the mall as
  all it did was make me more excited. 
* * * * * 
Even though I was home for the rest of the evening all I could think of was
  sex. &nbsp;Every show on TV seemed to get me excited now. &nbsp;If I had a
  good plausible reason for my husband I would have taken a cold shower to get
  my mind out of my pussy. &nbsp;I was glad to finally go to bed and just hoped
  that my husband was too tired from the days activities to want sex for I knew
  I would cum no matter what I tried. &nbsp;Luckily for me, he complied with
  my unstated wish. 
* * * * * 
I awoke slightly earlier than usual for even a workday though it was Sunday. &nbsp;Immediately
  I quietly rushed into the kitchen and brought the computer rapidly online. &nbsp;As
  I impatiently waited I kept rubbing my thighs together in delightful anticipation. &nbsp;However
  this was all for naught for when I accessed my email there was a message in
  my inbox from Mistress. &nbsp;I had checked my email late the night before
  but nothing was there so I looked at the time it was sent. &nbsp;It turned
  out she had sent it very early this morning. &nbsp;She wrote that she stayed
  up late and was going to sleep in today. &nbsp;The note continued that Mistress
  expected to be online early this evening and she was very sorry to have missed
  me this AM. &nbsp;Mistress did say that she was horny when she got home from
  being out and had cum thinking of her cute slut imagining us in a 69' where
  she could tongue-fuck my shaved pussy while I kissed and licked hers. &nbsp;I
  groaned wantonly at that thought and my thighs clenched together feeling the
  pleasure course through my loins. &nbsp;Mistress wrote that I could cum too
  if I wanted but only if I did something pleasing for her which would help further
  my training. &nbsp;It was utterly revolting what she wanted me to do but then
  she had said I did not have to. &nbsp;To cum I would have to finger myself
  while the index finger of my unused hand was fully buried in my ass. &nbsp;I
  was to write her immediately if I took her up on her offer as she might be
  off and on during the day and she was very interested in this activity assuming
  I willingly participated. &nbsp;Mistress wrote that she was going to bring
  me the joys and wonders of anal sex which did not always mean being fucked
  in the ass by a cock. &nbsp;&nbsp;I just could not do this and so my frustration
  continued to grow and I sobbed. 
* * * * * 
At least during Church my mind got off of my cunt but as soon as I was home
  again the thoughts came back with a vengeance. &nbsp;This day turned into almost
  a repeat of the day before except for two things. &nbsp;The first being I was
  prepared for wetting myself so I used liners today. &nbsp;The second was every
  time I focused on sex I thought of my finger implanted in the dirtiest place
  of my body. &nbsp;I still could not do it but I did notice I was leaking even
  more today so I had to change my liner a few times. &nbsp;All I could do was
  look forward to tonight. &nbsp;
* * * * * 
After clearing up the kitchen after dinner I finally had a chance to get back
  online. &nbsp;I had not written her during the day as I had not cum at all
  since I just could not do as she offered. &nbsp;Once online I accessed my email
  while bringing up a lonely messenger program. &nbsp;I had another message from
  Mistress. &nbsp;I hoped it was not bad news for me but it was. &nbsp;She said
  she would not be able to be online as she needed to see her Aunt who lived
  a few hours away. &nbsp;It seems her Aunt needed some help with some item or
  other and it had come up un-expectantly. &nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress let me know that
  she wrote this message from her Aunt's computer and that at the time of composition
  she noted I must not have taken her up on her offer. &nbsp;She said that was
  not a problem for her but that it may be for me. &nbsp;She recognized I must
  be frustrated at the moment but had written for me to be online at 5 the next
  morning as that is when she would be getting up for work. &nbsp;I felt disappointed
  but at least I would be able to chat with her tomorrow morning before I went
  to work and then my trip to Chicago . &nbsp;I still wanted to cum and I could
  feel my sexual energy just waiting to be released. 
When I went to bed that night I was hoping my husband did not want to make
  love as I knew I just could not hold back. &nbsp;It turned out he just wanted
  to go sleep and he did so almost right away. &nbsp;I lay there feeling the
  energy all bottled up in my pussy just wanting to burst out. &nbsp;This made
  me tense but at the same time I seemed to enjoy it so being on the edge. &nbsp;I
  knew that when Mistress finally did let me cum it would rock my entire being. &nbsp;&nbsp;My
  mind wandered to my trip tomorrow and again I let the fantasy of Karen dancing
  with me and kissing me lull me to sleep. 
* * * * * 
The next morning I got up just before 5. &nbsp;My husband typically did not
  get up until usually 6 as he did not have to go to work until later than me. &nbsp;He
  made sure the children got to school since I left for work by 6:30 . &nbsp;I
  would have to pack for my trip this morning and had mentally picked out the
  cocktail dress as agreed with Karen plus a business skirt and jacket for the
  following day. &nbsp;I decided that I would have to wear something over the
  dress to cover my shoulders as I was not into showing myself to potential clients,
  whereas Karen being sales was a bit more outgoing. &nbsp;I had a velvet half-jacket
  that would do just nicely without taking away from the dress at all so that
  would be packed to go with me. &nbsp;I would wear a pair of slacks and jacket
  today for going to work and then flying to Chicago . &nbsp;Typically when I
  went on a trip I would usually take a knee length pink cotton nightgown with
  a matching robe as sometimes the hotel rooms were really cold. &nbsp;As I thought
  of the clothes packing chore, Mistress came online as I had already been logged
  into messenger awaiting her. &nbsp;She began writing me immediately. 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Good Morning sue J 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Good
  Morning Mistress J 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So you did not take me up on my offer 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
  Mistress I just couldn't do it it is just so dirty and filty I am sorry and
  I hope you understand 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;sue it is not a problem for me but
  I suspect it was a problem for you as you are probably wanting to cum by now
  for sure 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress Your slut wants to cum badly 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Well sue maybe I will let you but
  first I think you need to remember to use lowercase when referring to yourself
  with me in order to maintain proper etiquette 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh
  so sorry Mistress i will not make that mistake again please forgive this oversight 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That I will sue just this time 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thank
  You Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Next time will call for discipline 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So you are getting ready for your
  trip I assume? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress I am 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I do hope to touch base with you late
  tonight say around 11 as that will give you time to be ready for me  would
  My slut like that? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh
  YES Mistress please do 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;And how will My insatiable bitch dress
  for her Mistress? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;naked
  Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress is not good enough to dress
  up for? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sorry
  Mistress slut did not mean that at all its just it would be hard for me to
  bring along a sexy nightie without maybe causing attention 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I assume you will be bringing business
  clothes and such but what about underneath, what will my sexslut wear underneath
  for Me ? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i
  did not think about that Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Do you have some time today to do
  a little shopping before you go? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress i guess so but i have to watch how much i spend 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I understand sue. &nbsp;Why don't
  you buy a sexy and slutty nightie just for you to use with your Mistress 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress that can be done 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Also get one of those black velvet
  choker items as I think it will help My slut to get used to the idea of a collar. &nbsp;What
  does My wet bitch think about that? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress the thought is making me wet 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My bitch was probably already wet
  and most likely has a puddle in her panties am I right? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  *blushing* 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes Mistress BITCH ! 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress so sorry please forgive me 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maybe I should not let you cum this
  morning 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Please
  No Mistress slut is so sorry and wants to please You 
At this time I was rutting the top of the chair with my thighs tightly closed
  feeling the pleasure build within my loins and spread throughout my now shaking
  frame. &nbsp;How could I be so stupid! 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;sue you are so sweet and cute plus
  new so I will only extract a little discipline 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Thank
  You Mistress J 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As I have said before sue, I am fair
  and do desire you as much as You seem to desire Me 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress i do 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I think it would be good for My slut
  to get slut panties also. &nbsp;Do you have black thong lace panties? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
  Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Well while you are out slut shopping
  get some for your trip. &nbsp;I want My slut to wear them on the way out and
  all the time while there. &nbsp;&nbsp;My bitch can change on the return so
  hubby will not find out J 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Also make sure you have matching sexy
  bras which I suspect you already have 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress Thank You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;One more thing sue 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress? 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Leave the dildo as you do not want
  to have it pulled out of your luggage during inspection 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh
  thank You Mistress for reminding me 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Well I need to go real soon for work 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mistress
  Please 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;What is wrong sexy one? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;bitch
  needs to cum Mistress 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh I forgot. &nbsp;Cum for Me right
  now you have 1 minute 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress oh Thank You 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Right now whore cum right now  you
  can leave the panties on 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress 
With that my hand went right inside my panties from the side of the crotch. &nbsp;It
  was all wet and leaking. &nbsp;My panties were soaked in the crotch from being
  on the edge for a while followed by this conversation. &nbsp;I started ramming
  my fingers in and using my other hand to feel my hardened nipples. &nbsp;I
  watched the kitchen clock and hurried to make sure I would be done in time. &nbsp;I
  thought of Karen taking me doggie style in the hotel room and this got me in
  the right frame of mind. &nbsp;I came just before the minute was up and it
  was so glorious. &nbsp;It took me about a minute to get over it and during
  this time I had closed my eyes with my head back. &nbsp;A blissful smile was
  over my face and my legs continued to shake with my fingers lodged in my soaking
  cunt . &nbsp;Finally I looked at the clock and saw two minutes had passed. &nbsp;I
  looked at the computer screen. 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Done? 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress in a minute as You commanded it just took me some time to recover
  Mistress sorry for not responding 
Mistress: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I suspected so *smiles and kisses*. &nbsp;Well
  tonight then. &nbsp;Bye 
Sue: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
  Mistress tonight bye 
With that she was gone. &nbsp;I removed my fingers and felt an urge to lick
  them but decided not to. &nbsp;However that thought triggered my body back
  into action and I could feel my clit start to swell again. &nbsp;My nipples
  were still rock hard. &nbsp;I realized that release was only a temporary one,
  damn! &nbsp;Well tonight would be wonderful! 
The Trip To Chicago 
I got ready for work. &nbsp;Today I decided to wear a pair of wool slacks
  with matching jacket. &nbsp;They both were dark grey with a light grey pinstripe. &nbsp;Underneath
  the jacket I was wearing a medium blue turtleneck which complimented my eye
  color. &nbsp;As to shoes I picked a pair of black leather ones with a wider
  one and a half inch heel. &nbsp;I had done my preliminary packing before going
  to work and since my house was located on the way to the airport I would pick
  up my bags when I left to travel from work. &nbsp;&nbsp;
* * * * * 
While at work I met up with Karen. &nbsp;We chatted about the holidays some. &nbsp;During
  our chat I mentally noted how beautiful she looked today in a very smart red
  pantsuit with black silk blouse. &nbsp;She had on 3 inch red leather heels
  which gave her a very statuesque look. &nbsp;We finished by going over some
  last minute items in preparation for the trip. &nbsp;&nbsp;As she had to drive
  near my house to go the airport a question was asked whether we should just
  take one car. &nbsp;I demurred as I told her I had to do some last minute shopping. &nbsp;She
  smiled and said that it was no problem and just an idea. &nbsp;&nbsp;With that
  we agreed to meet up at the airport. &nbsp;As I left her a fleeting image came
  to my mind of my most recent fantasy about her and it gave me a wonderful tingly
  feeling all over. 
* * * * * 
I left work at noon to do my shopping and then afterwards to grab my things
  at home and go to the airport for a 2:30PM flight. &nbsp;&nbsp;I went to the
  local mall and parked my car. &nbsp;Before leaving my car I ran the edge of
  my hand over my pants covered slit and felt a wave of pleasure sweep over me. &nbsp;I
  smiled at my naughty behavior and thought about late tonight online with Mistress. &nbsp;Hopefully
  my bedroom would be far enough away from Karen's so she would not hear me being
  up later. &nbsp;There was no reason to worry about getting up on time tomorrow
  as our meeting was not until 10AM and so I would push for a late breakfast. &nbsp;This
  would be my first alone' time with Mistress and I was really looking forward
  to it. &nbsp;I did not give any more worry to Karen being in the same relative
  area as hotel rooms, even suites, were heavily sound insulated now. &nbsp;I
  broke out of my thoughts of the future and went into the mall walking with
  a very upbeat step. 
After finding the Victoria Secrets store I went in to look at the negligees
  and thong panties. &nbsp;I passed by the area with garters but decided that
  the thigh high stockings would work just fine and make it easier for me to
  remove my panties when the time came. &nbsp;Besides Mistress would not be able
  to see me anyway so it really was just the idea of it all. &nbsp;I found a
  pack of very nice black lacey thongs that had a really small triangle in the
  front that were semi-sheer and made of a satin like fabric around the edges. &nbsp;I
  ran my fingers over the display model and I really liked the sexy feel and
  look of them. &nbsp;I picked them up to purchase. &nbsp;&nbsp;The next stop
  was at the nightwear display. 
This was a much more difficult choice. &nbsp;I knew I wanted black but there
  were many styles. &nbsp;I decided first to just choose the styles that were
  possible and then to check on my size availability as this is where I always
  ran into problems. &nbsp;Even then once having found the right size I usually
  had to do a quick check in the dressing room to make sure it would look right
  on me as some made me look like a little girl in women's clothes due to my
  physique. &nbsp;&nbsp;I found three that I liked but one was not available
  in my size. &nbsp;I took the other two to the dressing room. &nbsp;One was
  a babydoll and the other a very sheer blousy type negligee that was held up
  by going around behind the neck. &nbsp;I took off my jacket and sweater and
  tried on the babydoll . &nbsp;Even though I had to imagine it without the white
  bra I had on I was not that thrilled with it. &nbsp;I then tried on the other
  one. &nbsp;The back of it was open down to the small of my back and it ended
  just at the bottom of my crotch. &nbsp;I though how sexy that might look when
  I removed the panties to play and that excited me. &nbsp;I now looked at the
  front and it was open to the bottom of my breastbone showing the middle of
  my chest. &nbsp;It was close enough fitting that my small breasts pushed it
  out some so it did not make me look too flat. &nbsp;I did like the way it showed
  the space between my breasts though and thought of being licked right there
  slowly by Mistress as she looked at me. &nbsp;That sent a wave of delight through
  me. &nbsp;It was very sheer but the folds of it somewhat obscured my breasts
  which made it every sexy. &nbsp;The panties were fully sheer and of a bikini
  cut but I would not be wearing them for long. &nbsp;I decided on this one. 
After returning the babydoll to the rack I remembered about the choker. &nbsp;I
  decided to check if this store had what I needed and was rewarded with finding
  the exact item that Mistress described and so picked that up. &nbsp;I would
  have to go home and quickly cut and then re-sew the clasp in the rear as my
  neck was just too small for it even though it was their smallest. &nbsp;Happy
  that I found all that I needed I paid for it and left the store. &nbsp;As I
  was walking out of the mall I could feel a slight dampness between my legs
  and this made me blush slightly but I did enjoy it. &nbsp;What I would enjoy
  most of all though was being able to orgasm without being rushed and I knew
  I really needed and wanted that most of all. 
* * * * * 
As I drove home to finish packing for my trip my left hand rested between
  my legs and slowly rubbed up and down. &nbsp;I daydreamed about wearing my
  new clothes and this had the desired effect of making my menstruations more
  enjoyable. &nbsp;By the time I pulled up in front of my home my panties were
  bunched into my slit so that when I walked into the house the feeling was just
  heavenly. &nbsp;I thought about that for a moment and chuckled to myself for
  two weeks ago I would have been rearranging this ann oyance. 
Once inside I got my partially packed bag and put some final toiletries inside. &nbsp;I
  placed my cocktail dress and jacket I would wear with it inside nicely folded
  as I only wanted to take one bag. &nbsp;I picked out two sets of shoes to take
  with both being black heels but one being my tallest pair. &nbsp;I had not
  decided whether I would wear that pair to dinner or not but I definitely had
  made up my mind to wear them late tonight. &nbsp;This brought a devious smile
  to my face. &nbsp;I looked through my black bras and picked the strapless one
  plus two others that looked nice. &nbsp;I then took one pair of black thigh
  highs, one of the black bras and one thong. &nbsp;I put everything else I needed
  for the trip inside the bag and closed it. &nbsp;I had only one more thing
  to do and that was to change my underclothes. &nbsp;I striped naked and again
  looked in the mirror to inspect myself. &nbsp;My left hand found its way to
  my slit and I decided to rub at least once. &nbsp;This extracted a moan from
  me and I closed my eyes to savor the feeling. &nbsp;I decided to stop otherwise
  I would want to cum right now as I was keeping myself on the edge. &nbsp;I
  put on the bra and thigh highs first. &nbsp;Now I took the thong and put that
  on. &nbsp;It felt funny running up the crevice between my cheeks but I could
  deal with that. &nbsp;I looked at myself again and I thought I would look desirable
  to Mistress if I ever did meet her. &nbsp;Right then I remembered about the
  choker so I had to open the bag to get it out. &nbsp;I decided to take out
  the heels for my late date tonight and put them on while I adjusted the size
  of the choker. &nbsp;After putting on the heels I went to retrieve my sewing
  basket. 
Walking through the house in my sexy attire I felt so alive and wonderful. &nbsp;I
  tried to walk with a sexy sway and this had the effect of even making my nipples
  hard. &nbsp;I felt like such a slut! &nbsp;I got the sewing basket and sat
  down to my chore. &nbsp;I tried the chocker for size and then removed the clasp
  and cut it smaller. &nbsp;Making sure it was now an appropriate size I sewed
  the attachment mechanism back on. &nbsp;I decided to model it. &nbsp;I put
  it on and found a full length mirror. &nbsp;I was amazed at how sexy I looked
  and the overwhelming feeling of sexy submissiveness swept through my being. &nbsp;I
  so wished Mistress was here right now to see her bitch and fuck her. &nbsp;The
  power of that thought had the dual effect of making every part of my body yearn
  for sex while also making me turn a deeper shade of red. &nbsp;The feeling
  was so powerful that I had to take the choker off while kicking the shoes off. &nbsp;I
  knew that if I stayed dressed like that for even a minute longer I would have
  quickly found my dildo and got down on all fours and rammed it into me. &nbsp;I
  wanted her to use me so much that it is so hard to describe in words. &nbsp;I
  quickly put my work clothes from today back on with the new underclothes beneath. &nbsp;This
  had the effect of calming me down some but not too much. &nbsp;Hopefully I
  could calm myself further on the flight as I did have dinner tonight with the
  client and Karen. &nbsp;The last thing I needed to do was have my mind off
  business during this important dinner. &nbsp;I remembered that if everything
  went 100% according to plan we could walk away with a multi-million dollar
  deal. &nbsp;&nbsp;I checked to make sure I had everything and then left the
  house and drove to the airport. 
* * * * * 
After parking, checking in and then clearing security I saw Karen at the gate. &nbsp;She
  still looked breathtaking. &nbsp;She saw me and as I walked up to her she was
  smiling and almost it seemed, looking me over. &nbsp;I smiled in return and
  then felt self-conscious and looked down to regain my composure. &nbsp;&nbsp;When
  I looked back up everything seemed normal and we chatted. &nbsp;She had arranged
  that we would have seats together with our seats on the left side of the plane
  which had a two seat configuration. &nbsp;When it came time to board we both
  entered and she had me go first. &nbsp;I found our seats and put my bad in
  the overhead and sat next to the window. &nbsp;She stowed her bag and sat beside
  me. &nbsp;
After taking off we talked about the potential contract and other work items,
  including the latest gossip. &nbsp;She then talked about our dinner tonight
  with the client and let me know that there would three of them, all male. &nbsp;One
  would be the CFO who was in his early sixties while the other two were direct
  reports to him. &nbsp;Karen said they were all nice enough and the CFO would
  probably leer some but he was harmless. &nbsp;Her desire was that all the key
  business questions could be covered over dinner and the deal agreed to with
  the next day devoted to the details where that would be worked by his reports. &nbsp;She
  was so excited by the potential of the deal and us doing a little bit of the
  town that night that her left hand came to rest on top of my right laying on
  the armrest. &nbsp;She squeezed the back of my hand and I felt a rush of fear,
  discomfort and lust rapidly crest over me like waves of the ocean in that order. &nbsp;I
  had looked at her when she first did it and she was smiling, so hoping for
  success. &nbsp;However my glance grew furtive and I looked away feeling goosebumps
  all over my body. &nbsp;She said not to worry everything would go as pl ann
  ed and then she released my hand. &nbsp;
I thought I would feint when she let go like I was losing my air and could
  not breathe. &nbsp;It took a moment for me to regain my decorum although it
  seemed she did not notice at all. &nbsp;I could feel the thong inserted slightly
  into my slit and running along the space between both holes. &nbsp;Hot dampness
  radiated from my slit area. &nbsp;
The feeling passed in a moment and then we chatted for a bit more. &nbsp;Finally
  I decided to get a cat nap and feel asleep until we were on final approach. 
Dinner With A Choice 
Our flight arrived on time as expected. I was still a bit sexual tense from
  Karen putting her hand over mine earlier. Once at the gate she got up and got
  both of our bags down. I watched as she did so staring intently as her black
  blouse covering her endowment. As I relished the thought of reaching out and
  touching them I could feel the thong pull against me. Right away I wanted to
  be in the hotel room online with Mistress and her releasing me from my conservative
  and vanilla existence. 
Karen must have looked down for when my mind came back to reality I saw her
  staring at me and smiling then saying &ldquo;Time to go Sue.&rdquo; I must
  have blushed for a moment, feeling awkward, saying &ldquo;Sorry Karen I must
  have been daydreaming for a moment.&rdquo; I got up and she handed me the handle
  of my bag and we departed the plane and airport. She hailed down a cab and
  it took us to the hotel. 
* * * * * 
We were staying at the Marriott in downtown Chicago. Karen went over to the
  registration desk to check us in. I stood off to the side admiring the hotel
  d&eacute;cor while Karen chatted with the clerk. 
After completing the checkin process the clerk handed her a small Federal
  Express box that had been left for her. I asked her about it nonchalantly and
  Karen responded that it was duplicates of contractual materials as a precaution.
  The clerk gave Karen directions to the room and asked Karen and I if we needed
  help but Karen thanked her and said no. 
We got in the elevator and went to the designated floor. Karen walked towards
  the room, with me following, and then she opened the door and we both entered.
  The room was fabulous. We entered directly into what could be described as
  a combination living and meeting room with a built-in bar. The furniture was
  well-appointed and it gave the feeling of luxury overall. 
Karen turned to me and smiled and said her frequent hotel points did come
  in handy at times. I told her I was impressed. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s leave the
  bags here Sue and check out the suite&rdquo; she said. So we did just that
  shedding our coats onto the closest chair. 
Against the far side of the room from the entrance door was a series of windows
  letting in the last of the days light. Karen decided to go to the left side
  of the room first where there was one door that was ajar. Inside this room
  was the Master bedroom and an attached bath. The bed was King size with a large
  wooden headboard. The room was quite large and had a very beautiful stuffed
  armless chair to one side. There was a desk area and entertainment center also. 
The bathroom was richly appointed and besides having a walk-in shower that
  could fit at least three people comfortably, it also had a whirlpool tub that
  easily could fit two. I thought warmly of Karen and I in the tub for a fleeting
  second. 
Karen then led the way to the other side of the living room area. Here there
  was a small kitchen with all the amenities. There was some fruit and such left
  for us, definitely a nice touch. Following that room we went to the last one
  which was another bedroom. Not as big as the Master one but still a very good
  size hotel room by itself. It had a Queen bed and all the other standard fare.
  The attached bathroom was a large one for a single hotel room and had a full
  bath with integrated shower. 
At this point Karen turned to me and said &ldquo;How do you like it?&rdquo; &ldquo;It
  is phenomenal Karen, I really can&rsquo;t believe it.&rdquo; &ldquo;Well with
  all my traveling I do get lots of points and might as well use them&rdquo; she
  said while laughing. I then said I would take this room as it was her points
  and all and she thanked me for being understanding about it. 
It was now past 4:00 and we agreed we would be ready to go by 6:00 when they
  would pick us up down in the lobby for dinner. She said she still had a bunch
  of sales work to do plus get showered, dressed and such and so would be busy
  until we left for dinner. I said I had similar thing to do. With that Karen
  went to her room and retrieved my bag and went into mine closing the door behind
  me. 
I proceeded to unpack and hang my clothes up first. I left the negligee in
  the bad zippered up for the moment with the choker. I put my computer out on
  the desk and started it up. I took off my jacket and hung it up in the closet.
  While the laptop was still booting I went into the bathroom to take a pee. 
After closing the door, as I still needed even more privacy for my now perverted
  and humiliating behavior, I started to tremble some. I could not look at my
  face in the mirror as this was shameful on my part. I just stared at my slacks
  and watched my hands pull down them down to my knees. I marveled at the front
  of the thong with all my attention on the black &lsquo;V&rsquo; over my shaved
  crotch. I could feel the growing dampness inside. I looped my fingers on the
  band of the thong panties and slowly pulled them down. The crotch part stuck
  a bit inside my slit and I watched as it was pulled out as the panties descended
  down my thighs. The feeling was exquisite. 
I looked at my slit and a shudder ran through me. I sat down on the toilet
  and ran one finger from the bottom of my slit to the top and closed my eyes
  and moaned when my index finger ran over my now open hole and felt its wetness.
  I knew what was coming next as I had recently started doing this. I closed
  my eyes feeling my clit swell inside. 
My index finger traced my slit again to get me to the right point. My head
  feel down on my now heaving chest as I prepared myself for the coming emotional
  upheaval. The pee was making its way to come out and I began to cry softly. &ldquo;slut,
  whore, bitch, cunt&rdquo; I quietly said over and over as I began to strongly
  pee. I had been holding it back for as long as possible and now was the time.
  I felt a small but powerful wave of pleasure on my clit as I released the yellow
  stream into the bowl. I had stopped breathing as it came out in order to maximize
  the feeling since I was not supposed to cum so this was the best this piss
  slut could do. 
When I finished I felt the feeling subside but now I just kept sobbing and
  put my face in my hands and started to cry uncontrollably. I loved being such
  a disgusting thing and that is why I cried. I wished to myself, Mistress or
  Karen would come in and humiliate me while whipping my pussy for being such
  a filthy slut as thoughts of abuse and discipline made me feel good again. 
Once I recovered I put the sordid episode out of mind, or at least tried to
  but my clit I knew wanted more and so lightly but persistently reminded me.
  I did not dwell on what I had done for it would just make me feel shameful
  again and those feelings of shame always translated to me wanting to be used
  in lurid sexual ways by either Mistress or Karen. In fact if I left it to build
  I knew I would just get down on all fours and finger myself until I came preferring
  to do it in the bathroom to help enhance the degradation. Why this appealed
  to me and yet revolted me at the same time I could not fathom so the best was
  to try and forget it until next time the need arose. I pulled my clothes back
  to their proper position, cleaned up my face from the tears and went back into
  the bedroom. 
The computer was now fully booted and so I proceeded to go online. I brought
  up messenger while I accessed my email account. There were no new messages
  but surprisingly Mistress was online and she happily acknowledged my presence.
  I did the same feeling elated at my good fortune. 
She asked me how I was doing and I told her quite well and also informed her
  of the very nice accommodations I had. She was glad to hear of that. Mistress
  did want to know if I had gotten the requested items for this evening which
  I affirmed. This was followed by questions on how I currently was dressed with
  particular attention to my choice of underclothes. I told her of the thong
  and its unintended side effect of finding its way into my slit. She was very
  pleased with that and then wanted to know if I was currently wet. I blushingly
  told her yes and her unexpected response was &lsquo;Good and My slut will get
  to stay that way until tonight.&rsquo; 
The response deflated me some as I was hoping to get relief now. I tried to
  beg her to do otherwise but she would have none of it. I tried again and then
  the conversation took a surprising twist. 
Mistress:&#9;So My slut wants
  to cum now? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress i really
  do 
Mistress:&#9;Why should I let
  my bitch cum? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Mistress Your cunt has been a good girl 
Mistress:&#9;Sue I want to ask
  you a question and I want a REAL answer not a CHAT answer ok? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Ok Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;For this question
  you do not need to use Mistress but instead just use K or nothing at all ok? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes K 
This now had my mind racing
  as I could not ponder what she would ask me. 
Mistress:&#9;Sue if there was
  a choice between doing something now or doing something absolutely wonderful
  tonight what would you choose? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Put in those terms I would have to say tonight K 
Mistress:&#9;Good that is what
  I thought you would say, now for another ok? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Ok 
Mistress:&#9;If by some magical
  means I could be there with you tonight would you want to do something REAL
  or would you prefer just to do as we have been doing? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;I don&rsquo;t know K 
Mistress:&#9;Fair enough. I
  want you to think about that now as we are getting closer to a point where
  that question may some day be pertinent, do you agree? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes K I see where you are going 
Mistress:&#9;I do not want you
  to do something you will regret Sue 
Sue:&#9;&#9;I understand and thank you for that K 
Mistress:&#9;You are welcome
  Sue. I do treasure you too much for that to happen as I hope you understand. 
Sue:&#9;&#9;I understand K J  
Mistress:&#9;And if I was magically
  there we would need a &lsquo;safe&rsquo; word would we not as I described? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes we would K 
Mistress:&#9;And Sue why would
  we need that word 
Sue:&#9;&#9;I think to protect both you and I but am not completely sure 
Mistress:&#9;Actually you are
  right Sue for we both could get consumed with the moment could we not? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes we most definitely could J  
Mistress:&#9;Sue you are very
  special J  
Sue:&#9;&#9;Thank you K as are you J  
This interchange definitely made me consider such a potential future. I had
  to think a bit on this more. Could I really unleash my inner desires and soul
  to someone like K? I really did not know the answer but the business manager
  and engineer in me knowingly said that I must. 
While I considered this issue I noticed that she was letting me think about
  it. It became obvious she was not pressing at all and would wait for me to
  initiate conversation again. The issue was one of stepping over an abyss or
  achieving a higher plane. The further I considered it the more some things
  came to light. 
Sue:&#9;&#9;K can I ask you a question? 
Mistress:&#9;Yes Sue please
  do 
Sue:&#9;If we did do this for
  REAL what would stop it from becoming all consuming? 
Mistress:&#9;We would have to
  agree to some ground rules upfront 
Sue:&#9;&#9;But those are just rules K and rules can be broken 
Mistress:&#9;There would be
  repercussions spelled out 
Sue:&#9;&#9;What would they be then? 
Mistress:&#9;We would immediately
  end forever Sue for that is the only right choice, don&rsquo;t you see? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;K you are right that is the only choice. 
Mistress:&#9;Good I think we
  have covered this issue enough don&rsquo;t you think? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes K and Thank you J  
I still needed to make up my mind on this issue but it did help to properly
  focus it. I could indulge my desire but only under very controlled conditions
  and it seemed she could only do the same. Now I realized I was really controlling
  myself in a way to let me lose control and I needed to trust her absolutely.
  My compelling nature, if I ever chose to proceed for real, would still be one
  of emotional upheaval and torment followed by absolute bliss. It would initially
  have to be consensual followed by true reluctance and then strict humiliation
  and discipline. All of this would funnel into my personal viewpoint of degradation
  and then heaven. Could I indulge in what I abhorred? 
Mistress:&#9;sue? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress? 
Mistress:&#9;Let&rsquo;s continue
  then 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Take off your outer
  clothes 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
At this point I was wearing
  the thong, stockings and a bra. 
Mistress:&#9;I bet My slut looks
  very precious 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Oh Yes Mistress i dressed as You wished 
Mistress:&#9;And the thong is
  wet? 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Now like a good
  pleasing slut stand up for Me 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Pull the thong
  up as high as you can so it pulls against the inside of your pussy 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Now holding it
  so dance like the whore you want to be for Me 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
So I proceeded to bump and grind slowly while holding the thong so. I could
  feel myself getting hotter by the moment. My wetness now coated the crotch
  of the thong. I closed my eyes and swayed thinking of her watching me. A drop
  of liquid ran down my leg. I wanted to cum right now and I needed permission. 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Mistress may Your slut cum 
Mistress:&#9;No sue you cannot 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Why Mistress? Please! 
Mistress:&#9;Remember earlier
  we wait until tonight 
Sue:&#9;&#9;Yes Mistress 
I sat stewing for a moment. This was so unfair. Yet when I looked back over
  our conversation I realized I agreed to this. She then said she had to go and
  that this was part of my training to be very pleasing to her. I told her I
  wanted otherwise but wished to fully please her and so would wait. We then
  exchanged goodbyes until later that evening at 11. I did say I could be a bit
  late, and she said she would most definitely wait in an understanding way. 
It was now past 5 and I decided to get ready for the dinner. I took off my
  now soiled panties. I removed my bra and hose and went into the bathroom to
  take a shower. Hopefully this would calm me down some. 
During the shower I pondered further what K had said. It made sense and now
  I fully realized I would have to decide. I knew that once I decided I would
  still fight against it but the only way out then was to use the safe word for
  nothing else would stop the consuming desire of her or I. 
Finishing the shower I felt much better. I proceeded to do a quick shave of
  all areas of my body and then applied makeup and polish. As the polish dried
  on my toes and fingernails I went into the bedroom and laid out my clothes
  for the evening. 
My nails had dried and so I put on a fresh pair of thong panties and the strapless
  bra. The bra did look very attractive on me and on one level I wished Mistress
  could magically be here tonight. After donning the thigh highs I put on the
  dress. I definitely looked nice in the dress as my shoulders were made to look
  more attractive this way. Next were the heels and on a whim decided to wear
  the tallest pair. Finally I put on the velvet half jacket and jewelry and I
  was ready. I did look attractive I guess. 
It was now almost 6 so I called home and talked to the children and hubby.
  Everything was fine there and I told him I would call again tomorrow morning
  at his work number as it would be a late night and I would probably be sleeping
  in next morning. Having completed that I picked up my purse and left the room. 
 I went out to the living room. Karen came out of her room a moment later.
  She looked radiant and voluptuous. She did not have something covering her
  shoulders like I did. Her skin was olive colored and her flowing hair laid
  over her bare shoulders. The top of the dress seemed ready to burst at the
  seams and I could not help but notice the small show of cleavage at the top
  of it. The dress came to just below her knees and it fit her perfectly. To
  add to the overall effect she had on what must have been 3 inch stiletto heels
  so she was as tall as an average man. 
We both exchanged compliments and she came over and brushed her hand over
  my velvet jacket. It sent shivers through me even though she said she just
  wanted to feel the fabric. We made sure we had everything and headed out. 
* * * * * 
Dinner was at probably the poshest place I had ever been in. Everything was
  superb. The drive over had been uneventful with one of the underlings. When
  we arrived the other two gentlemen were already there in the bar. Karen was
  right in that the CFO was an old lecher but a harmless one. He constantly stared
  at Karen&rsquo;s cleavage and she made sure he always had a good view. His
  two managers kept the dinner meeting on track with various technical and pricing
  questions. 
When we reached the stage for dessert the CFO had a few business questions
  which I fielded and I could feel his eyes bore into the visible part of my
  body. However I must say he could salivate over me and yet absorb all the details
  of the points I made. As we finished dessert the CFO leaned back and countered
  Karen&rsquo;s proposal. I could see why she was a good salesperson as she immediately
  adopted the air of a negotiator and countered back. Within a couple of minutes
  the CFO sat straight up and said &ldquo;Deal&rdquo; holding out his hand for
  a shake. Karen deftly changed back into her ultra feminine role and held her
  hand out and he grasped it with his and kissed it. I was impressed we had just
  closed such a big deal seemingly without a hitch. The meal finished with the
  CFO saying we did not have to appear at their offices until noon when we would
  finalize the paperwork. 
He then asked what our plans were for the evening. Karen said we would be
  going to a upscale club she knew for a couple of drinks and then back to the
  hotel. He wished us well and then we left the restaurant by cab after Karen
  did a quick stop in the restroom. 
* * * * * 
The club she picked out was very upscale and dark. We sat at a booth table
  off of the dance floor. We took off our coats and I decided to take off my
  jacket so my shoulders were bare. She ordered a round of mixed drinks for us.
  I could tell she was very excited and had not expected it to wrap up so easily.
  It was now 9:30. 
Some men came over and tried to see if we needed company but Karen brushed
  them off. I was impressed with her air of authority in social situations like
  this. I was only able to project that level of authority when dealing with
  contractual and business issues. I had to admire her style and it made me even
  more attracted to her underlying dominance. 
We talked about our good fortune and such, including our luck in being able
  to sleep in later than we expected. As we talked I looked around the room and
  saw there were a fair number of people here even for a Monday night. There
  was a DJ playing songs and it was a good selection which had my right foot
  tapping to the beat. 
As we talked Karen would seemingly stare at me which made me a bit uncomfortable
  as I did not really like it when people stared directly at me like they were
  sizing me up. However by the time I was on my second drink I did not mind as
  much. 
I glanced at my watch and noticed the time was now near 10:20. I would have
  to find a way to get Karen to leave soon so I would be back by 11 for my evening &lsquo;date&rsquo;.
  I decided to act like I was a bit tired from the day and then to say maybe
  it was time to go which I subsequently did. Karen agreed but said we should
  at least get one dance in. On one level this made me squeamish as I was not
  one for being in the public eye but then my body did want to let off some energy. 
We waited to see what the next couple of songs were while Karen paid the tab
  after hailing the waitress. Just as she paid the waitress the DJ put on the
  classic from CC &amp; The Music Factory which I think is called &lsquo;Everybody
  Dance Now&rsquo;. We both looked at each other and smiled and decided to dance
  to this one although I was not sure. Karen was persistent and just grabbed
  my left hand in hers and led me to the floor. 
As she directed me between tables, leading me by the hand, I had this strange
  feeling of her being &lsquo;in charge&rsquo; and I could feel myself blush.
  I wanted to pull my hand away but could not. My legs seemed to feel a bit unsteady
  and I had this perception that everyone was watching us. This caused me to
  drop my eyes down to the floor and focus on her heels. A tingly feeling swept
  through me as I reached the edge of the dance floor. 
Once on the floor, Karen turned to face me smiling. Still holding my hand
  she began to sway to the music looking directly into my eyes, and seemingly
  my soul. Time seemed to stand still as I returned the gaze and then I saw her
  mouth open and say &ldquo;Dance!&rdquo; I began to dance with her and with
  this she let my hand go. It seemed to hang there is space for a moment and
  then I pulled it towards me while returning her smile. I know I blushed again. 
As we danced she never stopped from looking in my eyes. I dropped mine a bit
  to focus on her compelling lips. Once and a while my gaze would quickly drop
  to her bare upper chest and her heaving breasts. It was just so exciting and
  so I just concentrated on dancing with her as if the rest of the room disappeared.
  In fact, I began to dance more sensually for some reason and then I could feel
  warmth between my legs. Our dancing seemed to last forever. 
When the song finished she reached over and clasped both of my hands bringing
  her face closer to mine. She looked in my eyes and I in hers and she did a
  kiss into the air and said &ldquo;Great dancing Sue.&rdquo; I smiled, embarrassed,
  and said &ldquo;Thank You&rdquo; in a mumbling voice. She chuckled and said &ldquo;Time
  to go now.&rdquo; With that we returned to the table picking up our things
  and then found a waiting cab outside. 
Karen immediately opened the passenger side rear door and motioned for me
  to get in. I held onto the top of the door and sat down on the seat, swinging
  my legs in. As I did I expected her to close the door but when I looked up
  she was looking at my now exposed lower thighs due to the dress hiking up some.
  She then motioned for me to slide over which I did. Karen got in and closed
  the door telling the driver where to go. I pulled my knees together and placed
  my hands on my lap as the cab started to drive away. All I could do was stare
  at my hands which for some reason were shaking slightly. 
Upon arriving at the hotel Karen paid the driver. This time I opened my door
  and got out in a stilted fashion. I walked around the cab as Karen got out
  also. She broadly, yet sensually it seemed to me, smiled at me. I tried to
  smile back but in my mind I think I botched even that. She hooked her right
  arm around my left, clasping my hand in hers, and led us side by side into
  the hotel lobby chatting about &lsquo;Our Success.&rsquo; This continued right
  up to the elevator which was open and waiting. Still locked arm to arm we went
  into the elevator where she finally let go and hit the floor button. 
Our chat now became one of two close friends talking about our success and
  fun tonight. As we entered the main room of our suite she said we must celebrate
  our luck. I wondered what she meant as I removed my coat and jacket laying
  them on a nearby chair. She removed her coat and also laid it on a chair and
  went to her room while turning her head over her shoulder and saying to me &ldquo;Stay
  right there Sue&rdquo; with what seemed to be a sexy smile on her face. 
I did not know what to do so I just stood there feeling the awkwardness return
  to me which caused me to shiver slightly. After what seemed like an eternity,
  but was only a part of a minute, she returned with a bottle of champagne and
  two glasses. Walking towards me it seemed she was purposely swaying in a come-on
  kind of way. I did not really think about it much other than I thought she
  was incredible. 
I was standing near a table and she made her way to it saying &ldquo;Our success
  needs a toast.&rdquo; This broke me out of my self-induced spell and I laughed
  saying &ldquo;When did you plan this?&rdquo; &ldquo;When I went to the ladies
  room at the restaurant after we had the deal I called the front desk and had
  them deliver it to my room&rdquo; she replied. I marveled at her deception
  and laughed. 
I watched as she opened the bottle and poured out two drinks. She handed me
  mine seductively smiling and said &ldquo;To Success!&rdquo; I echoed the same
  and we drank until empty. She poured two more and we chatted about how good
  the year looked. As she held her glass I could see her watch and noticed it
  was almost ten after eleven. I would have to end this soon I thought. I said
  I was tired and yawned slightly and it was time for bed. She agreed and said
  she would leave the bottle in the fridge. Karen moved closer to me and leaned
  over and kissed my cheek as I stood transfixed. As she backed away she again
  said &ldquo;Thank You&rdquo; but in a very heartfelt way. I softly said &ldquo;Thank
  You Karen&rdquo; and we both smiled. With that I pulled myself away and was
  going to put down the glass but she told me to keep it and so I took it to
  my room with my coat plus jacket and closed the door as she walked to the kitchen. 
As I entered the room I had to pee badly. I flipped the on switch for the
  computer and unzipped the back of my dress after putting down the glass by
  the computer. I hurriedly took the dress off as I really needed to go. As I
  hung it up I remembered the choker for tonight and retrieved it from my bag.
  I went into the bathroom. 
On going in I turned on the lights and put down the choker on the counter
  near the toilet. I pulled down the thong and sat down and peed. The drinks
  had made me giddy and good inside. I reached over and got the choker marveling
  at it. I put it on as I sat. Upon finishing the emptying of my bladder I cleaned
  up and pulled the thong up while flushing the toilet. At that point as I went
  to wash my hands I looked in the mirror seeing myself in the strapless black
  bra with the choker while fully made up. At that point I thought I was very
  attractive and sexy. The combination of everything made me warm in my loins. 
I stepped back from the sink so I could see more of myself. I turned so I
  could get a rear view of myself and this brought a sense of exhilaration. I
  pulled myself away for marveling at how I looked, not mousy at all now, and
  went into the bedroom. I mimicked Karen&rsquo;s sensual walk as I would now
  have some long-awaited fun. 
As I got to the computer I proceeded to logon and then got worried that Karen
  might still be up walking around and that concerned me. I walked over to the
  door to listen and heard nothing and then got down on my knees to see under
  the door and noted the lights were out so she must be in her room. I got up
  and turned off my lights so that only the light of the computer screen provided
  visibility. 
I now sat down at the desk. I then remembered about the negligee but decided
  it was better now to see if Mistress was online as it was almost quarter after
  and besides if she wanted it on I could do it quickly. I brought up messenger
  first to make sure I did not leave her waiting too long. 
Mistress was online and warmly greeted me right away. I begged her forgiveness
  in being a bit late but she brushed it off saying it was not a problem. She
  wanted to know how the evening went and I gave her a quick synopsis of the
  success. As we did this I checked my email but it was empty. This was followed
  by a question on my attire. I described it in detail all the time pressing
  my thighs and squirming some on the chair as I was getting damp in anticipation.
  Mistress began then to become more forceful in her chatting. 
Mistress:&#9;So you sound beautiful
  sue 
Sue:&#9;Thank You Mistress J  
Mistress:&#9;I will let you
  know later how I am dressed J  
Sue:&#9;Oh Yes Mistress i would
  like to know J  
Mistress:&#9;How is the Collar
  My cute little bitch? 
Sue:&#9;i like it Mistress it
  looks very attractive 
Mistress:&#9;And would You like
  Me to be there to see it slut? 
Sue:&#9;Oh Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;And is My slut
  rubbing herself? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress *blushing* 
Mistress:&#9;Good I like a horny
  slut J  
Sue:&#9;Thank You Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Is My cunt wet
  now? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress very much
  so 
Mistress:&#9;Excellent! Now
  Please stop and listen 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress *pouts* 
Mistress:&#9;So sweet J  
Sue:&#9;Thank You Mistress J  
Mistress:&#9;A safe word is
  needed now in case things get carried away and so you need to pick one. Have
  you thought of one? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress - mouse 
Mistress:&#9;Good sue. Another
  thing is that whatever we do must never ever interfere or infringe on work
  or family and if it does it is over agreed? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;This is for your
  own protection sue so I hope you understand 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress i do 
Mistress:&#9;The reason I must
  stress the safe word and the ground rules about life outside of this is that
  we will now be going to a new level if you wish to proceed 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress understood 
Mistress:&#9;So far everything
  we have done can be forgotten with no harm to anyone agree? 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress 
Mistress:&#9;Have you thought
  about what I said earlier about maybe meeting 
Sue:&#9;Yes Mistress some 
Mistress:&#9;Good for maybe
  now there will be some magic 
Sue:&#9;Mistress? 
Right then an email arrived from Mistress. I was wondering what she was referring
  to with the &lsquo;magic&rsquo; as I opened the message. The message said the
  following: 
&lsquo;Dear Sue, 
Before you see the attachment read this message
  in its entirety. By now you have chosen a safe word and also we have set some
  mutually agreed to ground rules. These are most important depending on what
  transpires next. 
You must also understand that I am as enamored
  of you as you seem to be with me. Thus I do not want anything to be misinterpreted
  between us and if this is not meant to be then all is forgotten and returns
  to the way it was immediately. 
When I met you I came to realize that I admire
  you immensely, your wit, accomplishments, know-how, in fact everything about
  you. However something changed over time. I came to fantasize about you but
  as we all have fantasies it was no big deal. However one day I found you and
  discovered your fantasies. In fact our fantasies are closely aligned so much
  in fact that I have been able to prove it to myself and I think you have done
  the same yet do not yet realize it. 
Once I knew of our mutual affliction I had to decide
  what to do for myself. Living in frustration is hard when you wish to know
  and discover your inner self. I must reveal that for a few years I have been
  a Domme but in the last one I have been by myself due to work demands. All
  of these things conspired together so that one day I could not control one
  terrible thing I did. I spied on something and this in turn has set a number
  of things in motion. In fact Sue I spied on you in an innocent way but still
  it is something I am not happy about. This is what I mean by trust being something
  that must be there all the time yet it is a hard thing to do. 
 I found out about bondage.com and you. That is
  the extent of my spying but I feel strongly that I must tell you this for next
  I am going to ask you a question. When I ask you this question you have a chance
  to decide and whatever you decide is as it should be forever. 
Before I ask this question I want you to look at
  the attachment below with one caveat that if you are upset in any way there
  is another room booked for you and you alone in this hotel which you can go
  to immediately with the keycard on the table outside. 
Karen&rsquo; 
I jumped to the picture and it was of Karen. I was shocked. 
I sat there a moment letting a jumble of thoughts cascade over me. It seemed
  like my greatest wish had come true but also my greatest fear. I decided to
  reread the letter again. As I finished and began to assemble my thoughts and
  emotions I looked back at the messenger display and after a minute or so the
  conversation began anew. 
Mistress:&#9;Sue please forgive
  me for doing this 
I sat there a moment contemplating
  my response and then decided. 
Sue:&#9;Karen it is ok it just
  has made me uneasy 
Mistress:&#9;I understand and
  wish only the best for you 
Sue:&#9;I know 
Mistress:&#9;Do you remember
  everything we have talked about? 
Sue:&#9;Yes 
Mistress:&#9;Remember you can
  move out or stay with nothing happening and all this will be forgotten as best
  as can be 
Sue:&#9;I realize that Karen
  and thank you 
Mistress:&#9;If you decide to
  pursue then also know you can end it at anytime either by saying so afterwards
  or by the safe word 
Sue:&#9;I realize that also
  Karen 
Mistress:&#9;I think there has
  been enough said for the moment other than you must decide Sue 
Sue:&#9;I know 
Mistress:&#9;Once you decide
  then I will obey 
Sue:&#9;Yes 
Mistress:&#9;If you decide yes
  then until tomorrow morning at 10 you will be mine and I will &lsquo;own&rsquo; you
  do you understand? 
Sue:&#9;Yes I do 
Mistress:&#9;Ok then please
  decide now 
I sat there thinking of what I should do. I knew if I decided yes there would
  be no turning back, in fact she would not let me turn back unless I used the &lsquo;mouse.&rsquo; 
The First Night  
I sat there transfixed by the question of my future. My fingers slowly typed
  out on the keyboard &lsquo;YES.&rsquo; Karen replied a moment later writing &lsquo;You
  understand what this means Sue?&rsquo; I replied affirmatively. She then wrote &lsquo;I
  will meet you in the living room.&rsquo; I heard her bedroom door open a few
  moments later. I remembered thinking to myself &lsquo;What had I done?&rsquo;  
I could hear her heels clicking on the tiled floor around the edge of the
  living room. She was getting ever closer. My throat became tight and I felt
  like I couldn&rsquo;t breathe. I had replied yes to her question and now she
  was coming for me. There could be no turning back now but it seemed as if I
  was frozen in the chair.  
Her heels stopped making noise somewhere in the room. I could not get up.
  After what seemed like an eternity I heard her say &ldquo;Come out.&rdquo; I
  got up very slowly and almost stumbled to the door grabbing the handle to maintain
  my balance. I felt light-headed. I just held onto the handle with my other
  hand resting on my chest breathing deeply, trying to find my courage. Again
  I heard her speak to me saying &ldquo;Come out slut!&rdquo; in a more commanding
  way.  
The pace of my breathing increased with my chest rising and falling. I wanted
  to go but something held me back. Finally I heard her almost yell &ldquo;Slut!
  Come out NOW!&rdquo; I opened the door slowly and started to stand under the
  doorframe.  
The lights in the living room were on but I could not see her yet because
  of where I stood. She said &ldquo;I asked you to come out and you have not
  so there will be discipline for this and if you take any longer it will be
  harsh.&rdquo; I stepped slowly into the next room trying to keep my balance
  as my legs shook.  
I could now see her and she was beautiful, dressed in one of the ways my fantasy
  Domme would be. She had on a black lace corset that extended halfway down her
  hips and seemed to be shelved almost at the top only covering half of her exquisite
  breasts making them look much more voluptuous than usual and situated so that
  the top of the areoles were slightly visible. The corset had an integrated
  set of garters which were attached to black stockings. The panties were of
  a lace thong design also in black. Karen was still wearing the stiletto heels
  from earlier in the evening. Both of her hands rested on her hips with her
  elbow away from her body. She had pulled her brown flowing thick mane of wavy
  hair back into a ponytail so the overall effect was one of beauty and power.
  Her lips were placed in a slight smile as she seemed to examine me with her
  eyes although they remained focused on mine.  
&ldquo;Come on Sue, come out here where I can see you,&rdquo; she said as
  she stood over 10 feet away. I stepped out slowly for my legs still felt shaky. &ldquo;Hurry
  up slut,&rdquo; she said and I walked a bit faster almost turning my ankle
  in the heels. &ldquo;Stop there,&rdquo; was her next command as I reached the
  spot two feet in front of her.  
I was still trembling some and so self-conscious of myself that I had to now
  look down. I felt myself blushing terribly as I could feel the heat in my face.
  My arms hung limply at my sides&rsquo; palms facing inward and shaking slightly.
  I had thoughts of just running away and hiding from myself. I guess she could
  tell my discomfort for she reached out with her right hand, placing the fingers
  under my chin ever so gently, and nudging my face upwards to face hers. She
  then said ever so softly &ldquo;Remember the &lsquo;mouse&rsquo; my dear.&rdquo; I
  smiled as best as I could and felt a bit more at ease but still slightly shaking
  at times. I know the blushing did not dissipate as she continued &ldquo;You
  look so wonderful when you are embarrassed.&rdquo; With that I watched her
  eyes as it was my only point of focus now, seeing the warmth and forcefulness
  in them, as she moved a bit closer and leaned in and kissed me.  
My heart began pounding inside my chest. Her perfume was intoxicating and
  my head tilted slightly pushing forward to feel the soft pressure of her lips.
  I parted my lips slightly. Her tongue felt the parting of my lips and they
  spread farther apart for her penetration. I became absorbed in the moment,
  sighing softly, and then I realized she had moved her face away from mine even
  though I tried to keep contact but was foiled by her hand which held my chin
  in place. I opened my eyes and could see her smiling at me in a very teasing
  way. &ldquo;Very nice&rdquo; she said &ldquo;but it can wait for later.&rdquo; My
  heart still pounded and I felt like I had been put in a trance. Her hand traced
  the line of my jaw down my neck until it brushed against the velvet choker.
  I could hear her say, as if far away, how lovely the feel of it was. She then
  smiled in a different manner, almost a leering one, and said &ldquo;but My
  slut will look much better some day in a collar I think.&rdquo; I could feel
  my lungs pull in a deep breath.  
Her hand now parted from my skin and I missed the touch immediately. I yearned
  for her touch now. She told me to stand there. Her eyes seemed to examine me
  from head to foot. My eyes started to drop and the flushing of my skin occurred
  again as I felt hot in my face. &ldquo;Eyes up Susie&rdquo; she said sternly &ldquo;I
  did not tell you to drop your eyes did I?&rdquo; My eyes came up promptly at
  her command and the use of the name I had not heard since my youth. &ldquo;Yes
  you will be Susie when you are serving me for it suites a cute little slut
  don&rsquo;t you think&rdquo; she taunted. With a few words she took control
  of me and I willingly let her.  
&ldquo;Now I need to check out my property some don&rsquo;t you think?&rdquo; taunting
  me again. I trembled at the words of ownership and privilege. My new status
  seemed to affect my body more than I realized at the moment as proven by her
  a short time later. Putting her hands on her hips, elbows splayed out, she
  said &ldquo;Feet apart at a distance of one foot and hands clasped behind your
  head with elbow up and out slut&rdquo; was her next command. I must have gone
  slowly for immediately I was cowed into submission by the words &ldquo;NOW
  SLUT!&rdquo; When I had completed getting into the preferred position she acknowledged
  my accomplishment with the soothing &ldquo;Very good Susie.&rdquo; I smiled
  meekly. She told me to stay there for a moment and then turned and walked away
  into her bedroom. My eyes followed her admiring the way her body looked and
  moved from my vantage point.  
A few moments later she reappeared from the bedroom and began striding toward
  me. The clicking of her heels on the tiles echoing in my ears. Her hands were
  in front of her and they were holding something which took me a moment to focus
  on it. I felt a shock hit me as I realized it was a thin black leather dress
  belt that she had folded over, gripping the ends with each and. I guess the
  look of shock must have been evident in my expression for she cooed &ldquo;Do
  not worry pet nothing will happen to my Susie doll.&rdquo; She stopped in front
  of me. Her hands looped the belt one more time and the right hand held the
  end which had the buckle thus the other free end had two stiff strips of leather.
  My eyes were transfixed on hers. The free end of the belt then began tracing
  a line from just below my neck at the top of my breastbone down to the bottom
  of my rib cage. It continued following the left edge of my rib cage and started
  stroking the left side of my midsection. It sent shivers through my entire
  being. Her eyes held me still. Her other hand touched the front top of my right
  thigh and softly moved over the front of my crotch. I gasped and she smiled
  at the reaction. Her fingers slide between my slightly parted thighs until
  her palm rested against my pubic bone and then her entire hand clenched my
  womanhood in her hand hard and held me. I sucked in a gulp of air quickly and
  held it. Her fingers pushed upward against my panty covered slit. I softly
  moaned in reaction. She licked her lips and said &ldquo;Ah my Susie slut is
  damp how nice.&rdquo; I still believe to this day that I turned a shade of
  crimson.  
She now started slowly but forcefully pushing her fingers forward and up and
  then back and down. My legs tensed and I began to stand up on my toes. &ldquo;Stand
  still bitch&rdquo; her command came and I, in turn, settled back down on my
  feet. &ldquo;Good&rdquo; followed my reaction reinforcing my behavior. Her
  hand then left my sex and my lungs expelled the air in a ragged fashion showing
  my physical upheaval. Her left hand then rose to her face the tips of her fingers
  brought together as they came close to her nostrils. She inhaled deeply and
  then sighed saying &ldquo;Definitely a bitch in heat.&rdquo; A stern countenance
  replaced her smile and she said quizzically &ldquo;Who am I slut?&rdquo; Her
  eyes focused on mine waiting for an answer while the belt continued to stroke
  my side. Initially I was at a lose for words, my brain raced furiously to come
  to an answer, I was so close to tears for fear I would not know and then, without
  any prior contemplation, my mouth opened and said meekly in a whimpering tone &ldquo;MMMistress.&rdquo; &ldquo;Excellent&rdquo; was
  her quick retort and she smiled again as my throat continued to constrict on
  its own.  
The belt finally left my side and unfolded to the way she initially held it
  with both hands. The left hand then reached out and ran across my bra covered
  breasts from left to right and around the side of my ribcage as she walked
  around me running down my back and across the cheeks of my ass. I trembled
  at the touch and all I kept hearing her say was &ldquo;Very nice, very nice
  indeed.&rdquo;  
Finally she stood to the left of me but a little to the rear. Mistress then
  said &ldquo;My Susie needs to always remember I expect prompt obedience and
  if you remember you took too long coming out of your room when called.&rdquo; My
  mind remembered what she said about discipline and my body quickly tensed as
  she said &ldquo;Make sure you stand still for me slut.&rdquo; As soon as the
  word slut was out of her mouth I felt a sharp sting on both cheeks of my ass
  and the shock and pain immediately registered throughout my being. My hands
  came unclasped for a moment wanting to cover and comfort my stinging ass. &ldquo;Stop
  you stupid cunt!&rdquo; and her words caused my hands to stop their try at
  unclasping. &ldquo;Back in position NOW!&rdquo; caused my hands and arms to
  reassume position. &ldquo;Now we will do it again until you learn to do as
  I say&rdquo; and with that I felt another yet strongly sharper stinging on
  my right cheek extending slightly around my hip. The pain filled me and a muffled
  cry escaped my lips. What always struck me afterward though was a pair of tears
  that escaped from my eyes and the wetness that escaped my slit soiling my panties.
  I realized right then and there I was her slut and I enjoyed being humiliated
  by her. The embarrassment I felt was excruciating yet this seemed to make the
  hidden whore within me to come out. I whimpered.  
As the fear of my inner lust began to crush me the sound of her heels made
  me straighten to full attention. The sound seemed to walk away and then they
  closed on me and I felt her hands clasp my wrists and pull them down to my
  sides holding them still. I felt her hot breath on the back of my neck as her
  lips wisped across my hair. They came around to the side of my neck and nuzzled
  me. Her tongue flicked out and licked my neck eliciting a low moan from my
  throat. My wrists were released and the hands came around my front and cupped
  my bra covered breasts and palmed them. My body fell against hers as my head
  tilted so her tongue had better access to my neck. I could feel the wetness
  fill the crotch of my panties and I began to pant. My body had taken control
  of me and I wanted it to now.  
As one hand stayed on my bra the other slowly slide down my front into my
  panties. I spread my legs further even though I was internally appalled by
  my overt lust. Her fingers ran through my trimmed bush and touched my slit. &ldquo;Yes&rdquo; escaped
  my lips and then she said &ldquo;Yes what?&rdquo; I quickly blurted out &ldquo;Yes
  Mistress.&rdquo; Her mouth started sucking on my neck and then she said &ldquo;And
  what does Susie slut want Mistress to do?&rdquo; I could not believe my immediate
  response as it came out in between my pants as I said &ldquo;Please Mistress
  take your slut.&rdquo;  
Slowly she turned me around her finger finding its way into my hole. She continued
  to kiss my neck. Finally as I faced her, moaning now, her free hand reached
  around my head and grabbed a fist full of my hair. Holding a good handful the
  hand pulled my head back and she leaned her face down and started to lick my
  lips. The finger was tracing around the edges of my dripping hole. My legs
  were now shaking and my body trembled.  
&ldquo;Look at me&rdquo; she said and my eyes gazed at her now blurry vision.
  As I looked in those lustful eyes her lips met mine and her tongue stiffened
  and pushed its way into my mouth and tried to reach down my throat. I opened
  my mouth wide to let her take and own it. I began to suck on her tongue. This
  continued for what seemed like an eternity. All of a sudden the tongue came
  out leaving my mouth wide open and my head still pulled back. I was panting
  like a bitch in heat. I murmured &ldquo;Please!&rdquo;  
The exploration of my hole stopped and my hips tried to move to recapture
  the exquisite feeling. She laughed softly and said &ldquo;Show me what a slut
  you are Susie, show me by fucking my finger like the bitch you are.&rdquo; I
  started to softly cry as my hips started bucking on her finger faster and faster.
  My panting grew more frenzied and tears streamed down my face. &ldquo;Please
  Mistress pleaseeee&rdquo; came out of my mouth as I felt myself wanting to
  release and right then she released me, stepping back. I stood there still
  grinding my hips for a second longer. Finally realizing I was standing alone
  I felt ashamed at what she had led me to do. Before it could fully register
  and cause me to come apart she said &ldquo;Go get dressed in the pretty nightie
  you got for me and meet me in the bedroom.&rdquo; As I stood there trying to
  focus on her command she barked &ldquo;Now cunt and hurry up.&rdquo;  
She turned on her heel and walked into her bedroom. I quickly composed myself
  and hurriedly walked into mine. As I walked I realized my upper thighs were
  wet and some traces of my dirty leaking were running down one leg. I remember
  sobbing going into my room yet I now needed and wanted to be taken by her soon.  
I entered my bedroom totally shaken to my core. My emotions were so intense
  on both sides of the spectrum. My lust drove me forward to get my new negligee
  and go into the bathroom. My shame kept tears filling my eyes and my hand just
  wiped them away. I removed the choker and put it down. I striped out of my
  underclothes and just threw them on the floor, kicking off my shoes, and then
  sitting on the toiled lid. I pulled off the thigh highs. I took a wash cloth
  and cleaned up my thighs. Taking the panties from the nightie set I put them
  on careful not to touch my pulsating groin for I knew it would be too much
  for me. I pulled the negligee on and then went to the mirror and brushed my
  hair a few strokes. I reapplied my makeup as fast as I could and finally got
  my sobbing under control. Satisfied I looked alright I left my bedroom for
  hers.  
Walking through the living room I noticed the belt was still laying where
  she left it and I felt much better about that. Coming up to her bedroom the
  door was closed. I knocked on the door. Mistress said &ldquo;Only sluts may
  enter so if you are a slut then enter.&rdquo; I opened the door and stepped
  in. Karen was still dressed as before and she turned and looked at me disappointed.
  I did not know what was wrong. As I stood there she spat out &ldquo;Where is
  the choker slut? All sluts need their collars.&rdquo; I felt tears well up
  in my eyes and started to turn to retrieve the choker when she yelled &ldquo;STOP!&rdquo;  
I came to a halt and turned back towards her. She came over to me and put
  one hand inside the front opening of my negligee cupping my breast. Her fingers
  rubbed my hard nipple. I moaned as she smiled and then she twisted my nipple.
  I cried out in pain as she continued to smile and then she followed this by
  rubbing the nipple again. I was sobbing. Mistress said for me to go get the
  choker and the heels for as she put it she liked her slut in heels. Before
  letting me go she looked in my eyes and said &ldquo;Also I want you to lose
  the panties too, sluts don&rsquo;t get to wear panties to bed to get fucked
  now do they?&rdquo; I choked out &ldquo;No Mistress&rdquo; and then she let
  me go.  
I almost ran to my room while tears flowed freely. My pussy was still hot
  with desire. I pulled the panties off as fast as I could, throwing them on
  the bed while running into the bathroom to get the choker and heels. Once I
  completed my slut outfit I returned to her chamber. Entering I hoped nothing
  else would be found wrong.  
She was sitting in an armless desk chair in an open area near the bed. Her
  hand came up and one finger beckoned me over. I walked over to stand in front
  of her. Her hands came out and pulled my thighs apart so my feet were over
  two feet from one another. Her eyes assessed my outfit and she nodded approvingly.
  Mistress told me what a nice shaved cunt I had, appropriate for her little
  Susie, and this caused me to blush. She said a better view was called for as
  the negligee almost covered it so I was asked to lift it for her.  
I lifted the negligee as she requested. It felt so decadent yet so good. Her
  hands started running along the inside of my thighs. I could feel my slit getting
  all wet again as my hole was leaking once more. I whimpered as her hands slowly
  felt up my thigh until one of them started stroking between my legs. Her hand
  felt my shaven slit as she looked up at me and smiled. All I could do was moan
  in return. Her fingers started spreading my lips and my hips started rocking
  back and forth in return ever so slowly. My eyes kept examining her smile.
  I felt her index finger find its way inside me and my hips started grinding
  on it. I could feel it touch my swollen clitoris and I moaned loudly. Mistress
  started flicking my enlarged bud with her finger as the other hand stroked
  my inner thigh. All I could do was rut back and forth on her hand, sweat now
  forming on my body. All of a sudden she stopped and pulled the finger out.
  I watched as she sucked the finger clean in her mouth smiling at me all the
  time. I wanted.  
 As she finished licking her finger she said &ldquo;Now I need to warm you
  up some more my sweet Susie&rdquo; as she patted the tops of her thighs. I
  was confused on what she wanted. Mistress continued &ldquo;Lay over my lap
  Susie.&rsquo; I pulled my feet together and came around to face her lap. Her
  hand reached up behind my neck and pulled me over her lap. I grew tense. One
  hand draped over my back holding me still while the other lifted the negligee
  and softly felt my ass. It felt so good. I heard her then say &ldquo;Ask me
  to spank you Susie?&rdquo; I could not help myself and replied &ldquo;Please
  spank your slut Mistress&rdquo; and with that I felt the first barehanded hit.
  I felt so dirty and also so excited that I blurted out the same thing again
  and again each time followed by a hard smack. My ass burned but I felt so much
  better. My cunt was now dripping and my fluid was running down my thighs again.
  I wanted.  
Finally Mistress stopped and pulled me to a standing position with her in
  front of me. She took my hands and put them around her neck and hers went around
  my back with one hand resting on my hot and stinging rear. We then kissed passionately
  our hot tongues intertwining. Our hips started grinding against one another.
  Soft moans escaped from both of us our passion at equal heights. She finally
  broke our embrace and said &ldquo;You are wonderful sue.&rdquo; I felt so ecstatic.  
Karen pulled me over to the bed and had me lay down on my back with my head
  on the pillows. She had me stay there and before she left my side her hands
  ran over my breasts, nipples hardening further still as her touch, beginning
  to hurt almost at their swelling. I loved the feeling. Mistress then walked
  over to a drawer and came back with what I recognized as two leather cuffs
  and two lengths of rope. I grew fearful. She sat on one side of the bed and
  attached a cuff to my wrist then tying it to the one end of the headboard.
  Her hands again played with my breasts. I moaned and my hips started pushing
  up and down, fucking the empty air. Walking around to the other side of the
  bed she did the same to the other wrist. After completing she leaned down and
  our tongues met again. As she pulled away smiling my tongue continued to reach
  out for hers. I wanted her.  
Karen got up and went back over to the dresser as I watched her, her smile
  always in view. She proceeded to slowly undress until she was naked before
  me. My hips were still grinding the air as I could no longer control my wanton
  desires. Opening the drawer she reached in and pulled out an unusual harness.
  It looked like it had two protrusions attached to it one much larger than the
  other. I realized it was a strap-on with a dildo and then some type of insertion
  for her. It was all in black. Smiling all the time she put it on. My tongue
  kept licking my lips as I watched her insert her part after rubbing it a few
  times on her shaved slit. Finally she buckled it all into place and began to
  walk over to me, her cock swaying in front.  
Upon reaching the bed she pulled off my heels and threw them aside. She got
  up on the bed between my legs on her knees. Moving up to my loins her hand
  held her cock and started rubbing it over my slit. I moaned and moaned, my
  hips trying to reach for it. Mistress said &ldquo;Beg me to fuck you Susie.&rdquo; I
  am ashamed to admit that I did. I begged her to fuck her bitch and fuck her
  hard. I wanted her cock so badly. My hips tried to grind against her cock.
  She waited until the intensity of my lust was at an appropriate level and the
  cock was sufficiently wet. When those points were reached she inserted it in
  me. My pussy contracted around it trying to suck it in.  
I focused on her eyes the entire time. I could see her lust and she could
  see mine. Mistress said &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t cum slut until I say remember I
  control you cumming.&rdquo; In a wanton and raspy voice I said &ldquo;Yes Mistress
  please fuck me pleaseee.&rdquo; With that the cock was fully inserted. Her
  hands felt under my negligee and cupped my breasts, her fingers squeezing my
  nipples. I started fucking her cock as she fucked me. &ldquo;Take it slut,
  take it all&rdquo; she said. Our rhythms matched. My breathing was ragged.
  Sweat poured off of me. My head started thrashing back and forth. I cried out &ldquo;Fuck
  me Mistress fuck your bitch.&rdquo; This seemed to spur her on and her thrusts
  became shorter and harder as she said &ldquo;Good bitch take it all.&rdquo; I
  must have screamed out &ldquo;Cum I need to cum!&rdquo; She spat out for me
  to hold on a bit longer and I did, not knowing how. My hips were off the bed
  pushing hard against her thrusts. I just keep repeating &ldquo;Fuck the slut&rdquo; over
  and over as she kept repeating &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; Finally I was relieved to
  hear her say &ldquo;Cum for me sue cum for me NOW!&rdquo;  
My pussy seemed to grip her cock and not let it move. My back arched up off
  the bed. Her voice was straining, saying &ldquo;Push harder slut HARDER!&rdquo; My
  hips were already off the bed with my feet planted to give me balance. My wrists
  were pulling at my restraints, my arm muscles straining. Yelling she said &ldquo;NOW!&rdquo; I
  could feel my ass clench as the most wonderful orgasm filled my entire being.
  I cried out in ecstasy and heard her do moan loudly. It seemed to last forever
  as she continued to fuck me. I did not want it to end and it did not for she
  collapsed on me, kissing me passionately. I feel asleep still impaled and grinding
  on her cock ever so slowly, my pussy palpitating around it, feeling it, squeezing
  it, a feeling of total release filling my soul.  
The Next Morning 
I awoke sometime during the night. My wrists were no longer bound or cuffed.
  My pussy was no longer filled. Mistress Karen lay beside me, her legs over
  mine. Her head lay against mine with her arms about me one had inside the negligee
  cupping my breast. I could still feel the ownership choker around my neck.
  I sighed contentedly and fell back to sleep. 
* * * * * 
The next morning as the room brightened from the early sun I finally awoke
  for good. Glancing at the alarm clock I saw that I had slept longer than usual.
  Her hand still cupped my breast but her legs no longer wrapped within mine.
  I lay there contemplating the night before knowing that the end was not for
  a few more hours. As the torrid activities replayed in my mind I felt myself
  get excited. Her hand on my breast helped the effect and soon my nipples were
  hard and dampness permeated between my legs. 
I must have smiling for as I thought of touching my slit I turned to see if
  she was awake and Karen was staring at me also smiling. Her had squeezed my
  breast lightly and felt the hardened nipple. Still smiling at me she cooed &ldquo;Still
  hot Susie I see.&rdquo; I blushed, my eyes darting away from hers, and meekly
  saying &ldquo;Yes Mistress.&rdquo; &ldquo;Good I like that&rdquo; she said &ldquo;Go
  get us some coffee.&rdquo; 
Her hand pinched my nipple a bit and then released my breast. I pulled the
  covers off of me and sat up on the bed still feeling the pinch. As I was just
  getting ready to stand up she said &ldquo;One more thing&rdquo; and I turned
  my head towards her. &ldquo;The training still continues so go to your room,
  take off that nice negligee and put on the heels and thigh highs&rdquo; she
  said as she smiled &ldquo;My Susie will be my maid slut this morning, now go
  and hurry back.&rdquo; She finished by blowing me a kiss. I smiled and got
  up, retrieving my heels where she had thrown them and then leaving her bedroom. 
First I went to my bedroom and did my morning business. After cleaning up
  and making sure my makeup was alright I took off the negligee and put on the
  thigh highs from last night with the heels. I posed for the mirror and the
  first thought that came to my mind was &lsquo;slut.&rsquo; This made me feel
  all tingly inside yet at the same time I blushed feeling squeamish at my attire,
  or lack thereof. I broke away from these thoughts and went to make the coffee. 
I started making the coffee and I heard her call me using the Pet moniker.
  I decided I would not call back as she may take that the wrong way as she wanted
  me to be her maid. Walking to her bedroom I could feel the cool air in the
  room wash across my sensitive areas and it made them even more so excited.
  I just could not fathom why I was doing this but I knew I enjoyed it and this
  made me embarrassed again. I felt utterly shameful being a business manager
  and a nice conservative suburban mother. The thoughts of my debauchery brought
  water to my eyes but it seemed another part of me was in control. I entered
  the bedroom and waited just inside the threshold as I said &ldquo;Mistress&rdquo; to
  get her attention. 
Karen was still lying under the covers as her head turned to face me. She
  looked beautiful as she responded &ldquo;Pet make sure the Do No Disturb sign
  is on the door as I don&rsquo;t think you would want the help stepping here
  would you?&rdquo; I had not thought of that and felt a bit of fear of discovery.
  I said &ldquo;Yes Mistress thank you for reminding me.&rdquo; I started to
  turn to walk away and heard her say &ldquo;Stop Pet, I did not tell you to
  go just yet.&rdquo; I quickly reversed myself and replied &ldquo;Sorry Mistress
  is there anything else?&rdquo; Now seeming somewhat detached like I really
  was her maid she said &ldquo;Not at the moment although Pet you do look quite
  lovely that way so when you put the notice on the door don&rsquo;t try and
  cover yourself up&rdquo; and she waved me away. 
Turning and leaving the room I felt mortified. How was I going to put the
  notice on the door? I decided to look through the peephole and listen by the
  door, making sure no one was there and then I could crack open the door and
  put it on the handle. I did this and was able to complete it without discovery.
  When I finished and went back to the kitchen, I realized my slit was now wet.
  How mortifying indeed I thought, my body now wanted to exhibit itself and got
  excited doing so. At least the coffee was done to take my mind off of these
  depressing events and so I got a tray and placed our coffees on it with condiments
  and utensils. I carried the tray back to the bedroom being very much her maid. 
Upon entering the room she asked me to bring the tray over so she could make
  her coffee. I was to hold the tray for her while she did this resting on one
  elbow under the covers. One of her breasts had come out from underneath and
  I admired it. I did not realize she was admiring my body and noticed I was
  staring at hers until she said &ldquo;Put the tray down Pet and come and sit
  here on the bed beside me.&rdquo; I did as she asked putting the tray down
  on the dresser and coming over to her and sitting down on the bed. She had
  placed her coffee on the night table beside her before I returned. Her eyes
  seemed to pierce me as she said &ldquo;Pet seemed to like my breast from the
  way you were staring.&rdquo; 
I felt like a child being discovered doing something naughty and I guess it
  showed in my face. Mistress smiled and sat up against the headboard and said &ldquo;Since
  Pet admires them so much then suck them for your Mistress.&rdquo; It took a
  moment to register what she said and then I started to slowly lean in staring
  at the nearest areole and nipple. I must have taken too long for she reached
  up with her left hand, grabbing a fist full of my hair and jerking my head
  to the center of my attention exclaiming &ldquo;Come on Pet just suck it like
  a good bitch, let me hear you do it.&rdquo; My lips encircled her nipple and
  I started suckling her. She picked her coffee back up and held it with both
  hands sipping it as I eagerly sucked like a baby with a bottle making all the
  same noises. 
Mistress sat there running her hand through my hair as I kissed and sucked
  on her nipple. She started to moan very softly and then put the coffee cup
  down and roughly moved me to the other breast. I sucked hungrily on it as I
  looked at the first one and how large and hard the nipple had become. I could
  hear her moaning ever louder. She must not have been able to take any more
  of it for she lifted my head up and said &ldquo;Get up a moment Pet&rdquo; at
  which I stood up. I felt a fire between my legs as it was so erotic to have
  those breasts to my mouth. 
Her hand pulled the covers aside showing her naked beneath the sheets. Mistress
  pulled her legs up and then planted her feet apart so her hairless pussy was
  easily visible with its now puffy lips. Karen said &ldquo;Up on the bed slut
  on your knees by my feet.&rdquo; I did as she commanded. She then leaned forward
  and smiled saying &ldquo;Use both hands to play with yourself Pet.&rdquo; Both
  of my hands went down between my legs and started rubbing my slit. I seemed
  to be in another place as I could not focus on her but just on my hands pleasuring
  me. One of her hands then reached out and grabbed my hair, yanking me downward
  between her legs. I gasped at the suddenness. My arms started to move to prevent
  my face from smacking against her slit but she stopped that by saying &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t
  move your hands slut&rdquo; and she slowed the pace of my descent until my
  face was just inches from her. Her next command was &ldquo;Suck bitch.&rdquo; 
I slowly extended my tongue to taste her smooth shaven slit. As my tongue
  touched it her hand pushed my mouth directly against it and I heard her say &ldquo;Suck
  I said.&rdquo; My lips opened and surrounded a section of it as I caught the
  aroma of her and began sucking. I could hear her sigh. She adjusted her pelvis
  some to allow my mouth to suck the center of it and I did so. I could hear
  my slurping sounds and my hands began to rub my slit as a faster pace. She
  told me to adjust my knees and pelvis outward and downward which I did not
  knowing why she wished that but I soon found out. I heard her say &ldquo;Good
  Pet you are doing very good, now use one hand to spread your cunt and then
  finger with the other&rdquo; which I did. Now she said &ldquo;Very good Pet
  now I can watch you&rdquo; and then I realized she was looking in the mirror
  across from the bed over the dresser and could see her Pet masturbate for her
  pleasure. For some reason my one hand opened my lips wider and I inserted another
  finger from my other hand pumping in and out furiously. 
My mouth kept up the sucking motion for a bit and I could hear her moaning
  now. Her two hands held my head tightly against her crotch. Her pelvis started
  grinding against my face first slowly and then fast with more force. I was
  having trouble catching my breath as she said &ldquo;Put your tongue inside
  me Pet and don&rsquo;t you dare cum until I say.&rdquo; My tongue found the
  folds in her slit and slipped between tracing the back until it found her opening.
  As my tongue found it she cried out once and held my head more firmly, her
  hips rotating now allowing her to rut against my face. My tongue went inside
  and she began to hump it. I no longer needed to control my fingers as my hips
  bucked against my hand of their own accord. I could feel her wetness all over
  my face as she used me like a dildo. The muscles around her opening trying
  to squeeze my tongue and me obliging by straightening and extending it like
  a small cock. 
Her hips were moving now in a predictable motion which allowed me to breathe
  in between her thrusts. My leg muscles were beginning to cramp however I kept
  my position that she put me in. My fingers were all wet and my face was slick
  with her juices but I did not care as I wanted her to be pleased with me. These
  thoughts and actions made me ever more excited so I tried to avoid hitting
  my clitoris with my fingers adjusting ever so slightly. 
I was glad that she came fast otherwise I would not have been able to hold
  back myself. Her muscles tightened around my tongue as her body jerked once
  and a loud cry of &ldquo;Yes&rdquo; escaped her mouth. She held my head against
  her so tightly that I could not breathe for a moment and grew fearful that
  I would suffocate but finally she took the pressure off so I could catch a
  deep breath. After her body motions subsided she told me to get up and remove
  my fingers from my cunt. I wanted them to stay but dared not. I was now breathing
  in fits and starts as the excitement level within me was extremely high. My
  face was very flushed and wet all around my mouth. I did not want to look at
  myself in the mirror at all and see the tramp I was becoming. 
I got up and stood beside the bed as she started to rise. My body was so filled
  with sexual energy that I was trembling and breathing in fits and starts. My
  left hand rested on my chest and cupped my right tit. My right one started
  sliding down my abdomen and its fingers traced my slit. I must have moaned
  slightly for I can not remember myself. I wanted to cum so badly now. Karen
  looked at me and slapped my hand away from my slit hard, stinging it, saying &ldquo;What
  a filthy tramp you are Pet, I said no touching.&rdquo; I meekly replied &ldquo;Yes
  Mistress.&rdquo; She smiled at me and said &ldquo;We are not done yet Pet but
  you shouldn&rsquo;t have touched yourself.&rdquo; She continued by saying &ldquo;Go
  to my bathroom and get the strapon Pet.&rdquo; I paddled into the bedroom,
  lust consuming me, to get her cock. 
The strapon was laying on the counter. My right hand reached out and slowly
  felt it, tracing the outline of her cock. I shuddered. The harness was black
  leather with silver buckles and now I was able to get a better view of the
  inner piece. It looked devilish being smaller than the cock but have a wider
  knobby head. I could not envision that inside me but that did not matter as
  my left hand was now pinching my hard nipple over and over while my pelvis
  slowly gyrated of its own accord. 
As I stood there fantasizing about it I heard her say from the next room &ldquo;Hurry
  up slut and don&rsquo;t be playing with it as you are probably doing right
  now.&rdquo; I blushed and felt I had been caught turning to see if she was
  standing there watching me but she was not. I quickly picked it up and brought
  it to her all the time wanting to be used by her cock again. This brought an
  electric feeling to my loins and I could feel my wetness seep out of my slit
  and start to slide down my upper thighs. 
Mistress was now standing near the dresser and told me to stand in front of
  her. She took the harness and told me to spread my legs. My hands each cupped
  one of my breasts as she took the harness and started to put it on me. I trembled
  in anticipation not knowing what she had in mind. My eyes caught a quick glimpse
  of me in the mirror and I could see my decadency. My face as was matted with
  her fluids and I looked like a common slut wanting to be fucked. The embarrassment
  was so acute yet that is when both of my hand started pinching my nipples.
  Right then I felt the interior piece being pushed inside of me and I reacted
  by moaning. &ldquo;Such a delightful cumslut you are Susie, it slide right
  in&rdquo; she said chuckling. I turned very red as my flushed. She finished
  strapping it into place and the stood before me seeing me captured in her web
  of desire and smiled. 
Mistress then reached down and grabbed her cock and started pulling it, in
  turn pulling me by it. I could feel the inside part rubbing against my clit.
  I gasped in delight. As she pulled me along towards the bed I heard her laughingly
  saying &ldquo;Now I do not want you to cum Pet as this is for me not you.&rdquo; When
  we got to the bed she told me to lay down on my back. I did as she asked see
  the cock sticking out from crotch up into the air. My vaginal muscles started
  tightening around the inner cock. My chest heaved and I started whimpering
  some trying to control and prevent my release. She could see I was having trouble
  so she went and got the cuffs and put them on my wrists. My hips were starting
  to slightly buck. The wrists were attached together above my head and then
  attached to the headboard. I must have been quite a sight all in disarray and
  stretched out so while gyrating in the air. I did not care now as I wanted
  to cum. 
Sensing my dismay and distress she slapped each hardened nipple once. The
  pain was excruciating and I cried out with each hit but could not stop her.
  She said that should keep her slut under control for the moment and it seemed
  to quench my thirst for release for just a moment as I felt the pain in each
  nipple more than the pleasure emanating from my loins. She then proceeded to
  get up on the bed and I watched as she mounted me. She held the cock with one
  hand and steadied herself with the other. Rubbing the cock across her slit
  she made the head all wet so it glistened. It was such an exquisite sight seeing
  it slowly penetrate her, sliding between her now puffy lips. This made me even
  hotter watching the cock disappear in her as she said &ldquo;This is for me
  slut and remember you are not cum.&rdquo; 
Karen began to pump up and down on the black dildo cock all the time staring
  directly into my eyes watching me. I wanted to turn away and once my eyes did
  but she immediately said &ldquo;Watch me cum Pet.&rdquo; From then on my eyes
  looked at her luscious form, her bouncing breasts as she cupped them underneath
  and tweaked the nipples with her thumbs. I could feel her motion move the piece
  inside of me and my breathing rapidly increased. I was breathing in big gulps
  in and out; my face fully flushed; and sweat pouring off of me. My hips were
  rocking as I could not stop myself. She kept repeating &ldquo;Do not cum&rdquo; over
  and over and I tried so hard to concentrate on that to prevent my body from
  doing what it wished. However this seemed to be in vain as I started pleading
  with her in a strained voice saying &ldquo;Please&rdquo; over and over. When
  she thought I was getting too close she would slap my nipples again. After
  slapping them a few times they hurt so badly and I wanted them now to hurt,
  I wanted her to make them hurt. Finally she screamed out and came on top of
  me as my hips kept gyrating, my vaginal muscles squeezing, and my arms straining
  at the bondage. Mistress collapsed on top of me still holding the cock inside
  of her making the inner piece push against me more. 
She kissed me and then thanked me and slowly got off. Lying sideways on the
  middle of the bed she started to lick and suck her juices off the cock watching
  me, tempting me. My hips started to slowly grind against the strapon again
  and my face must have shown my utter distress trying to mouth please to her.
  Finally she finished cleaning up what she left behind and said &ldquo;Now for
  my Pet.&rdquo; 
First while I was still laying there, wrists bound, she detached the cock
  from the strapon. I did not realize this could be done. Placing it aside she
  released my cuffed wrists from the headboard although they were still bound
  to one another. Pulling me off the bed by my wrists she led me over to another
  part of the room and left me standing there for a moment. My thighs were pushing
  together clasping the knobby thing inside of me. I was moaning and whimpering.
  Sweat streaming down me, a look of utter desperation upon me. An armless chair
  was placed over five feet from a full length dressing mirror on the wall. I
  thought she was going to spank me again and the muscles of my soft but firm
  ass clenched causing me to moan more as this rippled inside my pussy. She commanded &ldquo;Wait
  Pet only a little bit more.&rdquo; I don&rsquo;t know how she was able to make
  me wait. 
Sitting me in the chair she separated my wrists and put them behind the back
  of the chair and attached them together again. My back arched and my breasts
  and nipples stood out even further. They were so hard and red now from her
  slapping. She smiled at my distress and degradation. Barely audible, I said &ldquo;Pleassssseeee.&rdquo; 
She undid the side buckles of the harness and had me sit up slightly so she
  could remove it. The inner piece left me with a slight popping noise but my
  muscles tried to retain it but losing this to her. Holding it up she sniffed
  it and told me what a delightful smell I had. I blushed even more furiously
  feeling the almost burning heat on my face as she placed it aside. Taking each
  of my heeled and stocking clad legs she attached the ankles using short pieces
  of rope to the back legs of the chair, spreading me some. I now saw myself
  in the mirror but could not focus on my face just the blurred image of myself
  still trying to squeeze the thing inside of me as if it was still there. &ldquo;One
  more moment my wet whore&rdquo; she said. 
I was now bound to the chair, rutting the seat without stopping, whimpering.
  She pulled another chair over beside the mirror facing towards me. She said
  that was her observer&rsquo;s chair. I could not fathom what she meant in my
  state of utter lust and nor did I care for all I wanted was to cum. She then
  took the harness and turned it upside down. Bringing it over to me she said &ldquo;Little
  sluts like Susie must learn how to clean up their mess.&rdquo; I was shocked. 
&ldquo;No Mistress NO!&rdquo; I said as it came ever closer. She said not
  a word but moved it so the crotch piece would lay over my head and the knobby
  cock would be stuck in my mouth. I could not do it. I closed my mouth and started
  to sob and cry. She said &ldquo;Open Susie and be my slut.&rdquo; I could not
  and turned my face aside. &ldquo;Ok&rdquo; she said and slapped my face once.
  It was not very hard but it burned and hurt. I kept crying, tears streaming
  down. Her hand reached out grabbing my hair, after placing the harness on my
  lap, so she could turn my head and then she slapped the other cheek. At that
  point my will broke and I whimpered softly &ldquo;yes.&rdquo; 
Taking the harness back in her hands she placed it over my head saying &ldquo;Open&rdquo; and
  I dutifully opened my mouth. It was big and hard to get inside but she pushed
  it in. Making sure the harness did not cut off my air supply she clasped it
  around my head. My eyes could see around the edges so the mirror and the observation
  chair were visible. I started to retch some. She went behind and freed my wrists
  from one another and brought them around to my front and reattached them together.
  The scent of my filth permeated my nostrils and I began drooling around the
  short thick cock behind the harness covering the middle of my face. Getting
  the bigger cock she put it in my hands and sat down in the observation chair,
  one hand starting to rub herself while the other played with a nipple. She
  then said &ldquo;Susie slut, fuck your cunt with the dildo for me and if you
  are good whore I will let you cum.&rdquo; 
I felt so humiliated and ashamed but I wanted to cum. I took the cock and
  aligned it on the center of my slit and just pushed it in. It felt wonderful.
  I started fucking myself and to my dismay started sucking hungrily the dirty
  cock in my mouth. I wanted to do this for her with all my desire. My cuffed
  wrists rammed it in and out. I could hear myself loudly sucking on my cock
  pacifier. The drool from my mouth was now running down between my breasts but
  I no longer cared. I could see myself now, the lust having fully consumed me.
  Mistress continued to finger herself, her pace increasing as I violently moved
  around on the chair. 
I tried to say please but all that came out was &ldquo;Pluhss.&rdquo; 
The pace of her fingers increased with now three insider of her. 
&ldquo;Pluhssss&rdquo; I said again. 
&ldquo;Almost&rdquo; she moaned. 
&ldquo;Plllluhhsss&rdquo; I barely got out. 
&ldquo;Cum NOW&rdquo; she said. 
My wrists implanted the dildo fully inside of me and my muscles gripped it
  solidly not letting go. My mouth, fully stuffed, sucked incessantly. I came
  violently and it seemed to last forever. I no longer watched Karen as I closed
  my eyes and savored the ecstasy consuming me. I heard her cry out as she came.
  I came again and again my body erupting in pleasure. 
The next thing I remember is the harness was being removed from me and she
  slowly pulled out the cock pacifier in order not to hurt my teeth. The dildo
  had already been removed. She untied me and removed the cuffs from my wrists.
  I limply sat there exhausted. She asked me if I could stand and I nodded yes.
  Picking me by under my arms she half carried me to the bed and laid me down
  taking off my heels. She pulled the covers over me. I was in a dreamlike heavenly
  state. My cunt continued to convulse from it torrid eruption. I could barely
  discern her in the room but she seemed to be cleaning everything up. Once finished
  I felt her crawl into the bed and hug me to her bosom. I feel asleep. 
A little while later she lovingly woke me with her kisses. She said we needed
  to think about getting ready. I murmured ok. She asked me if I could make it
  to the whirlpool bath and I nodded affirmatively. Again she half carried me
  into the bathroom now and sat me on the covered toilet. I could see her as
  if through a mist fill the bath with warm scented water. Coming over to me
  she removed my stockings with great care and affection. When done she led me
  into the bath with her and turned on the whirlpool. For some reason I could
  not feel the warmth of the water as I was still very hot. She had me sit beside
  her as she cuddled and washed me taking great care. I sighed contentedly. As
  she bathed me all over I could her speaking to me. She told me it was over
  and we would go have breakfast now after dressing and packing. She would dress
  me and pack for me while I got to rest some more on my bed. She said I should
  now think about this but not today, as we had work to accomplish. She told
  me how much I entranced her but now I was Sue her work partner and I should
  put all of this out of my mind for the moment. Finishing the bath she said &ldquo;I
  adore you Sue.&rdquo; My head nuzzled under her chin and I smiled. 
The Act of Submission  
The contract had been finalized as expected and the trip back was uneventful
  with nothing said about what had happened between us. I did find out though,
  when we checked out that the toys she had brought were actually shipped via
  overnight courier and sent back the same way so there would be no issue with
  airport security.  
The rest of that week and most of the next were also uneventful with nothing
  said other than one note a day later in my email saying what a wonderful time
  she had and expressing her hope that I felt the same which I did in my reply.
  From then on when I would go online she would not be there. This perplexed
  and worried me as I began to think she did not like me even though she had
  stated the opposite. I did not let this quiet time go to waste though as the
  memory of our encounter had an electric effect on me whenever I thought about
  it. I remember a few times when I was home early in the morning, before anyone
  arose, going to the downstairs office room and using my &lsquo;toy&rsquo;.
  Sometimes I would bring along a thin leather belt like she had and go into
  the bathroom to lean over the sink and strap my rear while using my dildo.
  It was not as good as when I was with her but it seemed to satisfy me for a
  day or so.  
During one session I found I could make myself release twice if I would lick
  clean and suck the dildo while fingering myself. This became the normal procedure
  from that point on. I also discovered that when I had sex with my husband that
  if I thought about her taking me right at the crucial point it would increase
  the intensity of the orgasm. I did know she was contemplating a new encounter
  that would have far-reaching ramifications for our relationship.  
* * * * *  
It had been arranged, at work, to have a subdued bachelor-ette party for one
  of our team members. The plan was to have a dinner after work on the 16 th of
  January and then to go to a club to celebrate her last days as a single. She
  was a much younger co-worker. I had arranged to have a member of my direct
  staff to pick me up in the morning and then drive me to the dinner and then
  home when we were done this way we did not have an entourage of cars to park
  as we went from place to place and she did live relatively close by. Karen
  expected to be at the nights festivities.  
Since we had come to the dinner directly from work I was still wearing a business
  outfit consisting of a burgundy jacket and knee-length skirt with a white cotton
  collared blouse that buttoned in the front. I was wearing white pantyhose,
  a white cross-your-heart bra and white bikini briefs with burgundy pumps. I
  did not anticipate anything out of the ordinary occurring so a conservative
  outfit was in order.  
The dinner was quite fun as there were quite a few of us girls there. The
  conversation was enjoyable with many jokes and stories being passed around.
  When we had finished dinner we all drove to a nearby club and I stayed with
  my ride for the day whereas Karen had driven herself.  
We found a table for the group of us and continued with our conversation although
  now we were getting a bit more boisterous with the alcohol having its desired
  tongue-freeing effect. During the first hour of our time there I had to go
  to the Ladies Room. After taking a pee and washing up I was fixing my makeup
  at the mirror. The room was empty except for me when Karen happened to come
  in. We looked at each other and smiled with me returning to my task. Unknowing
  to me she did a quick scan of the room to make sure no one else was there.
  Once assured she came over to where I was standing to complement me on how
  cute I looked. I blushed at her remark. Right then she turned me towards her
  and leaned down and kissed me on my lips. I returned the kiss with unbridled
  passion but it did not last long as she pushed me away slightly and asked me
  how her Pet was doing. I stammered, eyes looking downward, that I was quite
  good. She then said &ldquo;Mistress is pleased Pet that you are chipper.&rdquo; My
  heart started racing and my face became flushed.  
She sensed my reactions and asked if I would like to leave with her in a few
  minutes noting that she could drive me home that evening with no one the wiser
  on our liaison. I blurted out that I would like that so much and so she smiled
  and said that would be our plan with her feigning tiredness and then I doing
  the same and asking her for a ride. My previous driver, being single, younger
  and more party oriented would welcome the opportunity to stay and maybe meet
  a man for the evening. We then left the room and returned to the table to put
  the plan in motion.  
The plan went off without a hitch, no one being the wiser, and after goodbyes
  and congratulations to the bride to be, we walked out of the club. We walked
  to her car, which was parked on the street a block away, and she didn&rsquo;t
  say a word. When we got inside she turned to me and said &ldquo;Come closer.&rdquo; I
  leaned toward her and her hand reached behind my head, taking a fistful of
  hair, and roughly pulled me towards her waiting lips. Her tongue shot inside
  my mouth and I melted at her assault with a moan escaping from my throat. After
  what seemed like and eternity but was actually only a few seconds she let go,
  withdrawing her tongue, and smiled. She put the car in gear and we drove off.
  My body was shaking from her rough advance and I could feel a tingly sensation
  in my loins.  
As we were driving in the dark she said &ldquo;Pull up your skirt Pet&rdquo; without
  taking her eyes off the road. I was not sure what to do but decided I better
  do as she commanded and so pulled it up to mid thigh. I heard her say &ldquo;Up
  to your waist Pet.&rdquo; I really did not want to do this while driving and
  pleaded &ldquo;Not here Mistress Please?&rdquo; Ever so quickly she pulled
  over to the side of the road and turned to me and slapped me saying &ldquo;Are
  you my slut Susie? Doesn&rsquo;t my slut want her Mistress to fuck her?&rdquo; Shaking
  uncontrollably at her verbal tirade I said in a quaking voice &ldquo;Yes Mistress.&rdquo; Immediately
  she said &ldquo;Tell me who you are Susie and what you want.&rdquo; I started
  sobbing now and I could feel dampness between my legs with my nipples hardening
  as I replied &ldquo;Susie if your slut Mistress and wants Mistress to fuck
  her like the slut she is.&rdquo; I could feel a tear run down my face as she
  said &ldquo;Good slut now pull the skirt up.&rdquo; I pulled it up to my waist.  
She looked down at my white pantyhose and chuckled as she said &ldquo;My,
  what a conservative woman you are slut in your nice pantyhose and all.&rdquo; Her
  right hand reached over and cupped my crotch, her fingers pressing hard against
  it. I let out an animal moan as she chuckled again saying &ldquo;Damp already
  slut, I think we will have a good time for a couple of hours.&rdquo; Her hand
  went back to the steering wheel and she started driving again. I sat there
  with my legs spread and my skirt pulled up. She told me to rub myself through
  the pantyhose and tell me what I had been doing by myself this past week.  
My hands reacted to her command and one started rubbing my crotch as the other
  stroked my thigh. I could feel more tears fall from my eyes and I did not say
  anything as I was ashamed now of the things I had been doing to myself. After
  she waited a bit she said &ldquo;Tell me or I will slap the shit out of you
  slut.&rdquo; Sobbing I told her all the sordid details. As I told her I started
  rubbing myself harder and began moaning. I thought how could I be doing this?  
As we pulled up into the driveway in front of her house she told me to stop.
  She had me lean over and told me she understood how this was affecting me.
  After giving me a warm tender hug, she kissed my neck which made me sigh and
  then told me to straighten up for we would now have some fun. As an after thought,
  she reminded me of the &lsquo;mouse&rsquo;.  
We got out of the car and went in. Once inside she told me to go freshen up
  some while she got us some wine. I was glad she had done that for I needed
  to regain my composure and I really wanted to be desirable for her. After finishing
  what I needed to do in the first floor bathroom I came out into the living
  room.  
Karen, my Mistress, was lounging on the sofa and looked radiant. Before I
  could get too far into the room she told me to stop and stand still. I did
  as she asked and remembered from our previous encounter to continue to look
  at her. She was still wearing her business suit although she had taken off
  her jacket. She had on a red silk blouse and a black skirt with nude nylons.
  The skirt had ridden up some showing a wider expanse of her luscious thighs.
  She was wearing black patent leather pumps. In her hand she was holding a glass
  of wine and I noticed what must have been mine on the edge of a long coffee
  table standing a foot and half off the carpeted floor. Her hair flowed around
  her face giving an air of soft sensuality.  
She had me remove my jacket and place it on a nearby chair before returning
  to the same spot. She wanted to pose for her at various angles which I did.
  I could still feel the dampness of my panties from my episode in the car. After
  directing me in various ways she had me face her again except this time on
  my knees. I did as she commanded. Karen directed my attention to a beautifully
  decorated box on the table slight away from my drink. She told me to go over
  to the table and take a sip of my drink. Once I had done that, walking on my
  knees, she then told me to open the box. I did as she requested wondering what
  was inside. Upon opening it I found a black leather one inch wide collar with
  a silver buckle for fastening and a silver O ring in the front. I looked at
  it in my hands contemplating what it entailed.  
Mistress said &ldquo;Susie if you want to be my cherished one then you must
  agree to wear a token of my ownership of you.&rdquo; Continuing she said &ldquo;This
  collar represents that ownership and so you must now choose whether you wish
  to go further and if your answer is yes then put on my collar of ownership.&rdquo; I
  thought about this for a moment, looking at this slight thing which could change
  me forever. I decided, or rather it seemed my body decided, to put it on and
  so taking it I fastened it around my thin neck. Upon completing this ritual
  I felt a tremor run through my entire body and come to rest in my loins. A
  fire was arising there and I knew I could not quench it easily, rather only
  through her could it be sated. For some reason I was overcome with this feeling
  of completeness.  
I could no longer bring my eyes from their downcast position and yet she did
  not ask me to do so either. Karen got to her feet and walked by me into the
  kitchen. A few moments later she returned and stopped behind my prone position.
  I then felt her hands grab each of my upper arms and pull me to a standing
  position. Once standing she proceeded to take each of my arms and put a cuff
  around both the wrist and elbow. Being satisfied that they were not too tight
  or too loose I felt her draw my wrists together and heard a metallic sound.
  I realized my wrists were now attached together. Next she took my elbows and
  started to pull them together behind me saying &ldquo;No need to worry Susie
  this will not hurt but may be uncomfortable for a bit.&rdquo; I could feel
  the power of her grip as she tried to get them as close as possible, stopping
  only when I grunted. At that point I heard another metallic snap and found
  that I no longer could move them. My eyes, already downcast, could see my chest
  thrust out making my small and meager breasts seem more plentiful and abundant.  
Her hands now reached around me as her lips started nuzzling my neck. Her
  hot breath excited me and I could feel her fingers undo my blouse in the front.
  I was becoming delirious with the sensations enveloping me and felt like putty
  in her grasp. She only undid half the buttons and then reached inside and pushed
  my bra up over my breasts. Her fingers from both hands started pinching and
  twisting my nipples starting to hurt them. I must have moved slightly away
  to avoid the pain for then she threw me down, yelling &ldquo;Bitch&rdquo;,
  onto the sofa so I landed in skewed sitting position. Immediately she was sitting
  beside me and her mouth reached down found a hard nipple. She bit it and I
  screamed trying to pull back. Letting go she looked down upon me and wickedly
  smiled. Quickly she wrapped her arm around my shoulders and pulled me over
  her knee. I tried to fight back but her grip was firm. Holding me down with
  one arm the other hand hiked up my skirt and then grabbed hold of the top of
  the panty hose and panties and pulled them down to the top of my thighs exposing
  my quivering ass.  
&ldquo;Your ass is mine bitch&rdquo; she said and proceeded to spank me ferociously.
  Tears streamed down my face from the relentless assault. She must have spanked
  me more than ten times extremely hard. I loudly sobbed. My cheeks felt like
  they were on fire but then that sensation changed to one of hot warmth. I then
  felt her hand reach under my crotch and a finger slide between my lips. I moaned.
  Laughingly she exclaimed &ldquo;My Susie slut is all wet with such a red ass
  what a coincidence .&rdquo; The pain of my degradation was evident in the hot
  flushing throughout my body. The most humiliating thing had to be my hips trying
  to gyrate on her finger.  
She pushed me off of her lap onto the floor so I landed sideways. My emotions
  now controlled me and I so wanted her to abuse this poor dirty slut to punish
  her. Getting up she went back into the kitchen returning quickly. She held
  a long leather thin strap. A fear gripped me making me immobile. I thought
  she was going to beat me with it. Little did I know what she had in mind?  
Standing over me she commanded &ldquo;Stand slut!&rdquo; I did as quickly
  as I could, hoping she would not punish me again but at the same time wanting
  her to. When I had finally stood, I saw her hand come quickly up and heard
  another metallic click. My fear of her punishment was nothing compared to what
  I felt now. Mistress had attached a leash to the collar. She pulled it, yanking
  me forward, saying &ldquo;Mistress now has a cute little Susie bitch.&rdquo; I
  wanted to crawl up in a ball and hide for the humiliation permeating me was
  so great being collared, leashed, and my panties pulled down to my thighs with
  my pussy leaking down my thighs. I wanted to cum.  
Pulling the leash she directed me up the stairs to her bedroom and I dutifully
  followed like her doggy bitch. At the top of the stairs in the hallway she
  stopped. She let the leash fall from her hands and turned me around. The hallway
  lights were extremely bright. I could feel her undo the wrist and elbow cuff
  attachments so my arms were free. She also removed the elbow cuffs completely.
  Coming around to my front she told me to strip and leave my clothes right there
  since &ldquo;bitches did not wear clothes.&rdquo; I did as she wanted pulling
  everything off until I was naked except for the wrist cuffs and collar with
  leash still attached. My skin could feel the cool air around it and the wet
  part of my thighs and slit felt a distinct chill.  
Standing in front of me her hand again took the end of the leash while she
  said &ldquo;Crawl like a bitch on all fours.&rdquo; I got down on my hands
  and knees and she walked me like her dog down the hallway. The leaking from
  my pussy continued for I was her bitch in heat. What was truly embarrassing
  was when she told me to shake my ass so my scent would attract a big cock for
  slut bitches like me needed to make sure they got fucked hard and often. Her
  talking to me this way had its desired effect and I started wiggling my wet
  cunt so I could get fucked. I knew my sordid scent was filling the hallway.  
Once in the bedroom she had me crawl to the bed and get up on it still on
  all fours. She then attached my wrist cuffs right against the collar O ring
  so I rested on my hands. Taking a long rope she ran it through the O ring and
  attached it the frame on each side of the bed pulling my head down onto the
  mattress. Finishing off her plan she wrapped the leash around the headboard
  so I could see it in front of me. She told me how nice a doggy bitch I was
  and had me lick her palm like her dog. I did so slowly and sensuously as I
  wanted her to be pleased with her bitch so she would want to fuck me hard.
  I found I could not move my head from the place it rested upon.  
Going over to her dresser she brought over four more cuffs. Taking them she
  attached one set to my thighs and the other set to my ankles. I whimpered in
  anticipation shaking my ass for her to keep her interested in wanting me. She
  told me how pleased she was with her cute bitch. Next she went to a closet
  which I could not see. I heard some metallic clicking and then felt something
  being attached to one of the ankle cuffs. She adjusted my knee so it stretched
  out more from the other. Moving around the bed she did the same with the other
  and then I realized she had attached a spreader bar to separate my legs to
  a span of three feet at the ankles. My knees started to slip some and she slapped
  my ass hard telling to pull my knees up more so they were under me. This had
  the result of my ass sticking up in the air. Mistress then looped more rope
  through each thigh cuff and attached them securely to the frame and also attached
  a rope connecting the thigh cuffs together so I my rear was stuck in the air.
  I now realized I could not move at all, forward or backward, and nor could
  I stretch out. I had been bound so I could be fucked like her dog. It was then
  I saw my reflection in the mirror above the dresser causing my vaginal muscles
  to start contracting on their own and my hole to open full visible as my lips
  were puffy and spread. My juices continued to leak out of my open orifice of
  pleasure.  
Mistress then stroked my back saying what a good wet bitch I was. I whimpered
  and sighed. She asked &ldquo;Does Susie-bitch want to be fucked?&rdquo; All
  I could do was moan and my back arched at her tender touch. Mistress reiterated &ldquo;Does
  Susie, the dog bitch, want to be fucked by her Mistress?&rdquo; I moaned louder,
  my ass sticking higher off the bed and my hole fully open feeling the air in
  the room, and choked out &ldquo;Please Mistress fuck Susie doggy bitch please!&rdquo; She
  nodded her approval and went to the closet that I could not see. As she did
  so, she said &ldquo;Keep telling Mistress, Susie doggy bitch, how you want
  to be fucked.&rdquo; I began to beg and plead for my Mistress to lay open her
  doggy bitch and as I did so my gyrating loins feeling the exquisite sensation
  of impending pleasure move through my body. I kept getting louder and louder
  calling Mistress to take her bitch in heat.  
Finally Mistress stepped out from the closet area over to where I could see
  her. She had taken a seemingly long time and now I knew why. She had taken
  off her clothes and put on a harness with a strapon. This strapon though was
  not the same as the one she used before. It was slightly wider although still
  black. The thing that made me gasp was that is very long, much longer than
  any man I had ever had before. It must have been 9 inches and it stood straight
  out with a curve like an erect male.  
Turning to me she said &ldquo;So do you like my cock doggy bitch?&rdquo; I
  immediately blurted out &ldquo;Please Mistress not that one please.&rdquo; She
  did not respond and instead got up on the bed between my legs. I was spread
  so wide for her there was nothing I could do to stop her. I watched with fascination
  and trepidation as she held the cock and slowly let the tip rub against my
  open slit. I moaned over and over and she rubbed the tip with more force against
  me. My hips tried to grind backwards against it. I could feel my hole trying
  to grab it and suck it in. She smiled in the mirror at me and said &ldquo;Come
  on now doggy bitch tell Mistress how much Susie wants this.&rdquo; I could
  not resist her charms and my ever increasing lust. Gasping for air I choked
  out &ldquo;Please fuck Susie bitch Mistress please fuck the doggy bitch hard
  please oh pleasssseeee.&rdquo; As I finished begging for my reward she began
  pushing it in. It smoothly found its way home as I so wet and my pussy had
  opened wide inviting it in. I felt it push up against me inside as she buried
  it in my cunt.  
Mistress had been holding the cock to get it correctly positioned but once
  partially inside her hands grabbed my hips and began pumping. I was enthralled
  by my reaction to this which was to try and hump against her at the same time
  moaning in utter abandon. Mistress reached out with both hands positioning
  them on my shoulders for leverage and all I could was scream &ldquo;Yesssssss&rdquo; like
  a common whore as I felt her cock bury itself deeply inside me.  
It was just as I envisioned only a few weeks ago. I could see my beautiful
  Mistress taking me like the bitch I needed and wanted to be. Her globular breasts
  hung down swaying in motion with her hard thrusts. My shoulders felt her strong
  grip with each assault. Mistress&rsquo;s cock would appear briefly each time
  her hips moved backward preparing to ram my wet and wanting cunt. I felt a
  my juices flowing down to the top of my slit and then hang there before either
  falling to the bed below or swaying like a pendulum and landing on my lower
  abdomen.  
Contrary to previous times I was not sobbing or crying now no matter how humiliating
  this was to a part of my being. I just wanted Mistress to have me and abuse
  her doggy bitch. In fact every time the cock rammed against my upper vagina
  it hurt me and that made me feel good for I was being punished for having these
  decadent and filthy desires. I needed to be punished.  
I was trying to hold back my orgasm by concentrating on watching her sink
  her cock in me and then feeling the ensuing pain of her pushing. I could see
  Mistress being overcome by the pleasure and I was so happy for her. She seemed
  even more exotic and beautiful the more she moaned with the building orgasm.
  I wanted to please her so much so she would want me more. Grunts escaped from
  my throat in rhythm with her moans. I could not close my eyes as I felt compelled
  to watch her every motion.  
All of a sudden I felt an uncontrollable urge to cum. My muscles were squeezing
  her cock and my hard clit could feel her every stroke. My breathing increased
  rapidly and became ragged. My back arched further to give her better access
  while making sure that her gorgeous cock hit my swollen clit. I was sweating
  profusely now and the covers underneath me were wet with it. Gasping for air,
  my voice straining, I said &ldquo;bitch needs to cummmm.&rdquo; I heard her
  say &ldquo;Just a bit more.&rdquo; I could smell our combined scents permeating
  the entire room. Her pace started to increase and she began bucking like a
  mad woman. Finally she yelled out &ldquo;CUM!&rdquo; and I shook violently,
  in uncontrolled spasms, and came. Mistress did so at the same time. It was
  so joyous and seemed to last a lifetime. I closed my eyes to feel it throughout
  my body.  
She fell on me spent but I could not move. Her weight bore down on me and
  her cock was still in place. My cunt tried to keep sucking on it. I felt wonderful
  again.  
Mistress recovered enough to start licking and kissing my upper back and neck.
  It gave me a warm tingly feeling. I could feel a sweet soreness throughout
  my limbs. Her hands ran down my arms and she must have sensed my muscles getting
  hard for she pulled the cock out and started to untie me from my bound unmovable
  position. Taking off the harness from her waist she then laid me out on the
  bed and started massaging my muscles. Finally she crawled into bed beside me
  and took me in her arms. I sighed contentedly.  
After we rested some she went into her bathroom and washed up some. When she
  was done she came in with a warm wet washcloth and did the same to me particularly
  concentrating on my inner thighs and crotch. It felt so good. Later on she
  brought us some drinks and I sat up in the bed, my head resting on her bosom,
  as we sipped them. Her hands stroked my hair. Finally she said it was time
  to go and I retrieved my clothes and dressed. She drove me home and before
  I got out of her car she gave me one last sensuous kiss. I will remember that
  last kiss always.  
My Own Cross  
Upon arriving home Friday night I was very happily tired. My husband wanted
  to make love and I was more than willing, cumming again. It was so delicious
  feeling his warmth inside of me, such a different sensation than the dildo.  
The next morning Karen called to ask if I wanted to go shopping with her on
  Monday as it is a company holiday. She also reminded me of the Industry Meeting
  at the end of the week for Thursday afternoon and all day Friday in Boston.
  After checking to make sure my husband would not mind to my &lsquo;Monday shopping&rsquo;,
  I agreed and began to fantasize about what my Mistress might have in store
  for her little Susie slut.  
* * * * *  
I arrived at the Mall&rsquo;s east entrance parking lot and found a space
  a little bit away so I could see when Karen drove in as I was a bit early.
  I had butterflies in my stomach thinking about seeing her again and hoping
  that sometime during the day she would take on the Mistress persona. I had
  decided to wear under my gray and brown wool car-coat, my tight light brown
  corduroy &lsquo;jeans&rsquo; with a beige heavyweight ribbed turtleneck sweater.
  Underneath I wore black lace bikini briefs and a slightly padded matching lace
  bra giving me more of a B cup. The briefs were of a lace see-through pattern
  except for a solid fabric patch which happened to just cover my trimmed bush
  so giving the impression that I was shaved. The sweater was too opaque to show
  any hint of the color of the bra. I also had on a beige pair of ankle socks
  and a pair of one inch heel dark brown leather loafers with a matching over-the-shoulder
  small bag. I had the choker in my bag as she told me to bring it with me so
  this piqued my curiosity trying to determine what she might have in mind.  
I rechecked my makeup to make sure I was not overly made-up and that I had
  used was still in good order. I particularly took time looking at the bright
  red lipstick on my lips as I wanted them to stand out for her. I had just looked
  away from the mirror when I saw her car arrive and I got out of mine, stood
  by the door and waved to get her attention. She saw me and was able to drive
  up and park beside my car&rsquo;s driver side, where I was standing. Karen
  smiled and motioned for me to get in the passenger side of her car which I
  did after locking mine.  
I slipped into the passenger seat of her car. Once I had closed the door,
  I turned to say hello but before I could she one hand behind my head directing
  my lips towards hers. Her other arm slipped around my waist and held me in
  a close embrace. Karen&rsquo;s tongue inserted itself into my mouth as soon
  as our lips met. Mine reacted immediately by trying to encircle her tongue
  and my lips opened into an &lsquo;O&rsquo; so that I could suck it for her.
  My body started to tremble and I felt my face flush as were outside but my
  soul yearned out for her and I could not break away. She fucked my mouth with
  her tongue ramming it down my throat, holding me in a deep embrace.  
Finally she let me go and as fast as her tongue found the inside of my mouth
  was a quick as it left. I was left gasping for air. She smiled at me, and my
  discomfort, saying &ldquo;Well my pet princess should now be ready for a good
  day of shopping.&rdquo; I just merely nodded affirmatively and returned a flushed
  attempt at a smile.  
We got out of the car and walked to the mall entrance. This mall was not normally
  the one that I would go to but then she was in charge of this trip. I followed
  along at her side having to walk a bit faster than normal to keep up with her.
  She was wearing a knee length black leather coat, blue jeans and a tight stretch
  long sleeve white blouse which tended to show off her gorgeous figure. She
  had wrapped her left arm through my right almost like a man would do and led
  me inside. I just meekly followed her lead most of the time with my eyes downcast.
  I felt self-conscious and so started to tremble ever so slightly.  
Once in the mall as we walked forward some I began to feel a bit more at ease.
  I had convinced myself that no one would think anything other than we were
  close friends or relatives walking arm in arm. For men this would not be the
  case. We got to a major intersection in the mall and she came to a halt just
  near the middle of this intersection. Karen turned to me and said softly &ldquo;Susie
  do you have underwear on?&rdquo; I, looking a bit startled by the question
  here at this place, replied &ldquo;Yes Mistress&rdquo; but she waved away my
  using the salutation and quickly murmured that we would dispense with that
  while in the mall. I smiled at her for allowing that difference and I felt
  much more at ease now thinking this would not be a bad thing to here with her
  in public.  
Mistress then looked at me directly and said softly &ldquo;Susie take off
  all of your underclothes in the little girls room other there and bring them
  back to me if you would and put on the choker while you are there as you look
  so nice and becoming in it.&rdquo; I became flustered immediately and began
  to stammer. She would have none of it and told me to desist. I tried to talk
  again and she placed her crooked index finger under my chin saying &ldquo;Look
  at me Susie!&rdquo; My eyes moved up so I could look at her eyes and once done
  she forcefully said &ldquo;Do not make it worse pet princess so go now and
  do as I told you.&rdquo; I just stared into the abyss of her eyes and finally
  whimpered &ldquo;yes&rdquo;, turning and walking to the girls&rsquo; room.
  I knew that the entire journey was being scrutinized by her. When I got to
  the entrance to the public bathroom I felt relieved.  
I went into the bathroom and was immediately overpowered by that sanitary
  chemical smell. The room was well lit and there were three stalls against the
  wall across from the sink and counter area with a long mirror above them. The
  stall at the far end was occupied and I didn&rsquo;t really want to be beside
  someone as I striped out of my underwear so I took the closest stall. Going
  in and closing the door behind made me realize that my feet would be visible
  as I did this for my stall was out near the center of the room and one side
  was exposed. I felt naughty and embarrassed for what I was going to do and
  this resulted in a tingly feeling in my loins. I knew if I stayed here too
  long I might be overcome and Karen would wonder what had happened.  
I unzipped my pants and then took off my shoes pulling my pants down right
  after. I pulled my panties down to my thighs and then sat down and took them
  the rest of the way with my legs elevated so no one could see my feet. I quickly
  donned my pants again. I took the bra off without having to remove the sweater,
  at least feeling good about that. I then became flustered when I realized the
  bra had padding inside to make me a &lsquo;real&rsquo; B cup. I thought of
  taking it out but then she said she wanted everything so I did not. Putting
  on my shoes I put the bra and panties into my bag and left the stall intending
  to depart the bathroom quickly. I realized I had forgotten to put on the choker
  and went over to the mirror making sure no one was staring at me. I put her
  brand around my neck and then left.  
Walking back towards the intersection I did not see Karen immediately. This
  had me worried that I might have taken too long. I saw her then sitting on
  a bench in a common area. She saw me and motioned me to come over and sit beside
  her which I did. Leaning over she asked me for the items. I could not believe
  she would make me do this. I became flustered and highly agitated. A trembling
  seized me and my eyes could only focus on the floor in front of me. My pussy
  was damp and I felt warm.  
Mistress moved over slightly more so her body touched mine and I knew she
  could feel my trembling. Leaning over, her lips near my ear, she softly says &ldquo;My
  pet princess seems a bit flustered, all you need do Susie is take each item
  out and hand it to me, it can be folded up, and then I will put it in my purse
  for safekeeping.&rdquo; I felt a little better with that explanation but it
  did not relieve the high level of agitation I felt throughout me. I found out
  she knew that as she continued &ldquo;But now you are Susie-slut so by making
  you do this we both know you will feel mortified and wet all at the same time.&rdquo; My
  face must have turned crimson and my field of visual focus became a dot on
  the floor as what she said began a period of self-realization for me.  
I placed my bag on my lap; both feet planted firmly on the ground, opened
  it and removed the folded pair of worn panties in my downward facing palm.
  I moved my hand over to her lap and calmly took her time placing her bag there.
  When ready she took the panties from me and placed them in her bag and then
  proceeded to look at them and fondle them while in the bag. I felt both relieved
  and more agitated for at least no one could see what she was doing right now
  but at any moment they might. What would everyone think of me?  
She told me how adorable they were with their see-through lace pattern. Mistress
  also marveled that they still held my warmth. My face felt hot and I put my
  hand through her arm, holding onto it to steady myself. I watched in fascination,
  my eyes following her hand but my face frozen downward, as the now balled black
  bikini panties were raised to under her nose where she inhaled them deeply.
  I could hear her let out a pleased sigh when she was done saying &ldquo;My
  cute Susie does smell very sweet and here she dressed like a cute slut for
  me, how delicious.&rdquo;  
Mistress placed the panties back into her purse and held out her hand. I slowly,
  with some reluctance, reached inside my bag and pulled out the folded bra.
  I could see my hand shaking now as I brought it over to her hand where she
  took it from me. I brought my hand back and grasped it with the other trying
  to calm myself. As before she moved the item into her bag and then began to
  examine it. Leaning over she whispered to me &ldquo;Even padding yourself for
  your Mistress, how sweet, but I think today I like you flat like a schoolgirl.&rdquo; I
  felt a warm spasm in my loins turning into a smoldering fire as I pictured
  being her schoolgirl Susie slut. I shook visibly at the thought. Mistress responded
  to my reaction asking &ldquo;So being a schoolgirl slut excites my doggy bitch?&rdquo; I
  barely whimpered &ldquo;yes.&rdquo; Clasping my hands with hers she said &ldquo;Good.&rdquo;  
She pulled me up by my hands and motioned the direction we would start walking.
  I could barely walk at first but she held onto the arm in hers to steady me.
  Finally after a few steps I felt much better and was able to walk without her
  assistance. My legs were still weak and I could feel how damp I had become.  
We stopped first in racy intimate shop where she proceeded to buy me one each
  of white, black, beige and red colors a thong that was not much more than a
  glorified g string, a string bra that covered very little, a wide lacy garter
  belt, matching stockings and very tall slipper pumps. I was so embarrassed
  by the items she picked out that I could not get rid of the flushing that had
  long ago overcome my countenance.  
Leaving that store we went to a Department Store into the women&rsquo;s evening
  wear section. She picked out a beautiful black pantsuit where the jacket doubled
  at the blouse. The jacket was meant to be worn buttoned only to the bottom
  of the breastplate and thus would reveal the space between ones breasts. She
  had me try it on.  
I went to the dressing room and took off my clothes. Now I was naked and I
  felt so ashamed. I quickly put on the new outfit. It fit me perfectly although
  the pants were cut tight. I wore it out to show her. She smiled very broadly
  on seeing the way it was open in the center. I was just mortified. She waved
  me to change back and I did so as fast as I could. Taking off the outfit I
  noticed that I was starting to leak some. I took a tissue and cleaned it up
  feeling a charge whip through my body upon my hand rubbing my slit to dry it.
  I put on my clothes not daring any further contact.  
I brought the outfit out to her and she purchased that also saying it would
  do when we went out on the town. It seemed like I could go no more than a minute
  or so before she found a way to make me feel embarrassed and this had an immediate
  dirty reaction each time.  
We left that store and were heading back to the way we entered the mall when
  she stopped and said she needed to pick up something for a neighbor for her
  daughter. She gave me the packages and said she would be right back. I waited
  and watched as she headed down a short corridor to the left and disappeared
  out of view. About 10 minutes later she returned carrying an outfit inside
  a solid white plastic covering bag like dry-cleaners use. She walked up to
  me smiling saying she had promised she would pick up the girls new uniform
  that had just arrived saving her friend the trip. I thought nothing of it as
  we walked out of the mall, oblivious to everything around me except for the
  floor in front of my walking feet, not even noticing a small dark wet patch
  on the front of my pants.  
We got to her car and she motioned for me to get inside which I did. It was
  then I noticed my pants had a wet spot. Mistress noticed too and said &ldquo;Slutty
  Susie should be more careful in the future.&rdquo; She went on to say we would
  go to her house first and she would bring me back for my car later. I nodded
  agreement not knowing what else to do and so we drove off in her car.  
Upon arriving at her house she had me carry the packages inside. Directing
  me to a back extra bedroom that was not used, even for guests, she had me unpack
  the items and put them away in the dresser and closet saying this would be
  my room when I stayed with her. Once I had completed she instructed me to undress
  and meet her in the living room as she left to change herself.  
I took off all my clothes and went to put them on the dresser and saw a new
  item had been placed there. It was a black leather collar like the previous
  one I wore but this one had a silver plate on the front inscribed with &lsquo;doggy
  bitch&rsquo;. A note underneath the collar had &ldquo;For Pet&rdquo; written
  on it. I took off the choker and put on the collar in its place. I adjusted
  it so the words were centered in the front. My thighs squeezed tightly together
  as I read my name again.  
I broke away from the mirror image of my sleazy self and went to the living
  room to wait. I could feel the cool air brush over my exposed skin causing
  goose-pimples to form. A few minutes later she appeared wearing a long silk
  robe. I could tell she had leather boots or half boots on. She smiled at me
  and remarked on how well the collar looked on me. This had me wanting to avert
  my eyes from her but I could not. She then directed me to follow her.  
We went down to the lower level and through an entertainment room into the
  other half of the below ground floor. We entered a small hallway which had
  three doorways leading off of it, one to the left and two to the right. We
  took the first to the right. This room was exquisitely paneled inside with
  real wood panels. The floor was lushly carpeted in white pile. Around the room
  were various stylistic wooden cabinets and dressers except for in one corner
  where there was a large wooden cross in the shape of an X with various holes
  drilled in it. This cross was attached to each of the walls running out from
  that corner. On the floor in front of the cross were small wooden stands about
  6 inches off the ground. She motioned me to come in and she closed the door
  behind me. She turned on some soft background instrumental music and made the
  indirect lighting softer.  
She had me stand in the center of the room while she retrieved various leather
  cuffs and what looked like some kind of cuff belt. Taking each of my arms she
  put a cuff on both the elbow and wrist. Then she put one of each of my mid
  thighs and ankles. Finally she put the belt around my waist and fastened it.
  Retrieving some metal object with a short chain between different types of
  end connecting pieces she had me stand one foot each on the wooden stands in
  front of the cross facing outwards. I trembled at her continued touching as
  she bound me ever further.  
Mistress proceeded to attach each cuff to one end of a metal piece and then
  put the other end through the closest hole in the cross and threaded something
  like a wing nut on the other side adjusting it until the chain tension was
  tight. She did this for every cuff and even the belt. I was now attached to
  the cross as her victim. She suddenly began pulling the stands from under my
  feet until they were free. I got frightened but found I was stuck in my lewd
  posture with all my limbs spread out making me fully accessible from the front.
  I was left to hang on the cross suspended in her bondage. My nipples were now
  hardened and I could feel the wetness inside my slit trying to escape.  
Now standing before me she took off her robe. She was wearing a black leather
  bustier with garters holding up black fishnet stockings and thigh high black
  leather boots with stiletto heels. Mistress was not wearing panties so I could
  see her beautiful slit. She looked like an Amazon.  
Her left hand reached out and her fingers ran along my slit causing me to
  shiver in delight. I gasped at her cool touch. Her index finger found its way
  inside and pushed past the entrance to my hole. I moaned. Taking her wet finger
  out, she held it up to my lips and looked at me. My tongue reached out and
  licked her finger clean.  
Turning she went over to a dresser to the right and opened the top drawer.
  She took at two small metal devices and brought them over to me leaving the
  drawer open so signaling there was even more than this. She held one of the
  items up before me and told me it was an adjustable nipple clamp. I moved my
  arms involuntarily trying to escape and she giggled at the futility.  
Putting the clamps in one hand she proceeded to massage my right nipple until
  it was very hard and erect which did not take long. Holding the nipple she
  placed the clamp over it and then proceeded to adjust the force before letting
  it clamp down. It hurt and I yelled out. Repeating herself she did the same
  for the other nipple. I tried to move away but she would not let me by holding
  my erect nipple tightly until the clamp was in place. The pain was excruciating.
  Tears started to come to the corners of my eyes.  
Going back to the drawer she returned with what looked like metal clothes
  pins but were actually adjustable clamps like the nipple ones just bigger.
  Her hands reached down and grabbed hold of the right lip of my slit and quickly
  placed the clamp in place. I screamed in pain and surprise. She then did the
  other before I could fight her. I was now crying from the pain and now humiliation
  of being used this way. Her hands now started exploring my breasts and thighs,
  my body reacting to her menstruations.  
She felt me for quite a period of time and so the pain was partially replaced
  with the pleasures of her touch. I was now dripping down my thighs and she
  said I was now ready. She went over to a different dresser and opened a larger
  drawer. Out of this she took the 9 inch strapon with harness she had just used
  recently. She put it on taking good care to get the inner part inserted correctly
  over her clit.  
Walking up to me so our bodies touched she proceeded to lick my lips and face
  and kiss my neck. I could naught but moan in response. I felt one of her arms
  brush my body as it lowered itself in front of her. The next thing I felt was
  her cock pushing against my now open slit, the head now rapidly passing through
  my soaking hole and implanting itself inside me. By having me suspended a few
  inches off the floor she could now fuck me without bending her legs at all,
  thus just using her hips to push it in and out. It was so wonderful to be fucked
  by her while suspended in bondage. My body tried to meet her thrusts, my hips
  trying to grind against her, my pussy wrapping itself tightly around her cock.  
She kept pushing it up and into me over and over again. I was moaning in pleasure
  which had now begun to fully overcome the feelings of pain. My juices were
  running down my thighs to my knees now. My tongue was reaching out to touch
  hers. My chest heaved under the heavy breathing.  
Her bucking finally stopped when I began to spasm in preparation to cum. My
  pelvis continued to rock wanting to be filled. After removing the harness from
  her waist she placed the wooden blocks under my feet again and proceeded to
  quickly detach me from the cross. She had me step down from the boxes and get
  on my knees before her. She pulled up an armless chair and sat down before
  me legs spread. Her hands reached behind my head and pulled my mouth to her
  inviting pussy. I heard her say &ldquo;Finger fuck yourself slut&rdquo; and
  my fingers eagerly found their chore. Holding my head firmly she had me fuck
  her with my tongue. She moved my head back and forth like a body attached to
  my tongue the cock. I could hardly get a breath as she rammed my tongue into
  her wet cunt. I sucked eagerly when I could. My fingers were inserted into
  my hold grabbing my clit and squeezing it.  
I wanted this experience to keep continuing but I felt the impending release.
  She must have already reached there for all of a sudden her hands reached down
  and released the nipple clamps all at once by pulling them off and tossing
  them aside. Her hands then quickly went again behind my head and drove my tongue
  deep inside of her, my face pressed squarely against her slit. Yelling at me &ldquo;Cum
  NOW bitch&rdquo; was all I then needed and I started to shake violently my
  fingers impaled inside me as I came with her. It was so wonderful.  
When we were spent from our pleasure she had me clean up and get dressed to
  take back to the mall. I spent quite a bit of time in her parting embrace as
  I so adored her. She told me our next meeting out of the town the end of the
  week would be fun and I nodded knowingly with a bright smile on my face.  
Out And About   
   
We were on our way to Washington for an industry meeting. As we were flying
  I was able to think back on my Monday shopping with Karen. Karen was a couple
  of rows away and I had a window seat so I could spend some time looking out
  the window daydreaming. At the end it seemed to be a whirlwind of activity
  but actually it took quite a while. My body could remember the pain of the
  breast and pussy clamps. The thought of them made my nipples harden beneath
  my bra. I felt a mild dampness inside of me as I remember the clamps squeezing
  on my pussy lips.  
I distinctly remember when she pulled my face between her legs and used my
  tongue as her personal dildo. I knew I had pleased her as she came very violently
  ramming my rigid tongue in and out. My face was a mess afterwards covered in
  her sexual scent. The worst though was when Mistress needed to cum and she
  pulled the clamps off of my nipples. That hurt so much and it felt like I had
  been pinched hard enough to draw blood. My nipples were aflame and red once
  they were suddenly released. I now remember the inner turmoil and shame I felt
  as I enjoyed the combination of my deserved pain and humiliation with my sordid
  wanton pleasures. I could still intensely feel it even now as I reminisce.  
The feeling inside me was one of desperation, yearning and joy all rolled
  together it is so hard to describe. The remembered pain of my nipples tells
  me of my shame at yearning to be her doggy slut and the exquisite fulfillment
  that comes from that dirty desire. I now know that I must be punished over
  and over so I will recognize my inner self and strive to please my Mistress
  no matter what she desires.  
As I vividly remembered that excruciating pain radiate from my nipples I
  felt an intense stab of pleasure extend forth from my clitoris. I placed a
  magazine over my lap and pulled the table down so I could cover my lap. The
  person beside me was talking to the person on the aisle. Neither of them was
  looking towards me. I put one hand under the magazine and pushed down on my
  slightly open crotch fighting back a moan trying to escape from my throat.
  As I felt the pain I pushed harder and whimpered so no one could hear me. My
  whimpering became a recital of one whispered word over and over again &ldquo;please.&rdquo; My
  face turned down and away towards the window and my free palm covered my mouth
  as my body grew rigid and the flat of my other hand pushed hard onto my slit.
  I felt myself cum in the seat, my loins palpitating and I felt blissfulness
  inside. I savored the pleasure and then feel asleep until we landed.  
* * * * *  
We had picked up our rental car once outside the terminal building and went
  to the Marriot in the park near the National Zoo. As we drove to the hotel
  Karen and I discussed the upcoming meeting and the position our firm was going
  to take on industry issues. Upon arriving at the hotel she parked the car,
  after much searching for a spot, and we checked in. Our rooms were on the same
  floor and adjoining as she arranged. Once in my room I began to unpack as there
  was only a short time before we were going to dinner. It would just be Karen
  and I for the meal as there were no client meetings until tomorrow early in
  the morning so we also could not stay out late either.  
I had just finished hanging up my outfit for tomorrow. I had not brought
  any different outfit for tonight anticipating a working meal most likely preparing
  for tomorrow. I knew we might do something upon our return to the room later
  tonight, or at least I hoped so. As I closed the closet door I heard a rap
  on the connecting door for the adjoining room. It must be Karen I thought so
  I rushed over to open it. As I pulled it open there was Karen still dressed
  in her traveling clothes but she held some clothes in her hands with one inside
  a plastic garment protector. Smiling she handed me a pile of clothes with a
  pair of black stiletto heels on top, higher than I would wear, and the garment
  protector with its contents. All she said was &ldquo;Be ready in 30 minutes
  Pet&rdquo; as she turned and closed her door leaving me looking at the items.  
I went back into my room and closed the door also. I put the clothes on the
  bed to look at them. There was a pair of the black thong panties she had bought
  when we were shopping along with the miniscule bra, black stockings and the
  matching garter belt. Inside the bag was the sensational pants outfit she had
  bought for me. A small bag was attached to the hangar of the garment bad and
  so I took it off and opened it. Inside was another black velvet choker except
  this one had a clear gemstone attached to the center. Also I found a tube of
  flashy red lipstick, black eyeliner and a matching set of gemstone earrings,
  part of a fine costume set no doubt. I put it all down and then took off my
  work clothes and went for a shower.  
The shower was the thing I needed now. It gave me a feeling of relaxation
  without taking away from my excitement at Mistress dressing me as her date
  for the night. What was truly wonderful was the acceleration of tonight's rendezvous
  so that meant it would last a good period of time. I made sure I shaved all
  the proper places so that I would be as smooth as silk for her touch. Once
  having cleaned up I made sure how much time I had left. I proceeded to apply
  my makeup with her substitutions. The lipstick made me look sensual and erotic
  yet conservative.  
Walking into the bedroom I pulled on the thong panties. Immediately the crotch
  piece found its way into my slit. I adjusted it so it would not do it. I pulled
  up the stockings after putting them on my feet and then placed the garter belt
  around my waist and snapped it into place. I did look so lovely in it. Attaching
  the stockings to the garter I then preened in front of the closet full length
  mirror. I did look cute like Mistress had remarked. I felt so happy and alive.
  I put on the bra and felt immediately naughty as it was so small. It barely
  covered my areoles. I proceeded to do a sexy dance like I was doing it for
  her. It was so much fun I decided I would do a dance for her amusement tonight.  
I proceeded now to the outer wear. I took the outfit out of the bag and removed
  the pants. Pulling them on I marveled at the smoothness of the fabric against
  my skin. When they were completely on I modeled them also noting how nice they
  clung to my form but at the same time did not make me look too skinny. I felt
  very alluring at this moment. I now took the jacket which functioned as the
  only top. I put it on and started buttoning the front and then it hit me. This
  jacket did not button up very far, in fact only to the bottom of my breastbone.
  Having buttoned it I could clearly see the front of my slinky black bra right
  out in the open. It was not me at all. I felt a crushing wave of embarrassment
  run through me thinking about people looking at me this way. A fear now clung
  to me. I had to wear a different outfit but how.  
I decided my best approach was just to ask Mistress politely and maybe she
  would see my predicament and relent. I went over to the connecting door, opening
  my side and then knocking on hers. I had to wait a few seconds but then the
  door opened and Karen was stunning. She had on a pair of tight black slacks
  and a form fitting turtleneck black sweater. She smiled at me as she saw the
  front of the bra visible through the front of the jacket opening. I blushed
  and stammered out &ldquo;Mistress the strap is visible, can I please change
  into a different outfit as this one is too revealing?&rdquo; Still smiling
  she replied &ldquo;Well Susie it is your choice whether you want to wear the
  bra or not but you need to decide soon as we have five minutes before we leave.&rdquo; With
  that she closed her door and left me there to decide for myself although this
  is not what I wanted to decide at all.  
I closed the connecting door and just stood there trying to decide. Time
  kept passing by and I looked at my watch and saw I had only a minute to go.
  This was so mortifying for if I wore the bra I would look like a slut with
  the center part of the bra highly visible and if I didn't then my chest would
  be visible, and in turn my breasts if I leaned one way or the other. I decided
  the best was no bra and so I took it off. I made sure I had everything for
  dinner and my hair was ok. Looking at myself in the mirror again I thought
  I did look a little attractive like one of those skinny models although a bit
  too risqu&eacute;. The other embarrassing thing that entered my mind was that
  everyone would get to see how close to flat-chested I was but I thought that
  as long as Mistress did not mind I should not. So I quickly got a pin from
  my small set of emergency sewing supplies and pinned the jacket lapels together
  just right below mid-chest so I would at least look a bit more modest. Right
  then I heard Mistress at the front door.  
I went over and opened the door. The black outfit complimented her physique
  quite well, giving her an air of subtle authority. She scanned me slowly from
  head to toe and I could not help but cast my eyes downward under her dominant
  gaze. When she finished inspecting me she said &ldquo;Pet take the pin out
  of the lapel.&rdquo; I immediately pleaded with her saying &ldquo;But Mistress
  I can't walk around like that.&rdquo; Mistress looked at me and then reached
  out a hand and backed me into my room, closing the door behind her.  
Once the door was closed her left hand struck my right cheek hard bringing
  tears instantly to my eyes and pain to my face. I cried out my hands reaching
  up to protect my face. Mistress forcefully said &ldquo;Listen bitch you are
  mine and you never argue with your Mistress you got that slut?&rdquo; I was
  stunned and could do naught but whimper. Her hand reached up again, ready to
  strike, and she yelled &ldquo;Do you got that slut?&rdquo; I blurted out &ldquo;Yes
  Mistress your slut understands,&rdquo; crying as I tried to speak in a normal
  tone but could not. My hands were covering my red and painful cheek. Mistress
  yelled again &ldquo;Take it off you stupid cunt&rdquo; and I complied although
  in a fumbling manner.  
The jacket not stood open the way the designer intended and the middle of
  my nearly flat chest was visible. She chuckled at my reticence saying how wonderful
  I looked. Looking directly in my eyes as I had looked up at her smiling at
  the remark, she said &ldquo;Now kiss my shoes to show your Mistress how sorry
  you are.&rdquo; I could not break her penetrating gaze and so began to kneel
  before her. In a kneeling position I leaned my head down just above the top
  of her left shoe. I could see the glean and grain of the leather. My head reached
  out further and I planted a loving kiss on the top of the toe of the shoe.
  I felt all tingly inside. I then leaned to the left and did the same to her
  right shoe. Finished I knelt bowed over between her feet, my eyes closed.  
Mistress commanded me to stand and I did so, eyes downcast. She then told
  me how she wished for me to present myself to her when standing. I was to lock
  my forearms in my hands behind my back. My legs were to be spread to the edge
  of my shoulders. My body was to be erect so that my chest and loins would stand
  out and be accessible to her. I was to look at her unless she said otherwise.
  This was important she said for me to realize the depth of the humiliation
  she would show me. I cringed at that yet my body reacted with a feeling of
  needles piercing me all over. I thought I would momentarily faint from the
  sweet sensation.  
I was having trouble recognizing myself. In particular Mistress came over
  to me when I was in her intended position. Her hand reached down and palmed
  my crotch, squeezing, her fingers pushing into the rear of my slit. I gasped
  but my arms stayed locked together. I thought I would try to escape but instead
  my pelvis pushed out to give her better access. I knew my face flushed then
  and my eyes ried to avert hers. Her other hand shot up and gripped my chin
  in her fingers. Pointing my face towards hers, our eyes now locked, she smiled
  coyly and said &ldquo;Look at you Susie, such a wet slut, don't you feel so
  ashamed of yourself, don't you want to hide.&rdquo; Her words were likes knives
  that after the initial stabbing pain left behind pleasure instead of lingering
  distress. I could no longer fathom what I was.  
My pelvis started to grind on her palm. I moaned more loudly. My tongue came
  out of my mouth and licked my lips. My nipples were hard and my heart was beating
  frantically. At that moment she withdrew her hand and said it was time for
  us to go once she retrieved something she forgot. My pelvis continued to rut
  slowly as I watched her leave. I heard her enter and then a couple of minutes
  later leave her room. I had continued to slowly grind the air between my legs.
  I heard her yell for me to come to her. It took me a moment to recover my composure
  and once I did, opening the door and seeing where she was, I had to jog to
  catch up to her down the hall.  
We caught an elevator and made our way down to the lobby. She had a small
  overnight bag she was carrying in addition to her purse. Once we reached the
  lobby we went to find the garage elevator making our way to her car. Upon getting
  to the car she put the overnight bag on the back floor and motioned for me
  to get in the passenger side which I did. We then drove off to a very upscale
  restaurant in Georgetown.  
Once we reached the restaurant she opted to park by herself. Upon turning
  off the car she turned to me and using her hand pulled my face close to hers
  so we could kiss, her tongue exploring my willing mouth. Her hand reached up
  inside my opening in the front of the jacket, feeling then twisting a nipple.
  My mouth opened wider upon her assault. I could feel the outer part of my slit
  becoming wet. My back arched, legs spreading wide to invite her, and then she
  breaks off the kiss and whispers &ldquo;Later Pet.&rdquo;  
We enter the restaurant and get a wrap-around booth table. She looks for
  me to sit first and then she gets in the other side but moves close to me.
  It is dimly lit and so during the meal her hand would inevitably reach over
  at various times. Each time it would either squeeze or stroke my upper right
  thigh. Because the table height was a bit high she sometimes would insert her
  right hand into my jacket and feel my left breast and no one was the wiser
  although I constantly felt like they were all watching the slut enjoy herself.
  For each time Mistress would play with me I would have to stifle a moan and
  each time it was getting much harder. This constant game had me eventually
  leaking.  
 One time during the meal, after we had finished dinner and were awaiting
  dessert, I had to go the Ladies Room in order to prevent my slacks from getting
  too wet in the crotch. I excused myself and she accepted. Once inside I could
  see that it was empty and so I went inside the one stall and cleaned myself
  up. I even had to ball some tissue paper up and stuff it somewhat into my pussy
  to mop up the emerging juices. The little thong panties were now wet and so
  all I could do there was blot them some. Completing all I could I emerged from
  the stall as Mistress came in. She immediately took me in her arms and her
  tongue found its way into my awaiting mouth. A hand snaked inside my jacket
  cupping a breast, nipple hardening. A sigh escaped from my throat.  
My body molded to hers. A dark desire was overcoming me. My breathing increased
  and became shallow. Then she stopped and told me to return to the table, smiling
  and blowing me a kiss. I returned to the table, my pulse still racing. A frustration
  began to take hold of me.  
We finished our dessert and then left the restaurant. I now noticed that
  people were indeed looking at us and in particular me. Men seemed to be undressing
  me with their eyes, although that was not hard to do considering the outfit
  I was wearing. Women mostly looked at me with that &lsquo;tsk, tsk' stare but
  sometimes there would be one who would smile and seem to lick her lips. In
  every case each of these would make me get even more mortified and so the flushing
  of my face and upper chest became even more red and pronounced. This in turn
  gave me an unusual countenance, with my upper chest between my breasts being
  flush with blood. All of this attention in turn made me wetter faster, it caused
  my clit to enlarge, my nipples to harden, a need to cum slowly but surely consuming
  me.  
Finally we were outside the restaurant and I could catch my breath. She held
  my hand as we walked together, like two divas out on the town together, enjoying
  the world about them.  
When we got to the car, I went to go around to my side but she held my hand
  and pulled me close to her. Looking into my eyes she said with a smile on her
  lips &ldquo;Susie was not such a good girl earlier tonight and needs to try
  harder to please me don't you think so slut?&rdquo; My eyes dropped down immediately
  as I stammered out &ldquo;Yes Mistress.&rdquo; She cupped my chin bringing
  my lips up to meet hers as she whispered &ldquo;I am pleased Susie.&rdquo; My
  heart melted inside me and a deep sigh escaped me.  
Letting my chin go, leaving me on my toes kissing the air, she finally let
  go of my hand and said &ldquo;Good Susie for tonight you will be Susie for
  me, get in the back and change into the clothes in the bag, we are going out
  for a bit.&rdquo; I was dumbfounded for a moment, trying to understand what
  she just said, but then I gathered my wits and realized this was an opportunity
  to truly please her and I felt this compelling urge which made me get into
  the back seat of the car and open the bag. She stood outside looking away from
  me, giving me some privacy and hopefully acting as a lookout.  
I now realized that earlier on when I had disobeyed her and used the pin
  is when she went back to her room to get this bag. I opened the bag to inspect
  its contents. My heart sunk at what I found. It was a high school girl's uniform
  for one of our local private schools. It consisted of a white cotton front
  button blouse and a dark green and red plaid wool skirt with a brown leather
  belt. There were a pair of knee high white socks and a pair of white tennis
  shoes. For underclothes there was the white set of what I was wearing in black
  now, a g-string like thong and almost a lace bra that almost wasn't. There
  was also a black leather collar that had &lsquo;doggy bitch' imprinted on a
  silver plate attached to it. My heart sank and a drop of my wetness slide down
  the outer part of my slit.  
She must have picked this up Monday when we were shopping I thought to myself.
  The size she obtained from our other shopping my mind continued. My hands began
  to take off my current set of clothes. I removed them all, folding them on
  the seat. The panties were wet so I put them aside for a moment. I took some
  Kleenex from my bag and wiped myself. I then put on the bra and panties first,
  followed by the knee socks. I now put on the blouse and buttoned it up so it
  looked prim and proper. Once on me, it became apparent it was a size too small.
  The blouse complimented me by showing the roundness of my breasts but also
  it showed how small they are, thus nurturing the image of a young teen Susie.
  The plaid skirt did not help at all as she had shortened it just like the young
  girls do to show off their young and nubile legs. I put on the sneakers and
  belt. Here I am, a middle aged married working mother of two dressed as a school
  girl slut, was all that entered my mind as I took the collar and placed it
  on my neck. A slight gasp emanated from my mouth and my loins were warm when
  I completed the buckling of it. I then got out of the car for her inspection.  
I presented myself to her, legs slightly spread, and forearms locked in my
  hands behind my back, eyes downcast. She walked around me, complimenting me
  on how I looked for her, and how I pleased her. Her hand brushed my neck and
  my head tilted towards it as I purred for her. I stood before looking very
  much the school girl except for my age, but my body held the illusion quite
  well and my pussy recognized it by its continued reactions.  
She had me then put my coat back on, which I was thankful it was calf length,
  and also the scarf I had brought. This acted to cover the collar as we drove
  around and I was very thankful for that and told her so.  
As we drove she told me we would be going to a D/s Club called the Black
  Rose. Some of the sights, she said, would seem a bit outlandish and I was not
  to stare or say anything at all unless she told me to. She also said for me
  to stay with her always.  
When we arrived we found a street parking no more than half a block away.
  We got out of the car and walked toward the club. I was glad for the scarf
  and long coat now. I had my arm wrapped through hers staying close at her side.
  We arrived at the club and went inside. She took my jacket and scarf in a dimly
  lit area where the coat room was located. I was also glad for that and the
  clerk did not seem to give notice to my decadent outfit at all.  
She took hold of my arm and led me through another door. In this next room
  was the club which was a large dark paneled affair with a bar at one end and
  tables, chairs, booths and a dancing and DJ area at the other. There were quite
  a few people here already and the DJ was playing music with some people dancing.
  It was dimly lit though so I could not make out much and nor did I want to
  so I kept my eyes downward cast and let her lead me.  
She took me up to an open space at the bar where she ordered us drinks. I
  got to look around some and saw a real mixed clientele. Some were in suits
  and skirts and others were in leather and denim. For those that I saw they
  looked well to do. I felt much more comfortable now, at least from worrying
  about violence, but now I seemed to worry even more about my outlandish garb
  and what they all would think about the schoolgirl slut.  
Once she had our drinks she handed me mine and then started looking for a
  place to sit down. She spotted a booth where the people were looking to leave.
  Karen reached in her shoulder bag and took something silver out. I could not
  hear anything due to the loudness of the music at the moment. The next thing
  I notice is that her hand reached up and attached something to the front O
  ring on the collar. My eyes catch sight of a silver rope hanging down from
  my neck and then it occurs to me that she has brought a leash. With that she
  pulls the leash as we move towards the booth. I am totally mortified. My head
  sinks down on my chest and my shoulders hunch over. I can feel an intense flushness
  over my face and I feel lightheaded. My loins are now starting to ache and
  as they do, I feel even more ashamed of my condition and tears appear in the
  corner of my eyes.  
We arrive at the table, her having to tug me along every once in a while.
  She has me sit on one side and scoot in. Mistress then follows after me so
  she is sitting right beside me, our bodies touching along the length. I feel
  her press her leg against mine and her right hand rests on my thigh at the
  hem of my short skirt which has ridden up further. I moan softly at her touches.
  She lays the leash on the table in front of me while it is still attached to
  my neck. Mistress is showing everyone that I am her doggy bitch. The thought
  of my predicament starts the cycle of wetness in my loins with a strong dampness
  forming.  
I begin to squirm in the seat, rubbing my slit by pressing my legs together
  and rocking my pelvis slightly. Her hand moves up my thigh under the hem of
  the skirt. I moan louder and my breathing increases. Right then she pulls her
  hand away and says &ldquo;Stop trying to cum my little schoolgirl, spread your
  legs some so you stop rubbing them together and making a spectacle of yourself.&rdquo; I
  immediately stop the rubbing and open my legs slightly. The flushing gets hotter
  as my mind reacts to what she had said about her schoolgirl slut. I am shaking
  in the seat trying to get control of my body and emotions.  
For quite a while we talk about the lifestyle and the people around us, her
  giving me insights of her experience. She orders drinks in a paced manner so
  we do not get too tipsy and nor are we sober. She is mindful that she still
  has to drive but makes sure I am taken care of. As we sit there and chat she
  continues to play with my body, and particularly my inner thighs, off and on,
  each time eliciting a deeper moan from me before she breaks off her attentions.
  I am now wet and the crotch of these lurid panties are soaked. I can feel that
  the back of the skirt is also now slightly wet but it is fortunate that this
  place is dark and my skirt is dark also.  
Despite my bashfulness at the surroundings and my pleasure-filled shame at
  my attire, I seemed to have a good time being able to chat and have her play
  in public almost. I was becoming more comfortable with my situation as time
  passed and she must have sensed that. Mistress leaned over to me and said into
  my ear that maybe we should dance. I grew immediately fearful and both of my
  hands immediately balled up into fists and rested forcefully on my upper thighs
  as my legs drew together. Her hand rested on my forearm and stroked it getting
  me to relax. With her soft voice and ministrations, I was able to get rid of
  most of the tenseness.  
Mistress picked up the leash in her hand saying &ldquo;Get your purse.&rdquo; The
  DJ had just put on some slow song and dimmed the lights further so that you
  could see people but not their details. I grew tense, one hand reaching for
  the purse and as the other reached up and grabbed the chain, my facial expression
  pleading with her as I voiced a silent &ldquo;please.&rdquo; She smiled and
  continued to pull the leash and I had to scoot around the booth to make it
  so I was not disobeying her in public. I had reached the edge of the booth
  and she continued to pull the leash upwards. I stood trembling, my hands reaching
  out to the booth furniture to steady my ascent. Mistress continued to pull
  my leash, watching me with her penetrating eyes, leading me onto the dance
  floor. Finally we reached a place out onto the floor where she stopped and
  pulled me right up to her. She then undid the leash and put it in her bag which
  she had brought with her. She held out her hand and took my purse from me and
  also put that into her bag and set it aside on the floor by her left foot.  
Her arms reached around me as she cuddled me in. She began to move, softly
  swaying in a sensual slow dance. My body molded itself to hers, feeling her
  warmth. I tilted my head under her chin, resting the side of my face on her
  upper chest, my hand in hers feeling the pressure of the softness of her breasts.  
Her right leg now moved between mine. Her right hand tracing down the back
  of my blouse until it reaches the top of my hip. The hand now reaches around
  my hip and pulls me closer to her, my crotch now making contact with her upper
  thigh between mine. I gasp slightly. She reaches down and kisses me, her tongue
  exploring my mouth. I whimper at the onslaught. My hips are being moved so
  that I rut against her thigh.  
I take on some of the initiative myself, loosing my inhibitions in the electricity
  of the moment, rhythmically gyrating my pelvis over her thigh placing more
  and more pressure on the space between my legs. I let her tongue fuck my mouth
  while I feel her place my arms around her neck.  
I now have more leverage and so begin to hump her thigh. Her hands reach
  down and undo the buttons of my blouse. They pull the blouse out from the waistband
  of my skirt. They open the blouse so it hangs free from my arms and then they
  reach in and feel for the lacey bra. Her hands move the bra over my breasts.
  Her fingers begin kneading them paying special attention to my hardened nipples.
  I begin to gasp for breath, my humping growing harder. Her lips reach down,
  head turning sideways to catch a nipple in her mouth, sucking it so all could
  see. I moan.  
Her hands reach behind and pull me in close as I begin to loose my balance.
  She has me lean back in her arms, my pussy rubbing the slacks covering her
  thigh. Pushing down hard on her thigh I feel my wetness on my upper thighs.
  I know I am leaking my juices on her slacks but I cannot help myself. Her head
  leaves my nipples and she faces me. I hear her whisper to me &ldquo;Cum.&rdquo; My
  thighs lock around my Mistress's leg and I feel an incredible release throughout
  my body as I shake from head to toe. The song finishes with me holding on to
  her and her to me. I am whimpering, tears flowing down my cheeks, a tired smile
  of pleasure on my face.  
I could not look up as she led me to get our coats, her arm around my shoulders
  to keep me up. Once we had retrieved them she put mine on me with the scarf
  and led me to her car, arm in arm. We got to the car and she helped me sit
  inside and then we drove away back to the hotel.  
Inside At Play   
   
We drove back to the hotel. As we are driving she tells me how pleased she
  is with me. I feel terrible overall realizing what I had done in such a public
  place. I just want to hide in my room now but I know she will have none of
  that.  
Arriving at the hotel she parks the car and we both get out. I am able to
  walk under my own power now. We get to the elevator and head up to our rooms.
  As we are in the elevator she pulls me close to her and then kisses me deeply.
  Her tongue penetrates beyond my lips reaching for my tongue. Mistress backs
  me into a corner and one of her hands reaches up my skirt and beyond the edge
  of the panties. I feel her finger find my slit and part it, eventually locating
  my wet hole and pushing inside. I whimper for her to please stop for I am unable
  to take any more. She continues moving her finger inside of me and my hips
  start to move so I can hump her hand. I realize I am a prisoner of my own submission
  unable to stop. The elevator reaches our floor and she takes her finger out
  and licks it while I watch.  
The doors open and she walks out with me following. I know my thighs are
  wet with my juices and I look haggard but I do not care now. All I can think
  of is watching the backs of her shoes and keeping a close distance to them
  but not to close. I admire the way she walks, so confident and commanding yet
  sensual.  
Mistress walks by my room and to hers. She opens the door and walks in, standing
  to the side and holding the door open for me. I meekly walk past her but she
  stops me holding out her arm for the coat and scarf. Keeping my eyes downcast
  I take them off and hand them to her hoping she does not notice how unkempt
  my uniform had become. She says nothing about it and tells me to walk into
  the room. I proceed to walk down the hallway.  
At the end of the entrance hallway the room stretches out. To the left of
  the hallway is the bathroom. The main room has a queen bed against the far
  left wall with a desk further beyond on the left. There is a small table with
  a high back upholstered armchair against the center of the wall of windows
  directly across from me but now covered by drapes. The wall to the right has
  a dresser near the windows and a combination entertainment center and dresser
  beside that closest to me.  
She has me stand at the bottom of the bed in front of the entertainment center.
  She opens it up and finds a piped-in music station on the TV specializing in
  romantic background music and leaves that on. Going into her bathroom she emerges
  with a couple of glasses filled with red wine of which she gives me one. Karen
  motions for us to both drink and she smiles at me as she does so. I follow
  her lead and drink half of mine feeling much safer now. She takes my glass
  and hers and puts them down on the dresser.  
Karen then goes around the room turning off selected lights to create a romantic
  atmosphere. When finished she stands in front of me and then her hands settle
  on my upper arms slowly massaging them. As she sensually rubs my arms I hear
  tell me to look up and I do as her lips meet mine. I immediately sigh taking
  a quick but deep breath. I start to tremble as her lips crush themselves against
  mine. Her kiss becomes more erotic moving around on my lips. Her tongue comes
  out from between her red lips and licks my red coated lips.  
Mistress's arms now wrap around pulling me against her, her voluptuous breasts
  pressing against my mediocre ones. My nipples are now hard from feeling hers
  up against them through my stiff cotton blouse. My legs spread out and without
  even realizing it I wrap them around her closest leg, my hips slowly undulating.
  She realizes what a slut I am for she moves that leg further out so I can mount
  it better which I do. I have to stand on the toe part of the tennis shoes to
  get high enough on her offered thigh so I can hump it while kissing her. I
  reach my arms around her neck so I can steady my balance and gain leverage.
  Our tongues are now intertwined.  
I can feel the skirt between my thighs but I do not move it for it feels
  heavenly to rut against the wool skirt with my bare thighs and almost bare
  but shaven pussy. My mouth is as wide as I can hold it open, clamped against
  hers, our tongues teasing the other, my loins crushed against her slack covered
  thigh rubbing up and down on it, pressing ever harder when moving up her leg.
  Slight rhythmic moans are now escaping from me as the passionate heat consumes
  me.  
My moaning is getting more frequent and I can feel the strain in my calves
  as I try to exert ever more pressure on her thigh without losing my balance.
  Her tongue explores my mouth as my tongue tries to wrap around hers. I can
  feel myself drooling down my chin but I cannot part from her lips. Her hands
  let go of my back and hold my shoulders, slowly backing me up. Her thigh comes
  down from its elevated position away from my rutting pelvis. I continue to
  moan as my hips continue to gyrate. She smiles at me and goes over to retrieve
  the wine for us. I try to compose myself. Bringing it back she hands me my
  glass and I finish the rest. I feel warm inside.  
She takes our empty glasses back to the bathroom and refills them. She must
  have the bottle in the ice bucket in there I thought. Returning she hands me
  mine again and we both take another sip. I begin to feel a building urge to
  go to the bathroom.  
I am wet, my skirt pulled in between my thighs. I reach down with one hand
  and straighten it out. I glance quickly to see if Mistress saw me and she did
  as she is smiling at me. I meekly smile back, embarrassed at my display. My
  bladder begins to feel uncomfortable.  
Mistress says &ldquo;Such a precious schoolgirl you make Susie I think I
  will keep you this way when we go out again.&rdquo; All I could respond was &ldquo;Yes
  Mistress&rdquo; as I considered being her schoolgirl slut on other business
  trips. A shudder ran through me as I felt a tingly sensation in my pussy. A
  thought about what a tramp I was becoming entered my mind and a drop of wetness
  escaped the lips of my slit. I moved my legs to cross my thighs somewhat as
  I needed to pee.  
&ldquo;You look so becoming this way Susie&rdquo; she continued &ldquo;a
  young teen schoolgirl slut for her Teacher is that appealing to you Susie?&rdquo; I
  stammered out &ldquo;Yes Mistress&rdquo; as the fingers of one of her hands
  played over one of my breasts through the blouse. &ldquo;Tell me Susie what
  do you want Teacher to do with her classroom slut?&rdquo; Karen asked. Stammering
  more than usual I said &ldquo;Susie wants her Teacher, Ms Karen, to fuck her
  slut.&rdquo; I could feel my face flush red at what I had said. My legs crossed
  the other way now as I tried to hold off my urge to pee hoping to cum now instead.  
She smiled at my response and must have noticed my discomfort by my legs
  moving back and forth. She asked me if I was ok and I responded &ldquo;Your
  schoolgirl slut needs to pee Ms Karen.&rdquo; She chuckled as she said &ldquo;Of
  course Susie I did not realize you had to pee as I thought you were trying
  to make yourself cum by rubbing your legs together.&rdquo; My face grew redder
  in shame and I held my head down at her ribbing. &ldquo;Ms Karen will take
  her star pupil to the little girls' room and help her learn how to go like
  a Lady&rdquo; Mistress continued. A fear ran through me, turning me cold, as
  I thought about my predilection for urinating. I did not want her to find out
  as then I knew she would find me abominable and utterly disgusting. My mind
  raced to find a way out of this as she hooked her arm around mine and led me
  to the bathroom.  
Upon entering the bathroom she closed the door behind me. Mistress said &ldquo;Susie
  be a good little girl and lift the lid and seat and straddle the bowl for me.&rdquo; I
  tremble not knowing what she has in mind but do as she requests, lifting the
  lid and top making sure they stay up and then placing one leg on each side
  of the bowl. She stands in front of me over a foot away. Mistress looks at
  my eyes and I try to avert her gaze but she cups my chin with one hand and
  positions my face so I must look at her eyes. I want so to turn away. Releasing
  my chin she says &ldquo;Stay Susie and lift your skirt for your Teacher.&rdquo; My
  hands move down to the hem of my school skirt and lift it up until it is bunched
  at my waist. I feel a cool breeze over my thighs and slit as the panty does
  not cover much. I can feel my breathing becoming more rapid, my chest heaving
  with each intake of air.  
She leans back a bit to look at my shaven pussy covered by the small white
  thong. She looks up at me and smiles wickedly. Mistress says &ldquo;Pee for
  me Susie.&rdquo; I am shocked by what I finally hear but expected all the same.
  I am not sure what do as I do not want her to see me like this. Finally I say &ldquo;Mistress
  the panty is in the way and it will go all over the place, I really do not
  want to do this Mistress please.&rdquo; I hoped my pleading at the end would
  win her over but she would have none of that and to my dismay said &ldquo;No
  problem my little Susie I will hold your panty for you.&rdquo;  
Her hand reached down and grabbed the front part of the panty and moved it
  closer to one thigh away from my slit. I could feel her hand resting against
  my pubic bone and the crotch part of the panty pulling at my skin. I moaned
  slightly and she noticed for she said &ldquo;Such a slut Susie, now pee for
  me.&rdquo; I still could not and I pleaded &ldquo;Please Mistress?&rdquo; Her
  face darkened as she forcefully said to me &ldquo;Piss for me bitch, piss for
  your Mistress NOW!&rdquo;  
I felt my bladder begin to lose its tenseness. Her touch was having an effect
  on me as my hips begin to buck slightly against her hand. Her eyes bored into
  mine and my face twisted at my despair. I could feel the pee making its way
  from my bladder. &ldquo;Pee Susie, show me how little girls pee&rdquo; she
  said. I could not stand it any longer and I felt the pee come out and heard
  it hit the water in the bowl.  
One finger of her hand moved over and stroked my pee-hole. I felt it brush
  against it and then my pee get redirected for a moment, some splashing on my
  lower thigh. I gasped and then tensed all over. I felt like I was going to
  fall and my arms reached out for her shoulders grasping them. Her finger pressed
  into my pee-hole and it splashed on me. I tried to stop myself from peeing
  further to prevent getting more wet but instead I ended up cumming. My hips
  just started humping against her finger and hand, pee still dribbling out now,
  as spasms of pleasure shook me. I screamed out &ldquo;Please Mistress&rdquo; as
  I fell forward into her. Her fingers and hand moved away to catch me from falling.
  She held me in her arms as I trembled violently, the remnants of the fading
  pleasure still racking me.  
I started to sob and then cry. Choking the words out I said &ldquo;I am sorry
  Mistress for being so disgusting please don't leave me please.&rdquo; She held
  on to me tightly and reassuringly replied &ldquo;You are so precious Susie
  I am not going to leave you, in fact I think I may have a surprise for you
  tonight my cute piss slut.&rdquo; I did not know what she meant but it did
  not matter for she still wanted me. I continued to sob but now more out of
  joy. My orgasm came to an end with my hips still jerking and small droplets
  of pee falling from my slit. I looked up at her and she smiled as her tongue
  came out and licked the finger that rubbed me while I pissed. A visible shudder
  passed through me.  
Mistress had me use toilet tissue to clean up my thighs from the still wet
  pee. The touch of the toilet paper elicited a shiver from my loins. I asked
  to finish peeing if I could, my face riveted downwards as shame spread over
  me even though all I wanted to do was pee and not cum. However the lewd and
  wretched desires within me were now manifesting themselves in my most immediate
  thoughts. Even now I remembered her just a moment ago licking my dried pee
  off of her finger and this made me even more mortified at how low I was descending
  and in turn stoked the fire within me. Mistress did not heed my request and
  instead replied &ldquo;Not now Susie, my schoolgirl needs to dance more with
  her Teacher and then maybe we will come back for toilet training, so just hold
  it in.&rdquo; With that being said she grabbed my hand and pulled me out of
  the bathroom, out of my room I thought.  
Once we were back in the bedroom she had us pick up our glasses again and
  take another drink. She drank hers in sips, smiling at me the entire time.
  I grew self-conscious, thoughts of me pissing myself under her command and
  liking it haunting me. She then remarked I might dance better with my leash
  and so taking it out of her bag she attached one end to my collar and jerked
  it towards her.  
Holding the leash bunched up in one hand with only less than a foot lead
  for me, she swayed in front of me, a vision of beauty and grace. She motioned
  for me to dance also and I began to sway like her but she wanted more. Mistress
  said &ldquo;Susie I know young schoolgirl sluts can do better than that in
  dancing, aren't you trying to pick your Teacher up?&rdquo; I blushed at her
  remark and lost my rhythm for the moment. She continued &ldquo;Lets see you
  try again to make your Teacher fuck you.&rdquo;  
Undulating my frame I tried to entice Mistress to want me. Hearing her speak
  those disgusting words unleashed more wantonness. I focused my energy on keeping
  eye contact with her as she held the leash in front of her chest. Her expression
  would show more delight the sensually sexier I tried to be. This positive reinforcement
  caused me to act more and more like a teenage slut on the runway at a strip
  club.  
My hands reach down, palms flat against my sides, running over my hips, hooking
  the hem with the end of my fingers, slowly pulling it so the sides are at my
  waist but the middle still covers my hot pussy. My face shows my desire. My
  tongue sneaks past my pouting lips, licking first the top and then the bottom
  in a circular motion.  
My hands, still palms down against my body with fingers splayed out, traced
  up the sides of my front over the skirt then blouse, until they reached my
  small teenage-like budding mounds. Cupping them underneath and pushing them
  upward offering them to her, my tongue flicked out and the tip licked the center
  of my upper lip slowly snaking its way back into my mouth.  
My fingers felt for the top button of my blouse and then undid it. My hands
  moving down the opening of my blouse, moving the edges outwards, showing more
  of my chest as they continue to undo each button they encounter. When my fingers
  reach my skirt my blouse is now open and rests on the edges of my shoulders
  but still held in place by the skirt, I see her eyes devour my small breasts
  covered by the lacey bra just over my areoles. My fingers grab hold of the
  blouse at my waist and pull it out of the skirt and then let it hang open as
  it falls halfway down my upper arm showing my bare shoulders.  
My palms again rest on my hips as I slowly rotate my hips with my mouth slightly
  open. My chest heaves with my strained breathing. I feel permeating warmth
  between my legs and my slit is again moist. I see her examine me head to toe
  and smile. With her smile fresh in my mind I bend my arms at the elbow and
  reach for the shirt hanging on my upper arms. Clasping the edge I pull the
  shirt moving my arms slowly down and back, letting it fall to the floor.  
My arms now move back to my upper chest along the side, the bottom of my
  palms touching the side of my ribcage, fingers resting over my bra covered
  nipples and breasts. Pulling the straps down off my shoulders with my fingers
  I let them hang loosely on my arms, the bra remaining in place over my breasts.  
My hands move down my sides, fingers over my abdomen as they reach my skirt.
  Moving down my upper thighs my fingers follow the outline of where my thighs
  attach to my trunk, following the seam until they reach my pubic area. My palms
  swivel and follow after my fingers down to my crotch along the seam over the
  skirt. My fingers bend underneath me pushing the skirt up and under me over
  my pussy. Keeping my palms flat against my pubic bone I clench my fingers against
  my crotch lewdly swaying my hips for her. I begin rocking my pelvis forward
  and back, grinding ever harder into my fingers through the skirt as I push
  my pelvis out at her.  
I see her lick her lips at my motions and now my fingers move from their
  preferred spot to come up to the skirt waistband. Feeling the catch my fingers
  release the skirt and let it fall to floor. Upon hitting the floor my tennis
  shoe clad foot kicks it behind me towards the fallen blouse. My itsy bitsy
  white thong is now visible, barely covering my slit. The dimness of the lights
  hides it wetness but I can feel it all the same and I desire and loathe it
  at the same time but pleasure continues to prevail. My palms trace their way
  over my abdomen from sides to front and back again to the sides. My panties
  getting wetter all the time and my nipples hardened under my bra, slowly rubbing
  against it.  
My hands reach up now and pull my bra down to my waist, fingers moving the
  back around to the front and then unclasping it and throwing it behind me.
  My eyes always in contact with hers, I can see her desire for me increase pushing
  me further. My hands now reach down to the waistband of the thong slowly pulling
  it down over my hips. I feel the crotch piece pull at my slit as it is stuck
  there for a moment and then is released with my downward pressure. I let it
  fall to the floor and kick it back like the skirt. I am now naked except for
  white knee socks, tennis shoes and my leashed collar.  
I can feel the wetness all along my slit. She says &ldquo;Take it all off
  Susie&rdquo; and I begin to kick my feet out of the shoes. Once out and out
  of the way I lift up one leg and pull the sock off, throwing it over my shoulder.
  I do the same with the other. I want her to want and have me so badly now.
  She smiles at me and says how pleased she is, my heart is alight.  
Mistress pulls me over to our drinks and hands me mine again. She proceeds
  to drain her wine and I do the same as we both giggle. Her hand reaches up
  and strokes my cheek as she says &ldquo;I think my schoolgirl earned her surprise.&rdquo; With
  a devious grin she continues &ldquo;Be my doggy bitch Susie and follow your
  Teacher showing me how much you want to be fucked.&rdquo;  
I slowly descend before her to all fours. She lets the leash out just enough
  so it won't pull. Once on all fours I spread my knees apart and arch my back
  so my pussy is up and visible ready to be taken for now I am her doggy bitch
  and doggy bitches need to be fucked hard from the top.  
She pulls the leash lightly and directs me to turn. I follow her looking
  up at her at all times as she is my Mistress. The leash leads me across the
  bedroom floor and down the hall. The bathroom light comes on as she leads me
  into my room and closes the door. Mistress has me sit in the middle of the
  floor before the toilet. She moves over to the commode and opens the lid and
  lifts the seat back. Her hands reach down and pull her slacks and panties down
  to below her knees. Spreading her legs she moves back until the slacks snag
  the bottom of the bowl and then she sits back some until her pelvis is over
  the open bowl. Holding her blouse up and spreading her knees as wide as they
  can go while maintaining her balance, she finally looks over at me before her
  on my knees and tells to get into the rest position she so likes.  
I spread my knees out and push my toes so they face backward while I rest
  on my knees. My palms are now facing up on my upper thighs. My eyes are now
  downcast but she tells me to look up and watch. As my eyes rise up to see her
  smooth slit before me, wanting to see her do this, she says &ldquo;Make yourself
  horny for your Teacher Susie, play with yourself show me what a slut you are.&rdquo;  
Both of my hands leave my thighs and move under me. I can feel the fingers
  of one of them spread my lips as the other pokes two fingers inside my wet
  and gapping cunt. I moan at my touch and begin to stroke my pussy, feeling
  for my clit. I can feel a pure wanton depravity consume me and my breathing
  grows more haggard. I watch her slit intently, waiting expectantly for the
  golden stream to come and I am not dismayed as it spurts out, first in a couple
  of dribbles then a stream. My fingers are now ramming in and out of my cunt
  and my other hand has spread my slit wide.  
The stream comes to an end quickly and she shakes her hips a little bit so
  the last drops fall off into the bowl. She then straightens up and stands still
  holding her blouse above her waist. One hand reaches out and turns over crooking
  a finger beckoning me to her. I am not sure what do now but even so my hands
  are now on the floor as I crawl closer to her. Looking down at me she says &ldquo;Clean
  me Susie like a good slut.&rdquo; My head moves closer to between her thighs.
  My tongue reaches out. I begin to gag but continue moving forward. My hands
  reach down and starting rubbing hard against my slit. Her beckoning hand reaches
  behind my head and guides my tongue to her upper slit where her pee hole is.
  My tongue tastes her skin and then her salty piss. I let out a deep moan as
  my fingers twist my clitoris. My tongue laps at her, cleaning the pee off of
  her. I hear her moan also and then she moves my head back. I can clearly see
  the desire in her face as she can in mine.  
She lets go of the leash and tells me to take the collar off. I sit up on
  my knees and reach behind my neck and unfasten it letting it fall to the floor.
  She takes off her blouse and bra, kicking off her slacks and panties. She pulls
  down her thigh highs and takes those off with her shoes. Other than jewelry
  she is also now naked.  
Her hands reach down and grasp the upper part of my arms, raising me off
  the floor. She whispers &ldquo;I want you Susie&rdquo; and all I can say is &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; She
  directs me into the tub and has me squat against the long wall, my legs spread.
  Mistress gets into the tub now and straddles my body so my face is between
  her legs. My fingers begin fucking me again as I know now what awaits this
  sordid slut. Her hands rest against the wall steadying her as she moves her
  pelvis so the top of the slit is above my face. My tongue comes out of my mouth
  waiting for its surprise. I watch as first a few droplets come out and then
  a stream. It hits my face so I have to close my eyes. I feel the warm liquid
  cover my face and some of my hair until I get my mouth positioned so it runs
  down my throat. I greedily swallow as I ram my fingers in and out of my cunt.
  I yell out &ldquo;Piss on me Mistress piss on the cunt please pleasseeeee pleaasssssseeeeeee&rdquo; and
  then I began to cum. I feel the warm liquid run around my knees as it runs
  down the drain. I kept cumming as the piss overflowed my mouth and feel down
  over my breasts and eventually ran over my slit. I wanted to be her piss slut
  and in wanting it so badly I started to cum and just kept having orgasms one
  on top of the other it seemed until I was spent. I could hear her moaning as
  she watched me gobble up her pee.  
Her flow came to a stop and so I reached up with my tongue and cleaned her
  again. Licking her pussy longingly, her hands reach behind my head cupping
  my face against her. My tongue reaches to find her hole and her pelvis begins
  to rut against my face. Her pace quickens as my tongue finds it way inside.
  I hear her moaning getting louder as she finally jerks cumming all over my
  face. I feel so good.  
After she recovers she lifts me up and kisses me passionately. I return her
  kiss getting excited again thinking of her kissing me after being covered in
  her piss and drinking it all the same. She reaches over and turns on the shower
  as she closes the curtain. We make love with our fingers as we shower, both
  of us cumming again. Later we spend the night playing in bed, kissing and licking
  one another, until we fall asleep in each others arms, the Teacher and her
  schoolgirl piss slut.  
A Painful Lunch   
   
Over the rest of the weekend I felt absolutely terrible. I would not check
  my private email account as I could not face Karen anymore. The more I thought
  about what I had done in the bathroom the more upset it made me. Sometimes
  I would just go into the Office bathroom in my home when everyone was out of
  hearing range and sit down and cry. One time I did this and I started to get
  aroused thinking about her pissing on my face and in my mouth. This made me
  so ashamed at myself that I took off my belt to my pants after taking them
  off and then whipping my evil cunt until it was red and sore. Even though this
  made me more aroused it also helped me by letting me focus on the pain and
  hence the shame for my disgusting desires.  
As the work week started it had snowed so many people did not show up at
  work including Karen in the beginning of the week. For this I was glad as I
  really did not want to see her as I know I would be mortified. However she
  did come into work on Wednesday and I had seen her at a meeting but did not
  look at her. She must have noticed my cold shoulder for she called and asked
  how I was doing later in the afternoon. All I could say was fine but she kept
  pressing and I finally just said I had some problems with the way the trip
  went. She queried if it was something she had done and I said no it really
  was just what I did and I had a hard time talking about it. She asked me if
  I wanted to go to lunch tomorrow and we could talk about it further as it was
  wrong for me to hold this inside of me and dwell on it. I agreed that maybe
  that was a good approach and so we would have lunch on Thursday.  
* * * * *  
I went to work on Thursday still feeling a bit despondent and knowing in
  my heart that my lunch meeting with Karen would probably not help at all. I
  even began to think about how I would tell her I was no longer interested in
  this. As I thought about how and what I would say that morning at home, I decided
  to dress in my normal clothes like I had done before. This meant a pair of
  regular white panties with a sports-bra which tended to work well with me.
  I put on a white tank t-shirt over the bra and then a fuzzy cotton gray turtleneck
  as it is not so form fitting and thus helps to give the impression that my
  breasts may be larger than they are. For slack I picked a pair of wool dark
  gray ones with a slight light gray pinstripe. For shoes and socks it was dark
  gray knee-highs with black leather loafers having only an inch and a half heel.
  I did make sure my hair was done properly with some bounce and my makeup was
  attractive but conservative. I thought this is what I was born to be, a good
  conservative Mom, wife and businesswoman.  
* * * * *  
Lunchtime finally came and Karen called me on the phone to see if I would
  meet her in the parking lot as she would drive. I had no problem with that
  other than a little worry about being under her control even if it is only
  her having the car. I donned my winter coat and went out to the parking lot
  to meet her at 11:30 as we agreed. I had made sure I did not have any upcoming
  meetings after lunch in case our discussion went longer than expected.  
As I left the building I saw her walking to her car and so followed her.
  She got into the car once she arrived there and I got in a moment or so later.
  Karen was very chipper and all smiles when she greeted me. I smiled as best
  as I could and she said she would have to find a way to make me happy again
  as we drove off. Nothing was said as we were driving but we didn't drive for
  too long. As we passed the local mall she drove in and parked in the lot away
  from the main buildings. I did not know what to make of this but she answered
  my unasked question by saying maybe we should talk a little bit here first
  before going anywhere else. I agreed that might be a good idea.  
She drives to a private spot without any cars around us. Turning off the
  engine she turns to me and caringly asks what is wrong. I try to tell her but
  fumble for words. I decide to just blurt it out and say "Karen, I just can't
  anymore, I really can't do this." I wait for her to yell, scream or do whatever
  but all she calmly says is "go on."  
I was a bit surprised but continued on stating my case saying "Karen you
  are just wonderful but what we did, I did, was just so terrible" and my voice
  started to crack saying "and I enjoyed it." I started to sob and my palms covered
  my lowered face. Talking into my hands, sobbing more, I said "You can't like
  me for that; no one could like a pig!" I started crying now, my body heaving
  as the tears flowed freely. I still do not know if she understood me as I continued
  talking while crying saying "I am so disgusted with myself that I had to whip
  my cunt to feel better." I sat there now and cried in big heaves.  
Karen waited a few moments before saying "Sue I am sorry for the turmoil
  you are going through now and, in a way, I expected it to occur eventually." "You
  are so very special to me and now so close to my heart" she continued "and
  Sue you are not a pig but a beautiful butterfly that has recently sprouted
  wings and has let me gaze upon your inner self and for that I am forever thankful."  
My crying now was slowing down and my hands tentatively left my face. I looked
  up at her and seeing her warm loving smile I felt a slight bit of joy inside. "I
  think I know what you seek now Sue and I can give you that to ease your pain
  and replace it with joy or we can come to an end and be still very good friends" she
  said. I quizzically looked at her saying "What do you mean Karen by replacing
  my disgust with joy?" Karen stared into my soul and said "You can find out
  in the next hour and if it does not work then just say 'mouse' as we have agreed
  and all will be as before as best as it can." I searched for an answer in myself
  as reflected in her eyes. I truly believed I uncovered it as it seemed to leap
  out at me after a moment and I said "Yes Mistress" with as much determination
  as I could.  
She tried to soothe me some by saying that it would be ok and I smiled some.
  Mistress then said for me to fix my makeup before we got to her place as this
  was one of her contingencies. I wondered what she had in mind and tried not
  to think about it as I just hoped she could do something about my turmoil.
  She put the car in gear and we drove out of the lot towards her place. As we
  drove I looked in the vanity mirror and could see what a mess I now was. My
  mascara had run down my cheeks and my hair looked a mess. I used some tissues
  to clean up my cheeks and eyes followed by brushing my hair. I reapplied the
  mascara and freshened my lipstick. I felt a little better now anyway. Looking
  over at her she turned and smiled at me saying "So beautiful and precious you
  are Sue." I blushed and lowered my eyes a soft sigh escaping.  
As we turned into her community she then began to explain by saying "Sue
  when we get to my home I will be very strong and dominating but this is what
  I think you need now." Continuing before I could speak she said "I do not want
  you to respond or say anything now rather waiting to see if this can work for
  you, I just wanted to warn you that this will seem to be rough but trust me
  on this." I thought for a moment about what she had said and then nodded my
  consent as we drove in silence up to her lair.  
Once we stopped we both got out of the car. She came around to where I was
  standing and put her arm in mine and softly said "Come with me Sue" and I went
  with her across her threshold. As I stepped into her hands I hoped I was making
  the right decision. Karen just smiled at me as she held the door until I had
  stepped inside and then closed it behind me.  
I was brought to a halt in my steps as she loudly said "Stop right there
  pig!" I felt a fear well up inside me making it hard for me to breathe. She
  continued "That's right Sue you are a pig, a slutty and whorish pig at that,
  aren't you?" I just stood still shaking. "Tell Mistress what you are Sue!" she
  commanded. I could not speak even as I opened my mouth to. Mistress yelled "Tell
  Mistress SUE!" My vocal chords seemed to come free at her command and I blurted
  out "I am a slut that needs to be punished for being a pig Mistress."  
Mistress walked around me to stand in front of me a few feet away and said "Good!
  Now be a good slut and strip." I trembled under her gaze as I started to comply.
  I kicked my shoes off to the side and pulled the turtleneck over my head laying
  it on my shoes. I followed this by taking off the t-shirt followed by the sports
  bra. Her control over me has made my nipples hard. My hands undo the slacks
  and I pull them down over my hips and pull them off of each leg and lay them
  with the other clothes. I follow this with the knee socks. All that is now
  left are the regular white panties. I start to take them off but her head moves
  side to side indicating no so I stop. Chuckling she motions for me to follow
  her as she says "Such a proper lady you try to be with your matronly panties
  Sue but you and I know you are my slut and my pig when I want you to be." Mistress
  walks into her bedroom and then into her bathroom with her tramp following
  dutifully behind.  
She has me get into the tub and face the wall with the plumbing fixtures,
  legs pushed out and back and hands against the wall supporting me. Karen walks
  out into her bedroom for a moment and then returns with a wide leather belt.
  Snapping the belt in her hands to put me on edge she says "Beg slut for the
  punishment pig's deserve." I close my eyes, lowering my head between my outstretched
  arms, saying "Beat this pig Mistress please." "I will beat you Sue when you
  show me how much of a pig you are in those momma panties, show me slut" she
  commanded.  
My body went all tense as it registered what she meant. I could feel the
  panties lightly against my skin as they were just slightly too big as it was
  hard to get this type of panty in the smallest petite size. My clitoris started
  to harden as the blood supply flowed to it and moistness saturated my insides.
  My bladder was now exerting pressure to be emptied and I could almost feel
  the golden elixir wind its way through my internal plumbing. As I felt it coming
  near, I hoarsely said "Whip the piss slut Mistress please whip the pig." Upon
  finishing my request I moaned as a flowing warmness filled the crotch of my
  panties and began to leak out of the sides and flow down my legs. I shuddered
  and held a deep gulp of air in my lungs as feelings of shame and humiliation
  enflamed my passion. Right then I felt a tremendous sting across a wide part
  of my ass as the belt came down hard. The piss kept flowing and another crack
  on my ass followed by another and yet another. Pain and escape enveloped me
  as the beating continued until I had emptied myself into the tub and down the
  drain.  
In a very commanding tone she now said "Now cum for your Mistress pig by
  rubbing your wet panties and the whipping will stop." The belt continued to
  hit my hurting and by now reddened cheeks. One of my hands came off the wall
  and went between my legs and started to rub hard the fouled and soaked panties.
  I did not care as I rubbed as hard as I could, moaning louder and louder. I
  could feel the power of the belt as it struck me over and over until I yelled
  out "Yessssssss Misssssssstressssssss" and came before her trembling from head
  to toe. The feeling of release swept me like a strong wave at the shore.  
As the strains of ecstasy began to ebb she held a towel before me and told
  me to take off the soaked panties and dry myself off quickly. I pulled the
  panties off feeling the stinging from my rear. It seemed to be all over it
  and I knew by now there had to be a deep redness. I stepped out of them and
  then took the offered towel and dried off the pee down my thighs and around
  where my panties had been. She motioned for me to drop the towel and follow
  her which I did.  
Leaving the bedroom we went to my room. Here she had made some changes. She
  had one of those old stand-alone dressing mirrors in one corner of the room
  and she had attached two by fours to the side walls across from one another
  further into the room, extending from floor to ceiling. Attached to the boards
  were large eyehooks both high and low. She had me stand in the center of the
  room between them and then getting chains and cuffs she cuffed my arms and
  legs to these hooks stretching them out as far as they could go so I was standing
  spread-eagled.  
My skin now itched from the dried pee and my body now reeked of the smell
  of urine. I did not care as she stood in front of me and said "A disgusting
  little girl you are Susie." I did not know why but all of a sudden I responded "Yes
  Mommy" in a little girl's voice. Mistress looked at me a moment with a bit
  of amazement in her face and then quickly replied "Yes little Susie, Mommy
  thinks you are a dirty little bitch peeing on yourself and look you don't even
  have woman's titties yet." I must have turned the darkest shade of crimson
  upon hearing that remark and looking away I meekly replied "Yes Mommy."  
Mistress then went over to a dresser and brought back two identical items
  both with alligator clips and weights. Holding them before me she said "Well
  Mommy can at least help her little bitch get some tits" and with that she pulled
  my right nipple harshly and clipped on the weight. I yelled out moving my hips
  to the left trying but unable to get away from the pain of the biting clip.
  It felt like my nipple was on fire with pain as if needles had broken the skin
  of my hard nipple. Before I could even look at its current weighted deformity
  I felt my other nipple being abused and clipped like the first. I screamed
  out.  
Mistress stepped back as I continued to howl in pain and said "See Susie,
  Mommy's precious little girl will have tits soon like her Mommy" while cupping
  her hands under her breasts and holding them out in front of me. Stepping in
  closer to me I felt her fingers reach between my slit and feel for my hole.
  Upon locating it two of them pushed directly inside causing me to rise up on
  my toes and gasp. The fingers pushed up as far as they could go and then she
  pulled them outwards lifting me off the ground by my cunt with me crying out
  as I felt the painful discomfort.  
Her arm then descended some to let me rest my feet back on the ground. As
  the soles of my feet again felt solid earth I could feel a burning passion
  emanating from my loins. I wanted her to take me now and that desire showed
  in my face and even in hers but she would not yet have any of those fruits.  
She went over to the corner and brought the mirror out to a yard in front
  of me with the mirror facing me. I could see almost my entire body except for
  my hands and feet. I could see the incredible lust in my eyes as they examined
  the weights pulling my small breasts down by the nipples. The pain from the
  fanged clips enraptured me in pleasure tainted pain.  
I saw her now pick up a cat-o-nine-tails. She walked behind me after navigating
  through the taut chains and said "And what do pig's cunts need Susie, tell
  your Mommy?" Barely audible I replied "Whipped Mommy." My body tensed awaiting
  its needed punishment. Instead I first felt her hands slip around my chest
  then squeezing and pulling my breasts. I cried out in continuous moans. I watched
  as my body writhed in tormented ecstasy as I became the little girl slut.  
Letting go of my breasts I felt a moment of relief and relished it. However
  before too much time had passed I felt a burning sensation all through my pubic
  area causing me to yelp. Mistress then said "Now Mommy will teach Susie what
  happens to little girl sluts who pee their panties" following those words with
  another stinging blow from between my legs as the nine-tails was whipped underhand
  by her through my legs. I yelped again in pain. The outer tendrils of tails
  had spread out across my lower abdomen once the lower ones had first struck
  my pussy so each tip created a little stinging welt of pain. "What does Mommy's
  little slut Susie want?" I heard Mistress ask from behind me. As I finished
  responding with "For Mommy to whip Susie's naughty privates" I felt another
  hit of the tails. Mistress then said "Again" with me repeating "For Mommy to
  whip Susie's naughty privates" and she following with another blow to my pee-hole
  and pussy. She had me do this until she had whipped my pussy ten times. My
  entire lower trunk now hurt, front, rear and underneath. At the same time I
  was hot with wanton desire and I needed to cum. Mistress seemed to have the
  same thing in mind.  
As I looked in the mirror seeing the front of my loins above my slit red
  with hits from the tails and my nipples being dragged down by the weights,
  I could see Mistress behind me partially. She put down the tails and grabbed
  an armless desk chair, placing it under me between my legs but it was too low
  for me to even touch with any part of my body. She looked at the space between
  the seat and my crotch for a few moments and then seemed satisfied with the
  chair. She turned around behind me so I could not see her. My body blocked
  the lower half of her body so I could not see that either, only her shoulder
  area and back of her head were clearly visible to me.  
After a minute or so she turned around and came up beside me. That is when
  I noticed she had put the strap-on harness on and had the larger dildo mounted
  in its place. She ran her hand over my slit and inside of it catching my wetness
  with her fingers. I shivered and moaned at her touch. I watched as her fingers
  worked my wetness over the tip of her cock making it slippery for me and easier
  for Mistress. My breath was rapid now and in spurts as I longed to be fucked
  by her.  
Mistress then pulled the chair back behind me again and sat down on it. She
  moved the chair forward somewhat so she just behind me. I felt her cock rub
  against the outside of my slit and then slowly enter me. I moaned with pleasure.
  Mistress picked the chair up slightly off the floor and moved it so her cock
  was directly underneath me now and with this new position it had penetrated
  further. Her hands now rested on my splayed upper thighs and she began to push
  herself out of the chair and pull me towards her at the same time. Her cock
  buried itself in my cunt and the pleasure made me groan while I felt my arms
  and legs pulled taught by the chains. I began watching her fuck my cunt in
  the mirror with my hips trying to press down on it helping her as I wanted
  to suck it inside me. I started twisting my head back and forth groaning with
  the building orgasm. Her breathing was loud as she kept pushing up higher and
  higher into me with every stroke. I whimpered "cummmm bitch needs to cummmmm
  Misssstresss." She heard me even though I barely voiced it as she replied "Just
  a&hellip;moment more&hellip;.Sue." I felt her push harder into me than before
  as she blurted out "Now Sue Now!"  
I felt my whole body convulse as my pussy contracted violently as the orgasm
  swept through me. Mistress was straining as she continued to hold herself off
  the chair implanting her cock fully in my spread pussy. I could feel her body
  spasm also as she came as the same time, her holding onto my hips to keep us
  mated. She finally lost her energy and feel back into the chair although the
  head of gorgeous cock still hidden behind my lips. My cunt continued to palpitate
  around the spear of pleasure. I felt wonderful and released from my despair.  
When we had fully recovered enough to move around she released me from my
  confines. Slowly and with great care she took off the weighted clamps and rubbed
  my breasts and nipples for me to restore circulation. She did the same with
  my ankles and wrists as I rested in the chair watching her do this as her beautiful
  cock hung in front of her. I sighed at the beautiful sight. She then held me
  with her arms in getting me out of the chair and we walked arm in arm to the
  shower for a quick luscious turn under the water before returning to work.  
A Filling Dinner   
   
After returning to work Thursday afternoon, and into that night at home,
  my entire pelvic area hurt, front, back and under me. It felt so reassuring
  to feel the results of my depravity and kept me warm inside. That night I had
  to be especially careful so that my husband did not see the welts on the cheeks
  of my ass and pussy area. I liked that they stayed some but I did need them
  to go away soon however otherwise it would be impossible to explain.  
I remembered going into the bathroom to get changed that night for bed. Normally
  I would have changed in my bedroom with my husband there to watch but this
  time that was not a good idea. Once I had taken off my underwear I could see
  the red marks, some deeper colored than others, but all still sensitive to
  touch. I would never be able to explain this to him I thought to myself. I
  quickly got dressed in very covering nightclothes and when finished up with
  my pre-bed chores I jumped in bed with my husband and feel sound asleep almost
  immediately.  
* * * * *  
The next morning I felt wonderful and what made it even better was that the
  red strips were disappearing rapidly now. I no longer felt depressed at all.  
* * * * *  
On Saturday my husband and I had an engagement to attend the local city theatre
  series. The play being shown was more appealing to women but my husband liked
  to attend the series in general and so we both always looked forward to going.
  This time was no different. However the continuing unusually cold weather and
  the rash of germs abounding conspired to have my husband come down with a bad
  cold and so felt he would be unable to attend the play. He did mention to me
  to see if I could find a girl friend to go with if I wanted as he could watch
  the children. Immediately it occurred to me to try and call Karen which I did
  after feigning reluctance to maintain the proper illusion. I very much loved
  him so.  
I called Karen and told her of the situation and opportunity after luckily
  finding her home. She said that she had wanted to see the play anyway but it
  had slipped her mind recently, chuckling as she said that. She added that she
  would be honored to be my guest. We talked about when and where to meet and
  she suggested we go out for dinner before hand and I should stop first at her
  place. I happily agreed to this and then she told me what to wear for our date.  
* * * * *  
I was still a bit perplexed by her choice of garb for me, as I had been throughout
  the day, but she was in charge and I did want to please her. I had taken my
  shower and properly shaved for her. It did take me a bit longer than usual
  to shave as I was still quite tender in that spot. All the other disciplined
  areas were now spotless and felt fine. I used some perfume on my shaven pubic
  area above my slit and had to hold back a cry for a moment. The receding stinging
  was replaced with warmth helped along by dreams of this evening.  
Completing my middle-age motherly makeup style, per Karen's instructions,
  I put on a matronly white bra with matching panties and nude pantyhose. I covered
  this with a white full slip. Finally I put on a dark red conservative dress
  with big shoulders and a blousy pleated front with a full pleated skirt. The
  shoes were dark red leather medium heels with a gold buckle matching the purse
  I would be using. For outerwear I had a fur trimmed black cape with dark red
  leather gloves. I added small gold hoop earrings to the ensemble. I looked
  very much the nerdy suburban working mom.  
I kissed my husband goodbye and did the same for the children as well as
  wishing them a good night and then I drove to Karen's. Arriving at the expected
  time I knocked on her door and she let me in. She was dressed in a similar
  outfit to when we were just away, a black slacks and turtleneck combination.
  The effect definitely accented her Mediterranean inspired beauty. Inviting
  me and closing the door behind me I felt her eyes examining my image. I felt
  so disgustingly ugly dressed this way but she said she wanted me this way so
  I just had to comply.  
Karen took my cape, laying it over her arm, and proceeded to walk around
  me, inspecting her goods, making sure her instructions were accurately carried
  out. I smiled knowing I had done my best to please her, although I still wondered
  why she wanted me dressed this dumpy way. Mistress wanted to see my lower slip
  and panty hose which I showed her while she remarked on how my attractiveness
  seemed to have vanished. She continued though by saying "Mistress will make
  her slut attractive again mark my words", smiling devilishly. I shuddered at
  what impending doom would befall me.  
Mistress motioned for me to follow her to her bedroom and then onto her bathroom.
  I felt acute embarrassment as we entered the room where I fully debased myself
  being a slutty pig for her. I hoped it would not be worse than that, in fact
  I began to pray it would not be. She had me stand in the center of the bathroom
  as she sat on the lid of the toilet, legs crossed showing how beautiful she
  is, looking intently with concern at me. I am visibly trembling now.  
Karen starts talking about the need for a Mistress to show her slave how
  much power she has over the slave and how the slave who obeys gets special
  rewards. I am now wondering what she means. I do shudder at what she means
  by the 'power' and how it is shown but then that fear is mitigated by the sweet
  thoughts of rewards. As I am caught in a daydream of good and bad implications
  I hear Mistress as if from far away calling to me. I snap out of it as I hear
  her yell my name and I apologize for not paying attention well. I hold my head
  down, eyes fixated on a tile in the floor, not wanting to lose that anchor
  now. My pussy becomes damp as I think of my owner debasing me further, helping
  to release my inner desires.  
Mistress says "Sue that is what I mean, slaves need to be reminded of the
  need to solely devote their existence to their Mistress, so tonight you are
  going to be reminded." "Pull the top of the dress down Sue!" she continued
  in her matter of fact, yet commanding tone. I complied with her wish unbuttoning
  the back of the dress and pulling my arm through the sleeves, letting the top
  part lay down across my front. She now stands before me. She has me let the
  straps of the slip slide down my upper arms and then her hands pull the front
  of it down from covering my bra. Her hands deftly reach under the front of
  my bra and pull it up and off of my breasts. I am too shocked to react as she
  did it too fast. Before I can move Mistress commands "Stay," and I stand still
  as she turns and opens a box on the back of the toilet taking out two rubber
  bands.  
Karen first takes my hardening nipples between her fingers of each hand and
  kneads them with her fingers. Alternately squeezing, pulling and twisting them
  she proceeds to make them quite hard and me quite hot. Now she proceeds to
  put the rubber bands on the base of each nipple, wrapping them over and over
  until she elicits a grimace from me and then she smiles and stops. She lets
  me put my bra, slip and dress back where they belong and I am thankful although
  my nipples now hurt yet deliciously so for she wants it.  
After getting my outfit back together in good order I can feel the insistent
  but manageable pain from my nipples. This does help to remind me to remember
  to serve her needs first and foremost always, and I am amazed by that. I smile
  at Mistress not realizing she was not done.  
I still wonder why we are in the bathroom when she opens the bathroom vanity
  and takes out a plastic grocery bag containing something large and a bit heavy
  which she puts down on the sink. She takes out the first item and it looks
  just like the strap-on harness yet different. I look to discern what is different
  about it as she begins to get it ready for use. She then takes out a small
  rubberized black object and places it down on its base. I try to figure out
  what it is as it resembles an odd shape of an egg on a stand almost. As I am
  trying to figure it out Mistress takes out some KY jelly and places it down
  also. Now I am beginning to worry.  
She takes the jelly and places a couple of drops near the tip of the object
  evenly placed around it. She then sits down on seat again and looks up at me
  and says "Sue today you will know I own you completely and you will do as I
  want." "This here is a butt plug, albeit a smaller one as you have not done
  much anal and it will be held in by the chastity belt I got for my slut" she
  said to me, as she looked into my eyes. I was definitely afraid and did not
  like the way things were turning.  
My thoughts must have showed in my face for she said "Sue you are my owned
  slut and you will do as I wish, in fact you will do it now for me." She continued
  to say "Take up your dress and slip and drop the hose and panties then turn
  around and bend over like my bitch." I stood there shaking as I did not want
  this done to me for I did not like anal at all at least to now. She waited
  only a few moments for me to comply and then said "Bitch you will do it now
  or I will have to whip your pussy and I will not let you cum, your choice." I
  trembled at her harsh words as I did not want to have my pussy whipped again
  and definitely not without me being able to cum otherwise I would just feel
  the pain and frustration. I knew know she owned me completely and with a downcast
  visage I lifted my dress and slip, clasping them above my waist. Mistress watches
  as I then pull down the hose and panties to my knees. I felt mortified. My
  hands held the dress as she said "Turn around and bend over bitch." I turn
  around ashamed of myself and bend over with my holes now visible to my Mistress.  
Karen tells me to back up some to get closer to her. I do as she requests
  feeling ashamed. To make my shame even worse she says "Why Sue I see you are
  already wet, that is good for that will help you some." I cringe at her words
  and yet know I am her slut and I want to be her whore.  
I feel her fingers slide over my wet sex and moan softly spreading my legs
  slightly wider and arching my back more so my pussy is more accessible to her.
  She says "My, isn't my slut horny for her Mistress tonight but that will have
  to wait for later." Her hands now grasp each of my cheeks and spread them out
  so she can view my shameful disgusting area. I can feel my face flush as I
  am blushing hard now. I hear her say behind me "This will not hurt at all Sue
  but will feel different and once it is in you need to hold it in place for
  a few minutes." I whimper "Yes Mistress."  
I feel one of her hands leave my cheek and then I feel the object being pushed
  up to me. Mistress says "What as cute rosebud you have Sue and this will help
  make it a bit wider" and with that I feel what she later calls a 'butt plug'
  being pushed into me. It slides in on its own due to the jelly and there is
  a bit of discomfort initially as the wide part passes by the rectal muscle
  but then most of the discomfort is gone as it is lodged in place. Once done
  she tells me to stand straight up.  
As I stand I feel the pressure of the plug and it is discomforting although
  oddly I feel slightly warm inside at this new possession of me. Mistress then
  tells me to turn around and face her which I do. Once facing her she says "Hold
  your clothes up and spread your legs for me Sue so we can complete your ownership." Reluctantly
  I do as I am now finding it is hard to hold the lubricated plug in place and
  I have to squeeze my cheeks together hard to hold it in place. This just makes
  me feel even trashier than before.  
Mistress picks up the chastity belt and opens it fully out. I see inside
  is a small dildo attached to the crotch of the harness. She looks up at me
  and chuckles while saying "Well Sue sluts like you do not need lube for your
  cunt do you now?" Blushing furiously I lower my head and close my eyes as I
  say "No Mistress Your slut is always wet like a bitch in heat." I am mortified
  by what is happening to me.  
Taking the belt and sliding it through my legs she brings the dildo piece
  up to my slit. Mistress tells me to let her little cock into me and I comply,
  feeling it easily penetrate my wet pussy. A wave of pleasure emanates from
  my loins now. Mistress then proceeds to buckle the whole contraption in place
  and now the butt plug is held in place by a wide piece of leather covering
  my crack. I feel stuffed and yet I am trembling and leaking out more of my
  juices showing what a slut I am for her.  
She admires her work as she continues to have me hold my clothes up like
  a little girl. When she is satisfied she reaches over to one side of the belt
  where one of the buckles is located and attaches something small and brass
  colored to it. She then proceeds to do the same for the other side. Smiling
  now she says "Well Sue now you are locked in so truly captured by your Mistress." I
  look down and see what she has said is true; I am locked in the belt with locks
  on both sides and one in the front to let the strap down leaving the harness
  in place. I look back at her with a pleading look and she says "Don't worry
  Sue I will let you out when needed like when you need to go take a pee maybe," chuckling
  at the remark and the embarrassment it causes me. It also causes me to get
  a bit wetter and I can feel some dripping out onto the belt. Her hand comes
  up and she slaps one of my cheeks with her hand, waking me out of dwelling
  on my leaking, and says "Put your clothes on slut there is no play time right
  now." I drop my clothes back down to cover and dread what she may have in mind
  for this evening although at the same time I feel a pang of remorse that play
  must wait until later.  
Karen now leads me out to the living room where we retrieve out outer garments.
  I know I am walking odd with my being filled up and all. We walk out and get
  in her car. As I sit down I gasp slightly at the feeling of the butt plug being
  seemingly pushed in further. The dildo now is resting against my clit as I
  feel a wonderful sensation but realize to my dismay that the entire night will
  be like this and I am already finding it hard to sit still as I want to wiggle
  my pelvis back and forth on the seat so I can cum.  
* * * * *  
We drive to the restaurant and go in to eat. It is a nice place, one of those
  chain places that try to be upscale. We sit down at a table and both look over
  the menu. The entire time I can feel both plugs inside me and I dare not move
  for the slut inside me could truly be unleashed. I definitely can tell I am
  wet and hope it will not leak out and cause me to soil my dress so people can
  see. All the time I am thinking this, Mistress is busy looking at the menu.  
She finally decides what she is going to order and asks me what I am having.
  I look down and blush saying I had not looked yet for which she wanted to know
  what I had been doing sitting there as she smiled. I say very quietly "I am
  trying to remain still Mistress." She chuckles and asks why. I quietly say "I
  do not want the plugs to move Mistress." She is laughing softly and wants to
  know why I do not want to move. With a bit of frustration I say "I do not want
  to get excited Mistress."  
She looks at me for a moment, staring into my eyes with hers, and says "I
  want you to be excited though Sue, I want you to be leaking out like the slut
  you are, I want you to be beg to cum later tonight." As she finished the waitress
  came to take our order. Karen ordered first so I had some time to pick a dish
  to order which I did. After I had ordered it I could feel my loins become tingly
  and I slowly started to move back and forth in the chair wanting to cum tonight.  
* * * * *  
When dinner was over we left the restaurant to get back in the car and go
  to the play. As we were driving there Mistress had me lift up my dress and
  slip and then she placed her hand over the strap through my crotch under my
  panties and hose. Gripping it by the sides she pulled it up and I gasped. She
  did this a couple of more times each time I let out a little moan now. She
  smiles at me and says the chastity belt is holding up well and tells me to
  put my slip and skirt down again. I sit there feeling the warmth in my pussy
  and wanting to touch it but cannot so I start slowly moving my pelvis in the
  car skirt not really paying attention to the now leaking wetness.  
When we get to the garage near the theatre in the city she parks on a level
  with less cars that seems a bit darker than the others due to some lights being
  out. I think nothing of it. As we get out of the car she asks me to come around
  to her side which I do. She then asks for me to remove my coat and turn around,
  and although perplexed by her request I do it. After a moment she tells me
  to put the coat back on and with a smile says "Sue when we go in the theatre
  be careful how you remove your coat as the back of your dress is wet from my
  slut wetting herself." I am mortified and blush deep red looking down at the
  ground. She does not let me sit there and think about it too long as she grabs
  me by my arm and we head towards the theatre.  
We go into the theatre and find our assigned seats. All the time I am getting
  worried somehow someone will notice that I have soiled the back of my dress.
  As I walk I realize my panties and hose are getting soaked in the lower crotch
  area as the little cock stuffed in me is letting my wetness flow out along
  its sides and there is nothing I can do to stem the flow. When we get to the
  seats I sit down with my coat on and then take it off my arms while seated
  so no one can see my shame.  
During the play, when it is dark in the theatre, she holds my hand caressingly.
  I feel so good and my body reacts to that feeling. My nipples are now hard
  and every once and a while I brush my free upper arm against my breast so I
  can feel the nipples hardness and sensitivity. My vaginal muscles are now trying
  to squeeze the little cock and I can't seem to stop it. My sphincter muscle
  in my rear keeps squeezing the plug in my ass intensifying the feelings in
  my pussy. I have a very hard time concentrating on the play but in the end
  am able to keep up. By the end of the play I find I thoroughly enjoyed the
  performance and also my private performance for myself as I am very excited
  now but it does not show on the outside and I was able to last without asking
  to cum.  
We put our coats on and proceed to walk to leave the theatre. I ask Mistress
  if I can go to the Ladies Room but she says no we will wait until later. I
  try to ask again but she motions me to silence. As we walk out of the theatre
  into the cold air I feel the wetness all around my pussy chill and this makes
  me want to go more. When we are walking alone I try and ask her again saying
  that I really need to go and all she says is wait a few more minutes. I do
  not ask anymore for now she will let me pee soon. I did not think of where
  she would let me pee and I should have.  
We get to the car and there is no one around at the moment except for cars
  leaving the lot that drive past us once and a while. As I walk to my side of
  the car she follows me and I am wondering why. I really need to pee now and
  hope we are driving somewhere close. Mistress tells me stop before I open the
  car door and says "Does my slut really want to pee?" I turn towards her and
  as I am pushing my thighs together to keep from pissing I say "Yes Mistress
  please" with a slight bit of strain in my voice.  
Smiling, Mistress looks at me and says "Pee here Sue." I am astounded by
  what she had said and do not reply. She continues by saying "Pull your skirt
  and slip up Sue and take down the panties and hose and I will unlock the lock
  to let you go here." I immediately respond "Not here Mistress please" pleading
  with her. She retorts "You will pee here Sue either with your clothes on or
  off, it is your choice." I am crushed by her control over me. I know I will
  pee here now and so my choice is peeing in my clothes and getting them all
  wet or doing as she wanted. I hike my skirt and slip and pull down my panties
  and hose, all the time my eyes are downcast and tears are coming to them as
  I softly sob at the trashy slut I have become.  
I stand there holding my clothes up with my underclothes down to my knees.
  Mistress walks over to me and takes out one of the keys and pulls me closer
  to her by the chastity belt making me almost stumble into her. I feel ever
  more ashamed and out of control now. She unlocks it and then pulls it down
  and out so the pussy plug comes out. She tells me to reach around and hold
  onto the crotch strap so it does not hit the ground. I do as she says. Mistress
  looks at me and says "Crouch down Sue and pee right here for your Owner, show
  me what a slut you are for me by watching me as you do this."  
I look at her eyes and see the beauty within. I bend my knees forward and
  squat. I keep my eyes focused on hers and I can feel my face go from flushed
  to all white at what I am doing. Before I start to pee Mistress says "and slut
  don't let the butt plug fall out." I continue to look at her and I feel my
  bladder working, sending the golden stream of my ownership through my body
  until I hear it hit the ground. I see her eyes staring at mine and also between
  my legs watching the stream exit me and spread across the ground letting a
  warm mist rise up from the grounds coldness. I can feel the spray as the stream
  hits the ground hit my legs wetting my hose. My pussy now yearns for release
  and I so want Mistress to whip my pussy for being such a slut. I let the stream
  continue and concentrate on pleasing only her for that is what makes all of
  this bearable and wonderful.  
When I am finished she has me stand up. She has me hand her the crotch strap
  through my legs making me feel mortified. Luckily I note that no one passed
  by in a car or walking. She pulls the strap, jerking me forward and then relocks
  it. Mistress then has me get dressed again and then we both get in the car
  to drive back to her house, neither of us saying a word. I feel my vaginal
  muscle squeezing the pussy plug rapidly now and I know I must stop this or
  else I would cum in the car in her front seat. How could this happen to me,
  I wondered.  
We arrive at her house and we go inside. Once inside she has me go to my
  room to clean up my clothes some and take them off. I disrobe taking everything
  off other than the chastity belt. I walk out of my room and over to her bedroom.
  Mistress is waiting there for me naked except for her strap-on. She is running
  her hand up and down its length obviously waiting for her slave's cunt. I immediately
  want her cock inside of me.  
Mistress calls me over and tells me to suck her cock. I get down on my knees
  and proceed to lick it along its length and then take her in my mouth. Swallowing
  as much as I can I begin to move my mouth up and down it getting it wet. Mistress
  tells me to stand up when she feels I have done enough. She takes the keys
  and unlocks the locks taking off the harness that captured me. I see the pussy
  plug is slick with my wetness. Mistress hands me the belt and tells me to clean
  off the plug. I shudder but know this is my job and I must please her. I take
  the belt from her and hold it in my hands and bring the plug to my mouth. I
  feel like retching but hold it back and stick the plug in my mouth, the belt
  and strap hanging loosely. I take all of it in my mouth and suck it as she
  watches.  
I can see the lust in her eyes and finally she pushes me onto the bed. I
  gasp with surprise the plug still in my mouth. She gets between my legs as
  she spreads them. I start to take the plug out but she says no. Her cock is
  now before my pussy and she pushes it past the slit. Finding the hole she pushes
  her cock into my pussy. I groan and continue sucking on the plug as if it was
  my mother's breast and I was a baby hungry for more milk. Mistress proceeds
  to fuck me telling me not to let the ass plug out. I concentrate on squeezing
  my sphincter muscle to hold it in place. This acts to also squeeze on her cock
  and it makes me want more. I spread my legs very wide to give her better access.
  I feel the cock hit the top of my vagina and it hurts me. My face contorts
  in pain as I spread my legs wider so her cock can hurt me more. I feel the
  pain in my cunt and I cry out "more Mistress please." She is consumed by lust
  as much as I. Karen rams her cock into me over and over getting ever faster.
  I buck my hips in motion to her forceful thrusts. Mistress yells out "cum for
  me bitch" and I scream "YES" as my pussy convulses as I cum. The orgasm seems
  to last for a long time and I feel the pain and the pleasure all at once and
  it is truly wonderful. She falls exhausted on me and I sigh as she lays on
  top of me, her cock embedded in my pussy.  
After quite a few minutes she gets up and removes the gorgeous cock from
  my wet and sore pussy. I get down on my knees immediately and lick it clean
  for her, looking into her eyes as she watches me. I swallow all the juices
  I lick up. I help her remove the strap-on and lick it clean as she watches
  and then lick her clean also.  
When I am done cleaning her she stands me up and caresses me in her arms
  as we passionately kiss. I so love her to kiss me. We end our embrace after
  a few minutes and then she says we must end. I am sad that it must end now
  but so happy to have had her tonight take me. As I leave her house after dressing
  and such she gives me one last long kiss and says "I love you Sue." I have
  not been so happy in such a long time and am so filled with joy at such a wonderful
  evening.  
A Tail For Her Dog   
   
As I drove home Saturday night from Karen's house my holes felt a bi*t sore
  but not too badly. I could still feel the lingering traces of having the butt
  plug in me almost all of the night and also having to fight to hold it in place
  while Mistress fucked me with her cock. I could still taste on my tongue my
  juices that coated the pussy plug that I had to hold in my mouth while she
  took me. I became flushed when I thought of Mistress making me bend over at
  the end so she could remove the butt plug from me and even though it was again
  a humiliating experience it made me so excited that even now I could feel the
  pleasure build again inside of me so that my hand reached down and started
  pressing against my crotch. I did note that the plug was not as bad as I thought
  it would be. I kept pressing into myself and thought of pulling off the road
  so I could play with myself and cum again. It felt so good to be her slut!  
Upon arriving home I found my husband had gone to bed because of his cold.
  I went into the bedroom to let him know I was home safe and to see if he was
  ok which he was just sleepy from taking some medicine. I checked on the children
  and they were sound asleep. I changed out of my clothes and put on a robe after
  showering myself to clean up from the night's lurid activities. I was still
  too excited from tonight and so went to watch some TV.  
As I sat on the couch watching some old movie my hand reached down again
  to my pussy but this time, with no clothes between, I began running a finger
  up and down my slit before I realized what I was doing. Only a few months ago
  I would have been disgusted with myself for doing this but now I wanted to
  play. I pushed a finger in and immediately groaned softly, whimpering quietly "Please
  Mistress." I moved my pelvis so it was on the edge of the sofa seat and spread
  my legs as wide as I could get them and pushed in two more fingers and began
  to hump my hand like a sordid bitch in heat. My other hand reached up and began
  to play with my nipples. I just could no longer stop myself. I used my nails
  of my free hand to severely pinch the end of my hardened nipples until I almost
  screamed with the pain making them harder and harder. As I was doing this my
  pelvis was moving up and down as my wet fingers rammed in and out of me. I
  was nearing another release and I could tell my body was out of control. I
  did not want this, yet I wanted it so bad. I started to pinch my left nipple
  and the pain was excruciating but I could not stop and then I came humping
  my fingers vigorously. When I finally slowed down and stopped I realized I
  had hurt my nipple and I began to sob, deciding finally to go to bed before
  I did something worse.  
* * * * *  
The rest of the week was very uneventful. When it finally came to Friday
  Karen had suggested we leave work early at 2PM and go out and do some shopping.
  I agreed as the days were now getting more pleasant and it seemed like a good
  idea. We first drove to Karen's to drop off her car then went to the local
  mall after we stopped at the Rite Aid drug store as Karen had to pick some
  items up. I waited in the car for her as she went in to get her needed items.
  She came out of the store with a bag and placed it in the back seat. After
  getting in the front and buckling up we left the store parking lot and drove
  over to the mall.  
In the mall we wandered throughout a number of stores looking at the latest
  in business attire fashions. Many would not fit me due to my size requirements
  but it was good to look at them anyway. As we approached the far end of the
  mall Karen suggested we get a cup of coffee from Starbucks. I agreed as I did
  very much like there coffee and it would be a good time to sit down and chat.
  I did so like talking with her.  
As we were talking Karen reached inside of her pocketbook and took out what
  looked to be a jewelry box. She pushed it across the table towards me as she
  smiled. I wondered what was inside and I was quite excited although I could
  not figure out why. She said I had been wonderful and so her pretty slave needed
  a present to help her remember her Mistress. I blushed as she said that and
  quickly looked around to make sure no one overheard her. Satisfied that no
  one had I turned back to look at her and she had that devilish smile on her
  face as she asked me to open the gift.  
The box was very similar to a ring box and was of an exquisite design. I
  held it in my hands trying to guess what kind of jewelry she would have gotten
  for me. Finally I decided to open it and lifted the lid. I was initially perplexed
  for inside were two gold metal balls. Karen noticed my confusion and said they
  were Ben Wa balls but that did not really help me understand what they were.
  After a moment or so of silence Karen told me what they were used for and immediately
  my hand came up of its own volition and covered my mouth as I blushed furiously.  
Karen told me to take my new present and go the Mall restroom and put them
  on, or should I say in, for her. I was quite embarrassed by this request but
  it seemed like a fun thing to do so I finished my coffee and took my gift with
  me to the Powder Room. I had this feeling like everyone was staring at the
  slut going to put her balls in her now damp pussy.  
I went into the restroom feeling very self-conscious and found an open stall.
  I was wearing a pants suit, which was good, and I closed the door and took
  off the jacket hanging it up on the inside of the door. Pulling down my pants
  and panties I felt myself get excited but also worried as this would be a new
  thing. I waited until the room was empty and then took one ball out of the
  box. I reached down between my legs and could feel the coldness of the metal
  so I stopped and warmed it in my hand. Once I felt it was warm enough I brought
  it down again and began to push it in. It slide in quickly as I was now wet.
  I got the other ball in my hand and realized I was almost losing the first
  as it was sliding out. I quickly squeezed my legs together for a moment and
  then got my hand in place so I could stick in the second one. It was cold as
  I had not warmed it but decide this would be the best thing to do as I did
  not need the first popping out. Once both were inside I reached a finger in
  to push them in further and once satisfied I pulled up my panties and sat down.
  It felt so different with them inside but not anything offensive. I decided
  I should go back and see Karen so I pulled up my pants and put on the jacket.
  I left the stall and washed my hands just before leaving the room.  
Walking back to Karen I could now feel them moving around and this seemed
  to make me wetter. I really felt self-conscious now and tried to walk with
  a steady pace but once I saw Karen my control started to fail me a bit. She
  was looking at me with a broad smile on her face and I knew just what she was
  thinking about her slut. I got red with embarrassment but made it to the table
  without incident. As soon as I sat down she decided we should walk back the
  way we came through the mall.  
We began out trek back through the mall but this time Karen wanted to stop
  in virtually every store. This made it more difficult for me as I did not want
  the balls to drop into my panties so I had to keep my pussy clenched. The result
  of that was that I got wetter and I could even feel myself dripping slightly
  into my panties. Luckily for me I was wearing black pants so nothing would
  be noticeable.  
We stopped in one clothes store and Karen wanted to try something on and
  asked me to come with her into the dressing room. Once there she immediately
  took me into her arms and kissed me passionately. I was now on fire as her
  tongue plunged into my mouth. One hand reached down and rubbed the outside
  of my slacks right where my hole is so that the balls were moved and pushed
  against my enlarging clit. I groaned and as I did her tongue went further into
  my throat. I felt like I was going to need to cum but she stopped just in time.
  However this made it worse for me for now I needed and wanted her more so.
  I realized she was now going to tease her slut.  
After trying on the blouse she decided against it and I realized it was all
  a pretext to tease me. We then left that store but she continued to want to
  visit each one in turn. The walking around was making it more and more difficult
  for me. I was having a hard time keeping my composure and concentrating on
  what she was talking about. I also felt like everyone else around us knew and
  this keep me in a constant state of agitation and blushing.  
Leaving the mall we walked back to my car. Once inside she reached over and
  began talking to me telling me what a hot slut I was as her hand rubbed between
  my legs. I could not help myself as my legs spread wider giving her complete
  access. She took advantage of that access by using her whole hand to push against
  me with her fingers pushing hard against my hole. I gasped and groaned with
  each increase in pressure. I could feel my hips moving as my pelvis, with a
  will of its own, presented my crotch to her pushing my pussy with force into
  her hand. My breathing increased and my mouth was open as I saw her smile at
  me. She told me what a good slut I was becoming for her and this excited me
  even more.  
I could feel myself getting ready to cum and I was rutting against her hand
  forcefully faster and faster. I did not want to cum here in the parking lot
  but I could not stop. She kept it going and I put a finger in the side of my
  mouth as I did not know what to do with my hands. The other hand gripped the
  door handle. Soon my pelvis was off the seat of the car and I was humping her
  hand and fingers through my clothes. I could feel the balls pressing against
  my clit and I wanted to cum so badly now. I started begging her for release,
  whimpering to her to let the slut cum. Finally she relented and told me to
  cum for her and I did like a common tramp. I forgot where I was for a moment
  and concentrated on the waves of pleasure that filled my entire body.  
When the shaking from the orgasm left me I just wanted to hide and cry. I
  could feel tears come to my eyes. Karen leaned over right then and kissed me
  on my mouth and said how proud she was to have a slave like me. Right then
  the tears seemed to leave me and a smile came to my face. A little part of
  my mind still wanted to know how she had such control over me but the rest
  of me pushed that question away. Just having her as my Mistress was a truly
  wonderful thing and so I did not want to question that now.  
Karen now said we should return to her place as we still had a bit of time
  left and she wished to spend it training her cunt Sue. I should have been ashamed
  of myself but I immediately started the car and drove to her place wanting
  to be there as soon as possible.  
When we arrived at her place I could hardly contain myself. I followed Mistress
  inside and as soon as the door was closed she had me in her arms. Her kisses
  feel on my neck and cheeks finally landing on my open and waiting mouth. I
  wanted her so and I let her tongue have free reign of my mouth. My tongue tried
  to encircle hers and my back arched as my body folded into Karen's. Her hands
  cupped my cheeks and pushed our loins together and I gasped. The excitement
  was so much that my tongue tried to get in her mouth but she made sure it did
  not. All I could do then was say "Please" in a very wanting way.  
Mistress said she had a surprise and led me to my room and told me to strip
  as she left. She asked for me to come into her bathroom when I was done and
  with that she left me standing alone in the room.  
I began taking off my clothes visibly trembling as I did so. On one level
  I did not want to go into her bedroom thinking of the horrid things in the
  past that I had done there and in places like it. On another level though my
  body cried out to go there for I could feel an inner insatiable excitement
  build within, yearning for release. As I finished taking off all my clothes
  I could feel the cool air across my damp slit and both of my hands, palms pressed
  against my skin, felt down my abdomen making their way towards my loins. My
  breathing increased and my eyes closed as I felt my probing fingers reach the
  top of my slit. I knew that if I left them go much further I would end up finger
  fucking myself right there. I pulled them away and with my head lowered in
  defeat I walked towards that place of my utter wantonness.  
Upon entering her bathroom I saw her standing by the sink. Lying on the sink
  was what seemed like a rubber bladder with a hose which upon my closer inspection
  caused me to grimace. I looked at Mistress's eyes with dismay as she smiled
  at me. Karen had an enema bag ready for her little slut. This was getting far
  too much for me and I now realized I may sink beyond the lowest point I yet
  imagined. I decided I could not do this. I looked at Karen and said in a low
  voice "No please."  
Without warning Mistress's hand quickly arose and slapped my cheek hard.
  My head jerked to the side and I felt the sharp stinging from the blow. Tears
  welled to my eyes and I could feel the blood rush to the targeted area.  
"Listen bitch" she said "you will do as I say whether you like it or not." All
  I could do was lower my eyes and mumble "Yes Mistress" in a voice cracked with
  emotion. "Look at me bitch" she commanded. My eyes looked up in fear. "What
  did my bitch say?" Mistress asked. I responded a bit louder "Yes Mistress."  
The hand that had struck me reached up and I jerked a bit in fear. She watched
  me closely as I recoiled a bit from her. The hand however did not strike but
  rather reached between my legs and grabbed my groin area in the palm of her
  hand tightly. I gasped. She smiled saying "So my bitch is wet and I will make
  good use of that wetness." I knew the redness of my cheek was no longer the
  result of the blow but rather the shame I felt as a lustful heat filled my
  loins. To add to my humiliation she had me expel the balls into her hand by
  just using my vaginal muscles. It was so mortifying.  
As Mistress let go of the pussy she now owned completely I could feel my
  pelvis pushing forward to keep in contact with her hand. Mistress recognized
  this also and so let the tip of her finger trail along my slit as it moved
  away from me. My eyes caught a quick view of my face from the side and I could
  see my mouth was open, almost ready to beg her to finger me. I was her owned
  bitch and I did not know how this afternoon would end but nor did I care at
  the moment as long as she used me.  
Mistress commanded for me to turn around and bend at the waist with my hands
  on my shins and legs spread. I did as she desired, closing my eyes for I wanted
  to hide my utter shame from what was to come. I felt her feel the slight plumpness
  of my rear and I softly moaned. Karen then commanded me to use my hands and
  spread my cheeks apart as far as I could. I starting to whimper but did as
  she commanded, first in fear of her but secondly because I wanted to be her
  slut.  
Once I had spread my cheeks apart for her I felt her fingers push the nozzle
  of the enema bad into my rosebud. It felt cold and hard and I gasped at the
  feeling. I heard her running the water for a bit, hopefully getting it warm
  I wished. Finally I felt a warm feeling in my bowels as the enema bag was slowly
  being emptied into my ass. My whimpering turned to quiet cries and tears ran
  down my cheeks but I let my Mistress-Owner continue to fill me for a purpose
  I did not want to know. All I could concentrate on now was letting her satisfy
  her lust on me and this one thought made my pussy pulsate with a terrible unquenched
  heat.  
She told me to keep still as the bag was emptied into me until I was filled.
  Mistress then proceeded to take the nozzle out of me and put the bag into the
  sink and proceeded to clean it off. As she did this I had to remain bent over
  but she let me put my hands again on my shins so I did not have to hold my
  cheeks apart.  
It was so difficult keeping my sphincter muscle closed tightly and so that
  was all I could concentrate on. As I focused on my tightly shut rosebud and
  the feeling of warm water inside me I could hear her finishing up the cleaning
  of the bag. Once she was completed she put it away under the sink.  
Mistress then came over to me and ran her hands over my back. She seemed
  to purr as she told me how luscious and pretty I was. I felt so wonderful now
  and her hands made me tingle. One of her hands moved around my ribcage and
  cupped one of my breasts. I could feel the nipple get hard and my loins began
  to yearn for her touch. My breathing became faster as her soft fingers explored
  most of my body for she seemed to purposely be avoiding my pelvic area. I was
  most grateful to her for that, otherwise I might have lost control of my bowels.  
After a period of time I started to whimper loudly and I knew my physical
  control was fading. Mistress also recognized this and then told me to sit down
  on the toilet and let the water out. She commanded me to take a shower once
  I was done and then to come into the bedroom after drying off. She kindly left
  me a shower cap so my hair would not get wet. With that she left the bathroom
  and closed the door to give me privacy.  
I quickly sat down on the toilet seat and the warm water cascaded out into
  the bowel. At the same time I could feel my enlarged clitoris begging for play
  but I stayed away from indulging myself, saving that for my enchanting Mistress.
  Once I completed expelling the water, I flushed, and then putting on the cap
  I got in the shower.  
The hot water on my body made me feel so much better. Actually I now felt
  quite refreshed and I began to hope that her plans did not call for anything
  too degrading. However I knew that even if it was I would probably enjoy it
  as I enjoyed being her private slutty bitch.  
Having completed showering and toweling myself dry I brushed my hair and
  then came into her bedroom. She was standing at the bottom of the bed wearing
  just a pair of very high black patent leather pumps. She looked so exquisite.
  In her hand she held the black leather collar we had used previously.  
Holding up her free hand she motioned with one finger for me to come closer.
  I did as she commanded. As I stood before her I realized how she towered over
  me. Smiling she held up the collar and I let her put it around my small neck.
  The O ring hung from the front. She then proceeded to walk behind me, her hands
  touching me very delicately. It sent shivers throughout my body.  
Once behind me Mistress told me not to be afraid of what was to come next
  which had the opposite effect and made me very worried. I saw her hands after
  a moment come up beside my face and in one she held a round ball with leather
  straps attached to it. The ball was smaller than a tennis ball but not by much.
  Mistress commanded me to open my mouth wide which I did although now I was
  scared. She placed the ball in my mouth although it could not go in to far
  and then attached the straps around my head. I realized she had gagged me and
  I could feel myself get wet.  
Mistress said "Bend over bitch and put your hands on the bed as I need to
  punish you again for saying no." I did as she commanded. She told me to spread
  my legs wide which I more than willingly did. She then went over to her dresser
  and came back with what looked to be a cat-o'-nine-tails. There looked to be
  many small leather straps hanging from it. I could not make out the handle
  she held but it seemed very oddly shaped. Karen then stood to one side and
  said "This is for your own good slut" and with that I felt the first of five
  blows across my ass. The blows were not hard enough to cause me tremendous
  hurt but they did smartly sting. I could not cry out as my mouth was full.
  I felt my ass get very warm from the blows and the many leather strands made
  sure my entire rear was red by the time she was finished. I made sure I did
  not move at all during this as I did not want it to continue for a long time.  
Once she was satisfied that I was suitably punished she told me to stay in
  the same position. She again walked over to the dresser and came picked up
  some kind of tube. She turned the cat around and put a couple of drops from
  the tube on the end of the handle. I then realized the handle was in the shape
  of a dildo but slightly different having some characteristics of a butt plug.
  She then returned to be behind me.  
Mistress told me to rest my head on the bed and to use my hands to spread
  my cheeks for her. I did as she commanded for I did not want to be lashed again.
  She told me what a clean and pretty rosebud I had and I felt shame rifle through
  my being. As my shame burned through me and set my pussy aflame I felt the
  handle being pushed into my anal orifice. I grunted but no sound emitted from
  my gagged mouth. Finally I felt her get it by my sphincter muscle and it easily
  slide in all the way. I could feel the leather straps hanging down and touching
  my thighs.  
Mistress told me to get up and turn around facing her. I did as she commanded
  but kept my eyes lowered. By the time I had turned she had retrieved a chain
  leash and attached it to the collar. Mistress then said "Down on all fours
  as Mistress wants to walk her bitch." I did as she commanded and then realized
  what she had done to me. She had given her bitch a tail. I began to sob while
  my cunt leaked onto my thighs. I truly was an owned slut!  
Mistress then started walking out of the bedroom pulling her owned bitch
  by the leash. I dutifully followed my owner. Mistress turned and watched me
  as she continued moving out through the doorway into the hall. Once in the
  hall she stopped a moment and came back towards me. Holding the chain she brought
  the leather handle down hard across my ass with a loud smack. I almost jumped
  up from the pain. I wondered what I had done wrong and found out soon enough
  as Mistress said "My bitch is in heat and should show that to her Mistress
  if the slut wants to be fucked." All I could do was nod my head up and down.  
Mistress got again out in front of me and jerked the leash forward. I followed
  on all fours wiggling my ass with my legs spread apart some and my back arched.
  This had the lewd effect of pushing my wanton pussy up in the air thus showing
  my Mistress her bitch wanted to be fucked. I could see Mistress smile broadly
  and so she kept walking down the hall with her doggy.  
When she got to the kitchen she led me in also. She went over to the refrigerator
  and got a can of soda and then led me over to the kitchen table and told said "Stay" like
  she was commanding her dog. I stood perfectly still in my fuck-me position
  on all fours as she proceeded to sit in a chair behind me. I could hear her
  open the soda and lift it to drink.  
As Mistress must have been drinking the soda I felt something hard rub against
  my exposed slightly open slit. The strands of the tail had been pushed aside
  by whatever it was and I could feel this hard item press harder against my
  wet slit. Mistress repeated the stay command so I tried to remain still. Finally
  I realized what she was doing to my utter mortification. She was trying to
  fuck me with the pointy toe of one of the pumps. What was beyond my immediate
  comprehension was the empirical fact that I was pushing against the same toe
  wanting her to do this. I even started moving my pelvis up and down against
  it which made her coo in delight!  
Mistress was getting excited doing this as I was already hotly excited being
  the recipient. Karen asked "Does my good little bitch want to be fucked now?" I
  responded by rubbing my pussy up and down even harder against her shoe. Karen
  responded to my gyrations by saying "Oh my! My doggy slut does need to be fucked." With
  that statement Mistress stood up and pulled the leash saying only "Come." I
  followed quickly on all fours still keeping my pussy visible and high to show
  her I was ready, willing and able.  
Mistress pulled me harshly down the hallway but I did not care. I just wanted
  to be taken however my Mistress wanted to do it. My thighs were wet and my
  lips were spread open with my hole clearly visible and palpitating. I was in
  heat and I liked it. Once we got to the bedroom Mistress commanded "Head down
  bitch" and I quickly put my head down on the floor. I was now rutting the air
  waiting to be taken. Mistress went over to a dresser and took out her strap-on
  except now it was had a larger cock and it was black. I really did not care
  as I just wanted her.  
Mistress got on her knees behind and started rubbing my wet slit with her
  gorgeous cock. I pushed back against the head of her cock showing her my lust.
  I could almost feel my hole opening on its own beckoning her to enter with
  my juices flowing out paving the way for her to slide firmly and fully inside
  her bitch. I knew once she was inside my hot cunt would try and capture her
  by squeezing and holding onto it.  
Mistress still had the leash and pulled the slack so was pulled towards her.
  I felt her enter me and bliss overcame me. I could not remember much more other
  than I fell into a fit of hot passion like the bitch in heat I became for that
  time. Mistress was also overcome by all of this including my show of ceaseless
  lust. I could hear her screaming at herself, telling her pussy to cum. We both
  ended up having multiple orgasms as she continued to ram me and I continued
  to push against her never ceasing until we both were totally exhausted, collapsing
  onto the floor.  
I awoke from my lust induced passion after what seemed like an eternity but
  in reality was a bit over 30 minutes. I was lying face down on the floor. The
  gag had been removed and was lying nearby. My legs were spread wide and I could
  feel the cock still inside me. Mistress was lying on my back snoring lightly.
  I could feel her hips twitch every so often slightly screwing her bitch. I
  felt so happy and wonderful and I knew for a fact my Mistress was also. We
  were both sated and pleased with one another.  
What more could a slave and a Mistress hope for!  
* * * * *  
Finally we both arose around 5:30. I called home and left a voice message
  I was finishing up a customer proposal with marketing and I would be home around
  7 and then we should all go out for dinner. Having paved the way for more time
  with Karen, my Mistress and I took a long sensuous shower together, kissing
  and caressing each other. Once done Karen helped to dress her slave as I was
  really quite exhausted plus I did appreciate the attentions of my Mistress.
  I still believe she did not want me to leave her that day. Finally the time
  came that I had to leave and we kissed once more, deeply and passionately.
  I went to my car and drove home, very hungry for dinner at a restaurant with
  my wonderful husband and children.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dark Rider Angmar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





