BDSM Library - Taliban




Taliban
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pleasant story of kindness, love and hope, mixed along with rape, torture and abuse.Taliban - a Rape Pillage and Plunder Story 
Written By Alebeard 

&nbsp;This story was inspired by several stories on this site
      including , Pooch, The Inmate, POW, The Chair and Diana as well as bits
      and pieces of other tales. This is a fictional tale for adults only, if
      your under age please don't read this. If ya don't understand the difference
      between fantasy and reality please seek help, if you are a victim of rape
      and torture you may find this tale disturbing. You Have Been Warned 
Chapter 1 - Fatima and the early days with the Taliban 
I began my work for the Taliban over eight years ago. The group implemented
  draconian laws restricting women's rights after taking control of much of Afghanistan.
  The reforms were presented under the guise of Islamic fundamentalism, for the
  rank and file this reason was enough, the leadership on the other hand was
  driven by a more perverse and sadistic need to enslave the female sex. 
Although suspicious of foreigners, the Taliban nevertheless could not find
  within it's own ranks both one with my skills and one who they could trust.
  My credentials came from several third world countries, but this was to be
  my biggest project. 
The first girl they brought to me was named Fatima, perhaps 17 her refusal
  to wear a veil had brought her into conflict with the Talbian, her attractive
  face and large chest had brought her to me. 
The girl was brought to me shackled, wearing a full shapeless dress and a
  veil, I could see where the shackles had cut into her hands and feet. Anger
  swelled, I needed to work with a fresh canvas, an unmarked piece of flesh.
  My employers promised me later that the mistake would not be repeated, but
  at this point I had yet to prove myself and did not wish to make demands. 
I had been provided two Taliban guards to assist me that first day, loyal
  to the cause they were not professionals in this sort of thing, they looked
  mildly uncomfortable. The chamber itself was not bad but could be much improved,
  adjustable chains affixed with leather cuffs hung from above, shackles were
  available along one wall, a mattress was in one corner and a large wooden X
  was bolted to another wall. I cabinet I had brought was also in the room as
  was a few scatted odds and ends. 
The camera's necessary to record the subjects suffering and degradation were
  situated in two corners on tripods, they could be zoomed and manipulated by
  two more guards behind a two-way mirror. Personally I would have much preferred
  to bring in other photographers with better cameras and a sense of what I was
  looking for, but again, this was not the time to push. 
&quot;Remove the restraints and her clothing , secure her to the two cuffs
  suspended from the overhead bar&quot; I ordered, making sure the cameras were
  on and recording. 
The first shot of a victims face when her clothing was stripped away was always
  a great one to note, defiance, fear, humiliation even arousal could be caught
  on film, but the veil obscured that, I would have to talk to them about that. 
The Guards had no problem getting her clothing removed, one spent too much
  time squeezing her large tits, another thing I would have to see to, everything
  done to the subject, large and small should go through me. I stepped around
  the girl really getting a good look at her for the first time. Her face was
  good, wide dark eyes, sharp features, there can never be too much said about
  the importance of facial features when making films of this sort, those with
  sharper features filmed best. Her chest was moderately impressive, nice large
  breasts with large dark nipples but not very firm. I decided that heavy thudy
  blows should be used on her front as compared to more stinging implements.
  Her legs were nice enough I noted as I circled her and her ass nice and heavy
  but well shaped and firm. I cupped her pussy from behind allowing the camera
  to get a shot of her panicking face. Her pussy was tight and neatly laid out,
  that was good. 
&quot;Get me that flogger on the left, no no, the flogger, the one next to
  that, yes that one&quot; I ordered the fool of a guard. 
The flogger I asked for was a crude one, although that was part of its charm,
  a thick loop of hose bound with a handle it looked like a tennis racket with
  no webbing and a really thick frame. I stood slightly to the side of Fatima
  and showed her the tool. Her eyes grew wide and she began pleading, the words
  were in Arabic but Ill translate for you. 
&quot;Please! Mercy! Forgiveness! Please O merciful Allah please!, I admit
  my crimes, You have already shamed me enough!&quot; she pleaded. She was still
  under the impression she was wanted to confess and then she would be thrown
  into a prison, on some assignments I had done in the past that might have been
  the case, but not this one. 
I lashed her left tit with the hose using a sideways swing, then backhanded
  her heavy right breast. &quot;EEEEEIIIIIIIIIYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH&quot; Her
  tits swayed wildly on her torso while she screamed and twisted, her long hair
  flew about her head as she grimaced in pain. The expressions were good I noted.
  Fatima had almost certainly never had a man touch her tits before, likely never
  one gaze upon them, and here she was exposed to guards, torturer and camera
  while her large jugs were being batted around obscenely. I'm not sure which
  she hated more, the pain or the humiliation. 
&quot;AAHHH, STOOOOPPPPPP,PLEEAAASSEEE, YOUR KILLING ME!&quot; she screamed
  (I'm still translating here) as I beat her tits one way and then the other
  with the heavy hose. For about 15 minutes I continued the torture of her tits,
  while she screamed and twisted. When I stopped and had her taken down she collapsed
  in a sobbing heap. 
&quot;Secure her face down on the mattress, no no, drag it over near the eyehooks
  on the floor, that's right, use the rope not the shackles, arms together and
  out, legs apart, on her knees , push her face out, tighter, good&quot;. I ordered
  as I stepped out of my uniform. One of the reasons I performed the torture
  myself was that I truly enjoyed it, my cock was standing straight up, I could
  hear the idiot guards gasp and look away like children, my dick was fairly
  thick and long to say the least, it was one reason I was highly recommended
  for this kind of work. I selected an English riding crop from the wall. &quot;You
  grab her head and make sure she does not bury her face in the mattress, I want
  her looking at the camera&quot; 
Using the rod of the crop like a cane I brought it down hard on the middle
  of her full ass cheeks. &quot;OWWWWWWWIEEE!&quot; she screeched. Although it
  may not have hurt as much as the torture of her tits, being caned across the
  ass for many a girl triggers a certain response, that of being punished. I
  methodically gave her 20 stripes, then knelt behind her and spread her small
  pussy lips with my hand, positioning my cock at the mouth of her dark cunt.
  Fatima struggled and squirmed to try and stop the rape of her virgin cunt,
  I didn't mind, it would play better for the camera's. Her small body was covered
  with a sheen of sweat, she looked really great during this time when I reviewed
  the tape later, her face was twisted in fear when I started, you could see
  the flash of pain hit her when the head of my cock popped worked its way into
  the mouth of her cunt, her expressions as she was violated were precious. I
  pulled the head of my cock back out and rammed about halfway into her in one
  vicious stroke 
&quot;IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE&quot; She started in a high pitched
  wail, her eyes bugged out as I pulled out and rammed all the way in, tearing
  through her cherry and tearing at stretching her virgin twat. 
Her body jerked and spasmed as she was impaled time and time again. After
  about 15 minutes I pulled out of her cunt and positioned my cock the crinkled
  bud of her ass. Taking a girl up her ass is a powerful thing, aside from the
  pain, it degrades and humiliates, strips her of any control she may think she
  has, shows her how worthless she has become, it is in many ways the most private
  and intimate of places. She sobbed and pleaded as I pushed against her tight
  asshole, it took some time, but eventually the head of my cock slipped past
  her resisting ass-ring and popped inside her pretty little shitter. 
&quot;NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO, TAKE IT OUUUUTTTTT!, NNNNOOOOOOOOOO, PLEASE!!!!!!!!,
  YOUR KILLLING MMMEEEEEEEE!&quot; She wailed as I forced two inches of cock
  up her tight ass. Her wailing increased in volume as I reamed out her virgin
  asshole, the two guards were having a hard time keeping her head up as she
  was sodomized, her hands clenched and unclenched wildly as the cramps tore
  up her insides. 
&quot;PLEASE STOP! ITS TOO MUCH! YOUR TEARING ME!!!!!! HELPMEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!&quot; 
Her tight ass spasmed and clenched at my cock, the fight she was putting up
  made things much worse for her, but even if she knew that I don't think she
  could stop. Her ass was really getting a good workout, I had started slow but
  now moved on to full deep strokes, her little ass-chute fighting me all the
  way. The feeling was delicious, her high pitched screams had grated on my ears
  at first, she was very high pitched, but they blended well now with the more
  primal lower tones as more and more of her was opened up and violated. 
The pain and humiliation was etched on her face, her pretty features shattered
  with terror and fear she was just at the point I wanted her, violated and beaten
  but not yet defeated. After another 20 minutes I allowed myself to cum deep
  up her ass, she laid there crying, like a whipped and beaten dog. 
After lowering the hanging cuffs I untied the girl's legs and rolled her over
  to her back. I smiled at the terrified young Afghani teenager as I secured
  her legs to the cuffs and turned the crank to raise the chains and her legs
  until the were fully extended pointing at the ceiling, with her ass just barley
  pulled up off the mattress. the chains allowed some play side to side so I
  brought her legs together and bound her at the ankles with some left over rope.
  I went to the cabinet and retrieved a small collapsible table which I set up
  next to the mattress so she could turn her head and see me, she didn't want
  to look I know, but couldn't stop herself. I set up a small metal three legged
  stand and placed a self contained open flame burner under it, placing a large
  glass container on top of the stand I proceeded to fill it with common corn
  oil, the still had no idea what to make of it all till I lit the burner, she
  quickly understood that the flame could mean nothing good for her. After placing
  a thermometer in the oil I stood and picked up a clipboard. 
While the &quot;sentencing&quot; of a prisoner was a vital tool in the psychological
  terror and emotional surrender, the declarations were usually hooky and annoying
  if you ask me, this one was no different. I read the text to her using a formal
  tone, once again I will translate. 
&quot;You have been found guilty of crimes against Islam and the Taliban Revolution
  including breaking Islamic law, treason, heresy and blasphemy, by mercy of
  Allah you will be spared the penalty of death by stoning, for a term of three
  years you will be used by the Taliban soldiers as punishment for your crimes,
  you are now considered less then a woman, less then an animal, the loyal Islamic
  subjects will be commanded to treat you as such and in the eyes of Allah and
  the Taliban will not be committing adultery but instead performing their duty
  which I'm sure they will get little enjoyment out of, if you survive the three
  years you will be banished from Afghanistan in Allah's mercy&quot; 
Fatima sobbed in self pity and desperation hearing the proclamation, I let
  her cry for awhile undisturbed while the oil heated and I made preparations.
  The effect was a good dramatic pause in the film, it is important that the
  viewer also has time to absorb and savor it all. When the temperature of the
  oil had reached that to scald but not not blister I turned down the heat, I
  knew from experience the level that would keep the temperature up but not heat
  it anymore. 
&quot;You will be staying here for at least two weeks to begin your punishment
  and preparations&quot;. 
With her ass pulled slightly off the the mattress I slipped a leather belt
  around her hips and clasped it together. The belt has several purposes including
  the one I needed it for now. I retrieved a fairly large hollow dildo made of
  clear glass, the dildo was curved for a proper fit. Picking up the Dildo I
  dipped the tip into the oil and rubbed it against her pussy. She jerked and
  let out a yelp as the oil burned her outerlips. 
&quot;Now, I'm going to scald your pussy, those will help toughen you for
  the punishments you will receive, it will also make sex rather painful until
  it heals, we will consider that an added bonus&quot;. 
I rammed the dildo into her in one hard stroke causing her to scream and bring
  her ass up even farther. Using straps I secured the dildo to the waist strap
  tightly, holding it all the way inside her. I hated to gag her, the screams
  would be great un-muffled, but the chance that she would bite off her tongue
  is too great. I decided to use a rubber bit gag, it will still allow alot of
  sound to escape but protect her tongue. Inserting a funnel into the opening
  on the base of the dildo buried inside her tender pussy I pour in the hot oil,
  filling the inside of the dildo then sealing it with a cork. 
The girls eyes are wide but I can tell it has not really hit her yet, it will
  take awhile for the heat to really transfer through the glass. In a few moments
  her whimpering turned to shrieks and then screams as the heat turned from uncomfortable
  to scalding, her pain had just began, as the scalding of her tender inner cunt
  continued the pain would get worse and worse, the tissues becoming more and
  more sensitive. Her limbs twisted as shook as her inner pussy was scalded,
  she looked like she was trying to pull her limbs from her sockets. Even behind
  her gag the screams were great, for a half hour her cunt was scalded, to Fatima
  it seemed hours. The girl went mad as her insides were seared with pain, it
  felt like her sex was being blowtorched away, I loved every minute of it. The
  way her limbs convulsed, the way she whipped her head from side to side madly
  and the way her ass bucked and jerked trying to get the burning agonizing pain
  out of her. The camera caught it all. After 30 minutes I removed the dildo.
  Fatima would be allowed to rest now, I gave orders that she be taken to a cell,
  fed and given anti-biotic, showered, clothed and given warm blankets and heat.
  It was important that there be a contrast between her torture and her rest
  time for now, I left strict orders she was not to be abused. 
The Taliban had provided me sparse quarters those early days, long before
  I had risen in both esteem and power to become feared and respected both within
  the Taliban and by the whole of the Islamic states. The room itself had a small
  separate bathroom, a moderately large closet, a few chairs, a coffee table
  and a large bed. Tied spread eagled to the bed was my darling Fabiana. Fabi
  was given to me as a gift from the Cubans when she was 13, already somewhat
  broken in spirit I had molded Fabi into a far more precious creature then the
  Cubans could have. Fabi was only 15 years old but her eyes tell of what she
  has become, dark and soulless they are dead-pan globes of ice that fix upon
  you without fear or lust, she was beyond fear now, beyond hope or despair.
  Fabi still had a great body, although she bore scars from both the Cubans and
  myself, her smallish tits bore several long scars along the sides and underside,
  her inner thighs bore the scars of cigar burns as did her vagina, her back
  was not so bad actually, but bore it's share. Her scars made her even more
  beautiful to me. 
Amazingly her tight little round ass was nearly unmarked, I had received her
  before the Cubans had done her ass much damage and I found it too perfect to
  mark permanently, only a few pale faded stripes remained. I smiled as I looked
  on her, she always brought joy to me, my love. She was jerking slightly in
  her bonds as the burning itching powder I had filled her pussy and ass with
  each morning tortured her.. O yes, she could still feel pain, she was not immune
  to it at all, she could be made to be lost in the pain, taken by it, but her
  eyes almost never showed it, they rarely showed anything, but the tears gave
  her away along with the shaking and spasming of her body, only a low moan ever
  escaped her lips. I sat on the bed and stroked my loves hair, her deadpan eyes
  met mine showing no emotion, I knew her well enough to detect the pain in them,
  but I'm sure no other would. I smiled and kissed her, she opened her mouth
  obediently to accept my kiss, such a good girl. The powder had he effect of
  tightening her muscles and shrinking her openings to that of a virgin after
  repeated use, it had taken me nearly a year to get her this tight again, now
  all that were needed was a small refresher session after she has been stretched
  a bit. I also made sure the chemicals within would sensitize her even more. 
I cupped one of her small breasts, so firm it was actually hard to the touch,
  dark cone-shaped nipples strained upwards the scars were beautiful, so sexy
  I ran my finger along the ones on the tender underside, perhaps tonight I would
  burn her nipples again, they were healed from the last time, yes, I think she
  will like that, she always moans and shakes when that happens, her eyes locked
  on mine, the eyes of the dead, she graces me with a grim smile, so sweet, how
  I love her. I watched her for awhile then released her from her bonds and rolled
  her over onto her stomach and inserted a finger up her tight ass-chute to test
  how tight she was, indeed it was coming along well. I laid with her for a long
  time while she took my cock, still covered with the dried cunt juice, ass-slime
  and blood of the Arab girl down her throat, I came twice and used her as my
  toilette once, when I was ready to go get food before returning to work I ordered
  her to masturbate for a hour bringing herself to orgasm three times, then shower
  and clean her cunt and asshole. She hated to orgasm but could make herself,
  when she did she came very hard, but It reminded her she was still alive, still
  feeling. She never begged to avoid pain, but at times she pleaded not to be
  made to cum. How I love her. 
The second day with Fatima would be more structured then the first was. When
  I arrived in the morning Fatima was already stripped and standing with her
  arms stretched above her in the hanging chains. Her legs were unbound but she
  still kept them wide apart, not because of any sluttishness oh her part but
  because her scalded cunt was still very tender. She had all night alone to
  dread what she would be put through today, the fear was evident even as she
  tried to compose herself and put on a stoic front. 
&quot;Hello Fatima, welcome back, today we begin your formal training, the
  way you respond will determine where you go after this, if you are unable to
  follow instructions or prove less then desirable you will be given to the general
  troop to be used as they see fit, if you can follow orders sufficiently and
  please us here you may be allowed to serve a group of carefully selected officers,
  your pain may indeed be greater with them but your chances of survival will
  increase, if you are specially good you will remain here where your pain will
  be quite high but I promise you that you will live. We will start with three
  sessions each day a 1 1/2 hour session in the mornings, a 2 hour session in
  the afternoon and a 3 and a half hour session in the evenings&quot;. I let
  her absorb the information for a few moments. &quot;Do you understand?&quot; I
  asked. Instead of answering Fatima simply sobbed. Picking up a thin cane I
  struck the teens heavy tits 10 times in quick succession. 
&quot;AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIII!!!!!!&quot; Her breasts already black
  and blue from yesterday's beating danced under the assault 
&quot;You must learn to answer when questioned Fatima&quot; I said in a calm
  voice and lashed her another ten strokes on her upper tits. 
&quot;AAAAHHH,YESSSSSSSS!!!!!, PLEASE STOP!!!!&quot; pleaded the sexy crying
  Arab. 
I lowered the cane. &quot;Yes, see Fatima, that's much better, now let me
  ask again, do you understand everything I have told you?&quot; 
The crying girl nodded &quot; Yes, I understand&quot; 
&quot;That's good Fatima, very good&quot; I smiled at her and brought the
  cane up. 
Her eyes went wide as her gaze followed the cane. &quot;Nooooo........I answered
  your question........ you said I was good... I answered you .....I...AAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I brought the cane singing down on her tits, making sure to catch her sensitive
  nipples, 5,10,15,20 hard welting searing strokes while she cried and screamed
  in that high pitched wail she had, beautiful, just beautiful, when I was done
  I kissed her sobbing, wailing tortures mouth while she screamed into mine,
  for several minutes after the beating her screams continued. 
&quot;For the first session of the day we are going to torture your pussy
  Fatima, I know your going to beg for mercy but you won't get any, that's OK
  Fatima, I want you to beg, what I want is for you to chant the word MERCY over
  and over while I hurt you, do you understand?&quot; 
&quot;O God no, Please....&quot; 
I raised the cane. 
&quot;Yes! Yes! I understand, I understand!!&quot; She blurted. 
&quot;Good, if I am pleased with your chanting your second session of the
  day will be somewhat less painful, if not I will continue. Do you understand?&quot;. 
&quot;Yes&quot; 
I undid her restraints, she immediately put her hands to her tits to try and
  rub away the pain, normally I would be angry, but it made good film, so I didn't
  mind. I gave her a few moments while I moved a few things and then ordered
  her on to the mattress where her virginity had been ripped away yesterday.
  She began to shake and started to panic a bit but complied rather quickly,
  far quicker then I thought she would. The fact that the mattress had no frame
  made it difficult to secure her legs apart, but with a bit of rope work the
  task could easily be done. I selected a length of rough hemp rope, pulling
  her legs up and over her head, I secured her spread open with her arms secures
  at her sides and tightly bound at the wrist and ankle, spreading her wide open.
  Her cunt will still slightly puffy from yesterdays rape and very tender from
  her scalding but had healed fairly well. I picked up a jar of greenish slime,
  opened it up and rubbed a liberal amount over the girls pussy, using my fingers
  to work it in, 
&quot;This will prevent your cunt from being slit open by the session, you
  can thank me, this is free of the pepper mix I will use on you when you disappoint
  me, remember to chat and you will continue to please me, if not I will continue
  this afternoon and I WILL use a heavy pepper with it.&quot; 
Selecting a flogger of thin leather straps knotted at the ends I took some
  time to examine the pretty slit being presented to me, even after the rape
  she was small and neat, her inner-lips barely visible even spread out so. 
&quot;THWWWWWAPPPP!&quot; the tails struck diagonally across her pussy, covering
  her mound with agony 
&quot;OOOOWWWWWWWWWIIIIEEEEE, NOOOOOOOOO, OOOOO ALLLLAHHHHHH&quot; 
&quot;THWAAAAAAAPPPPPP!!!&quot; &quot;What do you say?&quot; 
&quot;NNNNNOOOOO SSSSSSSSTTTTOOOOOOP&quot; 
&quot;TWAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP&quot; &quot;Say it&quot; 
&quot;MERCCCYYYY....AHHHHHHHH!!!!&quot; 
&quot;THWAAAAAPPPPPPPPP!!!! Her eyes flew open as two strands found her clit 
&quot;YYAAAAAA!!!, MERCY!!!, MERCY!!!, MERCY!!!&quot; she screamed wildly 
I brought the strands straight down to cut into her cunt &quot;THWAPPPPPPPPPP!!!!&quot; 
&quot;NOOOOOOO!!!!, MERCY!!!!!, MERCY!!!!, MERCY!!!!!!!&quot; 
&quot;THWAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!&quot; the strands cut deep into her
  pussy. 
&quot;GGGGGGWAAAAAAAA!!!!!, MERCY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, MERCY! PLEASE MERCY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; 
TTTHHHHHWWWWWAAPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!&quot; 
&quot;AAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!, MERCY!!!!!!!!!!, MERCY!!!!!!!!!!!!, MERCY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. 
The abuse went on for 40 minutes that way, I could tell despite the salve
  if I continued her cunt would split open, I considered that sloppy and unprofessional
  so I avoided going that far, if I wished her to bleed heavily I would do it
  in other ways. Even when I stopped whipping her pussy she continued to chant &quot;Mercy&quot; over
  and over, her body shaking and heaving as though she were still being lashed.
  I took off my pants and shirt, folding then neatly and returned to stand on
  front of the girl. Her heavily bruised pussy was radiating agony, I had made
  sure many of the strokes landed on her tender clit and cut between her pouting
  cunt lips. 
&quot;Fatima, can you hear me? Fatima?&quot; it took her several minutes to
  respond. 
&quot;Y..esss?&quot;. 
&quot; We have a little over 20 minutes left in your morning session, now
  I am going to give you two choices, I can rape your little pussy for the remaining
  time, or I can scald you again, which would you prefer?&quot; 
&quot; Noo, please!!!, no more!, I can't take any more!, I want to go home....please!!!!!!
  Let me go!!!!!&quot; 
I retrieved the cane, it is important to use the same instrument as a purely
  corrective tool. 
&quot; No Please!!! Rape me! Please Rape me!!&quot; she screamed in panic
  laden sobbing bursts. 
I laid the cane against her beaten, scalded cunt rubbing it gently as she
  strained even harder against her bonds. &quot; I will, but first you have to
  be punished for not answering quickly enough. 
I brought the cane up her eyes following it mesmerized as I held it aloft
  for a second then brought it down hard across her asshole and lower pussy. 
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, MERCY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; 
I hadn't even expected the mercy chant again! This was a good sign. I brought
  the cane down nine more times in the same place while she screamed and chanted
  for mercy. After the caning I thrust into the little Arab girl's abused pussy,
  every muscle in her body tensed like steel cords as she screamed from somewhere
  deep inside her being, the beatings had tightened her muscles and tenderized
  her cunt, now those muscles were being torn open and her raw cunt still tender
  from yesterday's rape, the scalding and the vicious flogging she had just received
  was being violated again. 
You will read in many adult stories how a virgin who is raped goes through
  immense pain the first time but takes it easily the next day, this is untrue.
  After a painful rape the subsequent rapes are more and more painful as the
  body is still sore and inflamed, after a week of daily rapings the cunt and
  anal passage are often so tender and sensitive that the subject passes out
  when a cock enters her from the pain of simple sex. Fatima was no different,
  the agony of this rape was worse then when her virginity was ripped away, that
  combined with the pain the flogging caused her pussy put her over the top of
  pain. For the remainder of her morning session I raped her sore and battered
  pussy while she screamed and pleaded. Her body was undergoing heavy cramping
  as her muscles rebelled from the bondage and the abuse, alot of women vomited
  at this point, but she showed no signs. 
Fabi was sitting on the bed when I returned, her hair and body still wet from
  the long shower, her outer cunt lips were swollen from the powders effects.
  It had been a long session, she would be nearly swollen shut, I smiled at her
  and retrieved a special large Dildo, I saw the tears in her eyes, she know
  what this would mean, she was to be ripped open again, how I loved her.... 
The afternoon session with Fatima was slightly less painful for the young
  girl, it is important not to overload a subject with too much pain, if you
  do their bodies will shut themselves down to it, aside from that I had promised
  her a less painful session as a reward for her behavior, it is vital to keep
  one's word. For the afternoon I had lined up 10 Taliban soldiers with reputations
  for following orders. The two guards under my direct command were given instructions
  to have the subject on her knees, legs apart with her hands behind her, though
  they were given orders not to bind her or force her if she refused. When I
  got there Fatima was indeed in the required position. Her cunt-mound was visibly
  bruised and her tits were even worse, black and blue over alot of the surface
  and covered with stripped welts. &quot;Good afternoon Fatima&quot; I said to
  the trembling girl. &quot;As I promised your pussy will be given a rest this
  afternoon, but we will still require that you be trained in pleasing the soldiers
  you will serve for the remainder of your sentence, have you ever sucked a man's
  cock Fatima?&quot; 
&quot;No!, I'm not that kind of girl, only whores do that!&quot; 
&quot;You are no longer a girl Fatima, you are less then a whore, would you
  care to repeat that or do you wish to be punished?&quot; 
With a moan of despair the girl repeated in a small voice, &quot;I am less
  then a whore&quot; 
&quot;Yes you are a filthy creature, look at you, your tits all bruised, your
  legs open, cunt gaping open, you deserve no mercy Fatima, but I will give you
  some anyway, ten soldiers are waiting outside, taking time off their valuable
  duties just to help train you. You will take each of them in your mouth and
  down your throat, but don't worry you wont drink their cum, they have orders
  to shoot their seed all over your face and tits, after each is done you will
  ask him politely to give your tits 5 hard strokes with a riding crop, then
  you will crawl to the next soldier and begin on him, if you get all 10 to cum
  and whip you within the sessions two hour time you will be finished until this
  evening, if not you will continue until you do and you will receive another
  scalding at the end of tonight's session, do you understand? Naturally you
  can refuse and take your scalding now and we can continue whipping your pussy,
  then I will give you to the men anyway to do with as they choose, and I won't
  be in a mood to protect you from anything they may choose.&quot; 
The girl looked positively sick at the thought. With girls of this age and
  within these cultures the idea of being used by a group of men like this was
  the lowest of lows, something no one would allow to happen. As shameful and
  humiliating as rape and sodomy may be, to be forced to give head was in some
  ways worse, it was something she would have to do as compared to something
  being done to her, it would confirm she was a whore and a lowly animal. It
  was always interesting to see which choice they made. After an agonizing few
  moments she answered. 
Her voice quivered with self disgust that she could not stand strong. &quot;Ill
  do what you tell me to&quot;. 
Without a word I opened the door and bid the ten soldiers to enter, the soldiers
  were obviously shocked by the condition of the girl despite being warned fully,
  amateurs, I hate amateurs. The soldiers each bore a riding crop, boots, a rifle
  across their backs (Don't ask me what I was thinking when I told them to bring
  those!) and wore nothing else, quite a few were already erect or semi-erect,
  amateurs. Faith's eyes grew wide, unable to take her eyes off the many cocks
  before her. She was a picture of terror. 
&quot;Fatima, your session has begun, I suggest you get started&quot; I said
  matter of factly. Had she done the math she would realize she had 12 minutes
  to bring each man off, receive her strokes and get to the next 
Crying and sobbing she crawled to the closest soldier who looked nearly as
  frightened as she did! Taking the tip his erect cock in her mouth she ran her
  tongue along it uselessly while whimpering and crying in shame. I came up behind
  her, grabbed her by her hair and pushed her mouth down deep onto his shaft
  then jerked her head back and forth several times. &quot;Like that, use your
  tongue and move your slutty mouth up and down so he can fuck your throat, the
  deeper you take him the faster he will cum&quot;. Crying harder she began to
  move her mouth up and down on the soldiers cock, he glared with anger and shame
  himself, what a fool. Within five minutes the idiot soldier came in her mouth!
  The Moron! I could have strangled him right there! The only redeeming factor
  was she coughed up the sperm so it ran obscenely down her chin onto her chest,
  Sputtering and gagging she asked for the cropping, he gave 5 half hearted strokes,
  the soldier was burned in my memory, he would pay I decided. I almost decided
  to dismiss Fatima right then, save the film and kill the soldier, but my position
  was not yet at a level I could get away with that. 
The second soldier was thankfully much better, for twenty minutes she bobbed
  on his thin long cock, gagging and crying while he stood ridged, almost at
  attention, finally he pulled out and released a large load right into her tear
  streaked face, it was beautiful! She thrust her chest out shaking, her tits
  were already so battered yet she had no choice but to beg for even more, &quot;Pl..Please
  crop my tits sir&quot; she said in a small defeated voice. His strokes were
  less a cropping then an attempt to cut her breasts off her! He literally broke
  the crop on her tits after the third stroke and used the splintered piece to
  deliver the last two, he left her bleeding with 3 of the strokes drawing bloody
  welts and holding her tits rolling on the ground. For 15 minutes she lay there
  before gathering her wits and crawling to the next soldier, I was amazed she
  had not broken down to a begging heap by now. 
The third soldier shot his load on her bleeding tits before she even touched
  him! I really couldn't blame the guy, those five strokes nearly made me cum!
  The five strokes he gave her tits were low, hitting the bruised underside while
  she screamed. 
The fourth soldier kneaded her tits, pinching her nipples and painting an
  obscene word the equivalent of &quot;WHORE&quot; on her stomach with her own
  blood while she sucked his cock trying to get him off as quickly as possible,
  he lasted about 15 minutes until he shot his load into the humiliated girls
  dark curly hair and delivered 5 searing strokes right on her tortured nipples. 
The fifth soldier rammed his cock down her throat in a vicious manner, fucking
  her mouth and throat while she panicked and struggled for breath. He held her
  head tight against him while she fought and struggled, for the first time in
  her torture Fatima was really fighting with all her might to escape from the
  throat raping cock cutting off her air and ripping into her gagging throat,
  one of the soldiers, number two rushed forward to hold her hands up above her
  head pushing her down to keep her on her knee's and preventing her from striking
  out. The soldier raped her throat like a cunt, cutting off her air much of
  the time while she thrashed and struggled violently to get away, the assault
  lasted only 8 minutes, but for Fatima it must have felt like a lifetime until
  he finally pulled out and covered her tits with his cum, she gulped in air
  and threw up on the floor immediately, I know it is not sexy to talk of such
  things as Fatima getting sick, but it is important to realize that the truth
  of the matter is the subject's stomach at some point or another rebels, I am
  amazed it took this long. The soldier kicked her in the chest, knocking her
  on to her back and slashing at her tits with the crop opening up the previous
  cuts again and bringing fresh blood to the surface. Once again I know blood
  is not sexy, but sometimes these things happen, I would have stopped it if
  the wounds were deep, but truth was the bleeding had stopped quickly, but the
  blood gave a great effect for the camera and panicked Fatima. 
The Sixth soldier got off on slapping her face while she was giving him head.
  Her chest and face were now fairly coated with cum, her tits were a mess, streaks
  of dried cum and blood mixed together on her large bruise covered jugs. The
  soldier struck her repeatedly as he rammed into her sore, pain-filled throat,
  the idiot was lucky he did not get bit. He lasted a good twenty minutes but
  shot down her throat instead of on her face. I swear I can not get good help.
  I was suprised when Fatima choking and gagging managed to ask for her five
  strokes. He showed some mercy on her tits and just struck with the tongue of
  the crop while she squealed, her tits were so sensitive now even a light stroke
  would hurt. 
The Seventh soldier fucked her face for 10 minutes while beating her ass with
  the crop as she screamed into his cock, at this point I had to warn the guard
  to ease up with the crop, her session had already been more painful then I
  had intended, but such is the shortcoming's of working with amateurs. He added
  his big load to her chest and face, she held her tits up with her hands and
  asked in a small voice &quot;Mercy!&quot; it was all she could think of to
  say while he used the crop like a cane across her nipples. 
The Eighth soldier lasted nearly a half hour but provided a wholly uninteresting
  time with the subject, small dicked wonder that he was, he was gentle and almost
  loving with her shooting his jism on her face and only half heartedly cropping
  her. 
The Ninth soldier was the sort I would like here permanently. He had her by
  the hair but still had her do the work, calmly whispering what a whore and
  slut she was he would at times force her throat all the way down, keeping her
  on the verge of gagging then take her and force her lower to lick his balls.
  When he came fifteen minutes later he wiped his cum into the mix and scooped
  it up from her chest to smear on her face and in her hair. &quot;Sir, any more
  strokes on her breasts may cause permanent damage, shall I change to striking
  her ass?&quot;. 
&quot;Yes, I think that would be wise, good thinking soldier, double the strokes
  and proceed with her ass&quot;. &quot;Fatima, turn around, place your head
  on the ground and stick your ass out..good girl&quot;. 
The soldier delivered twenty searing strokes to the beautiful full ass presented
  to him in the humiliating position Fatima had been made to assume, he made
  sure several of the strokes landed right on her sensitive asshole. 
The last soldier came in 10 minutes after pumping her face with his small
  cock. At least he remembered to cum on her face, he also caned her ass but
  with no real strength, why is it I am surrounded by incompetence? 
After the guards left I stood above the cum covered, bruised and beaten Afghani
  girl drinking in her bruised and bloodied breasts, the obscene word scrawled
  on her stomach, the coat of semen that covered her face and chest and her striped
  ass. 
&quot;You failed by over 20 minutes Fatima, you will receive another scalding
  tonight. I believe your tits will be put out of commission from heavy use for
  a few days, but your cunt, ass and back are not too bad yet, enjoy the rest
  of the afternoon, I will see you this evening&quot;. With that I turned and
  left the room, I gave orders for her to be taken to the infirmary and cleaned
  up and also given a birth control shot. I was the only one who had used her
  pussy at all and I knew I would father no children, but tonight her use would
  be expanded. 
Fabi had recovered from our earlier play in typical style, poorly. She turned
  her hooded eyes to me with what could have been a m accusing look had it been
  possible to read the expressionless gaze of Fabiana. She was still traumatized
  somewhat from the cruel ripping open of her cunt I knew, but the real displeasure
  came from the boredom of the place, there was little to do. Usually I provided
  Fabi with a slave of her own during the day for her to torment, one who she
  could practice her own sadism on without fear of damaging anything of value.
  For now I only had Fatima in my care and so that was not yet possible here.
  I had requested a television, VCR and some movies, Fabi understood English
  well enough to enjoy American and British works, but I had still gotten no
  reply. We spent the afternoon playing chess instead, she beat me most of the
  time and today was no exception. 
The last session of Fatima's day was the longest and the most flexible. The
  morning session would be set as a time to work on and abuse a certain part
  of her body, the afternoon a time for her to be raped or used by the soldiers,
  but the evening was all together improvised most of the time. Tonight I had
  asked two soldiers, the seventh and ninth from the afternoon session to be
  present for the session. 
Fatima was bound to the wooden X shaped cross, her back facing out, her hips
  thrust lewdly out by a pegged in wedge of wood that forced her pelvis far back.
  Her arms were lashed to the top part of the X with rough hemp rope and her
  ankles towards the bottom, spreading her legs far apart and offering us an
  unobstructed access to her cunt and asshole. Her ass still bore the marks of
  the last few sessions, but was in far better shape then her tits. One of the
  camera's had been brought near the wall to catch her facial reactions, the
  other was behind her and at a slight angle as I had requested. 
&quot;Good evening Fatima&quot; I approached the girl, running a finger over
  her asshole and cunt. Despite all that had happened to her Fatima was still
  a Muslim girl, a virgin before yesterday. The shame of being so treated was
  still horrible for the terrified girl. &quot;Fatima, I know you cant turn your
  head to see, but I have two men here with me, I'm sure you will remember them
  from this afternoon, you had their cocks in your mouth and begged them to whip
  you Fatima, do you remember that? I'm sure that you do, but there were so many
  men Fatima I am not sure you will be able to pick them out.&quot; I had the
  soldiers kneels down to get a close look at the girls asshole and cunt, pointing
  out the swelling from the rapes, sodomy, whippings and scalding she had endured.
  Fatima cried as she was examined like a piece of meat, poked, prodded and examined
  by not one but three strangers in her most private of areas. 
&quot;Now Fatima, I know your ass can't go back much farther, but I want you
  to thrust it back more and follow orders and Ill only scald you for 10 minutes
  tonight, otherwise you will get a full half hour, do you understand?&quot; 
&quot;O No! Please don't make me! I can't! I already hurt too much! Too much!
  Please don't!&quot; 
&quot;Ohhhh, Fatima, you have already earned your first punishment, it wasn't
  time to start begging yet, your already moving closer to a longer scalding,
  you must try to do better Fatima, your punishments will be added up and delivered
  after your session. Now Fatima, thrust your ass back and ask the nice man to
  fuck your ass&quot;. 
&quot;No! Not again! Not that! Please!!&quot; 
&quot;Go Ahead, but do not cum in her ass, I do not wish her lubricated&quot;. 
I have spoken before how the pain of rape and sodomy builds with subsequent
  rapes, the same can be true for the humiliation of rape. Sometimes the subject
  becomes numb, sensitized to the abuse, it is my job to make sure that does
  not happen. It may seem that the torture Fatima was forced to endure is random,
  that is far from the truth. 
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;.
  Fatima screamed again as the guard began to slowly force his cock up her dry
  tortured ass. &quot;PLEASE TAKE IT OUT! IT'S ALREADY TOO SORE! NO MORE I WANT
  TO GO HOME! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHNOOOOOOOOOOOO!. 
Inch after inch was forced up her tight stretched shitter while the camera
  captured every twitch of her body, every spasm of pain and scream of the obscene
  rape. He kept plunging deeper and deeper into the young girls bowels as she
  sobbed and begged for relief from the pain and humiliation. 
After about 20 minutes he pulled out and came all over her sexy full ass.
  The other soldier took her place behind her and raped his cock into her cunt
  in one vicious thrust. Although the ass is usually a more painful place to
  take a girl her scalded, bruised cunt was perhaps harder on her, for two hours
  the two of them switched off. 
Fatima was hanging limp in her bonds, her poor body overloaded from the rapes
  and Sodomy of the last two hours not to mention the abuse of the last two days.
  I attached the restraining belt to her hips and began to heat the oil. &quot;Tomorrow
  you will gain a day of rest and exercise Fatima followed by another day of
  training then another day of rest, I'm sure you see that pattern. Now it is
  time for your scalding Fatima, because you were bad tonight you will be scalded
  for the next hour. 
I waited for the oil to get to the proper temperature, filled a glass dildo
  with oil and corked it, I waited for the glass to heat first this time before
  shoving it in Fatima's sore pussy and placing the strap over it. 
&quot;AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, NOT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!,
  ANYTHING ELSE!!!!!, NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; She screamed and whipped her
  head side to side bucking her ass back and forth lewdly. 
I poured a second dildo full of oil and shoved it hard up her still open asshole
  in one firm stroke. 
&quot;AHHHIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKKKKAAAAAAAAAIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; She
  wailed even harder as the Dildo torn into her bowels. Soon the scalding in
  her ass matched and eclipsed that in her pussy as she went totally insane with
  the pain. The screams seemed no longer human but that of some crazed animal
  as the agony touched some core part of her. Indeed it must have felt like the
  very center of her was being blowtorched apart as her ass and cunt burned and
  scalded. The camera caught ever frenzied spasm and scream as she poured her
  throat out shrieking and wailing. After a half hour I removed the two dildos
  and replaced them with two fresh ones so her torment could continue, she only
  lasted a few minutes after hat before slipping out of consciousness. I left
  the dildos in till her session was over and had her dragged back to her cell. 
Fatima's training continued on that way without much deviation for the next
  two months, although there was some variety in her sessions. After two months
  a stunning change took place within my little corner of the Taliban. Apparently
  before I arrived the longest a subject had lasted was 3 days and the most a
  tape had brought was $1000. With my contacts throughout the industry we were
  able to sell tapes for $5000 each and produce many more taped per subject of
  much better quality, aside from that those members of the Taliban leadership
  who enjoyed such things were overjoyed with my work, the funding and increase
  in power literally came overnight. One day I received official word from Warlord
  Rabbani that I had been given the rank of Colonel and that funding would be
  increased ten fold, aside from that I was now able to draw on the general pool
  of soldiers for staffing and could hire my own camera crew and editing team.
  In addition two more subjects, Sohaila and Meena were delivered for sentencing
  with the promise of many more to come. 
Chapter 2 
The Breaking of Sohaila and Meena, Power within the Taliban 
Sohaila and Meena were brought to me after the morning session with Fatima.
  Things had changed with a strange sort of a speed once I was given rank within
  the organization. 4 advanced cameras on rollers staffed with professional class
  Egyptian cameramen now occupied the room as well as another cameraman with
  a hand-held camera. The Equipment in the room had been upgraded literally overnight
  as well. A high leather bench with telescoping legs allowing it to be secured
  at various heights, a hanging cage, an ancient iron maiden, a titanium and
  steel bondage chair, racks of whips, crops, cattle prods, clamps, and S&amp;M
  gear graced a wall, a rack that must have been brought out of a castle dating
  back to the crusades was brought in as well as a hand carved whipping post
  and matching set of stocks that at one time I found out later belonged to a
  Bedouin prince, a racketing pulley had been added to the hanging chain to allow
  adjustment, an electrical &quot;stimulation&quot; panel, a cage full of snakes
  (what the hell would I need snakes for?) as well as other new toys. The mishmash
  of equipment as well as the cameras made for a tight fit indeed. It looked
  like the Taliban, not knowing what to get, picked up everything they could
  find. The respect the guards gave me increased beyond words. One day I was
  the foreign devil here to abuse their women, the next I was a respected commander
  be feared and catered to. 
The girls had been partially sentenced before they reached me this time, which
  was fine with me as I always found those readings slightly annoying but remained
  untouched and to my anger still in the veils and shapeless dresses. These guards,
  many of whom had raped and sodomized Fatima on a near daily basis were still
  afraid to undress a subject without a direct order. 
The girls wrists were bound with cotton cord behind their backs but were otherwise
  unsecured. My first suprise came when I moved towards Sohaila. The 5 cameramen
  sprung into action and the Taliban guards who brought them in snapped to ridged
  attention. The rolling cameras circled and weaved in like predatory wolves
  while the hand-held made a wide lazy circle around the room. For a moment the
  sudden activity threw me off, quickly regaining my stride I cut through Sohaila's
  dress and ripped her veil violently away, she had been given no undergarments
  and the cameras drank in every inch of her body. She possessed a olive skin
  tight from youth and unmarred by blemish, small pert breasts curved skywards
  tipped with dark long nipples, small of frame she possessed almost no hips
  and a small heartshaped ass that tapered down to colt-like legs. Her defiant
  face was that of someone born and raised with privilege. One of the guards
  smartly produced a clip board with several layers of paper. The Taliban had
  greatly improved on the amount of information made available to me. Sohaila,
  20 years old, born to a powerful family had been given the best schooling,
  lived in the finest style and enjoyed the trappings of power. Her family had
  fallen out of grace when the Taliban took over the country and had gone deep
  into hiding, captured a week ago the rest of her family had been either executed
  or imprisoned. Sohaila's file also contained medical records, personality analysis,
  family affiliations and political beliefs. Also included were more specific
  instructions. Sohaila was to be treated with utmost cruelty as a lesson to
  her family and her families supporters. The Taliban did not want her broken
  slowly, they were more interested in the effect this time then in stretching
  things out to produce more film. She was to be given no mercy, while it was
  not ordered directly it was obvious they did not expect her to survive. I had
  never lost a subject, I consider it highly unprofessional, I am not about to
  start now. . She stood shaking though not sobbing nor pleading her head held
  high. &quot;You have already been read your sentence, this is where you will
  serve your punishment until you are released at the Talibans pleasure or Allah
  grants you the mercy of death, there will be no other possibility&quot; 
As I moved on to Meena the guards once again produced a clipboard as I stripped
  her veil and clothing off. &quot;NNNOOOOO!!!!!&quot; She squirmed and sobbed
  trying to fall to her knees as the guards held her up. 
Meena was a nineteen year old beauty, half Arabic and half Scottish, her dark
  hair was highlighted by fiery streaks of copper while bright green eyes offset
  her classic dark Arabic features, large full breasts heaving in terror, revealed
  cherry sized pale brown nipples, full flared hips framed a thick dark bush
  on a flat stomach. I moved behind her to gaze on her round sexy ass and long
  tapered legs, she was a beauty like few I had seen this close up. 
I examined her paperwork. Her only real crime seemed to be her looks and the
  Scottish blood that flowed through her veins. Her father was a Scottish arms
  dealer who had helped supply the Afghani army during the war with Russia and
  had stayed on in the country, her mother the daughter of a sheep farmer. She
  had grown up strictly religious, nothing aside from her heritage and looks
  to indicate why she was here. The instructions were quite different for Meena
  She was to be violated over a length of time for the amusement of the cameras
  and then presented to the leadership as a slave, submission and training were
  paramount in the girls training. 
The opening abuse of the girls would set the tone for much of the subjects
  stay here,. just as was done with Fatima. &quot;Bring the shorter subject to
  the hanging chains, attach a spreader bar to her legs&quot; I ordered. Guards
  moved to obey as camera rolled and zigged around the room. I could tell I was
  gonna hate these guards and camera men with every little fiber of myself. While
  the Guards bound the athletic looking girl I went and had a small talk with
  the cameramen. With a bit of reason, a bit of diplomacy and alot of threats
  the number of cameras to be used in sessions was peacefully agreed on at two
  rolling large cameras that were to be kept at a distance and the hand-held
  which could move with a bit more freedom, the other two men could operate the
  remote cameras or work editing as they wished. 
Sohaila looked magnificent bound with her hands together and pulled high over
  her head by the chain forcing her onto her toes while the spreader bar opened
  her legs and sex up to the air and the stares of the assembled guards as well
  as the zooming cameras, the man with the hand-held even kneeled between her
  legs to get a close up shot. I selected a large knobbed dildo and a harness
  designed to keep it in place and moved to the hanging dark haired beauty. The
  cameraman, after seeing my previous &quot;discussion&quot; with his compatriots
  stared to back off a bit when I walked towards him. A quick motion of the hand
  gave the firm command for him to stay. Using my left hand I reached down and
  spread her pussy lips open for him to get a nice long shot of her pink cunt
  and small clit hood. While spreading her open with my left hand I reached into
  my coat pocked with my right-hand and bring out a modified &quot;fig&quot;.
  A traditional fig is made for horses as a suppository using ginger to cause
  them to raise their tails for show. The modified fig, aside from being much
  bigger uses not only crystallized ginger but also a dried capsicum similar
  to the pepperspray carried by many police these days and a crystallized chemical
  made to produce sharp cramping waves of agony when absorbed. The whole thing
  was held together with a slightly sticky clay-like substance that acts much
  like alkaseltzer when exposed to any moister whatsoever, even a slight amount
  of sweat will cause the stuff to begin foaming and bubbling, producing large
  amounts of whitish foam and releasing the crystallized and powdered chemicals
  within. &quot;Sohaila, this is to be the beginning of your punishment, what
  I am about to put inside you will sear and burn your traitorous little cunt.
  you may thank the Taliban for offering you this kind punishment. &quot; I said
  mostly for the camera, in truth I hated most of these speeches, they just had
  no real emotion or truth to then and cheapened what was essentially a pure
  experience. I moved carefully bringing out the &quot;fig&quot; still wrapped
  in plastic. Unwrapping it I placed the fig just inside her spread open pussy
  I slowly forced the large dildo into her, ripping through her hymen . Tremors
  coursed through the young girls body as her viginity was torn away. The look
  of shock on the young Arabs girls face was priceless, with her hymen being
  torn before marriage her value had just plummeted in one swift thrust and her
  humiliation at being spread out so and ogled while it was happening to her
  was wonderful. I secured the harness around her waist to keep the invading
  rubber cock in place. She hung her head in defeat and pain not realizing that
  very soon the pain of having her virginity taken from her would soon be eclipsed
  by a far more serious agony. 
The blood of her torn virginity provided all the liquid needed to start the
  fig working. Sohaila's head snapped up with her eyes wide, a perfect expression
  of suprise frozen for one perfect moment and then broken by an earsplitting
  scream as the bubbling foam began the burning itching cramping scouring of
  her stretched upon little cunt. Her tits bounced lewdly around her chest as
  she jumped stright up as much as she could with her limited movement. To begin
  her treatment I choose a long braided leather buggy whip. 24 kangaroo skin
  plaits of leather covered a 5 1/2 foot fiberglass springy shaft ending in a
  3 foot tail tipped with a Teflon cracker designed to welt and cut skin with
  each stroke. I circled in front of the girl. She was just starting to feel
  the figs effect, shaking her hips desperatley in a futile attempt to dislodge
  the fire ripping into her. &quot;AAAAIIIIEEEEEGGGGGAAAAARRRRRRRRIIIIIIIII&quot; Her
  screams echoed in the chamber. Aiming the whip at her small bouncing tits I
  laid a quick cutting blow just above the nipple of her right tit. &quot;NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSTOOOOPPPPPPPP!&quot; 
She screamed as the whip brought a crimson line of pain to her chest. The
  cutting strike of the buggy whip could break the skin is used right. The blow
  had not drawn blood but had come close, a distinct red weal would rise in a
  few moments but I didn't wait to see it appear. With lightning speed the tail
  struck again and again at the girls chest. The fiery cutting lashes cut into
  her upper stomach, chest and neck, even catching her face a few times as she
  writhed and screamed. The foam was starting to bubble up around the base of
  the dildo as her pussy started to lubricate itself out of irritation and protection. &quot;UUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!&quot; She
  screamed hoarsely as I slashed her legs and sides before coming up to slice
  her nipples with the buggy whip and snap the whip upward into her crotch on
  either side of the dildo. While the violation of Fatima has for the most part
  been a methodical process, the torture of Sohaila was fast and brutal, the
  lashes fall viciously on her small tits leaving them covered with crimson ribbons
  of pain. I moved behind her and lashed her body from ankles to the neck in
  quick biting lashes, concentrating on her pert ass and the inside of her thighs.
  The cameras circles and zoomed as the lashes and the fig brought the girl to
  the brink of insanity. Her hips bucked wildly back and forth trying to dislodge
  the agony in her pussy and escape the lash It became a dance, backing off when
  I could tell she was about to pass out and pressing forward when she recovered
  a bit, slowing down and speeding up the whip kept falling. after nearly an
  hour her convulsions took on a different character and I knew this first session
  was about to end. Increasing the blows bloody lashes sprung forth on her tits
  and upper thighs as she went into shock and slipped in to unconsciousness. 
The treatment of Meena was to be a different affair. The Guards, who had stood
  mesmerized as Sohalia was tortured sprang to life as I ordered Meena dragged
  to the stocks and secured within. Struggling and fighting the whole way the
  sexy nude Muslim girl was forced to her knees, her head and arms thrust into
  the half circles of the lower board and locked in place as the upper board
  slid down , a bar swiveled up under her chin and locked in place, forcing her
  head up and her face straight ahead, her legs spread apart behind her and locked
  onto place by 2 set copper shackles , beautiful pieces really, hand made and
  engraved with reliefs of slave girls the shackles themselves may well have
  been worth thousands from an antique dealer. The position forced her head down
  and her ass up and splayed for use. nestled between the two demi-globes of
  the sexy girls ass was the smallest pinkish-red little bud of an asshole I
  believe I have ever seen. Originally I had planned to have her gang raped by
  the guards but quickly adjusted the idea. &quot;Hamad, Sodomize the prisoner,
  be forceful, but careful not to tear her muscles or rupture her, do not orgasm
  inside her but instead pull out and finish in her mouth, the rest of you will
  then take your turns in the same manner&quot;. The only response from Meena
  was a faint whimper. Hammad stood behind the beautiful girl, the view was perfect,
  as yet unspoiled, she was a pristine sight to behold. I choose Hammad because
  of both his sadism and the girth of his cock, not the longest cock amongst
  the guards Hammad was blessed with the thickest. I was curious to see whether
  his penis, at least as thick as his forearm would ever fit in that very small
  ass without rupturing her. I sat back a fair distance away so I could take
  in the whole scene, waited for the cameras to get in place and gave the command
  to begin. Hammad tried to impale the girl with one stroke, but that wasn't
  about to work, his cock head dwarfed the tiny crinkle of her anus, for a good
  while I mused whether he would be able to even get it in her at all, for nearly
  a half hour he pushed and thrust while Meena squealed and begged, even promising
  to let him take her virginity or take him in her mouth if he would just stop.
  Three possibilities crossed my mind, he fail to get it in, he would succeed
  but rupture her, or he would get it in and nearly, but not rupture her, it
  was a dangerous game, the Taliban wanted this one as a slave, if she was ruined
  so quickly......I considered stopping him but instead simply sat back watching,
  suddenly the spinster ring of her ass dilated as the huge head slipped inside. &quot;AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; Meena's
  face went dead white as she let out a scream not human, her hands clutched
  and unclutched wildly as cramps rolled through her body tearing into her muscles
  and spasms of pain rocked her. 
I watched for the flood of blood that would indicate a rupture, but the relatively
  small amount I saw did not indicate that. Meena bucked wildly as inch by inch
  of the guards cock slowly filled her ass and tore at her muscles. The young
  beauties eyes went wide and she suddenly stopped struggling, every muscle in
  her body went as ridged as steel cable, her back arches, her head popped up
  and she became pale white as the huge cock suddenly slipped all the way into
  her. There was this moment where everything stopped, like the eye of the storm,
  and then it broke. &quot;AAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; she
  screamed in the most inhman of voices as her ass fas stretched and filled to
  just before the point of tearing apart. The pain of the invasion had driven
  her to the very core of herself, she was as an animal now, knowing only endless
  pain and fear and violation, as the guard pulled slowly out and began to slowly
  fuck her tiny ass, her sanity was being shattered, it was glorious. 
(To Be Continued) 
&nbsp;

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alebeard


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





