BDSM Library - Medieval Marriage




Medieval Marriage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of a girl living in the dark ages, learning to accept her fate as an older man's new bride.The following story is COPYRIGHTED. The author, kaja_m, reserves all rights
  to this work. It may be freely distributed online, posted and archived electronically,
  only in its entirety, including all header material. It may not be changed
  or altered without the author's permission. It may not be sold in whole or
  in any part, or as part of an electronic document, printed material, voice
  recording or any other manner without proper copyright clearances being obtained
  from the author. 
MEDIEVAL MARRIAGE 
Slowly, she crept through the crooked doorway and became chilled from the
  hard cobble stone floor, against her bare feet. Looking around at her new home
  brought her such despair and hopelessness... From now on, her days would be
  as dark and cold and empty, as the cottage itself, where she now stood. Only
  a tiny bit of sunlight shone in through a crack in the wooden shutters. She
  thought perhaps that she might be able to open the wood covering and allow
  light and warmth into the dank, dirty house. She stopped herself as she reached
  to pull apart the heavy pieces of oak. She was owned now... married, bought
  and paid for, and totally at the mercy of her new husband. He paid her father
  little for her hand, but the family was poor, near starving, and so they had
  no choice but to accept. She had no suitors and certainly, none that could
  pay for her love. This man had no interest in her love... he only had use for
  her services. Though she was old to be unmarried, she was still young enough
  to make use of herself. Her husband was older than she, by at least ten years.
  Winter was again approaching, and he did not want to spend another one alone.
  Taking care of household chores and himself and the hunting was beginning to
  take its toll for him and so he decided he needed a wife. He was tall with
  dark hair and cutting eyes... he had no time for sentiment or emotion. He had
  other needs, and she was there, to meet them. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;He circled around her
  as she stood staring down at the dirt covered stones beneath her feet. He latched
  the door and all light vanished. She began to tremble with cold and fear as
  he removed her shawl, exposing her bare shoulders. His filthy fingers ran up
  and down her young, supple flesh, gliding down to her shaking elbows. She had
  earlier that day, before the ceremony, laced her bodice tightly, in effort
  to keep herself from him somehow. To shut him out from her body and to protect
  her delicate, virginal skin from the thick calloused fingers that she knew
  would want to touch her. Placing both hands on her shoulders, he began unlacing
  the thick wall of material that was her only protection. Panted labored breaths
  escaped her, as she grew more terrified by the moment. She wanted more than
  anything, to throw up her arms and push him away and run through the woods,
  back into the arms of her family. Just as these thoughts were playing out in
  her mind, he was telling her that she was his wife and his property, to do
  with what he pleased, and that she must obey him at all times. Once she was
  completely unlaced and had only a thin white undershirt to shield her, he tossed
  her bodice onto the bed and pulled a broom around so that it was directly under
  her nose. Immediately, she gripped it with both hands and was thankful for
  once again, having some sort of barrier between him and her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;He said he was to hunt
  now and that she would earn her keep and clean his cottage while he was gone.
  He told her that he expected food waiting upon his return. Tears welled in
  her eyes after he was gone, knowing truly, that every day of her life hereafter
  was to be just the same as this. She began sweeping and thinking a million
  thoughts. Thoughts of a Prince coming to rescue her, thoughts of cruelty, thoughts
  of escaping in the night... but still, she knew this was her reality and so
  she continued on with her chores. A few rabbits hung outside from a tree and
  there was a bucket full of vegetables along with a few potatoes, sitting next
  to the fire pit. &nbsp;She cleaned a rabbit the way she had been taught long
  ago, sliced the carrots and shredded the carcass meat. She had started a fire
  earlier and now it was hot enough to cook upon. She walked to the well and
  filled a large heavy bucket full of water... enough for the two of them to
  eat two days worth of rabbit stew. Dumping the water into the large black pot
  over the fire, her thoughts immediately raced home... there, her family was
  probably preparing their meal as well...everyone was just about to sit down
  and together, sharing in the day's events. The cheerful glowing of the firelight
  nearly brought tears to her eyes once again. A few hours passed and she left
  the stew simmering, until she heard him approach, crackling branches and leaves
  under his heavy leather boots. She rushed to her feet and filled two large
  bowls with the stew and set them each on the small rickety table. She stood
  behind her chair as he walked in, smiling sinisterly, at the new sights and
  smells, from her being there. As he looked down at the table, suddenly, his
  smile vanished. He eyed her bowl and asked her what that was... she stammered
  out that it was stew and she began rambling frantically about how she had made
  it with his rabbits and his vegetables and potatoes. He snapped his arm back
  and slapped her to the floor, shouting that he knew what it was... her face
  throbbed where he struck her and her tale bone smarted from landing so harshly
  on the stone floor. Silently, the tears streaked down her cheeks. He told her
  it was presumptuous of her to have made a bowl for herself... that his needs
  come before hers and that she should have waited for his permission before
  fixing herself supper. He told her that she had not yet earned her keep, therefore
  had not yet earned the right to be fed. She sat silently on the ground, weeping
  for herself. He had not told her to be silent, only reached back from his chair
  and struck her quivering mouth. He said he would not be bothered by her, while
  he ate. She was hungry and had a very trying day... looking at her stew up
  on the table, that she prepared, growing cold, made her angry and miserable...
  much more so than before. This man was cruel, pure and simple, he had not a
  good bone in his body, she was convinced. She sat in silence, plotting his
  demise. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;He ate noisily, even
  demanded more. It burned her to the core of her being that he could be so crude
  and thoughtless. When he finished, he pushed himself away from the table and
  leaned back in his chair. He ordered her to clean up after him and to throw
  her stew back in the pot. She was told that she would not be allowed to eat
  tonight. She could feel his dark eyes watching her as she cleaned. She felt
  that he could see through her thin top. Her skirt still hung long and full
  and when she moved close to him, he lifted it slightly with his foot. &nbsp;She
  turned and bent to scrape her uneaten bowl back into the pot and when she did,
  she could feel the heat from his body directly behind her. Quickly, she turned
  and her face landed in his chest. He stroked the back of hair while he massaged
  her shoulders with his free hand. He pulled her to him and she whimpered and
  resisted. He chuckled and told her it was futile to push him away... that she
  was his property and she would perform anything he wanted for the sake of his
  pleasure. &quot;No&quot;, she half cried, half begged. Suddenly, the stroking
  on the back of her hair stopped and a handful of it was grabbed as she was
  pulled toward the bed. He pushed her onto the mattress face down, so that she
  could feel straw sticking through the cloth, scratching her delicate face.
  He rolled her onto her back, raising her skirts, so that they bunched up around
  her waist. Her arms developed minds of their own and began flailing at his
  advancements. He yanked the thin material that covered her breasts as he gathered
  her wrists and held them down firmly on the bed. Once her garment was ripped
  and her plump breasts were exposed, he reached between her legs and stroked
  her bare sex, roughly and painfully. She was a peasant girl and had no undergarments
  to shield her modesty. She cried loudly as her new lord and master became dangerously
  excited. The fire in his eyes glowed with evil deviant thoughts. His sex raged
  inside his pants. He released it and plunged into her. She begged softly for
  him not to hurt her but he paid no attention. He entered her tiny hole and
  blood flowed everywhere. He used her like a beast, grunting and thrusting into
  her fragile body. Again, she attempted to throw him off. This time, he was
  so involved with his pleasure, that he made a fist and began blindly striking
  out, wherever his punches landed. A few crunched into her ribs, a few bruised
  her face, more caught her arms and legs and even a few managed to land on her
  breasts. She was completely docile and paralyzed with fear. She simply lay
  still and submissive, as he continued. Beating her had aroused him even more,
  so it took only moments for him to finish. She felt his seed explode inside
  of her, feeling it's terrible heat and power. Just barely finished, he pulled
  out of her, the end of his cock dripping with cum, the same liquid expelling
  from her hole. She curled herself into a ball and rolled over on her side.
  She wept hysterically and uncontrollably. Rather than offer any support, or
  even another beating, he simply pushed her off the edge of the bed where she
  landed on the cold, gray floor. He told her that she would sleep there, until
  she earned otherwise. The candles were blown out and the cottage was pitch
  black. Lying there on the cold floor, was then that she realized his indifference
  was worse than anything. Even though he had beaten and raped her and made her
  go hungry, she would rather have slept with him, instead of be ignored and
  forgotten, on the hard ground, where she was out of sight... and undoubtedly,
  out of mind. She was determined to behave better tomorrow, to earn the right
  to sleep in bed with this terrible cruel man... She knew that being beaten
  was better than being neglected. 
Early the following morning, she woke at dawn, before the sun had even risen.
  She tiptoed around the cottage, being extra careful not to wake him. Scurrying
  around, bare foot and sore, she managed to find some already made bread and
  ever so softly, started another fire. Knowing the bread would not be enough,
  she searched frantically for something more. There were not oats, no grains,
  only the leftover rabbit stew that she had prepared the night before. So, she
  let it simmer and warm a top the small fire, heating it thoroughly enough too
  hopefully satisfy him. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Every muscle and joint
  in her body ached. Certain spots, where his fists had landed, even burned.
  Her hips felt worn to the bone, from lying on the cold, miserable floor. She
  labored trying to breathe from the beating she took on her ribs. Her back was
  stiff and the tender muscles between her thighs felt torturously stretched.
  She had never opened her legs in that manner before and those muscles had never
  really been used. Her white under garment was stained a deep brown from the
  now dried blood of her virginity. She felt filthy and her crotch was caked
  with his soil. &nbsp;She wanted desperately to go outdoors and clean herself,
  but she knew that opening the door would surely wake him. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The stew was again warmed
  and she began setting a place for him. Suddenly, he stirred in his bed and
  groaned. The cottage had been so deathly silent that his movements caused her
  to jump, dropping the bowl to the floor. She could only look down at it and
  weep at the terrible noise it had made. Suddenly, mortified, she looked up...
  the beast had risen. He threw the covers off of his body and swung his feet
  onto the floor. He sat on the bed for only a split second, before, jumping
  to his feet and lunging at her. He said nothing as she crouched down to pick
  up her careless mistake. Her hands shook violently, as did her entire body
  as he approached. She wanted to tell him how sorry and careless she was, but
  she could not make the words come out. She was grabbed around the throat and
  thrown back nearly landing in the fire. She cowered in the corner against the
  warm stones of the hearth, as he pointed to the bowl and growled for her to
  pick it up. Slowly and cautiously, she crawled for the bowl and kept her distance
  from him as much as she was able. Her arm extended far to reach it and remain
  out of his way. Without warning, his foot landed squarely on her outstretched
  wrist, crushing it and pushing it to the floor. The girl gasped loudly from
  the surprise and pain. She stared up at him, almost silently pleading for mercy.
  He had just now realized, for the first time this morning, that he did in fact
  have a wife... that she was there to do his bidding. He chuckled at the thought,
  and at himself, for forgetting. Quickly, his expression turned angered and
  again, she tried to shrink back. But his foot was planted too firmly on her
  arm and she had no escape. As she pulled her head and body back, the back of
  her hair was grabbed and pulled towards him, as he had other ideas in mind.
  He did not yet release her hand, but continued to pull her closer to him, intensifying
  the terrible suffocation of her fragile wrist bone. She did not want to resist,
  but could not help herself because of the agonizing tension on her hand. Still,
  he pulled her stronger than she could hold back, and soon, her face was a mere
  finger tips length away from his swelling sex. It grew harder and angrier,
  the closer she got to it. Finally, it was at full force, thick, veiny and wanting
  to hurt her. She was told to open her mouth and she now understood what was
  expected. She heard some of the village girls speak of doing things like this,
  but she never thought anyone ever really did. Now, she was about to. She lunged
  forth, trying to ignore the pain shooting up her arm... her wrist and fingers
  had gone numb now and only the slight movement of his foot reminded her that
  she was firmly secured to the floor. Licking her lips, and swallowing hard,
  she wrapped them gently around the head of his penis, not really knowing what
  else to do. The back of her head was smacked, and she began sucking. At first,
  she suckled on only the tip of his cock and the moment his legs started to
  quiver, her face was shoved cruelly up the length of him. It plunged into her
  throat, catching her off guard. She gagged and choked violently, but he would
  not relent. She tried to remain quiet and stifle her chokes... she wanted desperately
  to please him. Her soft supple lips were getting raw at the mercy of his thrustings.
  Saliva dribbled uncontrollably down her chin. He forced her face onto him one
  last time, even deeper than before. A gush of thick, creamy liquid overflowed
  into her mouth. Her reflexes sent it spilling down her face and creating a
  small puddle of it on the floor. Before she had a chance to swallow any of
  the juices that were filling her orifice, the foot that crushed her hand, swiftly
  moved to the back of her neck. Her face was shoved into the floor and she knew
  to do nothing else but lick up what she had spilled. She heard him laugh quietly
  and smugly and suddenly, a warm glow came over her. Something in her body stirred
  and she felt her own nipples stiffen. Her tongue moved gracefully and proudly,
  at the thought that he was pleased. The creamy white liquid coated her scratchy,
  tender throat, bringing it warm relief as it slid down to her belly. Her empty
  stomach savored the tiny amount of substance that was now in it. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The foot was removed
  and she was ordered to get up and serve him his breakfast. She did so, without
  preparing a bowl for herself. She stood behind his chair as he ate, keeping
  her humbled eyes down to the floor. He did not finish his stew, but stood up
  and started dressing for the days hunt and chores. He was just fastening his
  over coat, when she lifted the bowl, in order to empty the leftovers back into
  the pot. She stopped in her tracks, as the heavy pounding of his boots started
  towards her. Again, she began to shake as he drew nearer. He took the bowl
  from her hands and set it back on the table. She was told that after he left,
  she may clean the bowl with her tongue, just as she had done with his cum,
  only moments before. Her eyes widened with excitement as he spoke almost kindly
  to her. She was so grateful for his generous offering of his leftovers, that
  she bowed before him and kissed his hand, thanking him profusely. He permitted
  her showing of gratitude for a few seconds, delighting in her new compliance
  and affection, then withdrew his hand and headed for the door. She was nearly
  giddy and overcome with joy from his approval. She would not have allowed her
  over run joyous emotion to cause her to forget her place, but to instill that
  fact, just before exiting the dark little cottage, he told her that no other
  food may be missing upon his return. Quickly, she shook her head and cast her
  eyes to the floor. With that, he was gone, and she was left alone with her
  chores and duties and finally able to clean herself.... But not before she
  gobbled down every last morsel of food that was so considerately left in his
  bowl for her! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
  End. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kaja_m


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





