BDSM Library - The Favour




The Favour
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Susan was a shy typist working at a big company. She has fantasies about giving herself completely to her boss for any depravity he desired. One day he calls her into his office and makes her an offer she cannot resist. Susan agrees to anything he wants from her including butchering and eating her. 
   
     The Favour 
      by Honda  
      &nbsp; 
      credits to CannibalCook aka ThomasR
            for sharing his recipes. 

      &copy;Copyright 1999 Honda-Matic, All
          Rights Reserved. This story may be reproduced only in its full, original,
          unedited and unmodified posting where: 1) full credit is given to its
          author and, 2) no commercial gain of any sort is realized as a result
          of its reproduction. No permission is granted, actual or implied, to
          reproduce a modified version of this story, in whole or in part, without
          the express consent of the author. 
      Warning: This story is intended
            for mature adults only. Do not continue to read unless you enjoy
            reading snuff stories. This story is purely fictional and contains
            consensual m/f snuff and cannibalism. 

      ---- 

      It was late in the afternoon. Susan was
          called in to see her manager. She was a bit nervous, not knowing what
          he wanted to see her about. Her performance had been up to standard,
          and she had never wasted time nor slept on the job. Indeed, she had
          been an excellent typist. She was always punctual and finished all
          her assigned task on time. There was really nothing much to complain
          about her. 

      Susan was about 25 years old; nobody
          except the human resource manager in the company knew her exact age,
          but 25 was a safe bet. She was not bad looking either, slightly on
          the plump side, but not fat at all by any measure. Her dark blond hair
          was tied into a bundle on the upper backside of her head. 

      She had been with the company for over
          a year already. Usually she did not see the manager much. The manager's
          personal assistant, Ms Allison, had given all her tasks to her. Maybe
          she was about to get a promotion. Susan had always wanted to be a secretary,
          but there had been no opening for that position so far. 

      She knocked on the manager's door and
          was answered with a friendly, "Come in". She opened the door and walked
          in. The manager sat on his comfortable leather chair and looked very
          relaxed. He looked quite handsome she thought. Most managers she had
          seen had grey hair or were half bald with big bellies. Bill, however,
          was relative young compared to the other managers in the company. He
          looked like he was in his late twenties. From what she could see, he
          probably had a nice figure as well, muscular and no big belly. 

      He looked at her like any men would do
          when they wanted something from a woman. Susan would have let him have
          her if he had asked for it. She did not have a steady boyfriend and
          hadn't been getting laid much lately, so she would have welcomed it.
          Besides, she liked Bill. He was her type of guy but she had always
          been a bit shy to talk to him before, not that she was a shy girl normally,
          but with him it was different. Whenever she saw him, her heart would
          start pounding faster, her face would start to flush and her hands
          began to shake. It was very embarrassing to her, but she could not
          control her body when she was close to him. That's why she avoided
          him, but secretly she dreamt about how it would be like if she were
          his girlfriend. 

      "Susan, may I call you Susan?" he began. "Certainly,
          Sir", she managed to say, trying to hide her excitement and control
          herself. He had actually called her by her first name. Her mind was
          trying to absorb this new information. He was so friendly, so handsome.
          Maybe he was sensing her feelings towards him. There was the possibility
          that he might even like her. Images of him making love to her raced
          through her mind. She was very excited and her excitement grew with
          every second passing. 

      "Please, call me Bill." he told her. "There's
          no need for any formalities. This is not an official meeting. I want
          to discuss something with you in private. It's not work related," he
          told her while observing her reaction. "If you are busy, we can talk
          another time", he quickly added. 

      "No, no, it's quite alright with me.
          I've already finished most of my work today, Sir, err, Bill." she replied
          sensing that this would become interesting. She might have been right.
          It seemed that he wanted something from her she thought happily. Already
          she had made up her mind that she would do anything he wanted. She
          did not want to loose this chance to please him and was desperate to
          do anything to win his favour. 

      Expectantly she looked at Bill and waited
          for him to continue. Susan was very aroused by the thought of completely
          giving herself to him. The mere thought about it excited her, but she
          could not figure out what exactly it was that attracted her to him.
          It did not really matter to her. The important thing was that he seemed
          to want her and she was ready to give him anything that he wanted. 

      "Well, where should I start? I've got
          a party at my place tomorrow and I was wondering whether you would
          be free", he started to say seeming a bit awkward about it. 

      "That's great. I've nothing planned for
          tomorrow", she blurted out, her excitement growing even more. 

      "Slow down there", Bill told her. "I
          haven't told you everything yet, and please take a moment to consider
          it before you give your answer. I won't be cross if you refuse and
          we can forget that this whole conversation had ever taken place if
          you decide not to take me up on the invitation." he continued to tell
          her. 

      "But why would I turn you down?" she
          asked him. 

      "Let me explain to you in more detail.
          I need you to help me out at the party, so you won't be really a guest
          at the party", he explained to her. 

      "That's alright, Bill. I don't mind helping
          out", she interrupted him. 

      "That's very nice of you", Bill responded, "but
          I had something else in mind for you." 

      "Really? What would that be?" she was
          curious to know and started to feel a bit confused. 

      "Well, I was planning to serve something
          exotic to eat", he started to explain. 

      "You want me to waitress in the nude
          or something like that?" she interrupted him. 

      "No, no, nothing like that either. Please
          let me finish explaining," he told her. 

      "Ok, I'll keep quiet and listen", she
          told him and was starting to wonder what he wanted from her. Then it
          came to her mind that he might need someone to comfort his guests during
          dinner. Strangely this idea excited her. She did not know why but it
          terribly aroused her. Usually she was not an exhibitionist and enjoyed
          sex only in private with someone she knew and liked. She had never
          made love with a stranger before and also never made love in an open
          area where someone else could have watched. Sex had been a private
          matter to her and she had never considered that she would ever do it
          any other way. Yet the thought of doing exactly that with Bill's friends,
          which were total strangers to her, excited her enormously. 

      "Are you listening? Or did I bore you
          to sleep already?" Bill was waving his hands in front of her eyes. 

      "Sorry, I was lost in thoughts. Won't
          happen again", she apologized feeling very embarrassed for not paying
          attention to her dream guy. 

      "Ah, OK, but listen carefully now. It's
          important." he started again. "I would love to have you over at my
          party. I want to serve some exotic meat at my party. That's where you
          could do me a favour. I've already ordered some meat from my butcher
          but he can only deliver 3 sows by tomorrow. I am one short. Would you
          mind doing me a favour and fill in for the shortage?" he asked her
          looking her deep into the eyes. 

      "Erm, I....I don't know", she stuttered.
          Susan didn't know what to say. She hadn't expected this. Did he just
          ask her to volunteer as meat, to be butchered or did she just imagine
          it? 

      "Take your time and think about it. And
          don't feel obligated to do it because I'm your boss. This is an unofficial
          request and I won't be upset with you if you refuse.", he told her. 

      She thought that it was very sweet of
          him not to pressure her and gave the idea of being meat a further thought. 

      "By the way, I know the decision should
          come from you alone but I just wanted you to know that you look fabulous
          and would do a good job as meat. You were the first person that came
          to my mind when I was looking for a volunteer. Also, if you decide
          to volunteer, I'll take care of all the paperwork for you, so you don't
          need to worry about that at all.", he told her 

      "I am honoured to have you think so highly
          of me", she told him and felt her pussy moistening. This was a bit
          more extreme than what she had initially imagined but it will still
          please him, she thought. He looked very sincere and was patiently waiting
          for her reply. One further look at him and she had decided. She had
          made up her mind. "Ok, I'll do it. I'm all yours", she said smiling
          and full of confidence. She had never felt better in her life. Somehow
          she felt very triumphantly and she wasn't nervous anymore. Her hands
          weren't shaking and she wasn't blushing. 

      "That's great. I am really glad that
          you decided to volunteer for it. I am forever in your debt. Do you
          have anything that you want me to do for you?", he asked her. 

      "Erm, well, there's something", she said
          slightly embarrassed. 

      "Please feel free to tell me. I will
          try my best to do whatever you want.", he reassured her. 

      "It's quite embarrassing", she began, "but
          could you", she looked down at the floor to avoid his eyes, "could
          you fuck me before you, you know", she stammered. She suddenly flushed
          and her face became all red. 

      "No need to feel embarrassed about it.
          Sex is nothing to be ashamed about. It's quite a natural urge we all
          have", he told her. "It will be my pleasure to grant you this wish." 

      Susan was happy. He had accepted her
          request. She threw herself around his neck, nearly tumbling him over
          with her momentum. She kissed him wildly and pressed herself tighter
          against him. They kissed passionately for a while. "Could you tie me
          up and gag me?", she asked him, her eyes pleading and begging. 

      "With pleasure", he told her and broke
          their embrace. He opened his top drawer and pulled out a rope. 
      "Please turn around and put your hands
          behind your back.", he told her. 

      "Wouldn't it be better if I took off
          my panties first? You could gag me with them", she suggested. 

      "That's an excellent idea", he commented. 

      Susan stepped a step back and lifted
          her skirt to reveal a pair of white stockings and matching white panties.
          She bend down and slipped off her panties and handed them to him. He
          accepted her panties with his right hand and placed them below his
          nose to take a sniff at them. 

      "Oh, it smells nice, you horny bitch",
          he told her after smelling her panties. 

      Susan grinned back at him and turned
          around placing her hands behind her back. "Tie me up", she demanded
          sounding more like a command than a request. 

      "No problem, bitch", Bill replied a little
          annoyed. He didn't like the tone in her voice and pulled the rope very
          tight so that it bit into her wrists. She let out a gasp but Bill stuffed
          her panties into her mouth preventing her from making any further annoying
          noises. He then made her lean over the table and pushed her forward
          so that her bare ass was exposed and looking at him invitingly. 

      Bill smiled to himself and pulled out
          his erect cock. This bitch was so willing to please him; he didn't
          even have to rape her. He positioned his cock at the entrance of her
          anus and rammed it in. Her unlubricated asshole was very tight and
          it felt good to have it squeeze on his cock. It felt heavenly to him
          whereas Susan was in pain. She did not expect Bill's cock to be that
          big nor did she expect to be fucked up her ass. It was the first time
          for her that someone had stuck something up her ass. She had been an
          anal virgin before. The pain could be seen on her face, tears flowing
          down her cheeks, but Bill didn't see them nor would he care about them
          if he saw them. He was enjoying her tight ass and continued to fuck
          her up her back alley. 

      Susan was in terrible pain. Bill's huge
          cock was ripping her ass apart, but she couldn't scream. Her mouth
          still had her panties in there, which prevented her from screaming.
          All she could do was shake her head around in pain and to hope that
          Bill would finish with her ass soon. But she had no such luck. Bill
          was even more turned on by her frantic head movements and continued
          to pound her. 

      After a while, Susan started to enjoy
          her anal penetration. At first it had hurt a lot, but eventually she
          got used to the pain and was able to derive some pleasure from it.
          Susan continued to thrash her head around but it wasn't caused by pain
          anymore. Bill was ignorant to what Susan was feeling; his only concern
          was his own pleasure. 

      A short moment later, both Susan and
          Bill were quivering in ecstasy, an indication that both were nearing
          orgasm. Bill pulled out of Susan's ass and rammed it into her wet hot
          pussy. Susan felt like she was in heaven, feeling Bill's cock filling
          her pussy. Bill slowed down his pounding on Susan to prolong his pleasure.
          He reached forward and started to fondle Susan's soft tits while imagining
          how delicious it would be to bite into them. He fumbled at her shirt
          and managed to unbutton parts of it, revealing a nice pair of tits
          pushed up by a soft cotton bra. With expert speed he pushed the bra
          downwards, fully exposing two wobbly tits, which he started to squeeze
          immediately. A few seconds later, her tits had turned red from all
          the squeezing, but he wasn't satisfied yet. He continued to fondle
          and squeeze them while he slowly continued to fuck her pussy. 

      Then his balls filled up with his seeds
          ready for deployment. He thrust deep and hard into her pussy leaving
          it embedded there when he shot his load of cum deep into her letting
          his semen splash against the opening of Susan's cervix. While his dick
          and balls were busy pumping, his hands were not idling either. He was
          holding Susan's nipples between his fingers and squeezing them mercilessly. 

      Susan felt a mixture of pleasure and
          pain from a big orgasm, which rippled through her but also, felt the
          terrible pain inflicted upon her small nipples. 

      When Bill had finished he pulled out
          of Susan and turned her around. For the first time, he saw Susan's
          tear covered face and realised that she had been crying. He smiled
          and ungagged her, pulling her panties out of her mouth which he had
          stuffed in there before. Susan opened her mouth wide to catch some
          breath, but he immediately forced his cum filled cock into her mouth
          and forced her to suck him clean. 

      Susan obediently licked his cock clean.
          Then Bill got dressed again and untied Susan. "I hope that that was
          satisfying. It certainly was a pleasure for me", he told her. 

      "Thank you, Sir", she replied. "I am
          very grateful for this." 

      "Now, go and clean yourself up. I will
          pick you up tomorrow morning at 7. Also, shave yourself tonight so
          we can save some time tomorrow.", he told her. 

      Susan straightened herself up, buttoning
          up her shirt again and slipped her panties back on. Then she left his
          office and went back to finish her work. She had to finish up all her
          work that afternoon. There was no other time she could do it anymore.
          It was to be her last day at work. 

      During the remainder of the afternoon,
          Susan had problems concentrating on her work. Her mind was clouded
          with visions of her impending slaughter, which excited her very much,
          so much that her pussy was constantly wet that afternoon. However,
          with much difficulty and a bit of self-control, Susan managed to finish
          all her work. She quickly said goodbye to all her close colleagues
          and left work earlier than usual. Nobody suspected anything and had
          no idea why she had been so pre-occupied that day, nor did they know
          that they would never see her again. 

      Susan went home straight away. When she
          arrived, the first thing she did was strip naked and masturbate. In
          her mind, she played back the entire conversation that took place in
          Bill's office. She orgasmed hard thinking about it. It was as if she
          was in another world, a world filled with pleasure only. She was so
          completely emerged in her fantasy that she didn't even hear the phone
          ringing. 

      When she had finally satisfied her lust
          and returned to the real world, she heard the phone ringing. She snapped
          out of her trance like daydreaming and answered the phone. 

      "Hello, Susan. Where have you been?",
          she heard a voice say. "I've rung your office but they told me that
          you've left early so I tried ringing you at home. Where have you been
          girl? I've been trying to ring you for over an hour now". 

      It was Jennifer at the other end. Susan
          suddenly remembered that she was supposed to pick her up. They had
          planned to go out together that night. 

      "Oh, hi Jennifer. I'm sorry, but I didn't
          hear the phone ringing", she replied. It was the truth. 

      "What were you doing for over an hour
          that you didn't hear the phone? A shower doesn't take that long.",
          Jennifer inquired. 

      Susan didn't know what to tell her friend.
          She decided to tell her later when they were face to face. That would
          give her some time to think about how to break her the news. It would
          be their last night together. Susan decided that they should do something
          special. 

      "I'll tell you later. I'll pick you up
          in half an hour. Be ready when I get there. See you later.", she told
          her and hung up. 

      Half an hour later, Susan was at Jennifer's
          door and rang the bell. It took only seconds before Jennifer answered
          the door. She had been impatiently waiting for Susan and dying to find
          out what had happened. After the short phone conversation with Susan
          earlier on, she had suspected that something was going on. Susan normally
          would chat for hours going on about her fantasies with her boss. Things
          she dreamt about all day long in the office but never had the nerve
          to actually do. Jennifer knew about Susan's most passionate fantasy
          to be her boss' sex slave, to totally submit herself to him. She wondered
          whether Susan had finally found the courage to ask him and whether
          he had accepted or rejected her. 

      "What's the story Susan? Give me the
          buzz. What has happened?", Jennifer asked. 

      "Um, let's get into the car first. I'll
          tell you on the way.", Susan replied. 

      "You are stalling again. Tell me what
          happened. I'd do anything in my power to help you, you know that.",
          Jennifer said. 

      Suddenly Susan broke out in tears and
          hugged Jennifer. "You are the best friend I ever had." 

      Susan wiped off the tears in her face.
          She had gotten very emotional. She had never felt so close to Jennifer
          before. It felt terrible to her to have to leave her best friend all
          alone while she was going to experience her most ultimate and final
          fantasy. 

      "You can have my car. I won't be needing
          it anymore", was the only thing she could come up with. 

      "What? Are you out of your mind or what
          is the matter with you?", Jennifer replied shocked. "Talk to me girl.
          You are scaring me." 

      "I've told you about Bill", Susan started. 

      "Your boss? Yes, you've told me about
          him many times. Did you ask him? Did he accept?", Jennifer asked excitedly.
          The suspense was killing her. "Common, tell me." 

      "Well, he asked me today", Susan continued. 

      "And you accepted? Wow, are you his full
          time sex slave now? Is that why you don't need your car any more?",
          Jennifer interrupted again. Her excitement and curiosity grew by the
          seconds. 

      "Yes, I did", Susan, said with pride, "but
          I won't be just a sex slave in the normal sense." 

      "You can have my car, in fact you can
          have everything that I own. I won't be needing any of it after tonight.
          That's why I want to make tonight special. It will be our last night
          together.", Susan said with tears in her eyes and she hugged Jennifer. 

      Both women hugged each other for a while
          both of them sobbed a little. They loved one another and it was painful
          for them to say goodbye. Finally Susan found the courage and separated
          from the deep embrace they were in and bravely said: "Let's go out.
          Let's have some fun together. We won't be able to do it any other time" 

      "You are right. But let's not go to a
          nightclub. Let's go somewhere private instead, like a caf� or something.
          I want to spend some time with you instead of having guys trying to
          hit on us.", Jennifer suggested. 

      Susan agreed and they went to a nice
          caf� in the inner city. Time passed quickly while the two women were
          telling each other their deepest fantasies. 

      "Tell me, Susan, what will be your primary
          duties?", Jennifer inquired. 

      "I will have just one duty. I'll be meat.",
          Susan replied dryly. 

      "What? You mean he will butcher you?
          And you agreed to it?", Jennifer shouted out in shock. She had never
          guessed that Susan would ever do such a thing, but the thought excited
          her and she wanted to know more. 

      "Tell me, how do you feel? This is more
          exciting than I thought. Why did you agree to it?", Jennifer pressed
          on. 

      Susan blushed and told her that this
          was the only way she could get close to him and that she would do anything
          for him, stressing the word 'anything'. Jennifer was very amazed but
          also admired Susan's courage. She had thought about volunteering to
          be butchered but never had the courage to tell anybody about this fantasy
          nor was she brave enough to ask anyone about the procedure for it.
          Susan was so very brave in her eyes. She was about to do the very thing
          Jennifer had always secretly dreamed about but had never had the nerve
          to admit, not even to herself. Hearing about Susan's decision suddenly
          changed everything. Her deepest desires were awoken inside her. It
          was a unique opportunity to find out more. Susan was her best friend,
          if not ask her who else to ask and since Susan was actually going through
          the process, she was the perfect person to ask. 

      "You know, the thought about being butchered
          turns me on, too. Please tell me more about it. I might consider doing
          it as well", Jennifer confessed to Susan and blushed. 

      They both fell into a deep embrace again
          and kissed passionately. It was soon decided to continue on in a more
          private place and they returned to Susan's place. Once there the two
          women were overcome by passion and lust and made love on Susan's bed.
          It was the first time they made love to each other. They had been very
          close friends, but not lovers. Both had considered themselves to be
          straight. It was the first time they had felt such a great passion
          towards each other. The remainder of the night was dedicated to their
          passionate lovemaking and they fell asleep in each other's arms. 

      They awoke early the next morning since
          Susan had an important appointment with her destiny as meat. Susan
          tried to be careful and be as quiet as possible so she would not disturb
          Jennifer, but she woke up anyway. Jennifer wanted to say goodbye to
          Susan before she left. 

      Susan got dressed quickly and had only
          a cup of coffee for breakfast. She wasn't supposed to eat any food
          before her slaughter. Then she remembered to have a shave. She went
          into the bathroom, slipped off her panties and found a clean blade.
          She regularly shaved her pussy, but she wanted to make sure her pussy
          was as smooth as possible when it was served at Bill's party. 

      Jennifer had followed her and got dripping
          wet when she saw what Susan was doing. Susan, who saw the reaction
          of her friend, smiled at her with amusement and offered her the blade
          to shave her pussy. Jennifer hesitantly accepted the blade and carefully
          shaved Susan. 

      When she finished, it was time to go.
          Jennifer offered to drive Susan to Bill's place but Susan told her
          that she was going to be picked up. Together, they waited. It was an
          awkward moment for both of them. Neither of them knew what to say.
          It was their last moment together and they didn't know what to say. 

      Finally Susan broke the silence. "I'm
          going to be killed quickly. I won't feel any pain." 

      "Is that how you want it?", Jennifer
          asked. "I guess, you just want to get it over with quickly, right". 

      Susan nodded. 

      "I would prefer to be spitted and roasted
          like a piglet. Just the thought about having a spit driven through
          me makes me wild.", Jennifer confessed. 

      Susan was shocked by Jennifer's revelation.
          She could not imagine how a woman could find pleasure in being impaled.
          Just when she was about to say something, a limousine drove up her
          house and someone rang the doorbell. 

      This was it. Both women knew it. Susan
          went to the door and opened it. There he was. It was Bill in person.
          He had personally come to pick her up. It was so sweet of him, Susan
          thought. Jennifer stepped closer and hugged Susan. They both kissed
          each other goodbye. Bill eyed Jennifer from head to toe. She was quite
          pretty and Bill would had loved to sinks his teeth into her as well. 

      "Hi, you must be Bill. I'm Jennifer." 

      "I'm pleased to meet you.", Bill stretched
          out his hand and they shook hands. Then they said goodbye to each other
          and Susan left with Bill. There was no turning back for Susan. She
          was Bill's meat. 

      Susan followed Bill into the car, her
          legs were shaking and she was barely able to walk. When she arrived
          at the car, she went into the backseat and sat down. Bill closed the
          door behind her and started the car. They drove off and she saw Jennifer
          waving at her from her front door. Then the limousine turned the corner
          and Jennifer disappeared from her sight. 

      Jennifer waved at the entrance until
          the limousine disappeared. Then she went back into her new home. She
          was sad for having lost her best friend, but also happy for Susan that
          she had finally found what she had always desired. 

      The drive to Bill's house was short and
          eventless. When they arrived, Bill's wife Margaret greeted them. "Welcome,
          you must be Susan. It's a pleasure to have you over and I can't tell
          you how grateful we are for your help. We really appreciate your favour." 

      Susan smiled shyly. It felt a bit awkward
          to meet Margaret. She wondered whether Bill had told his wife about
          the little affair in the office. 

      Margaret gave Susan a warm smile. "Don't
          worry sweetheart. Bill has told me everything. But please come in.",
          she invited Susan into the house. 

      They all went inside. Suddenly the phone
          rang and Margaret excused herself. Bill gave Susan a hug and kissed
          her passionately. Susan felt like in heaven. She would have done anything
          for just such a kiss. Then Bill told her to undress and Susan stripped
          off her covers. She wore nothing beneath it and was totally naked in
          just a few seconds. 

      Bill let her into the kitchen. Susan
          followed and took off her shoes once she arrived. "Please take a seat",
          Bill said and pointed over to the butchering table. Susan slowly walked
          over to the table and climbed onto it. There she silently waited for
          her butchering. 

      Then Margaret popped her head into the
          kitchen. "How's it going in here?", she asked her husband. She had
          a worried expression in her face. "What's up honey? You look worried.",
          Bill asked his wife. 

      "We have a problem.", Margaret began. "That
          was Thomas. He will be turning up with family." 

      Bill did a quick head count in his mind. "Damn.
          That means we will be short of meat. Where do we find an additional
          volunteer for spit roasting on such a short time notice? It's impossible.",
          Bill sighed. 

      "Well, it seems like I'll have to volunteer",
          Margaret suggested. She wiggled her massive breasts to emphasize her
          body's suitability as meat. Margaret wasn't the youngest gal around
          anymore and with more than forty years behind her, she certainly did
          not fall into the young meat category. Nevertheless, she had kept her
          body in top shape, exercising daily. There was almost no fat on her
          body, no excessive fat at least, and she still had quite a nice slender
          figure even though not as slender as someone in their teens or twenties.
          She had a firm rump and shapely legs. If someone who did not know her
          age should have guessed, he would have guessed her in the early thirties.
          Her most noticeable and probably best parts were her ample soft bosoms,
          which Bill had used as cushions on many occasions. She would have been
          a good choice, but Bill did not like the idea at all. 

      "No way. I'll never allow it.", Bill
          protested. 

      "But we need more meat. And I am the
          only woman available on such short notice", she tried to reason with
          him. 

      "No, I just won't allow it. We will have
          to just cancel the party then or get some pork instead.", Bill protested. 

      Susan who had involuntarily listened
          in on the conversation interrupted the two. "Ahem. May I make a suggestion?" 

      "What is it?", Margaret asked her. 

      "I might know someone who might be able
          to help you out.", Susan said hesitantly. "But I am not sure." 

      "Hell, we can give it a try. It won't
          hurt.", Bill suggested. 

      "Please tell us what your suggestion
          is", Margaret asked her. 

      "I have a friend who might be interested
          in being spit roasted.", Susan explained. 

      "That would be great", Margaret exclaimed. "We
          have a spare spit." 

      "Who did you have in mind?", Bill asked. 

      "My friend Jennifer had told me that
          she has fantasized about being spit roasted. It might be a possibility.",
          Susan told them. 

      "That's good. Is her body suitably build?",
          Bill inquired. 

      "You've seen her at my place this morning.",
          Susan replied. 

      "You mean Jennifer? Hell, she is perfectly
          suitable for roasting.", he exclaimed. 

      "Who is Jennifer?", Margaret inquired. 

      "She is my best friend.", Susan told
          her. 

      "That's good. Let's call her.", Bill
          suggested and handed Susan his mobile phone. 

      Susan dialled her home hoping Jennifer
          would still be there. 

      "Hello. This is Jennifer. Susan does
          not live here anymore." 

      "It's me, Susan." 

      "Hi, Susan. Is everything alright? What
          has happened? Did they cancel the butchering?" 

      "No, nothing wrong here. I am still going
          to be butchered later." 

      "So what's up? You aren't having doubts,
          are you?" 

      "No, no, nothing like that at all. I
          have a proposition for you. You might be interested." 

      "I'm all ears. But be quick. I'll have
          to go to work soon" 

      "Maybe not", Susan giggled. "Well, we
          have a shortage of meat here. I was wondering whether you want to be
          spit roasted here" 

      "Are you serious?", Jennifer exploded.
          She suddenly felt very moist between her legs. It was as if she had
          lost control over her own body and that it had its own mind. Her lips
          were moving and saying something she would not had said. She heard
          herself say: "Yes". Her brain registered panic bells and she was shocked
          to realise that she was so freaked out and excited about being spit
          roasted that she was unable to think rational anymore. 

      She vaguely heard Susan telling her to
          stay put and wait for pick up. Then she hung up. Jennifer stood there,
          still next to the phone in awe. She had just agreed to being butchered.
          Finally she would be making love to a spit. Jennifer remained in that
          position for quite a while. Her body was frozen and motionless like
          a statue while her mind was racing through the event in the last few
          minutes. 

      Meanwhile Bill and his wife were hailing
          Susan as their saviour. Then Bill became very serious. "We have to
          start straight away, or we will run out of time", he reminded everyone.
          Margaret and Susan agreed with him. "I'll have to butcher you now and
          then pick up your friend afterwards. This will allow some time for
          your carcass to be drained of blood." 

      Susan swallowed hard. Her time to become
          meat was about to begin. 

      "Sorry, this can't wait. I would have
          preferred to let you and your friend catch up first but we really don't
          have the time for it.", Bill apologized. 

      "That is quite alright. I...I'm ready
          now.", Susan said bravely while her whole body trembled. 

      Bill caressed her soft cheek and grabbed
          a sharp knife, which he had previously prepared. Margaret went behind
          Susan, grabbed her and was holding her tightly. Then Bill touched her
          neck and gently moved her chin up. His other hand brought the blade
          over, positioning it at her exposed throat. With one quick movement,
          he drew the blade slicing through her throat like butter. Blood shot
          out of her throat splashing on Bill's face and covered him in blood.
          His shirt had turned red. Susan felt a sharp pain and died instantly
          while Margaret tried to hold her spasming body still. 

      Bill tied her feet together and hoisted
          her feet up on top of a meat hook. Susan hung upside down from the
          meat hook and was left in that position to drain the blood. Bill quickly
          sliced open her belly cutting her open from her pussy up to her breastbone.
          Her guts fell out instantaneously. He clipped them off letting them
          fall to the ground and expertly cleaned her insides. Then he washed
          himself and changed clothes. He had to pick up Jennifer. 

      Jennifer was still frozen in her position
          when Bill arrived. She snapped out of it when Bill rang the doorbell.
          She approached the door trembling and almost collapsed with excitement
          when she saw Bill upon opening the door. It was a weird feeling to
          greet and welcome your butcher knowing that he would soon be butchering
          you. 

      Bill had to wait a little while before
          she found her composure again. Then he let her to his car and drove
          her back home. Jennifer stared wordlessly at him during then whole
          car journey. When they arrived Margaret welcomed Jennifer and took
          her into the house straight away. Once in there they told Jennifer
          to strip while Margaret admired her perfectly build body. 

      "Susan had left everything she owned
          to you in her will. Who do you want to give all your belongings to?",
          Bill asked Jennifer. "Please fill in the details of your benefactor
          and sign this, this and this. I'll take care of everything else for
          you.". Bill handed her a few forms and pointed out the places she needed
          to sign. 

      "Well, I have no family left and Susan
          was the only person I was close to. There isn't really anybody I know
          who I want to give all our stuff to.", Jennifer responded. She thought
          about it for a while and couldn't think of anyone she knew well enough
          to give her belongings to. Then finally she had an idea. 

      "Can I give it all to you?", she looked
          into Bill's eyes and blinked. 

      "Well, of course you can. I am honoured
          to take your belongings and I will always cherish them. I will keep
          it to remind me of you and Susan. My wife and I are forever in your
          debt.", he told her. 

      "By the way, where is Susan?', Jennifer
          inquired while she signed the documents and handed them back to Bill. 

      "Well, we had to do her already. We've
          hung her up in the kitchen for draining.", Bill told her. 

      "That's too bad. I had wished I could
          watch her butchering.", Jennifer said a little disappointed. 

      "I believe she would had wanted that
          as well, but we are short of time.", Bill told her. 

      "We should get started", Margaret interrupted
          them. "There's still a lot to be done and it will take time to roast
          you.", she told Jennifer while signalling her to follow her. Jennifer
          followed and was let into the bathroom. 

      "I'm going to shave you and then give
          you an enema before Bill will spit you. Don't worry, he will kill you
          quickly and painlessly. You won't feel any pain.", Margaret told Jennifer. 

      "Well", Jennifer stuttered, "I would
          really appreciate it if you would not kill me first. I want to experience
          being spit roasted. Please", Jennifer begged. 

      Surprised, but also very pleased Margaret
          told Jennifer that it would not be a problem. "I love to watch a woman
          being spitted alive. But are you sure you really want to be done this
          way? It will be very painful and I can't give you anaesthetics since
          that would ruin the flavour of your meat. We will also need to gut
          you. Are you absolutely certain that you want all that done to you
          while you are still alive? Being spitted that way involves quite a
          lot of pain." 

      "I am absolutely certain. That's what
          I want.", Jennifer replied determined. 

      "Ok, if that's what you want, then that's
          what you get. That's not a problem at all, but let's get you shaven
          first.", Margaret told her and applied some shaving cream onto the
          little bush on Jennifer's pussy. 

      Jennifer moaned a little while that was
          being done to her. She felt very excited and looking forward to being
          spitted, but was also enjoying the gentle rub Margaret was applying
          to her pussy. Next Margaret began to shave Jennifer's pussy. She carefully
          pressed the raiser sharp blade towards Jennifer's soft skin and carefully
          shaved off the pubes. Jennifer enjoyed this experience thoroughly. 

      When she was finished shaving, Margaret
          took out an enema bag and filled it up with warm soap water. Then she
          gently inserted a tube into Jennifer's ass and squeezed the content
          into her rectum. At first Jennifer felt it quite pleasant to have the
          warm liquid pumped into her ass, but once she was filled, the pressure
          inside started to hurt her and she whimpered silently. 

      Margaret continued to squeeze until the
          bag was completely emptied. Then she told Jennifer to expel everything
          into a tub she provided. With relieve Jennifer pushed hard to get it
          out of her and ease off the pressure inside her bowels. The procedure
          was repeated several times until her bowels where completely cleaned. 

      By the time Bill checked up on them,
          Margaret had already finished with the enema and was removing the body
          hair from Jennifer who was letting out little shrieks when Margaret
          pulled off bits of the wax coating she had applied. 

      Then finally she was ready. Margaret
          let Jennifer into the kitchen. Susan was still hanging there. She hung
          there upside down and blood was still dripping off her slit throat.
          Jennifer swallowed hard when she saw that. She had never seen a butchered
          woman before. The sight turned her on and knowing that it was her best
          friend made her even hornier. 

      "It's a nice sight, isn't it? I love
          preparing the food for a party. It's so exciting.", Margaret said and
          told her to lay down on her back on the kitchen table. Her husband
          then retrieved a big gutting knife, which he raised above Jennifer's
          abdomen. He grinned happily at Jennifer who was trembling terribly
          while Margaret tied Jennifer's wrists and ankles to the legs of the
          table. 

      When she finished she signalled her husband
          who placed the knife onto Jennifer's belly so that it punctured her
          skin at first. Then he pushed it in a little further and started to
          cut her open. Soon he had her sliced open from the breastbone to the
          sternum. Jennifer felt hot and sweaty. There was an icy cold pain in
          her guts and she was shaking visibly. 

      Then Bill inserted his hands into her
          open belly and started to pull out bits and pieces, which she could
          identify to be her intestines and liver. She somehow felt very aroused
          in spite of her pain. This arousement even seemed stronger than her
          pain and she moaned softly, and even encouraged Bill to start stuffing
          her. 

      Bill was amazed on how strong Jennifer
          was. In his previous experience, most women had gone into shock at
          this stage or had passed out. He admired her strength and willingness
          to become his meat. Margaret went to the head of the table and bend
          over Jennifer, giving her a passionate and loving kiss while Bill was
          busy stuffing her. Bill was getting incredibly horny from stuffing
          Jennifer. He had never had such a brave and cooperative piece of meat
          before and asked his wife to continue stuffing her. 

      Bill climbed onto the table and pulled
          out his stiff member, which he placed into Jennifer's mouth who willingly
          accepted him. She gave him the best blowjob he had ever had. She sucked
          him diligently and hungrily as if her butchering was dependant on satisfying
          him. She was very eager and determined to give him as much pleasure
          as she could give him. 

      By the time Bill exploded his seeds into
          Jennifer's hot mouth, his wife had already finished stuffing Jennifer
          and had already sewn her back up. The result was a bloated and stitched
          up belly filled with delicious breadcrumbs and vegetables. 

      "I'll get the butter", Margaret said
          and fetched a few cubes of soft butter, which she placed onto the butchering
          table next to Jennifer. Bill stepped off the table and started massaging
          her pussy. Margaret applied some melted butter onto her pussy lips
          and also rubbed some onto her husband's hands. Then Bill pushed two
          fingers into Jennifer's cunt. She moaned with pleasure. So far everything
          had felt better than she had imagined possible. Then she felt Bill
          inserting two more fingers. Soon it would be his entire fist. Jennifer
          looked forward to it but still enjoyed the four fingers she currently
          had inside. 

      Margaret resumed her previous position
          and was wildly kissing Jennifer again. She had also grabbed Jennifer's
          pair of tits in her hands and was squeezing them as if she was milking
          her. This drove Jennifer wild. At that some moment, Bill pushed his
          entire fist into her cunt and started to fist fuck her. Jennifer's
          mild moaning became louder and turned into screams of pleasure. 

      Bill pulled his fist out several times
          to push in cubes of butter. He pushed his fist back in with one single
          movement each time and fucked her hard with it to spread the butter
          deep inside her pussy. Once she was sufficiently lubricated for the
          spit, and had experienced several orgasms, Bill pulled out his fist
          for the final time. He grabbed the spit waiting behind him and positioned
          it at the entrance of her cunt, ready for her impalement. Jennifer
          shuddered when the tip of the spit touched her pussy lips. A tinkling
          went through her body and her vagina started to produce more juices,
          which mixed with the molten butter inside her. 

      Jennifer was ready and so was Bill. He
          shoved the spit in with one massive push and it slid deeply into her
          with ease. The first resistance was encountered when it was at the
          entrance to her uterus. With expert hands, Bill navigated the spit
          around inside and found the entrance very quickly. He resumed to push
          the spit in further and rammed it through the upper walls of her womb.
          The spit slit past her lungs without puncturing them and made its way
          towards her throat. When it passed her esophageus, Jennifer started
          to gasp and couch, but Bill continued to push the spit forward, expertly
          guiding it through her throat. 

      Then Bill signalled Margaret who came
          to his aid. She held Jennifer's head with her strong hands and tilted
          it back slightly. Jennifer could feel the spit inside her throat and
          started to gurgle. Bill continued to push the spit and it slowly emerged
          from Jennifer's open mouth. The tip of the spit was mixed with little
          blood and butter making it slightly orange in colour. 

      It had been a perfect impalement. Jennifer
          had survived the whole thing and was squirming around the spit. She
          had believed that her final orgasms would be reached when she was spitted.
          It was the final act in her fantasy. She had never imagined that it
          was possible for her to survive her impalement and that she would be
          able to experience her roasting as well. 

      Jennifer had mixed feelings about being
          roasted alive. She had never thought about it as a possibility. The
          impalement in her eyes was the ultimate fuck with an incredible huge
          cock completely filling her up. Live roasting on the other hand was
          not part of her fantasies. She had never spend much thoughts on how
          it would feel if she was being roasted and she wasn't sure whether
          she would enjoy it. In fact, the possibility actually scared her and
          the more she thought about it, the less she wanted it. 

      In her opinion, being slowly roasted
          over a fire would be very painful, having the searing heat vaporize
          her body fluids. It seemed incredibly cruel to her. She was filled
          with absolute terror. She did not want to die such an agonizing death
          and wanted to ask them to kill her before roasting. But she had no
          way of telling them. She was unable to speak with the spit coming out
          of her mouth. 

      She tried to squirm and wiggled around
          the spit. Unfortunately for her, Margaret took her wiggling for anticipation
          and believed that she was impatient about her impending roasting. Margaret
          hurried up with basting Jennifer with her special home made marinade,
          a formula handed down to her by her mother. 

      The basting process was quite enjoyable,
          especially the private areas. Jennifer enjoyed the feeling of the brush
          rubbing over her cunt lips. It was like being licked by a huge tongue.
          Margaret worked diligently to baste the whole body and not leave any
          spots uncovered. But she took special care when she basted Jennifer's
          rump and tits. She knew that these would be the most sought after parts.
          Jennifer enjoyed being basted. It was very satisfying to her. 

      Once Jennifer was completely soaked in
          the special marinate, Margaret bound her securely. Her wrists were
          tied behind her back and her ankles were tied around the spit. Then
          Bill inserted the anal bayonet for more stability. Jennifer squirmed
          at this unexpected penetration. It was quite painful because her asshole
          was unlubricated. Bill just shoved it in without relaxing her muscles
          first. 

      Then Bill and Margaret picked up the
          ends of the spit and carried her over to the rotisserie and locked
          her spit into it. Once it was secured, Bill activated the rotisserie
          and it started to rotate the spit around its axis. Bill blew in a bit
          more air to raise the flames and then also added some more coals. He
          had prepared and warmed it up while Margaret was basting Jennifer.
          Margaret applied more baste to Jennifer's roasting body while she slowly
          rotated inside the rotisserie. 

      Meanwhile Bill went back to the butchering
          block in the kitchen. He lowered Susan's carcass onto it and fetched
          his meat cleaver. He first hacked off her arms, separating them from
          her shoulders and then halved them at the elbows. Next he chopped off
          the hands and clipped off each finger with a clipper. Then he chopped
          off the legs with the same routine expert precision as with the arms.
          He separated the legs at the hip joint and halved the legs at the knee.
          Then she chopped off the feet and clipped off the toes. 

      Next Bill grabbed the head by its hair
          and chopped it off cleanly at the neck. He then carefully placed the
          head onto a silver platter that his wife had prepared previously. It
          looked quite neat. A head of a woman on a silver platter surrounded
          by fruits. It was very appetizing. 

      Bill stopped to admire his work for a
          moment and then continued to work on the remaining torso. He quartered
          the torso and cleaned up the mess. The heart and liver was kept, and
          he also put aside the ovaries and womb, but the rest of the internals
          was disposed off into a bin. He carefully trimmed the rib bones from
          the ribcage and also trimmed off the fat tissues from the belly meat.
          And last but not least, he carved out the cunt steak and carefully
          placed it onto a small plate. 

      Satisfied with his work, he left the
          kitchen to check up on the roast. Margaret was still basting Jennifer
          who had turned golden brown in the meantime. It also smelled deliciously
          and Bill's mouth started to water the second he smelled the soft aroma
          of the roasting girl. 

      Margaret gave him the brush to continue
          the basting when he arrived. She then went into the kitchen to work
          her wonders in the kitchen with the freshly butchered meat. Margaret
          was an excellent chef who had studied the fine art of cannibal cooking
          for several years when it first became popular. She had attended the
          first cannibal school founded by a master chef called Dolcett and had
          graduated top of the class. 

      Margaret entered the kitchen and shook
          her head seeing the mess her husband had left behind. He had never
          been good at cleaning up after himself. She always had to clean up
          his mess. Margaret smiled inwardly. She imagined how helpless Bill
          would be if she had actually had to be butchered for the party. He
          wouldn't have been able to pull it off. Bill was a good cook as well,
          but he would have had trouble cleaning up afterwards. He was a man
          who needed to have a woman in his life. Without her, he would have
          been lost and unable to cope. Margaret was proud to be that woman in
          his life. She loved him very much. 

      Margaret started to clean up the mess.
          She could not work if it was so messy. It just didn't feel right and
          she wouldn't be able to do her best in cooking the gourmet dishes she
          had promised her husband. 

      The first dish she cooked was cunt in
          mint sauce. The whole cunt is served together with clit and labia soaked
          in a delicate mint sauce. It was put on a bed of kale, some kind of
          large leafed lettuce. This small dish was of the highest quality. 

      The thigh hams were served with a delicate
          honey glaze, where the delicious honey was mixed with brown sugar and
          a hint of rosemary. The breasts were cut off and put on a platter.
          Margaret took care to ensure that the nipple was up to preventing it
          from flattening. This looked great and would also taste deliciously.
          A pineapple ring was placed around the nipple and it was served in
          a raspberry liqueur sauce. 

      Margaret's expert hands created these
          and many more dishes. Her cooking skills were exceptional and her presentation
          skills unrivalled. Every dish looked mouth watering. When she was finished
          she checked back with her husband who was still basting Susan on a
          low fire. Her body had already turned golden brown and smelled heavenly.
          She stood there for a moment to breath in the wonderful aroma, and
          enjoyed every bit of it. Then she turned to her husband and told him
          to set up the tables and chairs. The party guests were due any second
          and Margaret quickly checked that they had enough beverages in the
          storeroom. 

      Then the guests arrived. One by one they
          turned up. Soon everyone was present. The party was a total success
          with everyone having great fun with the many sex orgies and enjoying
          the great feast prepared by their great hosts, but that is another
          story. 

      The End 
   


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Honda Kushimoto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





