BDSM Library - A Roman Entertainment in the Colosseum




A Roman Entertainment in the Colosseum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story is about one of the most popular and exotic spectacles  ever seen in ancient Roman colosseum. It's fiction, but carefully based on the facts of what went on in the decadent Roman arena.A Roman Entertainment in the Colosseum   
It's a warm mid day in the Colosseum, and a breeze is wafting
  along. The audience are a bit restless because they've been promised a great
  spectacle but nothing seems to be happening yet.  
But in the big vaulted room just inside the entrance some
  preparations are underway. A pretty young woman is sitting partially undressed,
  while servant girls rush around her, some fixing her hair, another putting
  oil and gold dust on her bared nipples. A tall man in a toga stands a few feet
  away, and there are a few Colosseum stagehands standing by the door. But how
  can one women entertain a crowd of 50,000 better than opposing armies of tough
  gladiators?  
 The girl is Aemillia, a slave who'd murdered her master,
  a Senator. Instead of being killed almost immediately, the attractive slave
  girl was spared. She's been kept in considerable comfort until today when she's
  playing a dramatic role in a 'special feature' at the games.  
She's will soon 'star' of one of the most exotic and unusual
  forms of dramatic punishment ever devised. A re-enactment of the old myth of
  Pasiphae and the Bull, which will have the dramatic finish of her execution
  by the three foot long erection of a massive bull, which had been trained to
  ravish women.  
The man in the toga is the presenter of the show. After
  the woman have finished dressing Aemillia and putting the crown on her head,
  he fills her in at last on what her part as Pasiphae demands.  
&quot;As you know in the myth Queen Pasiphae fell in love
  with a white bull and mated with it by concealing herself in a wooden cow.
  With your help, we'll make that myth reality in the Colosseum today. Of course,
  in your arena appearance today, you'll be completely naked when you're being
  fucked by their bull. The main reason for this that the modern audience want
  to see and savour every detail of your pornographic execution. You can keep
  your modesty in the arena for a short while in your majestic costume, though.  
The bull we'll use with you today is a very well trained
  specimen. He'll first penetrate you to about seven or eight inches depth. I'm
  sure you'll appreciate that this will be an incredible experience. The sticky
  juices will pour down your legs and your body will sweat and shake with multiple
  orgasms.  
If you want to try to make the bull cum, give him two deep
  squeezes just as his dick is nearly out, on the more sensitive tip. He may
  investigate your anus with a couple of nudges but will always fuck your cunt.  
If the bull doesn't cum, then the 'full penetration' dissillio  or
  split will take place. This is done only rarely - I've only seen it once -
  but 'the split' is the super-spectacle that drives the audience wild. For instance,
  during the ordinary show it's common to see Roman women discreetly masturbating,
  but during a dissilio  crowds of them strip naked and
  writhe together.  
For some reason it seems to appeal particularly to upper-class
  women - men like the initial sexual spectacle, happy to see a bull's cock slide
  into a woman's tight wet cunt, but noble women are fascinated by the notion
  of a woman being split in two by a bull.  
After watching a woman take the full length, I have to say
  that it is very spectacular and doesn't seem too cruel with a skilful bull.
  When the bull that you're paired did the dissilio, the woman sighed with passion
  most of the time and only cried out a couple of times. The bull must have a
  better instinctive knowledge of anatomy than most of our doctors to complete
  a split without doing much damage. His victory over the woman took about two
  minutes.  
When his victory was nearly complete, I signalled to the
  honoured guest that bull's dick was about to emerge from the girl's mouth.
  She disrobed, then took the tip bending over, before sucking it - and so kissing
  the girl - then pulled away to allow a fountain spray of bull semen to cascade
  in jets over the arena.&quot;  
Aemillia found the notion of a bull's dick emerging from
  a condemned girl's mouth hard to believe - it was funny but also scary. Still,
  the notion of full, complete penetration was arousing. The ultimate fuck, even
  if it was the last one. The Roman audience most enjoyed watching condemned
  girls like Aemillia who gave a sort of semi-consent to their erotic execution.
  To Roman eyes nothing was more beautiful or entrancing than when the condemned
  girl accepted her bull-impalement. They loved to watch the magic moment when
  a girl actually returned the bull's thrusts, taking the hot cock deep into
  her cunt of her own free will.  
Now it was time for the appearance. Aemillia, walked in
  procession wearing a crown and long gold robe, was accompanied by five attendants
  in similar but simpler outfits.  
The show began a full theatre production of the myth of
  Pasiphae and the Bull. Aemillia, as Pasiphae, sat on a marble and gilded wood
  throne. Behind the throne was a real mosaic background stretching for forty
  feet. She wore a long flowing gown, crown and pearl necklace with her hair
  done in high curls, the contemporary Flavian style. The audience had a frisson
  of anticipation as they knew what a spectacular violent sexual contrast the
  next scenes would make.  
The men in the audience smacked their lips as the attendants
  gradually stripped naked.  
Aemillia gradually slipped down the top of her gown, playing
  with the stiff end of a nipple, as she spoke to her servants about how much
  she wanted the bull. Then the five nude female attendants pulled the bull in
  across the arena.  
When they reached a little before the throne, all five -
  almost in a frenzy - began to handle, suck, lick the bull's enormous ...and
  growing ..dick. They took hold of the monster erection and held it ot for the
  condemned girl's inspection, sitting on ther throne four feet away. 'It's so
  big - I must have it inside me', Aemillia said as she slowly opened her gown
  more to reveal a neatly shaven pubic mound.  
Her servants led the bull away and knelt in front of the
  throne while they removed Aemillia's gold robe, then poured oil all over her
  body until it glistened in the midday sun that shone down in the Colosseum.
  The servants led her back to the throne but this time slide her legs in the
  gaps at the sides of the throne, so she sat backwards with her bare bottom
  fully displayed to the arena crowds. Aemillia then moved her legs a little
  further apart, meaning that the rosebud of her anus began to come into view.
  A servant girl bent forward, slipping her long tongue round to lick Aemillia's
  hairless mound, then her cunt hole - already beginning to drip clear pre-cum
  fluid - and finally probing the anus.  
After these preliminaries, it was time for the execution
  to begin. Aemellia - naked and oiled - confidently walked the few yards to
  the marble plinth that had been set up in the middle of the arena. It looked
  like it was built for a special purpose - it was low and shaped like a large
  Y when seen from above. The plinth was special - the craftsmen building it
  had carefully measured its height to match the level of the bull's dick. It
  was simple but effective solution - the bull could penetrate the girl offered
  to him easily just by moving forward.  
The crowd found the spectacle uniquely arousing. A few remembered
  a 'Pasiphae and the Bull' spectacle of about a year earlier. This staging was
  done as part of a series of myths. It had featured a bull being slowly lowered
  in a harness on to his human female partner, who knelt on all fours. The crowd
  found that spectacle very appealing because it emphasised the vulnerability
  of the condemned girl to the massive bull. But the mechanics of lowering the
  bull meant that the whole sex act and execution could become clumsy or ridiculous.  
Aemellia had reached the plinth. It was hard to realise
  what her feelings and thoughts were. She had been give wine before appearing,
  and had literally been treated and - just a few minutes before - acted like
  a Queen. She was also overwhelmingly grateful not have suffered the dreadful
  fate of crucifixion, and intrigued by the progress of this execution that was
  nothing like any execution she was familiar with.  
She noticed a chair and ewer of water at the top end of
  the plinth where her head would go. She climbed up on the plinth, spread her
  legs to match the arms of the 'Y' and was then tied in with leather bands attached
  to golden chains.  
The white bull first circled the plinth, lightly brushing
  against her body before halting a few feet behind Aemillia's spread legs. When
  bulls were used for this special exotic spectacle, their horns were always
  neatly removed beforehand to avoid damage to the girl. To the open-eyed Aemilia,
  the bull's dick seemed unusually long but at the same time thin, with a fairly
  hard and horny tip.  
Now the bull was in position for the act that was the greatest
  spectacle offered by the Colosseum, whose different stages were sometimes described
  by the words Dilato  , Deturbo  , Dirumo  ...
  in English spread, thrust and divide.  
 The crowd watched closely as he just penetrated a couple
  of inches, to giving a perfect living tableaux of Pasiphae and the Bull, allowing
  the audience to see her fuck flaps curl and flare around the tip of the enormous,
  over three foot long, shiny red and light black erection. Somehow, it was an
  almost dreamy sight.  
In the dark corridors of the Colosseum, quite a few men
  were excited enough to seek out prostitutes - easily recognised by their dyed
  blond hair - and got them to spread their legs, and bend over for sex while
  the men continued to eye the scene in the arena through gaps in the stone.
  Men and women, and woman and bull coupled together. But while the women and
  men did it in semi-privacy, the woman and bull fucked away in full public view.  
Aemillia thought, as the juices trickled down her legs,
  that this bull was like no lover she'd ever known, hard and filling with 6
  thick inches in her. But there was much more to come. The Roman were very clever
  in the way they made sure by thorough training of the bull that the initial
  experience wasn't too unpleasant. To the artistic theatre director, nothing
  would be worse than a girl who didn't at least partially consent.  
The crowd stirred again when the honoured guest, the princess
  Domitilla, niece of the Emperor, entered the arena, to sit by the plinth for
  a really up close and personal view of the sexual execution. The bull began
  to thrust away with more energy into Aemilia's wet and juicy cunt. With real
  tenderness, Domitilla gave a kiss to the mouth just after Aemilia caught her
  breath under the animal's rapid assault. Even more determined thrusts followed
  which started to 'split' the girl as the bull's cock began to enter her abdomen.
  Aemillia began to quiver and pant, but on the whole did not seem to suffer
  too much as the bull's organ was fleshy, thin and flexible, something very
  different - and much less painful than - being impaled by wood or metal.  
Domitilla smoothed water over Aemilia's face, then slid
  a couple of fingers into Aemilia's mouth. A few moments later and some smooth
  movements from the bull had brought the horny tip of the bull's dick into contact
  with Aemilia's stomach.  
She didn't scream out at all, but her body shook even more,
  quivering rapidly as though it was rotating on the invading bull dick.  
Hardly any time later the bull had twisted its cock so it
  was moving along her upper throat. Gasps of astonishment and ripples of loud
  applause could be heard as the tip of the bull's erection emerged from Aemilia's
  open mouth. The woman musician on the water-organ also played a few dramatic
  notes so everyone towards the back of the Colosseum could realise what had
  happened. Eventually nearly six inches were clear.  
Domitilla gave a few licks to the engorged organ, before
  lifting her tunic to bare her bottom. She then bent over and took just the
  tip inside her shaven hole. Aemillia, though dazed due to shock, revived a
  little to watch as a broad bottom descended onto the very same cock that still
  throbbed between her own now well-used (or abused) dangling fuck flaps. Domitilla's
  cunt opened wide, a pink fleshy oval against the shiny red-brown tip of bull
  cock.  
Domitilla slipped off the glans just before bull's orgasm
  exploded, making him spray a big spurt of cum over the arena. It was also the
  moment of Aemilia's execution. Because as the bull finally came, its long cock
  swelled to around double its normal girth, filling every part of Aemillia's
  gullet and throat so suffocating her.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dave johns


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





