BDSM Library - Alright So I Was Wrong




Alright So I Was Wrong
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sometimes sex games can go wrong.Copy-write,  Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk 

                                Another story by Pagan. 

                                                                                            
Alright so I was wrong. 

As she came down the lawn she was giggling like a schoolgirl, her husband heard her and turned his head to watch her. His lovely wife headed his way; in each hand she held a glass of orange. 

He looked at her as she skipped over the grass, she was really lovely, they had been married four years now but they had decided to wait until they were in their thirties before children, build a secure future and all that. 

He laughed as she skipped and span balancing the drinks, her little beach robe opened showing her skimpy bikini and her lovely nubile body, &ldquo;What&rsquo;s got in to you?&rdquo; he cried. 

She put the glasses on the garden table and straddled him, squashing him down in to the lounger, &ldquo;What&rsquo;s got in to me, you soon, I hope, god I&rsquo;m horny,&rdquo; she was panting. He couldn&rsquo;t help but notice the erect nipples pointing up under the bikini top.  

He struggled to say, &ldquo;What&rsquo;s brought this on?&rdquo; she continued to grind her hips in to his crutch. 

She smiled down at him then licked his face, &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve just given the delivery man a hard on he won&rsquo;t forget.&rdquo; 

He smiled up at her and shook his head, &ldquo;Naughty Tanya, what have you been up to?&rdquo; 

She carried on rubbing herself on him, &ldquo;Well you know Mr Russell?&rdquo; Rickie nodded, &ldquo;Well I was just getting the juice from the fridge when he called with the groceries, I could see him looking at my legs, so when I bent to get the money from my purse I pulled my robe up a bit giving him an eyeful of my ass, I&rsquo;d pulled the G-string up my bum crack, wasn&rsquo;t I wicked?&rdquo; 

Rickie cocked his head to one side, &ldquo;That&rsquo;s not all, is it?&rdquo;  

Tanya bit her lip, &ldquo;No, I let some of the money fall, as I bent he got a good view down my top, I felt so hot with this man staring at me&rdquo;. 

Rickie still looked at her, &ldquo;Alright I went one more. As I turned to pick up some change, that was behind me, I pulled my G-string front sideways and he got a little shot of my pussy lips, and you feel as hard as he looked, so fuck me.&rdquo; 

His face was a mixture of stern and horny, &ldquo;What on earth made you do that?&rdquo; she bent forward, opened his shirt and sucked his nipple.  

&ldquo;Because I wanted to, don&rsquo;t you think our sex life needs a jolt now and again, besides what&rsquo;s the harm? Now fuck me before I go and find old Mr Russell, I bet he&rsquo;s still got a hard cock.&rdquo; 

Rickie smiled at her, &ldquo;You want it, you go find it, and by the way, is that before or after we go in the house&rdquo;? She slid down and pulled at his shorts releasing his hard cock,  

With a wicked smile she said, &ldquo;The way I feel, both.&rdquo;   

Rickie lay back his hands behind his head as his beautiful wife bounced up and down on his hard rigid cock; she orgasmed twice before he shot her full; he didn&rsquo;t even have time to pull his shorts back up when she was dragging him back to the house. No sooner were they through the door then she was on her knees sucking at him. His cock was quickly getting hard again as she pulled it down her throat. 

They fucked in the lounge, her over the sofa Rickie banging her from behind, then she insisted they shower together. She worked his cock hard again, stroking it with her soapy hands then, as the water cascaded over them, he gave her one as she stood open legged in the cubical. 

As they dried off in the bedroom Rickie cuddled her, &ldquo;Can&rsquo;t wait for old man Russell to come here again, or maybe?&rdquo; 

She looked at him, &ldquo;Or maybe what?&rdquo;  

He smiled at her, &ldquo;Oh just a thought, what if I took you to the pub for lunch tomorrow and you wore something, shall we say a little revelling, do you think the old lechers there would turn you on?&rdquo; 

She bit her lip, &ldquo;Do you think that it would work, do you think it would be alright?&rdquo; Rickie moved up to her and kissed here, 

 &ldquo;Of course I do, I&rsquo;m I ever wrong?&rdquo; 

Sunday lunchtime was always busy in their local; Tanya wore I very low cut top and no bra, her little tartan skirt was way too short and she had on suspenders with her lace topped stocking. She knew the skirt didn&rsquo;t hide too much, that was obvious, because as soon as she walked through the door there was a slight hush. 

She deliberately sat on a high bar stool; almost before she sat two men that they both new came over. As they talked to Rickie they couldn&rsquo;t keep their eyes of the long expanse of leg and stocking top, she smiled to herself as drink after drink was bought for them and when it was time for them to eat, pushing through to the restaurant excited her as so many hands groped her. 

Sitting beside each other she made it difficult for Rickie to eat, she kept getting hold of his hand and pushing it up her skirt, she wanted him to feel her wet pussy. Then when she got up to go the ladies, she deliberately made it the long way round, going through the crowded bar so that more old hands could get themselves a sneaky handful of her near naked ass. 

Tanya took the same route back only this time they did get a handful of naked ass. Laughing she sat back down and immediately grabbed Rickie&rsquo;s hand, &ldquo;Feel this quick feel it&rdquo;, he slid his hand back up, moving over the stocking tops on to her naked pussy, she smiled at him as she showed him her pants clasped in her hand. 

They left half of the meal, paid and went to the car. They had already parked at the far corner and soon he was fucking her on the back seat. The drive home was fast and the rest of the afternoon was spent in bed, fucking each other&rsquo;s brains out. 

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday went on as normal, the only thing different was they had a lot of sex each night, Rickie was enjoying this new lease of sex life, it had been getting a little dull this last year, but it wasn&rsquo;t until Friday that he brought the subject up again, &ldquo;Do you know the Quintrix club?&rdquo; Tanya looked from behind the paper, &ldquo;No I don&rsquo;t think so, why?&rdquo; 

Rickie said, &ldquo;Oh it&rsquo;s got a advert here, fancy going? I hear its good, loud and not full of kids and you could buy yourself a little flirtatious outfit for a bit of fun, if you know what I mean&rdquo;. 

Tanya put the paper down, &ldquo;Are you sure about this? I mean its one thing down at the local bar but at a nightclub, with people we don&rsquo;t know, are you sure it will be alright? I don&rsquo;t want to be arrested&rdquo;. 

Rickie laughed, &ldquo;Of course it will be alright and I&rsquo;ll pay for the little number, we will go shopping for it in the morning&rdquo;, he grinned at her, &ldquo;That&rsquo;s if you&rsquo;re a good girl tonight&rdquo;. 

Tanya looked at the dress, well it was supposed to be a dress, the low neck had a small chain to keep the two halves decent and the short bottom had slits ether side with matching chains to hold them. Rickie looked at it, &ldquo;Imagine this with high heels and hold up dark stockings, oh and how about an old fashioned choker? God you&rsquo;ll look stunning&rdquo;. 

She looked at herself in the mirror, it was a little revealing but Rickie just smiled and gave her a wink, &ldquo;You look fabulous&rdquo;, she looked again in the mirror, &ldquo;Are you sure we will be alright? I mean you won&rsquo;t leave my side&rdquo;, he went to the side of her and pushed his hand under the little chain. 

Squeezing her naked breast he said, &ldquo;Of course it will be all right and I won&rsquo;t be able to leave your side, why should I?&rdquo; 

As they entered the club the noise was loud but not uncomfortable, they looked around the dimly light bar and found a table in the corner, people were dancing and the one thing that Tanya noticed was there was definitely more men than women because of lot of the men had noticed her. 

Nervously Tanya drank her first two drinks very quickly, Rickie told her to slow down a bit, as they were doubles. 

He went to the bar to get her another; as he stood waiting he saw a man go over and speak to her, she shook her head and he moved away, Rickie went back with the drinks, &ldquo;What did he want? As if I should have to guess&rdquo;. 

Tanya replied, &ldquo;He ask me to dance&rdquo;. 

Rickie put the drinks down, &ldquo;Why didn&rsquo;t you? Your supposed to be flirtations, you should have given the poor lonely sod a thrill&rdquo;. 

She looked at his eager face, &ldquo;Maybe after a couple more drinks&rdquo;. 

She drank that one then another by then she was getting a little more in to the music; Rickie waited for her to finish the fourth and he made his way to the bar, deliberately slowly, as he reached the bar a man headed for Tanya, this time she nodded and went to the dance floor with him. 

She gyrated to a Rod Stewart number, Rickie thought it strange to watch his beautiful wife dancing with this older bald headed man but as he watched, her thighs showed between the chains, her dark stockings looked so sexy, especial as he caught glimpses of the white skin above them; her tits bounced freely around under the thin material. His eyes scanned the room, he saw several other men watching her and when she came back she was actually glowing.  

Rickie wanted to know if the man had said anything, made a pass or worse. She told him he&rsquo;d only asked if I was with some-one and could he take me home, Rickie asked about her replay, she giggled, &ldquo;I told him I was with my brother as my husband was away&rdquo;, they both laughed. 

Rickie waited for a slow dance then he told her he needed the loo. As he expected when he came back she was dancing but with a different man from the first. He left their table and got a better position, he watched as the mans hand slide up and down Tanya&rsquo;s back, getting lower until he held her ass. 

He made sure Tanya could see he was watching over her, so she intern didn&rsquo;t stop the groping; when the music stopped she went back to the table, Rickie was there, &ldquo;See I told you it would be alright, what happened?&rdquo; 

Tanya was giggling by now, &ldquo;He really had a big one, kept pressing it in my crutch, his hand squeezed my ass, then he asked if I wanted to go outside with him, I could see him looking down my dress, he promised me a good time&rdquo;. 

 Rickie asked, &ldquo;And you said?&rdquo; she giggled some more, &ldquo;Maybe later&rdquo;. 

She finished another drink; Rickie didn&rsquo;t know if she was flushed with excitement more then drink. Most of the music was now slow stuff so Rickie went to the bar again, sure enough another came over to Tanya and she walked a little unsteadily to the floor, Rickie put the drinks down and went to a discreet corner to watch, he was out of sight of the table and the bald man standing by their drinks.  Rickie eyes were fixed on the dancing couple, this man was more persistent or was it the drink in her; straight away he was groping her ass, then his hand travelled up her body and in between fastening on to her breast, she made moves to try and stop him, Rickie thought she was trying to stop him but not to make a scene. 

The man grabbed her hand and dragged it down, his knuckles rubbing on her crutch as he forced her hand on to the bulge in his trousers; as she protested he bent forward and covered her mouth with his. Thankfully the music stopped and she moved back towards the table, he followed, she had difficulty getting through, she got trapped, that gave him time to put his hand round her and give her tits another squeeze, he rubbed up behind her and whispered something to her, she broke free and quickly sat at the table. Rickie came over and the man moved away. 

He looked at Tanya, he could see she was shaking, &ldquo;Well what did he say?&rdquo; 

 Tanya took a sip of the drink, &ldquo;Can we go? I&rsquo;m so wet and I want you&rdquo;.  

Rickie said, &ldquo;Ya, ya in a bit, but what did he say?&rdquo; 

Tanya took another sip, &ldquo;Oooohh this drink tastes funny&rdquo;. 

Rickie laughed, &ldquo;You&rsquo;ve still got the taste of his tongue in your mouth, anyway, what did he say?&rdquo; 

&ldquo;He wanted to fuck me, he said he&rsquo;d take me home and fuck me all night and I&rsquo;d enjoy it, he&rsquo;d make sure I did&rdquo;. 

Rickie said, &ldquo;Ya and what else, and how did you feel?&rdquo;  

Tanya tried to remember, &ldquo;He said he could smell my wet cunt and he knew I was gagging for it and he would love to lick me dry, now come on, it made me wet and I want you to take me home, please&rdquo;. 

Just then another slow record came on, another man moved to the table and asked Tanya to dance, she looked at Rickie, he said, &ldquo;Ya go on, I&rsquo;ll finish both drinks and get our coats&rdquo;, reluctantly Tanya got up. 

Rickie finished his drink and Tanya&rsquo;s before he went to the desk via the dance floor, Rickie saw her with the man his hands were every where, he couldn&rsquo;t see too much due to the amount of people on the floor but he was sure there was a man behind her holding her arms down while the man in front must have had a hand up under her dress. 

Rickie suddenly felt sick and dizzy, he had all on to get to the door as he looked back he couldn&rsquo;t see Tanya. He stumbled backwards. 

He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up at the door man, &ldquo;Come on sir, I think you have had enough&rdquo;, Rickie took exception to his heavy handed attitude and swung at him, next thing he knew he was in a police van heading for the cells, the policeman saying to sober up he could spend Sunday with them. 

Tanya was struggling to free her arms; she kept pleading with the man, begging him to stop, to take his hand away from under her skirt but he just smiled at her helplessness as he pushed his fingers under her pants and into her wet sopping hole. 

He grinned at her and she wiggled her legs trying to dislodge him, she to was beginning to feel dizzy and was trying to focus. She was aware of another man standing beside them; he held her up and nodded to the man behind her. 

 She had no time to react, in her weakened state Tanya was propelled out of a side door along a corridor and through in to an alley.  

There a big S U V was parked, a door flew open and she was pushed and dragged inside. Tanya was pinned between two men as the vehicle screeched away. 

She tried to focus, her hands were held ether side and as she tried to scream, a pair of hands appeared from the rear and held her head while another pair fastened tape across her mouth; unable to scream or cry out she looked round.  

A blind panic seized her as she counted seven men.  

Still dizzy she tried to concentrate on where she was going but hands kept touching her, only through her clothes but that and being unable to focus made it imposable for her to know where they were taking her, she did know she had left the town. 

The vehicle pulled in to a large drive way and then behind an old stone house, as soon as it stopped she was dragged gently from the seat and pushed in and through two big door to a large ornate lounge, a voice boomed, &ldquo;Stand in the middle, lets have a proper look at you&rdquo;.  

Tanya stood there, to frightened to remove the tape on her mouth as the seven men poured drinks or found cans then sat around the room, the bald headed man walked up to her and ripped the gag from her mouth, &ldquo;So what&rsquo;s your name?&rdquo; 

&ldquo;T, Tanya&rdquo;, he sat back down, &ldquo;Well Tanya, my associates and me seemed to be under the impression that you need a dam good fucking, is that right?&rdquo; 

Tanya looked round the room, &ldquo;No, no this has all be a mistake, I want to go home, my husband will be worried&rdquo;. 

He smile, &ldquo;But your husbands away and with what we have felt between your legs, you need some hard thick cock&rdquo;. 

She started to panic, &ldquo;No, no that was my husband, he was with me we, errr, we&rdquo;. 

Another man spoke, &ldquo;If he was your husband, how come he sat there while you had your tits and cunt played with on the dance floor?&rdquo; 

She stood there ringing her hands, &ldquo;Its a little game we play, you know&rdquo;. 

The bald man carried on, &ldquo;No we don&rsquo;t know, elaborate for us&rdquo;. 

Tanya looked down, &ldquo;It, eerrr it gets us excited when I dance with strangers&rdquo;. 

There was a little snigger from most of the men, &ldquo;Oh he likes to watch you, he likes the idea of other men fondling you&rdquo;. 

She whispered, &ldquo;Yes&rdquo;. 

His voice got louder, &ldquo;So you lead other men on, get your cunt all wet so he can fuck you, is that it?&rdquo; 

Another whimpered, &ldquo;Yes&rdquo;. 

He still kept at her, &ldquo;And as for the poor sod that got a hard cock from feeling you up, that poor bastard has to go home and have a wank at what might have been, am I right?&rdquo; 

She tried not to cry, &ldquo;Its not my fault&rdquo;. 

He carried on, &ldquo;Ya I see, you and hubby go home and he fucks you while you both take the piss out of us. 

&ldquo;Please no, I said it&rsquo;s not my fault&rdquo;. 

He laughed through his next remark, &ldquo;Good because it&rsquo;s not our fault that we don&rsquo;t want a wank and as you&rsquo;re here we might as well have the real thing&rdquo;. 

The dizziness and the drink finally caught up with her and she sank to her knees, the bald headed man stood, &ldquo;Oh for fuck sake, you will be on your knees a lot more tonight so just get up and take that half dress off, just show us what your going to give us&rdquo;. 

She struggled back up, &ldquo;Please, no don&rsquo;t do this to me&rdquo;. 

He took his jacket off, &ldquo;To late you should have thought about this earlier, now strip or we will take it off for you&rdquo;. 

He walked up to her and slipped the thin strap down off her shoulder, &ldquo;If you need something to wear when we finally let you go, I suggest you do it, just leave the stockings, shoes and choker on, we only want what you have between them&rdquo;. 

She looked round at the men now taking their jackets off and realized she no choice. Tanya undid the tiny chain and lets the dress drop off her shoulders; the men stopped and looked at the magnificent sight, this stunning 27 year old beauty in black ankle strap shoes, dark hold up lace topped stockings and tiny pants, her dark wavy hair cascaded round her neck accentuating the red choker, her amble sized breasts raising and shaking as she took deep breaths to stop herself from crying, she truly was a beauty.  

The bald headed man sat, a drink in one hand. His other hand cocked as he beckoned her to him; she slowly walked towards him. 

His hand wrapped around her thin waist band and with one jerk he held her tiny pants in his hand, he threw them to some-one, &ldquo;Spread your legs&rdquo;, trembling she slowly parted her thighs, he ran his finger in between the folds of her cunt, then pushed deep in to her; she gave a audible gasp as he slowly drew his finger out, lifting it he showed Tanya and every body else in the room how wet it was, smiling at her he said, &ldquo;What can&rsquo;t speak can&rsquo;t lie, get down on all fours, you know and we know your gagging for a good fucking&rdquo;. 

Tanya turned and walked back to the middle of the room, she turned and looked back at him but instead of help she saw him taking off his clothes, she looked at the others who had taken that as the signal for all of them to get naked. 

She closed her eyes and knelt, the others had been quite but now there were voices. Men were deciding who would fuck her and when, she heard them talking about her mouth, her ass, how big and firm her tits were and what they were going to do to her. 

She was jolted back to reality as she felt some-one kneel down behind her, as she turned to look her hair was pulled, her head jerked up, her eyes opened and she stared at an enormous thick hard cock that was aiming at her mouth, &ldquo;Come on Tanya suck the meat&rdquo;. 

Her eyes closed again, the jerk on her hair was enough for her to give up any resistance, she opened her mouth and accepted the thick meat that shoved its way over her tongue. 

Fingers probed her cunt, first one then another, sawing in to her already wet aroused hole; she squealed as they drove hard up her, screwing round touching her, forcing her cunt to make more juice. They left her only to be replaced by a long thick cock, now both ends were filled and as she felt the first tingle of an impending climax, some-one slid under her and started sucking at her swinging nipples. 

 Now a second man was in front of her, she had to move her mouth from one cock to the other; both men were vying to brush their cocks on her tonsils. Still the cock banged her from behind, unable to stop herself as the mouth under her sucked her hard nipple in to his mouth she climaxed. As she tried to squeal around the cock in her mouth she coated the cock up her cunt.  

She had climaxed before, but usually after Rickie had finished, this time there was no rest. As the first cock filled her juice filled cunt so a second ploughed in and started at her again, she tried to protest but all she got was a mouth full of gushing cum as the cock in her mouth exploded down her throat. 

She felt fingers playing around her ass-hole, she put her hand back to stop him only to have her head shook by the single thrusting cock in her mouth and a voice saying, &ldquo;Just suck, they will see to your back end&rdquo;.  The two cocks filled her at the same time, her cunt twitched as it filled while she chocked on the amount of cum being pumped down her throat. As she spat it out her ass cheeks were being pulled apart, she felt the head of a long cock being forced in to the entrance, she tried to turn but another cock was slapping at her face, strong hands were clamped ether side of her head as another cock pushed at her lips. 

The pain of the cock pushing open her rectum made her squeal but that was just enough time for the cock to fill her mouth, she wiggled her ass trying to dislodge this monster, she feared it would rip her in two but it still drove in, slowly at first then hard, she felt it as though it was filling her entire being, then it began to slide in, fucking her slowly, never had she felt that experience before. 

Her second climax was unavoidable as she sucked on the cock in her mouth the monster in her ass drove her on, then who ever was licking her nipples slid his hand down and finger fucked her cunt, his reward was a hand full of hot juice as her climax spurted from her abused cunt.  

The men in her filled her and pulled out, no sooner had they left than she was grabbed and pushed on to her back her legs pulled up and shoved back. Hands held the back of her knees to her chest, both her holes open to anybody who wanted to use them, and they did. 

First a man fucked her the way she was, pushing her back on her shoulders fucking her cunt then slipping his cock out and ramming it up her ass. He continued to change holes until he filled her, after he finished another climbed on to her straddled her tits, forced her to hold them together while he fucked off between them. 

Then another wanted a tit fuck holding her head forward so she could lick his cock as he pushed up, he splattered her face as he came. Tanya was now their play thing, bouncing on a cock while sucking two at a time, while her tits were sucked and bitten, each man using her until they had spent there juice. 

The bald headed man looked down at her, she looked back through her cum stuck eyes, &ldquo;You seem to be enjoying yourself Tanya?&rdquo; 

Tanya spat out some cum, &ldquo;Can I go home now?&rdquo; 

 He looked at her a shook his head, &ldquo;Lets get you cleaned up, pity to have such a pretty lady all cum covered&rdquo;. 

Two men dragged her up to the bathroom and had fun playing with her while cleaning her up, when she came down she saw they had brought in a big heavy oak coffee table, the bald headed man stood by it, he had some rope in his hand. 

Tanya tried to pull away but she was held firm, &ldquo;Now we are just going to tie you to this while we drink and have some refreshment, then we will get back to you or should I say in you&rdquo;. 

She lay helplessly bound to the four corners of the table as the men went in to the kitchen, it could only have been a few minutes when one man came back to her, he smiled down at the captive beauty, &ldquo;You like garlic and herbs?&rdquo; Tanya just nodded, he said, &ldquo;Good&rdquo; with that he took a pot of dip, stuck his cock in it and shoved it in her mouth leaving it in until she had licked it all off, he continued shoving it in her mouth until the pot was empty, he laughed at her and went back in the kitchen. 

She could hear laughter and the bald headed man came back in, he looked at her, &ldquo;There is another reason why your tied tight and open legged&rdquo;, he bent between her legs and smeared something wet and cold on her cunt making sure to push a lot up her. All the men filed back in and sat. 

He left her only to return with his dog; Tanya struggled against the tight knots but to no avail. She squealed as the dog made straight for the tasty covering on her exposed cunt, the sensation was overpowering, her hips bucked to the rough tongue as it pushed deeply in to her hot cunt. 

She tried not to respond but it was useless, the dog&rsquo;s active tongue drove her to another orgasm, her cunt flooded again; the dog loved the sweet tangy taste of Tanya&rsquo;s juices and he just kept licking. 

As Tanya&rsquo;s head rolled from side to side she could see the men, their cocks now thick and hard in their hands, and she knew it wouldn&rsquo;t be long before they would be inside her again. 

As she groaned though another climax, the man pulled the dog away, he came back and started to untie her, as he got beside her face he looked at her, &ldquo;Well lovely Tanya, its Sunday morning, we&rsquo;ve all had breakfast and so has my dog, now its time for more pleasures from you, I&rsquo;m sure you won&rsquo;t mind spending the rest of the day with us, as I always say, I love fucking Sundays&rdquo;. 

Then it started, Tanya crawling around the lounge as the men called her to satisfy them. 

Rickie had sobered up and demanded to be released but the police were having nothing to do with him, when he told them his wife was at home and would be worried they told him they would inform a local police car and it would call and tell her where he was, his release was 6 pm. 

The men spent the day betting on Tanya&rsquo;s different performances, threatening her with spankings if she didn&rsquo;t do everything they demanded. She got the spanking anyway; knelt on the settee her arms held tightly over it, they all took turns in warming her ass with various implements ranging from table tennis bats to garden canes. 

The more they spanked her ass the more it turned them on, as three men used her four men rested, the only one who didn&rsquo;t rest was Tanya. For hours she scrambled round the room on her hands and knees servicing the men with their every perversion; they ate off her drank from her, let the dog bring her to more orgasms then forced her to pleasure herself while they used a spoon to scoop their cum out of her only to make her put it back via her mouth. As soon as she did they refilled her cunt again. 

No matter what else, bowl-jobs were the men&rsquo;s favourite, it didn&rsquo;t matter if she was bent over with a cock up her ass, on her back being fucked in the cunt or holding her tits together for a tit wank she always had a cock in her mouth. One man said to her while he drove his cock head down her throat, &ldquo;It doesn&rsquo;t matter if it&rsquo;s hard or soft your mouth will take care of it&rdquo;.    

Take care of the men she did, much as she was a prisoner they still forced orgasm after orgasm on her. Tanya took them in ones, two&rsquo;s or three&rsquo;s or she may be kneeling on the settee sucking some mans cock but there would always be some-one behind her tickling or finger fucking her, they never let her arousal subside, she came more times in that day then she had in a year with Rickie. 

As for Rickie he was released and found his car, quickly he raced home only to find it empty, he panicked not knowing were Tanya was, suddenly a taxi pulled up outside, he saw Tanya get out and watched as she slowly, gently walked up the path.  

Rickie got to the door as she came through it, &ldquo;Oh god, I&rsquo;ve been so worried, were the hell have you been?&rdquo; 

Tanya stopped and stared at him, &ldquo;Where have I been, you bastard, I&rsquo;ve been trapped in a house with seven men since last night and yes before you ask they all fucked me more time&rsquo;s than I can remember and not just my pus, oh fuck it, and not just my cunt they had fun using my tits, ass and mouth and a fucking dog had me as well&rdquo;, she stormed past him and made for the stairs. 

 She suddenly stopped and looked at him, &ldquo;Oh yes my darling husband, my savour, my knight in shining armour, this has improved our sex life. They made sure of that. I can now deep throat any length of cock, short, fat, long or thin and swallow without loosing so much as a drop. 

I can take a cock up the ass for as long as you like, it may get tight again but that could take a while, and boy do I know how to tit fuck while I lick my own nipples.  

I&rsquo;ll tell you this, I hope non of your horny mates come round when I&rsquo;m home alone, I can take two&rsquo;s, three&rsquo;s and even four&rsquo;s at a push and I do mean a push. 

She took a deep breath, &ldquo;And if you don&rsquo;t look after me I may consider buying a dog, I never knew what dogs saw in licking themselves but now I do, god do they have great rough tongues and can they use them&rdquo;. 

She moved to the first step, turned and threw the tape at him, &ldquo;There, there my beloved, don&rsquo;t you worry, you haven&rsquo;t missed anything, they taped everything they did to me, I was stupid enough to tell them you liked to watch, just remember when your watching it, it was your idea, you were the one who said it would be alright&rdquo;. 

Rickie caught the tape and watched her go upstairs, as she reached the top stair he shouted up, &ldquo;Alright so I was wrong&rdquo;. 

                                                                                                    Pagan.  
Copyright, kayce69@fsworld.co.uk  
 Another story by Pagan.  
 This time you were right  .  
 (Sequel to Alright so I was wrong)  
Well hello reader, its obvious that you read about my little encounter and
  how my husband let me down.  
Its funny, your married to a man, he's your life for a while then things
  change, so what's the answer? Do you try and spice up things like we did and
  boy you have to admit did we spice up things, got in a little over my head,
  then what follows, upset, outrage, but then you sit back and think about it.  
Yes your right when I was alone I did think about that weekend, the seven
  men, the dog and the fucking I got, did it hurt, we are still together, you
  know the husband and wife thing besides in hindsight its not every day you
  get the fucking of a life time with that many orgasms and get to lie that you
  didn't enjoy it.  
I must be honest with you I also enjoyed the many times I fucked off with
  my fingers, rubbing my clit and finger fucking myself as I fantasized about
  those words.  
 I said them to him in such haste but now they were etched in my mind ,   I
      hope none of your horny mates come round when I'm home alone.   
   
I know your wondering why I'm telling you this well I have to confess to
  some-one, some one who would believe my innocents and you do know me, or like
  me, thought you did. This is what happens when you mix fantasy with a few drinks.  
After that weekend we went back to a normal life, strained and definitely
  cold and no more exciting nights out, you know normal.  
We didn't talk much, both of us drunk more and if, which became often, we
  argued, that weekend was thrown up, so to save the animosity I went out with
  my girly friends and he played his bloody golf with his five mates.  
It was on one such girly night, it must have been about five weeks later,
  that I got a bit drunk. I hadn't eaten because our food was on the dining room
  floor. We had a bloody great row and I threw the dinner at him and for good
  measure mine as well, well I had especially wanted the car a week on Saturday
  and he annoyed me by saying he was away playing in a tournament from that Friday
  night until the Sunday afternoon.  
I stormed out the house, found Jill and Trish and headed for The Plant Pot
  Bar to drown my temper.  
Yes I drowned it, bloody well close to the Titanic.  
The place was full and the atmosphere was great, some-bodies birthday bash
  and believe me I was well away as the conversation came round to sex and eventually
  spicing it up and I was the first to announce that I knew all about that.  
The goaded me on, a few more drinks and I started by telling them that we
  had played the, I play up and flirt with a horny guy then me and Rickie went
  home to fuck, but they wanted details.  
Eventually the conversation got round to that eventful weekend. They plied
  me with more drink and soon the seven men where in the story.  
I told them how I had played up a little too much, they had caught me, separated
  my from my protective husband and had taken me, then the house and the threats,
  then the fucking, oh how they wanted to know about the fucking I got.  
They loved the way I told them how I had been forced to suck so many cocks,
  how my mouth had been used and abused, how I'd been unable to stop them pumping
  their cum down my throat. The way they had used my cunt and my arse as a sperm
  bank, filling me over and over again. How I had been tied to a table and fed
  with a cock as a spoon and yes, even the dog.  
That really blew their minds, I giggled as I told them how good a dogs tongue
  can be, better than any man, rougher, longer and faster.  
I was so drunk, they just let me blurt out that, the faster the dog licked
  me the wetter I got, the wetter I got the more the tongue got up in side of
  me, I just rambled on with, the more it got up me the more I came, the more
  I came the more the bloody thing licked me.  
They had to calm me down I was almost shouting, I was remembering it as I
  said, it was the best orgasm I had ever had and I didn't stop until I told
  them about it all being taped for my pathetic husbands viewing amusement.  
They begged me to show them the tape, I burbled something about, it stays
  locked in my dressing table side draw before the drink finally won and I fell
  forward on to the table.  
The girls got me home. I drank copious amounts of coffee before taking to
  my bed avoiding shit head when he got back from the golf club.  
We rowed again in the morning before he went to work. Trish fortunately rang
  to make sure I was all right and sniggered as she recounted my tales from the
  evening before, again begging to see the tape, using the old, I bet it never
  happened to you, just to try and trick me.  
Before she rang off she surprised me by saying she had bought Eric a drink
  after I'd knocked it over, Eric and Norman where usually at the golf club,
  two of my husbands golfing mates but last night they fancied a change, and
  they knew the birthday boy.  
She said no more and talked about the big do on the Saturday, the big do
  I was going to miss.  
The Friday night came, we didn't speak as he loaded his fucking golf clubs
  in the car and pissed off. I suppose it was me that was totally pissed off,
  so, my temper up again, I headed for the drinks cabinet and guess what, no
  bourbon.  
Coat on, out and down to the liqueur store. I returned carrying my bottle,
  two hours later it was empty and I'd been a naughty girl I had a good time
  between my legs, my fingers were soaking wet after watching my tape for an
  hour.  
I wanted another drink so I found my coat, this time I tottered down the
  road, half way down Eric and Norman stopped the car beside me, Ralph and Bruce
  were with them, "Where you going Tanya?"  
They startled me, "Eeerrr the liqueur store, run out of supplies."  
 They opened the back door, "Hop in we are going to a bar, missed the cut
  with the tournament so drowning our sorrows, we will give you a lift, can't
  have a beautiful woman out on the streets"  
Its silly I know but complements do cloud the senses and I said thank you.
  As I went to get in Bruce jumped out and moved me to sit between them.  
Its funny, your sitting trying to look anywhere but the company your with
  when you notice your not wearing the right things for the occasion.  
My little jacket did nothing to hide the fact that I only had on a little
  summer skirt and that did nothing to cover the expanse of my naked legs. It
  wasn't big enough to close so my little house blouse accentuated my large breasts;
  thank god I had put on panties and a bra.  
I was expecting to arrive at the Plant Pot but we ended up at some seedy
  little bar, not many people and those who were there were a little unsavory
  to say the least.  
They virtually marched me to the bar, shouting, "Drinks all round," I took
  something as Eric whispered, "A couple here then we will get your bottle and
  drop you home."  
That couple ended up as four and I'd had enough before that, stupidly I pleaded
  with them to take me home; they grabbed four bottles and aimed me back to the
  car.  
I lolled in the back of the car. I dozed, I think one of them must have accidentally
  touched my legs but he stopped when I moved. They were talking but I was too
  sleepy to take much notice, I think they were talking golf, I could vaguely
  hear some-one say he was going have a hole in one and another that he was going
  to par all three but I woke with a start as hands lifted me out of the car
  and carried me to my front door.  
They had taken the key from my purse and let them and me in; I was unceremoniously
  dropped on to my own couch.  
Eric said, "Who's for more drink?" there was a cheer as my cabinet was raided
  and glass's were filled, he approached me with the bottle, he smiled, I could
  see my jacket was open and my skirt had ridden up showing more thigh than I
  should, I went to move.  
From the back of the couch hands held my shoulders back, Eric knelt, his
  knees either side of me menacingly pointing the neck of the bottle at me, "Come
  on Tanya take it in your mouth, the other day I heard you say you can take
  it all in your mouth seven times over."  
I fought, no, no, stop this get out, as I said that Bruce shouted, "Fucking
  hell its in the machine, look."  
There was temporally silence as that video clicked on, there was a low moan
  as it started were I had switched it off just after I had cum all over my fingers.  
I just had time to see it was the bit were I was on all fours someone was
  fucking my cunt or ass from behind while another was filling my mouth and throat
  with a long hard cock as something inside told me to move.  
That something was to late, Ralph grabbed one wrist, Bruce the other and
  slammed them back against the couch. Norman held my head as Eric shoved the
  bottle in to my mouth; it slid over my tongue and in to my throat.  
Keeping his fingers around the neck and over my lips I couldn't stop the
  neat liqueur as it flowed in to me.  
I struggled but they held me tight, Eric grinned at me, "That's it drink
  it all we intend to have you drunk,"  
Ralph said, "Ya I like them drunk, their easy to play with when their drunk."  
Bruce joined in, "Ya easy to fuck, they bend easy and they don't stop you
  doing what ever you like to them."  
I tried to move my head but Norman held me tight, "Your not going anywhere
  sweet-pie, I've wanted to get my hands in your pants for a long while, why
  should an ass-hole like your husband have such a good looking piece of cunt,
  tonight I'm gona find out just how much fun he has when he's fucking you."  
Eric laughed, "You can see how much fun she is, just look at the T V."  
He pulled the empty bottle from my mouth, through blurred eyes I could see
  me, I was on that sofa, sitting on one cock while another banged up my arse
  from behind, I thought, oh god not again.  
Throwing the empty bottle aside he sank lower pinning me to the couch, he
  ran his fingers over my lips, I mumbled, No stop this, you know this is wrong,
  get off me, but he just kept running his fingers around my lips, grinning at
  me the whole time.  
With my head held tight and my arms pinned back Eric enjoyed the freedom
  to do what he liked. He ran his finger from my mouth down my chin and then,
  first over one breast and then the other as he stared in to my face, " We haven't
  seen all the video," he paused, "Yet, I bet you told those men the same story,
  we can hear you now," he squeaked in a high pitched voice, "Oh please no, I'm
  a married woman, don't touch me, you can't fuck me and I'll never suck your
  cocks," the other three giggled like school boys.  
His other hand snaked forward and he used both to feel over my blouse for
  my nipples, "What was it Shakespeare said, Me thinks the lady doth protest
  her innocence to much," he moved closer, looking me straight in the face, "How
  long did it take you, all of ten minutes before you were on your knees fucking
  and sucking, taking cock up the cunt and sucking cock in to this cute little
  mouth," I mumbled a silly, No, No you can't as he said, "Our ten minutes starts
  now."  
He got up, I started to struggle but they held me tight, all I heard was, "Right
  lads lets see if she looks as good naked as we imaged."  
Ralph and Bruce pulled me forward and up but still held me as Eric started
  undoing the buttons. I felt Norman behind unzipping my skirt, my drunken pleading
  was making them laugh. As I told them to go and I wouldn't tell Rickie my blouse
  was opened and Eric started massaging my bra, he grinned, "No you won't, we
  will make sure you don't want to tell him."  
I was outraged, "How dare you of course I'll tell him and your wives and
  if you don't leave now it will be the police."  
They roared with laughter as my skirt was tugged down, Norman said, "Hay
  Tanya you got a vid camera we could do Rickie a sequel."  
Eric stuffed his hand in my bra and lifted both my breasts out, "What shall
  we call it, a hole in one."  
As I felt fingers grip my panties waist band I was begging them not to touch
  me but my begging got as much attention as the last time in that house and
  the look of lust in these eyes as they roamed over my exposed body was the
  same.  
To Eric's words of, "That looks tasty," my panties were pulled down to my
  ankles, then he nodded to the others to drag my back to the couch, "Get her
  back on the couch I want a closer inspection of that little gash."  
I was slammed back on to the couch, as I thumped down so he dived between
  my legs forcing himself between my thighs, his body holding them open. He grinned
  at me as his fingers reached for my pussy then I felt his thumbs on my lips,
  the grin widened as he peeled them apart opening me to what ever he intended
  to do.  
The others watched him as he began to abuse me, his fingers now pinching
  my pussy lips as he pulled me further open, I squealed, told him he was hurting
  me, he looked up at me then the others, "Can't you three do something to her
  while I get her cunt ready for my cock?"  
Norman pulled my head to the side and sneered in my face, "Come on sweetie-pie
  lets have a kiss," I told him no, I shouted at them all to get their filthy
  hands off of me, but Norman just pulled my hair until I reluctantly parted
  my lips, his stinking mouth then covered mine as his foul tasting tongue invaded
  my mouth.  
I jumped as fingers and tongues started at me. Mouths covered both my nipples
  before fingers pushed in to my pussy and a tongue licked at me.  
I knew I was unable to stop them, they had me and the words from Eric of, "God
  she tastes nice you must all have a lick of this before we spoil it by fucking
  it," where nothing to how he finished his sentence, "Boys believe me when I
  say we got us a gorgeous cunt to use for the next couple of days."  
I pulled my mouth round, for a moment I managed to get Norman off, "No, no
  you can't, I won't let you," then my mouth was covered again. I felt Eric start
  to push a finger up me, "Oh but who's going to stop us, your husband is playing
  a few holes this weekend and so are we, yours."  
I tried to move, to dislodge him but he just carried on, pushing further
  up, tormenting me all the time, "That's it wiggle it about, there may not be
  seven of us but I'm sure we will keep you busy".  
Norman stopped slavering over my mouth, "Lets stop the chat and lets have
  some of her, where shall we start?"  
Bruce nipped my nipple and made me squeal, "The floor looks good enough for
  starters, up she comes."  
He grabbed my arm; Ralph did the same as Eric stood, putting his arm under
  my knees he dragged my legs with him. Yes of course I struggled but there were
  four of them and they just carried me to the middle of the room. Norman moved
  the small nest of tables as they lowered me to the floor.  
With a sharp tug my arms went straight up above my head, they slid my blouse
  and bra up, I squealed as they had not undone my bra and it hurt, Bruce crudely
  said, "Have a care don't want to rip her tits off," I was just about to yell
  at him when he put his hand over my mouth, "I haven't finished eating them
  yet."  
Norman kept my arms up as they all went back to eating me; Bruce and Ralph
  sucking at my breasts while Eric had my knees parted and was lying flat on
  the floor with his face buried in my pussy," Norman laughed and told him, "You
  got to work faster than that, this cunt used to dogs licking her out," that
  may have got sniggers from all of them but it didn't stop what they were doing
  to me.  
Norman kept his eyes fixed on me, I kept pleading with him, asking him to
  stop them but he wouldn't, all he did was answer me back with his filthy mouth, "Oh
  come on sweetie-pie your lovin this, just look at the vid, fucking and sucking
  men is your hobby, just because you play the little miss innocent in front
  of your husband don't mean that under them pretty little short skirts you got
  you ain't got a wet cunt just waiting for the boys."  
He nudged Ralph, "Hold her arms while I start the vid from scratch, can't
  wait any longer I just got to see her and the doggie bit."  
Ralph and Bruce held my arms, I still struggled, I knew I had too as my knees
  where held tight under Eric's elbows, my body pinned to the floor, I was helpless
  as Eric's tongue found more and more places to make me jump.  
I half screamed, half cried, "Get off me your fucking perverts," but all
  I got was Normans leering face as he returned to holding me, "Call us fucking
  perverts its not us who lets dogs get us off or fucks and sucks any man who
  gets in to our pants and from where I am, looking at the way you keep biting
  your lip and twitching your hips it ain't gon be long before you gona want
  and have a few more takers."  
Suddenly Eric's voice startled me, "You can say that again, sure are gona
  take this honey pot, she juicing up nicely, real wet and real slippy, any one
  think they can get this hole wetter better speak now."  
Bruce was off me and waiting for Eric to replace him in seconds. As they
  changed place's I tried my hardest to squirm free but Bruce just grabbed each
  ankle and pushed them apart, soon that feeling was causing up my body, his
  tongue worked faster and it felt longer, I was unable to stop him actively
  turning me in to something I didn't want to be.  
Since the episode at the house, me and Rickie had hardly touched each other
  let alone fucked, maybe it was guilt on both our parts, but what I was feeling
  now just screamed memories of that weekend.  
I moaned as Bruce worked on me, Eric and Ralph pulled my arms down and out,
  laying on them, adjusting me so my hands were trapped under their crotches
  making sure I could feel the huge cocks bulging in their trousers.  
Now Norman was free, he started to describe what was on the video, each part
  in detail. As he did he released his cock, with his trousers round his ankles
  he knelt, put his knees either side of my head then started to slap it at my
  face.  
I tried to move but he clinched my jaw pushing his thumb and finger ether
  side of my mouth, the action forced my lips to purse so he could run the head
  of his long fat cock all over them.  
Much as I had tried to resist my pussy was getting wetter, I was becoming
  more than aroused, I knew that because as I felt Bruce's fingers at the entrance
  and couldn't help but feel excited, I wanted them to push further up.  
My nipples were now hard and tenderly sensitive, the two men knew it and
  worked so much harder, one moment caressing them too long hard cones that sent
  chills through me. The next moment sucking them in to their hot wet mouths
  while tickling over the end with their tongues, my shoulders moved in the same
  rhythm as my hips, I arched my back up my body wanted more.  
Then the torment changed, Eric and Norman started to talk to me, low, gentle
  but filthy.  
Eric fingers toyed with my nipple as he watched me trying to avoid Normans
  stinking cock, "Come on Tanya suck it for him, just like you did the others.
  What's one or even more cocks cuming down your throat gona do to you, and you
  now you love the taste."  
I tried to shake my head but he just grinned, "When I used to see you at
  the golf club do's I thought you were nothing more than a cunt on legs, now
  we know your just a fuck machine and with you husband away that's what were
  gona do for the next 36 hours, just fuck you stupid."  
I tired to plead with him as well as not let the cock at my mouth in but
  all the time the tongue up my pussy was driving me wild, "Plessshh I can't
  yous, ooohhhh, ah mushent, let mleeee gooo."  
Again I felt Bruce's fingers going up me, he said, "This cunt on legs is
  leaking come and get me juice all over her carpet, if she's a fuck machine
  then she's oiled up and ready to run."  
Norman joined in, "Let you go, just look at you on the vid, how long is that
  cock you got in your mouth, looks like your taking a foot, you going to suck
  mine just like that one, all that way?"  
Eric turned and looked at the tape, "She looks just how I have always wanted
  to see her, one hot ass in action, a cock at either end just like any other
  hot sexed up slut," he looked back at me, "And it won't be long now before
  we get the reality of you."  
I knew he was right, my body was squirming under the relentless fingers and
  mouths that were working me up to a frenzy of heightened sexuality, in plain
  English I was becoming uncontrollable and they knew that with this and all
  the drink I had consumed, I wouldn't be able to stop them.  
The grip on my mouth eased; as it did I opened it, partly to ease the pain,
  partly because I was fighting for breath. Norman didn't care which as the head
  of his cock rested on my tongue. I could taste the sticky residue that smeared
  all over the fat bulbous end and to my disgust, with all they were doing to
  me I couldn't help myself, I started licking at it.  
Norman grinned in conquest, "There you go, your hot lips getting the taste
  already, you better, because your mouth is going to taste a lot more before
  we are done fucking it."  
I felt Bruce move, "Well if your fucking her mouth then I'm going to have
  her cunt, get your knees up bitch and take a length of this."  
I felt him fumble as he removed his trousers then his hips pressed down on
  mine and I felt that first jolt of excitement as the tip of his cock pushed
  inside the lips of my pussy.  
My mouth opened wider as he pushed in to me, Normans cock slid to the back
  of my throat, as I arched my head back allowing more of the hard cock to fit
  in my mouth I felt Ralph and Eric roll off my arms.  
I was too far-gone to resist what they were going to do to me. My knees were
  now up and gripping Bruce's side as he pushed deeper up me. The sawing motion
  of the cock in my mouth took my senses away and soon Eric and Ralph rolled
  back this time their trousers were off and the fingers on both my hands wrapped
  around their thick rigid cocks as their mouths completed my delirium by sucking
  on my nipples again.  
Then they started on me, slowly, rhythmically, the one in my mouth just in,
  then back, slipping around my lips making me lick at it, making me try and
  capture it between my lips as Bruce pushed all the way in, deep and penetrating,
  then out just enough to give short sharp thrust at the entrance while rubbing
  over my clit then suddenly driving all the way up again, he was driving me
  wild.  
Eric and Ralph still excited my nipples as they pushed their cocks up and
  down my trapped hands, my body writhed with pleasure, they were going to gangbang
  me for hours and in the back of my mind I knew it would be like last time,
  I would be unable to stop them using me anyway they wanted.  
Norman was having trouble fitting his cock in to my mouth, "Stop fucking
    her hand, get the bitch over, Bruce you give her one doggie while I make
    full use of her mouth. 
    
As he pulled out of my mouth he virtually pushed Eric and Ralph off me, dragging
  me out from under Bruce. He swirled me round, "Grab your ankles, don't let
  go and make sure you shove your cunt out," I was dizzy from the drink but I
  had not option, he stopped me from falling by holding my head, jerking it up
  and slapping his cock at my mouth.  
Bruce didn't waste any time reinserting his fat cock in me from behind as
  Eric and Ralph went for more beer.  
Gone was the gentle caressing touch's, now both of them hammered their cocks
  in to me, I had all on to keep a grip of my ankle, the words, "I'll belt your
  ass if you let go," kept me in that subservient, available position.  
I only just came myself when my mouth was tasting more hot wet juice. As
  the cock slid out of my mouth leaving a sticky string of cum I was slowly building
  to another orgasm when my cunt filled with more warm sticky juice. They pulled
  out and I sank to the floor, still panting, still aroused.  
Eric sauntered over to me, like a man looking at a pet dog, then he bent
  and grabbed my arm. Looking back at the others, "See you later guys me, I think
  this lady got some unfinished business so we are going upstairs for some hard
  bed bouncing," he looked at Ralph, "Don't worry she'll still be hot and ready
  to take another good fucking when its your turn, in-fact we ain't gona let
  her cool down."  
He squeezed my arse, "Oh no this is going to be roasting all this weekend,
  hope Rickie don't want any when he comes home," as he propelled me towards
  the door he dragged my face round, "Because after we've all had fun with you
  we ain't leaving your husband anything worth fucking."  
He had his arm round me like some kind of courting couple as he half pushed,
  half dragged me up the stairs. He wasn't listening as I told him that enough
  was enough, he just laughed and said, "Don't be so fucking stupid, there's
  four of us and there's little old naked you and by the time you get to go back
  down stairs again you'll have been fucked so much that you won't have the energy
  to run anywhere."  
As he pushed me through the door to our bedroom and saw the big double bed
  he grabbed my ass and wiggled his fingers between my crack, "No my little fucking
  machine your going to need all your energy to keep us four happy all weekend
  and that means starting now, so get on the fucking bed and lets use you for
  what your good for."  
Thinking fast I turned and sat on the bed. I looked up at him as he took
  his clothes off, I had that whopped dog look on my face, I took a deep breath
  and kind of whimpered at him, "Look Eric please if you do me, can that be it,
  I mean can you get them to go?"  
He peeled his shirt off and grinned at me, his cock hard and fat pointed
  at me, "Well, well I don't know but I suppose if I get to fuck you good, and
  I mean good that I can persuade them but by fuck, you hot assed cunt, I better
  have had nothing better."  
I cleared my throat, "You promise, if I do you and give you everything, let
  you make me do anything then you'll get rid of them?"  
He came closer, "Yep your on, now lets stop fucking about and start fucking
  you," he gripped his cock in his hand, he had large hands but the angry head
  still pointed at me, "As you seemed to have cleared your throat now seems as
  good a time as any to fill it again, open up, get it in your mouth and start
  making me like you."  
I bent forward and gripped his fat cock, he tapped my fingers, "Mouth cock,
  fingers balls and I don't mind a tickle up the ass while my hairs do the same
  to your nose." I slid my hand under his sack in between his legs and started
  to play with him, my mouth open to its limit while I made sure I was taking
  it all, breathing through my nose and concentrating, suddenly my hair felt
  a sharp tug, "Oh and I like eye contact, there's something about a woman staring
  at you with your cock rammed to the hilt in the back of her mouth."  
I had just about got an acceptable rhythm going, I was gliding my head up
  and down, just about breathing when he grinned, "Open you legs real wide, use
  one hand on my balls and finger fuck yourself with the other and remember,
  anything I want, you do."  
I worked hard on him my tongue tickling it as it slid to my lips then sliding
  under as it slid down my throat. All the time I worked on his balls and asre
  hole as my own fingers became wet. They were in quite a bit when I felt him
  starting to build, as I swallowed so he shoved, his cock was defiantly getting
  ready to unload its self in to my throat.  
His hand gripped my head and he shoved hard, holding me as it spewed hot
  sticky juice in to my body. I chocked, gagged and swallowed all at the same
  time, only to be shaken when Ralph's voice echoed around the room, "Bout fucking
  time, now let me have some fun with her."  
Choking and stumbling I got up, almost gasping the words, "You promised no
  more, "Eric grabbed me round the waist and lifted me off the floor, my legs
  kicking wildly as I watched Ralph throw the last of his clothes on the bedroom
  chair.  
Ralph laughed at my pathetic struggle. He moved to the bed, grabbed the pillows
  and threw them in the center of the mattress, "Get the hot cunt over those,
  lets have her ass in the air, there's a couple of things I want to do to it."  
Eric swung me over and threw me; face down, on my own bed.  
One of them slapped his hand on my back holding me down then a stinging slap
  stung my bottom, then another, and another, I squealed and tried to wiggle
  out of the way but it was useless.  
Another six slaps stopped me moving then my legs were pulled apart,
    I closed them just as quickly as I could only to have two more slaps before
    I slowly opened them again. 
    
As I lay there trying not to sob, I felt fingers on my pussy, pushing in
  and I was unable to stop them as I was still wet from finger fucking myself
  and they knew it. Ralph started at me, pushing in, playing around my wet puffy
  aroused lips as Eric started to play with my arse. Slowly I stopped sniffing
  and started moaning until Eric said, "Which hole you gona fuck?" Ralph sniggered, "Both."  
There was movement behind me, my legs were nudged further apart, the bed
  sank either side of me and the tip of a very hard piece of male meat started
  to push easily in to me. I arched up again, my bottom raising to greet the
  long hard intruder, I groaned as it hit home, my cunt was full again and I
  knew he would take full delight in fucking me and it was going to be hard,
  and worst of all my body would betray me.  
Eric wiped some of the drool that ran down my chin, "You got to know bitch,
  no matter what we say you're here and ours until we've had enough, and looking
  at your pert tasty body that ain't gona be until your husband turns the top
  end of the street and even that will be after we've made arrangements to have
  some more fun on our next visit."  
Eric bent lower and whispered, "And if you don't play ball, I know of at
  least a dozen more men at the club that want to get their hands in your pants
  and have what we are having."  
His words swam in my mind as the cock fucked in and out of me relentlessly.
  I couldn't help it I orgasmed once then again, Ralph really was fucking both
  my holes, just knowing that moment to change holes, just as I burst juice all
  over my bed, I was so hot but he carried on another five minutes before he
  let his load go up my arse.  
He didn't make me lick it clean but he did go and wash it then made me suck
  it, in fact I couldn't understand why I was made to sit on the bed and suck
  both of them, I was fully expecting the other two to come up and gang bang
  me. They both kept fucking my mouth while I played with their balls that was
  until Bruce came in and said, "Just like you said, let the fun begin."  
They lifted me from the bed and walked me downstairs, my heart jumped as
  I walked through the door, Norman was sat grinning at me, sat between his leg
  was the biggest, dirtiest black street mongrel I'd ever seen, I turned only
  to be held by Eric, "Oh come on, its be kind to a stray day and I know how
  you would hate to miss out on something that's better than any man, and his
  tongue looks longer than anything I've ever seen."  
Eric was having all on to hold me. I kicked and squealed to get the bloody
  thing out of the house but it was no use Ralph soon helped him over power me.  
Bruce grinned at my struggles as he said to Eric, "You were right, not 20
  minutes and we had seen three, this one seemed the best and he sure was hungry
  for that meat."  
Eric laughed, it deafened my ear, "Hell, I bet he'll be hungry for a different
  kind of meaty goodness soon."  
With Eric holding me and Ralph helping him, it was easy for Bruce to pull
  my left leg up, opening my legs; he tickled my hot pussy while taunting the
  dog.  
It started to struggle between Normans legs, if it hadn't been for the tea
  towel that Norman had wrapped round its neck he would have never controlled
  the big beast.  
I squealed and struggled but they just laughed at my futile efforts, they
  ignored everything I said and their filthy remarks filled the room. Bruce still
  held my cunt lips apart and said, "Here boy, fetch, come on come and get it."  
"Good boy, here's a nice reward for being mans best friend."  
"Come on doggie chase that pussy."  
I was hysterical as they lifted me towards the middle of the room.  
I struggle, I called them every filthy obscenity my mind would release but
  they just carried on laughing, humiliating me as Eric reminded me of the things
  I had said at the bar.  
Laid on the floor, pinned down by Ralph and Bruce I could only watch helplessly
  as Eric disappeared in to the kitchen, the dog struggling and pulling as it
  got nervous of all the movement around it.  
Eric came back in, he lifted his arm, I could see he had a sticky toffee
  yogurt clutched in his hand and with a silly voice announced to all, "Look
  I got a dogs dinner, I must see if its his flavor."  
There was only the sound of my pathetic moan of, "Oh god no," as Eric pulled
  the strip foil from the tub and dipped his finger in. I watched as he approached
  the excited dog, then my groan became louder as I watched the long fat tongue
  almost devour his finger, licking furiously at the yogurt, much to Eric's delight
  as he looked at me, "Seems he likes that, now lads, what do you suggest we
  do to enhance the flavor?"  
With Bruce holding my arms above my head, it was easy for Ralph and Eric
  to grab a leg each and drag them open, Eric grinned at them, then me, as he
  drove his fingers in to the tub, pulling out he smeared the sticky contents
  all over my pussy and inside my thighs.  
The next finger full went between my pussy and my arse hole, tickling me
  until he pushed them up between the cheeks of my arse, his eyes continually
  stared at me, as I shook my head he said, "Yes maybe your right, I'll save
  the rest of the tub for another time or maybe, some another interesting places."  
He slowly pointed his finger towards the dog, Norman let go of the tea towel,
  I squealed, "No, no," as it immediately licked at the finger and with another
  whimper escaping my lips that broke the uncanny silence in the room, I watched
  as he drew his finger down between my legs.  
Although the dog was licking at his fingers I could feel the animals hot
  breath on my inner thighs, then I jumped as Eric drew his finger up my slit,
  the dogs tongue touched the sticky sweet mixture and immediately its tongue
  attack my pussy.  
I tried to keep my legs straight but they made sure that didn't work; Norman
  quickly moved to one side and clicked his fingers at Ralph then pointed to
  my knees, simultaneously they grabbed my knees, pulled them up and back, spreading
  them wide as they did, with Bruce holding my arms I was exposed and defenseless.  
I soon found out that this street animal was far more virile than the tame
  dog of last time. Its huge muscular tongue drove in to me, slavoring over my
  exposed pussy, its own juices dribbling between my legs as it started to arouse
  me with its course, rough tongue.  
As the wet ran between my legs so its tongue followed, licking down, working
  between my pussy and arse, I jumped and bucked in their grip, my squeals of
  stop became uncontrollable moans, until its tongue tickled up between the cheeks
  of my arse, touching my arse ring then, to the sniggers of the men, I orgasmed.  
As my juices mixed with the toffee the dog licked in way too indescribable
  to explain, my head rolled in delirium as I built yet to another climax. I
  realized that the dog's back was arching as its head twisted and turned, satisfying
  its taste for me. Unable to do anything but lay there and let my body experience
  the sex it was being forced to receive as I heard Eric say, "Fucking dog must
  be the stud of the block, look at that monster sticking out between its legs."  
Bruce looked down at me, "You ready to suck some more cock or shall we leave
  you to him?" I couldn't take any more I took the chance to stop my torment;
  I told him I'd suck his cock, if he'd stop the dog.  
He grinned as he said; "If you suck I will stop the dog licking you, now
  lets have you on all fours."  
Still holding my leg open they pulled it over the dog's body, I was turned
  but the dog never stopped, it was still licking at my pussy as I crawled to
  my knees.  
Bruce knelt before me, his cock waving in front of my face. I looked at him
  my body shaking as the dog could now lick up from my clit to my arse, again
  increasing the desire to humiliate myself by cuming in front of these perverts.  
I spluttered, "You said you'd stop it licking."  
He looked at me, "When you've got my boner stuck in your mouth and your sucking
  like you should be, then we will stop it licking, you do your part we will
  do ours."  
I quickly knelt solidly on all fours, used my tongue to suck his cock in
  and started tickling the end while nodding up and down the hard shaft.  
There was movement either side as I felt the dog pulled away. Bruce suddenly
  gripped my hair really tight and held my head firm, his cock almost fully embedded
  in to my throat, forcefully he began to nod my head up and down, masturbating
  his cock with my throat, I could only just breath.  
This and the extra movement around my confused me, then I felt the weight
  of the animal on my back. Norman and Ralph were holding it, their hands gripped
  its paws to stop it moving or scratching me, but Eric was pushing it from behind
  making sure its thick cock started to touch me.  
It started to jab at me, I tried to move but couldn't, all I could do was
  look up at Bruce and watch his sick sadistic smile grow across his face as
  the jabbing got closer to my pussy. There was a shout of, "Home strike," as
  I felt its cock hit my open wet pussy, then again and again as it started to
  enter me.  
It was fat and long, it was filling me I was trying to speak but Bruce kept
  me firm.  
Smiling at me he said, "It ain't licking you now, is it." I tried to fend
  it off with my hand but some one just slapped it out the way. It was fully
  in me driving hard, my pussy was on fire, this filthy animals body drove it
  further, harder and so fast then, oh god what was I feeling, something else,
  it seemed to swell at the base and this huge thrusting cock locked its self
  in me.  
I couldn't control myself, I felt as though I was being fucked to death unable
  to move, I couldn't escape from it, when, with out warning fingers attacked
  my hanging nipples, that was it, I lost it, that whole feeling drove me over
  the edge and I came, spurting juice everywhere, my thighs, my legs were wet
  as it squirted out from around the invading meat.  
Bruce pulled slightly out and I immediately sucked on it like a kid with
  its favorite lollypop. The men relaxed their grip and just left the dog to
  continue its assault, just using me like a bitch on heat, until both it and
  Bruce unloaded more juice in to my well-fucked body.  
I collapsed on the floor. I had to keep my arse stuck up in the air, unable
  to escape until this dogs knot shrank and pulled out. Before the men had chance
  to pull it away, its nose was back between my legs. They left me to squirm
  under the assault of its tongue. I groaned, thank god it was then they did
  pull it off me; the next thing I knew was I was being dragged in to my bathroom.  
Ralph crudely said, "There I told you she had one of them fancy French cunt
  washers, lets clean her out and then shower the bitch, I'm ready for a sleep."  
Bruce chipped in, "Ya we got a long hard day of fucking cuming up."  
As they dragged me in to the shower, theirs hands already starting to abuse
  me, I realized that I was no longer, a house wife, married woman or even a
  person, I was their toy, a rag doll for them to abuse and play with, nothing
  less than the sex slave of four perverted men.  
I was sat on my own bedroom stool, totally naked, as were the four men. Bruce
  was drying my hair, he asked if I had a dryer, I pointed to the draw, he got
  it out, plugged it in and started.  
Ralph was already asleep in the chair and Eric was lying on my bed, but Norman
  was watching me, his cock in his hand and it was hard.  
He swaggered over to me, grabbed my jaw, "While he's blowing your hair you
  can blow me."  
Resigned to my fate and in no way strong enough to defend myself I opened
  my mouth and took his cock in. As I sucked he looked at me then in to the dressing
  table mirror, I did the same, he grinned at me as we both watched him fucking
  my mouth until I gagged as he came and I was left to watch the driblets of
  his juice dribble down my chin.  
They threw me on to the bed; Eric and Norman put the heavy dressing table
  in front of the door and got on the bed either side of me. Bruce took the other
  chair and before my dulled brain could recall what had happened and most of
  all what was going to happen I drifted in to sleep.  
Well dear ready as you can imagine the next day started as the last finished.  
In the mist of sleep I knew my body was already being abused. I could feel
  fingers stroking over my pussy while my nipple were slowly getting hard under
  another persons mouth.  
My eyes blinked open, the first person I saw was Bruce standing at the end
  of my bed. Eric was on my left stroking his fingers over my pussy lips. Norman
  was on my right his mouth toying with my nipple, Eric grinned, "You don't look
  half bad in the mornings, must be nice not to need make-up, but for the moment
  we need breakfast, lets have your pretty ass downstairs and by the way it stays
  naked."  
Just like I would for my husband, I cooked breakfast, naked and continually
  being fondled but I still cooked breakfast.  
We all sat at the table, they laughed and made obscene jokes about me and
  what they had down to me, I just ate a little toast. It wasn't until we finished
  that they informed me, they had to take some food out to the car, my four-legged
  friend needed food, they had still got that dog.  
I pleaded with them to get rid of it, that I didn't want to do anything with
  it, even that I would take care of their needs, we all knew I was their sex
  slave anyway, but Eric still brought it in to the house.  
The other three surrounded me, their fingers touching me, I jumped as my
  cunt and arse were goosed, I jumped as hands mauled my tits, I pleaded as they
  started at me, telling me that I enjoyed it yesterday when should I stop them
  today. As my hair was pulled I was reminded I was theirs, I was going to get
  fucked all day, not just an evening and they would do what they liked with
  me, I was ordered to kneel on the floor.  
I knelt there, Eric stood holding the dog, it was still as excitable as yesterday.
  Ralph told me to spread my knees, then to grip my ankles, I knelt bowed back
  my pussy on full view for all to see and I was threatened with a good belting
  if I moved, Norman got the sticky toffee.  
Norman knelt beside me, "You better keep still while we play this little
  game or you'll be playing it later with a sore ass," he dabbed some toffee
  on each nipple then in stuffed a finger full up my pussy, he nodded to Eric.  
Eric brought the dog over; its nose touched my breasts then its tongue started
  on me again.  
The rough tongue licked at my nipple, first one then the other, forcing them
  hard, I groaned as more was dripped on, my nipples now sensitive and hard,
  I was breathing heavy anticipating what its tongue would do in my pussy.  
Suddenly my hair was held and the sticky yogurt was smeared over my mouth
  and lips, I tried to close it but they held my nose and, with the continues
  licking of my nipples, I couldn't help it, I opened my mouth, I needed to breath.  
The dogs head was brought up, its tongue attacked my mouth, I tried again
  to keep it closed but with my nose held and not daring to move my hands I could
  do nothing to defend myself and the dogs tongue got inside my mouth.  
They shouted and giggled as I was forced to french kiss this animal, it seemed
  to go on forever I had to except this animals tongue inside my mouth while
  they put more stuff on my nipples and pussy.  
They pulled the dog back down to my nipples, being forced to let the dog
  have my mouth had somehow excited me and I could feel I was wet between my
  bent legs.  
The toffee was licked off my nipples but it wouldn't stop it moved down,
  Eric had made a trail and I felt the huge tongue as it moved down over my stomach.
  Lots had been put round my naval and the thought of what it was going to do
  next had me becoming wetter and wetter.  
Oh god when it finally drove up in to my exposed pussy I squealed. They watched
  as I humped up towards the long tongues, immediately coming and then racing
  towards another orgasm.  
Suddenly Eric grabbed the dog and pushed it out side. Then turned grabbed
  me and said, "Come on lads she hot to fuck, she wants it so lets have her on
  the bed."  
With fingers stuck up my pussy from behind I was bundled upstairs, as we
  entered the bedroom Ralph shouted, "O K its fours up and I'm up her ass first."  
Soon I was on my bed, bouncing up and down Norman's cock with Ralph fucking
  my arse. I was so hot I didn't care how hard they were fucking me as I used
  my mouth back and forth on Eric and Bruce.  
No sooner had the two fucking my holes finished then they changed places
  and the gang fucking of me started all over again.  
After that marathon fucking three of them went back downstairs leaving Eric
  to play with me for a while before he fucked me again.  
This went on for a few hours, them changing places, and me they had their
  fun getting me in any position they wanted, so any or all of my holes could
  be fucked as and when they were ready.  
As more and more of the day went on their attention turned to my tits, fucking
  off between them and using my mouth, it was just like last time, this fascination
  for making me choke as they fucked and filled my throat time and time again
  and when they went soft my mouth was used again.  
It was just as Ralph had fucked my mouth and I had spilt some that he was
  making me lick it off my tits, he was giggling making sure I only used my tongue
  when Eric shouted up, "Come down here, you got to see this."  
He pushed me back in to the lounge, "What's up?"  
Bruce and Eric where laughing, "Get over here cunt, lets have you bent over
  the sofa and fucked again."  
As I was now used too doing as they commanded, I moved with out question
  and bent over the sofa, Bruce came up behind me, I felt him start to slide
  in me and Eric turned my head before he stuck his cock on my lips, Ralph said, "Come
  on what's the rush, you could have fucked her upstairs?"  
Norman pressed the remote on the television, the sports channel flicked on,
  it was that golf tournament, Eric laughed as he filled my mouth with his meat.  
Bruce was hard up me, fucking my pussy as hard and fast as he could, knowing
  it would turn me in to their sex toy again,  
I could see it out of the corner of my eye, they were interviewing the competitors
  and these sick perverts knew this was the time that Rickie's name was due.  
Norman sat on the sofa his right hand playing with my swinging tits. Bruce
  was making me so wet and Eric just stood there, he knew how horny I was and
  that I would do the sucking.  
Suddenly there on screen was Rickie, there was a cheer from the four as Bruce
  said, "How you doing mate, we are doing just fine."  
Then the commentator asked, "Did you enjoy the back nine this morning?"  
Eric shoved his cock hard in to my mouth and screamed, "I enjoyed your wife's
  back end this morning."  
Rickie said he was confident of a good few shots later. Again Eric said, "Not
  half as much as we are confident of some good shots for the rest of the day."  
I listened as they asked my husband, "Is your lovely wife following the game."  
Rickie said, "No I think I'm in the dog house, she's at home amusing herself,
  she wouldn't come."  
The four men went in to hysterical laughter as words like, "Come, come, your
  fucking wife has done nothing but cum." And I was, again.  
"You may be in the dog house but a dogs been in your house and fucked your
  wife."  
"She's amusing herself right now, she can't get enough of her cunt on my
  driver."  
 He finished by asking Rickie if he intended to go in any more tournaments
  and Rickie said he hoped so, he enjoyed a few holes, it made him relax, you
  can imagine the words around my lounge from the four men still fucking me.  
Well dear reader, they continued to use me for the rest of the day, fucking
  me well in to the night. I got the spanking they promised but not too hard
  and I had to do them a midnight show.  
They had me sort out my little thongs and lacey bras along with my suspenders,
  stockings and high heeled shoes, then they made me dance around wearing my
  sexiest undies while using a vegetable on myself before they gave me the last
  hard four way farewell fucking and yes, as they left me to clean their mess
  up, I was promised they would be around again I would be fucked again and again
  many, many more times when ever I was home alone.  
 I bet you thought I was a right little hot assed cheating fuck toy and I
  bet you believe that once I saw them pull up beside me that I planned it all,
  well this time you were right.  
 Pagan.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





