BDSM Library - Every Dog Has it's Day




Every Dog Has it's Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female slave forced to live life as an outside dog.The following story is COPYRIGHTED. The author, Kaja_m, reserves all rights to
  this work. It may be freely distributed online, posted and archived electronically,
  only in its entirety, including all header material. It may not be changed or
  altered without the authors permission. It may not be sold in whole or in any
  part, or as part of an electronic document, printed material, voice recording
  or any other manner without proper copyright clearances being obtained from the
  author.
EVERY DOG HAD IT'S DAY 
The sun beat down unmercifully on the dirt that surrounded
    it's home. It was grateful for having a roof for shade, to keep from roasting
    in the heat of the day. A small, crackled roof though it was, but still,
    it was thankful. That's all it was now, an &quot;IT&quot;. It had long surpassed
    the days of being known as a whore or called such loving names as bitch or
    slut. Rarely, it was treated with such affection as to be called dog or mutt.
    Usually these days, it was simply referred to as beast, animal, or sometimes
    if it's Master was feeling particularly giving... pet was it's name. But,
    while being talked about or discussed, it was always IT. That's what it even
    learned to call itself, in it's own mind and thoughts. Yes, the times of
    being called a woman or girl or even female were just ancient memories, that
    it could now barely recall. 
It curled up into one favorite corner of the wooden
    dog house. Luckily, it's heavy chain was long enough to allow plenty of roaming
    room inside it's tiny prison. The chain had to be long so that the beast
    could make it's way out into the grassy yard to relieve itself. It's stomach
    rumbled as it attempted to sleep. Between the unyielding heat and the pains
    of hunger, it was going to be nearly impossible. It could only hope that
    it's Master soon would want to use it or perhaps even punish it. 
It longed for it's Master's punishment... anything to
    not be so ignored or to make the desolate loneliness go away, even for just
    a minute or two. It's life had grown so barren. When at first it began it's
    journey with it's Master, things were not as bleak as they were now. In the
    beginning, it was permitted to sleep in it's Master's bed, shackled and chained
    to His bed post. It was allowed to eat at His feet, underneath His table.
    At first, it was even given it's own food. Slowly, the food on it's plate
    became less and less and the pet was forced to wait until after it's owner
    had finished His supper before it was fed. 
The progression was slow and awful, until finally, it
    was only given it's Master's scraps and the plate it used to eat off of was
    changed for a stainless steel dog's dish. And at the very beginning, it was
    able to rest quietly up on the couch with it's Master, and again, the transition
    was slow and agonizing, but eventually, it was no longer allowed on furniture,
    and finally, no longer even allowed to be in the house. 
Not on a regular basis, anyway. It was kept outside
    all year long, always naked, always dirty, attached to a rickety old dog
    house, which bore the word &quot;dog&quot;, above the rounded entryway. A
    silver bowl which held sun warmed water (which was only changed once a day)
    and a small, frayed piece of carpet in the corner of the pet's house, were
    it's only comforts and possessions. If it were to be inside, and one walked
    by, seeing only a heavy chain leading into the little home, they would never
    suspect anything other than an animal to be inside. Certainly not a human.
    It was given none of the comforts of a real person, only those things that
    a dog would consider a decent standard of living. 
When it first chose to accept it's Master's offer to
    come live with Him, it was under the pretense that He wanted a slave... A
    slave-girl, that is. But as time went on, it became rather clear that He
    desired a pet, one He could tether outside, and treat as if it were nothing
    more than an animal. Soon, the little submissive was replaced with another,
    and it was shoved more cruelly into animalism. 
The other slave began the same way this one had. As
    a plaything, an obedient, subservient partner in the Master's fun and games.
    She was treated as an absolute superior to the now dog-like creature, in
    every way possible. She was allowed sexy lingerie, baths on a regular basis,
    enough food to satisfy an adult woman, attention, outings, gifts... all the
    luxuries of a newly kept slave. When yet another slave was added, this one
    too, suffered a strike in ranking. She was to become a maid and house servant...
    used only seldomly for sex. It was always the new girl who was used most
    often for sex. The house slave was forced to sleep in a tiny cage in the
    basement, and had to be dressed in a tight, short, french maid's uniform,
    complete with fishnet stockings and six inch stilletto pumps at all times.
    She had to scrub floors, wash windows, prepare all the meals, answer the
    door, take all the phone calls... even take care of some of the other human
    properties. But at least she was allowed to sleep indoors. 
The animal was envious of all that dwelled in the house,
    no matter how rigidly they were worked or how hungry they were kept... if
    nothing else, they were at least allowed to be on their feet at times. The
    one now known as dog was never permitted to stand. It was always made to
    be on all fours, or at least on it's knees (which were now known as it's
    hind legs). It's hands were referred to as paws and it was never allowed
    to speak. It could only make animal sounds or bark, when it's Master felt
    like humiliating it even more. It resented the other females. They were treated
    better than it, and so became like it's Mistresses, as well. 
The maid's duty was to bring it fresh water daily and
    bring it supper, when the Master didn't feel like doing it Himself. The maid
    also squirted it daily with the scalding hot water from the hose outside,
    and once a week, it's Master would take it inside and bathe it roughly in
    the tub with soap and shampoo. The maid was then ordered to comb through
    it's thick, knotted hair. 
To most, the treatment of this poor pet would seem inhuman
    and extremely abusive. Even to the possession, itself, it seemed that way.
    Sometimes, it would even cry itself to sleep, craving some affection or just
    any attention, good or bad. It cried from loneliness and from being used
    as a whipping post and an animal. Yet, the sub was constantly wet between
    the legs. Occasionally, it's Master would come out and check on it, making
    sure it was not beginning to go mad from neglect and loneliness, and to see
    if it was still obedient and loyal through it's sex. It always was. In fact,
    its hungry orifice gushed at the meer sight of it's Master. It became excited
    and frenzied when it saw Him. The pet was an experiment to Him... He wanted
    to make an animal out of a human. He wanted a completely loyal and obedient
    pet. He sought to make one through His first slave. It had already undergone
    extensive slave training and was then taken through a series of other exercises
    that one would normally only put a dog through. The female was taught things
    such as paper training, learning tricks, sitting up and begging, learning
    to walk properly on a leash, learning commands such as heel, sit, stay, speak...
    all humiliating, and yet, disturbingly arousing for the slavedog. 
When it's Master did pay attention to it, it was always
    kind and somewhat affectionate attention. He would allow it to lap at His
    feet and then permit it up on it's back legs to suck Him off. His cum was
    indeed the animal's treat. It craved it and lived for it. It was the reward
    which made everything else seem endurable. Though it was hardly ever used
    vaginally or anally, it was given free reign to masturbate as it saw fit.
    It's Master's logic was that if it was only an animal, it was allowed certain
    carnal animalistic rights. Rights that the others did not have. So, that's
    the way it whiled away it's long, lonely hours, pleasuring itself to climax
    after climax, imagining that there was someone else touching it, or at least
    that someone else was watching as it played. It developed a strong sense
    of imagination and fantasy through the many days of isolation. On rainy days,
    it slept and thought of different places to go, if just in it's own mind.
    On sunny days, it fancied itself being at a beach, and laid out in the sun,
    taking in all it glorious, free beams. The rusty chain padlocked to it's
    nylon collar prevented it from actually leaving or doing any of the things
    that it imagined. But to it, imagining them was probably better than actually
    experiencing anyway. Besides, even if it was to be freed, it would have no
    place to go and no better life anywhere else. It's social skills and personality
    had already deteriorated to the point of no return, and who would look after
    it? It was just better to stay and remain loyal to its Master. There was
    always the occasional chance that He would want to use it as more than a
    pet. 
Once, He had taken it inside His house and after giving
    it a thorough cleansing, had it service Him on His couch. He sat back as
    the pet climbed on top of Him and was allowed to fuck to it's cunt's content.
    Again, it was given free permission of as many orgasms as it saw fit. The
    man held a rolled up newspaper on it's ass and smacked it with it the entire
    time, making it bark loudly, calling it a dog in heat, and making it whimper
    just like one. Of course, the bitch came and came with the enthusiasm of
    a cock starved slut. Which, in truth, it actually was. Unfortunately, instances
    such as that were few and far between. Normally, it was just whipped, neglected
    and occasionally fed a small amount of sperm. Even that was hindered, sometimes.
    At times, its Master would deposit His cum into the slave's mouth, and tell
    it that it must hold it. He would then leave for an hour or two and then
    return to insure that His pet did not allow a single drop to slide down it's
    throat. It would be nearly choking on the amount of fluid in it's mouth...
    the cum mixed with it's own saliva. It's lips would be moist and there would
    be droplets of drool and cum pooling at the corners of its mouth. Its Master
    would laugh upon His return and pet its head before allowing it to swallow.
    This was its life. And though, not filled with friends or even of leaving
    its' minuscule area of confinement, it could not imagine a more simple, humble
    or satisfactory existence. To it, the simplicity was well worth the hardship.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kaja_m


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





