BDSM Library - Rituals Story




Rituals Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Real life past and present experiences of a woman named Ritual.Chapter One  
Breaking in Ritual  
&#9;I had been sexually active since I was about 5 years old. I discovered
  the sacred art of giving myself an orgasm when I was four. I never knew the
  magic little bud I use to rub to bring me to orgasm was called a clit until
  I was about 10. I use to steal my dad&rsquo;s porn magazines and then rub myself
  to an earth shattering orgasm all the while fantasizing about the beautiful
  women playing with themselves in the pictures.  
&#9;Ever since that first orgasm I wanted, no, more like needed to learn everything
  there was to know about how to pleasure myself. I was so uninhibited and also
  uneducated. I was so turned on by women and still had no real interest in boys,
  (for there was never a man in any of the pictures in the magazines I was stealing)
  I would soon learn how another person could make you feel so good. Not long
  after I discovered the orgasm, I was soon taught what a grown mans cock looked,
  felt and tasted like.  
&#9;I come from a big Asian family, which has a lot of mixed marriages. One
  of my uncles that married into our family obviously liked them young and found
  that I was too his liking. One night, he was babysitting my sisters and me.
  My sisters were asleep and he approached me. He told me he wanted to teach
  me some things and it was very important that I be very quiet when he showed
  me so we wouldn&rsquo;t disturb anybody&rsquo;s sleep. He said I shouldn&rsquo;t
  yell, scream, or cry because this would not hurt, in fact it would feel really
  really good. I started to feel scared as he pushed my tiny body against the
  back of the couch and started to caress my tummy lightly. I was apprehensive
  at first but he told me to just close my eyes, relax and enjoy the feeling
  of his touch. My apprehension started to slip away as his soft caress&rsquo;s
  moved further down my body.  
&#9;I felt him undue the button on my pants then the zipper as his hand kept
  lightly massaging further and further downwards. I was starting to rhythmically
  pump my hips up and down off the couch hoping he knew about that magical little
  spot between my legs. This all came so natural to me. His hand finally found
  my tiny little clit. I know he knew I was his by now. He worked at my bud and
  in no time my body was shaking with an orgasm. He covered my small mouth so
  nobody would hear. He was trembling with excitement. I don&rsquo;t think he
  believed he could get me to orgasm, let alone me not freaking out with what
  he was doing to me.  
&#9;He knelt on the couch next to me, him on his knees. Without moving his
  hand away he undid his own pants with his other hand and got his underwear
  and pants down around his hips. This whole time my eyes were still closed.
  He told me to open my eyes and when I did, I found his rock hard cock staring
  me in the face. I didn&rsquo;t know what to do, he told me to touch it a little.
  At the time it looked so huge and pink, then I saw his balls I swear they were
  bulging. So I took one hand and just sort of grabbed it. He moaned gently and
  said, &ldquo;That&rsquo;s right baby, just hold on to it.&rdquo; I could barely
  get my tiny hand around it. I knew I was making him feel good by the way he
  moaned and the look on his face. At that moment all I wanted to do was please
  him.  
&#9;He instructed me to use my other hand also, it was difficult in that position
  so he moved me around a bit and he finally got off the couch and knelt in front
  of me. He had me teetering on the edge of the couch so I could hold onto his
  cock and he could still touch my pussy. He had totally taken my pants off and
  spread my legs wide so he could have full access to my tiny snatch. He grabbed
  my hands and showed me how to stroke his shaft up and down also how to squeeze
  the head of his cock. I discovered the faster I pumped his cock the faster
  he would rub my clit. I had never felt like this and at that moment that&rsquo;s
  all I wanted. I found myself again trembling and on the verge of cumming, his
  hand was now slick with my young juices, he stroked my pussy expertly, up and
  down my young slit. He knew I was about to cum again then slowed a bit to keep
  me on edge, so I started stroking faster and faster. His hips started to buck
  back and forth as he started to softly grunt. I was racked again with another
  orgasm and then a split second later he grabbed my hands to make sure I wouldn&rsquo;t
  let go and shot his seed all over me. He got it in my hair all over my face,
  tummy and bald little pussy.  
After he came he saw I was just staring in amazement
  at his cock. He just gazed down at me with this grin, his mind drinking in
  the scene I imagine. He just kept staring and smiling for what seemed a lifetime
  and then moved my hands away. He said that is how a man cums. I didn&rsquo;t
  understand his statement and I guess it showed on my face. He explained these
  really good feelings I just had was called an orgasm or cumming and that&rsquo;s
  how I cum. Him ejaculating is how he cums. He dabbed a finger into his cum
  that was located right above my slit and instructed me to open my mouth. I
  did and he slid his finger into my mouth and said suck it. It tasted a bit
  salty and a bit slimy but not bad at all. He asked if I liked the taste. I
  said &ldquo;yes, a little.&rdquo; In my small voice. Then said &ldquo;Cum tastes
  a lot better when it&rsquo;s warm and fresh, you&rsquo;ll soon find that out.&rdquo;  
 He got up went to the bathroom to clean up, then
  he brought out a warm wet rag and cleaned me off. As soon as I was clean again
  he opened my legs and cupped my pussy with his hand then leaned over to whisper
  in my ear. &ldquo;Did you enjoy yourself?&rdquo; I nodded. &ldquo;Good, would
  you like to do this again?&rdquo; another nod from me. &ldquo;Now Ritual, we
  must keep this a secret, understand? We must never tell anyone about this ever,
  ok?&rdquo; I nodded. He removed his hand and kissed my forehead. Then he helped
  me get dressed. It was getting late so he turned the T.V. on sat on the couch
  and told me to lie down. He pulled me up so I could lay my head down in his
  lap and I fell asleep to him stroking and smoothing out my hair. Thus begins
  my sexual education.  
Chapter 2  
Rituals First Bi-Experience  
&#9;My next sexual encounter was with another little girl from around the
  neighborhood. We were both 5 years old and the youngest of both of our families.
  She had 2 older brothers and I had 3 older sisters. She would tell me how she
  would secretly spy on her mom and dad having sex. I only had that one encounter
  with my uncle and had no clue what real sex was like. She told me that she
  would show me. I took her to my dad&rsquo;s camper and we locked the door behind
  us. She said when she laid down I should lie on top of her. So we did this
  and as all young girls do, we started to giggle. I asked if that&rsquo;s all
  they did and she said no. I should start pumping my hips up and down. So I
  started to and then stopped a after a few seconds and looked at her and started
  to giggle again. That&rsquo;s all I inquired? She said maybe I should start
  kissing her. Now I knew how to kiss because when we moved to that town my sisters
  and everyone in the neighborhood played kissing games soon paired me up with
  a little boy my age and I got a lot of practice.  
&#9;I even knew how to french kiss. I kissed her closed moth first. Then I
  felt her open her mouth and I felt her tongue seeking entrance into mine, so
  I opened my mouth and our tongues starting dueling. I have to admit that all
  this was getting me really excited. By now I had figured out that girls should
  only kiss boys. I knew deep down that girls kissing girls was, well&hellip;.
  forbidden and taboo. So obviously it got me more excited. She stopped kissing
  me, pulled away and said when her parents have sex they have no clothes on.
  I was a little in shock by what she was implying and wasn&rsquo;t sure what
  to do. Eventually my curiosity got the better of me and she talked me into
  it. Next thing you know we were both naked staring at each other&rsquo;s bald
  little pussies. We didn&rsquo;t even have peach fuzz on our snatches yet. She
  lay down and I crawled on top of her. She told me to hump her like I was doing
  before. So there I was, me humping my cute little blonde girlfriend butt naked.
  She pulled my head down and soon our tongues were locked in passionate kiss.  
&#9;I was starting to get horny pumping my little pussy against hers. In no
  time we were laying side-by-side, legs scissored open rubbing out pubescent
  snatches against each other&rsquo;s. I t was getting really slippery down there
  and I felt myself starting to build to my climax. I think she was about there
  too because she started to thrust back and forth, faster and faster. We came
  together moaning in pleasure and clutching each other while we were racked
  with a fantastic orgasm. We were sweaty, panting, and caressing each other
  now. After we caught our breath we started kissing and intent on doing it again,
  then my oldest sister started yelling for me to come in and have dinner. We
  quickly got dressed and kissed one last time and left the camper. Still high
  from the experience, I came in ate quickly and went to take a bath. As I lay
  there in the warm water I played with my pussy until I cam again while reliving
  my first bi-sexual experience.  
Chapter 3 
More Background on Ritual 
&#9;The next few experiences with my dear sweet uncle were basically the same;
  he even trained me hot to suck cock. (I will write more chapters about my younger
  experiences if asked) By the time I was 8, I think I had experienced more orgasms
  then most 50-year-old women. My uncle eventually divorced my aunt and I was
  left to my own devices. He never went further then me sucking him off and him
  fingering my slit. Not once did his finger slip inside me. So he left my cherry
  intact for someone else to take. I would regularly masturbate and when I could
  steal some of dads&rsquo; magazines I would pleasure myself to the pictures
  of the pretty women in them. My blonde little friend never approached me ever
  again; I was somewhat disappointed in that. During the years between 8 &ndash; 10
  I lost my cherry in a rape. (Another story all together) 
&#9;I finally hit junior high and was lost in my own little world. Never quite
  fitting in to any crowd like all of us remember. I felt so much older and mature
  then the other kids. All of them just learning how to kiss, and here I was
  a veteran at giving blowjobs. I had absolutely no interest in the boys there.
  They were so, well, boyish. I yearned for experienced hands touching me. 7 th grade
  was uneventful. I remember cutting the last day of school that year and my
  whole life changed. It felt so bad and naughty ditching school, I started doing
  it a lot the next couple of years. Anyway, over the summer my sister that was
  in high school at the time brought some of her friends over. There was this
  boy who was 16 years old and I was 12. I was infatuated with him. I would bug
  the hell out of him every time he came over to the house. It took all summer
  but I finally talked him into having sex with me. I was nervous I only had
  sex a few times before and once unwillingly. The other times it was with inexperienced
  boys who came to fast and had no idea what it meant to pleasure each other. 
&#9;We fucked a lot, and I was happier with this relationship then any other
  I had. We saw each other for a while then broke it off. I had a few more relations,
  then got back with the guy I talked into having sex with me when I was 12.
  I moved out of the house and in with him when I was 15 and moved back in with
  my parents when I was 18. The three missing years consisted of the nothing
  more then raw unadulterated sex. I started going to swing parties, partner
  swapping, bi-encounters, group sex, etc&hellip; Lets just say, I am very surprised
  I have never contracted a venereal disease, HIV, AIDS, raped more, or killed
  during this time. I have had many lovers, men and women. More then any one
  person would have in a lifetime before I hit the age of 18. Through my tentative
  years I tried everything imaginable except BDSM. (There are things I would
  never try like, children and animals. It just does nothing for me) the relationship
  I had with this guy ended, and I grew a bit tiresome of the games we played.
  I wasted time and needed to get back on track with my life. I was also looking
  for commitment now, something I wasn&rsquo;t very interested in with the last
  guy, I was also uneducated, and an adult now, needing to get my life back on
  track. I went back to school, finished got a job, made new friends and started
  my new life. So begins the next chapter in my life. 
Chapter 4  
My Soul Mate  
&#9;I finally met my soul mate at 18 and he was 19. I always dated older men
  thinking that they would be able to give me what I was looking for and needed
  and it was always the opposite result. I mean I was dating men in their late
  30&rsquo;s early 40&rsquo;s and talk about the disappointment I felt. I was
  more then ready to settle down now. We dated for about 1 month before he would
  have sex with me. I tried everything to seduce him, I finally asked him point
  blank why he didn&rsquo;t want to fuck me and he responded that he wanted our
  relationship built on trust and friendship rather then sex. I was taken aback,
  that was the last thing I expected him to say. I felt ecstatic. After we finally
  had sex (which meant we fucked like rabbits for a month and it was the sweet
  innocent kind of sex, that fairytale book characters have) it took only a month
  for me to move in with him.  
&#9;We got married and I found myself pregnant. I gave birth and our sex life
  was still there but getting a bit stale. Fairytale is good but not forever.
  I think most intelligent people are always looking for more in every aspect
  of their lives, especially sex. I had some interest in BDSM from prior relations
  but I never really went anywhere with it. My husband was a shy and timid kind
  of guy especially when it came to sex and he was always sure never to hurt
  me in anyway during sex. At the time little did I know that he harbored some
  of the same ideas and fantasies I did. One day I asked if he would tie me up.
  Astonished but ever willing to please me he cuffed me and I was incredibly
  turned on by that. We fucked until dawn. I knew I had to have more, and so
  did he. We both needed more. The next evening I started to talk about what
  we did and next thing you know were fucking our brains out. We decided that
  night that we would be starting a new phase in our sexual relationship.  
&#9;Our first session was a very touchy one. He didn&rsquo;t really want to
  hurt me and I wasn&rsquo;t all that sure of my pain tolerance. We were young
  and inexperienced so we went very light not knowing what we liked yet. We tried
  some spanking, slapping, and humiliation. I found I liked the humiliation a
  lot. I liked being called whore, slut, cunt, bitch, etc&hellip; It especially
  turned me on when he claimed me as his property and nobody else&rsquo;s. He
  also told me if he were to find out I was giving myself to anyone else in any
  way, shape or form I would truly pay dearly. I almost came when he said that.
  We played our little games when we could which was quite often, I even tied
  him up once, and we soon found out that he had no taste for that. He enjoyed
  being able to control me. So it was forged, I was to be the trainee and him
  the trainer.  
Chapter 5  
Up To Now  
&#9;(For the stories sake, you will know me as Ritual and my husband as Magick)
  For the first few years of our marriage we played little bondage games. Both
  of us secretly yearning for bondage to turn into S&amp;M. We experimented with
  toys, and light bondage. Then about six years ago while he was taking pictures
  of my pussy stuffed with a dildo I confessed that I wanted to have my snatch
  filled with a different assortment of objects. I was so apprehensive telling
  Magick this, I almost didn&rsquo;t for fear he would think I was a freak. To
  my delight he confessed to wanting to try the same thing.  
&#9;So it went, we experimented with many different things, vegetables, and
  objects around the house. I got off thinking of my pussy being violated with
  inanimate objects. Magick loved using veggies and bottles. Beer bottles are
  his favorite, but he can never get me past the neck. No matter how hard he
  tried, almost to the point of breaking the bottle. Magick now likes using the
  long neck bottles. Nonetheless, even seeing me with a beer bottle partially
  in my pussy is enough to get us both in a fucking frenzy.  
&#9;Then I thought it was time, I approached Magick and asked him point blank
  if he would get rougher with me. There was a look of shock mixed with pleasure
  on his face. He sat me down and told me that he had wanted to do this for some
  time. He loved our light sessions and wanted to take it further but when he
  tried I would tell him it hurt and he would stop. He was beside himself and
  agreed whole-heartedly. I was a bit discouraged as that day wore on though;
  he kept to himself and seldom talked to me as we went about our day. Little
  did I know he was planning what he was going to do to me that night. We started
  that night both of us knowing that this was going to be totally something different.  
&#9;He tied me down to the bed and tried some asphyxiation play. I found I
  loved to be asphyxiated during sex. The feel of his hand closing around my
  neck, him squeezing my trachea, barely getting enough air on the verge of passing
  out as he pounds his meat into my pussy. I also found I loved being bound in
  many positions, then things started getting a little rougher, a really hard
  slap on my ass, slap across the face, Magick trying to access my pain boundaries
  and then surpass them. We played our games more and more frequently. Magick
  finally managed to get me past prior boundaries and my pain tolerance went
  up. He could now back hand me hard and draw blood from the hit and I would
  cum on the spot. I was becoming a pain whore. I thought this whole time this
  experimentation was mutual. I had no Idea that he&rsquo;d been plotting, planning
  and training me. I was so na&iuml;ve. He was enslaving me to his will and I
  had no idea.  
&#9;We started using hot candle wax during play. The first few times we used
  it, we used it on my tits, then eventually my pussy, next on my clit. The pain
  was most excruciating and as the third or forth drop hit my clit I came, screaming
  and creaming. He took me in the ass that night, violently. I was racked with
  orgasm after orgasm. The next time we played we started using code words because
  he wanted to start taking me to pain levels I could only dream about.  
Anticipation has always been my downfall and Magick
  knew this. He told me earlier during the day that he was going to cut me and
  I should prepare myself. I was intoxicated with the rush of feelings I was
  experiencing. I felt scared, very scared, turned on, curious, I wasn&rsquo;t
  sure if I could take that kind of pain yet. The time arrived for us to begin,
  I almost backed out, but so happy that I didn&rsquo;t. He instructed me to
  lie on the bed, so he could bind me. He didn&rsquo;t want me jerking around
  while he tried to cut me and really hurt myself. He was getting pretty good
  at tying me up in new positions that would cause me the most pain with the
  least amount of bruising. He loves the position where I am hog-tied upper arm
  to ankles bent backwards. Tits and pussy jutted upwards like offerings on an
  alter. That night he used a razor blade on my tits. Cutting me here and there,
  I was cumming all over myself by the time he cut me the 4 th time.  
&#9;We would role-play rape scenes, he would take me violently. After beating
  me around a bit, he once used a lit cigarette on my tits and tummy. He even
  burned both of my nipples. I was in a daze of pleasure as he took me violently
  that night. We even had to turn our home stereo system up really loud to drown
  out my screams of pain and pleasure.  
&#9;We played these games for a while. Then real life kicked back in again
  (like it inevitably does) so we played every so often and not as nearly as
  much as we would have liked until our lives got so busy that our sex games
  became a distant memory. We have recently just started playing the game again.
  Once more we are trying to rebuild my pain levels. It has been about 4 years
  since we really last played. During the time we weren&rsquo;t really all that
  active I got my tongue and nipples pierced in hopes that we would some day
  start to pursue our old passion. The girl, who pierced my nipples to my delight,
  played with them and got them really engorged and erect. It hurt like hell
  but I came each time she pierced me. She knew exactly what she was doing. This
  was 2 years ago and back then I knew some way or another I would find my way
  back into the alternative lifestyle.  
&#9;Now sets the stage for the present, I hope you have enjoyed my life up
  to now as much as I have and has at least got you the reader a bit hot under
  the collar and I hope you keep coming back for more. I will be adding chapters
  to my story. Each chapter will depict each session I have from now on and you
  can see how my training is progressing. I hope to become a Switch, but I only
  have one master and that is Magick, I hope to be getting a few slaves of my
  own soon, for thoughts of enslaving someone else has always appealed to me.
  If perhaps your interested in other details of my life, like my real rapes
  or parts of my life when I was intimate with other men and women and, groups
  sex, etc&hellip; I may be persuaded to write chapters on that if I get enough
  requests. I am not even sure that this site will publish this story&hellip; Here&rsquo;s
  to hoping.  
Ritual  
Chapter 6&#9;&#9;&#9;(Jan 2, 2004)   
Rituals New beginning   
I was sitting
    at the computer when he walked in, I could feel his gaze upon me. I looked
    up from the Internet story I was reading. As our eyes met, he told me to
    undress. I could tell by the sternness in his voice that I was in for it
    tonight. I got up and promptly undressed before him, once I was down to my
    birthday suit he said, &ldquo;Good, now get on the bed.&rdquo; I was starting
    to get into it and was more then happy to oblige him.   
(Now there
    is something you should know before I go any further, we have been dabbling
    with this alternative life style since we met, a little over a decade ago
    and have enjoyed pushing each other little by little. But our games came
    in spurts, life not permitting us to really get into it. You see, I found
    this wonderful site that had thousands of stories about this life style and
    most have taken my breath away, and although the majority of them are fantasy
    it has made me want to challenge and go past my own boundaries. I also sent
    Magick this site a couple of weeks ago, and it seems to have awoken the sadist
    in him again. He has been waiting a very long time for me to want to test
    my limits and has been looking forward to this for a while. (Now that you
    have some background, back to the story)   
I lay on
    the bed face down and out of no where, catching me totally off guard I hear
    the whiz of something slicing through the air and a split second later I
    feel this amazing hot flash of pain across the top of my ass cheeks. (We
    have played with the cat of nine tails before but he had never hit me so
    hard, they have always been light blows) My body stiffened from the pain
    and I couldn&rsquo;t speak, it hurt so badly. He just watched as I writhed
    in pain and I couldn&rsquo;t help but start to cry softly. He then told me
    to sit up. Teary eyed I turned over and sat up. I felt my nipples start to
    harden as I sat there waiting, not knowing what he was going to do next.
    I was a little bit afraid, he has never started out like this and I was totally
    caught unprepared. Yet I was starting to get excited the fear and the pain
    was delicious to me.   
I sat on
    the bed and he grabbed one wrist and tied a thin cotton rope around it, then
    he did the same to the other he did the same to both of my ankles. At the
    end of each rope was a mountain climber&rsquo;s clip. He then instructed
    me that I would call him sir. (Something else I have never done before, mainly
    because he didn&rsquo;t like it he liked to keep things light. That&rsquo;s
    when I knew he was going to be testing limits) From under the bed there appeared
    ropes that I hadn&rsquo;t seen before and he clipped the ropes around my
    wrists above my head to these. (The fear I was feeling seemed as if it were
    in the distant past and I was ready for more. No, I was hungry for more.)
    Afterwards he gazed down at me, the look he gave me told me he was getting
    aroused. I was feeling almost giddy that I was capable of giving him such
    arousal. I couldn&rsquo;t believe how easily I was falling into the sub role
    again and so fast, I wanted to please him, I needed to please him, and I
    wanted him then and there. I couldn&rsquo;t believe how wet I was already
    after all he had only entered the room a mere 3 minutes ago.   
He then got
    to work on my legs. At first I thought he was going to tie me up in a spread
    eagle position and them have his way with me. I was so wrong. He took one
    leg and pulled it out like he was going to just spread my legs really wide
    then he went up off the bed and up towards my arms. I thought, now this was
    interesting. He proceeded to do the same with the other. He got up and grabbed
    the leather cat of nine tales he used earlier on me and he let it slide up
    and down across my breasts and tummy. With a flick of his wrist he hit one
    tit then the other not nearly as hard as he did my ass, but hard enough to
    sting my nipples. It made my nipples tall and erect making themselves easier
    targets for the cat of nine tails to find. It felt wonderful! Then I saw
    him glance down at my snatch, for a moment or two I became scared again.   
I heard the
    whistle of the cat slicing the air, *  SMACK
    * aaahhhh&hellip;.   a lot
    harder then the abuse my tits took but not as hard as the first strapping
    I took lying on my tummy. The pain was great but not blinding. *  SMACK
    *   again and again and
    again. I was trying to move but my bonds were to tight and I&rsquo;m not
    nearly as limber as I use to be. All I could do was take it. My cunt was
    starting to feel abused and my pussy lips started to throb some. He then
    stopped and started to pet my cunt, slowly he ran his finger down my slit
    and discovered I was sopping wet. He couldn&rsquo;t believe how wet I had
    gotten and neither could I. He grabbed one of my tits and squeezed hard then
    leaned in close so we were face to face and informed me of my current condition.
    He then dipped his finger further down between my pussy lips and scooped
    up an amazing amount of my pussy juice onto his finger. He raised his finger
    to my face and said, &ldquo;I know how much you like the smell of your own
    cunt and smeared the gob all over my mouth and under my nose. I could smell
    my own arousal and he knew how much my cunt smell turns me on.   
I started
    to get hotter and couldn&rsquo;t wait to feel what he would do to me next.
    My head was spinning I was getting so excited&hellip;.   
He grabbed
    my ball gag after he saw how much my own pussy juice turned me on. He took
    the ball and started to rub it up and down my cunt lips. Then he started
    to violate my pussy with it. It hurt having him shove the ball hard into
    me, my gag has metal clasps that hold the leather strips in place that tie
    around my head, it was painful him trying to force it past my lips, my juice
    was steadily getting all over the gag now, the more he worked the gag, the
    more my pussy lips opened up to him, he finally managed to get it directly
    above my cunt hole and I could hear the wet sounds from it being pushed over
    and over again trying to make it enter me. I felt some tremors from deep
    inside me starting to build and as he forced the ball slightly into my pussy
    I started to fucking cum all over the ball. I wanted so much for him to actually
    get that ball inside me and fuck me hard with it. But it couldn&rsquo;t go
    any further. It didn&rsquo;t matter much because I came anyway. I couldn&rsquo;t
    believe how hard I came while he was trying to rape my cunt with that damn
    gag. The ball was soaked with my cream, he then inspected it and shoved the
    ball into my mouth and secured the ball gag tightly around my head.   
He started
    to whip at my pussy again, just hard enough to tease it and he would either
    twist and wrench my nipples or bite down on them hard. He was all over me,
    switching positions every few seconds as I just lied there and moaned. He
    did this for a few minutes and after he felt I sucked all my juices from
    the gag he undid the gag. He loves to hear me scream and beg he can never
    leave that gag in for long. My legs and arms were starting to get sore and
    I kept pleading with him to untie me. He ignored my requests and started
    to play with my pussy. God it felt so good, he mauled and bit my tits while
    his hand played in my wet slit. He would get me so close to coming then stop.
    Occasionally he would bring his fingers up from my cunt drenched in my juices
    and demand me to lick them clean, which I did happily. Pretty soon the bedroom
    was filled with the smell of a wet horny pussy.   
He stopped
    and got up. There was going to be another surprise for me this night. He
    knows I love to be choked while having sex so he grabbed another length of
    rope, which was made with a very soft fibrous material but very strong and
    made a slip knot. He made a loop at the end big enough to slip over my head
    easily and he slipped it over my head and down to my neck, there he tightened
    it down snug. My arms and legs were getting really tired and I was screaming
    for him to let me out. He knew that this was an exploratory venture to find
    out my limits again, he let me take the pussy&rsquo;s way out and untied
    me. He untied one side and pushed me over so I could lie on my side and said, &ldquo;Feel
    better? Does it hurt?&rdquo; I said yes and he said &ldquo;Good&rdquo; then
    he went around to the other side and undid the other bonds. I couldn&rsquo;t
    believe how sore my body was, but a good sore. I had been bound a lot longer
    then I have ever been bound before in my life. I was proud of myself.   
I lay there
    stretching then relaxing it felt good to loosen up the muscles again. He
    gave me a minute breather then said &ldquo;On your knees bitch&rdquo; I still
    had ropes tied to my wrists and ankles and when I went to get up I fell face
    first into the bed. He had attached the ropes from my ankles to my wrists.
    I hadn&rsquo;t noticed. He pulled me up so I was on my hands and knees; he
    then took the rope that was around my neck, which was dangling in front of
    me. He grabbed the rope from between my legs and pulled it up behind me.
    I could feel the rope cutting into my cunt, pressing hard against my clit
    and puckered asshole and then he pulled so hard that I bent even farther
    forward. He kept lifting and lifting, I thought the rope would eventually
    slice through my pussy and ass and half me right through. Then he said &ldquo;On
    your feet bitch.&rdquo; As I tried to rise he kept a lethal hold on the rope
    so there was always tension there. I got up, stepped off the bed and he pushed
    me over and said on all fours. There I was bent over on fingertips and tiptoes.
    He barked &ldquo;WALK&rdquo; He led me around the room like this, if I didn&rsquo;t
    move fast enough all he had to do was pull on the rope and it would tighten
    around my neck, which would rope burn my cunt and asshole. I felt so humiliated
    with my ass and pussy thrust up in the air like that and being led around
    like a dog.   
He finally
    had enough of that game and told me to stand. He pushed me onto the bed and
    started to maul my cunt and tits again. He asked me if I had prepared my
    toys for use? I had forgotten that earlier in the evening he had asked me
    to do this. He said &ldquo;Well? What are you waiting for?&rdquo; So I got
    up and grabbed my toy kit. (That&rsquo;s what I like to call it. It consists
    of a few dildos some big some small, and an assortment of vibrators.) When
    I came back with my kit he took me and threw my on the bed. He grabbed my
    double-headed dildo and plunged it deep into my cunt. I couldn&rsquo;t help
    but start to cum. After I had an earth shattering orgasm he started to plunge
    the fake rubber cock into me deeper and deeper. I could feel it banging against
    my uterus. It hurt and I swore he must have had the whole damn dildo buried
    inside me. Then I started to cum again. My pussy tightened up so much he
    could barely move that fake cock in and out. After I climaxed he took the
    dildo out and said he was proud of me. I took almost 10 of the 24 inches,
    which is more then I have ever been able to take. I could now see lust in
    his eyes. He stood up and undressed, he was rock hard. He leaned forward
    so his fat cock was staring at me in the face. He handed me the dildo and
    said &ldquo;Fuck yourself with this&rdquo; I inserted the dildo back into
    my pussy and started to pump away, he then guided my head to his cock and
    I took him eagerly into my mouth. He had drops of pre-cum just at the tip
    and I sucked it into my mouth savoring the taste. As I started down his shaft
    I was racked with another orgasm. He took the dildo away from me so I could
    concentrate on his cock. I was taking his cock in inch by inch. He started
    to push my head down further (Which is another fucking major turn on for
    me, a man making me suck his cock and raping my throat) I almost came with
    just him doing that. He let me take him slowly. As I exhaled I went up his
    shaft and as I breathed in I would go down all the way letting my chin rest
    on his balls and letting my throat message his cock. He loves it when I deep
    throat him but he doesn&rsquo;t let me do that very much. He doesn&rsquo;t
    want me to get use to doing it, he likes it when I choke on him, and I have
    to admit I like it more that way to.   
After letting
    me choke on his cock for about 10 minutes he pushed me away and told me to
    get into doggie. I absolutely love doggie position. I scramble into position
    and he slowly made his way up to mount me. My pussy dripping all over the
    bed needing his rock hard cock inside me. He finally mounts me and slips
    his cock in, he slips into me slowly, as I beg and plead for him to rip me
    to pieces. He stops when he&rsquo;s against my uterus. I feel his heartbeat
    through his cock, he slowly slides himself almost all the way out then he
    slams it back in&hellip; harder and harder as I&rsquo;m racked with orgasm
    upon orgasm. He starts asking how his little fuck hole likes his cock. I
    scream I love his cock&hellip; Oops wrong answer. I didn&rsquo;t answer him
    correctly. He takes his cock out and tells me of my mistake and I need to
    be punished. He tells me not to turn around or move. He reaches for something
    on the bed and then I feel him enter me again. Slow and gentle, I was wondering
    what was going on&hellip;I thought he said he was going to punish me&hellip;.
    He grabs my ass and he reminds me that I shouldn&rsquo;t move and I should
    stay as still as possible.   
I feel this
    white-hot pain, slowly being drug down the side of my right ass cheek&hellip; I
    hadn&rsquo;t felt this kind of pain in years. I realize that I&rsquo;m being
    cut about half way through the first cut. I held my breath; the pain was
    terrible because it was being administered very slowly. I was starting to
    shake, and then it ended. He reminded me again of what he said and another
    slow painful cut . . . I started shaking more and a light sheen of sweat
    was starting to cover my body&hellip; The first cut really hurt, the second
    hurt but it was starting to turn me on, the pain was turning itself into
    pleasure. I stopped holding my breath and breathing deeply in and out. The
    third cut I let go mentally and just enjoyed the way the knife tore me open,
    I started to feel a wet warm trickle from my cuts and a small moan escaped
    my lips. On the forth cut I started to cum, feeling my pussy tighten around
    his cock and Magick taken by what he was doing to me, his excitement was
    starting to build. Magick started to pump hid cock in and out of me slowly
    again. He kind of cut me a bit deep towards the end, which made me cum hard.   
As he ripped my pussy apart with his
    cock he squeezed the ass cheek he cut and a fresh trickle of blood flowed.
    He wiped the blood up with one finger, with the other hand he pulled on my
    noose and my head flew back, all the while pounding his meat into me. He
    said, &ldquo;If you like the way your pussy tastes, you&rsquo;ll love this!&rdquo; He
    stuck his bloody finger into my mouth. At first it didn&rsquo;t register
    what I tasted, then it hit me, I tasted my own blood. I couldn&rsquo;t believe
    how fucking hot that had gotten me. The mere thought made me cum. I could
    feel my own cream and blood sliding down my pussy lips and onto my inner
    thighs.   
&#9;Magick kept asking me questions.
    Like if his little Fuck Hole was enjoying herself. If I liked the way he
    made me cum&hellip;etc all the while fucking me into frenzy of orgasm after
    orgasm. I couldn&rsquo;t keep up with his questions; he knew this, he wanted
    to torture me one last time before he came. He called me on my mistake again.
    He pulled all the way out of my pussy. Me panting&hellip;. Not knowing what
    he was going to do to me next. Not caring, just as long as I kept feeling
    like this. I feel him pushing up against me, hoping he was going to keep
    fucking me till I passed out. Then, &ldquo;Your going to have to pay for
    your mistake&rdquo; He grabs both ass cheeks and pulls them apart. &ldquo;This
    may hurt a bit&rdquo; What he said didn&rsquo;t register till a split second
    later. He let the head of his cock just rest on the rim of my asshole. He
    gave me the few seconds I needed to let register what he was going to do.
    (I have enjoyed many nights of anal pleasure, but he always prepared me,
    stretching me a bit with his fingers first)   
&#9;I realize what he has just suggested.
    I have never had my ass taken by force before like that. I was at least somewhat
    prepared. I started to beg for him to not do it. Pleaded for the better part
    of a minute. The more I pleaded the more aroused he became. Then he said, &ldquo;You
    have to learn&rdquo; and in one hard, massive thrust he buried his cock into
    my ass&hellip; I shot forward almost shooting my body off the bed out of
    pure reaction to the pain. This pain was perhaps the most pain I have ever
    felt in my life. He literally tore my ass apart. I fell forward on the bed
    writhing for the better part of a minute weeping uncontrollably. The scream
    I just let out was perhaps the most sincere scream of pain that he or I has
    ever heard. After I recovered a bit he told me to assume my prior position.
    He was ready to release now. After the initial wave of pain, I was surprised
    to find myself more turned on by what I just experienced and wanted him inside
    of me, no; I needed him to be inside me again.   
&#9;Seeing a bit of blood at the rim
    of my asshole, Magick left my ass alone for fear of doing more damage to
    it. He takes my pussy again. Pounding it hard, I think secretly hoping to
    tear into my uterus. I was over come by the pounding my pussy was taking
    and the pain I just endured, cumming and creaming again. My pussy tightening
    and clutching at his cock every time I came. He finally pulled out of me
    and exploded hard, his seed spraying all over my back, ass, on my pussy,
    shooting up into my hair. I was covered in his cum. I fell onto the bed,
    lying there as still as possibly can be feeling the last of my orgasm fade
    away. I was sore, in some pain, but I felt so good, so alive. Magick got
    up and cleaned himself up, then came back over to me to inspect his handy
    work. He told me he was very proud of me, he said he took me places that
    even when my pain tolerance was up he would never go there. He started to
    clean me up and after he was done cleaning me up he showed me the cuts he
    made and the welts I had. I was so pleased with myself, I was proud. Not
    once did I code out of what he did to me. I hope in our next session he can
    take me further.   
(I rarely feel regret for anything,
    but I regret that I wasn&rsquo;t tied down in a better position where I couldn&rsquo;t
    dislodge his cock from my ass like I had. I told Magick that I look forward
    to the next time he rapes my ass and totally rips my ass apart. He told me
    next time I won&rsquo;t be able to move an inch, he promised me&hellip;)   
End of my new beginning   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ritual


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





