BDSM Library - Spoils of War




Spoils of War
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Violent and traumatic wartime story about a band of soldiers taken prisoner and tortured by their captors, focussing on a young woman and her struggle to survive.SPOILS OF WAR   
The members of the Night
    Watch, occupying the towers around the main compound, stared out into the
    semi-darkness unexpectantly. The snow-covered landscape glowed blue against
    the black sky and the scene was still, aside from the occasional stirring
    of the cormorants on the wide silver lake to the east.   
On a clear night like
    this, the lights of an approaching vehicle could be seen from many kilometres.
    And incoming aircraft, increasingly unlikely these days, would be picked
    up beyond visible range by the surveillance radar and they would be alerted
    by the AA battery springing to life. So the Night Watch could afford to relax,
    somewhat. The air was frigid and each counted the minutes until the end of
    his shift and the long-awaited warmth of the barracks.   
Had any of their number
    been looking for some reason into the compound, they would have chanced upon
    a more interesting sight. But since there was no reason, they remained ignorant
    of the faltering progress of the strange figure moving diagonally across
    the courtyard.   
Both the appearance and
    manner of this figure were eccentric. Clothed in an overcoat several sizes
    too large, and wearing a large fur-lined hat, it was barefoot in spite of
    the inch or so of fresh snow covering the ground. A ragged line of footprints
    traced back to the far side of the yard, irregular marks caused by a stumbling
    gait supported by a wooden crutch held in the right hand. As the figure made
    its way towards the door of the detention block on the east side of the courtyard,
    it dragged a satchel through the snow by a long fabric strap. The satchel
    was heavy, carving a groove into the snow, exposing the black tarmac beneath,
    and forcing the figure to pause every few steps to catch breath.   
Reaching a metal door,
    the figure grasped the frozen handle without flinching and entered quietly.
    Dropping the hat, crutch and bag just inside the door, the soldier produced
    a pistol from one of the big pockets of the overcoat and proceeded down the
    weakly-lit corridor. Sounds could be heard from behind a door on the right:
    two men talking, laughing at some inane humour. Taking up a position squarely
    in front of the door, the soldier hammered loudly on the metal. After a few
    seconds the door was opened by a guard whose expression turned from annoyance
    to shock as he found himself facing the pistol aimed squarely between his
    eyes. He staggered backwards as the other jumped sharply from his seat, knocking
    a mug from a table which shattered on the floor.   
&quot;Back the fuck off,&quot; ordered
    Yelena, her voice sounding unfamiliar to her. She had not used it for a while.
    One of the soldiers smiled briefly. &quot;Come on...&quot; he started but
    trailed off as he recognised an expression he had seen once before, in an
    enemy soldier: that of someone preparing to kill. At this, he stiffened visibly
    and stepped back cautiously, eyeing her, searching for a clue to her intentions
    with him. She felt an echo of how the threat of death could divide and isolate.   
Satisfied that she had
    made the necessary impression on the guards, Yelena cast her eyes around
    the room, lingering over the rack of rifles, the telephone and the sets of
    keys hanging from a board on the wall.   
 
&quot;Any empty cells?&quot; she asked. They shook their heads. &quot;Storage
room?&quot; Yes, there was one, next door along.   
&quot;OK, you,&quot; she
    said, indicating to one of them with the tip of the pistol, &quot;get the
    keys to the storeroom.&quot;   
Moving slowly, as if careful
    not to arouse a dangerous animal, he inched over to the board and, without
    looking away from her, selected a set of keys.   
&quot;Mobiles?&quot; she
    barked and they looked at her uncertainly. &quot;I know you've got your own.
    Let's see them.&rdquo;   
&quot;Do it&quot; she
    ordered again, and both fumbled in their pockets, producing their phones.
    She told them to drop them on the floor which they did, wincing slightly
    as the precious devices smashed on the stone floor.   
Stepping back into the
    corridor, Yelena ordered them out of the guardroom. She followed them down
    the corridor at a distance. By the time they reached the storeroom, the guards
    had worked out what she had in mind and, without further command, unlocked
    the door and stepped into the dark interior. She told them to toss out the
    keys, and bent down carefully to pick them up, conscious that this was their
    best opportunity to tackle her. But of course the guards had no intention
    of taking risks with their lives and stood motionless as she closed and locked
    the door on them.   
Yelena let out her breath
    and replaced the gun in her pocket. The air was cold yet she felt the sweat
    on her face. Taking her time, she made her way slowly back up the corridor,
    steadying herself on the damp wall. Returning to the guardroom, she picked
    the other sets of keys from their hooks and stashed them in her empty pocket.
    Retrieving the crutch and bag, she hobbled back past the storeroom and to
    the thick metal door at the far end. Slowly, methodically, she worked her
    way through the keys until she found the correct one.   
As soon as she entered,
    she became aware of the presence of a number of people: the prisoners. The
    passage was lit weakly by the lights from behind her and she could make out
    the bars of the holding pens. To her side was a set of switches and, as she
    pressed them, fluorescent lamps flickered on, providing harsh illumination
    of the whole space. She heard the sounds of men stirring behind the bars,
    coughing, swearing.   
Feeling the tension rise
    and adrenaline flow, Yelena once again discarded the crutch, walked to the
    first pen and turned to face its contents. Recognition flashed on the faces
    of each of the eight men inside, even those she did not remember. Then, mixed
    reactions. Several laughed at her, glancing at each other as they did. One
    lunged at the bars, shaking them, causing Yelena to step back reflexively.   
 
&quot;Whore wants some more, does she?&quot; he hissed.   
Another joined in. &quot;Yeah,
    this slut can't get enough. Come on in and we'll do you, you filthy cunt.&quot;   
An older man, standing
    near the centre of the cell, did not speak. He stood motionless and stared
    at her, unblinking. She saw understanding and, yes, fear in his eyes. She
    remembered him well and remembered too what she owed him. In a single motion,
    she pulled the pistol from her pocket and shot him in the face. The bullet
    demolished his nose and he collapsed, first onto his knees and then to the
    floor, eyes still wide, as if he was slow to accept that he had died sometime
    during his fall. The others scattered away, stunned, to a man clasping the
    tops of their heads in their hands. Even those sprayed with his blood.   
No one spoke. Each wondered
    if he would be next. They stood like a tableau, as if the world had stalled
    and was waiting for a kick-start. Yelena spoke.   
&quot;If you want to live,
    turn around and face the back wall. All the way back. Hands against the wall.
    Face straight ahead.&quot;   
They were shit-scared
    but her first words had given them hope, so they did as they were told. The
    remaining seven stood like a bizarre line-up. &quot;I only saw the back of
    his head, officer...yes, it's number three&quot; came a mischievous voice
    from somewhere in back of Yelena's mind. And in the foreground was Ivashko's
    corpse, oozing blood across the floor.   
Yelena bent down and opened
    the satchel. From it she withdrew two glass bottles, wrapped in cloth. These
    contained a light, clear liquid and were stuffed with rags in place of stoppers.
    If the men had been closer, they would have caught the familiar smell of
    aviation fuel. She placed these carefully on the ground and dug in the base
    of the bag for a lighter. A couple of strikes and she had a flame, which
    she played over each of the rags which lit easily.   
Holding a bottle in each
    hand, she walked up to the bars. &quot;Face forward&quot; she growled, in
    case anyone should risk a glance over their shoulder. This was the part she
    had worried most about. But she felt a great flood of relief as she found
    she could pass the bottles between the bars. She felt rather odd, chest against
    the bars holding the two flaming bottles straight out ahead and felt the
    bile rise in her throat as she flexed her elbows. With as much force as she
    could muster, she flung the bottles to the ground, just short of the line
    of men.   
She staggered back as
    she felt the heat of the fireball on her face, blinded momentarily by the
    flash. For a second, the only sound was that of combustion, as dark shapes
    moved amongst the flames. Then the screaming started. Several of the men
    were alight, and the fire rapidly consumed their clothes, enveloping them
    in flames. They flung themselves repeatedly against the bars, each time filling
    Yelena's nostrils with the stench of burning flesh. Each would be driven
    insane by the pain and the horror in the brief moments before he died.   
She spotted one of them
    cowering in the far corner. He had managed to put the fire from out his clothing.
    Yelena shot him twice in the legs, bringing him howling to the ground. Producing
    another bottle, she flung it into the pen in his direction without bothering
    to light it and soon he too was engulfed in flames.   
Yelena took in the appalling
    scene. She watched, apparently impassively, as one by one the shapes collapsed
    to the ground. The screaming petered out, to be replaced by shouting from
    the other pen further down the passage. Then, she watched the licks of flame
    dancing over the blackening bodies. Neither the copious smoke nor the horrendous
    smell seemed to bother her. She was mesmerised, like a child on her first
    fireworks night.   
After she had seen enough,
    she picked up the satchel and pistol, and proceeded to the next pen. When
    she stood facing the remaining six men, they fell silent. No bravado this
    time, she thought, satisfied with herself.   
&quot;What have you done?&quot; pleaded
    one, in a voice Yelena thought somewhat pathetic. She ignored him. Methodically,
    she placed the satchel on the floor and removed the last two bottles. She
    was wondering how she was going to persuade them to turn their backs this
    time. Suddenly, she heard noises: men entering the building, alerted by the
    gunshots she guessed. She must hurry to finish her work.   
&quot;Back,&quot; she
    shouted, shooting the nearest man in the gut. They responded, but stepped
    back only a little, allowing the wounded man to fall to the floor, where
    he lay squealing in pain. Seconds to go. Dropping the gun, she rolled the
    two bottles under the bars, towards the side wall. They did not break, and
    the men tried to retrieve them. Yelena felt in the bag and closed her hand
    round the grenade. As she withdrew it, she pulled out the pin and rolled
    it into the cell towards the opposite wall. One of the men spotted this and
    dived for it. Incredibly, he succeeded and, with a flick of his wrist, flung
    it back towards her. The soldiers were in the room. The grenade hit one of
    the bars and bounced back towards the pack of men. Someone cried out. It
    detonated while still in its arc, and Yelena was lifted off her feet by the
    shockwave and thrown back with tremendous force against the stone wall. The
    impact knocked her senseless.   
She came round lying on
    the floor against the wall, feet out in front of her. She was unable to feel
    her legs. The grenade seemed to have wrecked the whole fabric of space: the
    bars of the cell, still parallel, were at a strange angle. The walls were
    distorted and doubled and, as she looked at them, kept flexing, shimmering.
    Through the flames and searing smoke, she saw bodies, some incomplete. White
    noise hissed in her ears. She felt wetness on her face and chest, and realised
    that she was blind in one eye. A hand lay at her side, torn from a body.
    She wondered if it might be hers.   
A bloodstained face loomed,
    lips moving, filling what remained of her visual field. She looked into its
    searching eyes. But the hand on her shoulder was enough to upset her precarious
    consciousness and she was sent spiralling into teeming blackness.   
***   
Major Liashenko sat uncomfortably
    next to the only occupied bed in the medical block. He hated coming here
    and was thankful that he was called upon to do so only rarely now. He was
    looking at Corporal Savchyn, who lay in the bed, under what passed here for
    intensive care. An IV bag hung from a stand, a clear tube plugged into her
    arm. Other tubes disappeared under the blanket. Her right eye was closed,
    her left hidden behind the bandages which covered half her face. She was
    asleep, her chest rising and falling with her shallow breaths. He felt genuine
    sorrow at the sight of her broken body. He remembered her when she had been
    so vital, so committed, so young and attractive. The camp doctor had told
    him that her spinal injury was not operable. What an awful, terrible waste,
    he thought.   
The nurse arrived holding
    a small syringe, responding to his order. She looked at him briefly before
    lifting the girl&rsquo;s forearm and delivering the dose. She inspected the
    patient briefly, lifting her eyelid with her thumb, then nodded curtly at
    the Major and departed. After just a short while, he saw Yelena stir, then
    open her eye. Her pupil darted around, eventually settling on him. She made
    no attempt at a greeting, just lay staring at him, or more accurately the
    Major thought, through him.   
&ldquo;Corporal Savchyn,
    can you hear me?&rdquo; he asked, in an overly loud voice.   
&ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; she
    responded, softly, calmly, barely moving her lips.   
&ldquo;Corporal,&rdquo; he
    began again, too harshly he realised immediately and checked himself. &ldquo;Yelena,&rdquo; he
    continued, searching for the right words which would get him what he needed. &ldquo;Yelena,
    why&hellip;why in God&rsquo;s name did you do it? I didn&rsquo;t even know&hellip;they
    didn&rsquo;t even tell me you&rsquo;d come round.&rdquo; He received no response.   
&ldquo;Look, Corporal,
    we needed them alive, we needed the information. Do you know what you&rsquo;ve
    done? Aside from committing a war crime. There&rsquo;ll be a court martial,
    it&rsquo;s unavoidable. I know what they did to you. I&hellip;But we would
    have dealt with them. They would have been punished&hellip;&rdquo; his voice
    trailed off into uncertainty.   
&ldquo;Are they all dead?&rdquo; asked
    Yelena, in an unemotional tone, her concern betrayed by a stiffening of her
    neck and jaw. Yes, the Major replied, the last had finally died the previous
    day.   
&ldquo;Good,&rdquo; she
    commented, exhaling, relaxing with a thin smile passing briefly across her
    lips.   
&ldquo;For Christ&rsquo;s
    sake, Yelena,&rdquo; pleaded the Major, exasperated, &ldquo;you would have
    been OK. Your injuries, they were&hellip;you would have been OK. Look at
    what you&rsquo;ve done to yourself.&rdquo;   
Both remained silent for
    a time after that, the woman lying passively, staring into space, the Major
    shifting awkwardly in his chair. Finally, he tried again.   
&ldquo;Yelena, listen.
    We&hellip;we didn&rsquo;t find any of the others. I&rsquo;m sorry. Do you&hellip;&rdquo; he
    cleared his throat noisily, &ldquo;do you know what happened to them?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;All dead,&rdquo; she
    replied at once. She did not elaborate.   
&ldquo;Are you sure? What
    about Corporal Volnyiak?&rdquo; he asked, tipping forward a little. Yelena
    looked at him, saw it in his eyes. She was not surprised by his specific
    interest.   
&ldquo;She&rsquo;s dead,&rdquo; she
    confirmed, bluntly. &ldquo;I killed her myself.&rdquo; She continued to stare
    at him, checking for his reaction. If he was shocked, he hid it.   
&ldquo;I see,&rdquo; he
    said, his face falling. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m sorry. Corporal, you must be honest
    with me: what did you tell them? You understand why I have to ask.&rdquo;   
Again, Yelena responded
    without hesitation. &ldquo;Everything. On the first day.&rdquo;   
The Major sat back with
    a sigh. &ldquo;The others, do you think&hellip;?&rdquo; She replied that
    she did not know.   
He looked again at the
    poor girl, his old, hard eyes stinging with tears until he controlled himself.
    The brief questioning seemed to have drained her. I&rsquo;m sorry, he thought,
    the apology directed nowhere in particular. He forced himself to think of
    her just as he would any other soldier, to understand what she might need
    now. If it were him, in her place.   
He stood up and walked
    slowly round the bed. She followed him with her eye. He took her hand, turning
    it to see the palm, squeezing it gently with his thumb. Into it he placed
    a small device which had been lying on the side table. It was a thin black
    tube with a plunger set into the end, crudely improvised. As he closed her
    hand around it, he moved her thumb so that they both depressed the plunger
    together. A few seconds passed and then he saw the effect of the morphine
    drift across her face.   
&ldquo;Goodbye, Corporal
    Savchyn,&rdquo; he said. Getting no reaction, he turned and strode swiftly
    out of the room.   
Yelena felt the warm glow
    spread and the pain recede from her upper body. Below her waist she was numb
    and she knew what that implied. But, perhaps due to the effects of the drug,
    it did not bother her especially.   
She was relieved that
    she had succeeded. She had been so determined but had not been at all confident
    that she could pull it off. Now it was over, closed, done. For the first
    time since her rescue, she began to think of herself and her own future.   
She thought about returning
    home, to be cared for by her mother. She was sure she must be still alive &ndash;she
    would felt it otherwise. She thought about how her life would be and imagined
    it like her early childhood, being bathed and dressed and fed by her Mama,
    tucked in at night with a kiss on the forehead. She remembered it now, for
    the first time in her adult life, remembered the happiness. And the innocence.   
But she realised too that
    return was a fantasy. She could not let her mother know what had happened
    to her. Could not wake her in the night with her nightmares, so powerful
    that they had had to strap her down and sedate her when she was first brought
    to this ward. Even now, she felt them. Dark, evil shapes circling the warm
    glow which protected her, searching for a chink and a route inside. As a
    precaution, she pressed the plunger again and waited for the surge of the
    morphine.   
With reassurance she contemplated
    the device she held in her hand, that subtle instrument of death. How many
    clicks would it take to end it for her? Five, six, maybe more. God, it felt
    good to possess it. She had felt the same sensation before, when she had
    been in the detention block, before she killed them, and earlier. The power
    to take life. In this world, she realised, that was all that mattered. As
    before, the knowledge that she held it brought her peace.   
She looked around the
    ward. All the other beds she could see were empty. A nurse, on the far side
    of the room, was occupied with some activity, her back to her. Yelena was
    all alone in the world, and it was a good feeling. She smiled.   
She pressed the plunger
    again. Rapidly, repeatedly, until she was sure it was enough. She waited.
    She felt it begin to rise inside her, now swelling fast, too fast, huge,
    accelerating, threatening to crush her and for a moment she was afraid. But
    then the glow overtook her and it felt like a great wave of warm water, submerging
    her, picking her up and carrying her away. She was expanding as still it
    grew inside, effortlessly, endlessly. Then she realised that it was not she
    that was expanding but the world that was diminishing, contracting until
    it became a tiny point and then, at last, blinking out.   
***   
&ldquo;No way, man!&rdquo; shouted
    Panych as he scrambled back towards them, diving behind the low, partially
    demolished wall. &ldquo;No fucking way. Gunship. Two maybe. And on the ground!&rdquo;,
    he screamed his report. Gunfire erupted nearby and mortars, two in quick
    succession, struck the building opposite, shaking the ground, bringing masonry
    tumbling to the ground. Clouds of white powder blew across the small band
    of soldiers huddled together in the ruined building.   
&ldquo;Fuck,&rdquo; the
    commander spat. &ldquo;OK,&rdquo; he shouted above the noise, looking around
    at the seven of them. &ldquo;Ossie, Savchyn, covering positions, over there
    by the corner. You and Volnyiak, on the opposite side. You two, hold it here.
    Rudiak, recce, down to the end. OK?&rdquo;   
They scrambled to their
    positions, Yelena and Natasha catching each other&rsquo;s eyes as they crouched
    on either side of the narrow entrance, raising their weapons. Between them,
    Rudiak sprinted over to the far side of the street. How, thought Yelena,
    how could we have got cut off like this?   
Down her gunsight, she
    watched Rudiak progress rapidly down the street. His body cast a long shadow
    in the late summer evening sun. &ldquo;Go, Pavlo,&rdquo; she muttered. She
    could hear helicopters, overhead, behind them to the east.   
&ldquo;Hold steady,&rdquo; came
    the commander&rsquo;s voice from behind.   
Pavlo had reached the
    end of the street. He paused, back to the wall, checking his weapon. Then
    Yelena saw him poke his head round the corner. Almost immediately, he was
    tearing back towards them. Not good, she thought, not good. Without orders,
    they left their positions and moved out cautiously to meet him.   
&ldquo;Get back!&rdquo; he
    shouted. Behind him, at the far end of the street, Yelena caught sight of
    the front of an armoured vehicle emerging from the adjacent street. A puff
    of smoke. Then automatic fire, high calibre, whistling through the air. Ripping
    through Pavlo, shredding him. Yelena leapt back in shock.   
Cowering behind the wall,
    she looked over at Natasha, whose eyes were fixed on Pavlo&rsquo;s body which
    lay strewn about the street. The AFV was bearing down on them and soldiers
    were scattering around it, jogging down the sidewalks. The band fell back,
    taking cover behind the stonework. Yelena looked over at the commander desperately. &ldquo;What
    now sir?&rdquo; she cried out. He raised his head above the low wall to respond
    to her. A single shot rang out, high-powered, reverberating across the street.
    Yelena watched, frozen, as a hole appeared in the middle of his forehead
    and he fell back out of sight.   
&ldquo;Christ!&rdquo; screamed
    someone, scrambling behind her.   
&ldquo;What do we do?&rdquo; Yelena
    asked Ossovitch, next to her, who was now technically in command.   
&ldquo;Nothing,&rdquo; he
    replied, despondently, and threw his weapon out into the street. Lifting
    his hands above his head, trembling, he staggered out.   
***   
The truck bounced along
    roads blasted by landmines, throwing the prisoners roughly against each other.
    The six of them were hooded, their hands tied tightly behind their backs
    with packing straps. Conscious of the guards seated amongst them, they remained
    silent, each receding into their private worlds, facing their fears individually.   
A brief stop and voices
    outside told the prisoners that they had arrived at their destination. The
    vehicle continued a short distance then turned sharply before jerking to
    a halt. Its rear doors were flung open and the prisoners roughly manhandled
    out and onto the tarmac. All around them was noise: people walking, running,
    shouting, engines revving.   
After being dragged a
    further distance, the prisoners were made to kneel on the ground and, one
    by one, had their hoods removed. They found themselves lined up at one end
    of a temporary hangar formed out of corrugated steel. At the other end was
    a loading bay, where the truck which had delivered them was being reloaded
    with wooden crates. Armed guards paced amongst them. In front of them was
    a man standing behind a battered metal office desk, scrutinising them. He
    walked around it until he stood immediately before them, bearing down.   
&ldquo;Filthy cowards,&rdquo; he
    sneered at them, enjoying the looks of surprise he obtained. &ldquo;Letting
    yourselves be taken alive.&rdquo; He spat at Panych, who did not react.   
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s why
    you scum are getting such a lathering. No guts.&rdquo; Yelena thought about
    all the prisoners she had seen being escorted into their own compound but
    made no attempt to comment.   
&ldquo;Well, boys and
    girls, I better tell you now that you&rsquo;re going to wish you bought it
    out there, after we&rsquo;ve done with you. Don&rsquo;t think you&rsquo;re
    going to be treated like anything but the vermin you are.&rdquo; He paused
    to let the words sink in, his eyes searching for evidence of their effect.
    Ossovitch, straightening up and speaking out of turn, interjected.   
&ldquo;As leader of our
    group I demand rights under the Geneva Convention.&rdquo; He spoke very quickly,
    nervously, intent to get out all the words before being interrupted or silenced.   
&ldquo;Ha!&rdquo; exclaimed
    the officer, who then abruptly changed tone to one less confrontational. &ldquo;Sure.
    No problem. Not quite sure exactly about the details though. Not as educated
    here as you lot. Sergeant Medvid,&rdquo; he called out to one of the guards &ldquo;you&rsquo;ve
    been to Geneva.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Zurich actually,
    sir,&rdquo; replied the sergeant. Yelena felt her heart sink. They were being
    toyed with.   
&ldquo;Well, that&rsquo;s
    the closest we&rsquo;ve got I&rsquo;m afraid. Sergeant, can you show this
    lot your understanding of the Geneva Convention?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Yes sir, gladly
    sir,&rdquo; came the response.   
The sergeant marched round
    in front of the line of prisoners and walked up and down, inspecting the
    kneeling figures. When he passed in front of Natasha, he paused and Yelena
    saw him nod to someone behind them.   
Suddenly, Natasha was
    being lifted to her feet, a big man behind forcing her forward, in front
    of them.   
&ldquo;Bring her here,&rdquo; ordered
    the sergeant, now standing near the table. Natasha tried to look back at
    her comrades, a flash of shock and fear on her face. She was held in position,
    her left side to them. Yelena watched as the sergeant put his hands to her
    waist, tugging at her trousers. Natasha tried to call out but the soldier
    behind placed his big hand over her mouth, muffling her. Then her trousers
    were around her shins, revealing her white panties, preventing her from defending
    herself with her legs.   
Yelena and the other prisoners
    looked on in horror as Natasha&rsquo;s panties were ripped down, exposing
    the dark triangle between her legs. Then she was thrown down forward over
    the desk, the big guard holding her down with one hand on her strapped wrists
    and the other holding a clump of hair. She was now crying out for help, pleading
    with them to leave her alone. Yelena&rsquo;s eyes were drawn to her white
    buttocks, quivering as her legs trembled. She glimpsed the sergeant&rsquo;s
    erect penis as he dug it from within his clothing, before he turned his back
    to them.   
&ldquo;No! Stop!&rdquo; cried
    out one of the others. Yelena heard the butt of a rifle clash against bone
    and he collapsed to the floor. Then she listened to Natasha scream as the
    sergeant thrust into her. Please no, she was begging as he assaulted her,
    brutally, the desk squeaking as he hammered each stroke into her helpless
    body.   
The remaining prisoners
    watched open-mouthed as Natasha was raped in front of them. Yelena, appalled,
    terrorised, began to feel increasingly afraid herself. While all of them
    were shocked by what they were witnessing, she alone was particularly vulnerable.
    Suddenly she thought it: Oh God, I&rsquo;m going to be next. The lights are
    on me. I can&rsquo;t cope...no&hellip;   
She was totally isolated
    now, between the men, who would not share her fate, and Natasha, who had
    already found hers and from whom Yelena wanted to separate herself as far
    as she could. This is the beginning, she thought, filled with gloom.   
Natasha by now was bawling
    like a child as the sergeant quickened his pace, pounding her against the
    desk. Then he stiffened, grunting, and Natasha let out a long, wounded cry.
    He withdrew and, before she forced herself to close her eyes, she saw Natasha&rsquo;s
    labia close around the black seeping hole between her legs.   
Tears and mucus streaming
    from her eyes and nose, Natasha was led back over to the line where she knelt,
    two places down from Yelena, snivelling.   
&ldquo;How was it, sergeant?&rdquo; asked
    the officer in charge.   
&ldquo;Nice and tight,
    sir,&rdquo; he replied, breathlessly, as he zipped himself up.   
&ldquo;Good,&rdquo; he
    concluded. &ldquo;Right now. Let&rsquo;s get on with it. You&rdquo; he ordered,
    pointing at Panych, who knelt at one end of the line. &ldquo;Stand up!&rdquo;.   
Panych got clumsily to
    his feet. A guard, standing behind him, produced a combat knife and cut the
    plastic strap around his wrists.   
&ldquo;Take off your clothes
    and boots. Place them at your feet&rdquo;, the man behind the desk commanded.
    Panych showed no sign of dissent as he bent down to untie his bootlaces.
    Soon he was standing in his underwear, his clothes in a pile in front of
    him.   
&ldquo;Good. On your knees,
    hands behind your head,&rdquo; he was instructed. One by one, each of the
    prisoners undressed. Yelena now knelt in a white vest and panties. She hoped
    Natasha was all right but had been afraid to turn her head to check on her.
    She heard the clink of metal and soon found her wrists being shackled together.
    Her hands now between her knees, she was startled but did not resist as she
    was told to open her mouth and a metal bit was placed between her teeth,
    held in place by a strap fastened around the back of her head. She choked
    a little but accustomed herself to the gag. A hood was placed back over her
    head and strapped in place. She listened to muffled noises as they finished
    with the others.   
When they were all similarly
    restrained, the order was given to stand and they were escorted away, stumbling
    now and then as they were force-marched into a second building.   
***   
Yelena was pushed forwards
    and she struck a wall. Rough hands turned her around and lifted her shackled
    wrists high above her head, stretching her body. They were fixed there and
    she hung free for a second before her legs were forced apart, making her
    stand on tiptoes. She felt straps against her ankles, not tight, but enough
    to prevent her closing her thighs. Someone pinched her nipple, hard, through
    her vest, as they withdrew, making her cry out in surprise. She stood, breathing
    heavily into the hood, as she heard the sounds of the others being chained
    up.   
Their captors left them
    for some time and they all hung, listening to the clinking chains, the odd
    cough, the pitiful sound of a woman sobbing. Yelena was haunted by the vivid
    image of Natasha a few minutes earlier. The sight of her black bush as her
    panties were yanked down, the look of surprise and terror in her eyes, her
    quivering buttocks before the sergeant mounted her. Please don&rsquo;t let
    them do that to me, she prayed.   
She began to wonder how
    long they would be kept there. Her strained position was becoming increasingly
    uncomfortable, especially around her wrists and shoulders. And she needed
    to go to the toilet. She squeezed her pelvic muscles to keep it in.   
Abruptly, men entered
    the holding area and paced around.   
&ldquo;Who shall we begin
    with?&rdquo; asked a voice, unemotionally. Yelena was terrified that they
    would pick her. For a moment she was transported back to the schoolroom,
    trying to avoid the teacher&rsquo;s eyes as the roved the room, searching
    for a victim. Please, pick one of the men.   
&ldquo;Let&rsquo;s take
    that one first. She&rsquo;s already broken in.&rdquo; Oh no, thought Yelena,
    as she heard movement opposite her. Natasha was trying to scream through
    her gag and struggling as she was manhandled. One of the male prisoners cried
    out. There were shouts. Then the remaining five hung listening to the receding
    footsteps and the sound of a door being opened a short way down the hall.
    No one made a sound as they waited. Yelena felt acid rise in her chest as
    her breathing quickened.   
They could hear the faint
    sounds of movement coming down the hallway from the room. Then silence. She
    needed to pee and her bladder burned.   
Yelena jumped as she heard
    the first scream, screwing up her eyes and straining against her restraints.
    It was a hideous, strangulated cry which echoed through the walls. Then,
    more faint but still recognisable, Natasha&rsquo;s distorted voice begging,
    pleading. A pause. Then a torrent of cries, howls, peals of anguish, contorted,
    guttural, obscene. On and on. Some of the men started to cry out, screaming
    to block the noise from their ears. Yelena, desperate to escape, shook wildly
    in her restraints, digging her teeth into the bit. On and on.   
After what seemed like
    hours, Yelena and the others became aware that the sounds from the other
    room had ceased. Although they feared what the silence might mean for Natasha,
    they all felt relief that their own torture had ended for now.   
Footsteps could be heard
    as someone entered the chamber. He strode around and then settled in front
    of Yelena.   
&ldquo;Well, you&rsquo;re
    a pretty thing, aren&rsquo;t you?&rdquo; he snarled. She sensed him come
    closer, invading her space. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s see what jewels you&rsquo;re
    hiding.&rdquo; As he spoke, he began to lift her vest. Yelena tried to protest,
    tried in vain to free her arms to protect herself, but she was unable to
    prevent him from rolling up the fabric to reveal her bare breasts.   
&ldquo;Ah yes,&rdquo; he
    murmured, taking them in his coarse hands, kneading them, exploring their
    shape and size. Yelena moaned. She was acutely embarrassed, knowing that
    her male comrades were witnessing this, and felt her face flush and heat
    fill the hood. Her cheeks were wet with perspiration.   
&ldquo;Sweet,&rdquo; he
    commented, rolling her thick nipples between thumb and forefinger. Yelena
    squirmed, trying to twist her body, ineffectively against the strict restraints.
    She felt his breath on her left breast and then the abrasion of his stubbly
    chin as he took her nipple in his mouth, biting it. She let out a cry at
    the sharp pain. One of the other prisoners tried to call out: &ldquo;Leave
    her alone!&rdquo; --barely understandable.   
The guard abruptly withdrew
    from Yelena and strode over to the man who had tried to intervene.   
&ldquo;What the&hellip;?
    Aha, what&rsquo;s this&hellip;you&rsquo;re fucking hard!&rdquo; he exclaimed,
    fumbling with him. &ldquo;What kind of pervert are you? Getting turned on
    while I mess with your girlfriend. You make me sick. How about I cut this
    off?&rdquo; At this, Yelena heard him punch the man hard, five or six times,
    winding him. Please don&rsquo;t let that be Sasha, she thought. He was a
    little soft on her.   
Suddenly, the man was
    in front of her again.   
&ldquo;Prat,&rdquo; he
    said, casually. &ldquo;Now, where were we? You&rsquo;ve got good tits, I&rsquo;ll
    give you that. You a blonde by any chance? Not allowed to take off that hood.
    Let&rsquo;s take a look down below.&rdquo; Yelena stiffened as she felt his
    thumbs tucking into her panties, gasping as he slipped them down to her knees.   
&ldquo;Oh. Shame,&rdquo; he
    concluded. &ldquo;Nice twat though.&rdquo;   
Yelena gritted her teeth
    against the metal bit as she felt her pubic hair tugged between his stubby
    fingers. &ldquo;No!&rdquo; she cried as his finger probed between her legs.
    He began, roughly, to masturbate her.   
It was at this moment
    that a woman&rsquo;s screams began again to echo down the hallway. They had
    started with Natasha again. God help us, she prayed as she bucked her hips,
    trying to escape his disgusting manipulations.   
&ldquo;Hear that?&rdquo; he
    hissed. &ldquo;That&rsquo;ll be you, soon. Makes my flesh creep, frankly.
    Ugly stuff.&rdquo; Tears streamed down Yelena&rsquo;s cheeks as he worked
    her, now with two fingers in her vagina, licking his lips.   
&ldquo;Tell you what.
    Gotta say: I fancy you. I&rsquo;ll do you a deal. You be my private slut
    and I&rsquo;ll spare you the worst of it. How about it? Can&rsquo;t say I
    won&rsquo;t pass you around but you&rsquo;ll be mine for now. Long as you,
    you know, keep a smile on my face.&rdquo;   
Natasha was making increasingly
    disturbing noises now and Yelena&rsquo;s mind raced with thoughts of what
    they could be doing to her. She was terrified, knowing that sooner or later
    she would be in that room, begging for mercy and receiving none. Could she
    prostitute herself to cheat it? She tried to focus as his fingers flexed
    within her body.   
&ldquo;Well, what&rsquo;ll
    it be?&rdquo; he demanded. Yelena grunted affirmatively. Please, take me
    out of this, don&rsquo;t hurt me too much, she was trying to say.   
Abruptly he stepped back,
    jerking his fingers out of her.&rdquo;Slag!&rdquo; he screamed, slapping
    her across the face.   
&ldquo;How about that,
    boys? This whore&rsquo;ll trade her cunt for a way out. Leave you all to
    rot. Nice, huh?&rdquo; He was pacing around the room, eliciting moans of
    protest from the men. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t worry. She&rsquo;ll be getting it
    like the rest of you. Then she&rsquo;ll beg me to fuck her, if she can still
    work her jaw.&rdquo; Natasha&rsquo;s howls continued to reverberate around
    them.   
Utterly shamed in front
    of her comrades, Yelena burst into tears, grinding her teeth against the
    metal, choking on her own saliva. Why&hellip;why was this happening to her?
    Her body shook with her sobs.   
Natasha&rsquo;s cries
    had ceased again and it had grown quiet. Unable to control herself any longer,
    she emptied her bladder down her legs and her urine splashed noisily onto
    the floor.   
&ldquo;Bitch has pissed
    herself!&rdquo; exulted the guard, finding her new humiliation hilarious.   
Yelena was still sobbing
    when they came for their next victim. She knew that it was her turn, even
    before they came over to retrieve her. She made no sound as they restored
    her clothing, brought her out and marched her from the chamber, her jaw clamped
    against the cold metal of the bit between her teeth.   
***   
Yelena stood, quaking,
    as the shackles were removed from her wrists. She was told to raise her arms
    and, as she did so, she felt her vest being lifted from her body and over
    her head. Again she felt heat in her cheeks at the exposure of her breasts
    and tried to cover herself with her freed hands. But her wrists were swiftly
    grabbed and pulled behind her back where they were again bound together with
    the metal restraints. She was aware of several men in the room with her.   
Blinded by the hood, she
    held her position uncertainly before she was propelled forwards until her
    shins knocked up against a solid object.   
&ldquo;Get up on your
    knees,&rdquo; ordered a voice behind her and for a moment she did not understand
    what she was supposed to do.   
 
&rdquo;Come on, bitch,&rdquo; boomed the voice again and a hand grabbed her by
the back of the strap around her neck and lifted her onto the object, clumsily,
the surface hard and rough against her knees. Suddenly, her head was forced down
and for a second she panicked as she felt herself falling forwards. She was stayed
by the hand on the strap as another yanked her cuffed hands upwards behind her
back, wrenching her arms painfully in their sockets until they were vertical.
She grunted through the bit as the cuffs were fixed in place and her neck released.
She heard movement behind her and hands on her flesh as her legs were parted
and leather straps drawn tight around her ankles and knees. Her arms ached, a
dull pain she could relieve only momentarily by lifting her chest until her stomach
muscles weakened and she relaxed forwards again.   
A growing sense of terror
    overcame Yelena as she knelt, bent over, hooded, gagged and trussed up on
    the bench. Though she had become accustomed to breathing within the hood,
    the recent stress and exertion had caused her to pant heavily and already
    she felt her face covered with sweat. By contrast, the rest of her body was
    ice cold, near-naked as she was. She knew that she was close to what she
    had been dreading for hours. About to go through what she had heard being
    done to Natasha, or worse. She tried to pray, mumbling Our Father into the
    bit, but was so terrified that she found she could not remember the words.   
She heard slow footsteps
    as a man walked around her, surveying she suspected her pathetic and vulnerable
    state. He stopped in front of her and grabbed the hood at the top, yanking
    up her head.   
&ldquo;Now listen to me,
    corporal,&rdquo; he began, slowly, chewing his words, making her feel afraid
    and ashamed. She flinched as a strong hand grabbed her left breast and squeezed
    it harshly.   
&ldquo;We are going to
    get to know each other, over time, intimately,&rdquo; he continued, almost
    whispering next to her ear.   
&ldquo;Soon you are going
    to tell me all sorts of things. All about your friends and their plans. About
    how many of my people you&rsquo;ve killed.&rdquo; His voice hardened for
    a moment then eased again.   
&ldquo;And we&rsquo;ll
    want to know about you too. Sexual details. About you and&hellip;&rdquo; he
    paused and she felt him draw away for a moment. &ldquo;And Colonel Pavlyn.&rdquo; Yelena&rsquo;s
    heart sank at this and she moaned.   
&ldquo;Yes, the other
    slut told us all about the two of you. Naughty girl, aren&rsquo;t you? We
    look forward to you telling us about that. You know, positions, and so on.&rdquo; Coughing,
    he cleared the mucus from his throat.   
&ldquo;But first I&rsquo;m
    afraid there must be pain,&rdquo; he continued, in the same calm monotone.
    Yelena tried to speak. &ldquo;Oh, I&rsquo;m afraid it&rsquo;s quite necessary.
    Why, you are asking, when you&rsquo;re ready to tell me everything? Well,
    frankly, the reason is: because we can.&rdquo;   
At this, he did something
    and she heard a loud crackling near her face. A faint smell of ozone reached
    her nostrils through the thick fabric of the hood.   
Yelena was by now shaking
    uncontrollably, the bench and frame creaking as she tried to writhe within
    her restraints. Through the noise of blood pumping in her ears, she listened
    to the footsteps of the man as he walked around her: he was behind her now.
    She froze as a hand grabbed her panties and yanked them down over her buttocks,
    exposing her to all in the room.   
Spivak found the mouth
    of her vagina easily with the tip of the baton. It was cold and hard against
    her tender flesh. Stop, she was begging him, but he ignored her and forced
    the thick metal shaft deep into her body. With one hand on her buttocks,
    he worked it in and out and, as Yelena felt her juices flow, she burst into
    tears, choking into the bit as she tried to control herself.   
&ldquo;She&rsquo;s getting
    wetter than the other one,&rdquo; somebody said, approvingly.   
&ldquo;Better fuck her
    up the arse or she&rsquo;ll like it too much,&rdquo; came a reply.   
&ldquo;Later boys, later,&rdquo; said
    Spivak, pushing the baton as far as he could into her body, feeling her yield
    as he pressed the tip against her cervix. Several small grooves had been
    cut into the surface indicating the depth reached in earlier sessions. He
    noted that her cunt was small, all but one of the grooves remaining visible
    even as he stretched her forcefully. The action was painful for the girl,
    as evidenced by her cries of discomfort corrupted by the bit between her
    teeth.   
Setting his jaw, he activated
    the switch on the baton and instantly his victim&rsquo;s helpless body bucked
    violently as pain exploded between her legs. Blood rushed to his cock, stimulated
    by the familiar tug he felt as the girl&rsquo;s vaginal muscles contracted
    tightly around the shaft, sucking it in. Her muscular back rippling, buttocks
    quivering, she struggled in vain to escape it, straining the wooden frame
    which creaked and cracked. His arousal was heightened by the horrible sounds
    coming through her hood: a low-pitched scream, distorted as she ground her
    teeth uncontrollably into the bit, which began full of agony but became increasingly
    mixed with terror and desperation.   
Yelena passed abruptly
    between worlds as the current was turned on and off. While it was flowing
    into her, her consciousness was reduced to that of a tortured animal, disorientated,
    unable to think, existing purely as a grotesque toy screaming and squirming
    when supplied with electricity. During the intervals between, as she gasped
    for air and filled her eyes with tears, she registered the pain and the damage
    which at first felt physical but, as she would later discover, ran much deeper.
    With what little strength she could muster she tried to beg for it to stop,
    tried to control her screams, tried to form words despite the bit. She wanted
    to tell them that she would do anything, tell them anything but this was
    beyond her and she found her self repeating the same monosyllables over and
    over again.   
After some time, the interrogator
    withdrew the baton from the girl, watching her fall limp as he did. Inspecting
    her genitals, he noted that her labia were raw and swollen. She was still
    conscious and panting heavily. Her pale breasts quivered, dripping. The floor
    between the two wooden planks placed apart, which formed the base of the
    bench, was heavily spotted with sweat. Picking up a rag he wiped her juices
    from the implement and turned to his small audience who remained silent and
    transfixed by the sight of his victim.   
One, drool seeping from
    the corner of his mouth, left hand down his trousers, begged for permission
    to fuck her and Spivak could see that they were all ready.   
&ldquo;Patience!&rdquo; he
    told them, as he walked over to a table, dipping his hand into a jar of grease
    and smearing it over the tip of the baton before returning. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s
    loosen her up a little more shall we?&rdquo;   
Placing his left hand
    on the girl&rsquo;s lower back to steady her, he worked the greased rod into
    her rectum, forcing out a grunt followed by further sobs. Despite her weakened
    state, the reflex of her anal muscles resisted briefly, but this was easily
    overcome. She began to cough and splutter as he introduced it more deeply.
    He held the baton in position for a minute or so before proceeding, allowing
    the feelings of violation and humiliation develop within her. She was moaning
    pathetically by the time he activated the device, cutting off her voice briefly
    as she lost control again.   
The electrical current
    surged through Yelena&rsquo;s naked, sweat-soaked body, driving spasms along
    her bowels from her anus to her throat, emanating waves of searing pain into
    her limbs. She was unable to scream to release the pain, even to breathe.
    Then the source vanished and she was back, gulping in air, recovering her
    senses but only briefly before she was made to dance again, and again.   
Later, not wishing to
    break her completely, Spivak fought the compulsion to continue and released
    his thumb from the button, the baton jerking slightly as his victim&rsquo;s
    muscles slackened. As he withdrew it, the girl soiled herself, which was
    common. The audience made their disgust known. Attached to a tap on the wall
    was a coiled hose, ready for this and other purposes. Turning on the cold
    water and parting her buttocks with his free hand, he sprayed her clean,
    pushing the nozzle a short way into her distended hole.   
Yelena, unaware of this
    further humiliation, sensed vaguely the welcome coolness of the water against
    her raw and burning loins. In her stunned condition, she barely recognised
    the sound of the first of them as he loosened his belt and pulled down his
    zip. She had feared rape so much but now she accepted it and hung almost
    inert as one after another they used her cunt and arse. Occasionally the
    sharp stab of a deep thrust would break through her general agony and she
    would emit a brief scream but otherwise she simply sobbed softly during the
    assault. She passed out before the last had finished inside her.   
***   
Yelena awoke in terror.
    Panic overcame her and she began to scream between short gasps of breath.
    But in time she realised that she was alone, lying on the cold stone floor
    of a cell. She lay naked on her side, still hooded and gagged, with arms
    chained behind her back, knees bent. As she tried to stretch out and her
    feet hit the wall, she discovered that the cell was tiny.   
The relief of finding
    herself alone was soon replaced by sinking nausea as she remembered the agony
    and humiliation she had suffered. At least the cold had numbed her body and
    the only real pain now was a burning in her rectum. But still she cried out,
    wailing. In desperation she called for her mother. For moment she imagined
    that she was back at home, years earlier, hoping that her Mama would soon
    come to comfort her. But as she listened to the faint screams coming from
    elsewhere in the building, she remembered that her only friends had been
    parted from her forever and the only human contact she could expect now would
    be through further torture and rape.   
During the hours which
    followed, she wrestled with the awful thoughts swimming around her head.
    She ground her teeth against the bit as she endured the noises of the men
    as they were tortured in turn. And during the silences between, her heart
    would jump in anticipation that at any moment they would begin again. Every
    so often, she would hear footsteps and catch her breath as men passed her
    cell. Sometimes she would hear the sound of someone being dragged along the
    floor, followed by a metal door being opened and slammed shut somewhere further
    along.   
Inevitably, there came
    a time when the footsteps paused outside her cell and she heard, with rising
    apprehension, a key being turned in the lock of the door. Strong hands grabbed
    her and pulled her to her feet. She found herself unable to support her weight
    and, as her legs buckled, she was lifted and dragged out. Her sore shoulders
    again strained as she was carried by her upper arms down the corridor into
    a room.   
As she was put on her
    knees and felt her arms being pulled up and tied, and realised that she was
    being strapped into the same frame as before, utter panic overwhelmed her
    and she screamed and thrashed unthinkingly, not even noticing when she kicked
    a face as someone tried to bind her ankles. &ldquo;No&rdquo; was all she
    could manage, and she repeated hysterically this until it became a single
    long word.   
Unexpectedly, she found
    the neck strap and then the hood being removed and was soon squinting in
    the bright light. The bit too was released and pulled out of her mouth. Saliva
    covered her chin. Gradually, she calmed.   
Yelena was afraid to look
    around and so stared down at the floor between the wooden planks on which
    she was kneeling. She examined the black boot of a man standing very close
    to her. Abruptly, she was seized by the hair and her head yanked upwards.
    The man stooped down until his face was level with hers. Catching sight of
    his brutal eyes, she turned away but a sharp pull on her hair told her to
    meet his gaze. Looking at him, and recognising his contempt, she at once
    knew that he was the man that had tortured her.   
His eyes darted down and
    she followed them reflexively. In his other hand he held a black shiny baton
    with metallic strips inlaid into the surface.   
She looked up at him,
    pleading with him, breaking into waves of tears as she lost her composure
    again. He released her hair and as her head flopped down she closed her eyes.
    When she reopened them she saw that a piece of paper had been placed onto
    the bench below her: it showed a number of passport-sized photographs. She
    recognised some of the faces.   
&ldquo;OK,&rdquo; sounded
    a voice from above her, &ldquo;let&rsquo;s begin by you telling me the names
    of all these people. Start at the top left and work your way across. Rank
    and name. Go.&rdquo;   
Throughout the hours that
    followed, Yelena needed no coercion to speak. She blurted out whatever she
    knew, praying that he would believe her. Always present was the fear that
    he might not and hurt her again. But, it seemed, she was convincing. As she
    spoke, she heard the clatter of a typewriter in the background.   
&ldquo;Good,&rdquo; concluded
    the interrogator, eventually. The typing stopped. She heard the chair moving
    as the typist stood up and his footsteps as he approached. Then, his hands
    were on her buttocks and she stiffened and gasped as he eased into her. He
    was not rough and moved slowly, saving himself.   
&ldquo;Now let&rsquo;s
    get personal, shall we?&rdquo; continued the interrogator, standing close
    in front of her. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s talk about your sexual experiences. Which
    hand do you masturbate with?&rdquo;   
God, thought Yelena as
    she was rocked back and forth and felt the penis swell inside her. She felt
    even more disgusted than before.   
&ldquo;Uh&hellip;my left,&rdquo; she
    managed to reply.   
&ldquo;Describe how you
    do it,&rdquo; he continued, and she could hear his arousal in his voice.   
&ldquo;I...I,&rdquo; she
    stammered, finding speech difficult as the other continued to rape her. &ldquo;I
    rub my&hellip;my clitoris.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Yes, of course
    you do. But how?&rdquo; he asked, sarcastically.   
 
&rdquo;I make circles and&hellip;and sometimes I put my finger inside&hellip;in
my vagina,&rdquo; she answered feebly, confused and ashamed, letting her head
drop.   
When she was yanked by
    the hair, his erect penis was inches from her mouth. A powerful jerk between
    her legs forced a grunt from her parted lips and he thrust it to the back
    of her throat, choking her. He played coarsely with her dangling tits as
    he fucked her mouth, releasing her right breast to pull her head towards
    him, her throat spasming around his glans. Suddenly he withdrew and, her
    hair in one hand, his cock in the other, he ejaculated over her face with
    a loud sigh.   
Semen still wet against
    her skin, the hood was passed over her and strapped in place. Released from
    the frame, and held by a firm grip on each arm, she was able to walk back
    clumsily to her cell, her head hanging in shame. A hand on her crown forced
    her down into the tiny cubicle, and the metal door was slammed shut and locked.   
There she lay for many
    hours, bewildered and horrified. Mixed feelings of relief and guilt at having
    talked and avoided further torture confused her fragile mind. Memories of
    agony and humiliation stabbed at her, triggering spontaneous screams, the
    smell of semen filling her hood and the trickle of fluid between her legs
    providing a constant stimulus.   
Later, these feelings
    were finally displaced by more primitive ones: thirst and hunger. Dangerously
    dehydrated, she lay still in a near faint. It was almost a relief when the
    cell door was opened again and she was dragged onto the floor outside. The
    man, whom she took to be a warder, pulled her up onto her knees and removed
    the hood.   
 
&rdquo;Thirsty?&rdquo; he asked, leering at her. God he&rsquo;s ugly, she thought.   
&ldquo;Please,&rdquo; she
    replied, imploring him.   
&ldquo;Drink up then,&rdquo; he
    said, unzipping himself and producing a semi-erect cock. Despite the unpleasantness,
    Yelena swallowed as much as she could while he pissed into her mouth. At
    least it&rsquo;s sterile, she thought grimly as she gulped it down. She felt
    a little refreshed and strengthened.   
&ldquo;Time for another
    social call,&rdquo; he said as he finished. Replacing the hood, he pulled
    her to her feet and led her away.   
***   
Her rising fears of the
    inevitable torture frame were allayed when the hood was removed again but
    were replaced by new concerns as she found herself in another room. It was
    small, with a dirty mattress laid down in the middle. Half a dozen men were
    present, all eyeing her with obvious intentions.   
&ldquo;Look at the filthy
    whore,&rdquo; said one, young but confident. &ldquo;Get down on your knees
    and get us hard&rdquo;. He began to unbuckle his belt.   
Yelena, feeling slightly
    better, felt a surge of defiance which surprised her. So, they had not broken
    her after all, she thought and stood motionless.   
The young one looked at
    her in amazement, then at his comrades, who appeared equally perplexed.   
&ldquo;On your knees I
    said!&rdquo; he shouted, storming over to her. Yelena flinched but remained
    standing.   
She did not see his fist
    but suddenly felt a huge blow to the side of her face, throwing her head
    to one side and causing her legs to fail. She was held up by the man behind
    her, his fingers digging into the soft flesh of her upper arms. She could
    hear a loud ringing in her left ear and blood was dripping from her nose
    onto the floor.   
&ldquo;Come on, let&rsquo;s
    teach this bitch to crawl,&rdquo; came a harsh voice and she was dragged
    from the room, men all around her as she stumbled and tried to find her balance.
    A door nearby was flung open and she was thrown onto the floor of a dark
    room. She curled up on her side in a protective ball. Several men were in
    the room, moving around noisily.   
Two bright white interrogation
    spot lamps were trained on her, causing her to squint against the harsh light.
    A loud scraping noise caused her to look up and she saw a man from the other
    room, unshaven and wearing a vest, arranging two stands with heavy bases
    and fixings halfway up their length. Another, in uniform, stood by the wall
    inspecting his fingernails. She was aware of the presence of others outside
    her field of view.   
When the unshaven man
    was happy with the arrangement of the stands, he walked over to the girl
    and grabbed her left leg. He produced an iron shackle and clamped it around
    her ankle. She tried to kick him but he was far too strong, and before long
    had also shackled the other ankle.   
He then dragged her across
    the floor and proceeded to fix her ankles to the stands which he adjusted
    so that, lying on her back with her arms underneath her bottom, her legs
    were bent at roughly right angles. Her feet were about shoulder-width apart
    and she was glad that they were not any wider &ndash;she felt exposed enough
    as it was.   
It was quiet in the room
    and she could hear the breathing of the men. The officer took a cigarette
    from his pocket and lit it with a match. Yelena followed the glowing tip
    to his lips. The fear rising again, she began to look frantically around.
    What were they going to do to her?   
The answer came soon enough.
    Looking between her legs, she saw that the unshaven man had produced a thick
    wooden cane. He stood in the darkness, inspecting her, and she was unable
    to tell if his bright eyes were looking over her face or between her legs.
    He tapped the cane firmly into his palm, testing it.   
Yelena realised what he
    was about to do and, knowing that any protest or pleas would be useless,
    began hyperventilating, remembering that when she was near unconsciousness
    the pain was lessened. She continued to do so as she watched him take up
    position alongside her shackled feet.   
Her breathing slowed sharply
    as she saw the man flex and move the cane back. Then there was the sound
    as it cut through the air and the dull thud as it struck hard against the
    soles of her feet. At this she screamed in agony and tasted blood as she
    bit into her lower lip. Her eyes were full of tears as she looked around
    desperately, her mouth twisted by the pain and trauma.   
Then he began in earnest.
    Without pausing for more than a couple of seconds at a time, he beat her
    repeatedly, her body jerking with each stroke and contorting in all directions
    in a futile attempt to lessen the excruciating pain. The smoking man observed
    that she tended to lift her pelvis off the floor just after each stroke,
    as she tried to straighten her legs and move away from the blows, which allowed
    him a good view of her vulva. The room echoed with the woman&rsquo;s pathetic,
    child-like howling punctuated only by a sharp sucking in of air with every
    impact.   
Again and again the blows
    rained on her tender feet and she truly thought she might die from the pain
    until at last the man in the vest paused to catch his breath. She stopped
    screaming and began crying uncontrollably. Tears streamed down her cheeks
    which were covered with blood from her nose and with dirt from the floor,
    causing dark lines over her face.   
The door to the room was
    opened. Thank God, she thought, it&rsquo;s over. A figure entered the room
    closing the door behind him. From his shape she recognised the young man
    who had ordered the beating. He looked over the woman lying on the floor,
    naked, sobbing, shaking, face swollen and feet bruised and bloody chained
    to the posts. She was staring at him with an imploring look in her eyes.
    He was pleased.   
&ldquo;Continue,&rdquo; he
    said, casually.   
Yelena faded in and out
    of consciousness as the beating went on and on. Finally, it was over.   
As two of the men started
    handling the stands, she thought at last that her torment was at and end.
    But instead of unshackling her ankles, they merely dragged the two stands
    further apart. Her legs were now splayed wide with her cunt on full view.
    Looking between her knees, she saw the young man rubbing his crotch vigorously.   
Indeed the men were enjoying
    the view. The girl&rsquo;s pale body was covered with sweat and dirt. She
    had contorted herself so much during the beating that, despite being chained
    on her back, her breasts were streaked with black. She was obviously broken
    mentally and did not even seem to care that she was exposed in such a crude
    way. Her feet were bleeding, and blood ran down her calves and was spotting
    on the floor.   
Again, she realised that
    she was about to be raped. She had no energy to resist them, which would
    in any case have been pointless with her hands and legs chained, and tried
    to stay calm. Even so, her breathing quickened and her chest started shaking
    as the first of them approached her unzipping his trousers. Almost immediately
    he was on top and inside her, thrusting brutally as he grabbed her hair and
    pulled her head towards him.   
The young man watched
    impassively as the prisoner was used by his comrades. When they had finished,
    he went over and unchained her feet from the posts, letting them drop to
    the floor.   
&ldquo;On your knees,&rdquo; he
    repeated to the shattered girl. Without any defiance now she tried to comply.
    Someone helped her up and steadied her. She drifted out of consciousness
    and was brought back with a slap to each cheek. When he put his penis into
    her mouth she was unable to suck him, despite encouragement, so he fucked
    her throat as hard as he could, coming quickly and choking her with his ejaculate.
    Finishing, he tossed her aside onto the floor where she fell and lay, motionless.   
***   
During the weeks that
    followed, Yelena was subjected to relentless abuse and later she would remember
    only fragments of this time. Long periods of isolation and deprivation lying
    chained and naked on the floor of her tiny cell were punctuated by bursts
    of agony and humiliation as she was periodically pulled out to be gang-raped,
    beaten or tortured. Unable to walk, she would be dragged to familiar rooms
    and returned later on a crude stretcher to be sealed up again in the darkness
    where she slept, fitfully, semen oozing from her body. Sometimes she would
    be forced to endure the noises made by her companions as they were worked
    on, knowing that she would be making the same hideous sounds again before
    long. She would remember too the occasional relief: drinking urine or even,
    sometimes, water from a bucket maintained by the guards; gulping down cold
    slop as her head was held in the feeding trough; being hosed down with icy
    water when they decided she smelled rough; flinching at the sting of the
    antiseptic applied by the doctor to her wounds to prevent infection.   
But generally it was the
    abuse that she would remember most. To the daily rapes, whether on the dirty
    mattress, on her knees, or over a table, she became accustomed and inured.
    But the effect of the torture never diminished. And the sessions went on
    and on long after she had screamed herself hoarse. Strapped kneeling to the
    frame, an electric baton in her anus or vagina, a damp rag stuffed in her
    mouth to stop her biting her tongue. Current surging through her weak, white
    body. Sexual confessions to keep them amused and delay the next press of
    the button. Head held down in a bucket of water as she was shocked or fucked
    from behind. Hung by her wrists from the ceiling, toes just touching the
    floor, flogged across her breasts or back until she passed out to the repetitive
    crack of the heavy strap as it bit into her flesh.   
There came a time when
    Yelena heard a commotion outside her cell. Numerous voices and footsteps
    could be heard outside, and the doors to several cells were being opened.
    Soon she heard the key turn in hers. As she was pulled to her feet she was
    aware of people all around her, orders being barked which, in her dazed state,
    she could not follow. Her injured feet had recovered somewhat and, though
    each step caused shooting pains in her legs, she was able to hobble, propelled
    along by the guards at her sides. She was being taken in a new direction.
    Suddenly, the sensation of the cold, damp air on her skin and the change
    in the quality of sound of the footsteps told her she was outside. A few
    more steps and the hard concrete under her feet was replaced by soft ground.   
As she was being forced
    down onto her knees, she realised that there were others around her: other
    bodies, stumbling, chains clattering. She heard a man coughing, a nasty,
    asthmatic wheeze. None tried to speak. From the sound of their breathing,
    however, she became aware of at least one person on either side, and others
    in front of her, further away. Men walked around them, their heavy boots
    sinking into the earth. The damp air muffled the sounds, making them seem
    detached, insubstantial.   
It had begun to rain,
    and soft droplets soon covered her shoulders, turning into little rivulets
    which ran down her spine and between her breasts. Someone nearby began to
    sob, a male voice perhaps she thought. The soft ground felt good under her
    knees and the rain, cloaking her, covering her skin, felt good too, somehow
    comforting. She was connected again to the world, gently, softly. It was
    a sensation she had almost forgotten.   
The peace was broken by
    a click, faint but audible and unmistakeable. Yelena jerked upright as the
    sound of the first shot cracked through the air. A hand on her shoulder stayed
    her and her heart began pounding in her chest. There was a thud as a body
    fell. No one spoke. Two more shots rang out, each accompanied its inevitable,
    consequential, dull echo. Yelena was shaking, less from fear than pure adrenaline.
    Then another shot, close to her head, deafening her left ear, and then a
    crumpling, forward, down.   
Yelena felt the hard tip
    of a gun barrel against the back of her head. She thought she would have
    been ready for this. Quick release at last. But she was not ready to die,
    and she fought against the hand holding her down as panic overcame her and
    her terror became so great that she heard it, like a tornado tearing through
    her brain.   
She heard the click of
    the hammer and waited for the bullet to end her, thinking for a moment that
    time had slowed for her in this state. But the bullet never came. The first
    impact she felt was that of a boot between her shoulder blades. As she pitched
    forward, her hood came off, presumably held by someone. Falling forward,
    she saw hooded naked bodies. Then she was among the corpses. Her head lay
    against one, a man. Had it not been for the warmth, she would have supposed
    it long dead. For the skin, crisscrossed with deep black scars, was strangely
    coloured, with patches of black and green and purple. She realised that these
    were bruises, and was shocked as she looked down at her own body in the daylight
    and saw her appearance.   
She looked up, towards
    the top of the shallow grave and saw the men standing, laughing at her. One
    was leaning on a spade. She began to scream. Even after they pulled her up,
    her hysterics continued and they had to knock her out to silence her.   
***   
After the executions,
    Yelena&rsquo;s sessions became less and less frequent. Sometimes she was
    left for days in the cell before being pulled out, near dead with thirst
    and hunger. When she was raped, it was increasingly perfunctory. The assaults
    were as much a part of her life, and as irregular, as her bowel movements.
    Bent passively over a table, a few quick, hard thrusts into whichever hole
    appealed, and then up on her feet again. Even the torture seemed to bore
    them, Yelena by now so weak that would pass out too easily.   
It was during this period
    that she was brought to the office of one of the senior officers. Collapsing
    onto a wooden chair, the hood removed from her head, she found herself in
    a room the likes of which she had not seen for months. Bright sunlight shone
    through a set of blinds, illuminating every corner. A pleasant smell of tobacco
    filled her nostrils. Instead of the familiar bare walls, harsh lighting and
    torture equipment, she looked around to see a cluttered administration environment,
    combined, it seemed, with living quarters: papers piled on filing cabinets,
    a telephone and fax machine, a kettle and Primus stove near the window, an
    open door revealing the foot of a small bed. Eventually her eyes settled
    on the middle-aged man standing behind a large desk, partially obscured by
    a cloud of cigarette smoke. He was watching her, eyeing her intently, but
    for some reason she did not feel afraid of him.   
Yelena was unaccustomed
    to being seated. The sharp pains in her bottom caused her to shift from buttock
    to buttock, finally finding some relief by sitting forwards, pushing down
    on the chair with her hands which were, as usual, chained behind her back.
    Looking between her legs, she saw that a pool of liquid had formed. She had
    been incontinent for some time. Afraid that he might be angry with her, she
    looked up hesitantly. But he appeared not to notice.   
Without speaking, he turned
    away and picked up a tin from a high shelf. Placing it on the desk, and using
    a small metal gadget, he proceeded to cut around the rim. As he pulled back
    the lid, Yelena caught another fine smell: baked beans. Turning away, he
    lit the stove. Pouring the contents of the tin into a small battered saucepan,
    he began cooking, now and then testing the beans with his finger. The telephone
    on the desk started ringing but he ignored it. After a while it stopped.
    He did not look back at her. The smell of warm beans filled the room.   
Satisfied that the temperature
    of the beans was just right, he removed the pan from the stove and brought
    it over, placing it on the desk a short distance from her. She noticed a
    name card: a simple piece of paper folded down the middle and propped up
    on the desk. The name read: Lt I. Ivashko.   
Ivashko perched on the
    side of the desk next to Yelena.   
&ldquo;Would you like
    some?&rdquo; he asked, unthreateningly. But she was afraid and hung her head,
    shaking it slightly.   
&ldquo;Go on, it&rsquo;s
    good. I&rsquo;d like to share it with you.&rdquo;   
His voice was reassuring
    and the gurgling in her stomach reminded Yelena how malnourished she was.
    She looked up at him. &ldquo;Please,&rdquo; she asked.   
He had a small metal spoon
    in his hand, which he wiped a couple of times on his trouser leg. Dipping
    it in the pan, he lifted it to her mouth. She watched it rise. There were
    five beans on the spoon, and they were steaming. She opened her lips and
    he placed them in her mouth. She swallowed, and the shock of hot food for
    the first time in so long almost caused her to spit them up again. But she
    held them, and almost at once they were in her stomach, producing a lovely
    warm sensation in her chest.   
He continued to feed her
    until all the beans had been eaten. Even so, she continued to fix her eyes
    on the remains of the sauce coating the empty pan. He stood up and took it
    away, then returned with a piece of toilet paper and wiped the sticky orange
    deposit from her chin and dabbed her breast where it had dripped down. Noticing
    the heavy bruising, he was particularly careful and she did not feel any
    discomfort. Yelena sat back, satisfied, sleepy. Ivashkoseated himself in
    the office chair on the far side of the desk.   
&ldquo;What&rsquo;s your
    name, dear,&rdquo; he asked. &ldquo;Your Christian name?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Yelena,&rdquo; she
    replied. He stopped to think for a moment.   
&ldquo;Yelena,&rdquo; he
    said, &ldquo;I saw you out there. From my window. When my men shot your comrades.&rdquo; The
    words triggered pain and her eyes became moist at the awful memory.   
&ldquo;I saw you and then,
    later, I asked for you to be brought here. Do you know why?&rdquo; he continued,
    his face opening up to her.   
She knew the obvious answer. &ldquo;To&hellip;to
    have sex with me,&rdquo; she answered, cautiously.   
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s what
    I told them,&rdquo; he corrected her, &ldquo;but I&rsquo;m not going to do
    that you.&rdquo; Ivashko sat back in his chair and picked up a dead cigarette
    from the ashtray, relighting it and drawing hard on the limp tube.   
&ldquo;I have a daughter
    about your age. How old are you, by the way?&rdquo; he added as an afterthought.   
&ldquo;Twenty four,&rdquo; she
    replied.   
&ldquo;Oh. She&rsquo;s
    a little older than you I guess. Had her quite young. Anyway, she&hellip;Well,
    she&rsquo;s a beautiful woman. And thank God she knows nothing of this world,
    the one we two have to endure. Sent her away, before the war. She&rsquo;s
    in IT. Good salary.&rdquo; As he spoke, a broad smile spread over his wistful
    face. Yelena did not reflect his smile.   
&ldquo;You&rsquo;re someone&rsquo;s
    daughter too. I look at you and think, God, what if you were mine? What if
    my daughter ended up like you? It&rsquo;s just too awful to think about.&rdquo; She
    thought for a moment he was trying to upset her but he seemed strangely genuine.   
&ldquo;Girls like you
    shouldn&rsquo;t be mixed up in this. Look at you, at what they&rsquo;ve done!
    They&rsquo;ve taken everything, haven&rsquo;t they? And, you know, it&rsquo;s
    going to get worse for you. They&rsquo;ll get tired of everyday cruelty and
    then they&rsquo;re going to amuse themselves by tearing you to pieces in
    worse ways than you or I can imagine. Yes, that is what they are going to
    do. And why?&rdquo; he paused in his lecture, rhetorically.   
&ldquo;Why not? That&rsquo;s
    how men think when there are no rules. They enjoy it. It satisfies them to
    see women suffer. They think women like you deserve to be abused and destroyed.
    They&rsquo;re kids and they&rsquo;ve got you to pick on.&rdquo; He paused
    again, waiting for her reaction. Yelena was absorbing his words.   
&ldquo;Why&hellip;why
    can&rsquo;t you&hellip;tell them not to?&rdquo; she asked, hopefully.   
&ldquo;They don&rsquo;t
    answer to me! I&rsquo;ve just&hellip;I&rsquo;ve taken an interest in you.
    The commander here &ndash;he despises you people, with good reason. Wouldn&rsquo;t
    even stoop to rape you. He gets off just knowing you&rsquo;re here, still
    alive, suffering.&rdquo;   
At this, he rose from
    his chair and began to walk around the room. Yelena, whose spirits had been
    buoyed by the good food and kind treatment, began to feel despondent again.
    She had no doubt that what he said was true: she had learned enough about
    men&rsquo;s real nature during the previous weeks.   
&ldquo;I can help you,&rdquo; he
    said, abruptly, surprising her. &ldquo;I can get you out of here.&rdquo;   
Yelena could barely believe
    what was happening. She had lost hope and now, perhaps, there was some chance.
    Some possibility of ending this nightmare. She was cautious, because if she
    were given a gift like this there must be some great cost. And perhaps that
    would prove too much. But, for the first time since she had entered this
    place, she began to hope.   
Ivashko put his right
    hand behind his back to retrieve something tucked into his belt, and placed
    it on the table before Yelena. It was a revolver.   
Yelena stared at the weapon
    for some time, then looked up at him, full of fear and uncertainty.   
&ldquo;I can end it for
    you now,&rdquo; he said, compassionately. &ldquo;It will be quick and it
    won&rsquo;t hurt, I promise.&rdquo;   
Recovering from her shock
    at his proposal, Yelena became calm and still. The warmth of the beans was
    still glowing in her stomach. The bright sunlight streamed in through the
    window blinds, forming a vivid pattern of light and shade across the room.
    The smell of good tobacco filled her nostrils. She was reminded of the smoky
    smell of her father as he sat with her, helping with her schoolwork, long
    ago, long before he was killed.   
The gun was black, heavy
    and solid. Yes, it would easily dispatch her in an instant. Crush her into
    nothing. Release her from her ruined body. It was a comforting thought.   
But something inside her
    fought it. Some irrational programming told her that it was simply unacceptable,
    spiritually, biologically, whatever. That she should rail against this cowardly
    option. She was a fighter after all. For a moment she felt the surge of defiance
    that had possessed her just before her first beating.   
&ldquo;I can&rsquo;t,&rdquo; she
    replied, eventually. &ldquo;Please. Don&rsquo;t kill me. I&hellip;I&rsquo;m
    not ready.&rdquo;   
Ivashko cast his eyes
    down momentarily with a sigh. Then he returned to his chair, sitting down
    heavily.   
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s OK,&rdquo; he
    said, reassuring her. &ldquo;You&rsquo;re a tough one. Not always good to
    be tough.&rdquo; He was silent for a long while.   
&ldquo;Anyway,&ldquo; he
    continued at last, raising his voice, &ldquo;we won&rsquo;t meet again. I&hellip;&rdquo; his
    voice trailed away. Then he picked up the phone, and reported that he had
    finished with her. Soon the door opened and the hood was being pulled over
    her head, shutting out the sunlight. Then she was on her feet being marched
    away, back to the cells.   
Before she was locked
    away, the guard commanded her to stand while he unchained her wrists. Then,
    instructing her to turn around, he cuffed them together again at her front.
    A metal door was opened and she was pushed inside, still standing. To her
    surprise, she felt the hood being removed before she was pushed forward and
    the door slammed behind her. Despite the total darkness of the cell, the
    relief at the removal of the hood made her almost euphoric and, as she moved
    tentatively around, she discovered that the new cell was somewhat larger
    than the old: enough headroom to stand, and around four square metres in
    area. She remained standing, enjoying the opportunity to flex her legs, rolling
    her shoulders to relieve the stiffness in her joints. Ivashko must have arranged
    this, she thought. She was grateful for this extraordinary kindness.   
Over the following days,
    she had much time for contemplation. The other cells seemed unoccupied and
    sounds from the rest of the building rarely penetrated the thick steel door.
    Cold food and water was brought now and then and she was able to feed in
    her cell. She was even given a bucket in which to defecate and had long grown
    accustomed to the smell of her urine which seeped slowly into the concrete
    floor. She was not tortured at all during this period, and raped infrequently.
    Either they had grown bored with her or had found some new activity to occupy
    their time.   
The experience with the
    Lieutenant, unprecedented and unexpected, haunted her as she lay in the darkness.
    She dwelt on her decision. It was the occasion when she had begun to examine
    her mortality. Even while enduring the worst of the tortures or when awaiting
    her execution, she had been so traumatized that she had been unable to think
    cogently. Now she had the time to prepare for the inevitable, for death.
    She recalled what she could of the Bible, heard Sister Julia&rsquo;s lessons
    again in her mind. She thought about God&rsquo;s love for her, the special
    place she had in his heart. About the new life which awaited her, full of
    light and warmth and without hunger or pain. She was, she believed, a good
    person. She had killed men and women, in war. Children too, it was true,
    not personally, she hoped, but she had been part of it. Surely, though, it
    was right. The war was just. Knowing now, as she did, about the savagery,
    the inhumanity of the enemy.   
With a start, it struck
    her that this might be her Purgatory, the place she was forced to face her
    guilt, to come to terms with it. She had felt it, every time she had killed.
    God, perhaps this was all to teach her that she should have none. That they
    all deserved to be exterminated. Perhaps.   
But the more she wrestled
    with her religion, the more confused she became and the less comfort it brought
    her. In the end, the only part of her teaching that made sense was the story
    of Job. That, she understood now. Awesome, angry, male God. Making his victim
    suffer like a wasp on a skewer. Why? Because I can, he had said. Well, fuck
    you, she thought and it came out, aloud. Later, she would be wracked by sobs
    of loneliness.   
Footsteps could be heard
    approaching down the hallway. They were somewhat unusual, the pattern more
    complicated, erratic, than the regular steady pace of the guard. When the
    door was flung open, she caught sight momentarily of two silhouettes. The
    second was unmistakably female, the curves of her hips and breasts outlined
    against the bright light as she was pushed towards her. The figure lost her
    footing and fell forward onto Yelena. Then the cell door was slammed shut
    and a key turned in the lock. Both women sprang apart and pressed themselves
    into opposite corners of the dark chamber, touching feet briefly before separating
    completely. Both sat listening to the combined sounds of their breathing,
    which gradually slowed and softened.   
&ldquo;Yelena?&rdquo; came
    a timid, nervous voice. She recognised it immediately. It was Natasha, who
    was, of course, dead.   
&ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; she
    replied, noncommittally.   
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s me.
    Natasha,&rdquo; continued the voice with faint despair.   
&ldquo;I know,&rdquo; Yelena
    responded. This bizarre development had upset her careful, solitary balance
    and she was uncertain, confused. She sat for a while, keeping her distance,
    waiting for something horrible to happen. But nothing did. All was still
    and the only sound was their breathing. Then, to her surprise, she broke
    down in floods of tears. Clumsily, the two women found each other and knelt
    embracing, shaking and weeping, in the midst of the darkness.   
Later, Yelena sat against
    the wall, her arms around Natasha who lay curled up in her lap, weeping.
    Her thighs and belly were wet with Natasha&rsquo;s tears. Slowly, Natasha
    raised her head, and little by little, moved up her body as if she hoped
    Yelena would not notice. Then Yelena felt her mouth on her right breast.
    She heard a murmur: &ldquo;Mummy&hellip;&rdquo; before her lips closed and
    Natasha began sucking on her nipple, which began to swell. Now she was sucking
    at it, hungrily, painfully and Yelena pushed her away a little. She slowed
    her pace but continued.   
Yelena felt weird and
    embarrassed but, seeing Natasha&rsquo;s distress, allowed her to persist,
    moving her to her left breast to ease the discomfort. As she sat there, images
    of babies came to her. Earlier, alone in her cell, she had often worried
    that she might be pregnant, a thought that filled her with disgust. She did
    not know if she was still having her period. Although she would sometimes
    see blood on her thighs during her sessions, she could not tell whether it
    was due to menstruation or to the abuse of her vagina. But she had reassured
    herself that, considering the stress and malnourishment she was suffering,
    it was most unlikely that she could conceive.   
Now she thought instead,
    wistfully, of the children she would never have. Although she had not been
    broody, she had always imagined she would have two or three, in the future.
    No, that chance had gone forever, like the rest of her life. Tears filled
    her eyes.   
Natasha had stopped suckling
    and had grown still.   
&ldquo;Why do you think
    they&rsquo;ve put us here, together?&rdquo; she asked, all of a sudden. Yelena
    had been wondering about this herself.   
&ldquo;Probably they think
    they can turn us into lesbians, so they can get off on watching us,&rdquo; she
    replied. She felt Natasha nod. Yelena took the opportunity to strike up a
    conversation.   
&ldquo;You know, Natasha,
    I thought you were dead. I&hellip;I never heard you after, you know. What&hellip;where
    were you?&rdquo; she asked, cautiously.   
&ldquo;I&hellip;I&hellip;they&hellip;&rdquo; Natasha
    tried to respond. She was unable to say any more and began choking, then
    convulsing as if she was trying to vomit. She broke free from Yelena&rsquo;s
    embrace and knelt shaking and retching, a few inches away. Yelena, distressed,
    moved over and held her gently during the long time it took for her to calm
    again.   
In the blackness, they
    now lay as before. Natasha seemed to be in control of herself again. They
    spoke now and again, in low voices, as if afraid of being overheard.   
Suddenly, people were
    outside the door. Then the door was opened and they were pulled apart, out
    into the hall.   
****   
The two girls stood motionless
    as their handcuffs were removed. They did as they were ordered, and stood,
    side-by-side, hands behind their heads and feet apart. When told to stick
    out their chests, they did so without hesitation. In the darkness behind
    the spot lights, the men scrutinised them, commenting crudely. The general
    view was that Natasha, on the left, had better tits. But that the other one
    could really take a beating, which was considered a strong plus. They were
    told to turn around, to bend over and part their buttocks, which they did,
    stoically. Grunts and cheers came from the audience. &ldquo;Nasty!&rdquo; came
    a voice as they examined the marks on their behinds. The final decision was
    that the one on the left was an eight and the one on the right a seven. &ldquo;In
    good condition of course&rdquo; was the qualification.   
&ldquo;Right girls,&rdquo; they
    heard the organiser announce. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s lez it up for the lads,
    shall we? Come on, you dykes know what to do. And it better be good. You
    better make us hard. Or you just ain&rsquo;t gonna believe what we&rsquo;ll
    do to you.&rdquo; Someone blew a whistle.   
For a moment the girls
    remained still, each trying to pretend that the other did not exist. Then
    they turned to look at themselves. Yelena took in the dark circles around
    Natasha&rsquo;s eyes, the cuts and welts across her breasts, stomach and
    thighs, the bruises around her wrists, knees and ankles.   
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s OK,&rdquo; said
    Natasha, softly, and she moved towards Yelena, raising her hand with care.
    Yelena flinched a little, but allowed the hand to rest on the side of her
    head. Natasha came close.   
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s OK.
    We&rsquo;ll look after each other. Come,&rdquo; she whispered, and Yelena
    felt her breath on her cheek. Then the other girl turned and took her head
    in both hands, pressing their breasts together. After the roughness of all
    the men, the sensation was soft and gentle, and Yelena felt her body tingle.
    Then Natasha&rsquo;s lips were on hers and she found herself opening her
    mouth to her as she shut her eyes. Shouts of approval came from their observers.
    They remained standing for a while, running their hands over each other&rsquo;s
    backs and buttocks and thighs, careful to respond when a painful spot was
    touched. Yelena, losing herself in the tenderness, began to bury her head
    in Natasha&rsquo;s neck and hold her more tightly, until subtle pressure
    reminded her that they were here to display themselves.   
Maintaining their embrace,
    they fell to their knees. Again, a firm hand on her right shoulder told Yelena
    to lie back onto the floor, which was hard but not uncomfortable, and she
    squinted against the bright spotlights. Natasha moved across her, shielding
    her from its intensity until she straddled her, breasts swaying close to
    her face.   
&ldquo;Yeah! Shake that
    arse for us, bitch. Stick it in the air!&rdquo; came a call from the audience.
    Natasha ignored it and lowered her mouth to Yelena&rsquo;s left breast. With
    a hint of defensiveness, Yelena put her hands around Natasha&rsquo;s head.
    She felt her hot breath on the nipple and then it was in Natasha&rsquo;s
    mouth, rolled and flicked lightly by her tongue. A hand was on her other
    breast, kneading it gently in sympathy. Yelena felt her nipples harden and
    heat wash over her face.   
Natasha did not meet her
    eyes, but worked her way slowly down the girl&rsquo;s prone body, circling
    her navel with wide arcs of her tongue. Then hands were on her knees, parting
    them and she felt cool breath amongst her pubic hair. She cried out a little
    as Natasha&rsquo;s mouth closed on her vulva, which the men interpreted as
    their first real sign of sexual pleasure. In fact, it was painful for her,
    as Natasha at once realised, and began to kiss her gently, blowing cool air
    on her tender folds.   
After a few more moments,
    Natasha rose and, turning round, positioned herself over her. Yelena looked
    up at the dark thatch overhead. Then the other girl was on top of her and
    Yelena squirmed at the intimate contact along the length of her body. It
    was claustrophobic and she felt trapped, almost fighting to get up. But she
    relaxed and, as Natasha closed her thighs around her, became enveloped in
    her soft, curvaceous body.   
Because Natasha knew that
    the men could not see what she was doing, and not wishing to cause her pain,
    she mimed the action of her tongue against Yelena&rsquo;s clitoris, moving
    her head in wide, exaggerated circles. At the same time she ground her vulva
    against Yelena&rsquo;s mouth and felt her respond, pulling her in with her
    hands on her buttocks. It felt good as Yelena&rsquo;s tongue probed into
    her vagina and she began to grow wet. Unconsciously, both girls were bucking
    their hips in a slow rhythm. She chanced to lick Yelena&rsquo;s dry labia
    and did not feel her flinch. So she continued, splaying them with her hand,
    working deeper with her tongue. Yelena had begun to circle her clitoris with
    her tongue and Natasha emulated this, trying to keep time with the slow,
    swirling motions. After a while she sensed that Yelena was losing pace and
    found her mouth was full of liquid. Against her breasts, Yelena&rsquo;s stomach
    was hard, straining, and her legs were trembling. Suddenly, she came, crushing
    her with her thighs, muffling her cries against Natasha&rsquo;s loins.   
&ldquo;Yes!&rdquo; exclaimed
    a voice, and then some cheers. Yelena continued to quiver under her and,
    as Natasha lifted her body, she turned to her side and curled up, sobbing.   
Before Natasha was fully
    upright, hands grabbed her and forced her again to the floor. Yelena too
    found herself surrounded and was flipped onto her stomach. Spreadeagled,
    pinned down by hands at her arms and ankles, Natasha gritted her teeth as
    she was raped. Gritting them against the wails and the screams coming from
    the floor nearby.   
***   
In the cell, Natasha held
    Yelena in silence. The latter had not spoken for many hours, despite Natasha&rsquo;s
    soft words as she tried to console her. She seemed ashamed and curled away
    whenever Natasha tried to stroke her hair. Natasha, feeling fluid dripping
    down between her legs, was thinking that she could make it through this,
    somehow. It troubled her that she could now deal with rape so casually. But
    it really did not affect her much anymore. Eventually Yelena spoke.   
&ldquo;They&rsquo;re going
    to kill us soon,&rdquo; she said, blankly. Natasha did not respond.   
When the guards came for
    them again, they expected to be called on for a repeat performance. But this
    was not to be the case. Side by side, they were frog-marched outside and
    across the compound over to a concrete structure which both recognised from
    their training. It was early morning, and a thin mist hung in the air. Both
    girls began to shiver.   
Two men pushed past them,
    each carrying one of the heavy stands on which Yelena had been bound months
    earlier. They placed them down, exhaling with relief, on the gravel ground
    between two thick concrete partitions. Yelena was afraid and did not look
    at Natasha until she heard the sound of chains and turned aside to see them
    cuffing her wrists behind her back. She looked down at her own bound wrists,
    fear growing as the girls were separated.   
Strong hands held her
    fast as Natasha was forced to the ground and her ankles shackled to the two
    stands. With a loud scraping noise, they were dragged apart, spreading her
    wide, obscenely. Yelena stared embarrassed at her exposed loins, aware now
    of how she herself had been displayed to her captors. She noticed that Natasha
    had raised her head and was watching her, the traces of panic showing in
    her eyes.   
&ldquo;Who&rsquo;s got
    our little sex toy?&rdquo; asked one of the men. &ldquo;Come on, give it
    to me.&rdquo;   
Holding something, he
    made his way forward and stood between her legs, looking down at the girl,
    who began to shift and struggle against the immobile restraints, her gluteal
    muscles standing proud against the skin of her outstretched thighs.   
Turning back to the rest
    of them, he showed off his toy. At the sight of it, Yelena cried out and
    fell back, swooning, held up by the solid man behind her. As the blackness
    faded from her eyes, she saw him pull out the pin. Then his back was to her
    and he was on his knees, forcing his hand between Natasha&rsquo;s legs, punching
    into her repeatedly, hard. She began to shake wildly, rattling the stands,
    writhing to escape, screaming hysterically. Suddenly, the man rose and ran
    back over to them, panting.   
They were all about ten
    yards from Natasha and they all counted the seconds. Natasha now was almost
    completely still, her thighs quivering barely controllably.   
Yelena, in shock, was
    thrown forwards and stood between them. She heard laughter behind.   
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s it,
    darling. Go and get it out. Careful now. You there, keep that cunt tight!&rdquo; More
    coarse laughter. Her eyes stinging, she half-turned to them.   
&ldquo;For fuck&rsquo;s
    sake,&rdquo; she cried. It was all she could manage.   
She approached Natasha
    tentatively. The girl was staring at her, eyes wild, crazy, desperate. She
    was begging for something. Yelena, speechless, was unable to offer any comfort
    as she knelt down between her legs. She wished that Natasha would stop shaking
    but was afraid to touch her.   
She could see the shiny
    top of the hand grenade glinting in the light. It had been inserted so that
    the strike lever was held in place by Natasha&rsquo;s vaginal wall. Thank
    God the spring wasn&rsquo;t any stronger.   
&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t move,&rdquo; she
    said, as sternly and confidently as she could muster. Natasha continued to
    shake, but was clearly trying to cooperate.   
Gingerly, she placed her
    thumb and forefinger on the gleaming tip, lifting her chained arms together.
    Spreading the girl&rsquo;s labia delicately with her left hand, she dipped
    her fingers further. Natasha was a little wet, a protective response no doubt
    to the fisting she had just received.   
Yelena held her breath
    as she worked her hand delicately into Natasha&rsquo;s vagina, fighting her
    clenched muscles. At last, it closed around the grenade. OK, she thought,
    exhaling. Hard part over. Then she realised something, with rising apprehension.
    What if the grenade rotated as she extracted it, or the strike lever sprang
    open out of the girl&rsquo;s vulva? She might just get away, but Natasha
    would be blown to pieces. There would be no way she could dig it out in time.
    Oh God, she muttered. She looked up at Natasha, whose head was back and was
    staring into space. She was whimpering and seemed to have lost her senses.   
Feeling around the grenade,
    she manipulated her hand until her palm rested against the dangerous lever.
    She breathed again, three times, deeply. Then closed her fist tight against
    the metal and pulled sharply. Suddenly, she was looking down at it, her hand
    glistening with Natasha&rsquo;s juices. She stood up, dumbly,   
&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t move!&rdquo; screamed
    an order, and she froze. &ldquo;Turn round and I&rsquo;ll shoot&rdquo;.   
Perhaps, she thought as
    she stood looking down at poor Natasha, who was now crying like a baby and
    appeared unaware of where she was, perhaps I can throw this back before the
    first shot hits. That would be worth it. Quick now, no thinking about it,
    just do it. For the both of us.   
Without warning, Yelena
    jerked up her arms and released the grenade, ready for the gunfire. But again
    it did not come. She heard the grenade land with a crackle on the gravel
    behind. Peals of uproarious laughter rang out and she sank to her knees,
    spent. Her head span and she needed to throw up. Then she fainted.   
***   
Lying in the darkness,
    Yelena listened to Natasha&rsquo;s hysterical wails which failed to diminish
    in intensity with time. She had tried to hold her as she heard Natasha scraping
    her nails against the rough wall but the girl had shaken so violently at
    her touch that she had withdrawn into the corner.   
She still felt sick at
    the memory of the afternoon&rsquo;s game. Both at the horror at what had
    taken place, and the now inescapable knowledge that what Ivashko had said
    was soon to come about. She knew that they were both near the end. To her
    surprise, she felt ready to die now. Listening to Natasha&rsquo;s near-insane
    cries, she finally acknowledged that life held nothing for her. Let it come
    quick, she prayed, without confidence.   
Footsteps could be heard
    again outside the cell door.   
The girls again found
    themselves standing, hands behind their heads, displaying their bodies under
    harsh lights, in the same room where earlier they had made love in front
    of their captors. Dark shapes moved around them as the men settled down.
    But already Yelena could sense a different atmosphere to that of the previous,
    voyeuristic exhibition. Something in the men&rsquo;s voices and movements,
    indistinct but sinister. Her chest was trembling slightly as she looked down
    between her breasts to her feet. She was afraid to look at Natasha.   
&ldquo;Well, bitches,
    we&rsquo;ve been here before haven&rsquo;t we?&rdquo; began the self-appointed
    host in a menacing voice. Yelena swallowed.   
&ldquo;We want to see
    you whores get it on. We enjoyed that didn&rsquo;t we lads?&rdquo; he continued,
    to scattered murmurs of agreement.   
&ldquo;This time, we&rsquo;re
    not here to see those tongues in those slippery cunts. No, we want to see
    fists and teeth. You&rsquo;re going to show us your soldiering skills. A
    good, dirty fight.&rdquo; The others applauded enthusiastically.   
&ldquo;Fight&rsquo;s over
    when one of you stays down for ten. Understand? Winner&hellip;gets to suck
    me off first,&rdquo; he announced, to general laughter.   
&ldquo;Loser gets to spend
    the rest of the day with me and my friend Herr Bosch.&rdquo;   
As he said this, he raised
    his hand and waved a large tool in the air. For a moment, the outline was
    hard to make out but when he squeezed the trigger the familiar whirring noise
    informed both girls that he was brandishing an electric drill. Natasha began
    to choke and was soon racked with a fit of coughs.   
&ldquo;Good&hellip;so
    you see there&rsquo;s something worth fighting for. OK, cunts, five paces
    apart, face each other. Now!&rdquo;   
The girls let their arms
    fall and moved away, taking up their positions. Yelena looked over at Natasha,
    who looked ready to collapse. It would not be much of a fight. Natasha looked
    up at her, full of despair. &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t&hellip;&rdquo; she whispered.   
&ldquo;Yes you can, girl&rdquo; Yelena
    whispered back, cutting her off. &ldquo;Come on, let&rsquo;s make it look
    good and maybe it&rsquo;ll be OK.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Begin!&rdquo; boomed
    a loud voice, and someone blew the whistle.   
Yelena strode over to
    Natasha and, taking her by the shoulders, shook her hard, then pushed her
    back. The girl stumbled to regain her footing.   
&ldquo;Get with it, bitches!&rdquo; shouted
    the host. &ldquo;Fight properly or you&rsquo;ll both be getting it.&rdquo;   
Yelena slapped Natasha
    hard across the face. This seemed to rouse her and she lunged forward, pushing
    her away. Yelena made a fist, making sure Natasha saw it early, and darted
    her eyes at her opponent&rsquo;s stomach, signalling. She saw the muscles
    tense before she drove the punch home. Natasha doubled over, but remained
    standing, catching her breath.   
&ldquo;Come on, kick her
    in the head!&rdquo; shouted someone from the shadows. Yelena jumped at her,
    locking her arm around her neck, hand on her breast, twisting her.   
&ldquo;You&rsquo;ve got
    to fight me,&rdquo; she whispered before throwing her away from her body,
    elbowing her in the face accidentally as the other broke free.   
Natasha screwed up her
    eyes and, growling between clenched teeth, ran at Yelena, tackling her to
    the floor. Falling down on top of her, she lashed out clumsily with her fists,
    punching Yelena hard in her breasts, causing her momentarily to see stars.
    To defend herself, she in turn brought up her knee sharply between Natasha&rsquo;s
    legs, digging it into her soft flesh and knocking her aside.   
Getting to her feet, panting
    heavily, she looked down at Natasha who was now on all fours. She kicked
    her in the ribs with her heel, not hard enough to break a bone but hopefully
    enough to satisfy their tormentors. Natasha rolled onto the floor.   
 
&rdquo;That&rsquo;s not good enough,&rdquo; came an almost sing-song voice. &ldquo;Kick
her in the cunt!&rdquo;   
Yelena looked down at
    Natasha. She was bleeding from her nose and tears were streaming from her
    eyes. Her pale, emaciated body showed the scars of months of physical abuse.
    It looked as if they had been even more brutal with her, perhaps because
    they found her more attractive. She held her hand between her legs, feebly
    trying to protect herself. Looking up at Yelena, she mouthed the words: &ldquo;I
    can&rsquo;t&rdquo;.   
Yelena stood, immobile.
    She could not bring herself to hurt her again. She heard the voices of the
    men, baying for blood. The sound of the drill, whirring, threatening. For
    a moment she had a vision of Natasha, strung up, inverted, like a slab of
    meat, her blood draining from a dozen holes, still conscious.   
In that moment she made
    her decision. And in an instant she had Natasha by the hair, punching her
    hard in the face, letting her head fall, splattering blood over her, aiming,
    bringing her heel down with all her strength onto her throat once, twice,
    and again.   
&ldquo;No! No!&rdquo; she
    heard a male voice cry out through the rush of blood in her ears and she
    continued until she was pulled off the lifeless girl and thrown aside.   
&ldquo;She&rsquo;s dead,&rdquo; exclaimed
    someone in stunned surprise. For the moment no one looked at Yelena as they
    crowded round the body. Then the first turned around, his eyes glowering
    down at her.   
 
&rdquo;Bitch killed her. Fuck. Well I&rsquo;ll be fucked. Quite a firecracker,
aren&rsquo;t you, when you get going.&rdquo; He gazed at her, slightly awestruck.
Then he shook himself. Looking over his shoulder he called out.   
&ldquo;Hold her down for
    me. Careful now.&rdquo;   
Men were around her. Again
    she was forced onto her front, a man holding out her arms and others stretching
    her legs apart. A few moments passed while he loosened his clothing and then
    he was on her. She felt his thick cock as he fumbled between her buttocks.
    Then with a single hammer stroke it was in her rectum and he began to pump
    her hard, as roughly as he possibly could, tearing at her insides. She choked
    with each thrust but took it as she had learned to, screwing up her eyes.
    Opening them she looked to her side and saw the others playing with Natasha&rsquo;s
    corpse. Three had lifted it up off the ground to waist height and another
    was fucking it. Then they dropped it to the floor with a thud and, laughing,
    another began to abuse it from behind. The men holding Yelena down abandoned
    her and crowded over the corpse.   
Rage grew within her as
    she continued to be sodomised. Blood, everywhere she looked she saw blood,
    boiling, spurting, covering the walls. The same berserk force overtook her
    and she saw Natasha&rsquo;s bloody face as she had brought down her foot.
    With a loud grunt, the man ejaculated into her bowels and immediately pulled
    out, tearing at her tissues with his swollen glans as he did. Yelena rose
    too, twisting, her elbow making contact with his nose which yielded with
    a squelch. He knelt upright in surprise, yelping, bringing his hands to his
    face. Yelena threw herself at him, knocking him back to the floor. Other
    hands were on her now, but she had his hair in hers. And before they could
    grab her other arm, she drove her thumb into his eye socket. A wild scream
    echoed around the room and as they pulled her off she saw that his eyeball
    was out, dangling on its stalk. The other was flicking about as he emptied
    his lungs. Blows came at her from all directions, pummelling her into a pulp.
    She was on the floor, trying to roll into a ball but someone had her legs
    and then a heavy boot struck her chest and again and then it was all over.   
***   
Yelena came round very
    slowly and several minutes passed between her first flicker of consciousness
    and the point at which she could begin to make out the blurred features of
    her surroundings. She was in a small whitewashed bare room, a cell, dimly
    illuminated by light from a small barred window high above her. Her back
    propped against the wall, feet out in front of her, she was unable to move
    her lower body more than a twitch. Breathing was difficult, a sharp pain
    stabbing her in the ribs with every inhalation. She looked down at herself
    and saw that her breasts were streaked with dried dark liquid. The floor
    around her was sticky and, with great effort, she raised her left hand a
    little to discover that she was lying in a pool of blood. For a long time
    she lay there in silence, taking short, shallow breaths, waiting to die.   
Suddenly, all hell erupted.
    A bell sounded down the corridor, followed almost immediately by a near-deafening
    siren. She heard men running, shouting, barking urgent orders and receiving
    hasty acknowledgements. She heard vehicles and machinery outside, springing
    into life. Something, she thought wearily, is going on.   
At some point, against
    all this background noise, she made out the unmistakable signature of a helicopter,
    multiple helicopters, near, overhead. Almost immediately, the first explosion
    shook the building. Then, a salvo of rockets, whooshing in all directions
    and detonating everywhere. Plaster, shaken from the ceiling, fell to the
    floor near her feet. She heard automatic gunfire, distant, chattering from
    side to side.   
There was someone in the
    corridor outside. She heard a steel door being flung open some way along
    from her. Then almost at once, more automatic fire: a short burst, very near.
    More footsteps, hurried, then another door yanked open. Another burst. Then
    again. She heard the sliding of metal, and the key in the lock this time.
    Gunfire. Even closer now. The room next to hers. The metal sliding, then
    back again. No key turning. Then outside her door.   
The metal plate set into
    the door slid back and she stared momentarily into another pair of eyes.
    Then they vanished and she heard the tinkle of keys, then one in the lock.
    She saw the bolt move. The door was kicked open and he stood there, the soldier,
    frightened expression on his face, looking at her, darting his eyes along
    the corridor, then looking back.   
He aimed his AK at her
    and fired. There was an anticlimactic click. &ldquo;Shit,&rdquo; he said
    to the weapon. Fumbling, he ejected the spent clip and reached for another.   
A loud explosion shook
    the building, causing him to stumble. Then, almost immediately, she felt
    the pressure wave on her face and then the flash of another detonation as
    the wall behind him shattered, sending pieces of masonry flying towards them.
    The soldier, still fiddling with his weapon, was picked up and cast towards
    her, looking up stupidly for a fraction of a second before he was on top
    of her, absorbing the force of dozens of pieces of rubble as they rained
    down upon them.   
An acrid smell hung in
    the air and the room was full of dust. For a moment, the space around her
    was calm and still. The soldier twitched on top of her, groaning. He was
    crushing her, making it even harder to breathe.   
&ldquo;Get off me,&rdquo; she
    choked. He heard her, tried moving his head to one side, but just continued
    to groan.   
Yelena&rsquo;s left hand
    retained some degree of function and, as the two of them lay in their ghoulish
    embrace, she explored with it. She found his hip and trouser leg. And the
    butt of his pistol. Awkwardly, painfully, she manipulated it out of its holster
    with her thumb and forefinger. After many minutes, during which the man continued
    his irritating groaning, she managed to get it out and drop it to the floor.
    Then the exertion and the pain overtook her and she faded out.   
She came round some minutes
    later. Nothing appeared to have changed. After further efforts she had the
    gun in her hand, although she doubted she would be able to lift it. She felt
    for the safety, which was off.   
While she was unable to
    raise it from the floor, she managed to get it upright, resting on the butt,
    angling the barrel sideways and upwards. As soon as she had it correct she
    squeezed the trigger. Satisfyingly, the gun recoiled in her hand and she
    heard a muffled crack as the bullet buried itself in the soldier&rsquo;s
    side. &ldquo;Uh&hellip;&rdquo; was his only comment.   
It took several more minutes
    for him to die, leaking over her, but at last he let out his final breath.
    Yelena smiled and, spent, closed her eyes and waited. Time passed.   
***   
She was awoken to the
    sound of footsteps in the room. Another soldier, heavily armed, was inspecting
    the devastation. From his uniform, she recognised him as one of her own.
    He was not damaged. She watched him as he peered down at them, no hint of
    a reaction on his set face. He looked aside, turning away from them. Then
    he shot a glance back and she saw realisation on his face. Suddenly, he came
    alive. Dropping his weapon, he fell on them, pulling the dead soldier from
    her. The relief as the weight was removed was immense and she let out a small
    sigh. She would like to have waved, but found she was completely unable to
    move.   
He looked at her, his
    face betraying the awful sight she must be presenting. His mouth contorted
    itself but he could find no words for her.   
Then he was in motion,
    shouting, running out of the room. &ldquo;A survivor! We&rsquo;ve got a survivor.
    Help! Medics!&rdquo; His voice faded away.   
Alone again in the empty
    room, Yelena mulled over his words. A survivor. Hah. Now that was an unexpected
    turn of events. She was a survivor, somehow. That was not going to be easy
    to get her head around.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe K


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





