BDSM Library - A Long Walk




A Long Walk
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A plump young girl begins a path that will end in slavery and humiliation.A Long Walk   
   
Chapter One: Beth Captured   
Although Beth had been raised on a farm, she had been a spoilt and rather
  lazy child. He parents worked hard to ensure that she was comfortable, even
  though they weren't particularly wealthy. As a result of her parent's pampering,
  Beth was overweight, but only slightly. She was definitely full-figured though.
  Her ass was wonderfully rounded, and her thighs were broad and soft, as was
  her pale belly. She spent most of her time indoors, and as a result, her skin
  was white and smooth, particularly around her large, full breasts. Because
  she was young, her breasts were firm, despite their size. In fact, her breasts
  were perfect, firm enough to be attractive, yet large enough to be easily manipulated.
  Her aureoles were large and pale pink, forming a nice combination with her
  white skin, and her upper body was completed by her nipples, which sat small
  and hard in the center of each breast. Her tits were also incredibly sensitive,
  something she knew from her frequent masturbation sessions. Her favourite technique
  was to use one hand to stroke her tits and play with her nipples, while using
  the other to finger her pussy. So far, masturbation, and a few clumsy groping
  sessions with a boy from her local high school had been her only sexual experiences,
  and Beth was hoping the college would provide more opportunities.  
Besides masturbation, the only other physical activity Beth enjoyed was walking.
  She used to walk to school when she had attended the school in the center of
  town, and now that she had graduated she spent a lot of time walking in the
  shadier parts of her parents' farm. As a result of this, her legs were large,
  but toned, rather than muscular. Although she didn't know it, she had a wonderful,
  plump pussy, with full, heavy lips. Unfortunately, she kept them hidden behind
  a thick bush of red-brown hair. Her neglect of her pussy was her only lapse
  in grooming though, and she kept the rest of her body smooth and soft. She
  also looked after her face. She had light red hair which she kept in a simple
  ponytail, pale pouting lips, blue-green eyes and a down-turned nose; pretty,
  but not exceptional features.  
Beth's summer holiday, her last before college, had been dull so far. Her
  walks around her farm had become increasingly routine, and so she decided to
  begin exploring the woods around her house for more exiting walks. Her farm
  lay on the border of an old forest, and she could see the start of several
  paths from her bedroom window. One morning, with the sun already baking, she
  set out. She was dressed in a light blue tank top with a picture of a sunflower
  printed over her tits, and a small pair of khaki shorts. She didn't wear panties,
  but had to wear a bra to support her huge tits as she walked. She planned to
  walk through the old forest, until she came out the other side, then follow
  the road back to town. However, she had no idea of the length of the path and
  soon ran out of water. She tried to turn back, but lost her bearings and spent
  two hours wandering aimlessly through the forest. Her bare shoulders were crisscrossed
  with scratches from the low branches, and her body was slick with sweat as
  she plunged further into the woods. Eventually, exhausted and scared, she sank
  back against a boulder on the side of the path and passed out.  
She was woken by a hand pinching her flesh. She felt strong fingers gather
  a thick section of skin from where her belly was exposed between the top of
  her shorts and the bottom of her top. The fingers pinched her painfully, but
  their owner seemed satisfied with what he felt. "She'll do well, got just the
  right body," the owner of the finger said. Beth assumed that he was talking
  to someone else, although she was still too weak to raise her head and look.
  The man who was examining her also stood out of her sight, but Beth felt his
  fingers touching her again, this time slipping under the sodden waistband of
  her shorts and brushing to top of her pubic hair. "We'll have to do something
  about this though," he said, softly this time, so only Beth could hear it. "Come
  on cow, time to get moving." His voice was hard and business-like, and Beth
  was afraid to disobey, but she felt too weak to move. She pawed the ground
  meekly and tried to ask for water, but her tongue was so swollen and her throat
  so dry that the only sound that came out was a ragged grunt.  
Her overseer was displeased by her laziness. His hand was still lodged down
  the front of her shorts, and with a short sharp movement of his fingers, he
  plucked a bunch of pussy-hairs from the edge of her cunt. Beth twitched violently
  in response to the pain. It had woken her slightly, and she was able to look
  up at her abuser for the first time.  
Beth's wide, fearful eyes met the man's cold flat ones. "Stand up," he said
  simply, and once again his voice made Beth want to obey. This time, her desire
  to obey was combined with memory of the painful consequences of failing to
  do so. Unsteadily, she climbed to her feet. "Very good cow," she heard the
  man's voice clearly, although she could hardly stand up straight, "Now remove
  your shirt." Beth was on the verge of collapsing, yet the command seemed so
  forceful that she obeyed without even realizing. Her hands began to slide the
  hem of her shirt up over her smooth round belly. It was only when she reached
  the underside of her large white bra that she regained her self-control. She
  quickly covered herself, and stared at the ground. "Cow," the man said, and
  Beth instinctively looked up at him fast enough to catch a faint smile on his
  lips, "You were given an order." He stood in front of her, and she looked at
  the ground again. "Do you remember what happens when you don't follow orders?" he
  asked, his hand brushing the outside of her shorts, over her pussy. "Please
  give me some water," Beth managed to croak, but the hand caressing her crotch
  suddenly slid between her thighs a captured her pussy-lips in a strong pinch.  
Beth's body went ridged again. The man then loosened his grip, but kept a
  light hold on her lips. He noticed that her crotch was damp. It was mostly
  sweat, but some of the moisture was caused by Beth's arousal. She would be
  a better choice than expected. "Take off your shirt," he said again. This time,
  Beth was fully conscious as she lifted her shirt over her shoulders and dropped
  it onto the ground. "Now your bra" he said. Beth opened her mouth to protest,
  remained silent when she felt the man's grip on her pussy tighten slightly.
  Instead of protesting, she slowly reached back to unclip her bra, an action
  made difficult by her unsteadiness and size. She was so unsteady that she had
  difficulty keeping her balance as she slid the straps from her shoulders, and
  her breasts jiggled deliciously as she fought to remain upright.  
Eventually, she got free from the garment and dropped it next to her shirt.
  Her breasts hung ripely before her overseer, and it was so hot that they were
  already covered with a light sheen of sweat. She was too humiliated and scared
  to look at the man, yet she was unable to see the ground past her tits. Beth
  stood in the hot sun, her arms crossed over her stomach, staring at her huge,
  oily globes. She felt terrified, mainly because she was so aroused.  
The man was also admiring her body, and was evidently pleased with her. "Good
  cow," he spoke as he lightly caressed one of her nipples, and Beth's face burned
  with shame as she felt the bud become erect beneath his fingers. The man smiled
  briefly at her involuntary arousal, before viciously twisting her nipple between
  his thumb and forefinger. The pain was almost as bad as the pain in her pussy
  earlier, and Beth yelped and tried to cover her tits with her arms. As she
  raised her arms however, the man placed his other hand firmly against her pussy.
  His left hand remained holding her teat, and by now the mere touch of his hands
  reminded Beth of the consequences of disobedience.  
Beth dropped her hands to her side, allowing the man an unrestricted view
  of her impressive assets. The hand that had been tormenting her nipple traced
  faint circles around her aureole, causing more moisture to seep from her pussy,
  before sliding underneath her breast and lifting it upwards. The man cupped
  her other breast with the hand that had been resting between her thighs. He
  looked clinical as he balanced her breasts lightly on his palms, testing their
  weight. The slight movement of his hands caused her tit-flesh to wobble, and
  her cheeks to turn a deeper shade of red.  
The man concluded his inspection with a final painful tweak of her nipples.
  He made some notes in a black notebook before measuring Beth's thighs and waist
  with a tape measure. Beth had always been self-conscious of her stomach, because
  it was large and round and hung slightly over the waistband of her shorts,
  and the man smiled as he took her measurements. "Don't worry cow, you'll be
  burning this off soon enough," he said as he fondled her belly." He then inspected
  her teeth, which were strong and healthy, and her eyes, which were also fine.
  He made some final notes in his book, before kneeling and reaching into the
  pack her had brought with him.  
When he stood up, Beth almost fainted for the second time that day. This
  time, however, her faintness was caused by shock, and her shock was caused
  by seeing the objects that the man removed from his pack. There were two sets
  of manacles, slightly different from each other. The smaller set consisted
  of a steel collar, with wrist cuffs attached to either side by short lengths
  of chain. The collar would force the wearer to stand with her hands almost
  locked behind her head, and her elbows jutting forward. It was also studded
  with a variety of smaller loops, to which more chains or other devices could
  be attached. The second set consisted of a pair of ankle cuffs linked by about
  a foot of chain. There was a larger collar for her waist, and the ankle cuffs
  were connected to the waist-collar by another short length of length of chain,
  so that the wearer would be forced to take small shuffling steps when she walked.  
Beth was unable to take her eyes off the chains, but was also unable to think
  clearly through her fear. She watched numbly as the man locked her chubby ankles
  into the cuffs. He tested the restraints to make sure they were locked securely,
  then rose and fastened the larger collar around her waist. Despite its size,
  the collar was slightly too small for her ample waist, causing her stomach
  to bulge obscenely over its edges. The man stepped back to admire his work
  so far, then stepped forward and roughly yanked the chain linking Beth's waist
  and ankle cuffs, causing her to stumble forward. Quickly, he moved behind her
  and fastened the smaller collar around her neck. Beth was still off balance,
  and she felt his rough hand slip around her waist and cradle her soft belly
  as he held her upright. His fingers stroked the edge of her waist-shackle,
  lingering on the bulging flesh that spilled over its sides. "Wrists," the man
  commanded while still standing behind her, and Beth, whose body seemed to be
  responding automatically to his commands, weakly raised both of her wrists.
  She felt each one being cuffed to the side of her collar, and heard her overseer
  whisper "Good cow" in her ear. Then, because she had been a good cow this time,
  her obedience was rewarded by the man running his hands up her stomach until
  he was once again cradling her tits. This time, however, instead of weighing
  them, he supported them lightly with his palms while slowly stroking her nipples
  and aureoles with his thumbs. Waves of pleasure radiated throughout her body
  as the man skillfully manipulated her erect teats. Lost in her pleasure, she
  tried to grind her ass against the man's crotch, but he stepped neatly aside.
  Beth lost her balance and sat down heavily, her breasts heaving with arousal
  and her faced streaked with sweat.  
Her arousal left her feeling even more dazed than she had before. She was
  exhausted, practically immobile, and looked up at the man with a mixture of
  shame, fear and longing. The position of her arms pushed her breasts together,
  so that it looked as if she were offering them to her overseer. Perhaps she
  was, in the hope that they would receive more of the pleasuring they had just
  had, but the man seemed to have had his fun for now. The business-like tone
  returned and he ordered her to stand. This she managed with great difficulty,
  and even then only after the man had given her waist-chain a sharp tug upwards. "A
  bit slow, but you'll improve soon enough. Now walk." He commanded. Beth, although
  terrified, honestly believed that she could walk no further without water. "Please," she
  croaked, the first words she had spoken since the man began punishing her, "I
  need some water." The man walked over to his pack. He didn't look angry, but
  Beth could tell from his expression that it had been a mistake to speak. He
  knelt over his bag and once again removed two objects. The first was hidden
  from Beth's view, but the second one gave her hope, it being a small black
  flask. The man stood in front of her and raised the flask. She though he was
  going to pour the water down her throat, and eagerly opened her mouth. The
  man smiled, before producing the object actually intended for her mouth. It
  was a steel ring-gag, with a black leather strap that fastened with a tiny
  lock. Before Beth realized what was happening, he had slipped the ring into
  her mouth and locked the straps behind her head.  
Beth's eyes widened when she realized what had happened, and she began to
  struggle violently against her restraints. Because her hands were cuffed to
  her neck, she was able to reach behind her head and grab at the clasp for the
  gag. However, the clasp could not be opened without the key, and the man watched
  with amusement as Beth tried in vain to free herself. Her mouth, forced open
  by the gag, was a perfect circle of shock, and tears begun to stream from her
  eyes as she realized that she was unable to close her mouth, or even speak.
  Her voice was reduced to a gurgling whimper, and she could feel saliva beginning
  to collect on her lower lip. She stared pathetically at her overseer, her eyes
  begging him to remove the gag, but the man's face was cold. "If you don't learn
  some manners soon, cow, I shall be forced to teach you" he said simply. Then
  he wet his hand from the flask and splashed some water over Beth's hot, damp
  face. Beth stuck her tongue through the gag and managed to collect a few drops.
  They were salty, from being mixed with her sweat, but she was unable to swallow
  because of the gag. Then she lowered her red eyes to the ground once again
  and stood, awaiting her next order.  
The man placed his hand between her shoulders and gently pushed her forward.
  Beth stumbled a few steps ahead of the man, and stopped. As soon as she did
  so, she felt a sharp, stinging pain in her lower back. Glancing back at the
  man, she saw that he was holding a small leather whip, about three feet long.
  With a flick of his wrist, he sent the whip snaking towards Beth's exposed
  flesh where it licked her lower back with a short, sharp snap. The pain was
  intense, and Beth turned away from it and began to stumble blindly through
  the woods, with her overseer following close behind. Her progress was difficult
  because of her leg shackles, and she was unable to keep her exposed flesh from
  being scratched by the vegetation but she was driven on by occasional flicks
  from the whip and eventually made it to a resting spot. She was panting heavily
  through her gag, and the saliva that had been collecting on her lower lip had
  begun to run over her lip and down her chin. She was allowed only a few seconds
  rest before being forced onwards, and she crashed forwards through the forest,
  tormented by pain and fatigue.  


Chapter Two: Beth Makes Camp  
She was unsure how long she had been walking for. She was aware of the man
  behind her, forcing her on mercilessly, and of the pain coursing throughout
  her body, but that was about all. Eventually, after what had seemed to her
  like days, she came upon a small clearing in the woods, where a campsite was
  set up. "Stop cow" she heard the man say at her shoulder, and she was so grateful
  to hear those words that she nearly collapsed with pleasure. By now, however,
  she knew better than to do something like sit down without permission, and
  so she stood, dazed and exhausted at the edge of the camp. Despite her pleasure
  at being allowed to rest, she still felt disgusting. Her spit was dripping
  down her chin and over the top of her tits, slipping warmly between her cleavage.
  Her shorts were almost wet through, and her hair was lank and sticking to her
  back. She was also so thirsty that she would probably have risked asking for
  water again, had she been able to speak. Then she saw people emerging from
  the tents at the site. The man who had captured her led her towards the figures.
  She could see only men, and although a couple of them glanced briefly at her
  tits, on the whole none of them seemed particularly surprised to see a plump,
  sweating, half-naked girl being lead into their camp in chains. 
Her overseer greeted the other men briefly. "That was quick man," one of
  them said, "Good work. This order will be filled in no time." "It was easy," the
  man replied, "all you need to do is find the right girl." He looked at Beth. "This
  one's going to be worthwhile, I can feel it." Beth noticed that the other men,
  there were about five in total, were also looking at her. She was too embarrassed
  to return their looks, and stood with her eyes downcast. "Jesus, already submissive," said
  one of the men, "I was hoping we'd get to have some fun training her before
  delivery." His words left Beth cold, but her overseer's answer was even more
  terrifying. "Don't worry, we will. She's submissive, but she's also a spoilt
  lazy cow who needs to learn some manners. Isn't that right cow?" He asked Beth.
  She knew the right answer to this question, and nodded slowly, her eyes still
  downcast and her cheeks burning red again. "For example," the man continued, "She
  doesn't know how to ask for water properly." He moved over to Beth and removed
  her gag. Her jaws were stiff, but she gratefully closed her mouth and swallowed
  the saliva that had been running down her chin. The man continued to remove
  her shackles until she could once again move freely. She had been walking for
  so long that she had almost forgotten what it felt like, and despite her embarrassment,
  she slowly stretched out her arms. "Show us your tits, cow." The man commanded,
  and Beth reluctantly let her arms drop to her sides. "No cow," the man said,
  twirling the gag around one of his fingers, "I said show them to us." The sight
  of the gag in his hand sent a wave of fear through Beth's legs. Wearing that
  device had been the most torturous experience of her life, and she would do
  anything to avoid it. Remembering her earlier examination, she gathered her
  tits in her palms and cupped them, holding them up to her captors. One of the
  men stepped forwards and tweaked her left nipple gently, causing her to shiver
  slightly from pleasure. He then stepped back and expressed his approval to
  her overseer. 
"What about her pussy?" One of the men asked, and Beth jumped. When she was
  captured, she had briefly wondered why she had been allowed to keep her shorts
  on. The fact that she was not fully naked had been a faint source of hope for
  her, and now she felt that hope draining away. "I don't know," said her overseer, "I
  haven't used it yet. Why don't you show it to us cow?" He asked, and Beth felt
  tears seep from her eyes for the second time that day. However, by now she
  knew better than to refuse, or even to cry, and so fought back her tears as
  she slowly unbuttoned her shorts. Unsteadily, she slid them down her hips,
  exposing her full bush for the first time. "We're going to have to do something
  about that hair," one of the men said, and her overseer agreed. Beth's whole
  body seemed to burn with shame as she dropped her shorts to the floor and stepped
  out of them. She didn't know what to do with her arms, and so let them hang
  limply by her sides as she stood before the five men, naked and humiliated. 
Her overseer frowned, and flicked her nipple sharply with his whip. Beth
  screamed and jumped back, surprised by the intense pain, far sharper than anything
  she had felt so far. She grabbed at her tit, before remembering what would
  happen if she tried to cover herself. Quickly, she let her arms drop again. "I
  said show us your pussy, cow," said the man. Suddenly, Beth realized what he
  meant by "show." She usually lay naked on her bed while she masturbated, but
  out here there was only hard, sandy ground. Slowly, she sank into a sitting
  position and spread her legs, offering her captors a full view of her hairy
  cunt. She was sobbing lightly now, and left her head bowed in the hope that
  no one would see the tears running down her cheeks. The men were talking softly
  among themselves, and, since she had not been given permission to stand, she
  waited at their feet, head bowed, pussy exposed. 
Chapter 3: Beth Takes a Drink  
  
When the men had finished their discussion, the once again looked down at
  Beth. She risked a glance upwards, and noticed that her overseer was drinking
  deeply from the black flask that she had seen earlier. He noticed Beth watching
  him and looked down cruelly at her. "Still thirsty cow?" he asked and Beth
  mutely nodded her head. The man, evidently displeased by her response, reached
  between her widely spread legs and pinched her labia viciously. Beth's face
  distorted with pain, although she was unable to move away from his grasp. "You've
  already learned not to speak unless spoken to," he hissed, maintaining his
  grip on her pussy, "Now you've got to learn the correct response to a question.
  When you are asked something, you will answer clearly, unless you are gagged,
  and you will address whoever you are answering as 'Master.' Understand?" "Yes
  Master," Beth managed to whimper through her clenched teeth. The man twisted
  his fingers sharply and a wail of pain escaped her throat. "I told you to answer
  clearly cow, now do you understand?" "Yes Master," Beth said, louder this time.
  She was in so much pain that it almost came out as a yelp, but it obviously
  satisfied her overseer, who released his hold on her. Without thinking, Beth
  moved her hand to massage the abused area of her cunt, causing a smile to play
  across the man's lips. "Are you horny cow?" He asked Beth. 
Actually, she was. The man knew this, having felt her juices when he pinched
  her cunt, but to Beth, her arousal came as a huge surprise. Certainly, this
  was not the scenario she fantasized about while she lay on her bed and masturbated,
  but now, even the man's mocking question caused her clit to swell uncomfortably.
  Beth looked up at the man, her look a mixture of shame and longing. The man
  smiled down at her and spoke gently. "Okay cow, I give you permission to finger
  yourself." Beth could not believe the obscene display that she was given these
  men, but the throbbing in her cunt was now so intense that she needed an orgasm
  more desperately than she needed water. Also, she knew from the man's tone
  of voice the being given permission was the same as being given an order. Slowly,
  she slipped her right hand between her legs and began to gently rub the upper
  part of her pussy. At the same time, she used her left hand to massage her
  breasts, kneading the flesh and tugging lightly on her nipples. As the pleasure
  from her tits began to flow through her body, she moved her right hand deeper
  into her pussy, using her index finger to apply firm pressure to her clit.
  Her body began to convulse, and she ground her ass into the dirt as she closed
  her eyes as she skillfully manipulated herself. She then slid her left hand
  off of her tits and onto her pussy, using middle finger to trace small circles
  around her clit while she penetrated herself with her other hand. She parted
  her lips with her outer fingers and slid her index and ring fingers deep into
  her cunt. The constant pressure on her clit had become almost unbearable, and
  with a final deep thrust of her right hand, she came, moaning loudly and panting
  heavily. 
As soon as she had come, she felt the energy drain from her body. She remained
  sitting where she was, her hands resting between her thighs, her head slumped
  against her chest. From far away, she felt a strong hand cradle her head and
  pour some cold clear liquid down her throat. "Good cow," She heard a familiar
  voice say, "You had a long day. Rest now." Gratefully, she accepted her final
  command. "Yes Master," she heard herself say, as she drifted into unconsciousness. 
Chapter Four: Beth's Grooming  
Beth awoke naked on the hard ground. It took her a few seconds to recall
  what had happened to her, and she shuddered as the events of the day came flooding
  back, particularly when she recalled finger-fucking herself to orgasm in front
  of five strangers. She tried to stand only to realize that she was in chains
  again. This time, however, the chain running from her ankle cuffs had been
  shortened and attached to the collar around her neck, and her wrists had been
  shackled to her ankles. She managed to struggle into a sitting position, but
  she was unable to close her legs or lift her head from almost between her knees.
  The rough ground scraped her pussy whenever she tried to get more comfortable,
  and so she found that her best choice was to sit still and wait for her first
  order of the morning. She was able to move her head slightly, and so was able
  to get some idea of her surroundings. She was sitting in a makeshift pen, about
  six feet by four feet. The walls of the pen consisted of strong logs, bound
  together and driven deep into the ground. The walls were about four feet high
  and some sort of net had been placed over the top of the pen and fastened to
  the logs. Looking around further, she noticed another figure in the pen. She
  struggled closer, scraping her pussy uncomfortably on the ground, until she
  could see that it was a girl whom she recognized from her high school. Beth
  knew that her name was Leah, and that she had been a cheerleader during their
  senior year, but other than that, she was merely another pretty face that Beth
  recognized from the halls. She was also naked, with her ankles bound tightly
  together and her arms tied behind her back, a position that offered a wonderful
  view of her small, pert tits. She had large, rosy, pointed nipples turned slightly
  upwards and a slim, athletic figure, although she was slightly shorter than
  Beth. She had sharp, pretty features that were softened slightly by her large
  brown eyes, and her pussy, although neater than Beth's had a wide strip of
  dark hair running over her lips. 
 
Leah was still unconscious, and lay on her side, curled into a ball. Beth
  was too afraid to try to talk to her, and so she sat mutely staring at the
  beautiful girl bound naked before her. She shuddered as she noticed the red
  marks that adorned Leah's breasts and thighs, remembering all too well her
  own brief encounter with the whip. She was still staring at t Leah's body when
  she heard a voice behind her. "Morning cow," her overseer said as he unlocked
  the door to the pen and removed the net from the top of it. "I see you've met
  our other pet." The man's words rang coldly in Beth's ears. She was beginning
  to feel like an animal, sitting at her overseer's feet, dirty, naked and humiliated. "I'm
  sure you'll get to know each other soon enough, but now its time for grooming.
  Come along cow, we've got a busy day today." The man said as he began to unlock
  her chains. Beth's legs were stiff and sore from her unexpected exercise yesterday,
  and she gratefully stretched out as the man removed her ankle restraints and
  freed her wrists. He left her collar in place though, and gave a sharp tug
  on the chain that had been connecting her collar to her ankle cuffs. "Come
  cow," he said, and Beth began to rise to her feet. Her overseer however, pulled
  down hard on the chain that was now functioning as a leash, causing Beth to
  topple over. She fell flat on her stomach, her breasts trapped painfully beneath
  her. "First lesson of the day: cows don't walk. From now on, you will crawl
  on all fours wherever you go, unless otherwise instructed. Is that clear cow?" He
  asked. "Y-yes Master" Beth stuttered. She couldn't believe how quickly she
  was being reduced to a dumb, obedient animal. What shocked her even more though,
  was how her body responded to the treatment. She could feel herself getting
  wet as she struggled onto her knees and waited for her master's instructions. 
He began to walk ahead, holding her collar, and Beth was forced to scramble
  to keep up with him. The hard ground grazed her knees, but, what was even worse
  was that her huge tits hung so low that, unless she kept her arms perfectly
  straight as she crawled, her teats would drag along the ground. She tried as
  hard as she could to keep her breasts elevated, but she was not particularly
  fit, and was forced to endure some painful scratches and scrapes as the man
  lead her towards the river. Her nipples were red and swollen by the time they
  stopped walking, and the man reached down and casually twisted one between
  his fingers. His other hand fondled her other breast and for the second time
  that day Beth felt moisture begin to seep from her cunt. The man continued
  to massage her tits until Beth's breathing became shallow and ragged, at which
  point he abruptly withdrew his hands. Despite her shame, Beth looked up at
  the man through a haze of arousal, her eyes silently begging him to continue.
  The man, however, had other plans for the morning. "You didn't drink much yesterday,
  so I know your bladder isn't particularly full. However, if you do need to
  relieve yourself, you will ask permission at all times. If permission is given,
  you will relieve yourself in full view of whoever allowed you to do so. You
  will either squat, or raise you leg against a tree, depending on your Master's
  preference. I know the second option isn't particularly cow-like, but it will
  offer a lovely view of your cunt." Although Beth could hardly believe what
  she was hearing, she didn't dare make a sound. She was glad that she didn't
  have to pee just yet, although she knew she couldn't fight nature forever. "Now
  cow," the man said as he led Beth over to a large flat rock that lay on the
  edge of the river, "Its time do clean up that pussy of yours. I hate it when
  my view is obstructed by hair. Lie flat on the rock and spread your legs." Beth
  struggled onto the rock and exposed herself. She lay with her ass on the edge
  of the rock, her feet flat on the ground and her knees wide. She knew what
  was coming, and could only hope that it would be over quickly. At school, while
  showering after gym, she recalled seeing some of her classmates with bald pussies.
  She also recalled overhearing how it increased sensitivity, leaving the girls
  in an almost constant state of arousal. Personally, Beth had always thought
  that there was something slightly degrading about it. Now however, she had
  no choice. 
The man lent over her and Beth could see him fitting a black leather cuff
  over her left ankle. An identical cuff was fitted over her right. Beth thought
  that she was going to be chained to the rock, but instead, the man removed
  a black metal bar from his pack and attached it securely to her ankle cuffs,
  forcing her legs apart further. The bar was about three feet long, and Beth's
  muscles strained as it held her legs wide. Her wrists were once again shackled
  to her ankles, this time by short lengths of chain. The chains were so short
  that Beth was forced to keep her arms fully extended. She tried to ease the
  tension by bending her knees, but her overseer kept a firm grip on her spreader-bar,
  forcing her to remain stretched uncomfortably on the rock. The man then slipped
  a rubber cushion beneath her substantial ass, lifting her hips and exposing
  her pussy further. Beads of sweat began to form along her inner thighs as she
  strained against her harsh bondage, and the man smiled as he saw her discomfort.
  Using a scissors, he began to trim some of the longer strands of hair from
  her pussy. After about five minutes, all that remained of her once full bush
  was a triangle of itchy stubble. The man moved around and cradled her head,
  allowing Beth a full view of her almost-shorn cunt. "Take a good look cow," he
  said, "this is the last time you'll see hair on your pussy." Beth closed her
  eyes. She didn't want to see what the man had done to her, but she heard the
  man's voice rise angrily. "I told you to look, cow. You've just disobeyed and
  order." Terrified, Beth opened her eyes wide and stared at her naked slit. "I'm
  sorry Master, I didn't realize&hellip;" she blubbered, but the man cut her
  off. "Speaking without permission. That's another infraction." The man sighed
  with mock disappointment. "And here I though you were learning so well. You'll
  receive your punishment later though," he said as he released her head. Beth
  however, couldn't take her eyes off her pussy, and they widened in fear as
  she saw the man produce a silver straight-razor and kneel between her legs.
  He placed the razor on her stomach, and squirted a generous amount of shaving
  foam into his palm. "This is special foam, only used on disobedient cows" the
  man said. Beth had no idea what he meant, but she didn't like the sound of
  it. "You'll know what I mean soon enough." He said with a cruel smile as he
  began to massage the foam into her cunt. 
Beth quivered as she felt his strong fingers against her tender cunt-flesh.
  The man rubbed her for about ten minutes, and Beth began to squirm as she felt
  her arousal growing. In increasing desperation, she tried bucked her hips,
  trying to force her clit against her overseer's hand. Her overseer, however,
  had much experience in manipulating the female body, and always kept the pressure
  just too light, leaving Beth hovering on the brink of orgasm and whimpering
  with frustration. Eventually, he removed his hand and began to shave her. She
  saw the razor scrape over her mons, and felt the blade as it glided smoothly
  over her engorged pussy-lips. The man was quick and deft, and in about two
  minutes, her entire pussy was bald, leaving Beth feeling exposed and aroused.
  He splashed some water between her legs, to wash away any leftover foam, and
  Beth felt her naked cunt tingle as the cold water dripped off her. However,
  the tingling was soon replaced with a far stronger sensation, and at first,
  Beth though that the man was licking her. However, when she looked down at
  herself, she saw nothing but her own swollen, dripping cunt. Her lips were
  full and red, and now that she was bald, she could almost see her clit standing
  erect. Her entire pussy was throbbing and she felt that she would die if she
  didn't cum. She struggled desperately against her chains, straining to reach
  her enflamed cunt with her hands, aching for release from the unbearable arousal.
  The man knew that she was unable to touch herself, and watched her writhing
  for a few minutes. Then he spoke, and his voice cut through Beth's arousal,
  although it did nothing to easy it. "This is you punishment for not looking
  at your pussy when I commanded you to," the man told her. "The shaving cream
  that I used has been treated with a special chemical that increases blood flow
  to the area where it's applied. Since I rubbed it in nice and thoroughly, your
  cunt will remain swollen and aroused for about three hours. During this time,
  you are forbidden to touch either your tits or your cunt, or to seek sexual
  release in any way. Do you understand?" "Yes Master," Beth managed to pant. "Good," the
  man said. He removed the bar from between her legs, but kept her ankle and
  wrist cuffs attached, as well as her collar. "Time to head back to camp." 
Beth slid off the rock, barely conscious of anything other than her throbbing
  cunt. Her thighs rubbed together slickly as she crawled ahead of the man, offering
  him a great view of her hindquarters. Her angry red lips jutted out from between
  her white thighs, and every so often, the man flicked her rump with his whip.
  He was careful not to touch her pussy though, since he knew that even the slightest
  contact would send Beth over the edge, and he was not ready to grant her release
  yet. Beth could concentrate on nothing other than her sex, and often forgot
  to keep her arms straight as she crawled. Every time her nipples scraped the
  ground, they would send a tingle of pleasure through her body that seemed to
  go directly to her cunt. Her entire body was dripping with sweat, and her cunt
  was dripping with its own juices by the time they arrived back. 
Chapter Five: Beth and Leah Formally Introduced  
Beth was almost delirious by the time they did so, and the sight that greeted
  her did nothing to help her condition. Four strong wooden posts had been driven
  deep into the ground making up the corners of a rectangle, and Leah was bound
  spread-eagle between them. The men had used rough flexible rope to bind her
  wrists and ankles tightly, one to each post. Her body was a wonderful shade
  of light brown, except for her tits, which were almost as pale as Beth's. Strangely,
  despite the fact that her tits were tiny compared to Beth's wondrous mounds,
  her nipples were far bigger and her aureoles were pointed so that they almost
  formed one continuos teat. These teats were now pointed almost straight up
  at the burning sun, as Leah squirmed on the ground, her bonds cutting into
  her tender flesh as she tried desperately to free her arms. The reason for
  her desperation, though, was not the heat burning in her nipples, but the fire
  raging in her cunt. Like Beth, she had been shaved, the small strip of hair
  removed to reveal small, neat lips, and, like Beth, she had obviously disobeyed
  an order while being groomed. Her pussy, which would ordinarily have been as
  creamy white as her tits, was a furious shade of red, her usually thin lips
  hanging heavy and swollen and her clit swelling to almost twice its usual size.
  Tears of frustration rolled down her cheeks, and she begged for release through
  her clenched teeth. The men ignored her pleas though, and they nodded briefly
  to Beth's overseer as he drove her into camp. "Stop cow," he said, and Beth
  came to a halt a few paces ahead of him. He walked around, picked up her leash
  and led her towards the half-circle of men surrounding Leah. He positioned
  her until her face was directly above Leah's swollen cunt, close enough so
  that Beth could smell Leah's arousal, and see the moisture seeping from between
  her lips. He ordered her to kneel, which she did immediately, and looked down
  at her. "This is how it works cow," his voice was firm, but he was obviously
  enjoying himself, "you don't cum until this little fuckslave (he nudged Leah's
  thigh with the toe of his boot) does, and she doesn't cum unless you make her
  cum. Since you're a fat, horny cow, and cows don't have hands or fingers, you'll
  have to use your wet cow mouth to do it. You don't have to, I'm allowing you
  a choice here, but you don't cum until she does. Think carefully, it'll be
  one of the last choices you'll ever make." This last part was merely to mock
  her. He knew as well as she did that she had no real choice. Her own arousal
  had not lessened, and she still had two and a-half-hours of torture to endure.
  She knew that if she didn't cum soon, she would break and finger-fuck herself
  to orgasm once again. Despite her arousal, she shuddered when she imagined
  her punishment should that happen, and so reluctantly lowered her face to Leah's
  crotch. 
Instinctively, because Beth had never even kissed another girl before, her
  tongue found Leah's clit, and Leah's body trembled at the hot, moist contact.
  Beth flicked her tongue over Leah's erect bud, causing Leah's hips to buck
  wildly, before lowering her mouth and lapping at her smooth pussy lips. Leah's
  moans were becoming louder, and Beth felt disgusted with herself as she forced
  the poor girl even closed towards orgasm. She knew however, that she had no
  choice, and reluctantly pushed her tongue deep into Leah's slit, before raising
  her head briefly in order to place her mouth over Leah's clit again. Her lips
  and chin were slick and slippery from Leah's juices, and, as Beth raised her
  head, the girls' eyes met. Leah gave Beth a pleading look, but both girls were
  unsure whether she was pleading for Beth to stop or to continue. Lowering her
  head because she was too ashamed to hold Leah's gaze for long, Beth closed
  her lips around Leah's erect nub and sucked firmly. This was all the poor girl
  needed, and she wailed with relief was the orgasms shuddered through her body.
  She came over and over, soaking Beth's face and the ground beneath her ass.
  Gradually, the orgasms became weaker, and she was left lying trembling and
  exhausted on the ground. Beth however, had no time to savior her achievement.
  She began to lift her face from the girl's sodden crotch, but she felt a strong
  hand on the back of her neck, forcing her downwards until her lips were pressed
  against Leah's. Beth was forced to breathe through her nose, taking in all
  of Leah's pungent aroma. It added to her delirium, and she almost sobbed with
  release as she felt another hand working away at her cunt. The man was skillful
  and, even if he had not been, the mere touch of his fingers would probably
  have been enough in Beth's current state. It was only a matter of seconds before
  she was trembling and bucking heavily, the orgasms rolling over her, her moans
  muffled by Leah's crotch. 
The man held her in position for about five minutes, one hand cupping her
  pussy, the other holding the back of her neck. Eventually, he released his
  hold and stood up. Beth was unsure whether to move her head or not, and decided
  that it was safer to keep her face pressed against Leah's pussy until she was
  given permission to move. "That's enough cow," the man said as he looked down
  at her. He seemed pleased with her obedience, though, and he lifted Beth's
  head upwards and cradled her chin as her spoke. "I'm sure out little slut would
  love you to carry on, but I've got other plans for that mouth of yours. You
  and your friend have had your fun and, to show how grateful you are at being
  allowed to cum before your Master, you're going to suck my cock and swallow
  my cum like the sexcow you are. Is that clear cow?" "Yes Master," Beth answered.
  She had never sucked a cock before, but she had seen it done on a video that
  she found under her brother's bed, and once even practiced on a cucumber covered
  with a condom, before using the same cucumber to fuck herself. She knew, however,
  that doing it in real life would be different, partly because she could feel
  herself becoming aroused again. The man had said that her arousal would last
  for about three hours, and although her vicious orgasms had helped briefly,
  she could feel her cunt beginning to throb again. Her overseer had lowered
  his pants, and stood before Beth with his cock erect. It was smaller than a
  cucumber, although it was still substantial, and Beth rose on her knees as
  she licked it from the base of the shaft to the large purple head. When the
  cock was slippery with her saliva, Beth slipped her lips over the head and
  began to work her mouth back and forth along the shaft. She sucked greedily
  at the man's cock, but he had incredible stamina, and Beth could feel her legs
  beginning to tire and her jaw ache. She didn't dare stop, though, and she kept
  going for what seemed like ages. Precum was dribbling over her chin, and Beth's
  jaw was cramping painfully, until, with a sudden thrust, the man grabbed the
  back of her head and came powerfully in her mouth. He quickly pinched her nose,
  forcing her to swallow most of the enormous load. Nevertheless, some managed
  to drip from between her lips onto her tits. The man look disapprovingly at
  this and reminded Beth that she had been instructed to swallow his cum. Slowly,
  she lifted her own breasts to her mouth and licked the man's cum off her nipples.
  Licking her own nipples only added to her arousal, but Beth didn't dare stop
  until she had licked every trace of the man's cum off her body. Still on her
  knees, she released her tits and dropped her hands to the ground in front of
  her, scratching the dirt with her fingers in a desperate attempt to keep her
  hands occupied and away from her pussy. Every now and then she glanced up hopefully
  through her haze, but her overseer's attention was directed elsewhere. 
Chapter Six: Testing Leah   
   
Just in front of them, Leah was being released from her bonds and being prepared
  for the journey by two of her handlers. Small alligator clips were attached
  to the bases of her nipples and screwed tightly in place. The clips caused
  her teats to swell painfully, and it seemed like their every throb sent waves
  of pleasure straight to her dripping cunt. She was then ordered to lift her
  arms to just below her tits. The dazed girl obeyed quickly, and thin, leather
  cuffs were fitted around each of her wrists. There was a short length of chain
  attached to each cuff, and these were connected to the base each clamp, forcing
  Leah to her arms position. If she let her arms drop, their weight rested completely
  on her engorged nipples, and this was something that she could not stand for
  long. As her cuffs were being fitted, her handler spoke to her. "You're a toy,
  a trophy to be played with. You need to learn how to carry yourself, and for
  that you need discipline" he told her simply. Then, without waiting for a response
  that would never have come from the shocked girl, he tied the rough cord that
  had been used to bind her limbs around her waist. Leah looked down, and just
  had time to notice a knotted cord of the same rope being tied to the rope around
  her waist and being run between her legs. The cord had been doubled up and
  knotted, and, before Leah could understand what was happening, the rope was
  lifted between her legs and tied tightly into her cunt. Because the cord had
  been doubled up, it pinched her cunt-lips viciously, causing them to swell
  and jut out. The rope had been also been knotted in such a manner that there
  was a knot placed directly over her clit. Even the slightest movement caused
  the knot to grind against her sensitive bud, and every time this happened she
  felt her knees weaken and had to struggle to stay upright as she was forced
  ever closer to orgasm. Driven almost insane with pleasure, but terrified and
  unable to cum, Leah stood hobbled and shaking in the center of camp.  
Her handler moved behind her and fitted a longer cord to the junction of
  the rope around her waist and her crotch-rope, forming a harness which her
  could use to control the pressure on her pussy.. He tugged gently on the cord,
  and Leah almost collapsed as the pleasure coursed through her body. Then, she
  felt his hand on between her shoulders forcing her towards the ground. She
  lost her balance, and tugged hard on her nipples as she desperately tried to
  break her fall with her arms. She toppled over, grinding her teats painfully
  into the ground and hanging her exhausted head in the dirt. From this position,
  she was able to see Beth, who was in no better condition than she was. She
  was on her hands and knees again, and her tits hung heavy with metal bells.
  These bells had been weighted, so that the stretched her nipples downwards,
  and they hung so low that, even if Beth kept her arms almost perfectly straight,
  they still bumped and jangled against the uneven ground. She shuddered every
  time this happened, and her body seemed to almost be trembling in time to the
  jingling of the bells. Beth was lead alongside Leah who had been forced to
  her knees. In front of the two girls were identical silver bowls filled with
  porridge. They were instructed to eat, and they obeyed gratefully, diving their
  faces into the bowls and eating greedily. They were allowed to lap some water
  from a larger silver bowl, before their Masters wiped their faces and fitted
  their gags. Leah was fitted with a bright red ball-gag, which caused her small
  mouth to stretch slightly. The red of the gag brought out brown of her eyes
  and hair, and formed her lips into a perfect circle of surprise. The surprise
  on her face reflected the surprise that she felt at her body's response to
  her treatment. Although she had been popular, and had had boyfriends throughout
  high school, she had never been sexually adventurous. Throughout her life,
  she had treated others with respect, and was afforded the same treatment in
  return. Now, however, she was being treated like nothing more than an object,
  and although she felt disgusted with herself, every humiliation made her wet,
  and every bit of pain caused her body to ache with desire.  
Beth, meanwhile, was fitted with a thick leather bit, which buckled into
  a black harness. There were thin reigns leading from the back of her harness,
  which her overseer would use to control her movement. A pack was fitted over
  her shoulders and buckled tightly around her soft belly, and she was forced
  to balance the heavy load of the pack along with her nipple clamps. "Good for
  stamina, cow," said her overseer, as he flicked one of her teats with his whip,
  causing Beth to almost lose her balance. "Time to get moving," he called to
  his crew, and Leah's handler began to force her forward, flicking her ass with
  a thin leather whip. She was driven ahead of the group, while Beth crawled
  slowly behind. Both girls were aroused beyond anything they had ever felt,
  and their minds were a mix of confusion, fear and desire as they were driven
  out of the clearing and along a path through the woods. As they walked, Leah's
  handler would occasionally jerk backwards on her crotch-rope, causing her to
  stumble forwards. Every time she tripped, her arms would tug on her nipples,
  adding to her arousal. Tears of frustration ran down her checks as she begged
  for release through her gag, but even the ragged pleas that she could muster
  were muffled by the bright red ball.  
At the back of the group Beth was struggling beneath the heavy weight of
  her pack. It had been weighted specifically to train her, since she would need
  to get used to carrying heavy loads. This is what she had been ordered for,
  and this (among other things) was what she was being trained to do. Leah, on
  the other hand, was being trained as a pleasure slave, for a separate customer,
  and her training would be very different to Beth's. At the moment, while Leah
  was being tormented by her crotch-rope, Beth was being tortured by a combination
  of her overseer's whip and his firm words. The constant weight on her nipples
  was making her hornier than she had ever been, and her overseer would occasionally
  flick her red, swollen pussy with his whip. Every time he did this, Beth would
  struggle to crawl faster, as if fleeing from the pain and pleasure being forced
  through her body. Whenever she increased her pace, her nipple-weights would
  bump against the ground, and so, like Leah, she was driven forward in an almost
  constant state of arousal.  
The girls were unsure of how long they had been walking for. They were almost
  delirious with desire by the time they were allowed to stop, and were barely
  aware that they had arrived at a small cabin in a clearing. In addition to
  their arousal, both girls were utterly exhausted from their walk. Leah stood
  shakily, and her arms were so tired that she could only hold them up for a
  few seconds at a time before her strength failed. Every time she let them drop
  however, they tugged down painfully on her nipples, and she would jerk them
  upright again as if waking from a dream. Her handler allowed this to continue
  for about ten minutes, at the end of which Leah was so horny that she was actually
  pulling against her nipple clamps in a desperate attempt to touch her pussy
  and relieve herself. Her Master saw what she was trying to do, smirked with
  satisfaction. He stood directly behind her, and lifted her crotch-rope viciously,
  forcing Leah onto her tip-toes as she tried to prevent the rope from cutting
  into her tender cunt-flesh. The muscles on her calves strained and ached as
  she writhed against the rope, the sensation of the material against her clit
  too much for her to bear. Her handler smiled at her distress, before gently
  kicking the backs of her knees, causing her legs to buckle and entire body
  weight to be forced against her pussy-rope. This was enough for her tortured
  body, and she wailed into her gag as the orgasms ripped through her. She came
  again and again, until her Master released his grip on her harness, at which
  point she collapsed at his feet, exhausted and trembling. She lay whimpering
  on the ground as her arousal finally subsided, before drifting into unconsciousness.  








Beth was placed in the stocks and left waiting, straining as much
against her arousal as her bonds

 
  Joseph Mosselson
   jim
  2
  34
  2007-02-08T01:25:00Z
  2007-02-08T01:25:00Z
  1
  416
  2377
  HOME
  19
  5
  2788
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Beth was placed in the stocks and left
waiting, straining as much against her arousal as her bonds. Her pussy had been
wet from the moment she felt the cold, smooth tip of the dildo against her
flesh. After it had been smoothly inserted, she felt a sting in the swollen
lips of her cunt which rested against the base of the dildo. From its base, a
clip had been attached to each of them, and the dildo felt heavy enough inside
her to make her conscious of its weight as it pulled on the clips. 

&nbsp;

She felt a hand on her tits, and heard a
voice telling her to keep the dildo inside of her, or face the consequences. It
had entered smoothly enough, and that was the problem. Despite clenching her
pussy muscles, she still had no traction on the oily cylinder, and its weight
against her cunt-clips was starting to feel uncomfortable. She realised that
she had no choice other than to arch her body into a U-shape, trying to keep
the dildo tilted into her. Her nipples were barely touching the rough concrete
floor, they were erect and irritated, but the last of her worries as she
struggled to maintain her position. 

&nbsp;

Her overseer re-entered half an hour later,
by which time Beths forehead was soaked with sweat, and her inner thighs in
other juices. He was surprised to see that she had succeeded in her task, yet
he kept his word and didnt violate her just yet. Leaning down close to her, he
detached the clamps and removed the dildo. Beth wasnt sure if she was relieved
or not. She was barely conscious of anything at this stage, other than her
desire and her need to complete her task. 

&nbsp;

Her overseer then began massaging her
dangling breasts, pinching and rubbing her nipples against the rough floor. Beth
reacted with a shudder and a low moan as he slipped a
noose over the base of each one and drew them downwards. They were secured to a
ring below her body and given very little slack, which forced her to maintain
her arched position even though the dildo was no longer inside her. 

Good job he said as his hand traced a
path down her side towards her gaping pussy. With the dildo removed she was
able to lower her body by spreading her legs. The mans fingers slid easily
inside her, and he whispered in her ear as he massaged her cunt for a reward. 

&nbsp;

Beth grunted as the orgasm seized her body.
Her hips bucked, causing her nipples to tug against their restraints. This
fresh agitation send waves of pleaser passing through her already
over-stimulated cunt, arousing her to the point where
she was unable even to feel the upper part of the stocks being lifted and the
lower half removed from under her. Without its support, Beth slumped forward in
exhaustion, still shudder slightly from the aftershocks of her orgasms as she
drifted into unconsciousness at her masters feet. 














Since being separated from Beth, Leah had been placed and kept in a
rubber hood

 
  Mosselson
   jim
  2
  125
  2007-02-10T00:12:00Z
  2007-02-10T00:12:00Z
  1
  718
  4093
  34
  9
  4802
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 8: Leah Alone

&nbsp;

Since being separated from Beth, Leah had been placed and
kept in a rubber hood. Its base was attached to a thin steel collar, which was
fitted around her neck, and the thick rubber covered her eyes and ears
completely, leaving just a small hole for her to breath
through. There were rings embedded in the rubber, and a length of chain was attached to
each one. These chains had been precisely measured, with each one bolted to one
of the walls of the room and reached exactly to the center of the large room. 

&nbsp;

She was still naked, and although she was able to stand with
her feet flat on the floor, she was unable to take a step in any direction. She
was also unable to sit or lie down, and the hard concrete floor was starting to
feel uncomfortable beneath her feet. She was unable to see of hear who
approached her, and her body responded instinctively when she felt a sharp
flick on her left nipple. 

&nbsp;

The flick was followed by the sensation of a thumb roughly
massaging her already erect nipple. Her hands were shackled to the floor behind
her, and she was unable to defend herself, unable even, to scream as the alien
hand violated her body. 

&nbsp;

She felt oil being applied to her nipples, then found herself heaving and struggling for breath as two
plastic cylinders were fitted over her abused buds and began to suck them into
the hollow tubes. Struggling to remain standing, the tubes still attached and
her nipples swollen to resemble ripe strawberries, Leah next felt the hand
slide between her legs. 

&nbsp;

An oily finger rubbed up and down her slit, then entered her
and began to make beckoning motions against the walls of her pussy. Once again
she reacted instinctively, and as she thrust her crotch in the direction of the
motion, a thumb ground into her swollen clit. The sensation made her legs
buckle, but she caught herself and managed to remain upright as the hand
withdrew, leaving trails of oil and pussy juice running down her inner thighs. 

&nbsp;

A tube was then placed on her clit, and once again she felt
her flesh stretching. She was left in agony, but she was also highly aroused as
she felt her nipples and clit begin to throb. They were engorged to the point
that she would have feared they would burst, had she not been half-hysterical
with desire and confusion. It seemed like every time her heart pumped it sent
more blood coursing through her sensitive buds. She was unable, even, to hear a heavy steel door slam shut behind her as her
tormentor exited the room.

&nbsp;

Leah couldnt see at all. If she could have, she would have
seen a band of spotlights trained on her naked form,
and behind them a series of cameras. What she would not have seen, were the two
men seated behind a series of monitors in an adjacent room. They watched her
sweat and struggle in the harsh lights of the cameras, as lights from a control
panel in front of each of them flickered off their faces. 

&nbsp;

One of the men tapped a few buttons on the keyboard, and one
of the cameras began to move. He guided it with a joystick until it was level
with her chest. The other man pressed a button and the pumps on her body
released, then withdrew into a panel in the floor. Her body sagged with relief,
but before she could relax completely, the man with the joystick pressed some
buttons to his left. A thin metal claw emerged from a panel in the front of the camera
level with her breasts. The man taped a few more buttons and her nipple came up
huge on one of the monitors. He could see the goose-bumps on her areola as the
steel pincers of the claw gripped her flesh. 

&nbsp;

The second man then re-entered the room. He moved behind
Leah holding a small hollow tube, which he easily slid past her throbbing clit
and deep into her pussy. The tube was about 2 cm in diameter, but rounded rims
protruded from her gaping lips as the man held the object inside her. His
partner worked the consol while he did this, and a small directional nozzle
emerged from the front of the camera. 

&nbsp;

Using his free hand, the man holding the dildo manipulated
the nozzle. Leah could feel her cunt being coated in
something smooth and sticky, which quickly adhered to her flesh and began to
contract as it dried. The man guided the nozzle up and down her cunt, then 

around the front of her crotch and
up her ass almost to her asshole. It tugged at her flesh, leaving the area
below aroused but leaving it covered in a shock and friction resistant coating.

&nbsp;

The tube was left inside of her, and the base of each of her
nipples was fitted with a small steel ring. Then a final button was pressed and
the manacles dropped from her wrists and disappeared into the floor. The chains
had been detached from her hood and withdrawn, and she was now left alone,
bound only in the hood, and the chastity belt enclosing her crotch. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  King Sand


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





