BDSM Library - Managing The Neighborhood




Managing The Neighborhood
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How to make the neighborhood productive.Managing the neighborhood  
The business explained  
Ken sat relaxed in his chair while ms Robson was sucking his dick. He took
  a sip from his beer, and than took up his belt again and smacked it hard on
  the naked ass of ms Robson. "More enthusiasm bitch!" he shouted at her. Immediately
  ms Robson pumped harder on his dick.  
Yeah, Ken had it all arranged. He looked out at the window to the house at
  the opposite of the street. There he knew was now the beautiful ms Dawton fucking
  with a bunch of customers. She was his best whore right now. And she brought
  in a good amount of money.  
"Swallow bitch" he said and pushed the head of ms Robson deeper over his
  dick.  
"Haaaa" he mumbled and shot his sperm in ms Robsons mouth. Then he pulled
  her by her hair of his dick.  
"Now you go back to your house, your kids will be coming home, and we do
  not want them to know what kind of whore their mother is, now don't we?"  
Grateful ms Robson stood up and picked up her clothes.  
"And don't forget to get your tattoo tomorrow!" he shouted loudly when she
  left his home. Ken had instructed her to get a tattoo of a penis close to her
  pussy lips, to punish her for refusing to ass fuck a client. Her biggest problem
  would be convincing her husband for paying for the obscene tattoo. Ken walked
  outside to his porch and looked around through the sunny suburb. He was content,
  a good blowjob, and business was picking up.  
Ken had arrived 6 months ago in the neighborhood. A decent upper class suburb,
  where the old American values were still upheld high. This meant hubby was
  at work from 9 to 5, and mommy was taking care of the house and the children.
  And that is why Ken moved into this area. He was an expert in convincing these
  mothers that it would be best if they followed his commands to the letter for
  a better life of the both of them. Ken's business was managing the neighborhood,
  and all the mothers, no matter the color or size, soon found out that meant
  a lot of fucking for them.  
Convincing these up tight bitches was no problem. They all had 'reputations'
  to hold on to, and do not forget the kids. And once he had them fucking his
  customers there was no way back. Of course things do not last, so he moved
  around every 2-3 years. That was enough to make a lot of money, and short enough
  for the bitches to protest, go to the cops, or confess to their husbands about
  their infidelity.  
His methods were to the point. Take ms Robson. She has three kids and had
  a beautiful Doberman. 'Had', as forced her to eat the dog, after he killed
  it in front of her. He had entered her house when she was all alone, tied her
  naked on her suburban dinner table, raped her, and then killed the dog in front
  of her eyes. After cooking it in front of her (Hannibal style) he made her
  eat it. The message was clear what would happen if she did not obey, without
  him explaining anything. The rest of the days he came to her house repeatedly
  and raped her in all possible ways, and in all possible places. Then he instructed
  the terrified ms Robson to come to his house to receive her share of his cum
  'any time he pleased'. And thus we could see a shy and embarrassed ms Robson
  crossing the street several times a day to get fucked by Ken. Eventually he
  forced her to come to his house when the kids were home. This had made her
  much more cooperative, as she understood that she would be home faster that
  way. Now that made Ken of course force her to come to his house even when hubby
  was home. She had to make up some lame excuse, especially when ordered to come
  while cooking, and then ran to Ken's house where she eagerly participated in
  her own rape, or sucked him off. And when Ken found she was experienced enough,
  he simply introduced her to his customers.  
Usually he would start his whores with a good gang bang, and that is what
  he did with poor ms Robson too. When she had lay exhausted and covered in sperm
  he told her to get up and suck his dick. That is when he explained her what
  was expected of her, how much money he was expecting her to make, and the consequences
  of not reaching the goals he set for her. And his goals were high.  
And so ms Robson started receiving clients in her house. The first he ordered
  her to give a tour through her house, explaining where the children slept,
  where she slept, give some details of her sex live with her husband, what kind
  of work he did, etc, etc. She was in the beginning having it very difficult
  being so open about her life. And to fuck the total stranger in her own bed
  afterwards was sheer hell for her. But Ken made sure she knew he would check
  up on her clients to see if she was above standard, and if she had told them
  the truth. He of course had made sure to send first some old known clients,
  who were informed by him on how to treat the bitch, to ask the right questions,
  and last but not least to fuck her up good.  
When she was totally broken, he told her he was satisfied with her, and she
  could skip the tour. Of course he would step up her clientele, but ms Robson
  was more than happy to fuck more instead of explaining her personal life to
  total strangers. So he actually made her eagerly perform better in the oldest
  trade.  
And now she was a known gang bang whore within his clientele. And with the
  additional body training he had told her to do at the local gym, her knew wardrobe
  (which she kept still hidden from her husband), he was quite satisfied with
  his achievements with her.  
Now she was ready for some body modifications, and the first was the tattoo
  of the penis. He would make her husband pay for the 'kinky' changes in the
  appearance of ms Robson. A boob job, some piercing, additional tattoos, the
  works, it would all be next. And all on specific request of ms Robson herself,
  or so the poor husband would think.  
Ken usually had no problems in enforcing these changes in appearances of
  the bitches, as he made sure that in the community meetings and neighborhood
  parties, the subject of body changes was discussed way before among the husbands.
  So when the first wife came with the request, the other husbands actually could
  never wait until the moment their wives would come with similar requests. This
  enabled Ken to increase the modifications as each husband would eagerly agree
  with the new change, to impress the neighbors. And as most of them went to
  the doctor the good neighbor Ken advised, Ken made sure the changes were performed,
  even though they were sometimes somewhat illegal or extreme.  
And whores with body modifications made more money, and were much more docile.
  Even the feistiest ones were usually broken when they had piercings in all
  places, larger breasts, tattoos. They actually even became whores for their
  men, as Ken at the right moment demanded from them to 'play' the whore for
  there husband. They had to demand money for each fuck, or suck. Husbands usually
  went along with the kinky play. Ken knew through the neighborhood parties that
  the husbands actually saw their sex live improve, as their wives were eager
  to fulfill each disgusting request of the horny bastards. Thus the husbands
  were content with their whore wives, and the whores had no option but to follow
  Ken's orders. And Ken would be happy as he would receive more and more money.  
The neighborhood check  
Ken was going to check up on his whores. Ms Robson would think twice in refusing
  another customer, even though it was a schoolboy which was a friend of her
  daughter. Ken made sure the boy would keep his mouth shut, at least for a year
  or so. After all, the boy and his father belonged to his older client base.
  He had actually made the boy select one of his whores a few years ago for his
  first fuck. But this was not known by ms Robson, and she would never know.
  He liked her to be very stressed about the little boy, it made her more depending
  on Ken. He had promised her he would take care of the boy, and he always followed
  up on his promises.  
He looked at the house of ms Dawton. Now she was a beauty. Long auburn hair,
  nice tits, and long legs. He could not wait to mold that body into the sexual
  machine it could become. Ken actually wondered if he could find a way to get
  some whores to move with him. Find a way to make them his personal whores for
  ever. But he was reluctant to change his winning formula. Ken counted the cars
  in front of the house of ms Dawton. "She must have a good 6-7 customers" he
  laughed. All of them merciless pounding into her by now.  
This was ms Dawton's first home gang bang. "She must feel kind of raped all
  over again" Ken thought smiling, while he started to walk down the road. He
  had selected some of the filthiest customers to do ms Dawton. That way she
  would be totally humiliated, and think twice before talking about this to anyone.
  He knew the character type. "Maybe I will check up on her later" Ken thought
  as he passed to the next house. A good fuck with ms Dawton would be a good
  way to end the afternoon.  
His left neighbor was an older couple, so the bitch in there was actually
  no good for his business. However Ken was inventive and he could not have an
  older bitch snooping through his workplace. And so he had committed her to
  some older clients. She usually was out with them to nice restaurants where
  they outlived their long hidden fantasy of being sucked in all sorts of places,
  or be fucked wildly by a bitch in heat. Who would suspect an older lady to
  be so filthy? And it kept her away with her damn snoopy eyes. The older ones
  were actually the only ones he let work outside of the neighborhood where he
  had complete control. He knew from experience these oldies would never ever
  go public, and he did not want to use them himself. He usually fucked them
  in the beginning a few times to get them going, and would then let the older
  customers work her through the new tricks they had to perform. Ms Dunner was
  a good old fuck though, he was told. And she made him some good money. He would
  have her come over to his house to tell what she had to do today. And mr Dunner
  was old and getting a little 'behind' so Ken did not have to worry about him
  noticing anything. Poor guy.  
Ken walked into the next house. This was the house of ms Fillington. She
  was actually his first whore of the neighborhood. And thus she was also the
  most advanced in her body modifications. He had her husband Jim buy her some
  nice piercings today, and Ken wanted to check them out Ken of course had keys
  of every house, but he also ordered his whores to leave the front door open.
  This both for their customers, and for Ken. He liked to barge in on them and
  see what they were up to.  
"Yo bitch, where are you?" Ken shouted in the empty living room. Ms Fillington
  came down the stairs from the bedroom, wearing a towel. "Master Ken, I was
  just inspecting the piercings upstairs" Ms Fillington meekly apologized.  
"Show them whore" Ken continued. Ms Fillington let down her towel and there
  they were. Her breast where now adorned with two nice piercings. Grotesque
  loops went through them, and it would be impossible for ms Fillington to wear
  anything tight without showing off the ornament. Ken explicitly ordered the
  doctor to do this. He wanted her to beg to have the loops changed, and so he
  would have her move to her next stage of whoredom.  
"Come closer" Ken ordered, and a meek ms Fillington shuffled closer. "Where
  are your fucking heels?"  
"I was just going to shower, and&hellip;"  
"Fuck that shit bitch! What if I was a customer? Always be representative,
  ready to accommodate the customer. And your outfit must at least consist of
  high heels! Now go get some fast!" Ken liked to play with the bitches and confuse
  them a bit. Ms Fillington hated the high heels he forced her to wear, but off
  she went, searching for a pair. She found the pair she wore this morning to
  the doctor near the couch, and bent over to put them on. She knew better then
  to sit down. Ken wanted them always to bend over as often as possible, and
  his belt was ready if he felt they did not comply enough. Oh, how ms Fillington
  hated the day Ken moved into the neighborhood. She used to be a pretty and
  ordinary housewife, not too tall, not to short, with a little bit of fat due
  to the children she had gotten, and a loving husband. Now, thanks to Ken, she
  thought while she fitted the other shoe, she was a whore, with an arrow above
  her pussy pointing to it, piercings in her nipples, her hair was platinum blonde,
  her clothing consisted more and more of only short mini skirts, small revealing
  tops, her nails were whorish red&hellip;. She was a complete fucking whore
  now!  
Her shoes on she stood up and turned to face Ken again.  
"Better bitch, now come and stand in front of me." And she walked over to
  him "At ease" Ken ordered, and ms Fillington spread her legs, placed her arms
  behind her back, and looked straight to Ken, with a fearful look in her eyes.  
Ken grabbed her naked breasts firmly, causing a grumble of ms Fillington.
  Ken smiled knowing this must hurt the bitch, as the piercings were still fresh.
  He tucked roughly on the large hoops through her nipples.  
"AAAAH. PLEASE.." she inhaled deeply, but did not move "&hellip;Sir please
  they still hurt, please don't be so rough on them, I will do anything sir,
  I will do anything you want me to."  
Ken smiled. Yes, she was coming around nicely. "Filthy whore, now the whole
  neighborhood will see what whore you are. These hoops will be visible underneath
  any dress." And then Ken grabbed the hoops and pulled her down. With a pain
  stricken face she went down on her knees, knowing what to do. She opened his
  pants and pulled out his dick. Next she started licking and kissing and sucking
  in earnest on his member. Ken mater of factly pulled out his belt. This made
  ms Fillington suck and kiss harder, and she started to moan loader and loader.
  She did not want to be hit with the belt again.  
"Impress me bitch, show me that you learned to suck a dick" Ken ordered.
  He looked around with a grim smile. She was indeed improving. The belt went
  through the air and hit ms Fillington hard on her back. Her moans intensified
  more, her speed picked up, and Ken felt he was going to come. "I want to spray
  over your knew hoops bitch, tit fuck me now!!" ms Fillington had a shocked
  look on her eyes upon that request, yet did not hesitate. Her hands grabbed
  her own breast, and wrapped them around his dick. Ken just loved the look of
  pure pain on the whore's face. "That's it, now faster, and push harder!" The
  hoops started bouncing and were in the process every now and then painfully
  smashed between her breasts and his dick.  
"Here it comes!!" Ken warned, so the bitch could set her breasts ready. He
  sprayed a fair amount of cum on top of her breast. "Fucking lick the sperm
  from your breasts bitch."  
Then he noticed the school bus arriving in the neighborhood.  
"Okay, the fun is over here" he said and pulled up ms Fillington by the hoops.  
"Ah-ah-AH" "Please sir, not so rough, they are still tender, and the doctor
  said to be careful the first few days"  
"You better make me some more money with these hoops, instead of all this
  fucking complaining." Ken told her, and pulled up his pants. He whipped her
  hard with his belt on her ass "Now get dresses, your kids are coming home,
  worthless whore-mother "  
ms Fillington left the room quickly to go upstairs and get dressed. Ken wandered
  out of the house to continue his neighborhood check.  
When he was on the side walk the three lovely kids ran past him into the
  house of the family Fillington.  
"Good afternoon Ken!" they greeted him.  
"Good afternoon family Fillington!" Ken greeted back and laughed at there
  fast and wild pace.  
"I hope mommy the whore can kook something quick for you kids" he thought "It
  would be a shame if she neglected such sweet kids". And with this thought Ken
  moved across the street to the house of the family Rolton.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bokkey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





