BDSM Library - The Picture - Enslaved




The Picture - Enslaved
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An occidental girl is brought to an Arab harem.The Picture: Enslaved   
Chapter 1: Jason
        and Trina   
&ldquo;And
    what&rsquo;s that?&rdquo; Jason asked to the tour guide, pointing directly
    at a somewhat square construction, with an obelisk in front of it.   
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s
    the temple of Luxor&rdquo; replied the Egyptian man, with a smile. &ldquo;And
    that&rsquo;s also our next stop.&rdquo;   
Jason
    and Trina stared at the monument in awe. It was indeed a huge construction
    and besides the Keops pyramid, it was the best sight they&rsquo;ve had since
    their arrival to Egypt.   
Jason
    and Trina married a year ago, but hadn&rsquo;t had the chance to go on a
    honeymoon because of his job. So when he finally got a month vacation from
    his company, they decided to go to Egypt since she had been fascinated by
    Arab culture, and particularly Egyptian culture, ever since she was a little
    girl. This was his treat to her for not giving her a honeymoon on the appropriate
    occasion.   
They
    were a loving and strong couple. They didn&rsquo;t argue much and they got
    along pretty well. He was 31, she was only 20. They met not much time before
    they got married, just 6 months, but they fell in love deeply at first sight.
    It was during a company party. A friend of Trina had brought her to the party,
    so she could meet some men. She hadn&rsquo;t had any boyfriends in her entire
    life and she was getting quite concerned that she was going to be alone for
    the rest of her existence. But then Jason came along, his little prince charming.
    She was a virgin, so Jason was his first and only sexual partner. Couldn&rsquo;t
    be said the same thing about Jason though; he had lots of partners. But he
    had been faithful to Trina since they met. For the first time ever he was
    being loyal to a woman.   
Trina
    was a gorgeous brown-haired girl, with a well balanced figured. Her B cup
    breasts were average, but what turned a lot of heads around was her stunning
    face. She had the most beautiful facial features. He knew that, and he kind
    of had mixed feelings about this. He enjoyed having a beautiful wife, but
    he didn&rsquo;t quite like so many men staring constantly at her.   
Jason
    was a dark haired strong man. Not that handsome, but not ugly either.   
The
    tour guide kept talking about the temple of Luxor. Jason and Trina stayed
    at the back of the group, just staring at the beautiful sight. They kissed
    passionately and Trina thanked him once again for the trip he had given to
    her as a gift. She thought they were never going to have a honeymoon, but
    when Jason got his vacations from the company he surprised her appearing
    at their flat with a couple of tickets to Cairo, for the following day. She
    was so excited!!   
Suddenly
    a woman approached to them and interrupted their kissing. She told them she
    thought it was a little impolite of them to be kissing while the tour guide
    was speaking. She had a clear Arab accent, though she was clearly not Egyptian.
    More evidently, her whole body was covered, even her hair and her face. They
    both apologized and asked her name. Her name was Aisha, and she was from
    Saudi Arabia. She had been sent there by her Master, Ahmed. She was studying
    Egypt ancient culture so she could back to her hometown and teach about it
    to his children.   
Jason
    and Trina listened to what the tour guide was saying, but as soon as he stopped
    talking, they engaged on a friendly chat with Aisha. She was always accompanied
    by two very strong looking men, wearing Arab traditional clothes. They seemed
    to be protecting her as well as ensuring she was not misbehaving. The happy
    couple found out that the Arab woman was staying at their same hotel in Cairo,
    and made a promise to have a more thorough talk when they got back there.
    Jason and Trina were very interested in her, they both loved to talk about
    different cultures. And since Aisha belonged to a culture so different than
    that of the western world, made it fascinating.   
Evening
    came and the tour bus started its way back to Cairo. Jason and Trina seated
    next to Aisha and they talked most of the 8 hours trip. Topics swung around
    how women lived in Saudi Arabia, harems, how her Master treated her and how
    many slave girls he kept. As Aisha told them, her Master had well over 15
    slave girls, her being one of her most precious. She had a son and a daughter
    with him.   
Jason
    was especially interested on how they were treated, while Trina didn&rsquo;t
    particularly want to hear about it. She felt sorry for those women and repulsion
    for the men enslaving them. But Jason wanted to know everything&hellip;   
So
    Aisha told them about how they were trained to fulfill their Master&rsquo;s
    every single sexual desire, how to please them always, and especially to
    not embarrass them in front of other people. How they were tortured when
    not behaving well and punished when not fulfilling an order correctly. Jason
    joked around with Trina telling her maybe he should do that to her. She didn&rsquo;t
    find it funny. And she even felt a little awkward when, right after her husband&rsquo;s
    joke, Aisha commented on how beautiful she was and that her Master would
    surely like her.   
They
    arrived to the hotel in Cairo early in the morning, but the three of them
    were all tired from the trip, especially since they spent most of the way
    back talking instead of sleeping, so they went to their rooms to rest a bit
    and agreed to meet again later at the hotel lobby.   
A
    few hours later, they were drinking some whine at the hotel lobby and talking
    enthusiastically again, this time the topic focused on Saudi Arabia&rsquo;s
    tourist attractions. Jason asked if Trina would sometime be interested visiting
    that country and she wasn&rsquo;t sure. After they finished their first bottle
    of red wine, Aisha invited them to her room to let them taste a typical drink
    from her country. It was very tasty and sweet. It did have alcohol, but it
    was barely noticeably. After Jason and Trina had gone through a couple of
    glasses of it, they started to feel dizzy. They both collapsed to the floor
    almost at the same time. The drink had some kind of soporific in it.   
&ldquo;&laquo;Take
    them to the separate rooms we&rsquo;ve set up&raquo;&rdquo; Aisha told her
    bodyguards in Arabic.   
Approximately
    one hour later, Jason finally regained consciousness. He was lying on a sofa,
    and Aisha was seating on a chair next to him. Before he recovered complete
    control of his body, Aisha started to talk.   
&ldquo;Please,
    Jason, don&rsquo;t be mad at me for drugging you. It isn&rsquo;t meant for
    bad things for you. In fact, I had to do this so I could get you two apart
    and I could make you a proposal you&rsquo;ll find hard to reject. Please
    hear me out, and then you&rsquo;ll decide if I&rsquo;m a bitch or the most
    wonderful thing that happened to you, ok?&rdquo;   
Jason
    was mad at her because of what she had done. But oddly enough, her words
    made him curious about what she was going to offer. So he decided to listen.
    At least for the time being.   
&ldquo;Ok,
    I&rsquo;ll hear you out and then we&rsquo;ll see&hellip;&rdquo; he said groggily.   
&ldquo;I
    want to give my Master a present. And guess what I want: I want your wife.
    I want her to become part of his harem. Give her to me for six months. My
    Master is pretty rich and I can offer you one million American dollars as
    a payment for her. He will return her to you completely trained to be your
    fuck toy. What do you think?&rdquo;   
For
    a few seconds, Jason was infuriated by the proposition. But it was an ephemeral
    feeling. His mind began to imagine how she&rsquo;d like her to do so many
    things she had refused to do during their marriage. His cock quivered in
    his pants just thinking about it. After about a minute, he finally talked.   
&ldquo;That
    is an interesting proposal indeed. And you would train her to do anything
    I asked of her?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Yes.
    If you have special requests as to an area you want her trained more thoroughly,
    we can also do that. We can make her a specialist in the art of fucking with
    her three holes. She can be trained as a puppy or as a pony girl. As a whore
    or a pain slut. As a toilet or a completely will-free cunt.&rdquo;   
This
    was becoming more and more interesting. Jason thought about it for a moment,
    but finally accepted to give Trina to Aisha for six months of proper training.
    And the money would be greatly appreciated as well.   
Aisha
    wanted to take her back to Saudi Arabia right away. Jason said it was ok.
    He received a money transfer to his bank account and the following day, a
    drugged and naked Trina was placed in a large box to deliver by plane to
    Aisha&rsquo;s Master. Aisha herself went back home in that very same plane.
    Jason went back to his job and didn&rsquo;t wait long to begin fucking every
    girl he could get his hands on, as he usually did before meeting Trina.   
Chapter 2: Trina arrives at her new home  
Trina
    was delivered in the box to Ahmed, Aisha&rsquo;s Master, on a very hot day
    of July. Aisha had already anticipated to him that she had a special gift
    for him, and he was very anxious to see her new white slave girl.  
He
    opened the box and saw her for the first time. She was being held nude by
    a steel structure, with her ass and pussy stuffed with metallic rods. Her
    wrists and ankles were locked to the structure and she had a penis-gag. She
    was covered in sweat and trickles of piss could be seen down the shaft that
    was buried in her cunt. She was awake, it seemed like whatever Aisha had
    used to get her asleep had lost it effects sometime while flying to Saudi
    Arabia.  
Ahmed
    was pleased.  
&ldquo;&laquo;This
    is a fine looking slave, Aisha&raquo;&rdquo; he said to her in Arabic. &ldquo;&laquo;Well
    done. You&rsquo;ll receive a reward for this precious gift you&rsquo;ve given
    me&raquo;.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;&laquo;Thank
    you, Master&raquo;.&rdquo;  
Ahmed
    slapped Trina&rsquo;s face to make her come to her senses.  
&ldquo;Marhaba.
    Welcome slave.&rdquo;  
Ahmed
    took Trina&rsquo;s gag off to let her speak.  
&ldquo;Who
    are you? What is this? Where am I? Let me free!! Where&rsquo;s Jason?&rdquo; shouted
    the girl.  
&ldquo;You
    are now property of my Master Ahmed&rdquo; said Aisha, approaching her.  
&ldquo;You&rsquo;ll
    be here until I get tired of you, and then I&rsquo;ll dispose of you&rdquo; said
    Ahmed. &ldquo;You&rsquo;ll learn to keep me satisfied, renouncing to your
    own pleasure. You&rsquo;ll be my slave and my fuck toy.&rdquo;  
Trina
    tried to protest, but Ahmed quickly placed a ball-gag in her pretty mouth,
    making her protests impossible to be heard.  
&ldquo;&laquo;Bathe
    the bitch and lock her up in a cell&raquo;&rdquo; Ahmed instructed to his
    servants. &ldquo;&laquo;You may have a go at her if you feel like it&raquo;.&rdquo;  
Khalim
    and Abdul, Ahmed&rsquo;s two most trusted servants, were two big guys. They
    had muscular bodies and wide shoulders. They took Trina out of her restraints
    and carried her to a small room. The wall had wrists and ankles manacles
    attached to it. Khalim and Abdul locked Trina with them and took the hose
    that was by the restraints. They washed Trina with a strong and ice cold
    stream of water, completely soaking her and making her shudder in cold.  
After
    that, they released Trina and led her downstairs, were four cells were located
    to each side of the aisle. Only two had occupants in them. The place resembled
    a prison, but it was a lot smaller. She was thrown inside one of the empty
    cells. Khalim and Abdul followed and locked the door behind them. Her gag
    was removed and she was immediately stuffed with Abdul&rsquo;s cock. It was
    huge!! Not so much in length, but it was the thickest thing Trina had ever
    seen. It easily doubled Jason&rsquo;s cock thickness.  
&ldquo;You
    suck Abdul good or you then get punishment&rdquo; said Khalim in a primitive
    English.  
Khalim
    took her clothes off and grabbed Trina by her hips, lifting her up and plunging
    his cock deep down her pussy. Trina grunted in pain, while sucking the giant
    cock inside her mouth. She was having trouble fighting her gag reflex, and
    she felt she would vomit anytime.  
Abdul
    grabbed Trina&rsquo;s head and started to fuck her mouth really fast. Khalim,
    on the other end of her body, was doing the same. Tears were rolling down
    Trina&rsquo;s cheeks, not so much for the excruciating pain she was feeling
    but because of her humiliation and current condition.  
Khalim
    started to thrust deeper and faster and he was soon going rigid and coming
    inside her pussy. He slapped her ass a few times and then encouraged Abdul
    to cum as well. And he did, his cock spurting cum inside her throat like
    a gas station hose, filling her bowels with his sperm.  
They
    eased her grip on her and threw her to the floor, leaving the cell laughing
    and rubbing their cocks, satisfied for the fuck they had just have.  
Trina
    was tired and sore, so she quickly made herself forget what was going on
    and fell asleep.  
Chapter 3: Trina submits to Ahmed  
Trina
    was woken up with another ice cold shower. This time, Khalim and Abdul were
    accompanied by Aisha.  
&ldquo;Come
    on, slut, wake up. Master Ahmed is waiting for you&rdquo; Aisha said to Trina.  
Aisha
    tied Trina&rsquo;s hands behind her back and put golden ankle cuffs on her.
    She also put another pair of golden cuffs and chain around her upper arms,
    and finished her look with a gold collar.  
Aisha
    then led the way pulling Trina by the chain on her arms. Trina had to walk
    slowly because of the short chain between her legs, but they finally reached
    a room were Ahmed was waiting for them. He made a signal to Khalim and Abdul
    for them to leave, so Trina, Aisha and he were alone on the room.  
He
    was sitting in a wooden chair, resembling a king&rsquo;s throne. At his side
    laid a wooden couch. Aisha led Trina right in front of Ahmed and ordered
    her to kneel before him.  
&ldquo;Now
    you&rsquo;re going to pay homage to your new owner, slave&rdquo; said Ahmed
    to Trina. &ldquo;You&rsquo;re going to suck on my cock. And you better do
    it well.&rdquo;  
Ahmed
    took his cock out and slapped Trina on the face with it. Aisha lay down on
    the couch and watched closely what was happening. She exposed her tits so
    she could play with herself, and with her right hand she guided her Master&rsquo;s
    cock to Trina&rsquo;s mouth.  
Trina
    begun to eagerly suck on Ahmed&rsquo;s cock, realizing for the first time
    she had no way out of her situation and that she had no choice than to do
    what she was told until her ordeal was finished, and that would occur when
    Ahmed decided he would no longer want her. The only thing she was worried
    about was Jason. She missed him and wondered what had happened to him.  
Ahmed
    grabbed Trina&rsquo;s hair and pushed her head to his rigid shaft, while
    Aisha helped to pleasure him by jerking him off at the same time with her
    right hand. Her left hand was busy rubbing and squeezing her breasts, putting
    up a show for Ahmed&rsquo;s delight.  
Trina
    sucked on him like a pro. She had been well taught by Jason and she could
    see the satisfaction in Ahmed&rsquo;s eyes. It didn&rsquo;t took long for
    him to reach the point of no return, having his cock sucked and jerked and
    at the same time watching Aisha playing with her round luscious tits. Trina
    suddenly felt warmth gushing down her throat. &ldquo;Swallow it all&rdquo; said
    Ahmed. And so she did.  
&ldquo;That
    was the blowjob ever performed on me&rdquo; complimented Ahmed. Trina remained
    silent, what turned a pleased Ahmed into an angry Ahmed.  
&ldquo;If
    I say nice things about what you&rsquo;ve done, you show your gratitude,
    you cunt!&rdquo; he screamed, slapping her face.  
&ldquo;Yes,
    Sir. Sorry, Sir. Thank you for your kind words&rdquo; replied Trina. She
    was beginning to submit to him.  
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s
    more like it&rdquo; he said. He laid back and got fully dressed. &ldquo;I
    would like to see now what your pain threshold is. But I don&rsquo;t want
    to hear any screaming. Aisha! Gag her! I want you to whip her until she faints!&rdquo;  
Trina&rsquo;s
    eyes were an evident sign of the fear Ahmed&rsquo;s words had brought into
    her. She was lifted, her arms bound above her head and her feet secured to
    the floor, legs wide spread. Aisha then silenced her with a ball-gag.  
Aisha
    was given a selection of whips to choose from. She grabbed a thick leather
    whip, and without many formalities she got to her task. She struck her hard
    across her back first. A long red welt could already be perceived, contrasting
    to her white flesh. Aisha then hit her three more times in a row, leaving
    more uneven marks on her skin. Trina was already crying.  
Ahmed
    signaled Aisha to stop for a second and check on Trina&rsquo;s pussy. She
    was wet. Ahmed smiled.  
Aisha
    then resumed her task. Each strike was much harder than the last one, and
    after 30 lashes, Trina finally couldn&rsquo;t take any more and lost her
    consciousness.  
&ldquo;We&rsquo;ll
    have to work on how much pain she can receive&rdquo; Ahmed said to Aisha,
    and she nodded, acknowledging his statement.  
Trina
    was released from her bonds and taken back to her cell so she could rest
    for a while. 
Chapter 4: The party  
Trina
    regained her consciousness an hour after her whipping. She was alone in her
    cell and she started to sob, lamenting her fate. She had a bowl of water,
    but the chain attached to her collar impeded her from standing up, so she
    had to drink from it like a dog. Her back was really aching and she could
    actually feel the welts on her skin.  
Several
    hours passed before someone came to her cell and took her out of it. It was
    Khalim. He released the chain from her collar and attached a leash instead.
    He then cuffed her hands together in front of her. Leading her tugging on
    the leash, Khalim took Trina to a huge room, with a really high ceiling.
    The hall was packed with people of different ages and looks, but they had
    something in common: they were all male. She instantaneously reacted to her
    nakedness, trying to cover her body from the prying eyes. Most of the men
    there looked Arabic, but there were some European people as well. He could
    even distinguish some clearly Nordic gentlemen, being blonde, tall and having
    blue eyes.  
Ahmed
    was presiding the room, seated on a throne-like chair in the middle of the
    room.  
&ldquo;Stop
    covering yourself, slave&rdquo; Ahmed said. &ldquo;These people are here
    because of you. They want to watch you squirm in pain, put on a show with
    some of my other female slaves and finally have a turn to fuck any of your
    holes. They all will take at least one shot at one of your openings, and
    there are nearly one hundred people here. So prepare for the fuck of your
    life. Hahahaha!&rdquo; His laugh was pure evil.  
Two
    girls emerged from the crowd. They were butt-naked and Trina assumed, accurately,
    that they were also Ahmed&rsquo;s slaves. They walked to the center of the
    room, just in front of where Ahmed was seating, and installed a whipping
    pole. Trina started to plead for her life. Her back was still aching really
    badly and she was sure she would not be able to endure another whipping.
    But her fate was not controlled by herself, she was tied to the pole, her
    arms stretched perpendicular to her body and her legs spread wide.  
A
    man stepped forward. His torso was nude and his face was covered in a black
    mask. He had a very muscular body. He looked like a mid-age executioners.
    He stood up right in front of Trina. She was staring at the floor, crying.  
&ldquo;Look
    at me!!&rdquo; said the masked man. Trina stayed still. &ldquo;I SAID LOOK
    AT ME, WHORE!!&rdquo;, he shouted, slapping Trina hard across her face. She
    immediately raised her eyes and looked directly into the barely visible eyes
    of her forthcoming tormentor.  
&ldquo;I
    don&rsquo;t want your eyes to look anywhere else than mine, understood?&rdquo; asked
    the man.  
&ldquo;Yeah&hellip; yes&hellip;&rdquo; replied
    Trina, sobbing.  
&ldquo;Now
    you will be marked. The symbol we use indicates you&rsquo;ve been trained
    by Master Ahmed and his harem.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Marked?
    What do you mean by marked?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Your
    ass will be branded with these&rdquo;. He revealed a red hot iron with a
    small strange symbol on its tip. Trina glued her eyes to the rod, filled
    with terror.  
&ldquo;You&hellip; you
    gotta be kidding&rdquo; stuttered Trina, not quite being able to speak from
    the horror.  
&ldquo;No,
    I&rsquo;m not&rdquo;.  
Trina
    struggled in her restraints, but she couldn&rsquo;t move at all. Her legs
    were securely locked to eyebolts on the floor and her arms were restrained
    in a similar fashion.  
The
    masked man moved away and took a look at Trina&rsquo;s round firm ass, trying
    to decide exactly where to plant the impression. He instructed the two slaves
    that had brought the whipping pole to hold Trina tightly, and without hesitating
    he grabbed Trina&rsquo;s ass and swiftly held the iron to her skin.  
For
    a few seconds, she turned completely silent and her face turned absolutely
    white. Then, as the rod slowly left the area she started to yell in pain
    and humiliation. Her ass displayed a neat &ldquo;brand&rdquo; new mark.  
The
    masked man and the two girls left the room. In exchange, two new Arabic girls
    entered the hall, Rehab and Zimruth.  
&ldquo;Look
    people. These two slaves of mine will demonstrate to you how slutty western
    girls are. After all she&rsquo;s been through, they&rsquo;ll prove to you
    that she&rsquo;s turned on by her ordeal&rdquo; said Ahmed to the crowd.
    Some of the men had already taken out their pricks and were jerking off staring
    at poor Trina&rsquo;s branded ass.  
Zimruth
    approached Trina and, without warning, she inserted her right index finger
    into Trina&rsquo;s pussy, taking it out coated in her glistening pussy juices.
    She raised her finger high up in the air so everybody could clearly see proof
    of Trina&rsquo;s excitement.  
&ldquo;See?&rdquo; said
    Ahmed. &ldquo;Western girls are all the same. They say they&rsquo;re disgusted
    by sex, but in fact they&rsquo;re all waiting for someone to subjugate them
    and fuck their brains out&rdquo;.  
Rehab
    kneeled in front of Trina and started to cup and caress Trina&rsquo;s breasts.
    She pinched and pulled on her nipples, rubbing her areola and licking her
    tits. She then proceeded to suckle on her nipples as a baby. Meanwhile, Zimruth
    had devoted to the task of licking her cunt. She was doing a fairly good
    job, moving her tongue all around her opening, getting it in and out of her
    pussy, sucking and flicking on her clit at the same time.  
It
    wasn&rsquo;t long until both Rehab and Zimruth could tell Trina was close
    to climax. They increased their tempo; Rehab nibbled on Trina&rsquo;s nipples
    and pinched them hard, while Zimruth plunged her tongue deep inside Trina&rsquo;s
    cunt.  
With
    a huge moan, Trina came. She was ashamed and humiliated. How could she be
    turned on by all the things that were being done on her?  
Zimruth
    and Rehab left the room. Trina was released from the pole but soon her ankles
    were cuffed, and a chain was attached to it. The chain was locked to the
    floor, impeding her to escape. Her wrists were cuffed together.  
&ldquo;Well,
    gentlemen, now begins what you have been expecting all night. Your turn at
    this slave holes!&rdquo; announced Ahmed.  
The
    crowd quickly approached the girl and three stepped forward. One of them
    had already been jerking off himself, and shoved his cum bathed cock in Trina&rsquo;s
    mouth. Two more took her cunt and ass. She was fucked on all her holes at
    the same time. And when one man finished, another took his place. There were
    a hundred men, and each one of them took at least one turn on her.  
Five
    hours later, all the men were satiated and her ordeal was over. Every inch
    of her body ached. She could not move at all.  
She
    was dragged back to her cell, where she was left undisturbed for a whole
    day. She slept the whole 24 hours, exhausted as she was. 
Chapter 5: Trina&rsquo;s training  
When
    Trina finally woke up, she was tied to a chair and ball-gagged. She could
    also notice some strange things attached to her nipples. Wires came out of
    those things.  
Her
    eyes got used to the light and she was able to distinguish Aisha standing
    in front of her, looking at her.  
&ldquo;Finally
    you wake up, slut&rdquo; Aisha said. &ldquo;You may have been wondering for
    the last few days how you ended up here and what happened to Jason, is that
    right?&rdquo;  
Trina
    nodded.  
&ldquo;Well,
    you&rsquo;re here because I paid Jason a huge sum of money to bring you here
    for six months. You will be trained here for that amount of time and you
    will become a mindless pet. You will be just a toy, an object to be used
    by your Master any way he wishes. Jason, of course, has agreed to this and
    is looking forward to have you back in your new condition. He even had a
    special request. He wants us to train you to always want to have sex, anytime
    of the day and every single day for the rest of your life. He also wants
    you to become the best cock sucker in the world. So we&rsquo;ll start with
    that.  
&ldquo;There
    are five men here. They all come from different backgrounds: one of them
    is a black African, another one is Asian, there&rsquo;s also a European,
    an Arabic and a South American. You will give blowjobs to them all for the
    following 24 hours. Whenever they feel something they dislike, they&rsquo;ll
    push this button and then they&rsquo;ll explain to you what you&rsquo;re
    doing wrong. Do you want to see what this little button does? Well&hellip; enjoy&rdquo; said
    Aisha with a grin. She pushed the button and suddenly Trina felt a jolt of
    electricity running from her breasts and all over her body. Her eyes filled
    with tears.  
&ldquo;Did
    you like it, slut? Today, the charge is at its minimum, but if tomorrow you
    keep making mistakes when sucking these guys, you&rsquo;ll receive a higher
    voltage. It will increase a bit every day. So my advice to you is to get
    real good at this, real fast. Bye, bye!&rdquo; said Aisha and left the room.  
The
    first man, the Arabic, stepped forward and released her. He retied Trina
    kneeling on the floor and with her arms well stretched. He removed the ball-gag
    and immediately stuck his cock inside Trina&rsquo;s throat. Realizing she
    had no options whatsoever, she started to suck him as well as she could.  
Whenever
    she scraped her teeth against the men&rsquo;s shaft, she received an electric
    shock directly to her nipples. She also received charges when they went so
    far down her throat that she gagged. And even when she did something that
    they didn&rsquo;t like.  
This &ldquo;blowjob
    learning&rdquo; sessions lasted 16 hours. When she was finished, she was
    brought back to her cell, she was fed and she immediately fell asleep, exhausted.
    When she woke up the following day, the routine began once more. In three
    months, she had been turned the best sucking whore in the world, and she
    rarely received any more electric charges.  
During
    this time, her mind was deeply affected by her situation. She started to
    enjoy giving blowjobs to the guys, and despite the fact she spent 2/3 of
    the day doing it, she woke up every morning craving for more cock in her
    mouth. Knowing she was being trained for Jason made her desperate to show
    him how much she had learned.  
She
    was halfway through her training (having learned to suck cock properly) and
    she was right on schedule, with three more months to work on her sexual appetite.
    Aisha was exulted. And she thought that increasing her sexual drive wouldn&rsquo;t
    be that complicated, since she was aware that Trina had started to enjoy
    her blowjob sessions.  
Trina
    was to be fucked on all of her three holes for 10 hours a day. And she was
    fucked by the hugest cocks available in Saudi Arabia. She spent her mornings
    having cock for breakfast, and when the sun started to come down it was time
    to get her ready for her Master, Ahmed, who had been waiting for three months
    for her pet to be ready for him. So she spent the evenings fucking Ahmed.  
By
    the time her last month of training arrived, she didn&rsquo;t even need to
    be restrained at all. She was enjoying herself. She was given a luxury room
    near Ahmed&rsquo;s own bedroom. She spent almost the whole day being fucked
    and she enjoyed it and craved it more every day. 
Chapter 6: Jason comes back  
But
    finally, the day came. Jason was in Saudi Arabia, eager to take Trina back
    home and to see for himself what Aisha had commented him through the phone:
    his wife was the sluttiest woman on Earth.  
He
    was given a room and Trina was sent to his encounter. They spent 12 hours
    locked in that room, having sex the whole time. Jason was amazed how she
    behaved. She was a whole different person. So, after satiating his lust,
    Jason went to thank Aisha for Trina&rsquo;s training and to prepare for the
    trip back home. Great was his surprise, when she found Aisha kissing Trina.
    He coughed to make himself noticeable, and Trina responded:  
&ldquo;I
    don&rsquo;t want to leave, dear. I will stay here and serve as a slave to
    Master Ahmed and Mistress Aisha. I guess they won&rsquo;t have any problem
    that you come visit me anytime you want. But I&rsquo;m not going back to
    London with you.&rdquo;  
So, this is where the story gets interactive  J  
You, the reader, get to choose how the
    story goes on. You have three different options:  

  
    Jason
        forces Trina to go back home with him  
  
  
    Jason
        lets Trina stay in Saudi Arabia and comes to visit every once in a while  
  
  
    Jason
        goes mad, gets rid of Ahmed and gets the harem all for himself  
  

Whatever the option you choose, I promise
    a lot more of BDSM and sexual description.  
Write to bdsm_writer3k@yahoo.com.ar 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slvWriting


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





