BDSM Library - Missing the Cut




Missing the Cut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The continuing story of Micky Wilson after her abrupt retirement from professional golf at the tender age of 13. She now has to cope with her increasingly sexually aggressive father and a new challenge, his fiancee, a dominant bisexual with designs on Micky.






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 1 (revised)





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At&nbsp; nearly 14 Micky, short for Maxine, Wilson was getting more coverage on the men's tour than they were. Using sponsor exemptions, her father was cherry picking the tournaments at which his daughter performed. This sepia skinned honey was cute as a button, and could hit the ball as far as most of the men on the tour. Many of the pros were angered that they had to not only share their prize money with this youthful phenomenon, but she was allowed to play on many courses that normally were most reluctant to open their gates to minorities. To their way of thinking something had to be done about this outrageous situation and an ad hoc committee was formed to come up with a suitable strategy for discouraging her from competing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jake Wilson, her father and manager, was taken aside and told that they were going to "initiate" his little girl, all 6 feet one inch of her, into the men's tour. Jake was no fool, and decided to go along with their plan for his moneymaker of a daughter. He went out of his way to make sure that they knew that Micky was no virgin, he had taken care of that a couple of months ago as part of his method of controlling the teenager. In fact he was secretly happy that they were going to take his daughter down a peg or two, as her growing fame was beginning to overshadow his role as her mentor and manager. His only condition was that she be able to compete in the tournament that was beginning the next day.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Promptly at 7 that evening Micky was marched into one of the smaller out buildings on the course and confronted by her initiation committee consisting of about two dozen good old boys, a couple of officials from the club and half a dozen well hung black caddies. The tall teen struggled mightily but was easily overpowered by her assailants. Her clothing was torn off and handcuffs slapped on her wrists that had been pulled behind her back. Even though Micky had only started to undergo the change from girl to young woman, she still presented a sight that caused more than a few erections to develop among the committee members.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl had saucer shaped tits with good sized nipples. It would be another few years before those pancakes fully developed, but for her age they were impressive. A few jokes were made about what might happen to her swing once those buds came into full bloom. Her cunt had a sparse patch of black, springy pubic air that curled up towards her navel. One of the caddies claimed that was a sign that Micky was going to be one hot piece of ass once she filled out. Her hips showed some evidence of changing from boyish to womanly, but there was still plenty of work necessary before that aspect of her body was fully developed. The same could be said of her nearly flat ass.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once everyone had their fill of commenting about what Micky would look like in a few years, they got busy taking care of business. Despite her struggles they dragged the naked teenager over to a low bench with two posts at one end. Her ankles were raised and secured to the posts so she was spread wide, and a pillow was slipped beneath her butt making it easy to have access to her cunt. Micky Wilson was now open for business and the line of customers was impressive.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few hours later she had been fucked bowlegged by nearly half the men attending her grand opening. By then her cunt lips were fat with blood from all the pounding her tight young twat had been taking. A pool of cum had formed just below her spread crotch, which was oozing a steady stream of fluid from all the loads thar had been deposited into her previously. Micky's head dangled over the edge of the bench, her mouth wrapped around a huge black cock that was jammed half way down her sore throat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her assailants decided that she needed a change of scenery now that she had been calmed down a bit. Phase two of her initiation was about to begin. They released the teenager from her bonds and half carried her to the sauna, taking this opportunity to fondle, poke and pinch as much of her naked body as they could get to. They didn't bother to restrain her, since she was too worn out to resist by now. They laid her body out on a bench, and for the next hour she was mercilessly fucked raw by tag teams of men who would stay for perhaps ten minutes, slamming their hard cocks into her with mindless fury until the heat sapped their strength. By then Micky was nearly unconscious from the stifling heat and steady&nbsp; pounding she was enduring. It was time for phase three to begin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had to carry their sweat soaked victim from the sauna and down to the next location where her gangbang would continue. Initially she was given a huge enema of cold water mixed with crushed ice. A stopper was used to prevent her from voiding the chilling liquid that soon had her teeth chattering as waves of cramps surged through her lower intestines.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Damn! That little social climber looks like she's five months gone. Let me at her!" The speaker wasted no time mounting her as she sprawled on the tiled floor fighting the agonizing cramps that continued to ripple through her body. She grunted from the pain as his long thin cock bottomed out against her cervix. Her rapist laughed at her discomfort and settled into a powerful rhythm, his cock plowing deep into the teen at a pace that no man could sustain for long.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenager took another raping that was almost as brutal before the stopper was pulled from her puckered anus so she could void the roiling contents that had been tormenting her for a good half hour into the floor drain close by where she was being assaulted. Then she endured the agony of another enema, this time one consisting of water that was very hot. She screamed and fought as she took at least&nbsp; two quarts of near scalding water. Once more the stopper was slammed into her anal passage and she was ready for still another round of vicious rapes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time her throat and cunt were double teamed steadily as her insides churned and twisted from the pressure of the hot water she now was trying to accommodate. During this phase everyone got a chance at her body. To keep it interesting for all concerned, she took alternating icy and near boiling water enemas as they relentlessly&nbsp; reamed out her aching cunt and sore, raspy throat until each man involved was satisfied. It was now close to midnight, and most of the players took their leave to rest up for the tournament that would begin in the early morning. A few officials, some late arrivals from the club membership and the caddies stayed on to finish the job of initiating and totally humiliating Micky Wilson.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl went back into the sauna for some very serious fucking from the hard core that remained. For the first time they sodomized her. One of the club officials had taken the liberty of informing Jake Wilson that they intended to start using his daughter's asshole since her cunt was beginning to get more than a bit stretched out of shape from all the attention it had been getting to date. Jake had chuckled and given his permission since he had very recently taken care of the matter of her anal cherry. He also passed along the word that Micky was no fan of anal, and encouraged the "committee" to do their best to show the girl all the advantages of taking it in the ass. That brought a laugh from the club official who promised to pass along Jake's remarks to those still working on his daughter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So for the next three hours her asshole was stretched, skewered, split, sundered, reamed, ripped, ruined, near-ruptured, wrecked, warped and any other word that meant torn up. Finally they decided she needed a little break since she barely grunted or moved when her gaping asshole was being plowed, no matter how thick and long the cock doing the work was. Between the heat, the enemas and the constant attention her three holes were receiving, she'd probably lost ten pounds from that slim frame.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Poor Micky was totally dehydrated and gasped, no, begged for water as they carried her back to the shower for another round of water sports. One thing led to another and soon she was on her back with her mouth forced wide open. One after another the remaining gangbangers pissed down her throat until Micky's belly positively bulged. Another line formed at her splayed legs and she was once more mercilessly skewered as she puked up the piss that she had swallowed. After about an hour they gave her a gut busting enema that left her looking as if she was carrying a set of overdue twins.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen was so swollen that they had to use her asshole exclusively, giving it to Micky in the reverse cowgirl position as she begged for relief in a hoarse voice, the result of many hours of serious sword swallowing as her assailants described it. She received no quarter from them as her swollen asshole was rubbed raw by the pistoning pricks that bored away inside her sore anal passageway. The battered teenager finally passed out and slumped over the black caddie who was putting nearly eleven inches of hard thick meat into the gaping wound that used to be her anus.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The caddies were told to leave since they needed some rest before they began their work in less than five hours.&nbsp; However Micky's ordeal still had one more stage to come; one that would finish her off, preventing her from having any chance to show the television audience what she could do under normal circumstances. It was somehow fitting that this could only be accomplished because of her late tee time, a favor to the television folks despite the fact that it broke with tradition. The girl was carried to another out building for the final phase of her initiation. She was barely conscious, unaware of her surroundings or what terrible thing was about to occur to her battered and bruised body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She found herself in a richly furnished paneled room. The teen offered no resistance as the handcuffs were released and her body was hoisted so that her wrists could be tied to a hook in one of the open beams that ran the length of the room. Soon she was dangling, her feet perhaps a foot from the inlaid wooden floor. A few feet from where she hung was a long table upon which sat two large buckets of ice cubes and a stack of towels. She was too dazed to concern herself with the two club members who dumped ice cubes into a pair of towels and used some heavy rubber bands that were contained in a bowl that sat beside the buckets to secure the cubes.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"This ought to cool this uppity tramp down good and proper." As he spoke the club member approached the teen and delivered the first of countless blows to her bare body; his flattening one of her pancake shaped tits with a clicking sound muted somewhat by the towel. His companion took his stance behind the teenager and began drubbing her kidney area with his improvised club. For over an hour pairs of men took a turn walloping Micky's naked body from her neck to her knees, back and front. The slings they used grew smaller as the cubes melted, but there were always fresh towels filled and ready for use.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This group of angry white men beat her to the point that she was almost unable to draw breath. One pair in particular had stood on either side of her and used their ice packed towels on her ribcage until she wheezed. Others homed in on her tits, claiming that they were helping those buds to grow faster, which brought cackles from the audience. Others were fascinated by her midsection, enjoying the sound that the towels made as they repeatedly smashed into her groin and her flat belly. Naturally there were those who wanted nothing more than to see how many times they could land solid hits to her swollen vulva. Mickey took it all, she had no choice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'll bet we took a hundred yards off her drives tonight. I can hardly wait to see what kind of a short game and putting stroke she comes up with after we're done wacking her. Damn! This is fun. I could do this all day." The speaker drove his freshly filled towel up between Micky's legs, splitting open the swollen lips of her totally ravaged cunt. The teenager barely twitched.&nbsp; There was no way that she would be in any shape to play golf today or for that matter any time for an as yet to be determined period.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The golfing world was stunned when Jake Wilson withdrew his daughter from the tournament that many thought would catapult her into super star status. He made the announcement minutes before his teenage daughter was due to tee off, citing his concern for her mental well-being due to the pressures associated with playing on the tour and his desire that she become a normal youngster for a few more years.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I plan for us to get real close starting now. To me the opportunity to get to know my little girl more than makes up for any monetary gains we are sacrificing. There will be plenty of time in the future for her to compete and show the world her fully developed talent." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even as he was speaking, Jake Wilson was thinking about all the wonderful opportunities he was going to have to enhance his daughter's knowledge of things important to her future in golf. He looked forward to becoming her mentor when it came to sex education. Better she learn these things from her father rather than out away from his influence and not to mention discipline. She certainly would be getting plenty of disciplining. Last night had been a sort of revelation for Jake and he was most eager to plumb the depths of Micky in more ways than one. He thanked his lucky stars that he had been approved to provide her home schooling. He planned just a few minor changes in the cirriculum, but they would make a world of difference in their future relationship. The frosting on the cake came when certain members of the tour as well as the club sponsoring the tournament agreed to kick back a certain percentage of their earnings to his scholarship fund for Micky in lieu of him filing a police report on what happened to his daughter. In truth, this was a win-win situation for all concerned.



					Missing the Cut



	Some comments are in order to explain why I have chosen to continue this
very short story that was begun as more of an exercise than for any other
reason. I received some very cogent and thought provoking reviews despite its
brevity and content. As time passed and I revisited other short works that I
produced, under more than one pseudonym I must admit, it became apparent that
they deserved a better fate than to just molder in their present condition. This
marks the sixth short story that has been revived and hopefully improved.
Results to date based strictly on hits, since reviews seem to be going the way
of the dinosaur, indicate that today's readers are accepting this approach
rather enthusiastically. I would hope that those reading this one will forgive
the excesses and over the top nature of the opening chapter, for this is now
definitely a different breed of cat.


					  Chapter 2



	It had been nearly two years since thirteen-year-old golfer Micky Wilson
had abruptly withdrawn from a men's tournament that would have likely made her
into a super star. There were many reasons hinted at for this decision on the
part of her father, but nothing of substance ever materialized despite the
efforts of a number of investigative sports reporters who dogged her steps for
almost six months afterwards. In this age of instant gratification with younger
and younger sports prodigies, the product of improved coaching, better diets,
dominating parents and the insatiable need of the media for newer and more
improved players in all sports, Mickey Wilson soon became nothing more than a
sports trivia question.

	A great deal had happened to the youngster since that fateful evening
when the men's golfing establishment had displayed its darker side. Physically
she had put on nearly twenty pounds, most of it turning many flat areas of her
body into gently curving regions that enhanced her attractiveness to members of
both sexes, but did not contribute much to her ability to drive a golf ball or
upgrade her short game.

	The physical relationship between Micky and her father became even more
intense now that he could devote more of his time into turning his daughter into
the perfect fuck buddy. He exchanged her private teacher for home schooling,
becoming her teacher. Her curriculum was heavily biased towards such skills as
perfecting her blowjob technique, which her father claimed was woefully
inadequate when compared to what porn stars and the like provided to their male
partners. This opinion was based on his extensive porn collection which became a
teaching tool for his daughter to employ in much of her studies.

	The teen spent hours on her knees, naked except for a pair of bikini
panties that hung from her jutting hipbones, her hands tied tightly behind her
back to force her to learn how to use only her mouth, lips and tongue to harden
and then get him off. She would dutifully capture every last drop of his hot cum
in her mouth so she could swish it around and even gargle with it before
swallowing and begging for more. That behavior never failed to get her father
interested in giving her another lesson. There were days when it seemed her head
never stopped bobbing up and down on his thick cock as she lovingly coated the
bulbous head with her saliva before polishing it to glisteing perfection with
her long warm tongue.

	Jake Wilson was convinced that the deal he had made with the golfing
establishment was one of the best things he'd ever done. Not only did it provide
him a good income since he was guaranteed to cash at every tournament, it
allowed him the luxury of staying in one place and enjoying the company of his
daughter, who as time went by, became much more than just a tall, stick figure
of a girl.

	Another change in their relationship had to do with coporal punishment.
While she was the darling of the golf establishment he treated her with
deference since she was his chief source of income. He did nothing to harm her
ability in even the slightest way, for fear that it would begin to erode her
self confidence. For all her great talent, Micky was more than a little
insecure, almost fragile was the way Jake described her to his closest friends
and confidants. Now things changed; Micky was no longer the bread winner in the
family, she was just his lowly student who must be punished for less than
perfect grades in any course material that he chose to teach her.

	Typically Micky received hard spankings, perhaps thirty or forty of the
best Jake could provide as she laid across his lap, her panties down so she
could absorb the full force of his efforts. With time the flat bottom that he
turned a deep shade of dark chocolate became rounded and developed some heft.
His spanks had a different sound as they contacted her firm flesh, echoing
throughout the room as he worked to instill discipline into his daughter.

	For more serious offenses she would stand by the overstuffed chair in
the study, bent at the waist, her palms sinking into the chair's arm, supporting
herself as Jake gave her bare bottom a good going over with a thick wooden
paddle designed for exactly the purpose it was used. Micky took this punishment
in small doses, perhaps six at a time, then a rest so his arm could recover its
strength and the pain could be fully absorbed and savored by his naked daughter.
There were times when she took upwards of thirty swats, each delivered with as
much force as Jake could develop.

	Often after one of these lengthy sessions he would become so excited
that he'd march his tall, now more shapely, daughter into the bedroom for a
vigorous bout of sex, enjoying the sight of her swaying hips and swollen
buttocks as they twitched and jounced from side to side with every step she
took.

	On very special occasions when she had committed some offense that he
considered unpardonable, such as being totally unprepared for a lesson or being
less than enthusiastic or responsive when they were in the bedroom, she would
receive the cane. Micky dreaded that length of rattan that made a horrible
whistling sound as it sped towards her unprotected buttocks, or worse still, her
budding breasts, which were developing rapidly these days.

	Only in the rarest of cases did the number of strokes ever exceed three.
Three was usually sufficient to reduce her to a mass of quivering pain-saturated
girl. As painful as this treatment was, it never left any permanent evidence on
her dusky skin. Jake was always thinking ahead to the day when his daughter
would once more join the tour and make him even more powerful as well as rich.

	A few months after Micky's fourteenth birthday, celebrated in bed with
her loving father who managed to do her in every hole twice, someone new
appeared on the horizon. Her name was Janice Redding. She was an interior
decorator who owned her own business and her clients were decidedly upscale.
Janice was in her late thirties, lithe as a jungle animal, bi-sexual and white.
She also dabbled in some of the kinkier aspects of the social circle to which
she belonged.

	Jake hadn't been seriously attracted to any one woman since his wife of
fifteen years walked out on him one weekend, taking nothing but some clothing.
The note she left behind devastated him; she was leaving him for another man,
one whom she had been seeing for some time. He never saw her again, losing track
of her whereabouts once their divorce became final. From that point on he
concentrated his life on developing their daughter Micky into the prodigy she
became.

	The first time that Jake brought Janice Redding to see his apartment,
ostensibly to get her opinions on how to improve certain aspects of his place,
things went less than well when she was introduced to Micky. The girl had
already begun to realize that this woman was occupying more and more of her
father's time and attention. Lacking in self confidence as well as self esteem,
she reacted as if this person was her personal enemy and worse still, a
formidible competitor for her father's attentions. Janice took the teen's sullen
attitude in stride, knowing that she had made a substantial inroad into Jake's
life and affections and it was ony a matter of time before he would totally
succumb to her charm and feminine wiles.

	Despite her outward show of defiance towards Janice, the woman was most
taken with this extremely tall, graceful child-woman who in her own way was
trying to defend her territory from an intruder. In fact this meeting made her
even more eager to become Jake's wife and helpmate, especially when it came to
his young daughter. Janice recognized her for what she was, a perfect piece of
marble or a canvas that could be formed into a living work of art. This perfect
foil for her needs intoxicated the dominant lesbian side of her personality.

	Jake was infuriated by his daughter's behavior and once Janice had taken
her leave he ordered Micky to stip to the skin and lean over against the
overstuffed chair and not budge until he told her she could. This was one of
those rare cases when he used the cane and on this occasion he exceeded the
three stroke limit before he had to rest. He rested four times before he was
finished shredding her firm bottom. The welts he created that afternoon took
nearly two months to completely heal.

	The next time Janice paid him a visit he ordered Micky to strip to the
skin and show her the welts he had put on her buttocks. This was a total
humiliating experience for the girl and it brought back those repressed memories
of what she had experienced that long night at the golf club as she was raped
nearly continuously, only getting brief respites when they beat or harmed her in
other ways. The woman could not resist running her hands across the ridges
formed by those deep welts, occasionally stopping to probe a particular
indentation with one of her manicured fingernails, bringing a gasp of pain from
the teenager.

	Micky shivered as Janice ran her fingernails closer and closer to her
plump cunt lips that were so fetchingly displayed in this most vulnerable
postion. She hissed and trembled when Janice traced the outline of her vulva
with a deliberateness that demonstrated she was fully in control of the
situation. She almost lost control of her bladder when she heard Janice's voice.
"So this is where my Jake has been spending his energies before we met. Soon
there will be no need for your services in that respect. In fact there may not
be any need for you at all. That is something he and I will have to determine."
Micky could not believe her ears. What was to become of her? 


				(To be continued)




				Missing the Cut


				   Chapter 3


	Janice Redding had deliberately planted the seeds of uncertainty into
the teenager and she rather quickly reaped the benefits from the girl's
insecurity. Micky's attitude toward her became much more deferential, and Janice
made the most of it. A few weeks after seeing the girl's naked and welted body,
Janice decided to make the first of a series of moves that would result in
Micky's total capitulation to her plans for both the girl and her father.

	Jake was delighted when Janice announced that she was going to take his
daughter with her on a shopping expedition. Micky was surprised and excited by
this opportunity to share something with this mysterious and very influential
white woman who seemed destined to become her father's second wife. A couple of
days later Janice picked up the girl and the pair spent the day browsing the
various exclusive shops that catered to the rich and powerful. As is the custom
of the female sex, shopping does not necessarily mean buying; it is more like a
bonding ritual when they choose to shop in pairs or even an occasional trio.
However in the case of this pair, there were a number of rituals that were being
played out simultaneously.

	Towards the end of this perfectly marvelous day, as far as Micky was
concerned, Janice suggested that they visit a little out-of- the- way lingerie
boutique that she frequently patronized. The tall teenager was absolutely
thrilled at the prospect. Like all budding beauties, she was fascinated by the
delicate undergarments that seemed to possess properties that not only empowered
the female, but also acted as a hidden signpost to eligible males that the
wearer was someone worth their attention.

	It was nearly closing time when they entered the small shop located some
distance from the high end establishments that they had visited for most of the
day. There was only one person visible, a statuesque brunette wearing a tailored
suit and impeccably groomed. Her face lit up when she recognized Janice, and she
hurried toward the pair with a smile of welcome. Janice shook her hand and
introduced Micky to Ms. Thalia, the main assistant to the owner of the shop.
Micky was a bit concerned about having enough time to try on some of the
gorgeous creations she saw hanging from numerous racks and sported by the
quartet of mannequins that stood like sentinels guarding the shop from 
interlopers. As if reading her mind, Ms. Thalia declared that as far as closing
time was concerned, it would be when they had seen all that they wished to see,
and hopefully selected a few pieces to take with them. To emphasize her
statement she went to the entrance and locked the door, putting in place the
sign announcing that they were closed for business.

	"Where is Veronica?" asked Janice.

	"She's with one of her special customers, doing a private fitting, and
should be with us in a short time, unless there are problems with the fitting."
replied Ms. Thalia.

	Janice coughed politely and tried to hide the smile that broke over her
features. Thalia was not as successful at concealing her own appreciation of the
coded message that she had just delivered. Micky was too young and lacked the
sophistication to sense that her comment contained a hidden meaning.  Janice
then proceeded to select a number of undergarments for Micky and herself to try
on. Ms. Thalia offered to assist the teen in any way that she deemed necessary.
The girl blushed and said that she would be able to handle things without any
help. This caused another exchange of smiles between the two women.

	Micky stepped into a very large changing booth with mirrors on every
wall. It was surprisingly well insulated, the girl was unable to hear anything
that might be taking place outside. She quickly disrobed and stripped off the
rather functional underwear from her shapely body. Unbeknownst she was being
observed through a one-way mirror  by a plumpish redhead and her companion, a
thin,almost angular woman with gray hair. The redhead, the afore mentioned
Veronica, was kneeling and licking the immaculately waxed pubes of her customer
who wore only a thin, lacy chemise that did nothing to hide her bony chest and
pancake shaped breasts. The gray haired woman licked her lips at the sight of
Micky's naked body and softly moaned in response to the touch of her companion's
tongue on her dripping slit.

	"I do so want to be introduced to this young animal at a later time.
This one excites me to no end, and she's so young. God, there is so much I'm
sure she could learn from a few visits to my home." Veronica stopped her
tonguing and looked up at her client. "I fear there will not be such an
opportunity for some time. This one is with Janice Redding and the word is that
she will soon become Janice's step-daughter. I am told that a number of years
ago this girl was rather well known in the sports world, I believe she was a
golfer."

	The older woman sighed and pulled the redhead's face towards her crotch
and urged her to continue her "fitting". "I know I would love to play eighteen
holes with her on a course of my choice." she added as the boutique owner
resumed licking her privates. Meanwhile she continued to stare hungrily at the
dusky teen as she slipped her firm breasts into the lacy cups of a  bra that
molded itself to those beauties like a second skin. When Micky picked at a piece
of fluff captured within her cunt lips the older woman grunted and thrust her
pubes violently against the redhead's face, pounding away as she fantasized
about having the gorgeous teeneager tied down to her bed wth a large dildo in
her cunt while she held a pocket rocket vibrator against the girl's clit,
watching the sepia-skinned teen squeezing off orgasm after orgasm.

	For the next twenty minutes an oblivious Micky Wilson provided the type
of show that drove both women into a frenzy of activity. For a time they sat
side by side furiously masturbating as the teen continued to encase her plump
pussy and perfectly shaped breasts in and out of various delicately woven
constraints. When she began rubbing herself  through the sheer crotch of a pair
of bikinis that outlined her fat cunt lips and sodden slit that lay between,
Veronica began frenching her companion while the older woman insinuated a number
of fingers into the owner's dripping cunt and began to feast on the fluids that
coated them. For one insane moment they dared to think of going round and
breaking into the booth containing this senuous siren that had teased them to
the brink of madness, in order to dine on her body and drain her dry of whatever
essence she was using to inflame them.

	In another portion of the boutique Janice and Ms. Thalia were amusing
themselves by trying on various lingerie that the decorator planned to debut on
her honeymoon. After a time they forgot about the lacy, sheer garments that so
fetchingly displayed each other's best features, and began to concentrate on
those features with lips, fingers and tongues. This in turn led them to consider
including Micky in their celebration of flesh. Their decision made,  they
approached the changing booth where the girl was providing a show that the owner
and her client would not soon forget. Poor Micky was so busy modeling these
intoxicating garments that she was oblivious to the sound of the lock being
opened by Ms. Thalia's key.

	She turned to face the two half-naked women, one wearing only a sheer
bra with her nipples poking from the strategic openings that had been carefully
stitched into the garment, the other clad in a frilly garter belt that framed
her smooth shaven cunt and matching hose. "Come outside and play with us my
dear." Janice said to the girl, crooking her finger in a sign of invitation. The
dusky skinned girl blushed and attempted to cover her scantily clad body in an
automatic reaction that the two women found charming. Ms. Thalia, who was almost
as tall as Micky and somewhat more voluptuous, came forward and before she could
stop her, cupped Mickey's breasts in her palms and pressed her lips to the
girl's partially open mouth. Micky stood stock still unable to decide how to
respond to this delicious, enticing assault on her person by this beautiful
woman who was able to look at her, eye to eye, a rare quality that
subconsciously made Micky respond positively to her overture.

	All this had also been witnessed by the two women behind the mirror.
They immediately decided to join the party, realizing that this might be the
only opportunity they would have to get their hands on this teen teaser for some
time to come. Their arrival caused a bit of consternation, especially on the
part of the girl. The sight of two stark naked women who obviously had been
engaged in things normally done in the privacy of the boudoir put a significant
crimp in Micky's attitude toward what was transpiring. However when Janice
stepped forward and kissed the redhead hungrily and brought her over to meet the
startled girl, it was a moment of truth. The teen's head was awhirl with
conflicting signals. All this female flesh, the sexy lingerie and the ambience
that was being created were powerful incentives for her to join in this rite of
passage into another world that she knew of, but not about.

	 When Veronica, the owner, stepped forward and embraced the girl, her
hands pressing against her rounded cheeks so she was able to grind her naked
cunt against the sheer panties that did nothing to conceal Micky's plump pussy,
the girl was lost in the aroma that rose from her fleshy body. The odor of sweat
and cunt juices, hers as well as her older companion's, combined with the subtle
perfume she wore to throw a net of enchantment over the young girl. When she
kissed her, that knowing tongue worming its way into the teen's mouth, the
struggle was ended. Micky joined this modern day coven and let them do with her
what they wished.

	The sparks flew when Mrs. Katherine Cabot-Watson settled her
immaculately groomed pubic mound onto Micky's face as she lay on a low bench
that had been wisked from its hiding place and put to the use for which it was
intended. At  the time Janice and Ms. Thalia were taking turns bringing the teen
to the brink of her first orgasm, and then denying her this pleasure to suit
their own purposes. Veronica had gone off to retrieve a surprise for their
youthful guest.

	Once the girl's tongue touched the gray-haired woman's dripping slit,
some type of subliminal message was transmitted between the pair. Katherine
proceeded to shamelessly grind her cunt up and down the length of Micky's face.
The girl in turn started kissing and nibbling the wet flesh that was so
enchantingly presented for her attention. To the astonishment of all, the rather
circumspect society leader and arbiter of taste had an enormous orgasm that
flooded the girl's face, coating her dusky skin with a layer of clear fluid.
Janice and Thalia wasted little time licking this badge of passion from her face
as the society doyen recuperated from this rare experience. Little did Micky
Wilson realize that she had made a very powerful connection that would serve her
well in the years to come. Her life had just changed in the blink of an eye.

	Once fully recovered, Mrs. Cabot-Watson took her leave, but not before
informing Janice Redding that she wished to see much more of her soon to be
step-daughter. Janice smiled and nodded; this little excursion had paid
dividends well beyond her most optimistic expectations. There was more that the
girl was to experience this lengthy afternoon that ultimately extended well into
the early evening.

	It began when Veronica appeared wearing a strap-on dildo and put it to
good use, skewering the teen's moist tunnel, bringing a groan of pleasure from
her as she felt the hard rubber penetrating her yielding flesh. While the
redhead brought the girl closer and closer to release, Janice settled her cunt
onto Micky's face and shifted herself until the teen's nose was buried between
her swollen cunt lips. "Lick me and don't stop until I come." Janice said in a
low voice as she enjoyed the sensations poduced by the girl's tongue and lips.
Meanwhile Veronica stirred up the girl's juices until she began to pant, a
signal that her orgasm was now at the point of no return. When Micky climaxed
she bit down mindlessly on the moist flesh of Janice's cunt. That was all the
woman needed to push her over the brink and together they blasted off like a
pair of rockets being launched towards another world. For the second time today,
Micky was forming a permanent bond that would have an incredible influence on
her life.


				          (To be continued)  




				Missing the Cut


				   Chapter 4


	It was an exhilarated and completely exhausted teenager who returned to
her father's apartment. Jake Wilson was a man of the world and he immediately
sensed that the shopping trip had been more than advertised. He smiled to
himself as his daughter carried on about the marvelous time she had with Janice
and the wonderful things that Janice had bought for her. Janice smiled to
herself when she heard that. Those "things" were some of the best items in the
boutique and had been the personal gift of its owner and operator, Veronica, for
services rendered.

	Janice easily enticed him to join her for dinner, and gave Micky a
knowing smile as she added that the girl probably would want to get to bed a
little early after her big day. Once she was sure that they had gone, Micky
stripped off her clothing and posed naked before the full length mirror in her
room, assuming a number of provocative stances that emphasized her budding
breasts and that angry gash between her legs that had been used so wantonly by
any number of marvelous women that day. She could not resist putting on the lacy
chemise that was so sheer that her nipples could be plainly seen, and the
contrasting bikini panties that cupped her plump mound as they molded to her
sepia skin. The girl shut her eyes and tried to relive all the excitement and
delicious new experiences that she had been privy to that glorious afternoon.

	Micky resisted the idea of a shower to refresh herself. She could not
bear to wash away the scents, aromas and even the smells associated with her
adventures with the women. The girl peeled the panties down and sniffed them,
inhaling her musky scent. It was the smell of a wanton, one who had cavorted and
pranced like some bacchante in the orgy that had taken place behind the closed
doors of the shop. Micky reveled in her new freedom, the delicious feeling of
doing the bidding of others who were superior, and soon would become her
mentors.

	Despite her excitement, the activities of the day caught up with her and
soon she was fast asleep. Hours later she was gently roused from her dreams. A
hand, a strong masculine hand, was rubbing  her crotch insistently, and a deep
voice was urging her to wake up. It took a few moments for her to realize that
her father had returned from his outing with Janice and was now interested in
her body. Ever the well trained and dutiful daughter she spread her legs to give
Jake easy access to her cunt, and he took full advantage of her offering. What
happened next was not typical of their couplings.

	She prepared for his strong hands prying her thighs apart and then the
head of his stiff cock bumping against her pubic mound until it settled into
proper position so that he could penetrate her. Instead she felt his warm breath
on her pussy, then his flickering tongue moving gently across her lips, going
back and forth, all the while moving up towards her hooded clit. Still partially
asleep and luxuriating in this unexpected treat, Micky began imagining that this
was one of those marvelous creatures coming to pay homage to her youthful charms
once more.

	Once her father's tongue arrived at her clit, he switched from gentle to
more aggressive, his tongue poking at the little nubbin, then his lips closing
over that fleshy bump so it could be sucked into new growth, allowing his teeth
to begin nibbling on it. This was a sensation unlike any she had experienced to
date. It was not gentle or teasing, the way those delightful women addressed it
earlier. This was more demanding and in a sense threatening. She knew she was at
his mercy, so very vulnerable in this position. It made her uncomfortable for a
time, but as the seconds turned into minutes his investigation of her sexual
nerve center remained nothing more than exploratory.

	She began to relax and enjoy his attentions,confident that he could be
trusted not to harm her in  any way. The more she relaxed the better things
became. Then to her amazement and perhaps his as well, she felt this strange
surge emanating from exactly where he was kissing and nibbling. The first orgasm
that she had ever experienced with Jake now rippled thrugh her body and she
loved every second of it. I seemed to surprise her father as much as it did her.
He stopped his probing of her clit as she shook and trembled from the feelings
he had invoked in her. They remained together but not merged in the sense that
lovers might be.

	Minutes later she and her father were locked together, his cock buried
deep within her juicing cunt as it moved at a goodly pace in and out of her
tight but yielding tunnel. She could make out his silhouette as he picked up the
pace of his efforts, striving for his release. He was breathing heavily, a
normal condition whenever he used her, and she could feel the muscles in his
arms flexing as they supported his body while his thick cock punched in and out
of her. Then he gave that little grunt that quickly turned into a long drawn out
moan signaling that his climax was upon him. She held him tightly until she felt
his muscles relax.

	Again he surprised Micky by remaining awake and even speaking to her,
something that was quite out of the ordinary.Usually he'd either return to his
bed or if he had her in his, he'd roll over and be asleep in less than a minute.
Then she would have to get up, make sure she hadn't left a wet spot , go and
douche, then return to her own bed. This was the routine until tonight. He
confessed that Janice was behind this sudden change in his way of  dealing with
his daughter as a sex partner. That he would reveal this to her was amazing,
almost unbelievable. She owed Janice more than she realized. There was more to
come.

	 Jake told his daughter that he had agreed to let Micky work in the
boutique for the next week while he and Janice made arrangements for their
upcoming wedding. Then he put the frosting on the cake, informing his stunned
daughter that she would be their guest during their honeymoon to be held in an
exclusive resort known only to a special few. Micky thought she was having
hallucinations; this could not be happening. What else could she possibly wish
for than to become part of their union.

	 After Jake left her bed, kissing her on her brow, something he once did
when she was a young girl, she stayed awake for hours dreaming about what this
new life with Janice would bring. Little did she realize that there was always a
flip side to things and those that sounded too good to be true usually proved to
be false.

	There certainly were some advantages to home schooling. It was very
doubtful if Micky could have pulled off this little excursion if she were
enrolled in a regular school. Janice dropped her off at the boutique on  her way
to work and so the great adventure began. Ms Thalia let her in and greeted the
girl with a warm kiss on the lips ,her tongue probing and then entering past
Micky's parted lips. The girl could already feel the wetness starting in her
pussy as the tongue wormed its way around inside her mouth, reacquainting itself
with the girl. When they broke for air the statuesque brunette informed her that
Veronica would not be arriving for another two hours, but had left them plenty
of work to get ready for the first wave of customers.

	Micky followed Ms Thalia around the store and picked up her duties
rather quickly. She would be making sure that the displays were neat and
attractive, the racks of exotic lingerie and designer clothing were filled with
the correct inventory and the place in general was clean and fresh. Then the
brunette gave her a small smile and told her about the rest of her assignment, 
which involved interacting with the customers in the fitting rooms. Having
already experienced what that might entail, Micky was taken aback by this task,
but she was assured that there would be no pressure brought to  bear on her by
the ladies she served.

	Finally Micky was asked to remove her clothing so that Ms Thalia could
put her makeup on and dress her in something more appropriate for her duties.
Although the girl had been with the lovely brunette during that delightful first
session at the boutique, she was bit hesitant about disrobing. However after
another more forceful kiss from her fellow employee, Micky's resistance melted
away and she allowed herself to be lovingly undressed and caressed until she
stood before her companion in nothing but her heels.

	She allowed herself to be led to a low bench, the very one that had been
used during that delightful exchange of loving lips and tongues that had
previously brought her to fever pitch. Ms Thalia settled herself on the bench
and leaned forward, her tongue flickering out like that of a snake to gently
probe the girl's labia, and then move a little deeper to sample her juices that
had begun to flow. Micky stood there almost in a trance and let the woman begin
to decorate her cunt lips with lipstick, taking great care to make sure that
nothing was smeared. Then she blew her warm breath across Micky's carmined labia
making the girl feel as if she was about to swoon.

	She stood and began to apply rouge to Micky's nipples that grew stiff as
glass from the sensations she was feeling as the cosmetic was worked into every
pore by those strong, sure hands. She leaned forward and gave the girl a warm
kiss, her togue briefly parting Micky's lips then retreating. "Now for the lips,
those fleshy impish lips that promise so much." Ms Thalia seemed to breathe
rather than speak the words and the girl felt the wetness beginning to build in
her cunt. It took a major effort of her will to stand still and allow this
statuesque beauty to paint each lip with care, licking her own lips almost as if
she was anticipating kissing the girl once she had accomplished her task. Things
were beginning to heat up dramatically and Micky had already decided that she
would surrender herself without a struggle to anything that this gorgeous
creature had planned for her.

	The teen was rather surprised that Ms Thalia went no further in her
overtures. After finishing her lips and making up her eyes she selected a pair
of  full cut satin panties in taupe and had the girl step into them. The feel of
the material made her flesh pebble as her companion checked them for fit and
then moved back to make sure that they created the type of effect she was hoping
to create. A smile broke her features and she nodded towards the girl. She
allowed Micky to see herself in the full length mirror and the girl was awed by
what she saw. She could have passed for one of those figures from Egyptian
history thanks to the makeup. The panties on first glance seemed rather
pedestrian but when she took a few steps the effect was altogether different as
the clinging material molded itself to her flesh. "You are a young goddess. They
will worship you." The words from Ms Thalia made her dizzy with happiness.

	The matching bejeweled bra was a marvel of erotic construction. The
girl's budding breasts were uplifted and supported by a type of shelf design
that cupped them like two plump doves, presenting the tops and hinting at the
stiff nipples that nearly, but not quite peeked from the folds of this fabulous
garment. "The madame selected this personally before shutting the boutique last
evening. She said she wanted to do it while her blood was still heated. I think
she has chosen wisely." Micky Wilson was utterly speechless as she took in the
full effect of this garment.

	Her ensemble was augmented by a pair of sheer white harem pants and
taupe ballet slippers. Then the piece de resistance, a matching set of silvery
metallic wristlets and anklets, each with an eyelet to which a link of chain
could be attached if desired. When Ms Thalia whispered to the girl that within
each dressing booth there were a set of links available that could be employed
provided the customer and Micky were in agreement, the girl was at first taken
aback at what this implied and then strangely excited that such a prospect was
being made available to her.

	Nearly an hour later Ms Thalia raised the shades and opened the front
door of the boutique. It was quite evident that news of last evening's event or
coming out party, had spread far and wide across that special interest network.
Standing there in their designer outfits and accompanied by what looked to be
lackeys stood two distinguished looking women of indeterminate age. "Welcome
ladies, I hope we have some things within our little out of the way shop that
might prove suitable for your tastes. My assistant. Miss Micky, as well as
myself are at your disposal." The girl shivered and at the same time glowed as
the two clients focused their glittering eyes on her exotically costumed body.
It would prove to be a most interesting and quite broadening day for the tall,
tawny teen.


				 ( To be continued )




				Missing the Cut


				   Chapter 5


	The first two clients wandered about the boutique in typical shopping
fashion, making tentative selections based on a few touches or holding a garment
up against their bodies and taking a quick peek into one of the full length
mirrors that lined the shop. These too were part of Micky's responsibility and
she trailed the ladies as they made their way from one area to another, making
sure that the mirrors retained their pristine appearance. Her activities were
noticed by the clients who began to play little games with her, deliberately
leaving a small trace of their presence behind on the polished glass surfaces
before which they stood and preened.

	The little game abruptly ended when the pair disappeared into adjoining
booths. All the while this little dance had been going on, Ms Thalia watched
with a small smile on her perfectly groomed features, knowing full well that the
ladies were merely leaving a trail of breadcrumbs in their wake to entice their
prey into their trap. It only took a few minutes for the red light to begin
blinking over one of the dressing booths, signaling that some assistance was
needed. She watched as Micky hurried to the summons. That particular dressing
room had a passageway to the one next door, a fact well known to a few of their
special clients who enjoyed shopping in pairs.

	Mrs Worthington-Wentworth was a mover and shaker in high society,
serving on or chairing many committees dedicated to enhancing the arts and
providing opportunities for those less fortunate who deserved a chance to
improve their lot in life. A number of college scholarships bore her name thanks
to her husband's generosity. They in turn reaped a rich harvest of young women 
who gladly exchanged their bodies for this marvelous chance to rise into a
better world in the future. Thanks to the miracles of modern science and
cosmetic surgery this sixty-something charity doyen could easily pass for a
woman in her mid forties.

	She also held an annual charity golf tournament that brought together
some of the best women players in the world who performed for much less than
their usual appearance fees. As one of the ladies once delicately put it, the
"fringe benefits" more than outweighed any monetary gain that they could obtain
by playing in this little clambake. So it was not too surprising that Mrs
Worthington-Wentworth knew that this gorgeous young creature clad in a most
fetching costume once was on the verge of ruling women's golf at the tender age
of thirteen. Thus there was more than one reason for her intense personal
interest in this statuesque teenager who made her rejuvenated vagina become wet,
very, very wet.

	Micky entered the booth and was struck speechless. There standing in
nothing but her bra with a welcoming smile on her face was one of the two women
who had entered the boutique as soon as it opened for business. In one hand she
held a pair of aqua bikinis, in the other a matching baby doll. "Well, it's
about time you showed your pretty face. Now I want you to take off those
ridiculous things and get into these so I can truly appreciate that shapely body
of yours. Be quick about it or I shall report you to Veronica when she arrives."

	Poor Micky just stood there frozen, unable to deal with what was
happening. This was not something that Ms Thalia had prepared her for at all.
Then to make matters even worse the other woman stepped through a portion of the
false front partition separating the booths. She wore a white utilitarian girdle
and matching bra that strained to contain her large and obviously sagging
breasts. "Do you need a hand Grace? Is this girl being impertinent or just
naughty?" The half naked  woman laughed and replied, "Perhaps I might might need
some help with this one after all. She is rather tall and seems to be not only
impertinent but downright disobedient. I asked her to get out of those silly
garments and put these on so I could truly enjoy the sight of her delightful
body, and all she does is stare at me as if I'm some old hag trying to seduce
her."

	In less time than it takes to tell, the girl found herself stark naked
and cowering before this girdled fury who had just torn her beautiful garments
to shreds as she ripped them from her body as if they were rags.  Micky made no
attempt to resist when Grace held the two garments out to her. She stepped into
the snug fitting bikinis that molded her flesh as if they were a second skin. To
her surprise the baby doll fit her perfectly, ending just inches below her
unfettered breasts.

	The two women smiled at each other and then Grace rang for Ms Thalia,
who appeared almost instantly. "I'd like these in the usual size." Mrs.
Worthington-Wentworth said as if Micky wasn't standing beside her in the
identical garments. "I trust they will look as enticing on my dear Chelsea as
they do on this young lady."

	As soon as Ms Thalia left, the half naked woman turned to the startled
teenager and said, "By the way I do believe you are Micky Wilson, the golfer,
are you not?  It's such a shame you decided to retire at such a young age. I do
wish you would reconsider. I could be most helpful to your cause. Think about
what I've said and say hello to Janice and make sure you tell her that Grace
said hello." Now the young girl was in an absolute quandry; who was this
mysterious client who seemed to have such power at her fingertips and even knew
who she was?"

	Her reveries was rudely interrupted as the woman in the girdle, whose
name turned out to be Tanja, took her by the ear and dragged her into the
adjoining booth, informing Grace that she would be a while and not to wait for
her. Her companion responded with a laugh that had more menace than glee to it.
Once Tanja had the girl inside her booth she quickly brought the narrow link of
chains into use and before Micky realized what was happening her wrists were
held behind her back. "That should keep you under control, but if you make any
further attempts to escape or cause a scene, I will be forced to not only use
the other set of chains to hobble you, but you will discover just how
unpalatable my panties are once they are secured within your mouth." Micky
shivered as she realized she was in some kind of trouble and could not depend on
the good offices of Ms Thalia, and perhaps not even Madame Veronica, to
extricate her from the mess she was in at present.

	Tanja ordered Micky to be seated on the narrow low bench that occupied
the dressing booth, legs straddling it. Then she removed her bra, freeing her
pendulous breasts which drooped like two long gourds from her chest. Micky tried
to look away as Tanja squirmed her well upholstered lower body from the confines
of her girdle, grunting and even mouthing a curse or two as she finally freed
herself from its elastic grip. Beneath that foundation garment she wore a pair
of sheer low cut panties that were soaked through at the crotch. Micky was
afraid to even think what had caused this stain.

	When Tanja moved over so that Micky's face was staring into her pantied
pubic mound, the girl knew what was expected of her and shuddered at the
prospect that lay before her. Her worst fears were confirmed when Tanja peeled
the panties down to reveal a thick mass of springy, salt and pepper pubic hair
that ran wild, creating an unruly trail of hair that ran up to her navel, while
other tufts occupied portions of her inner thighs. An overpowering scent of musk
filled the small room, much more than would be expected from a natural source.

	 "Quite a change from what Grace presents, isn't it? That poor woman
undergoes the agony of electrolysis treatments that she gets every month in
order to keep her muff looking like it belongs to a toddler. That's a high price
to pay for vanity as far as I'm concerned. But Grace is a dear and loyal friend
and I cannot disparage anything that she enjoys, even if it does smack of a
streak of masochism that I find decidedly unhealthy."

	By now Micky was beginning to sink into a trance. All that existed was
that forest of hair, a veritable jungle of thick springy strands that had been
growing unchallenged for many years. Without thinking, the girl licked her lips
from nervousness. Her gesture did not go unnoticed. "I'm happy to see that my
muff seems enticing to you. We should both have a very enjoyable experience over
whatever amount of time it takes for that deft tongue of yours to get me hot and
juicy enough to drown you in pussy juice when you bring me off. Now get busy and
just remember that I am quite capable of boxing your ears good and proper for a
less than enthusiastic performance." Tanja's words caused Micky to almost break
into tears, but part of her knew that would be a fruitless gesture and might
bring down the wrath of this wild woman on her.

	Micky approached her task with caution, fearful of creating a situation
that would result in some type of physical reaction from Tanja. Suddenly before
she could map out her strategy, her head was thrust firmly into the woman's
crotch and for a few brief moments Micky became panic-stricken. Tanja must have
recognized the teen's reaction and to Micky's amazement she began stroking her
hair and crooning to her, trying to get the girl to relax and realize that
perhaps this wasn't going to be as bad as she expected.

	Micky went on automatic pilot in a sense, following her instincts and
the feedback she got from Tanja. Within a matter of minutes she had lost all
fear of the woman and what she was doing. The more she realized how much Tanja
was enjoying her efforts, the harder she tried to make it even better for her.
When Tanja began to moan and tremble as the first hints of an impending orgasm
made their appearance, Mickey locked on to her target and for the first time she
took over the relationship. She would call the tune and Tanja would dance.

	It was one of those amazing moments when you suddenly understand
something so completely that you are elevated into another dimension. What took
place for the remainder of the time that it took to bring Tanja to that special
place, feel some of the joy that she was experiencing and then accompany her
back to the world, having shared somewhat in this almost mystical experience is
not easily amenable to being described with words. Suffice to say, that morning
Micky and Tanja formed a bond that would serve the girl well over the years to
come.

	It was a very different Micky Wilson who exited that dressing booth some
time after Tanja had taken her leave of the boutique. Ms Tahlia was so
overwhelmed by the clientele roaming the shop, in actuality all waiting for a
glimpse of Micky, that she nearly lost her composure when Micky stepped from
behind the velvet cloth that hung there as a sign that the occupant must not be
disturbed under any circumstances. Micky was still clad in that filmy set of
undergarments that left absolutely nothing to the imagination. The sight of the
teen in this outfit caused a collective gasp to come from the assembled group.
So it came to be that the jaded upper crust of the city paid homage to this
young goddess who up until this moment had no idea of her powers or how to use
them.

	The rest of the day was one big whirl of colors, scents, muted voices,
caressing hands and gentle kisses mostly on her brow, a few of the bolder ones
daring to brush their lips to hers. When Madame Veronica arrived and was
informed by her assistant what had occurred earlier she was initially horrified.
Once she saw Micky, how she carried herself and the way these powerful and
wealthy woman fawned over her, it became apparent that this child was a
phenomenon of nature, come to visit her little shop and grace it with her
presence for only a brief time. It happened that her brief visit was enough to
establish this out of the way boutique as the in-place, where for the next
decade, the elite of the city went for that special garment or bauble. In turn
this left Madame Veronica a wealthy woman able to retire to the Costa del Sol.


				( To be continued)




				Missing the Cut


				   Chapter 6


	The wedding of Jake Wilson and Janice Redding was not a splashy affair.
It was attended by a small group of close friends of either the bride or groom
and took place in a very tastefully appointed setting that doubled as the site
of their wedding reception afterwards. The thing that separated it from the
ordinary was the collection of gifts and their senders. It represented a who's
who of the movers and shakers that in many cases either controlled or
signficantly influenced decisions that resulted in significant shifts of wealth
and power from one organization or individual  to another. It would seem that
the couple had arrived when it came to their place in city society. In part this
was due to the effect that Jake's daughter had on such powerful people as Grace
Worthington-Wentworth, and her circle of infuential friends and acquaintances.

	As promised, Micky accompanied her father and his new bride on their
honeymoon. This was the culmination of a scheme developed by Janice Redding to
yield more than just a platonic relationship between the teenager and her. Ever
since Janice had laid eyes on the girl she had wanted to have her as a bed
partner. She was well aware of the incestuous relationship that flourished
between the two and assured her husband to be that it would not have any major
impact on their relationship. Had he fully understood what her statement
encompassed, things might have gone differently for the pair.

	Just before the trio left for the very private resort located in the
Caribbean where they would spend the next two weeks getting to know each other
better, Janice presented Micky with a token of her affection to be opened once
they arrived at their destination. The teen spent much of the trip wondering
what the tastefully wrapped box contained, but neither her father nor Janet
would reveal anything concerning this special gift. By the time they had checked
into the secluded and very well secured grouping of individual bungalows, each
with a breathtaking view of the sea and exquisitely furnished, they were
ravenous and decided to dress for dinner to celebrate the marriage and their
arrival at this wonderful hideaway.

	Although Micky was a bit young for wine, this was a very special
occasion and she was allowed to join the happy couple in a toast that became a
second glass of champagne. This coupled wih the long trip and a filling meal
made the teen sleepy, a condition that was duly noted by Janice who suggested
they tuck her in for the night. The bungalow they occupied had a separate
bedroom with an adjoining bath for Micky. Janice volunteered to assist the girl
in preparing for bed. Micky's shyness about her body had been much reduced by
her week at the boutique and so she was happy to let her new stepmother help her
out of her dress and even remove her bra exposing her pert breasts. All that
champagne made Micky an easy target and Janice began to take advantage of her
immediately, first with a few gentle caresses that were the prelude to a loving
kiss on the teen's throat, and then another trailing down to her firm breasts.
There Janice's lips captured first one and then the other nipple, sucking them
into rock hard points of stiff flesh.

	Then things got a bit hazy for Micky. Suddenly there were hands rolling
her brief panties down her loins and lips planting kisses over the exposed flesh
that rapidly became pebbled as those knowing, moist lips and wet tongue found
all her sweet and special spots. Micky gasped when that warm wet tongue moved up
and down her smooth slit, recently shaved smooth, a grooming hint from Ms Thalia
and one that she slavishly followed. Her gasp became a moan of delight and
surprise as that tongue snaked its way between her narrow pink lipped folds of
flesh and flickered over and around her budding clit which swelled in response
to the delicate stimulation the weaving, wet, warm, probing tongue was creating.
The teen's legs began to tremble from the sensations that were taking control of
her. She had some small experience with the gentle loving touch of women, but
this was very different in its intensity. It felt as if this one wanted to
swallow her whole, possess her very being with its insistent tantilizing touch
to those nerve endings that were so very, very responsive at this moment.

	The next thing Micky knew she was seated on her bed. She felt very light
headed and very wet from all the teasing she had just undergone. Micky heard the
sound of something being opened and then the rustling of paper. Again those
tantilizing lips were joined to her own and she opened her mouth in welcome and
was rewarded by that warm, wet tongue now exploring her mouth as those knowng
hands gently teased her nipples into erectness once more. "Stand up so I can put
your wedding dress on." She rose to her feet a bit unsteadily thinking as she
did that there was something wrong here. She wasn't getting married, or was she?

	Whatever the garment was, it was sheer and white. It was raised over her
head and then slipped down onto her shoulders. It was so light and airy; it made
her feel free and almost unclothed. It ended just at the juncture of her thighs,
she could feel the gentle tickling sensation of the sheer material as it
caressed her bare buttocks at that point where they arced inward, tucking
securely onto the twin columns of firm flesh that were her thighs. Again those
hands were pressing against her breasts, kneading them softly through the
embroidered fabric. "Come with me so that the groom and I may consumate our
marriage with you. We are to be a trinity, a mystical grouping that is known to
many faiths." The voice was familiar and yet different in a sense. For the first
time Micky felt completely secure in placing herself in Janice's hands.

	Micky could recall very little of her wedding night, if that is what it
was. She remembered kissing her father's stiff cock and licking his scrotum as
Janice's voice guided her actions. Watching the two of them couple, Janice on
top, her hair flying free as her naked body bounced in rhythm to Jake's thrusts,
was another memory she held on to. Then there was the smell of Janice's dripping
wet cunt as she lowered it onto Micky's face so that the girl could begin
suctioning her father's cum from his new wife's tight tunnel. She recalled the
sounds of laughter tinged with a patina of malice. Her memory gave her brief
glimpses of things that made little sense and sounds that had utterly no meaning
since they were not connected to an event or act, they merely came from sources
that were invisible to the teen. Micky might have dismissed the entire event as
the product of too much champagne except for two things: her cunt was puffy and
a bit sore, and then there was also the fact that a sleeping Janice's face was
buried between her breasts, breasts which were covered with love bites.

	The three of them were sprawled across the bed and from the brightness
of the sun dancing off the blue sea beneath their bungalow it was nearly midday.
Micky suddenly realized that her father was awake and smiling at her. She was in
a quandry as to how to deal with him. He quickly made her feel comfortable by
reaching out and stroking her bare flank, something that was not like him at
all. "You made Janice and I very happy last night. I'm sorry that perhaps the
champagne may have gotten in the way of your complete enjoyment of our weddding
night, but there will be others, many others beginning this evening. Today is a
day to rest and enjoy the sun. Tonight there will be no wine for you, be sure of
that. We both want you fully awake and aware of just how much we love you."

	His words stunned her to the core. What had happened to her moody
father, the one who never discussed his feelings or even considered her's?  She
recalled some conversations she had with a few of her peers. She remembered
being shocked at the fact that what went on between her and her father sounded
very much like the descriptions her friends gave her of their own parents'
relationships. It was as if she was an old married woman at the tender age of
fourteen. It used to depress her to think that there was nothing more to look
forward to when it came to being married. Romance was evidently something that
had a very brief life span and quickly died once the couple became one. How
utterly depressing this thought made her feel.

	Their talking had roused Janice and her greeting took Micky's breath
away and brought laughter from her father. Before the girl knew what was
happening, Janice's tongue was half way down her throat and one hand was
burrowing into her crotch ,searching for the entrance to her damp cunt. When she
pulled away in surprise, a frown crossed her new stepmother's face for a brief
moment. "Now you come back here and give me a big kiss and make me feel like you
mean it! If not I'll have Jake spank that cute ass of yours until it's black and
blue. That ought to make a fine sight when you're out by the pool in your new
thong bikini which I bought for you as another little token of my happiness to
have you as my daughter."

	Micky surrendered at that point and allowed Janice to rape her mouth
with her tongue all the while her hand was rummaging in the teen's crotch,
trying to turn the remaining sparks from last night into a raging fire. It was
Jake who finally called a halt to the wrestling match and suggested they all
have a shower to freshen themselves for the day that lay ahead. It turned out
that the shower stall was large enough for the three of them to fit into
comfortably. Janice and Micky attended to Jake, the teen washing his back while
his new bride concentrated on his front, especially his genitals.

	It didn't take her long to have Jake hard and eager for his wife's
sleek, slippery body. They began quickly and it was a few moments before Micky
realized that they were having sex, or as Jake put it, "Fucking up a storm"
before her wide eyes. He quickly pinned Janice's slim body against the tile wall
and thrust into her with quick, powerful strokes as she gasped and moaned in
response to the pounding she was getting. Poor Micky felt as  if she was an
intruder until Janice glanced over and gasped, "Stick your finger up his ass, he
loves that!" This was something that she knew about, it usually being part of
their routine for the last year or so. It didn't take long before Jake was
roaring his pleasure and pumping an enormous load of fresh cum into Janice's
clutching channel. "Now that's the way to get a honeymoon off to a proper
start!" exclaimed Jake as he caught his breath and enjoyed the attentions of not
one but two women who had made him a very happy man.

	The moment Micky took off her robe, she instantly became the center of
attention for the five couples that were lounging beside the pool, enjoying the
sun and the cooling breeze that came from the sea. The sight of a tawny skinned
teenager, who stood an inch over six feet tall and had a shapely figure almost
totally on display thanks to the wisps of cloth that passed for her bathing
suit, was like a magnet in the company of iron filings. The men either grinned
sheepishly or leered while their companions, most of whom were well above
average in physical appearance, chose to ignore her studiously or stared at her
in hopes of finding some kind of flaw in what she was displaying.

	To escape the scrutiny she was receiving, Micky quickly padded to the
edge of the pool and dove into the clear water, her nearly bare body slicing
cleanly through the surface on her way to the bottom of the pool. She remained
submerged for the better part of two minutes before rising up like a modern
Venus. Her performance had caused a sensation that was not lost on either Janice
or Jake. They knew of her remarkable physical gifts and had seen similar
demonstrations on a few occasions. Still they were secretly delighted to observe
the expressions on the other couples as the seconds clicked by and there was no
sign of Micky's emergence from the watery depths. As the two minute mark
approached, at least two of the men had come to their feet and were staring down
to see if the teen was in any trouble.

	As she pulled herself up to the pool edge in preparation to climbing
from the pool, one woman smiled broadly at her and shouted, "Show-off!" That
remark broke the ice and from then on the teen was welcomed by all. Janice had
chosen well when she selected that suit for Micky. It molded her pert breasts
and fought a losing struggle to conceal her stiff nipples that responded to the
chill of the pool water. The tiny swatch of material that cupped her pubic mound
outlined the narrow strips of plump flesh that guarded the entry to her cunt.
The thin strip of cloth that was buried in the crevice between her firm rounded
buttocks peformed its function perfectly, calling attention that that portion of
her body and engendering more than her share of salacious thoughts from both
women as well as men. These would blossom into more overt activities before the
trio departed to return to the city.


				 ( To be continued)




				Missing the Cut

				    Chapter 7


	By afternoon Jake and Janice were hitting it off with the other couples
while Micky spent her time swimming, diving and sunning, almost oblivious of the
stares and whispered comments concerning her looks and athletic ability. Little
did the girl know that her father and his bride were in a sense auctioning off
her company to these very interested sunbathers. One couple in particular had
the inside track because of their connections. It seems that they were close
friends with another couple who in turn were well known to that doyen of
society, Mrs. Grace Worthington-Wentworth.

	The Sanyers had already heard that this acquaintance of their friends
had been taken by a young goddess who worked in a small boutique. They were
amazed to discover that the young lady in question was seated no more than
thirty feet from them, taking the sun. Their interest in Micky grew by leaps and
bounds. They mentioned another acquaintance from the area who might prove useful
to the Wilsons, and offered to arrange a meeting with him. In turn Janice
insinuated that perhaps she might arrange for them to have the opportunity to
entertain their daughter to allow them to have some time to themselves. By now
the Sanyers were slavering at the chance to get their hands on this lovely
creature.

	There was another couple, the Branleys, a bit younger than the rest, who
finally made the connection that the tall, athletic, sylph of a girl was none
other than Micky Wilson the youthful golf phenom who had abruptly left the pro
tour at the tender age of thirteen. It turned out that he was in sports
marketing and his wife was a newscaster with her own show in a medium sized city
nearby. Jake knew this couple was worth cultivating and what better way than to
have them meet his daughter close up and very personal. He was more circumspect
with these people, hinting that there might be an opportunity for them to meet
his daughter later on in the week.

	However it was the third couple, the Jensons, that made the best
impression on Jake and Janet. The woman was the one who had broken the tension
when the Wilsons arrived at the pool. Brenda was in her forties with a good boob
job and a body that still had lots of curves and seemingly had been spared from
much of the ravages of age. It was her off hand comment to the effect that she'd
love to get up close and personal with Micky that made the Wilsons smile, then
come out and admit that they were enjoying the fruits of their labor to make
their daughter more amenable to their own loving feelings. Brenda looked as if
she'd been struck in the head with a blunt instrument, then quickly recovered
and suggested that perhaps they and the Wilsons might have a little get-together
that involved all four of them getting to know Micky in a very big way. Jake
only smiled, but he also didn't say no to her suggestion.

	That night the Wilson family had a very nice dinner, but Micky was not
allowed to imbibe. The teen blushed when Janice leaned over to squeeze her hand
and say, "Your father and I have lots of things we want to do that involve your
participation young lady. We want you alert and ready for whatever comes your
way." Jake laughed heartily at her use of the word "come", and added his
approval of what Janice had stated. For the first time Micky felt very
comfortable with her new family and most eager to make them both happy about her
presence on their honeymoon.

	Once they returned to their suite Micky was urged to don her white lace
teddy and this time wear the matching sheer bikini panties which hid nothing.
When she entered the large bedroom she was a bit taken aback by the outfit that
Janice had on her slim body. The woman wore a black leather garter belt to which
were attached sheer black stockings. Her matching leather bra merely cupped her
pert breasts, presenting them for display. She had a black velvet choker around
her throat and to complete the ensemble, leather gauntlets covered her hands and
a portion of her arms. Micky knew then that she was in for a long and very
bizarre night.

	Initially Micky was put to work stimulating her father into a series of
erections as Janet directed her activities. Once Jake was hard and ready, Janice
took command, mounting her husband and riding him to one ejaculation after
another. Micky was amazed to see her father perform as if he were twenty years
younger. She also felt a little twinge of jealousy that this older, white woman
could induce such a reaction from her father. Once Jake came, Micky was put to
work making sure that his cock was cleaned thoroughly. Here to, Janice monitored
her efforts closely, providing some criticism when appropriate and praise on
occasion as well. The two adults joked that Micky was doing all the menial tasks
while they enjoyed the fruits of her labor.

	Janice came up with a new task for Micky, one involving sucking her
father's cum from his bride's cunt and making sure that every drop was removed
and disposed of by swallowing. Janice remarked that this was something that
Micky should become most adept at doing since there would be a great demand for
that type of service while they stayed at this resort. The teen at first didn't
understand the meaning of that statement, but as the evening went along and more
and more remarks were made by both Jake and Janice, Micky realized that
something was up that involved her, but not them. It slowly dawned on her that
those conversations they were having with the other couples must have included
her as well.

	Jake soon tired and Micky was very hard pressed to bring his cock to
sufficient stiffness so he could be ridden by Janice. It was then that she
joined the teenager and started to show the girl some tricks she knew to get the
tired male aroused anew. Once Jake was hard, Micky was ordered to get him off.
It was a most difficult task for the teen, not only was her father on the verge
of exhaustion, there was Janice overseeing the entire process. Micky felt more
and more insecure as she licked and sucked on Jake's hard length of thick cock.
Janice finally moved into the lists, and with her assistance, they managed to
bring Jake to one last ejaculation which Janice captured and swallowed with her
lips smacking with satisfaction. Jake pleaded for a break in the action so he
could recuperate. So Janice escorted the girl back to her room so they might
resume their activites without interfering with Jake's need for rest.

	At the woman's request, which seemed to Micky to be a command, the teen
removed her teddy and bikinis and stood naked, her hands clasped together and
held behind her head. She shivered at the sight of this dominating woman who had
sprung, full grown from the earth. "I have wanted your body ever since the first
time I laid eyes on you. Don't act so surprised, even one as young as yourself
already knows that many women are attracted to both sexes, and the more
adventurous ones are usually richly rewarded."

	"You, my darling daughter and lover to be, will always walk that narrow
line between the sexes. You have beauty mixed with physical strength and grace.
As you grow and mature still further, your physical gifts will be overtaken by
the unique experience gained by being with both sexes. Enjoy your power, it is
not bestowed on very many of us. Also realize that with growth there will be
some pain. I already know of your experience when you were much younger and
still unformed. I know what has been going on between you and your father for
many years. These are all stepping stones to your ultimate destiny. I envy you,
but I'm not consumed with jealousy. I have a vision of what you can be, and I
will do my best to shape you so that you can achieve that vision. Others, such
as Grace and her like, will also see in you a way to live again. Take whatever
seems to suit your purposes and do not consider the source."

	Janice made the girl move her feet apart until the tendons of her thighs
began to strain from the pressure that this position caused. Micky gasped and
then gently moaned as the woman's fingers parted the lips of her cunt and slid
inside to search out her sweet spots. She moved slowly, almost as if she had no
purpose for what she was doing. Micky knew better as those knowing fingers
probed her most intimate areas, learning how she responded. Janice's long middle
finger tripped one of the girl's most sensitive spots bringing a loud groan and
then a hiss of suppressed excitement. "Don't hold back, let me know what you are
feeling. Why else would I be doing this!" Janice whispered sharply. The next
time she found that sweet spot Micky trembled and sighed, bringing a tinkle of
laughter from the woman.

	This was nothing compared to what transpired when Janice knelt and used
her  tongue on Mickey's pubes, licking up and down, leaving a trail of goose
flesh in her wake. Mickly let out a loud groan when Janice's fingers opened her
portal and that flickering snake of a tongue wormed its way up into her wet
tunnel. The teen's entire body quivered like the string in a bow being bent to
its limit before the arrow was loosed. Now it was Janice's turn to voice her
feelngs, which she did with a great deal of enthusiasm. The sensation of her
mouth blowing and hissing directly against the girl's hot, wet, dripping cunt
mouth was a fresh experience for her.

	Then the dominant woman's hands were cupping Micky's buttocks, kneading
the firm mounds of shapely flesh as her tongue ran rampant inside her sodden
cunt. When she pulled the girl forward to gain  even more access to her channel,
Micky nearly lost her balance and only by grasping Janice's hair was she able to
avoid falling upon this explorer. Her father's new bride laughed like a young
girl and suggested in no uncertain terms that they move to the bed so she could
continue to enjoy the teen's naked body.They fell onto the bed almost as one,
and then they were joined, Janice's face buried in Micky's crotch. The girl
clung to the woman's thighs still not able to give herself over to the rush of
lust that had overtaken her companion. That did not bother her father's bride
one bit at all; she dined alone and ate heartily.

	When she was satiated Janice disengaged herself from Micky's soaked
crotch and proceeded to begin educating her for her new life. " Your father and
I have discussed you and your future at length. He has agreed that from now on,
I will be responsible for your day to day discipline. Be advised that I am a
very stern task mistress and not averse in the slightest to laying the leather
to that lovely bottom you so fetchingly display. Being a woman I am much more
familiar with those areas of your body that will respond the most to punishment.
Punishment means many things to me, quite a few more than your father's
rudimentary approach to matters." It was then that she dropped the first of a
number of bombshells.

	"While you were under his discipline he was unfettered by the need to
retain your body free of visible evidence of his punishment routines. However he
and I have decided that you shall be going public once more, only this time you
will participate on the women's tour, where you should be extremely successful.
You have a number of powerful sponsors eager to assist you in returning to
professional golf, among them is Grace Worthington-Wentworth. Only today we made
another important contact with one of the couples that share the pool area with
us. You will be expected to do your utmost to make them a part of your team,
starting as early as tomorrow. I do not know their intentions for you presently,
but I would not be surprised if both sought to have some form of sexual
relations with you. You will be most amenable to any suggestion that they may
make to you in this area. If you fail, I shall personally take the skin off your
bottom and then give you a taste of some of the toys that I have brought along
to spice up the honeymoon." Micky was stunned at these revelations and Janice's
threat. Her new mistress then continued to discuss some of the plans she had for
Micky both here at the resort and once they returned to the city.

	"Your father and I have made arrangements with two other couples, both
of them able to assist you in resuming your golfing career. I believe that they
are more interested right now in having your body. You will do everything you
can to make both pairs happy with your attitude and performance. If not you will
suffer my anger, which is not a pleasant prospect if you get my meaning. Finally
I want you to know that I am very interested in having you pleasure me as often
as you did your father, perhaps more now that he has me to warm his bed at
night. Beginning tomorrow morning I will expect you to be between my legs for as
long as it takes to bring me to orgasm. Your father expects to be able to
witness our little trysts as it will keep his interest in me at a high level
which should be the result of a successful honeymoon. On the other hand you will
begin learning how to properly satisfy a woman; this skill will serve you well
in the coming years." With those words Janice rose from the bed and sauntered
towards where her husband slept, leaving the teenager to ponder all  that she
had heard.


				( To be Continued)




				Missing the Cut


		                    Chapter 8


	Micky finally drifted off to sleep and had a very uncomfortable night.
She awoke to the sound of the bed in their room creaking, a sign that they were
having sex. She took this opportunity to run into the bathroom and empty her
full bladder. They were still going at it when she returned to her room. She sat
on the bed, feeling as if she was a prisoner and then began to realize that in a
sense she was. Micky couldn't even dress for fear that Janice would find her
clothed and demand that she strip down so that Janice could begin her training
in cunnilingus.

	She remembered the lengthy sessions with her father, on her knees,
naked, her hands tied tightly behind her back and his huge cock dominating her
view. She remembered choking and gagging almost every time he wedged that thick
piece of hard meat into her mouth and began prodding it against the back of her
throat. Would her lessons with Janice be as stressful; it was too early to tell.
Micky heard the sound of her father groaning and cursing as he neared release.
She recalled being very frightened the first few times that she heard that sound
as he pounded away inside her sore cunt, his heavy body pinning her to the bed
almost as if she was some kind of butterfly being displayed.

	Minutes later Janice entered, still clad in that black garter belt and
hose, her smooth shaven cunt glistening with the cum and sex juices that were
beginning to ooze from her blood filled cunt lips. Her face was set into a mask
of lust, still not completely satisfied. Micky was to be the final course of
this meal for the morning. "I have something for you from your father. It may
take a little time to get it all, but I'm sure you will enjoy searching for it."
Her words seemed to sharpen the teen's senses, the girl knew what she had to do
and decided to throw herself into the effort, holding back nothing.

	Janice was startled at first with Micky's enthusiastic mining of the
treasures that lay hidden within the folds of her cunt. She hadn't expected this
reaction from the girl after what had occurred last evening. Micky was noisily
gobbling at her sticky cunt mouth, clearing away the drippings that had begun 
to collect on its gaping portal. Then the girl's tongue started to slide into
that warm, wet, well fucked channel, scooping up the cum and cunt juices that
had been stirred up by Jake's relentless assault on her insides. The white woman
gasped in surprise as Micky began suctioning the fluids from her body with an
aggression that was totally out of character for her.

	The teenager was a tiger, overwhelming her teacher as she searched out
every drop of cum and pussy juice that she could reach with her tongue. Janice
just lay back and closed her eyes, enjoying this pleasant surprise. Perhaps this
tall, lithe lovely would turn out to be a lot more malleable than she thought.
Now wouldn't that be a treat to have a virile male and his lovely daughter
competing for her favors; Janice could not imagine a better situation. She
decided to make the most of the change in Micky. So she took control of the
slobbering mouth of her pupil and began lesson one, the care and worship of her
pussy. The girl proved to be a quick study and to her amazement Janice Wilson,
nee Redding, had a small but very satisfying orgasm, the first of what would
prove to be many delivered by this teen temptress on her most exciting
honeymoon.

	Even as Janice was coming down from the orgasm that she just
experienced, Jake entered to see what all the commotion was about. "Is this a
private party, or is everybody welcome?" He asked in jest.

	His new wife opened one eye and sighed. "I've just been double teamed by
the Wilsons and I love it! Soon as I recover my senses, I think I'll go another
round with whoever is ready to do me again." He chuckled and reached down to
squeeze his daughter's ass affectionately.

	"I'm delighted to see you and my wife getting so chummy so quickly.
However it's been some time, perhaps over a month, since I've had a chance to
ream out that tight asshole of yours." He glanced over toward his new wife and
said, "Hope you don't mind if we get reacquainted."

	Janice broke into a big smile and she tousled Micky's hair. "Need some
help in getting ready?"

	Jake glanced down at his rock hard cock with a smile and replied, "What
do you think?"

	Micky allowed her father's bride to lubricate her asshole to make it
easier for his thick cock to enter that tight backdoor. Jake wasted little time
spreading her tawny cheeks and working the head of his stiff dick past the tight
ring of muscle that guarded his daughter's rectum. Micky grunted from the intial
shock of having this cudgel burying itself into her rear passageway. She shifted
her body to make it easier to accommodate that slab of meat that was pressing
deeper and deeper into her colon. Janice joined the fun, scooting up and getting
Micky's face properly settled against her wet crotch. "Can you do two things at
once?" She whispered, staring down to watch another inch of her husband's cock
disappear between his daughter's rounded ass cheeks.

	Micky demonstrated that she was very gifted when it came to
multi-tasking. Her tongue flickered and wiggled its way into the woman's cunt to
start stirring up her juices for another round of fun and games. Perhaps it was
the sight of Jake sodomizing his daughter while at the same time his daughter's
tongue was working on one of her secret, sweet spots that brought Janice off so
quickly. Whatever it was made for a very interesting period as Jake touched 
bottom in Micky's asshole at about the same time as his wife groaned and began
humping her cunt against his daughter's imprisoned face. That got Jake moving at
a rapid rate that soon had him dumping a rather respectable load of cum into
Micky's clenched asshole. All that remained was for him to present his cock for
Micky to clean. Ever the dutiful daughter, she set to work and soon had his
fuckstick glistening wih a coating of her saliva, all traces of its whereabouts
having been disposed of down her throat. His bride looked on, obviously
impressed by his command over the girl. "Jake, you must show me your secret.
Your daughter seems to be capable of anything if you want her to do it. How did
you ever succeed in doing this?" Her question brought a smile from her husband.

	"Why don't you try to get that information out of her by yourself. If
you can't, then you'll have to  pay a  penalty before I tell you." Janice
shivered, her mind presenting all sorts of scenarios for how this feat was
accomplished. She'd have to get busy and squeeze the truth from the girl or
suffer a penalty which she imagined involved her asshole and her husband's cock,
not exactly a pleasant prospect despite the ease with which his daughter handled
it. All this sex had developed a voracious appetite in each of them, and so they
dressed and went out to have breakfast before settling down at the sun drenched
pool area where their new friends awaited them.

	Over breakfast Jake broke the news to Micky that she was expected to
"entertain" one of the couples today. He mentioned how important it was for her
to make a good impression on the Sanyers, Mark and Karen. "These people could be
instrumental in providing you with the kind of connections that will be needed
to help you return to golf. A  tremendous amount has happened since you
"retired"; there are any number of young ladies your age and even younger who
are coming into prominence. We have to start cultivating the right  kind of
people such as the Sanyers, even before you start honing your talents once more
and refining your game to handle the kind of competition that is in the offing.
I will be very disappointed if I hear anything negative from the Sanyers
concerning your behavior towards them. Do I make myself clear on this matter?"
His dutiful daughter merely nodded her head and resumed eating.

	The Wilsons reached the pool close to lunch time and settled down to
take the sun and wait for the Sanyers to approach them. Micky was wearing a more
modest suit today, a one piece affair that molded itself to her sleek body. She
had shuddered when Jake remarked that the suit would conceal any marks that
might be made during the heat of passion. The teenager was in the pool doing
laps when Karen Sanyer came over to Jake and Janice and engaged them in
conversation, glancing over to where Micky was knifing through the water.

	"Does she know what we expect of her?" Jake frowned at the question and
looked away in annoyance, leaving his wife to explain to the woman that although
Micky did not have specific knowledge of what was to occur, she had been warned
that failure to comply with any reasonable request would result in some serious
damage being done to her bare body when Jake got his hands on her.Karen's face
broke into a malicious smile at her words. She turned to face her husband who
was staring intently at the teen swimmer and waved to signal that all was as
promised.

	When Micky joined her father and his wife, she was informed that they
wanted to do some shopping in the little tourist town a few miles from the
resort. The Sanyers had graciously offered to "babysit" her in their absence,
and she was expected to obey them as she would Jake and his bride. Janice added
that they probably wouldn't be returning to the resort until nearly dinner time.
The teen's heart sank at the realization that she  would be at the mercy of this
pair for many hours to come. They escorted Micky across the pool area and
introduced her to the Sanyers before taking their leave. Up close it was
apparent that the couple was quite a bit older than Jake and his bride, probably
in their early fifties. Both were in good shape as was evident by the way they
displayed their sinewy bodies, especially Karen who wore a skimpy two piece suit
that left little to the imagination. Micky was most impressed by her large
breasts which unknown to her had been augmented over fifteen years ago and
redone every five years to keep them firm and shapely.

	She made small talk with her baby sitters and discovered their
connection to the influential society leader, Mrs. Worthington-Wentworth, and
that they knew who she was, or more properly, who she had once been. She excused
herself and returned to the pool to delay the inevitable as long as possible,
grinding out lap after lap under the bright sun. Just as she was finishing up a
lap at one end of the pool a shadow fell over her and looking up she saw the
smiling face of Mark Sanyer who informed her that they intended to go to their
quarters and expected her to come along with them. She pulled herself from the
pool and allowed them to take her to their lair, wondering what new challenge
awaited her.

	As soon as they entered their large suite, Karen asked her husband to
get their "guest" out of that wet bathing suit and onto the potty in the
bathroom so she could make "weewee". Micky could not believe her ears; they were
treating her as if she was a two-year-old! Mark's big hand began prodding her
toward the bathroom and Micky moved like a sleepwalker toward their destination.
"You won't be needing that wet thing for the rest of the afternoon, we have so
many fun things planned for you we can hardly wait." At that point Micky knew
that this was going to be one of the most bizarre afternoons she had ever spent
anywhere.

	Her eyes popped when she saw the portable potty sitting upside the
toilet. It was nothing more than the type that some campers used, but in this
place it was completely out of place. "Now off with that wet suit so you don't
catch cold. Now be quick about it or daddy will have to paddle your fanny good
for disobeying him." Her father's words came back to her immediately and so
without even thinking she began skinning the wet suit from her body while Mark
enjoyed the show. She walked over and sat down on the doughnut shaped seat and
strained to pass some urine. She tried to avoid looking at Mark who was staring
fixedly at her crotch, despite the fact that her knees were closed tightly to
prevent him from seeing her genitals. Try as she may, her bladder seemed to be
devoid of anything, not surprising considering the heat that could easily suck
off any amount of moisture from her body as she exercised under the hot sun.

	Karen entered the large bathroom and asked her husband whether or not
the "baby" had obeyed him. Her face grew dark when she heard that the baby
hadn't done her business. "We shall see about that!" Karen exclaimed. The teen
knew she was in for it now, and what quickly followed came as no surprise.
Without warning Karen delivered a roundhouse slap that exploded across her ear,
nearly deafening the girl. Then Mark grabbed her by the hair and dragged Micky
from the potty, throwing her across the edge of the ornate porcelain tub. He
held her in this embarrassing position, waiting for his wife to decide how to
punish their baby.

	"Mark dear, go get the cuffs! This one needs to be taught a lesson and
right now!" Micky groaned inwardly, realizing that things were definitely taking
a turn for the worse. Looking over her shoulder she saw that all Karen was
wearing were red rubber panties that molded themselves to her pubic mound. She
shivered because the red rubber reminded her of all those enemas she had taken
that terrible evening and well into the morning from those nasty men from the
golfing establishment. Micky vowed that she would not give these people any
excuse to harm her. Little did she know that the damage had been already done
and they would be tormenting her well into the evening.


				( To be continued )




				Missing the Cut


				   Chapter 9


	When Micky heard Mrs. Sanyers tell her husband that the girl was
probably constipated as well, and needed an enema, she began to have flash backs
to that brutal night when she was totally humiliated and reduced to nothing but
a mindless piece of fuckmeat to be used, abused and tormented in any way that
her captors could dream up. The thought of taking an enema from these people
terrified the teen, who imagined that this would only lead to further
humiliation and pain for her to endure. The feel of the cold metal around her
wrists was followed by the sound of the cuffs being locked, making her
effectively helpless against the couple.

	"Hot or cold?" asked her husband. Karen clucked for a second or so and
then chose the cold water version, stating that this would probably calm her
down, as well as cool her off from the heat that she had absorbed while
exercising under the broiling sun. Micky shifted uncomfortably,listening to the
hiss of the water filling the enema bag that she could see from the corner of
her eye. She let out a yelp, more from surprise than pain, when Karen slapped
her firm bottom and scolded her for being such a bad little girl.

	"It's full; do you want to do the honors or shall I?" Mark asked. The
chuckle from Karen told Mickey she was in for it. The nozzle felt cold as it was
positioned against her winking brown eye. Then Karen applied some pressure and
the tip plunged past the teen's sphincter and began boring deep into her rectum.
Mickey could not help grunting from the pain the unlubricated nozzle created.
She received a resounding slap across her clenched buttocks from Mark's big hand
that really hurt. 

	"Serves you right for being such a bad little girl.'' Karen chided as
she pushed the nozzle even further into the girl's tight hole. "An obedient
little girl would have made wee-wee for her uncle Mark and then let him wipe her
little cunny clean, but not this one, she has to balk, and bring this on
herself!" With those words Karen rotated then moved the nozzle from side to
side, further loosening up Micky's tight sphincter. The clip was opened and
Micky felt the rush of cold water as it entered and began moving into her
bowels.

	It did not take long for the icy fingers of the enema to reach the
limits of her lower intestine. It then began its search for new worlds to
conquer and now Micky began to feel pressure developing in the pit of her
stomach, a sign that the first column of chilled water had arrived at its final
destination. She gritted her teeth in a vain attempt to stem the fear that was
starting to build in her. She remembered back to that night  when the terrible
pressure that never seemed to stop was the center of her own private universe.
She remembered the mixed feelings she experienced  when the horrible bung was
yanked from her spasming rectum so she could spew the enema contents from her
bloated body. She also remembered the chilling laughter of her tormentors who
were eagerly waiting for this latest purge to run its course so they could once
again resume raping her.

	Micky burst into tears as her memories overcame her. The Sanyers were a
bit taken aback by her response to the enema and looked at each other with
quizzical expressions. Karen finally adopted the attitude that Micky was
reverting to infancy, a situation that was not expected at this juncture.
"Perhaps we have been too harsh on this naughty little girl. Perhaps she wants
to be a nice little girl and let uncle Mark stick his big stiffy up her little
cunny so she can show him what a big girl she really is." Micky stiffened at
those words; it was going to be just as she feared1 She was going to be raped
and perhaps endure things that might be even worse, such as the terrible beating
she had received that horrible time in the past. Then she remembered the words
of her father, warning her of dire consequences if she did not obey the Sanyers.
This thought intensified her helpless and hopeless feelings and her sobs grew
louder and more heartfelt.

	It was a shivering and totally humiliated Micky Wilson who hobbled over
to the portable potty so she could rid herself of the pressure that made her
insides cramp and feel as if they were being wrung out by a giant hand. Having
achieved her goal she prepared to void the enema, but the Sayers would have none
of that. Karen ordered, "Spread your legs like a good little girl so aunt Karen
and uncle Mark can see all that nasty brown stuff come out of your little
heinie."  Micky groaned and put her head down in embarrassment, forcing her
thighs to part so these two perverts could witness her utter humiliation. The
teen could do nothing but shut her eyes to the sight of her tormentors and let
nature take its course. The sound and the stench from her bowels evacuating only
added to her feeling of complete degradation. Through it all remained the
specter of having to allow Mark to assault her. Who knew what else she might be
forced to do in order to avoid her father's wrath?

	She was spared from being raped immediately after she finished voiding
the enema. Karen was not satisfied that her bowels were completely devoid of
foreign material, and ordered Mark to refill the bag and this time add some of
the ice that was currently being used to chill a bottle of champagne. Micky was
thankful for the reprieve but knew that she would soon have to endure being
raped by Mark. For some strange reason the teen began to wonder how large he
was, as if that mattered at this stage. The second enema lasted much longer and
by the time its contents had been emptied into her intestines and stomach, she
was hurting from the cramps that had begun perhaps five minutes before the last
of the chilled ice water had passed into her colon. Worse yet Karen had slammed
a rubber bung into the teen's gaping anus, and made her remain bent over the
edge of the tub while her insides roiled and sweat began to break out on her
shivering body. Karen inserted a number of fingers into Micky's dry cunt and
began moving them around to see where the teen's sweet spots were located for
future reference.

	Mark, for the first time, exposed his flaccid cock. Its head was
enormous even though his member was still limp. Micky could not yet get any idea
of its ultimate size, that would be determined later, and she realized that most
likely she would be applying herself diligently to get it hard enough so he
could bury it deep into her body. Hopefully he would use the traditional
entryway, but she could not even be certain of that. The thought of that fat
bulbous head stretching her sphincter to its limits made her shiver even more as
she waited for the bung to be removed so she could rid herself of the ocean of
pain that was sloshing around inside her.

	Micky had no illusions about making it difficult for her captors to
observe her voiding the contents of the enema. She had spread her thighs as wide
apart as she could and even raised her body from the seat of the portable toilet
to show that what was issuing from her bowels was clear, at least she hoped it
was. From the satisfied looks on their faces she was fairly certain that she had
taken the last enema for the time being. What lay in store for her later was
another matter entirely. Karen had become a bit more aggressive towards the teen
as she squatted over the toilet releasing the enema noisily and even letting out
a grunt or two as the cramps continued to torment her. The woman captured her
nipples between thumb and forefinger, and stretched them until Micky grimaced
from the pain. Then she gave the girl an evil smile and began to twist them.
Micky was forced to raise herself even more to prevent her sensitive teats from
being torn from her breasts. "I think these would look good with a set of silver
rings piercing them, don't you think so Mark?" The girl shivered at the prospect
of something such as that occurring to her pert nipples. Mark on the other hand
gave a broad smile and nodded his head.

	The pair marched Micky out to the main room in their suite. Karen was
still wearing her red rubber pants while her husband was now stark naked, his
flaccid cock hanging limply between his legs. He settled into a large over
stuffed chair and then managed to get his legs to hang over the arms, revealing
not only his genitals, but his asshole as well. Micky groaned inwardly when she
realized that he would probably have her rim him as well as suck his cock until
it was hard enough to use on her. Karen ordered her to kneel before her husband
and begin "worshipping" his cock. The tawny teen did as she was instructed and
began to suction his limp length of limber flesh, while Karen gave her specific
orders on how to suck him, when to lick his balls and finally when to push her
tongue against his anus. Gradually his dick began to lengthen and grow thicker.
The head of his cock was now as big as any she had seen, and still growing.
Karen made her lick all round the head and then poke the tip of her tongue into
his piss hole. She kissed the length of his growing cock and then suctioned the
huge head and let it pop from her mouth repeatedly as Karen called the shots.

	"How is our little nice and nasty girl doing? Is she naughty enough for
you to get a big stiffy and give that tight little cunny of hers a good
stretching?" Karen was using a crooning voice as well as smacking her lips to
simulate the kind of suction that Micky was applying to her husband's now fully
extended dick. Then she put her hand against the teen's nape and began pushing
the girl's head against her husband's cock. Gradually more and more of his cock
entered Micky's mouth. Soon she was choking and drooling as the huge top portion
began to punch against the back of her throat. Just before the teen was about to
surrender to panic Mark announced that he was ready to fuck the girl.

	He rose from the chair and Karen made Micky bend over one of the arms.
Then she worked two fingers into the girl's tight dry cunt and pronounced her
open for business, which made the pair chuckle. Then Micky felt pressure against
the mouth of her cunt as Mark's huge swollen cockhead began to push its way into
her. It hurt, it hurt to the point that she cried out. This brought a derisive
laugh from Karen and more pressure from her husband. The pain grew as Micky's
cunt stretched to accommodate the monstrous mass of flesh he was pushing deeper
into her straining tunnel. Mark paused and took a break to catch his breath.
Breaching her defenses was turning out to be quite a struggle and he was getting
tired. Now Karen took a more active role in this assault.

	Mrs. Sanyers began smashing her open hand across Micky's bottom every
opportunty she was given as her husband rested, perhaps a couple of inches
buried in the girl's pussy. The battering that the teen was taking distracted
her somewhat from what was happening within her twat. Mark leaned over, resting
his weight on her back and then started up the slow penetration his cock was
making into her body. Now Karen had shifted her attention to Micky's hair,
yanking it hard enough to remove a few strands from her scalp. This too acted to
divert the teen's attention from what was happening to her stretched fuck box.
It took what seemed like hours before Mark was buried to the hilt in her bulging
cunt. Mark pulled back until only the head of his cock remained in the girl.
Karen took this opportunity to apply a dollop of lubricant to aid Mark in
developing some kind of a rhythm as he resumed punishing her tight tunnel.

	To Micky, Mark's assault seemed to go on forever, slowly enlarging the
tight tube of flesh that enveloped his cock. Fortunately for the teen his cock
was a little on the short side and so the amount of pain it could produce was
somewhat diminished. With time she loosened up sufficiently so that he could
move faster and generate a goodly amount of friction. Finally with a loud bellow
he began hosing her insides with the contents of his churning balls. Karen added
to Micky's distress by gouging her nails into the girl's scalp to the point that
she drew blood.

	After Micky finished cleaning his spent cock with her tongue, Mark took
back his chair and enjoyed the view as Karen took a turn with the teen. She
wiggled out of her rubber pants and settled into a chair opposite her husband.
She assumed the same position, legs flung over the arms and her cunt and asshole
completely available for Micky to begin licking and sucking. Micky knelt before
her and got a whiff of her crotch which had been marinating in those rubber
pants for some time. "Start at my asshole and don't miss a spot. I want to feel
those lips smooching every part of me from there right up to my navel. Then
stick out that tongue and go back down until you are tonguing my asshole. Just
stay there until I tell you what I want next." The teen sighed and began by
pressing her lips to Karen's asshole and giving it a loud wet kiss using plenty
of saliva. That drew a gasp from the woman who reached down and patted the girl
on the head as if she was a pet who had done something good for her mistress.
Mark was amused and his laugh made the girl blush.

	After nearly an hour of almost continuous oral attention Karen
pronounced that she was coming and proceeded to drench Micky's face with cunt
juice that spewed from her in squirts. As soon as the last drops had drooled
from between her fat cunt lips she pressed Micky's face into her pungent maw and
ordered her to resume eating her out. "Make me come again or I'll take the strap
to that ass of yours and see how much skin I can remove." To emphasize her
seriousness, she grabbed the teen's hair and yanked her head from side to side.
Micky got busy and soon the sound of her lips slobbering all over Karen's juicy
muff filled the room. Poor Micky didn't realize that her slavish attentions to
Karen had generated some additional interest on the part of Mark. Karen's smile
indicated that she was most aware of Mark's growing interest in having another
go at their visitor's cunt.

	By the time Micky brought Karen to another orgasm, Mark's cock was
half-hard. He stroked away on his growing pole and watched happily as his wife
had an even more intense orgasm this time and delivered way more pussy juice
than her previous offering that had drenched the teen's face. This one not only
coated her features with a shiny glaze of liquid lust, it also covered the
teen's chest and the tops of her breasts. What got Mark even hotter was the fact
that the tall teen's nipples were rock hard. She was getting into what was going
on! Mark began to wonder if he might be able to nail her in the asshole with his
budding erection. There was only one way to find out and so he made his move.

	Micky knelt on the carpeted floor of their bedroom and sucked his cock
with enthusiasm while his wife alternated between kneading his tightening balls
and licking them until they were glistening with her saliva. Mark began to choke
the girl with his fat organ, pushing it deep into her mouth and enjoying the
sensation that her gagging produced. "It looks like our guest wants old Mark's
cock again from the way she's polishing my knob with that hot tongue. This one
is sure no nice young lady; I think we got a hold of a slutty cunt who wants as
much dick as I can give her. Damn, too bad we can't keep her over night!
Wouldn't that be fun! Just think of  the time you'd be having using your dildo
on this big bundle of dark fuckmeat. I've heard plenty about women of color
being hotter than the hinges of hell, and this one is sure beginning to heat up
in a hurry now that we've got her juices flowing." Even as he spoke, Micky's
head bobbed up and down on his cock,. moving faster and faster, as if she
couldn't wait to get him hard enough so he could fuck her slutty cunt or tight
asshole with his misshapen cock.

	The teenager worked tirelessly to get Mark as hard as he could be made.
His wife licked her lips as she saw the veins begin to pop out from the
glistening shaft that the girl was worshipping. He looked over at her and smiled
proudly; it had been many months since he had been capable of developing
back-to- back erections. He pointed to Micky and then gave a thumbs up sign.
"Check out those nipples, they could cut glass. Do me a favor and see how wet
she is." Soon Karen was on her knees cupping Micky's pert tits in her palms and
thumbing her hard nipples which were amazingly erect. When she slipped her
fingers into the teen's cunt she was astonished at how wet she was. The teen's
twat was dripping cunt juice or was it cream, it was so thick. Karen licked her
fingertips and enjoyed the salty-sweet taste and the texture of the sex sauce
that oozed from within the tawny teen's pussy. It took an exercise of the will
to avoid going down on that tasty twat and sucking it dry. She could not figure
out what had triggered this massive outpouring of pussy cream, but she could not
doubt her eyes, tongue and nose which could actually sniff the scent of this
oversexed teenaged female.

	Some twenty minutes later Micky was on her stomach, her legs hanging
over the edge of the bed. Her face was buried between the pebbled thighs of
Karen Sanyer and her fast tongue was speedily bringing the woman to the verge of
what would prove to be a series of orgasms that would leave her drained of pussy
juice and utterly exhausted from the powerful sex explosions that rumbled like
freight trains through her body. The combination of the incredible suctioning
pressure of the teen's mouth coupled with the snake-like tongue that seemed to
go to each and every spot that could trigger pleasure in Karen, was turning her
inside out. She was sure that the next orgasm would be the one to make her pass
out from pleasure and exhaustion.

	Mark Sanyer was straddling her firm ass cheeks as he worked his big
cockhead between those tight muscular mounds of flesh. It was slow going, but he
was thrilled to the core since he felt in complete control of the situation. He
could plainly see what was happening to his wife as the girl brought her off
like some type of sex machine. Inch by slow inch he wormed his way deeper and
deeper into her super tight channel; resting for minutes at a time and enjoying
the feeling of power he had over this tawny temptress. If he wanted, he could
tear her apart with his steel hard cock and watch with pleasure as blood
fountained up from where his tool was excavating her sex flesh. He was almost
saddened when the last vestige of his cock had disappeared between her smooth,
firm cheeks. Now for the real fun to begin. He rocked his body and withdrew
until only that huge red head was captured by her straining sphincter. Then he
began to pump way inside her tight mucus lined tunnel of wetness and warmth. He
had no idea how long it took for him to reach his climax, but it was one that he
would never forget. When he finally withdrew, there were traces of blood
flecking his still firm dick as well as a thick coat of some type of slime that
he had peeled from the walls of her sex tube.

	The trio was still recovering from their efforts when Jake called to
retrieve his daughter and inquire whether she had been satisfactory. All Mark
could do was whistle and tell Micky's father that he had no idea what kind of
sex monster lived deep within his daughter. "We must have her over as our guest
once we're back home and have sufficiently recovered to try our luck with her
again. She is a phenomenon! What that young lady has is almost magical, but the
funny part is that she doesn't seem to even realize the power that she
possesses."


				( To be continued)




				   Missing the Cut


                                     Chapter 10


	Micky slept the sleep of the exhausted.  However activities were taking
place that would determine how she'd spend the following day and part of the
evening as well. Dana Branley telephoned Jake to discuss the agenda for the next
day. Jake had to admit that the blonde newscaster was most aggressive and knew
how to utilize her physical gifts as well. Jake had caught himself staring at
her bikini-clad figure more than once as they lay out in the sun by the pool. He
had mentally chided himself for being a pig when he considered that he had two
hot females to serve him like he was some potentate in a far-off land.

	He remembered as a child being fascinated by strange and exotic lands,
ruled by men of color. Jake had done very well for himself when he thought back
to his marriage to a woman who was extremely beautiful and a tigress in bed
until that fateful day when she deserted him, leaving their daughter as the only
connection to their failed marriage. Now he had a successful white woman as his
bride, a woman who was well connected in society and shared the same vision for
his athletic daughter as he did. Then there was his pride and joy, Micky, a
youthful goddess tremendously gifted in a physical sense and seemingly able to
connect in a most positive way with the movers and shakers that controlled the
world in which Jake moved. The future looked very bright indeed for Jake Wilson.

	It was interesting how some of Dana's requests matched those of the
Sanyers; however these were a bit more extreme and their purpose cloaked in
mystery. There was no reason to balk at them, but he was most curious at how
they fit into whatever the Branleys had in store for his daughter. She was not
allowed to have any liquids after her breakfast. Promptly at 11AM she was to
come to the pool in the bikini that had originally caught the attention of all
who saw her in it. She was then to swim 150 laps, a distance of approximately
two and a half miles. Afterward she would lie out in the sun for two hours
without using any sun block, spending equal amounts of time on her back and
stomach. This would be followed by another 50 laps and another hour in the sun.
Dana and her husband Steve would take turns observing her to make sure that the
instructions were followed to the letter. They would then escort Micky to their
room for an "interview" and "refreshments." Micky would in all likelihood remain
with them for at least six hours, longer if the interview did not go smoothly.

	The Branleys escorted an extremely tired, dehydrated and sun burned
teenager to their suite for her interview. Dana described a new sports drink
that her husband and she had developed, and explained to Micky that was one
important reason for the exhausting schedule she had followed. "We haven't
gotten around to softening the salty taste, but what we are really interested in
is seeing how quickly your electrolytic balance is restored. Over the next
couple of hours while I'm interviewing you, Steve will be making sure that you
drink your fill in spite of its taste. Now why don't we get rid of that smelly
bikini and just stretch you out on this nice comfortable bed."

	Micky was not naive about what their true purpose for stripping her down
was, not after what she had experienced yesterday. She wondered if there was an
enema or two in her future here as well. The teen  made no struggle as Steve
swiftly cuffed her wrists to the bedposts and used rope to tie her ankles to the
posts at the base. She was now at their mercy. Steve disappeared for a time and
when he returned he was carrying a gallon jug of a mysterious fluid that she
could see sloshing around through the translucent plastic. Strangely enough Dana
busied herself with a tape recorder and  note pad, obviously preparing to
interview the girl. Micky licked her parched lips when she saw the liquid, for
she was truly dehydrated and desperately needed to start taking in some
replacement fluids.

	Micky kept her eyes focused on Steve as he filled a tumbler with the
slightly yellowish liquid. He propped her head so she could easily swallow the
contents of the glass. The teen greedily gulped down the contents. Whatever the
stuff was, it was cold and very salty, but seemed to have no odor or taste
beyond the sharp tang of salt. "How about a little more, then you can answer
some questions for me." Dana said, turning on the recorder. The next glass did
not do down as easily and the salty taste was now overwhelming. Micky now felt a
burning sensation in her mouth and the aftertaste was powerful to the point that
the insides of her mouth began to pucker.

	Dana nodded her head and Steve withdrew. "Now let's get down to cases. I
want you to describe in your own words what just did happen the evening before
you withdrew from the tournament and went into retirement. I've heard a number
of rumors to the effect that you were coerced or perhaps even subjected to
physical threats and violence in order to convince you of the merit of leaving
the men's tour." Micky Wilson was shocked into stunned silence by Dana's words.
What had this woman heard? Who told her, and why? This was not the time to be
without her father who as her agent would have taken care of this woman's
probings and probably sent her on her way.

	After an uncomfortable minute or so , Dana sighed and shouted for her
husband to come in and help her. Steve was naked, his large cock bouncing with
each step that he took. He was carrying a stack of towels and a bucket
containing ice cubes. As he set them down beside the bed to which Micky was
bound, he smiled at his exasperated wife and declared, "I told you this might 
happen. Now aren't you glad I came prepared?" His wife grumbled and tossed her
blonde hair from  side to side to express her anger at how the interview was
going. The teen said nothing, continuing to stare at the ceiling, trying to
ignore what was happening around her.

	The first blow caught Micky completely off guard, and she grunted in
pain as the knotted towel holding a number of ice cubes slammed into her pubic
mound with a loud smacking sound. It immediately brought back that nightmarish
experience as she hung helpless while her fucked out body was beaten with a
similar weapon. She had only some hazy memories of what had happened to her just
before they finished her off. She did recall the agony she felt whenever the
towel loaded with ice cubes had slammed into her swollen cunt still dripping cum
that had seemed to be continuously pumped into her by the large group of men who
seemed to enjoy torturing her to the limits of her endurance and then going
beyond that until she passed out.

	The second and third blows flattened her pert breasts as Micky thrashed
against her bonds. Steve leaned forward until his face was inches from her and
snarled, "Get with the program! Just be a nice little girl and answer my wife's
questions. Clam up like you're doing now and I'll pound that pussy of yours
until it's so swollen even my cock won't be able to batter its way inside. Do
you know what that means? Well let me explain it to you, it means I'll be
fucking you up the ass for the rest of the day and half the night. I don't think
you're going to like that, especially since Dana wants me to wear a condom so I
won't get HIV or whatever else you might have. When I have to wear a condom I
always smear it with some of my special hot sauce just so the bitch I'm doing
will remember me in her nightmares. It's pretty tough to play professional golf
when your colon has turned into a burned out mess and you need to permanently
wear a diaper. It's your call, give Dana her interview or I'll ruin you for life
and nobody will be able to do anything about it. Dana has a recording of her
call to your father and if push comes to shove, she'll let anyone who can help
her beat the rap listen to it. "

	Steve straightened up, gave Micky a big grin and let her have another
blow right between the legs. The teen felt as if she wanted to throw up. The
blow to her cunt, her acute dehydation and that funny tasting sports drink were
making her stomach roil. The ice cube filled towel smashed down once more, this
time landing on her breast bone with such force that it felt as if she had
swallowed a hot knife. Dana raised her hand to stop the beating and smiled at
the helpless girl. "This is your last chance for exactly one hour to answer my
questions. If you don't start talking immediately, Steve will gag you and then
give that very sexy body of yours a beating that you will remember for weeks to
come." Micky sighed and nodded her head. She remembered  what her father had
said about not cooperating and what her fate would be.

	"They raped me. There were so many of them, players, people I didn't
know and even some caddies. They all did me over and over and over." Dana held
the tape recorder microphone close to the girl's lips to capture every word; her
eyes glittering in triumph as she heard from the teen what she had hoped might
be revealed. All those rumors and coy hints from various people who had inside
knowledge of what was really happening on the pro tours were being verified by
an unimpeachable source, to wit Micky Wilson. This was dynamite! Properly used,
this could be her ticket to the next level of broadcasting, a job at a major TV
station reaching a market measured in the millions. Her hand began to tremble at
the prospect of grabbing that brass ring after all.

	To her credit Dana Branley had come prepared. She produced a sheaf of
photographs and began showing them to Micky, asking her if any of these people
had been directly involved in the mass rape she had endured. From the more than
one hundred photographs Micky was able to identify two men, one a touring pro
and the other an official from the golf club that was hosting the particular
tournament in which Micky was participating. It turned out that the official had
been one of the people who had beaten Micky senseless after she had been utterly
ruined by the hours of steady raping interspersed with enemas and other methods
to totally exhaust the youthful prodigy.

	Still not satisfied, Dana began pressing Micky for details of what had
happened to her in that period of time. Micky was either unwilling or unable to
come up with the kind of juicy tid bits that Dana needed to hear, and she became
frustrated to the point that she turned her husband loose on the helpless teen.
However before he began to rape the tawny teen, Steve forced another quart of
the "sports drink" into her as Dana looked on. Micky grimaced and shook her head
from side to side trying to rid her mouth of the burning sensation that the
heavily salted liquid had left behind. Then he forced his thick cock into
Micky's mouth and joked that he was going to cleanse her palate by throat
fucking her. He made good on his threat and within  minutes Micky's gullet was
completely blocked by his long, thick length of meat. She struggled to no avail
and slowly he asphixiated the teen, grinning down at her face and watching those
dark eyes cloud over just before she passed out. He pushed his hips to get even
more of his cock into her throat and held it there while slowly counting to
twenty. It took Micky nearly five minutes to come around so she could once more
be questioned by Dana.

	This time the blonde woman suggested that making Micky relive, in a
sense, a portion of her ordeal might jog her memory sufficiently to allow her to
provide more details of what exactly went on that night. Steve was only too
happy to comply. He mounted Mickey and jammed his stiff cock into her dry cunt
in one vicious thrust, putting his hand around her neck as he did. Then he began
to give her a series of deep, fast and very hard strokes, each one jolting her
entire body as his cock drilled deep into her tight, dry tunnel, touching bottom
with almost every stroke. His hands tightened around her throat and Micky's face
began to darken as he slowly strangled her, all the time delivering one
jackhammer blow after another to her tight pussy. Just seconds before the teen
would have passed out, he released his grip on her throat and while she
struggled to draw air into her burning lungs he began swatting her firm tits
with vicious blows from his open and then closed hands.

	Dana cautioned her husband about leaving bruises on Micky's throat and
so he searched around and came up with the fastener on his robe, a long length
of cloth that proved to be ideal for slowly strangling the tall teen as she was
brutally raped in an effort to make her bring up suppressed memories from the
night she was so terribly tortured by that mob of animals. It took nearly twenty
minutes of almost nonstop battering of her cunt interrupted by twice being
choked unconscious before Micky croaked and gasped out what Dana wanted to hear.
"They gave me enemas!"

	Dana leaned forward, her eyes bright, her breath ragged and prompted the
girl to provide more details. "When did they do that to you? How many times did
you get them? How did it make you feel?"

	Micky began to sob, but a few slaps from Steve brought that to an end.
"I got them first when they got too tired to do me. Then I got them while they
were doing me, that really hurt me bad. They put a plug in me so I had to hold
them for a long time while they did me and laughed when I cried. They started
giving me ones that were real cold or real hot and I was hurting so much I
couldn't even feel it when they were doing me except when the black guys got a
chance to fuck me. They all had big dicks and they seemed to be even happier
about the chance to do me than the white people." Then Micky lapsed into an
almost comatose state and said no more. Dana scribbled furiously on her pad
adding her own thoughts to go along with what the recorder had captured.

	At a nod from his wife, Steve resumed raping the helpless teen, driving
his cock into her like it was a spike. "You did so well that I want you to cum
all over her so I can lick it off her body." He smiled and redoubled his
efforts, his cock flashing in and out of Micky's well stretched cunt like it was
some kind of piston operating a machine. Suddenly he grunted and then let out a
shout of triumph while he pulled his cock from her twat with a loud squishing
pop and began spurting his seed onto her body, leaving a trail of sticky white
semen that began in the hollow of her throat and ran down almost to the top of
her gaping cunt. Dana clapped her hands in glee and began lapping up the feast
that he had left for her.

	While Dana checked the tape to make sure everything had been recorded,
Steve was forcing Micky to consume another rather large portion of the mystery
liquid that by now had begun to give off a telltale odor as it reached room
temperature. The teen was putting up quite a struggle to avoid having to ingest
any more of this horrible concoction. Dana looked up and laughed before letting
Micky know that the "sports drink" she had been downing was a mixture or her and
Steve's urine, collected over two days for just such an occasion. Micky's face
wrinkled up in disgust, which only added to the pair's enjoyment of her
predicament. Then to add even more to her misery, Dana announced that she was
going to invite the Sanyers, and their enema apparatus, over to assist them in
replaying the event that had led to Mickey's premature retirement from
professional golf. The girl was mortified, her father had not warned her about
what was about to happen. She began softly crying at his betrayal.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 11





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While they waited for the Sanyers to arrive, Steve took advantage of the situation and retied Micky into a position that allowed him to have access to her tight back passage way. When he was done, Micky's ankles were pinned behind her ears and anchored to the posts that also held her bound wrists. Her vulva and anus were now totally vulnerable. Dana busied herself with making sure her notes were in order, and most importantly that the unanswered&nbsp; questions she had were listed in the order of their importance to her story. She was however not too busy to make sure that her husband lubed Micky's butt hole before he entered her. "Don't forget to put some of that cream inside our guest's asshole so that huge weapon of yours doesn't tear her apart. You remember what happened to that little girl you did this way last year. We don't want a repetition of that incident here, especially considering not only who she is, but who her father and his new bride are." Steve grinned over at his wife and showed her the dollop of translucent material sitting on his fingertip. Micky grunted as his finger slipped past her sphincter muscle and deposited the cooling material into her rectum. He moved so his long thick cock was inches from the teen's face. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"OK little lady, or should I say tall teenager, how about wrapping that mouth around my joint and get it full sized. I guarantee it will make you feel empowered to have so much hard meat stuck up your tight asshole, and also teach you how to cross your eyes at the same time as they're trying to pop out of their sockets. He gave a little kissing sound as he slipped his cock between Micky's lips and then pressed it forward until it punched against the back of her throat, making her gag. He chuckled and pulled back to let her catch her breath before repeating the process. This time his cock was covered with her saliva when it popped free of her mouth. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It didn't take him long to decide that his guest was ready for his monster dong. The teen let out a loud gasp and then sucked in a lungful of air as the big tool began pushing its way into her rectum, slow inch by slow inch. Steve took his time feeding his hard length of stiff flesh into the teen's tight asshole. Dana stopped reading and leaned forward to watch as her husband penetrated the girl until almost three-quarter of his giant tool was buried between her firm butt cheeks. This was the part she loved watching, when he began to slowly build up a good head of steam, gradually increasing the speed and depth of his thrusts until he was going into the hilt and his partner was beginning to beg for mercy. It was at this point that the Sanyers made their presence known by knocking on the inlaid wooden door to the suite.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana welcomed her guests, observing that they were both carrying tote bags, a very good sign that they had come prepared to do their best to tame Micky. "Steve is in the bedroom introducing himself to our young guest. Would you care to take a look before setting up?" The words were not completely out of her mouth before the middle-aged couple dropped their bags with big smiles on their faces and headed for the master bedroom. Karen let out a cooing sound as she saw was was happening on the bed. Steve's huge cock was nearly completely out from Micky's asshole, only the head captured by her still relatively tight sphincter. He glanced over to the visitors and grinned, just before arching his back and driving the entire length of his cock into the girl's butthole. Micky grunted loudly and expelled what breath was within her body as her tight tube was stretched to its limit by the pistoning battering ram that Steve was using on her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mark let out a&nbsp; whistle and said, "You be careful how you handle this one. She certainly is no virgin when it comes to sucking and fucking. Don't be fooled by how easy she is to fuck. We thought we were dealing with a real submissive type when all of a sudden a switch went off in that tall, tan, fucking machine and Karen and I were hard pressed to survive her. One of these days we're going to have this one over to our place for a week or so and I guarantee when we and our little circle of friends get done with her she'll know how to be respectful to her elders and betters, or she won't be worth spit to anyone of importance." Dana made a mental note to check on the background of the Sanyers; these people were evidently a lot more than she originally thought them to be. There might come a time when they might prove to be of use to her and Steve, especially if the issue involved this beautiful but only partially formed teenager.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana escorted the Sanyers to the large tiled bathroom and watched as they unpacked. Out came a large red rubber enema bag which Karen observed could hold up to nearly three quarts of whatever liquid or combination of liquids that she had at her disposal. Karen casually mentioned that she had been collecting recipes for killer enemas for the past twenty years. It seems that she grew up in a family that was a firm believer in "water power" as they referred&nbsp; to the irrigations that she and her brother received almost daily, always naked with their hands tightly tied behind their backs. She referred laughingly to observing her first ejaculation one day while her brother was receiving a killer hot water enema and their mother manipulated his hard penis until this stuff came shooting out of it. Nearly two years later she was the one having her first orgasm as mom once more did the honors and her brother, sporting a raging erection, stood by in frustration and watched. As she recalls the event, her mother squeezed her brother's balls until he lost his erection. Dana thought to herself that indeed this member of the Sanyers family was definitely the product of a strange upbringing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Mark pulled out two bottles of cheap wine, Dana's eyes opened wide. He and Karen exchanged knowing smiles before he said, "This is truth serum in case you're wondering. In vino veritas; it's Latin for there is truth in wine. Those Romans sure knew what they were talking about. That's how I found out that Karen had the hots for me. I gave her a wine enema one night and kept it in with a butt plug for half an hour so I could play with her goodies. Naturally she had her hands cuffed behind her back so she couldn't do much about it. So there I was sucking on one nipple while I had half my hand up her twat and out of a clear blue sky she upped and proposed to me." The couple shared a loud laugh while a light bulb went on in Dana's head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You two must be mind readers. My interview with our young guest has hit a brick wall, and there are a few loose ends that I'd like to tie up." That brought more laughter from the couple. Finally Karen managed to control herself long enough to observe that Micky looked pretty well tied up to her. Dana joined them in the innocent joke that she had unknowingly made. It turned out that the Sanyers were heavily involved in making sure that Micky satisfied all those concerned. They had been told by Jake of the interview that Karen was planning to conduct, and had been asked to help in this manner in any way they could. He knew that his daughter had been blocking this terrible event from her mind as best she could, but in the long run it would cause her more harm than good until she faced up to exactly what had occurred to her that night.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trio returned to the bedroom to watch Steve finish sodomizing the teenager. Dana saw immediately that her husband had built up a good head of stream and he was really doing his best to turn the teen's colon inside out. His hands were cupped beneath Micky's tight ass cheeks,keeping her steady so he could concentrate on punishing her sore, weakened colon until he flooded it with his load of sperm that felt as if it were nearing the boiling point. Dana hopped up on the bed and settled down beside her sweating husband, her eyes focused on the way his cock was pistoning between the teen's firm cheeks. From the way he was grunting and beginning to pant, it was no more than a minute or two before he'd be spurting like a fire hose inside the sepia skinned beauty. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She leaned closer and put the tip of her tongue into his ear, and then moved it in a slow circle, adding to the pressure that was building in his testicles. "Come in the bitch's mouth, make her swallow every fucking drop! Do it for me!" Her whispered plea penetrated Steve's consciousness, and so about a minute later he let out a savage animal-like roar as he pulled his throbbing cock from the girl's gaping asshole and jammed it into her mouth. He used such force that Micky's cheeks bulged, briefly giving her the look of a foraging rodent carrying acorns off for storage. So great was the amount and force of his ejaculation that ropes of semen spurted from Micky's nostrils as she choked and gagged on the enormous quantity of salty fluid that he blasted into her at point blank range. He remained buried in her throat until Micky's eyes rolled up into her head and she passed out from lack of air.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a pale and very groggy teenager who was dragged into the bathroom. Her hands were tied tightly behind her back and Mark took full advantage of her helpless condition, mauling her pert breasts and squeezing the nipples until she gasped in pain. They had little trouble getting her bent over the edge of the tub, her head mere inches from the porcelain bottom. Karen straddled the teen, pinning her body with her weight and spreading the tan beauty's ass cheeks to their limit while she watched her husband grease up the nozzle. The girl's sphincter had still not totally closed because of the brutal battering it had absorbed from Steve's monster cock. Steve and Dana stood by the door taking it all in. Dana was playing with his spent cock, in a sense congratulating him for the performance he had put on for their guests.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mark grinned at his wife and stabbed the nozzle into Micky's sore rectal passage bringing a scream from her. "That will never do! Someone get me something to stuff into this troublemaker's big mouth so she can't disturb the other guests."&nbsp; Dana produced just what Karen needed, the bottom portion of Micky's bikini bathing suit, still damp and reeking of chlorine. The woman stuffed it into the girl's mouth until she gagged, but it did the job. Now the fun would really begin. The sweet wine that was now being transported into her lower intestines burned its way past her irritated rectal walls as the teen struggled against the terrible pain that ensued.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To add to her misery, Karen smacked the teen's firm butt cheeks again and again, jealous of the way that solid flesh barely quivered. She monitored the enema very carefully, having Mark stop the flow so the girl's asshole had time to swallow every drop of the burning liquid that made her insides feel as if they had burst into flame. While the enema was on hold, Mark amused himself by repeatedly stabbing the nozzle as deep into Mickey's super sore rectum as he could, even twisting and rotating the hard plastic to add to the agony she was experiencing. "I wonder where her on button is located? She sure hasn't turned into that fuck monster we had last night, that's for sure." Karen continued to rain one vicious blow after another on those bouncing buns, but did find the time to respond to her husband's comment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Could be that Steve's big cock took all the fight out of this hot-holed honey. That was some piece of meat her asshole was swallowing, and she took it like a five dollar whore. The next time she's with us I want her to meet Waldo and his brother, Big Leonard. Between those two meat monsters she might just have found enough cock to make her beg for mercy." Then Karen pointed to the gaping asshole and nodded. Mark skewered the teen who almost bucked Karen off her back from the agony that lanced through her lower intestines. He opened the clip and grinned as Micky's body began&nbsp; to absorb more and more of the "truth serum."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana and Steve were most impressed by the smooth way that the enema nozzle was replaced by the butt plug without so much as a drop of the enema spurting from the teen's puckered asshole. Now they would merely wait for her body to absorb the alcohol, a tremendous quantity that would be very quickly moved into Micky's bloodstream and begin to fog her brain. It would be tricky to question the beautiful girl in that narrow window of time between when her lips were loosened and her brain shut down from the tremendous dose of alcohol. Karen estimated that perhaps Micky would be coherent and open to suggestion for somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes. Dana really felt under the gun to make sure that she asked the right questions and in the correct sequence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They placed the teen on the toilet, her legs straddling the bowl. The improvised gag was yanked from her mouth and Dana began the process of interrogating the tall, tan teen. She asked her initial questions over and over in the same tone of voice so as not to intimidate or frighten the girl. "How many men were involved in raping you? Did you recognize any of them?" Micky's eyes just stared off into the distance as if she was in a trance. Occasionally she would sigh or blink, shifting her bare body from side to side. Dana showed no sign of impatience, speaking softly and distinctly to the teenager. Suddenly without any hint, Micky answered in a low voice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There were many men, some were even black. My caddy was one of them and one of the white men was a club official who welcomed me when I came to the tournament. There was a player; we had played a round together the first day of the tournament." The Sanyers began to make comments to each other concerning what the girl said until Steve put his finger to his lips for them to be silent. Dana went to her second set of inquiries and once more received an answer from Mickey.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Where did this take place, in the club house, or somewhere else?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was in another building by the club house. They moved me from one place to another in that building."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did they tie you up? Did you try to struggle?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They tore my clothes off and put handcuffs on me. I tried to stop them, but they were too strong."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What did they do to you?" It was here that Micky lost control and began to cry, her sobs wracking her naked body. Dana reached out and stroked the teen's tear stained face to calm her down. Then she asked the question once more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I was gangbanged, they used that word a lot; in my pussy and my mouth. I was so sore after they did me over and over, laughing and calling me names. They kept moving me around. It was hot then cold or wet, but they kept doing me even when I passed out."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did they do anything else to you?" This question brought on a flood of tears as well and when she answered, the Sanyers looked at each other and smiled evilly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"They kept giving me enemas, big ones! They did me while I had to hold them. They were real cold or so hot I had to cry. I kept passing out, but they kept doing me anyway."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How long did they do these things to you?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"All night at least. Lots of them left after a while, and then it was mostly the caddies doing me, and now they were doing me in the butt too!"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then Dana took a deep breath and asked the sixty-four dollar question. "Did you ever enjoy what was happening to you? Micky Wilson stared off blankly and Dana sighed, thinking that her window of opportunity had just shut. Then she got an amazing answer.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Just before they started beating me with the towels some of the black ones started hitting the right spot inside me and I remember getting real wet and giggling because it was so much fun."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a stunned silence in the tiled bathroom as the quartet of adults mulled over what they had just heard. Then Mark Sanyers broke the&nbsp; silence. "I told you that she turned into something completely different toward the end of our little session. She damned near inhaled me and I felt lucky to get out of it alive. I remember telling her father about it sort of in general terms. It was as if I had accidently thrown a switch inside her and the pussy turned into a tiger!"





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 12





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana had her story thanks to the good offices of the Sanyers. Now it was their turn to be rewarded with access to the tall teenager's body. After voiding the enema, she was taken from the bathroom and returned to the main bedroom for the next round of fun and games. Micky was now almost dead drunk, and easily handled by the adults. However Mark insisted that her hands remain tightly tied behind her back just in case they stirred up the tiger that dwelled somewhere within the girl.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Karen produced her favorite dildo, an elaborately carved piece of polished teak in the shape of some large animal's cock, and while she coated it with oil to make penetrating the sleepy teen easier, her husband introduced his misshapen dick into Micky's mouth and urged her to get busy polishing and making it grow. Dana decided to celebrate her successful interview and out came her dildo, a black rubber piece modeled after one of the more well hung porn stars according to the clerk who sold it to her. After getting the teen comfortably settled on a pair of pillows that elevated her crotch enough to make penetrating her easy, the two women began stretching her tight cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Steve settled down in a chair by the bed and enjoyed the show. Micky was on her back, legs dangling over the shoulders of Karen Sanyers as she drove her teak dildo deep into the teen's yielding fuck tunnel, bringing a grunt every time the wooden cock was thrust into her. Mark was seated on her chest, feeding his cock into her mouth, pushing forward to make it hit the back of the throat, which made her gag even though the alcohol that she had absorbed relaxed her quite a bit. Dana hovered over Karen, eagerly awaiting a chance to use her monster dildo to stretch the girl's cunt even further.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few hours the nearly comatose teen was mercilessly skewered by the dildos wielded by the two women. She also was throat fucked senseless by first Mark, and then a freshly aroused Steve Branley. Micky was so docile that the men next took turns sodomizing her while their wives throat fucked her until she was unable to speak, merely making the most rudimentary sounds to indicate any discomfort. The enema did one thing for her, it made having to suck the men's dicks after they had been deep within her bowels a more palatable exercise. Even when first Karen, then Dana and finally even Mark fisted Micky until their arms grew tired, did they finally admit defeat. The tremendous quantities of alcohol in her system acted as a powerful anesthetic, thwarting their efforts to give her high levels of pain. Dana and Steve finally delivered the totally wasted teen to her suite well past the witching hour. It was a rather annoyed Jake Wilson who accepted what was left of his drunken daughter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky was roused from her slumbers by Janice. The sunlight hurt her eyes and she had a pounding headache. However when she rolled out of bed and got to her feet, the pain associated with the damage that had been done to her cunt and asshole kicked in. Micky doubled over in agony, clutching her crotch and fighting the urge to vomit. Janice stood there taking in all of this and nodding her head sympathetically. It was obvious from the girl's scarlet, swollen vulva and her still gaping anus, that she had been used cruelly by the quartet of adults. She also could not fail to notice that the tan teenager was having a very difficult time making any type of sound, let alone being able to speak. The thought of the girl still having to face the third and final couple this very day flashed through her mind and she wondered how this could possibly happen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If I were you I'd take a shower and then eat as much as I could to get through today. We had a nice long chat yesterday by the pool with the Jensons and they can hardly wait to get their hands on you. You should have seen Ben Jenson's eyes nearly popping out of his head as Brenda described all of the interesting things that would be taking place once they got you up to their suite. I'll tell you this much, you'll remember the Jensons long after you've forgotten all about the Sanyers and the&nbsp; Branleys; that's how freaky this little get- together is going to be." Janice's comments and hints made Micky want to find some place to hide. Her stomach knotted further when Janice held up a skimpy two piece bikini that was a gift from the Jensons, and announced that they expected her to show it off before joining them in their suite. Micky was beside herself with apprehension concerning the terrors that awaited her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To her credit Micky put in an appearance promptly at noon as requested by Brenda&nbsp; Jenson, who awaited the teen by the edge of the pool. Her large enhanced breasts glistened in their oil coated glory, and her plump vulva was doing everything but coming free of the bikini bottom that was being strained to the limit. She glanced over to Micky and let out a low wolf whistle in appreciation of what the tall, lithe teenager was exposing. "Damn that looks even better than I thought it would!" Brenda exclaimed, her eyes running from Micky's bulging crotch to her nearly exposed breasts. "It's too bad that horndog of a husband of mine is all tied up at present. When he sees you in this, I guarantee you'll be taking it off in no time flat so he can get at all those nice rounded parts of that tall, tan body. Why don't you do some laps so I can see how the fabric holds up under some strain?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky recognized that Brenda wasn't making a suggestion, she was giving an order. The girl thought it rather strange that there was no one else out by the pool on&nbsp; such a hot day. Then she approached the edge of the pool and in one smooth graceful motion her body cleanly broke the surface of the water and began gliding toward the other end of the pool. She made a turn and began cutting through the water on her return lap. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Somewhere between the beginning and end of her smooth stroke the top portion of her bikini separated and was left in her wake. Micky was about to break her rhythm when Brenda called out for her to keep going. Three strokes later she was naked as the thin strings holding the tiny cache' sex parted. By now Brenda was on her feet and standing beside the pool to get a good look at this naked naiad moving smoothly from one end to the other. Micky knew that what had just happened was no accident, but was powerless to protect herself from the gaze of this dynamic, strong willed woman who was definitely calling the shots. By the time she completed the next lap Brenda was waiting for her with a fluffy robe in her hands. With one smooth, powerful move Micky Wilson broke the surface and catapulted herself up onto the side of the pool, causing Brenda to move backward in surprise at how quickly she had performed this feat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As Micky and Brenda headed for her suite, the woman could not help patting the girl on the butt and rubbing her body through the terry cloth fabric that covered her nakedness. "To hell with Ben, I want you! Which would you rather have, a nasty cock up your tight butthole or my tongue slithering hither and yon inside that hot wet pussy I've heard so much about?"&nbsp; When the shocked teen kept silent, Brenda pinched her bottom and hissed, "Have it your way then, my husband's hard cock in that tight asshole while I wait for sloppy seconds with my Big Bertha dildo guaranteed to turn the toughest asshole into mush within twenty minutes." Micky gulped and shivered at the prospect of having another pair of adults ruining what was left of her asshole and cunt. Brenda had turned into a block of ice and Micky berated herself for not being honest with her. Of course she'd love to have Brenda eating her pussy and making it all wet and juicy! What female in her right mind would chose being sodomized by some brutish male instead of being eaten by a lovely, knowing woman?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two entered the suite and headed for the bedroom. "We've got company. Hope you're decent." Brenda called. They crossed the threshold and Micky got a huge surprise that took her breath away. There on the bed, his wrists and ankles tied to the posts was a naked Ben Jenson with a penis gag in his mouth and sporting an erection that must have been painful seeing as his dick had turned a deep shade of purple and was fitted with a cock ring that almost disappeared into the swollen flesh of his penis. All the teen could do was gawk while Brenda burst into peals of laughter. "Got you this time my naive young lady. It's my husband's turn in the barrel. We both like to walk on both sides of the street. He lost the coin flip for today, or else that would be me trussed up like a Christmas turkey waiting for you to come and drive me nuts with that fantastic form. Lose the robe and let hubby see the goodies he isn't going to be getting today."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In less time than it takes to tell, Micky's&nbsp; pussy had replaced the penis gag and&nbsp; was getting a very enthusiastic tongue lashing from Ben, who acted like he'd found manna from heaven. Meanwhile Brenda had brought out a bullet shaped vibrator and after lubing it, she'd worked the device up into her husband's asshole and moved it around until his stiff purple cock started to twitch. " Nothing like a prostate massage to get that tongue of his into turbo mode. Hope you enjoy the ride, I know I do." All Micky could do was gasp with pleasure as her pussy was triple tongued by this old satyr who really knew how to get a young girl's juices flowing. Her first orgasm left Ben Jenson's face looking like a glazed doughnut.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brenda cackled and kicked the vibrator up a notch. "His prostate is the size of an Idaho potato and the doctor has him on some kind of medication to keep it from growing any larger. I think that's funny since the good doctor has his dick up Ben's asshole every chance he can get. It turns out my dear husband walks on both sides of the street. It's amazing he can remember his own name some times. I could tell you stories you wouldn't believe. Maybe later while he's resting up from his third or fourth ejaculation, I'll tell you what happened on his last birthday when I hired a dominatrix and a transsexual to entertain him."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next hour Micky and Brenda swapped places every twenty minutes or so to share the wealth of Ben's super tongue. Brenda seemed to enjoy rimming more than pussy eating, but Micky was just the opposite, only offering her tight asshole to the man once and moving it out of range after about fifteen minutes of noisy sucking and kissing that left her tense rather than relaxed. They made sure that the vibrator was constantly stimulating his swollen prostate. By the end of an hour his cock was acting like a tuning fork, twitching so rapidly that Brenda finally took pity on him and released the cock ring just enough to allow Micky to get him off by rubbing his steel bar of a cock against her hard nippled breasts. He groaned and splashed a man-sized load of boiling cum across her chest, bringing a whoop from his wife and a giggle from the tawny teenager. After tightening his cock ring to keep his member stiff and ready for any activity they could dream up for it to do, Brenda scooped the cum from Micky's breasts and fed it to her husband who vacuumed her fingers dry. Then Micky leaned over and let him finish the job of cleaning up the mess he'd made on her chest. She made sure he got into every nook and cranny and by the time he was done, her upper torso was glistening with his saliva.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky suddenly discovered that she was thirsty, very thirsty in fact. Brenda was not surprised considering what the girl had been through during the last few days. Soon the teen was downing a pitcher of cool water with a splash of lemon for flavor. Ben on the other hand was tonguing hs wife's puckered asshole with gusto as she wiggled it over and back across his face. She glanced over to Micky with a mischievous grin and suggested that Ben give the girl a nice refreshing tongue bath, starting at the soles of her feet and continuing up her long, lean body until either his tongue wore out or he reached her eyebrows. "If you're a good boy I'll get you off when you arrive at her asshole, provided you do a better job on it this time." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brenda's words got his cock twitching once more and Micky got comfortable and presented her foot for his attention. Ben was an expert at foot sucking and after licking every square inch of her foot, he sucked her toes until they were shiny slick, making sure to get between them and ferret out any minor bits of uninvited material that might have accumulated there in the past hour or so. The teen luxuriated in the relaxing stimulation that her smooth skin received from this man's tongue. He never failed to find every little place that held something unwanted or responded in some very surprising way to his probing tongue. When he finally arrived at her swollen lipped cunt, she was ready for another big orgasm and he delivered in spades. Micky thought the top of her head had been unzipped to relieve all the pressure that had been building up in her teenage body. She just let herself go and as a result Ben and Brenda got to witness something they'd heard about, but never actually seen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen grunted a few times and then a powerful spray of translucent fluid spurted from between her blood engorged cunt lips and blasted Ben square in the face. He was so taken aback that the second splash got into his mouth and made him choke. Brenda let out a squeal when she misinterpreted what was coming from Micky. Then when she saw that her husband wasn't reacting the way he normally did when she or one of her girlfriends gave him a golden shower, Brenda realized she was seeing a squirter in full display of her mysterious power. She sat there, open mouthed and watched one shower after another of this sticky shimmering liquid flood out onto her husband's smiling face. This teenager had powers that were unlike any possessed by her peers. Brenda felt herself getting very wet and very hot to have a piece of this lovely visitor from some other plane of existence. It was then that Juanita blew in like a tropical storm.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her loud outcries broke the mood for them all; Micky did her best to try to conceal her nakedness from this stranger, while the Jensons smiled in welcome. It was Brenda who did the introductions, making sure that Juanita understood that Micky was a paying guest and was to be treated with respect, unless she asked for something different. That latter remark brought gales of laughter from Ben. It seems that Juanita had been avidly assisting both of them during their stay, dominating whoever was the submissive one that day. Both had felt her wrath and also enjoyed her fast tongue and perpetually juicing cunt. Juanita nodded in Micky's direction and began to shuck off her clothing to reveal a set of tits that must have been doubleDs and a hairy pussy that looked as if it had never seen a razor. To say that Juanita was a big woman would have been an understatement. The word voluptuous, or even more precisely junoesque or rubenesque would come very close to describing her figure. Even though Micky towered over this woman, her figure in contrast made the teenager seem to be made from matchsticks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Juanita came over to the bed and grabbed Ben's balls and squeezed them until his eyes almost jumped from his head. "She too good for you, only Juanita know what to do to rat bastard like you." Brenda had to stifle a laugh at this comment. Micky just sat there with her eyes wide and said nothing. The big woman loosened his cock ring and crooned as his dick twitched and jerked from the blood circulation that was now being restored. Then she bent over and inhaled his entire cock into her mouth without even taking a breath before performing this trick. Ben gave a little moan and then she released it from her mouth. Its entire length was covered with her saliva bringing a gasp of astonishment from Brenda and Micky.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You take pills I give you? Two make you hard for four hours; Jaunita fuck you up good before you take more pills to keep that pecker stiff so she can fuck you a whole lot more." Brenda's face lit up with a smile and she beckoned to Micky to come join her. The tall, sepia skinned beauty padded over to her and they exited the room, leaving Ben Jenson to the tender mercies of the woman, who turned out to be one of the housekeepers employed by the resort at which they were staying. Whether or not management was aware of what she did in her spare time was moot as far as the happy customers she serviced were concerned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; As for what happened when Brenda and Micky found a little privacy will remain a secret between them. It should be mentioned in passing that it was a very happy and contented Micky Wilson who left the honeymoon resort with Jake and Janice, now ready to start or perhaps restart her life as one of the rising stars of professional golf. The next few months would prove to be extremely challenging both professionally and personally as Micky made new alliances and learned that there was more to golf than just hitting 300 yard drives from the tee, and it was imperative to have the kind of teaching pro that taught more than just golf.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 13

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky was back home no more than two days when Janice informed her that Mrs. Worthington-Wentworth would like to see her the next morning for a little brunch and an offer that she dare not refuse. Her stepmother would say no more on the subject and so the teen spent most of the remainder of the time speculating about what this offer might be. She assumed that it must have something to do with her return to the ladies golf tour, but Micky was painfully aware that it would take a great deal of time and energy for her to even begin to approach where she had been when her career had abruptly ended.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Jake who drove Micky to her meeting, warning his daughter that things would go very badly for her if she did anything to alienate this powerful patron of the arts. It was a very tense and slightly fearful teenager who was admitted to the Wentworth residence, and proceeded to followed the tall, thin servant who had opened the front door and welcomed her. Soon she was ushered into the presence of Grace Worthington-Wentworth who was seated at a large wooden desk, going over a stack of what proved to be invitations to her charity golf tournament.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The gray haired woman was wearing a peignoir, its sheer, peach tinged material revealing rather than concealing her surprisingly firm and shapely breasts, another miracle of the&nbsp; surgical arts. She looked up and gave Micky a warm smile, nodding in the direction of a comfortable chair that was located to the side of the large mahogany desk that seemed to radiate a power of its own.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You will have to forgive me for a few moments my dear. I'm going over the invitation list to my annual charity golf tournament. Although it's still many months away, it is necessary to get ones ducks in a row to be sure that the creme de la creme of the ladies professional golf world and a few of the rising amateur stars&nbsp; are committed to appearing in this charity event. This is one of the reasons for my asking you to visit me today, so soon after returning from your holiday."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky was taken aback that Mrs Grace Worthington-Wentworth, society leader, patron of the arts and the power behind many of the organizations that made sure that the city functioned as it should, would also know such details as where the teen had spent her time. Then it became apparent that the source of this information was probably the Sanyers. She wondered just how much of what occurred between them was now known by this powerful woman seated only a few feet from her. The teen did her best to appear as if nothing was amiss, and watched as the stack of invitations were carefully separated into two groups. Grace picked out a few from one stack and looked up at the girl.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm sure you are well aware that Nordica Nordstrom, also known to many on the tour as the "Ice Queen", currently is the uncontested ruler of the ladies professional tour with very little prospect of a challenger coming from the ranks any time soon. Still in all, she will happily accept my invitation to participate in this tournament without any discussion of appearance money. Then there is Holly Kramer, the new sex symbol for the LPGA, and an excellent young golfer I might add. She will be delighted to accept my invitation for a number of reasons. I'll not go into the details. Finally no tournament would be worth the name without at least three or more of the Pak clan in attendance. I am not sure about all the relationships between the various Paks, but I do know that Grace is the clan mother or whatever they call her when they are off the course. We Graces must stick together and so she and I will independently decide which of the many Paks makes an appearance. Now to make my plan complete I am going to invite you to play, although you are in some respects considered almost a traitor to the ladies due to your previous desire to ignore them and attempt to compete on an equal footing with the men. I hope you now realize just how foolish and downright dangerous that might have been for your career."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky felt her chest constrict as if a cold hand had encircled it. She hadn't picked up a club in over two years. How did this woman expect her to compete with the leading players on the LPGA tour in such a short time? Who was available to begin working with her? Worse yet, how would she handle the built in animosity that obviously existed toward her? Her hands began to shake as more and more questions that she could not answer flashed through her head. It took her some time to realize that her hostess had moved so that she was within touching distance of her. For some reason she relaxed the moment Grace's hand made contact with her. However after she absorbed all that her patron was planning for her, her fears returned, although somewhat muted this time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't be such a ninny! You are a young lady gifted with physical grace and beauty and immense talent when it comes to the game of golf. This is obvious or I would not be spending so much as a minute talking to you about this opportunity. Now I want you to take a deep breath and join me for a spot of brunch which is waiting for us near by.&nbsp; It may well prove to be the last time for many months to come that you will be able to experience food for the sheer taste and texture of it. Once you leave this house you will be under a strict discipline when it comes to what you eat, how much you sleep, even I dare say who you can sleep with and what you can or cannot do with your partner under such circumstances. You will be poked and prodded by doctors, trained by one of the best teachers of your sport and every waking hour will be scheduled to optimize your progress. If all goes as planned, you will make a huge splash at my tournament and in one fell swoop establish yourself as a force to be reckoned with at any women's event. If instead you fail, there is always the boutique. Veronica still raves about you and would give plenty to once again have you in her clutches so to speak."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Brunch was not exactly what Micky needed at this point, but she did her best to avoid insulting Grace's hospitality. They made small talk which soon focused on what seemed to be dominating the teen's life these days, sex. Her hostess made the observation that trying to stay slim and shapely as one aged was a daunting task. To illustrate her concern she stood in the sunshine streaming into the room, effectively making her peignoir vanish. Micky could do nothing but stare, open mouthed, at the flesh now fully displayed. From there the conversation became even more personal. It seemed that Grace's youthful paramour, Chelsea, had been caught straying from her duties to her benefactor and was currently being taught a very painful lesson by of all people, the Sanyers, ably assisted by Grace's good friend, Tanja, who Micky remembered only too well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Youth is so ephemeral and yet so desireable. Those gifted to have it usually cannot appreciate what it means and how soon it begins to pale. Such is the case with my dear Chelsea. I am so very tempted to pay them a visit to see how she is faring, but that would not be de rigeuer, and so I must sit and wait for her to return, hopefully inocuated against the crueler aspects of this malady that has struck her. This is her second, and of necessity, last offense. The spanking is now a beating, water is now steam and ice, six of the best is but a prelude to what follows this time. Upon her return the first time she could not sit for a day or two.I am told this time she will take to her bed for perhaps a week before regaining her strength." Micky could do nothing but shudder in sympathy for the girl and once more relive the highlights of that horrible evening which had now been brought to the surface again by the probings of Dana Branley.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky had much to think about as she was driven back to her home in Grace's limo. Her hostess had been rather cryptic concerning her new teacher, only stating that Micky's father knew the person quite well and would take her out to make the introductions. After that, Micky's future as far as golf was concerned, would be in this person's hands. Things were happening at a rate that was breathtaking. The charity golf tournament was only three months away and as it stood, she was concerned her prospects for meeting Grace's expectations were remote. One other thing was troubling the teenager as well, and that had to do with her personal relationship with the doyen of city society. She wondered why her hostess had discussed certain subjects that normally would not be addressed to one who was not in a very close personal relationship. Was it possible that Mrs. Worthington-Wentworth was auditioning her to replace the mysterious Chelsea as her youthful lover? That was something that Micky could not and would not deal with until other matters were resolved.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen had spent a restless night, her sleep interrupted numerous times as she tossed and turned, her mind running hither and yon and getting exactly nowhere. After picking at her breakfast and preparing herself to meet her new teacher, Micky and her father left the house and began the long drive to meet this mysterious person. On the way over Jake recounted some of his knowledge about Micky's new teaching pro.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're going to be taught the game by one of the greats of ladies golf, but few people can tell you much about her. She's in her sixties by now and I still think she could make the cut about half the time on the current ladies tour. She's nearly as tall as you are, but probably has you by at least one hundred and twenty pounds based on the last time I saw her, which was a few years ago. She's a mixture of Hawaiian and Samoan, and has an unpronounceable first name. To those who know her well she's just Pong, some other fools refer to her as Ping. God help you if you ever use that moniker to address her. She'll turn you inside out before she bites your head off.&nbsp; You will always address her as Ms Pong; that little courtesy will keep you from some rather dire consequences."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"In her day when anyone who wasn't white was unwelcome, she played on the fringes and as her reputation grew she picked up a following. You are a big hitter, that's your main gift. Pong can still hit over two hundred from the tee and at her peak she'd have outdriven you by thirty yards. However as you shall discover if you survive her rather unique method of teaching, there is much more to golf than hitting the ball far, even if it's straight as well. Real golf starts after your tee shot, and most of it is mental. That is what separates Nordica Nordstrom and Grace Pak from their peers. Those two play with their brains and have the killer instinct. Ms Pong in her heyday would have beaten both of them most days and on most courses. In truth she could have played with the men and given plenty of them grief."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Pong's teaching methods are unorthodox, extremely unorthodox. However those who stay with her odd demands and arcane exercises leave with their game and their view on life much improved. Many will argue that their outlook on all things has been changed to the point that success in only one thing is unthinkable. One of her pupils from Japan considers her to be a Zen master, the highest compliment that she could pay her teacher.&nbsp; Although she is no longer playing golf professionally, having retired to become the managing director of a billion dollar corporation that does business on the Pacific rim, she makes an annual pilgrimage to the site where she discovered what she was capable of becoming. There she spends a week carrying Pong's clubs and doing all the little things that a servant does for one's master. She is not the only one who makes this visit. I would like to believe that one day you too will honor her efforts on your behalf in a similar fashion."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"There are many rumors concerning Pong's sexual preferences. They range from the extreme to the mundane. Those who were found lacking are some of her strongest detractors, and yet some speak of her as almost a saint even though they too failed. You'll have to make up your own mind on her, which is as it should be. I guess the best way to sum up everything you need to understand is as follows. If she tells you to stand on your head and sing a song while you are getting ready to try a long putt, do it! Whatever you do, don't ask, just do it! It will all become understandable when the process of changing you is complete. I cannot help you anymore than that." The rest of the trip was made in silence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky was taken aback when they arrived at their destination. They were well outside of the city limits in an area that was mostly commercial. Sandwiched by two sprawling sets of concrete cubes sat a ramshackle house located in a hollow of land that almost looked to be a swamp. The only entry way was a narrow dirt road that terminated at a fence, its top portion covered by razor wire. Jake beeped the horn in a pattern that he repeated twice, then smiled and sat back waiting for someone to let them inside the compound that at first glance looked more like a junk yard. The teen did not know what to make of this place. It certainly did not have the trappings of a golfing school, of that she was sure. When she asked her father who would be picking her up after her lesson, he laughed before replying.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm pretty sure it will be me. However that won't be happening for a number of months unless you flunk out. If that happens, perhaps you won't want to see me, since I'll be mighty upset. The&nbsp; best you can hope for then is that I'll let you ride in the trunk while I drive you over to see Mrs. Worthington-Wentworth to explain why you let her down. Then I imagine I won't see you again until after your session with her friend Tanja, who by the way is a professional dominatrix. That may make what you experienced a few years ago pale in comparison."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky sat there in stunned silence. What kind of a school was this? She had no clubs, nothing to wear, not even a pair of golf shoes. To the teenager it looked more like some kind of prison, not an environment that would assist her to regain that lost proficiency in a sport that she had ceased playing over two years ago. Her reverie mixed with discomfort was broken by the appearance of a young male, probably a year or two older than her, who unlocked the gate and waited for Jake to deliver Pong's latest student into his custody. As she followed him to wherever they were going, Micky turned her head just long enough to watch her father's car negotiating the narrow road on its way back to civilization.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took them nearly ten minutes at a brisk pace to finally reach their destination, a patch of dusty earth with a single tee. There were four buckets of golf balls next to it. The guide told her to wait here and sauntered off, leaving Micky alone with her thoughts. The teen lost track of time as she stood out in the sun and waited for whoever would take her in hand. Micky was startled by the deep voice that announced the presence of Ms Pong. She turned quickly and confronted a mountain of a woman carrying a nondescript golf bag from which protruded the heads of a number of drivers. She was stunned by what the woman said, but quickly recalled what her father had told her, do whatever it was that she wanted done.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Remove your clothing so I can get a look at you." Micky complied immediately. There was something in this person's voice that radiated authority and power. "Your shoes as well, they'll not be needed. Good, now turn slowly&nbsp; with your arms extended away from your body.I said slowly......Long and lean, I can work with what you have. You'll need to turn some of that flesh into muscle, but that can easily be accomplished. Now pick one of these clubs from the bag and let me see your swing." Lesson number one was about to begin.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 14



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky carefully walked over to the bag and withdrew three clubs, amazed to discover they were the latest thing in drivers, graphite or stainless steel shafts with titanium and even more exotic metal club heads. Things had continued to change dramatically since she last played. Pong watched her pupil handle each club and could not resist chiding the girl over her reaction to what was contained in the old worn bag.



  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Golf is a mental game but it's played with modern tools by the best practioners." 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These few words, plus the high -tech clubs, totally convinced the teen that she was in the presence of a special person. Still she took her time before finally selecting a driver that felt comfortable in her hand. Her teacher was silent until she knew that Micky was satisfied. Pong stood beside the tall girl who was one of the few students that could look her directly in the eye without tilting her head back ever so slightly, and pointed to a red flag that was stuck into some type of depression a good distance away. Micky estimated that it was at least two fifty, perhaps a little more, when she was asked by the heavy set woman who seemed to be blotting out the sun with her bulk and aura of power. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Satisfied with her reply Pong stepped back and told her to begin hitting the first bucket of balls so she could assess the teen's swing and overall form. The first few attempts felt strange as Micky tried to make her muscles remember what to do when she struck the ball. Those early shots were sprayed hither and yon, only one landing in the vicinity of the flag. Micky felt a twinge of insecurity, perhaps even panic as she realized that her body was not obeying her mind to the same degree that it once did. At this point Pong called a halt to her efforts. Micky cringed when she stated that her time might be better spent with other pupils, since the teen's swing was not in harmony with her body. She promised to send someone over to supervise the girl for the rest of the session, and instructed her to wait until that person was available.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Micky waited for this person she went over what had happened and concluded that she was her own worse enemy. How could she expect to pick up a club and be the same as she was at the height of her powers two years ago? On the other hand she had buckled quickly to her teacher, not a good sign. Micky had learned one thing in her previous life as a golfer, internal strength and confidence were required first and foremost. She seemed to have already forgotten this principle. Rather than waste her time feeling sorry for herself she resolved to immediately start bringing her body back into harmony. This meant trading accuracy for distance, gauging with each new shot what adjustments she had to make in the way she gripped the club and took her swing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was so deep in thought that when the voice of her overseer intruded into her near trance she snapped to attention and fought to control her breathing. Here she was out in the sun without a stitch of clothing and it was a male who would be supervising her for the rest of the session. He was the same young man who had escorted her to this place. She could not help but notice that his eyes were crawling up and down her bare body and his tongue occasionally licked his lips. When he spoke again, she knew she had a new challenge to deal with.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You should really be something once you fill out. Of course having a nice set of tits may get in the way of winning the big bucks, but then again, landing a rich husband could easily compensate for the loss of golf earnings. I'm stuck with watching you hit golf balls for the rest of the day, so I might as well make the most of it and enjoy the view. Don't worry I won't try anything, that is unless you want me too. Some of the chicks rather like the service I provide. I'm sure Pong would wring their necks if she found out, but so far, so good. Oh, just so you know, my name is Malu and I'm sort of related to Pong, so don't give me a hard time unless you want one even harder in return. Now show me what you have and I do mean everything."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took Micky about ten drives before she calmed herself down sufficiently to begin thinking about what she was doing. For a brief moment or two she got into a groove, not thinking about what she was doing, just letting her muscles take over the task of making those golf balls fly straight and far. Suddenly in the middle of her back swing she was struck by a pebble and the ball went well off target. Infuriated she turned towards Malu who stood his ground and pointed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Go back to what you were doing, and stop acting like a spoiled child everytime something happens that you weren't prepared for. You have a long way to go if a little pebble can cause you to lose control like that. Now go back to what you were doing and I'll go back to doing what I do."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teen was so flustered that it was as if she had never picked up a club in her life. Shot after shot went awry, and her form totally collapsed. Mercifully the four buckets were soon empty, and she finally stopped and stood there breathing rapidly as if she had just run five miles. A smirking Malu approached her to add more misery to what had been a daunting experience. She made no move as he reached out and tweaked her nipples. His eyes widened a bit at her lack of reaction, so he twisted them sharply until she gasped from the pain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"How interesting that I can maul you a bit and you act as if I'm not here, yet a pebble against your behind turns you into a mound of blubbering little girl. Right now you are on the edge, one more step and its over you go. I'm sure you're father will be delighted to drive back and take you home with him. I'l bet he beats you bloody and who knows, possibly he might turn you out. You are one good looking girl, and I'm sure there are plenty of perverts who would pay plenty to get their hands on and their cocks into you. Personally I'd be very disappointed if you failed this soon, since I know that you and I can do some good things together beside improve your golf game, which I might add, needs plenty of work. Now you have exactly eleven minutes to retrieve two buckets of balls, twenty-five in each, and return them to me for counting."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Covering the distance from tee to flag at a rapid pace was a bit more strenuous than she realized, and the lack of grass, which would have cushioned her feet, made taking each step an adventure that she had not anticipated. Nonetheless she reached the flag and discovered that it marked an indentation in the earth that was at least twenty feet across. Within this area she was able to nearly fill both buckets. It was a simple matter to retrace her steps and cherry pick the remaining balls necessary to fill the other bucket, arriving at the tee with minutes to spare. Malu made a production of checking his watch to determine her time and then carefully counting each ball from both containers. Then he gave her a grin that was more nasty than friendly. Micky waited for whatever he had in store for her next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"For this portion of your challenge I want you to bring me the other two buckets, each with twenty-five balls. I will be more generous with the time you are allowed, since the remaining balls are rather spread out due to your inability to remain focused on your initial task. This time you will have fifteen minutes to accomplish the task. I do expect you to fail miserably and therefore pay a penalty that will be as follows. For each extra minute or fraction thereof that you take, a rather intimate area of your body will receive one swat from me using this belt which has been used on over a hundred pupils in the time I have occupied this menial position for my dear relative, Pong. In addition, for each missing golf ball you will receive a additional swat on your hindquarters. I will now allow you to take the next five minutes to rest and plan your strategy for meeting the objectives of your assignment."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now the sun and her activities had taken their toll; the teenager was becoming quite thirsty and worse still she was feeling the effects of the first part of her assignment from Malu. Micky tried to focus on her approach to meeting the youth's challenge. She kicked herself for not taking advantage of the extra time she had, rather than squandering it. In retrospect it would have been far wiser to spend that time unearthing balls that were more widely distributed. For the first time since she had arrived at this strange place she began to understand the meaning of some of these very odd assignments she had been given. She also had to admit that there was more to Malu than she had first thought, another serious error that would have to be rectified.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twenty minutes after she had been sent out for the second time, Micky returned with what turned out to be twenty-three golf balls, a showing that made Malu's eyes dance. He made a big production of counting each ball, acting as if he was searching for a way to further disqualify those she had collected. All the teen could do was stand there, chest heaving from the amount of exertion she had applied to the challenge. Finally her overseer, she could not bring herself to think of him as a teacher, grunted and looked toward her. It was then that the girl decided that he would not further humiliate her, since it was not productive. She had been sent here to learn and develop, not to be the foil for some childish youth's antics. Micky glared back at him, bringing even more life to his dancing eyes and chiseled mahogany features.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Minutes later Micky had assumed the position for her chastisement. Malu had taken as much advantage of her as he possibly could, using his hands to pinch, poke and even&nbsp; fondle portions of her sweaty, naked body. Initially he had kicked her legs apart until they were spread to the point that their muscles and tendons were stretched to the limits. Then he manipulated her, taking advantage of her position to maul her hanging breasts, so that she was bent at the waist with her arms outstretched to the sides, the palms of her hands acting as support platforms for her straining body. Micky felt constrained and had to fight off the urge to hyperventilate. Instead she tried to blot out everything except her breathing and focus her mind on the events that had taken place and how she could have enhanced her chances to avoid this embarrassing and most uncomfortable position in which she found herself. Micky's quiet world was briefly shattered by the sudden entry of a number of Malu's fingers into her bone-dry cunt. They were there for but a few seconds and then withdrawn. She nearly lost her balance from this unexpected foray into her most intimate region, but refused to buckle to her assailant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You're a tough one; many of my former pupils proved to be very wet as they waited for the strap, and got even wetter afterward. Then again there were some who were dry holes like you and then became gushers once the leather unlocked their deep seated inhibitions. We shall soon see who you are. Now remember that after each blow I want to hear you clearly say "Thank you master for your help in showing me who I really am." That does two things, it takes your mind off what is to come and it makes you think about what you may have learned this day. First things first, five of the best for being late.Many of the ladies have taken upwards of thirty for this offense, showing that they had learned little from their first lesson. However even one for being late is too many, so don't let pride impede your progress in understanding your weaknesses. Naturally failure to hold this position will cause a more draconian punishment to follow on the heels of these little love taps."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Malu's vocabulary belied the original thought of Micky that he was just an uneducated lump of a person employed in some menial capacity. Further thoughts on that subject were rudely shelved as the first kiss from his strap exploded on the region joining her leg and pelvis. The pain was sharp and lasted far longer than the teen expected. She grunted and her buttocks moved from side to side as if she was trying to shake off the pain that still radiated from the point of impact. Another quickly followed, splitting the lips of her cunt like they were ripe fruit.&nbsp; It now dawned on her that she had not made any response to either of the blows. For a moment she panicked and her mind went blank. A third strike to her upper thigh caught her unprepared and she cried out. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"So, you have learned nothing today; I am insulted. On your knees you silly goose, clasp your hands behind your neck and throw out your chest to offer those budding bumps to my strap. Then after I have elevated your consciousness we will start over with your original punishment."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky was experiencing a mixture of fear and anger at herself for failing such a simple instruction. She felt humiliated, small, and strangely enough sexually excited. She silently prayed that he would not discover that she was indeed wet after having taken only a few kisses from the strap. What would she be like after he took that length of leather to her breasts and worse still, went back to the original punishment that was to follow. She closed her eyes as he entered her field of vision, the leather strap wrapped tightly around his right hand. The teen heard the hiss of the strap as it sped through the air to explode across the upper portion of her right breast; the pain was terrible. This would not be anything she wanted to endure ever again.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sepia skinned teenager kept her eyes tightly shut as Malu used his strap with cruel efficiency, moving it from one slowly swelling breast to the other. Micky tried to blot out the pain from her mind by concentrating on her golf swing, something she felt was within her powers to control. Malu must have noticed the change in his pupil as he continued to punish those firm mounds of flesh, watching them momentarily change as the leather ate into them and then quickly rebounding to their original shape, albeit a slightly larger one due to the swelling his strap was creating. He leaned forward until his face was inches away from the girl who still had her eyes tightly shut.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I want you to open your eyes and focus them on your nipples which have enlarged and grown quite stiff from the kisses from my strap. My guess is that if I stuck my finger inside you right about now your greedy cunt would swallow it as well as the rest of my hand. That will never do, so I'm going to whip the stiffness from those impudent protrusions before making you assume the position so I can whip you properly. Oh, by the way, we'll start at zero once more and you'll get ten not five this time unless you wish to be stubborn and forget about thanking me for my efforts. This is tiring work and I hope that you will demonstrate by your conduct in the future that you truly appreciate my efforts on your behalf. Now keep your eyes fixed on those sassy nipples and watch me tame them."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Micky did as she was instructed and watched, with growing sexual excitement, as her swollen nipples were flattened repeatedly by the strap so effectively wielded by her master, Malu. Malu couldn't help noticing that his pupil was beginning to chew on her lips, especially after a particularly vicious hit, but she held her position and in fact actually seemed to be leaning forward to meet each blow. Suddenly he stopped whipping those raw red nubbins and asked her what the count was. He was astonished when she provided the correct answer and added the word "master" to her reply. This one was a cut above average, at least she learned quickly and he could almost smell her sexual excitement, which was a bonus that he normally didn't receive from one so physically attractive. He made every effort to mask his feelings, telling Micky that she was halfway through this round of discipline, and after a brief rest she would take her original punishment plus the penalty he had added for her lack of obedience.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He put a little extra muscle into the final portion of her whipping, his strap biting into those fat nubbins of red flesh, bringing gasps and grunts from the girl. She continued to throw her chest out to make sure that there was plenty of tit flesh available for him to target. Malu was amazed to discover that he could hit her nipples exactly where he was aiming, almost as if he was in some kind of zone that many professional athletes claim exists. He was so engrossed in this observation that he nearly exceeded the number of lashes she was to receive. He barely caught himself and thanked the gods for not letting his wandering mind bring embarrassment down on his own head.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Missing the Cut -Chapter 15

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was very little need for him to place his hands on Micky to properly position her body for the next phase of her punishment. He accepted the fact that the two of them understood their roles in this endeavor. Her whipping was anticlimactic; his strap always found the right spot, sometimes requiring that she make some slight adjustment to her posture in advance, without being prompted, so that his aim was true. Malu accepted their relationship and made the most of it. He managed to lay his strap dead center between her swollen cunt lips on four different occasions. The other six blows also found the precise area of her body that he was targeting. In truth when this part of her punishment was concluded, he was able to smell her secretions, brought on by the pain and something else, that was for sure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He laid the leather to her buttocks with vigorous strokes, first leaving a set of six welts running from top to bottom on each firm globe. The sound that was produced could only come from youthful flesh, well toned and properly stretched due to her stance. He paused to let the pain sink into her mind as well as her body. He had noticed that her mantra was becoming a bit ragged, the words still being said, but the stress was beginning to subtly change. Perhaps it was the rhythm of his belt that was causing this slight variation on which words were being stressed. "Master" was still slightly louder than the other words, but "me" and "I" were approaching it in volume and tone. This one was going to be very challenging, but the rewards she appeared capable of offering would make it all well worth his time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next flurry of blows caught her slightly unprepared, bringing a smile to Malu's face. He slowed his pace and put as much energy and concentration as he possessed into each stroke. He created a checkerboard pattern of welts on her firm behind, perhaps the most artistic hidding he had ever given to one of his pupils. He paused with three strokes to go and tried to compare this whipping to some of the others that came to mind. He remembered two in particular that were most enjoyable and paid huge dividends later on in their training. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of them, a slim teenager with a history of brilliant successes coupled with disastrous failures, took his best efforts not once but three times. The one he remembered with great pleasure was the last, when he finally broke her. He had made her stand naked, hands behind her neck and legs spread wide, in the broiling sun for nearly three hours as her body baked in the heat which sucked the moisture from her body. He began by whipping her pert breasts, giving those hard nippled crepes one hundred of the best and in those days he was truly merciless. From there he moved to her backside and rained lash after lash on her muscular cheeks that would be the envy of a world class gymnast. Her body language seemed to taunt him to further excess, something that would mean his defeat in the long run. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that he used her strength against her. He came round to face her. First he let the leather strap slide up and down her cleft, watching for any reaction; there was none. He recalled how he had thoroughly enjoyed whipping her mons and those thin cunt lips until they swelled to the point that her cunt mouth was shut tight. She was expecting that once more, of that he was certain. Perhaps to her this meant she was near the end of this ordeal and once more she would not have given into him. That was when he realized he had developed a pattern that she was expecting. To break from it would cause confusion and weakness in the teen. Confident that he was onto something, Malu proceeded to whip her swollen breasts for the second time, giving them another one hundred lashes. At the end of that segment of her punishment she was shaking like a leaf in a wind storm. He teased her cleft with the strap once more and then abruptly terminated her beating, ordering her to remain standing out in the merciless sun until he returned to continue her whipping.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He waited until well past dark, when the temperature plunged as the earth radiated most of the energy it had collected during the day. She was still there, but it was evident that the wind crossing her moisture starved skin was taking its toll. He approached her, watching her body stiffen so that she might once more resist his best efforts to break her. She watched him through swollen slits that once were eyes before the pitiless rays of the sun bouncing off the hard soil had penetrated that initial layer of bronzed flesh to burrow deeper into fresh terrain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Malu busied himself making a fire some ten paces from where she still stood, shivering and waiting for his next move. He warmed his hands once the flames began darting into the dry night air. His opponent did her best to ignore his presence. He could not resist giving that muscular bottom a loud slap as he went out to begin collecting golf balls that he placed in two buckets. She watched with growing interest as he placed balls in each bucket and hefted them until he was satisfied that they contained equal numbers. Malu sauntered over to where she stood and told her to hold out her arms. He then had her hold a pail of golf balls in each hand, and stepped back to the fire to watch her cope with this new challenge. It did not take long for the muscles in her arms to begin straining and soon trembling from the cantilevered weight she was holding out from her bare body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just as she was about to collapse from this insidious torment, he approached and gave her a chance for her freedom. Her eyes narrowed as he asked her to tell him exactly how many balls were in each pail; then to make it easier still he told her that there were equal numbers in the buckets. She wasted little time announcing her guess, since she was at her limit. However her pride could not allow her to accept her fate;&nbsp; no, she could not resist challenging him despite the gravity of her situation. In a loud firm voice she told Malu that there were more balls in the one she held in her right hand, and thus his question was nothing but a trap to catch her with a lie. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He laughed in triumph, knowing full well that she had stepped into a trap of his making, but not the one she thought. He had her count the balls in each pail, warning her that those pert swollen breasts would be beaten once more if her statement was found to be wrong. He smiled as her face colored at the discovery that he had not lied. She was devastated. Then he skewered her once again in a manner of speaking. In all candor he was on the verge of taking her here and now to celebrate his great victory over this strong-willed, half-girl, half-woman who tempted him with her naked body, so vulnerable and now weakened by his trickery.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In another sign of his maturity as a teacher he told the student that there would be no further punishment this night. However it would be exercised the next time she disobeyed his instructions, which in all likelihood would also mean her expulsion from the school. This stigma would follow her for the rest of her life even if she by some miracle was able to obtain her player's card through another golfing school. That was the last time they had harsh words over anything having to do with her instructions. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To further solidify his new status at the school, he studiously avoided any sign that would make the teenager think he was attempting to seduce her. This was his greatest challenge for the rest of that&nbsp; year. He would like to believe that she left the school a better human being as well as a golfer, but her pride would not allow that, and she became just another failed teenage golfer who never lived up to her potential. He often wondered what she was doing these days, but never cared that much about her fate that he did anything to find out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His other memory was of a physically gifted young teenager, somewhat like his current pupil, but with an even more impressive background. Discovering that the onset of puberty was destroying her chances to represent the nation as a gymnast, she became a world class fencer at the tender age of fifteen, truly a wundkind. An accident that put her into a wheelchair for nearly six months ended her quest for a position on the Olympic team. Frustrated in that endeavor, she switched to golf and came to Pong for training.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was a competitor of the first rank, but her two near brushes with fame had left her scarred. She&nbsp; never displayed the killer instinct when it came to success in golf, always playing the conservative approach, almost guaranteed to make every cut, but never putting her into a position where she could challenge for the first place money. She simply infuriated Pong and himself. They both knew she had the ability to do so much better, but seemingly not the desire. It came to a head one hot afternoon as the three of them played a round.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Again and again she took the safe way to the greens, her conservative shots made with unerring precision. Finally Pong could take no more and stalked off the course leaving him to confront this young lady about her courage. Suggestions became challenges and challenges became threats as the argument escalated over the philosophy of victory. Malu pulled rank and ordered her to give him twenty pushups before her next shot.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He refused to let her recover from the exertion of energy she had just expended. She complained that in her current condition she was unable to make the type of shot she wished for the conditions. He retorted by suggesting a more radical way to achieve her goal. She was terrified and so shaky that she shanked the shot badly. He ordered her to disrobe and assume the position, something she had always managed to avoid. When she froze, he informed her that she was finished at the school and possibly never going to be capable of getting her card thanks to Pong's influence. It was then that he pounced.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were eight holes remaining, including a pair of par fives. She would play it his way, or her way, and if she finished at par there would be no penalty. Failure would cause her to suffer the indignity of a good sound thrashing from him, or as he described it, his belt meeting her tush or bush depending upon his mood. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He knew from personal experience that her conservative game was not capable of achieving this goal over those particular holes. He also knew that in her present state of mind and general discomfort over exposing her bare body to his prying eyes, there was little chance of her succeeding, but that was not the objective. She had to try more innovative shots for the conditions, and realize they were powerful additions to her arsenal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those last eight holes were an epic disaster. Her putting deserted her, costing her two easy pars. The par fives ate her alive, yielding another five strokes over par. Three pars and an unlucky approach shot gave her a final score of eight over par for those last eight holes.She was devastated. He on the other hand got some great views of her long, lean body and learned that she shaved her pubic hair, which was a big turn-on for him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the end of the round he offered her an opportunity for double or nothing, but she had to play each shot as he suggested. Once again her competitive juices began to flow and so back they went to the first hole where they created a bit of a flap since the others playing in front of them were clothed. To make a long story short she went three over, but negotiated a reduction in her thrashing by offering him something in lieu of it that he gladly accepted. She turned out to be a winner and was still on the tour, quite willing these days to try the more radical shots and when necessary take the risky approaches that many of her peers feared to attempt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





