BDSM Library - My Wife. His Whore.




My Wife. His Whore.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man discovers that his wife is deeply involved in an D/s affair with a Master whom she met on-line.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;My Wife. His Whore.  
&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;by Victor Mann  
&#9;Leena and he had been married for 25 years and their life had been good,
  he thought. No doubt they had gotten married young and had kids rather too
  quickly, but theirs had been a close-knit family, it had seemed, and both the
  children, now attending college on the other coast, were happy and well adjusted.
  Money had not been a problem. His accounting firm had been modestly successful
  and Leena had developed a good career in academia as a professor of Women&rsquo;s
  Studies at a small private college. Perhaps it was the change in the household
  after the children had gone that had affected Leena so much. Over the last
  months she had ended up locked in her office in the house, on-line on her computer,
  night after night, until sometimes early in the morning. Maybe the distance
  that she showed him now was really no more than she had showed him for several
  years. Perhaps he just hadn&rsquo;t noticed. Children are hard work and that
  had been the task at hand. He hadn&rsquo;t thought too much about their own
  relationship, the relationship between her and him. Now he could see that that
  relationship was in real danger.  
Lon had, in his usual way, studiously ignored the
  clues. Leena had been the champion of Birkenstocks and understated dress since
  he met her when she was 20. When she had begun to shop for expensive, fashionable,
  showy clothing, spending an incredible amount of money, he had just thought
  that at the age of 46, she&rsquo;d decided to let loose a little. It did seem
  incredibly contradictory but&hellip;  
Lon had become accustomed over the years to her
  going to weekday, and occasionally weekend departmental meetings in the evening.
  She was, now, president of their small faculty senate and had always been active
  departmentally, too. Of course, in retrospect it had been really odd that she
  had progressively begun to dress so provocatively to go to these &ldquo;meetings.&rdquo; Last
  week Saturday when he saw her slipping out the door dressed in high heels and
  evening dress he wanted to believe the note she had left for him, not bothering
  to talk to him directly, that there was a faculty party. If she had just not
  been so sneaky, he might not even have given it a thought. But through his
  strong denial he just had to acknowledge that something was very wrong. As
  a feminist theoretician, Leena had been incredibly consistent over the years
  in regard to the issue of women&rsquo;s fashion. She had for a long time championed
  the feminist position that the fashion industry was one of the most dangerous
  arms of patriarchy. He remembered well the article that brought her to the
  attention of feminist academia that argued that Vogue magazine denigrated women
  more than even Playboy.  
&#9;When Leena left at 6 on that Saturday night, Lon had decided to do some
  thinking, some assessment and some sneaking of his own. He went to Leena&rsquo;s
  office, which because of its separate bath and closet, she used as her dressing
  room. He had never in their relationship checked up on her but he had a feeling
  her computer might hold the clue to what was happening. It had been more of
  a companion to her than he had been over the last several months. They had
  always shared their computer passwords with each other, in case one of them
  had a computer breakdown and needed it. It was easy for him to access her files.
  As he did so, he felt guilt, but he felt his trepidation much more strongly.
  Systematically, Lon opened each of the data folders on her desktop and when
  he reached the one entitled, &ldquo;Slavery,&rdquo; and began to read the letters
  there, his jaw dropped. There before him were carefully numbered letters that
  she had sent to a certain man and, along with them, the replies that he had
  sent her. In a third row he found a dozen or more journal entries for the last
  months.  
&#9;Sampling one of his wife&rsquo;s letters to the man, Lon was stunned and
  appalled. This was the contents:  
&#9;Sir,  
This cock-sucking whore begs your indulgence with
  her cunt thoughts, herein. she humbly thanks you for her initial cock-suck
  training. As you know I was shocked, at first, chatting on-line with you, when
  you said you that you wanted a woman to be a Prick-serving bitch and nothing
  more. I&rsquo;ve learned so much since then from You.  
I do understand better now why non-smear lipstick
  is forbidden to me.  
I felt proud that you were pleased by the neat
  red lipstick prints you made with my bitch mouth along the shaft of your stiff
  cock. I knew the expression, &ldquo;giving head.&rdquo; You call it, &ldquo;taking
  head,&rdquo; and this whore knows now what you mean.  
As you know, I had only sucked cock for two Men
  before, having been married for over 20 years. I do not have a lot of experience.
  My husband&rsquo;s prick is only 5&rdquo; long, when hard, and not so thick.
  Your thick, 8 1/2 inches does give me, &ldquo;a mouth full of meat,&rdquo; as
  you have put it, in a way I have never experienced. However, I do fully understand
  why I had to be punished for gagging, when you thrust it deep into my mouth.
  (I know I will learn to control this.) I felt worse for the fact that I had
  displeased you, than for the nipple clamps, which did hurt quite a bit. You
  forced me to swallow every fucking last drop of Your cum. Thank you.  
As for your astute question about my &ldquo;feminist
  scruples&rdquo; and check-in in regard to limits, I know more surely than ever,
  as you have taken control of me over the last several weeks, that you have
  touched a place deep within me, the place where my secrets are. I admire not
  only your unflinching boldness in this, but also your  
skillful wisdom. Let me put it within your four
  stage development plan. I am still a bitch , striving to learn how to
  be a good whore . I fully expect to be taught by You how to be a whoreslave and
  finally a full-fledged slave . You, in Your Mastery, have opened up
  the door for me to walk proudly through. No amount of feminist bullshit is
  going to prevent me from learning what I truly am. (And a skilled woman-trainer
  like yourself knows full well that sometimes a cunt needs be be told the
  limits and not asked . I beg your indulgence with the bitch way I put
  it, but you know that I am not shocked, nor fearful of the strict, rough and
  harsh methods you use.)  
 I know that you have already decided not to break
  up my relationship with my husband. Just know that this cuntwhore will do as
  told, and will serve you, as and how You decide. You will not hear a cunt opinion
  from me in regard to breaking up or not breaking up my marriage.  
Your cock-sucking whore,  
Leena  
The terror that the last paragraph of Leena&rsquo;s
  letter brought him, overwhelmed the  
revulsion and anger he felt at the entire rest of it. Leena was ready and
  willing to leave him for another man whom she&rsquo;d met only weeks ago! Lon
  staggered from the desk chair and, not thinking of anything else to do, began
  to investigate what Leena&rsquo;s recent shopping binge had really been all
  about. He opened Leena&rsquo;s closet door to find the expensive skirts, blouses
  and dresses that she had recently bought hanging at one end.  
They were satins, velvets and silks for the most part. Leena had always sworn
  by cottons. They were all solid colors. Leena had a passion for prints. On
  Leena&rsquo;s shoe tree were seven new pairs of shoes, all with very high heels
  and all in the same style. All were pointy-toed, closed-toed pumps with high
  arches; just exactly the kind of shoes that Leena, the feminist, had publicly
  sneered at as &ldquo;slave shoes&rdquo; for years.  
&#9;Heart beating fast and tears welling in his eyes Lon opened the drawers
  in Leena&rsquo;s dresser. In the first drawer were the cotton, white and pastel
  colored panties and bras that belonged to the sensible Leena he had always
  known. In the second drawer he found her new lingerie in the colors black and
  red&mdash;frilly panties, frilly bras, crotchless panties, nippleless bras,
  frilly garter belts and many stockings, even seamed hose. This was a Leena
  he had never known and furthermore didn&rsquo;t want to know. The Leena he
  knew felt that stockings and even pantyhose were only meant to make women into, &ldquo;sex
  objects.&rdquo; He had read all her early feminist screeds. More than even
  the dykes in her department, Leena argued that clothing that expressed, &ldquo;traditional
  femininity,&rdquo; was merely a sign of patriarchal oppression. Grasping weakly
  at her third dresser drawer he came upon Leena&rsquo;s new collection of bustiers
  and corsets. &ldquo;Clothing for women in bondage,&rdquo; Lon mouthed with
  a weak laugh.  
&#9;Lon stumbled to the bedroom and laid down on the bed. He put his face
  into the pillow and wept until tears wouldn&rsquo;t come anymore. He lay and
  thought. How could he save his marriage? He loved Leena so deeply and he thought
  that that love was shared. What had happened? He thought of confronting her
  and demanding that she stop this nonsense. He thought he would start to be
  assertive with her and satisfy some of the crazy urges she had. Incapable of
  imagining a way out, Lon decided, in deep pain and anguish, that he could only
  hope that somehow this perverse new passion of hers would eventually burn itself
  out. He could only sit on the sidelines now, as painful and revolting as it
  was, and let Leena do what she would. He knew that he could be hard-nosed in
  a business context, but he was pathologically averse to conflict in interpersonal
  relationships. He wondered whether it might not just be true what the &ldquo;new&rdquo; Leena
  thought: he was just a weak man.  
&#9;When Leena came home after midnight, Lon pretended to be asleep. He became
  aware, as she came to bed that she smelled of heavy perfume. Fuck! She&rsquo;d
  smelled that way a half dozen times in the last weeks! &ldquo;Whore stink,&rdquo; is
  what she had always called it. He could practically cite the passage in her Radical
  Feminist Digest article of 1982 that said that and worse. Only the FBI
  looks so close and sees so little as a married man in love.  
&#9;&ldquo;Lonny, aren&rsquo;t you going to get up this morning?&rdquo; Leena
  said in a disgusting, guiltless tone the next morning.  
&#9;&ldquo;Honey, I&rsquo;m totally exhausted from the audit season. I&rsquo;m
  going to stay in bed. Maybe later I&rsquo;ll get up and do some work around
  the house.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;Oh, hon,&rdquo; she said with what sounded like sympathy. &ldquo;I
  hope you aren&rsquo;t coming down with something.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;No, no,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s just overwork.&rdquo;  
&#9;Leena had a conference to go to on feminist ethics that day.  
&#9;&ldquo;Are you home late tonight, hon,&rdquo; he asked.  
&#9;&ldquo;I&rsquo;ll see,&rdquo; she said vaguely. Had she been so vague
  over the last years?  
&#9;After Lon had showered and had breakfast, he decided the only thing he
  could do would be to learn as much as he could about his wife&rsquo;s affair
  from her computer files.  
His guilt was gone. He was trying to protect his family.  
&#9;Lon went in to Leena&rsquo;s office, realizing that he had been incredibly
  circumspect about intruding on her private space for a long time. She never
  locked the door of her office, but Lon had never even opened her office door
  when she was not there. Opening the door, he saw the clothes she had worn the
  night before carelessly thrown about. She must have disrobed very quickly.
  Over a chair back lay her black satin cocktail dress.  
On the chair seat for her computer was a sleek, black front-cinch corset.
  A frilly black nippleless bra lay on the floor. A pair of frilly black, crotchless
  panties lay beside it. Next to these were a frilly black garter belt and expensive
  black seamed hose. On the floor were her high heels-- burnished black leather.
  The long thin heels must have been 4&rdquo; high. Lon picked up her panties
  almost without thinking. Wanting to feel close to her he put them to his nose
  and smelled. There was musk there, a smell of her. He didn&rsquo;t know if
  she had been fucked by this man the night before. The smell caught in his throat
  and he was disgusted when he actually became sexually aroused. He strained
  to reject this state of mind. It had to be just an aberration caused by his
  emotional state.  
&#9;Lon went into Leena&rsquo;s computer and returned to the, &ldquo;Slavery,&rdquo; file.
  There he opened one of the earlier messages from the man:  
&#9;cunt,  
&#9;you are right that I think of you as a &ldquo;bitch feminist,&rdquo; and
  right also that I will be &#9; 
&#9;harsher with you precisely because of that. In your question, I sense
  the answer  
that you want Me to give. I am not into Dominance
  and Submission as play, like &#9; 
&#9;many. I am a woman-trainer and I take this very seriously. I am ultra-sexist
  and  
&#9;I am unapologetic about it. I use harsh language and I can have a harsh
  hand.  
But I don&rsquo;t think you would have answered
  My ad, if I wasn&rsquo;t what you are looking for. Make no mistake about it
  I train with the goal of abject servitude. Naturally, I have the experience
  to pace things as necessary for each cunt. There&rsquo;ll be no sudden suprises.
  That&rsquo;s for the neophyte Masters.  
Of course, I am very highly educated and have read
  nearly every important  
work of feminist theory. But, now, that is My weapon
  against you, because  
I believe the only true woman is one who is rightless.  
Yes. you are quite right that you won&rsquo;t be
  showing up before Me in your bitch  
dress-down outfits and insulting flat shoes or
  sneakers. you&rsquo;ll come before Me dressed precisely as I dictate, even
  if you find it ridiculous, uncomfortable or even painful. I do of course understand
  that the very high heels a woman must wear before Me can be rather painful
  and that is partly the point. When she is before Me her body is not hers but
  Mine. I do see high heels as a form of bondage which I inflict for My pleasure.  
your musing about the &ldquo;essence of a woman&rdquo; I
  do find interesting. Sweet, gentle, pretty, and pleasing are some of the adjectives
  I do think that describe it. I would also add a natural tendency toward submission.
  I train toward sweet, lisping, obedient, very pleasing attitude and behavior.
  Philosophically, I feel that most modern bitches have forgotten how to be real
  women. As Master, I take it to be My task to remind them and not so gently
  either.  
I Myself have never given a shit whether a woman
  was married or not. Over the last 10 years I have given training to six cunts,
  one of whom now lives with Me and two of whom I still see from time to time.
  Of the six, two were married and remained so. Personally, I think I could use
  another bitch in the house to amuse Me, but I&rsquo;m not about to accommodate
  emotional baggage. I&rsquo;ll decide as We/we progress what I shall do with
  you.  
you will meet Me at Largo&rsquo;s restaurant at
  7 p.m. on Saturday. you&rsquo;ll be wearing the black underthings I directed
  you to buy and your new black high heels. your jewelry and make-up will be
  as directed earlier. For this first meeting you will speak only when spoken
  to and then in the most pleasing way or I will lose interest in you quickly..  
In Strict Mastery,  
Alton Drave  
What a revolting, disgusting pig! This man seemed
  to be the very personification  
of the type of man that traditional feminists angrily inveighed against..
  Lon tried to think of anything in Leena&rsquo;s background or views that might
  have tipped him off about her attraction to such a person and this type of
  sexuality. Leena had not even joked like some do about S&amp;M and B&amp;D.
  These things were only disgusting to her, or so she always said. Though Leena
  was a little young to adopt the strict, nearly fundamentalist attitudes of
  early feminists, she had been schooled in them by her university mentor and
  had ended up in a Women&rsquo;s Studies Department with many &ldquo;old-line&rdquo; types,
  either older or like her. Leena&rsquo;s apparent abrupt change of viewpoint,
  at least in regard to this sexual affair, was a mystery that perhaps could
  only be answered by her carefully complied computer journal.  
&#9;Lon himself had been passively accepting of Leena&rsquo;s strident, overt
  feminism from the beginning. She sometimes verged on pure man-hating it seemed,
  but her arguments were very clear and intellectually compelling. Lon, being
  a gentle soul generally, came to agree nearly completely with her about these
  things and was actually personally offended by the obscene, extremely sexist
  language that both his wife and Alton Drave used in these letters. However,
  underneath his disgust he already had experienced an unexpected reaction. Reading
  Alton Drave&rsquo;s letter to his dear wife had made his cock very hard. The
  idea that a man like that could just control and dictate to a woman was part
  of it. But the idea of his wife being made into a complete whore by another
  man&mdash;that was the crux of it. He feared gravely for his marriage, but
  his prick was hard the entire afternoon.  
&#9;Leena got in again very late. Once again Lon made the pretence of being
  asleep.  
He realized that this pattern of her being gone and out of touch with him
  had been rather persistent for a while. As Leena lay down beside him to go
  to sleep, Lon wondered whether she had gone to Alton Drave again. He did smell
  the thick perfume stink on her body. Had she sucked his prick that night and
  let him fuck her like a whore?  
&#9;The next day Leena was scheduled to go off to the university for the day
  and Lon was scheduled to stay home and work in his office.  
&#9;&ldquo;How you feeling, honey?&rdquo; Leena said as though things were
  normal.  
&#9;&ldquo;Fine. Fine. I just was so tired.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;Remember our party tonight?&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;Again? Oh yes. It&rsquo;s at that big house in the hills. Friends
  of Lillian&rsquo;s?&rdquo; Lillian was an old friend going back to childhood
  who had ended up living very near.  
&#9;&ldquo;I think I&rsquo;ll dress up,&rdquo; Leena said almost without thinking.  
&#9;&ldquo;Yes, Leena. What&rsquo;s with the dressing up lately?&rdquo; Lon
  asked trying to sound casual.  
&#9;&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know,&rdquo; she said, thinking of a good lie, &ldquo;It
  just makes me feel good.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;Christ you&rsquo;ve raved so long about women becoming &lsquo;slaves
  to fashion!&rsquo;&rdquo; Lon said, being even bolder.  
&#9;&ldquo;Well, maybe sometimes a little slave can&rsquo;t help herself!&rdquo; Leena
  said in  
the most unusual tone that seemed to add a new twist to her usual sarcasm.  
The statement itself was just so, &ldquo;not Leena&rdquo; and the sarcasm
  almost felt like it was directed at him .  
&#9;Lon tried to control his reactions. He really didn&rsquo;t know what to
  say. After all, it was she who was the feminist firebrand, not he. Leena didn&rsquo;t
  seem to expect a response.  
&#9;After Leena left for the college, Lon once again entered the office that
  had once been so off-limits to him. The clothes she had worn out the day before
  to the conference, her sensible wool skirt, white blouse and white bra were
  lying on the floor along with her usual woven flats. Leena in her own precincts
  was somewhat slovenly. Among the other clothes was a pair of the unfamiliar
  red, frilly panties he had noticed in her dresser the day before. Lon deliberately
  picked them up to examine them. In their crotch was a white mass of semen stain;
  there was little doubt. He smelled to make sure and caught the stink of the
  mixed sexual fluids of his wife and the man who had somehow gotten hold of
  her. He felt the dizzy hold of fear and frightening sexual arousal take over
  him. He was almost in a trance when he opened his wife&rsquo;s &ldquo;journal&rdquo; that
  would give him a clue, perhaps, to what was driving her to throw aside so much
  that made her what she was.  
&#9;Leena&rsquo;s journal notes contained her thoughts about all that had
  transpired with her in the last six months. She had chatted on-line with a
  number of &ldquo;Masters&rdquo; until she had met Alton Drave in a chat room.
  Her notes also gave a record of hidden desires that Lon had never even heard
  a hint of:  
&#9;Lillian is the only one who knows. Over the years, I&rsquo;ve shared my
  secrets with  
&#9;only her. I know what I&rsquo;ve done academically is basically a good
  thing. Women  
should have pride and they should fight against
  sexism in all its forms. I will always believe that. It is no one else&rsquo;s
  fault that I have lived with a deep hypocrisy at my core for so long. It is
  not to my credit, I know, but I was  paid  
over these last 18 years to be a feminist ,
  and then a feminist of a certain type. I might have had the courage to fight
  the orthodoxy over these years, but I wasn&rsquo;t as strong as I pretended.
  In any case, I am ready to do what is right for me now.  
Psychologically, I am very strong. Anyone&rsquo;s
  psyche though has more than one facet. I am , in fact, a strong, independent,
  forthright woman. But I also have a deeply submissive and deeply masochistic
  aspect of myself that I&rsquo;ve worked hard to ignore or suppress over the
  years.  
Only Lillian knows about Bobby who lived across
  the street when I was 15. He was a farm boy, 16 years old, who had moved to
  our small town in Iowa. He was attractive enough. But I&rsquo;ve never been
  overly concerned with a man&rsquo;s looks. I always have looked at a man&rsquo;s
  eyes. Bobby was more muscular than the town boys, and at the time I liked that,
  but he had that dismissive look that was like a magnet to me. I was
  a relatively pretty girl so this was particularly galling. It was incredible
  what I was ready to give up just to feel his deep animality . I made
  myself obvious to him for over a year and he just looked the other way! Then,
  one summer evening, he invited me into his house, when his parents were gone,
  and grabbed me and started kissing me in the roughest way. He called me a tease
  and a little bitch and gave me a hicky to show me what it was like to play
  with fire. I was in just this involuntary ecstasy and I surrendered to him
  totally. I fell totally in love with him right there. Even when he shoved
  me out the door, afterwards, and told me to stay out of his sight, I didn&rsquo;t
  care. I was so hot ! I cherished  that hicky, that sign of his
  power over me. And I knew that he would be back for more.  
It took a month before I was able to get his attention
  again. He got me in his garage&mdash;his parents were in the house&mdash;and
  he felt me up so crudely ! He even pinched my titties until I had tears
  in my eyes, but I craved his attention so and those rough, passionate, consuming
  kisses. I had my first orgasm that wasn&rsquo;t self-induced in that nasty
  encounter in Bobby&rsquo;s garage.  
 I know that Bobby was very, very intelligent.
  I found out many years later that they had discovered his learning disabilities
  that led him to reject school and society and eventually become a hood. But
  the point is that Bobby wasn&rsquo;t just crude, rough and stupid, like so
  many boys, who have no sensitivity or understanding. Those bitter eyes of his
  could read me. He understood me totally. Later, he forced me
  to suck his prick and swallow it, long before he pierced my hymen and rammed
  me for his pleasure. I was his little slave for that summer month, masturbating
  secretly and almost obsessively.  
I nearly committed suicide, I nearly did, when
  I saw him go up his driveway to the same garage a several weeks later with
  the little ugly bitch down the street. Didn&rsquo;t he understand that I belonged
  to him and him alone? Hadn&rsquo;t I given him everything? That was the last
  of Bobby and I. He tried to get me to go with him to a movie, but I distained
  him. I hated him.  
I did what I did, as I grew up and tried to run
  away from some of my deep feelings. I won&rsquo;t say my academic life has
  just been to expiate the pain and bitterness I felt because of Bobby. Life
  is too complex and involved for a single  
thing like this to make all the difference. I do
  know that I turned my back on  
a part of femaleness that I can no longer deny.
  It will be the next generation of feminist scholars, perhaps, who will have
  the courage to get into it. I think many of us in my generation were afraid
  we&rsquo;d lose all our rights, if we were too honest. I know that I&rsquo;m
  going to be honest now and I do hope that it does not cause too much pain to
  Lon. I do love him, but this need is too strong for me now to deny myself further.
  It&rsquo;s just too damn strong. It&rsquo;s really not his fault that he can&rsquo;t
  be  
the man I need now. I chose as my husband because
  I knew, instinctively, that  
I would be safe with him from the power of my forbidden
  passions.  
So here it was. Leena&rsquo;s hidden part. So their
  marriage was just a lie? Was her  
love for him also just a lie? Lon shut down the computer. He had taken her
  red panties and put them right beside the keyboard. He plunged his face into
  the fuck-soiled crotch of them and felt the rush of his turn-on and the stiffness
  of his traitorous prick. He had never in his life felt this kind of strange
  passion. Had he even been aware before of his own perverse, hidden desires?  
&#9;Leena got home somewhat late and it was clear she&rsquo;d make them late
  to their  
7 o&rsquo;clock party. Lon was resigned now to her transgressing every rule
  of their married life. Leena was never late.  
&#9;Leena got home and immediately went into the bathroom to shower. She took
  forever. She only took this much time there when she was shaving her legs,
  something she did as a duty for very formal occasions. But this seemed even
  longer. Why the fuck did she have to shave her legs tonight? What was she doing?
  She emerged cheerfully and went into her office. Lon have wished he had a camera
  in there to watch her dress.  
Leena came out of her office dressed in an outrageous,
  totally uncharacteristic outfit. She wore a black leather skirt, a black satin
  blouse, black seamed hose and red high heels. She had developed a somewhat
  matronly figure over the years that clearly was influenced now by some sort
  of strict undergarment. She had beautiful brown eyes and a roundish face that
  still retained a measure of the true beauty he had seen in her when she was
  20. Her tits had never been large, but the cut of this new blouse defined them
  in a very pleasing way. He liked her short, manageable brunette bob, but he
  wondered whether that too might not change because it was not very dramatic.
  She answered his stunned, open-mouthed stare with another totally unprecedented
  sarcastic comment, &ldquo;Lonny, women have the right to change their minds.
  Don&rsquo;t you know that yet?&rdquo;  
Lon couldn&rsquo;t figure out what was taking Leena
  so long in the bathroom again.  
When she came out, he saw what had taken so long. Leena had, for perhaps the
  second time since he&rsquo;d known her, made her face up fully. Her eyes were
  skillfully done up with mascara, shadow and eyebrow pencil. She had put on
  foundation and a hint of rouge on her cheeks. Her lips were heavily made-up
  with lipslicker, a forbidden substance in their house! He was sure that this
  was not the &ldquo;non-smearing&rdquo; brand.  
She had painted, too, her fingernails for the first time in 20 years. She
  trailed a &ldquo;stink&rdquo; of very expensive perfume behind her.  
&#9;Leena didn&rsquo;t respond to his stunned silence this time. She let her
  earlier comment, &ldquo;Women have the right change their minds&hellip;&rdquo; pound
  in his ears. Lon was terrified by what he saw. Was she going to flirt with
  every bastard at the party? Was she going to look for someone else right in
  front of his nose? The stir of fear and perverse fantasy made his prick rock
  hard, but somehow he never thought of even approaching his  
meticulously done up wife to kiss her. He was sure that she would tell him
  not to mess up her make-up!  
&#9;In the car Lon tried to find normalcy. He wanted to talk about everything
  without getting in too deep.  
&#9;&ldquo;You look great, hon,&rdquo; he said lamely.  
&#9;Leena seemed to be in another world. &ldquo;Hmm,&rdquo; she said.  
&#9;The smell of her perfume seemed like such an aphrodisiac. He so much wanted
  to reach out and rub her leg with its expensive nylon stocking. He wanted to
  touch her sensuous blouse. He wanted to kiss her painted lips. But she seemed
  cold and distant to him now. He sensed she&rsquo;d make some excuse and push
  him away. The tension of her distance, her very concentration on being something
  that Lon had never known, something that he would never possess, energized
  him sexually in a way he&rsquo;d never experienced. His wife was a whore now;
  but she was another man&rsquo;s whore. They drove the full half hour drive
  in silence. They had never been silent.  
&#9;They pulled into the party that Lillian had arranged at about 8:30 P.
  M. There was a mix of people there, many much more well-dressed than at the
  usual parties only for faculty. It appeared that Leena was not grossly overdressed
  here. Several women were very well-dressed and many of the men were in fine
  clothing.  
&#9;Lon saw Lillian coming across room.  
&#9;&ldquo;Hi, Lily,&rdquo; he said with a self-conscious sideward glance
  at Leena.  
&#9;Lillian looked as though she expected this, &ldquo;Leena in drag.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;How&rsquo;s it been going, Leena,&rdquo; she asked, not commenting
  at all on the fact that her best friend of a life time was attired in a way
  that no one had ever seen before.  
 &ldquo;I&rsquo;m really feeling good,&rdquo; Leena
  said and she looked over Lillian&rsquo;s shoulder as though she had spotted
  someone.  
She nodded to Lillian and turned her back on Lon,
  striding across the floor rather gracefully in her difficult high heels.  
Lon searched Lillian&rsquo;s face for an answer.  
&ldquo;Lily, what is up with Leena? She&rsquo;s
  really getting into a space I can&rsquo;t understand.&rdquo;  
Lillian, who had been friends with Lon now for
  more than 25 years, touched  
Lon on his shoulder and tried to soothe him. The way she went about this made
  him  
sure that she knew completely what was going on.  
&#9;&ldquo;Look, Lon. Leena is facing the empty nest. She&rsquo;s adjusting
  to a new life without the kids. You don&rsquo;t know Leena like I do. She has
  so much inside her that she never expresses. It&rsquo;s not a crime for a woman
  to be sexy is it? Really? I mean her department has put her in a strait jacket
  for years.&rdquo;  
&#9;This was all a carefully contrived smokescreen, Lon could see. Lillian
  knew damn well what was going on and was trying to make pleasant conversation.  
&#9;Leena had disappeared by now into the rather dense crowd of people at
  the party.  
Just as he was searching for something to say to Lillian, Leena came out of
  the crowd with a stranger in tow. He was a man who looked to be a few years
  younger than she.  
He was dressed in a very fine, pin-striped suit with a vest and a tie and
  highly buffed black shoes. He was bald with high forehead, handsome, he would
  say, with sensuous lips. But his grey eyes had a power to them that Lon knew
  to avoid. He didn&rsquo;t look him in the eye when they shook hands.  
&#9;&ldquo;Lon, I want you to meet Alton Drave.&rdquo;  
&#9;The words struck Lon&rsquo;s ears like a thunderclap. Would Leena rub
  it in like this? Or was this&hellip; He realized that this meeting had been
  organized by Alton Drave himself to make whatever point he wanted to make.  
&#9;&ldquo;Pleasure to meet you Mr. Durtz,&rdquo; Mr. Drave said pleasantly.  
&#9;Leena began gushing, &ldquo;Alton is a photographer. You know, sort of
  in the Mapplethorpe style. I met him at the conference on Sunday.&rdquo;  
&#9;Lon knew this was a bald-faced lie.  
&#9;&ldquo;Mr. Drave knows more about feminist theory than any man I&rsquo;ve
  ever met,&rdquo; Leena said with the hint of the same surreal sarcastic tone
  that Lon had heard that afternoon.  
&#9;Leena leaned into Mr. Drave&rsquo;s arm and pushed her tits against him
  in a move that might have looked like a completely unconscious act to anyone,
  but Lon knew better. Lon was reeling and trying to find his way.  
&#9;As if it were choreographed, suddenly another woman, preceded by prodigious
  tits that most surely were the result of implants, dressed in a very short
  skirt and stockings, wearing heels even higher than Leena&rsquo;s, came forward
  to lean against Mr. Drave&rsquo;s other arm.  
&#9;&ldquo;This must be Mr. Drave&rsquo;s live-in &lsquo;cunt,&rsquo;&rdquo; Lon
  thought.  
&#9;The woman stood there, not looking anywhere, her eyes averted.  
&#9;&ldquo;Say hello to Lon,&rdquo; Mr. Drave said.  
&#9;&ldquo;Hello, Sir,&rdquo; the woman said stupidly. She was about 5&rsquo;10&rdquo; in
  these towering heels and had beautiful blonde hair. She had blue eyes and beautiful
  lips that were  
painted identically to Leena&rsquo;s. She was younger and more attractive
  than Leena and Lon noticed the tension in Leena when the new woman approached.  
&#9;&ldquo;Won&rsquo;t you tell him your name?&rdquo; Mr. Drave said with
  a bit of annoyance.  
&#9;&ldquo;Trina,&rdquo; she said quietly and lapsed into silence.  
&#9;&ldquo;So, Mr. Durtz, your wife is an amazing scholar,&rdquo; Mr. Drave
  began. Lon felt that this was all a subtle way of rubbing all of this in his
  face. &ldquo;She really understands the essence of patriarchy, I think,&rdquo; he
  continued.  
&#9;Lillian looked away toward the crowd trying not to get engaged. Lon understood
  now that Mr. Drave liked to rub it in and here was rubbing Leena&rsquo;s face
  in it, too.  
&#9;&ldquo;What do you do for a living,&rdquo; Mr. Drave asked.  
&#9;&ldquo;Oh, I run an accounting firm, Durtz and Lawton.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;I admire a man who knows the numbers,&rdquo; Mr. Drave said. It
  seemed like this was not some subtly denigratory comment. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m
  more of an eye man myself,&rdquo; he said.  
&ldquo;I try to see through things.&rdquo;  
&#9;Lon was not one to make casual conversation and Mr. Drave seemed happy
  with stopping there. Having made his point Mr. Drave took his Barbie doll,
  Trina, by the arm and said goodbye. Leena was a bit too interested in watching
  them recede into the crowd.  
&#9;As though she didn&rsquo;t trust Mr. Drave alone with Trina, Leena said
  to Lon,  
&ldquo;Just go circulate, Lon. There are people I want to talk to.&rdquo; Lon
  mourned for the Leena as he knew her. He had never her seen her so mendacious.  
&#9;Lon had gotten involved in conversation for more than two hours with a
  bald man who happened also to be an accountant. He hadn&rsquo;t seen anything
  of Leena, but then he hadn&rsquo;t been looking. He left that man and went
  to get something to eat at the long table of food. Leena came up to him from
  the side with eyes that seemed on the verge of tears. Her lipstick was smeared
  terribly and she looked awful. It was a horror for him to be able to identify
  the small white globs of sperm on her smeared mouth. Mr. Drave must have found
  a way to take advantage of her in one of the bedrooms, not a minute before.  
&#9;&ldquo;Christ, honey, what happened to your face?&rdquo; he said.  
&#9;&ldquo;Maybe I was sucking cock,&rdquo; she said in what sounded like
  a drunken slur. Leena didn&rsquo;t get drunk very often, but when she did she
  did like to curse. Lon decided to pretend that she was just talking out of
  her head, &ldquo;Do you want to go home?&rdquo;  
Leena looked at him rather sadly and he could see
  that she was really emotionally torn.  
&ldquo;I&rsquo;m going over to Alton&rsquo;s house
  now,&rdquo; she said without elaboration.  
&ldquo;Honey&hellip;&rdquo; Lon could see that
  there was nothing to say. Leena kissed him on the  
cheek like she always did and went across the room. Lon didn&rsquo;t know,
  really, if he&rsquo;d ever see Leena again.  
 My Wife. His Whore. Part II.  
 By Victor Mann  
Lon stood at the long table for the food for a
  long time, frozen. He knew that Leena, Trina and Alton Drave were gone, when
  he finally came to himself and eventually drifted, in a trance to the door.
  He felt ill and he also felt a level of sexual excitement he had never experienced.
  He was desperate not to lose his wife Leena to this perverse "woman-trainer" Alton
  Drave; that was paramount. But he knew now too that he was caught up in this
  in a way that he himself didn't understand. A strong, passionate part of him
  REVELED in this humiliation of his forthright wife. And he knew there was more
  to it. In deep pain and with his cock more rigid than it had ever been, Lon
  drove back to his home. His thoughts were in disarray, but somewhere subliminally
  he realized that he was caught in a libidinal tide whose winds were driven
  by secret, unspoken desires of his own.  
Lon got home and tried to watch TV. His mind was
  racing. He knew almost nothing about this kinky-type of relationship. How far
  would Alton Drave go? Would this man make his wife into a prostitute and rent
  her out? Was Leena going to be whipped? Would this bastard actually beat her?
  The time went by excruciatingly slowly.  
Leena had never, ever come home after midnight and it was one o'clock. Frantic,
  Lon  
looked through the phone book for Alton Drave's name. He was surprised to
  find it listed. His hand shaking, Lon called the number.  
"Alton Drave," the man, answered coolly.  
"Is Leena still over at your house?" he asked,
  his voice trembling.  
"Yes, she is," Mr. Drave answered.  
"Could I speak with her," he asked.  
"She's tied up now," Alton Drave answered.  
"Tied up&hellip;.?" Lon realized that Mr. Drave
  must mean this literally, but he followed his cowardly reflex to pretend that
  he didn't really understand.  
"Well, will you have her call me soon?" Lon said
  in what could only be described as a pleading tone.  
"Mr. Durtz, Leena will not be speaking with you,
  tonight. You will see her tomorrow morning," he said, very matter-of-factly.  
Lon held the phone silently for a long time. There
  were a million things he might have said. He might have become furious and
  demanded to speak with Leena directly. He might have threatened to come over
  and get his wife back. Mr. Drave was basically saying he was going to fuck
  Lon's wife tonight and/or do what he pleased with her and he fully expected
  not to hear any objections. There was no challenge or harshness in Mr. Drave's
  voice, just a matter-of-fact self-assurance. Lon's stomach sank and his mind
  went blank. He didn't even stammer out the few nonsensical thoughts that jumped
  into his head. He just meekly said, "OK," and hung up the phone dumbly. If
  it had been a confrontation between dogs, Lon had put his tail between his
  legs and ran&mdash;without even hearing the other dog bark. And somehow Lon
  knew that this bastard could bark.  
Lon knew he wouldn't be sleeping much tonight.
  He went to Leena's computer&mdash;at least here he could find out something
  of what had descended upon him like a hell.  
He decided to Google, to do a computer internet search of, the name Alton
  Drave. Mr. Drave's impressive website came up. He was a prize-winning photographer
  and sold his work as art. Clearly he had become wealthy with his photography.
  But his work had a very controversial edge, and particularly in the last ten
  years dwelt on strong, sado-masochistic themes.  
Mr. Drave, or whoever wrote for his website wrote
  for the most part very elegantly and artistically, explaining the artfulness
  of making pictures of women in bondage and submission. But at the same time
  some of the notes and titling seemed designed to provoke and to create controversy.
  Lon accessed one of the galleries of Mr. Drave's work over the last ten years.
  It was entitled, "My Whores." In it were separate pictures of seven women dressed
  all in a very similar way, kneeling, hands tied at the wrists tightly behind
  them with satin rope, sucking on the penis of what surely was the same standing
  man who stood before them, whose face was out of the picture (Lon knew it had
  to be Alton Drave). In each picture, the man held the woman's well-coifed hair
  in his right fist. The man was dressed in black, a black leather vest and a
  black shirt, black leather pants and black boots shined to a perfect shine.
  Five of the women were white, one was Asian and one was African-American. One
  was rather overweight, one was very thin, one had a perfect hourglass figure
  and the others varied in their body type. They all wore hose and very high
  heeled pumps. They all wore considerable jewelry, including rather heavy, dangly
  earrings. They were all well-made up, only one of them really excessively.
  The clothing on each varied. Some wore only obscene undergarments; others were
  fully clothed. All the garments, however, were in the colors red, black or
  white only. All garments were solid color and there were no patterned blouses,
  skirts or dresses. No doubt the pictures together made an artistic montage
  of sorts, though quite provocative and obscene, each picture being exactly
  from the same side angle, place and distance. They undoubtedly were taken from
  a camera on a tripod.  
The pictures were rather small, but Lon found he
  was able to expand them to the full screen with one click. He went through
  the seven pictures again. He could see that each was carefully staged. In each
  case, the woman's lipslicker was smeared, obscenely, leaving clear, red residue
  on the rather thick and large cock that was pushed into the mouth to its limit.
  On each woman's chin or lips, too, was a largish splash, or drip of new semen.
  They were meant to show a man who had just a moment before ejaculated. It took
  Lon only a moment to see that the 6 th  picture was
  of Alton Drave's Barbie Doll friend, Trina. And the 7 th  picture,
  as it expanded to screen size, became a clear picture of his wife Leena&mdash;no
  doubt the distance and contortion of her mouth might easily make her completely
  unrecognizable to anyone but him.  
 Lon's heart was seized by a witch's brew of emotion.
  It shook him bodily. He felt his body ripple with paroxysms that were a perfect
  admixture of fear and perverse sexual excitement. He was deathly frightened
  for his marriage and for the love of his wife, but this picture shook him at
  his sexual core. Where looking at the other women was something of a curiosity,
  once he'd gotten used to the very kinky and outrageous context-- seeing his
  own wife being fucked in the face by another man turned him on in the most
  primal way. Here was a kind of male audacity that he simply did not have. He
  was in awe of it. And as he tried to grope through the fog of his confused
  passion, he knew that emotionally this picture was really all about him. His
  own "manly" control of his wife was completely abrogated by this sexually prodigious
  stranger. This obscene picture was most certainly a record of his wife's humiliation
  before Alton Drave, but, closer to the quick, it was a humiliation of him also.
  He unzipped himself and, tears flowing from his eyes, masturbated to orgasm. "The
  fucking disgusting bastard! The fucking disgusting bastard!" he thought as
  his perverse heart reveled in the humiliation of his wife he saw before him&mdash;and
  the humiliation of himself which it implied. He did not try to suppress in
  his mind in this moment of passion, the vision of Alton Drave forcing him to
  watch Mr. Drave do as he would with his new "whore" Leena.  
Heart aching and disgusted with himself, Lon finally
  went to bed. He fell into a fitful sleep and had just woken up at 8 A. M. when
  he heard the door slam and Leena come in. Leena was clearly headed for the
  bathroom when Lon intercepted her. She was in shocking condition. Her face
  was splotched with the illicit flush of a night of ferocious sexual engagement.
  Lon could only remember Leena looking like that way once or twice before, in
  their mid-twenties when they had just sexually clicked and she had had a long
  series of fierce orgasms. And her face was puffy as if she had at the same
  time been weeping all night. Her beautiful, stylish satin blouse was shredded
  in back and in the places where it was torn, Lon could see bloody marks, welted
  and reddish, that could only have come from some sort of whip. Her stockings
  were torn in many places.  
Leena avoided Lon's gaze and grasped hold of him
  in a desperate hug. She began weeping uncontrollably.  
"Oh, fuck, Lonny! I didn't want it to be like this," she
  said crying with her face on his shoulder and incredibly emotional.  
 "I'm deep into a sick, sordid affair with Alton Drave," she said.  
 "He fucking caned  my ass and whipped  me
  last night! Oh, fuck, Lonny, I don't expect you to understand," she said and
  took a shaky step backward.  
 Strangely, while Leena was in emotional turmoil, Lon felt relatively calm.  
 "Well, your little act last night was more than I even could manage to ignore.
  I guess a man knows his wife is getting fucked by someone else, when she doesn't
  bother to come home all night," Lon said with bitterness.  
 "And---," Lon continued, "I've invaded your privacy. I read some of your
  correspondence with this prick Alton Drave."  
 "You have?" Leena said, collecting herself.  
 "You're his, 'whore,' now?"  
 Leena suddenly seemed to snap out of her very uncharacteristic emotional
  funk.  
 "I love you Lonny and I have always loved you. I had two beautiful kids
  with you. But this relationship with Alton is not going to stop," she said,
  abruptly, not responding directly to his question.  
 Leena now sounded like the forthright feminist she was.  
 "So where does that leave me with this sick bullshit!" Lon shouted, forgetting
  for a moment his reaction to all of it.  
 "I'll take a divorce if you want one, Lonny, but that would still hurt the
  kids,"  
she said plaintively.  
 "Well, you weren't thinking much of the kids when you started fucking this
  Alton Drave!" Lon said, surprising himself a little.  
 "Lon, I know this is all tremendously unfair to you. You've been a good
  husband.  
I don't blame you for your anger and I don't expect you to understand. But
  I've done my share, you cannot deny, for 'kids,' and 'hubby. Now it's time
  for me to concentrate on Leena, wherever it takes me."  
 "I know where it's going to take you. You're going to end up as one of Alton
  Drave's live-in 'cunts.' Fuck twenty years plus of feminist rhetoric!" Lon
  said.  
 "Well then it's just too fucking bad, isn't it?" Leena said in the cruelest
  tone he'd ever heard from her.  
 She brushed past him and walked into her room, not closing the door as she
  usually did. She disrobed, completely ignoring him and he had a full view of
  the whipmarks on her back and the cane welts on her ass. It looked, too, like
  she had  
quite a few bruises on her tits. After disrobing, she went into the shower
  for a long bath.  
Lon was much less angry, really, than he had let
  on. This fact annoyed him, but it was an aspect of his nature. While Leena
  washed away what she could of the assault of Alton Drave, Lon quietly prepared
  breakfast and looked forward to talking more rationally.  
My Wife. His Whore. Part III.
Leena arrived in the kitchen wearing her usual
    housecoat. She sat down. 
"Let's talk Leena," Lon said.  
"OK, Lonny," Leena said, "But first let me talk
  without you interrupting, OK?" This sounded like the feminist Leena, who was
  ultra-sensitive about being interrupted by a man:  
"I am deeply submissive and I am a masochist. I
  guess if you've read my  
writings you know what I mean. I've tried to avoid
  men like Alton all my life. I had really not wanted to succumb to the seduction
  of this, because for me it is so incredibly strong. The kids kept me centered
  and I had fantasized and masturbated over the years, but I was able to keep
  away from it. When the kids  
left I just felt irresistibly drawn to it. I started
  reading things on the internet and learning how many women and men are involved
  in this kind of exploration.  
Finally, I arrived at Alton Drave's website.  
Alton Drave's website was a display of pure sexism,
  and perhaps that is why it hit me sexually like a thunderbolt. It was pure
  unadulterated audacity. My hand was trembling when I wrote my first message
  to him. He was cultured, brilliant, very well educated and a man who knew exactly,
  precisely what he wanted from a woman and there was no question that he would
  get it. Do you know how erotic that can be for a certain kind of woman?"  
Lon nodded his head, "I read your story about Bobby.
  I never knew, Leena, about any of this. I would never have dreamed it possible."  
"I'm a fucking bitch, Lonny. A hypocritical bitch.
  I didn't expect you to figure it out; I didn't want you to. But now you know.
  And I've gotten away with my bullshit front for years, because I was careful
  to avoid any man who could see through it. I bet I was as young as 8 years
  old, when I knew what kind of male would see to the core of me. I can spot
  them across a room. I can sense them in a place when I can't even see them.
  Maybe I shouldn't have been so affected by Bobby. I ran away like a scared
  little pussy and spent 30 years jacking myself off in the ladies' room with
  my fantasies, when&hellip;" Leena realized that she was treading on dangerous
  ground.  
 "No, Lonny, this has been a good marriage. I don't regret it. But I'm involved
  with a MAN now, who doesn't apologize for being a man. I know it's got to hurt
  you badly, Lonny, but Alton is calling the shots in my life now. I want to
  stay married for the sake of appearances and I'm bitch enough to want to have
  you to fall back on if it doesn't work out, but I'm getting what I need now,
  however it looks."  
 "So this fucking bastard can just whip you and cane you, and you don't think
  twice about it?  
 Leena looked at Lon with an anger in her eyes he had usually seen when she
  was going to launch into one of her feminist rants, "I think about it every
  chance I get, Lonny! I bowed to his man boots, licked them like a woman, and
  I begged him for the harsh pleasure of his hand. I kissed that whip and I kissed
  that fucking cane before he used them on me and those kisses were the purest
  kisses I've ever made. I love that 'bastard' you talk so stupidly about."  
 "You're in love with him?" Lon said in a trembling voice.  
 "I the most primal and total way. He's not afraid to take EVERYTHING that
  a woman has to offer&hellip;"  
 Leena got the dreamiest look in her eyes that he had ever seen. She was
  like a teenaged girl in love with Johnny Depp. Leena was lost to him, it really
  seemed, and yet, in a contradictory gesture she took his hand and kissed it.  
 "You shoved your prick in me and made me with child, twice. I'm a bitch,
  but I am a submissive bitch and I do respect you for your fatherhood in this
  marriage and for the way that you have made a home for us. It's extremely selfish,
  Lonny, but I love you deeply and I want you in my life. I think Alton might
  allow it."  
 "Allow it?" Lon said, fear striking his coward's heart.  
 "Well, I know he lets Trina go home to fuck her husband once a month."  
 "Trina was married?" Lon said in amazement.  
 "She's still married, though she really doesn't want it," Leena said.  
 "But what does her husband say?"  
 "He's in limbo like you, but, personally, I think he likes Trina better
  the way she is now. She knows how to serve a man now and Alton makes certain
  she truly serves her husband, when she goes home. Even a weak man can take
  pleasure in an obedient cunt&hellip;" Leena realized once again she'd crossed
  the line into insulting Lon, but she  
didn't try to correct her statement.  
 "So basically you're telling me that Alton Drave is going to decide to what
  extent  
we stay together?"  
 "Wake up and smell the coffee, Lonny. I'm your wife, but I'm his obedient
  WHORE. I have no control over this relationship and I don't want control, but
  it seems like Alton enjoys humiliating husbands and boyfriends. He likes to
  play mind games with them and often keeps them in contact with his 'bitches,'
  just so he can lord it over both them and their 'boys.' He even brings them
  into his house so they can watch what he does. It's just an aspect of his dominance.
  But he also likes variety in his cunts and has rarely kept one bitch alone
  with him for long. So&mdash;I have to be realistic too. I want him, I love
  him and he has me any way he wants me. You have to know that, Lonny. But he's
  a real man, he will do as he pleases."  
 Lon looked at Leena closely. He had always seen her as a truly good person.
  She was always the champion of the oppressed. The woman he saw before him,
  her face still blotchy from the sexual abuse of Alton Drave, her posture severely
  affected by the assault that her buttocks and back had taken, was just a selfish,
  manipulative bitch. He should have been revolted, but he knew now that he was
  emotionally and sexually already entangled in hers and Alton Drave's perverse
  relationship. He decided to utter his own truths now that might be shocking
  themselves.  
 "OK, Leena. I've done a lot of thinking about this&hellip;"  
 She looked at him expectantly.  
 "I'm totally devoted to you. I just am. But more than that&hellip;"  
 "Go ahead, Lonny, puke it up!" Leena said in her coldest bitchy tone. She
  sensed that he was about to reveal his own "disgusting" secret.  
 "I was incredibly turned on by what Alton was doing to you&hellip;"  
 Leena laughed the first truly cynical laugh he'd ever heard from him. "So
  you're a submissive little cunt, too?" She spit out.  
 "Submissive?" Lon gave her look of puzzlement. He wasn't strong enough to
  refute her insult or to recognize its truth. "All I know is that all of this
  has turned me on incredibly. I can't say I approve. I can't bring myself to
  that. But I can accept it. To be honest&mdash;and I've thought about this in
  tears and deep anguish for a while now, I admire Alton Drave. The balls! I
  just don't have them. Not like that. So&mdash;just to see what's happening
  to you, it is such a mystery to me. I'm just drawn in&mdash;I would never,
  ever imagined it."  
 "Well I'm glad you feel that way, Lonny. Because you have no choice in the
  matter and neither do I." She said this very, very coldly, but then relented
  and took Lon's hand in hers. "I'll never serve you, Lonny, it's just not possible.
  But we've been man and wife for a long time. I love you in such a different
  way. Let's both hope that we can continue together. I do need someone to understand
  me. Alton can be very, very harsh  
and your openness and kindness is a real balm." Leena's statement trailed
  off into silence.  
  
They had crossed the threshold now, he and Leena.
  Lon was relieved to have come out in the open, finally, but he also could see
  that for all the "deep love" that Leena professed for him, the unrestrained
  passion she felt for Alton Drave was by far the stronger force. He was going
  to be a spectator to what unfolded next, he would have no control (and his
  own fierce passion was spurred on here.) He could feel the pain and torment
  of his heart twist there in a perverse, exquisite pleasure of denial and expectation.
  He had not lost Leena. But, somehow, by a perversely thin thread she still
  was connected to him. "My wife. His whore," Lon thought quietly to himself, "My
  wife. His whore." It made his prick hard to think of it.  
The next three days Leena let Lon minister to the
  wounds that had been inflicted on her, the painful rake marks on her back,
  and the cane stripes. And she abstractedly let him assist her, as she prepared
  herself for her next visit to Mr. Drave. Most often she treated him, in this,
  like a ghost, hardly acknowledging his existence. She had clear instructions
  from her Master, as to how she was to groom and care for herself, when waiting
  to serve him-- that is, between her visits to him. Leena, abstractedly allowed
  Lon the now required duty of shaving her cunt perfectly clean every morning,
  as, the abuse to her back did not allow her easily do this. Of course, her
  armpits and legs too now were to be shaved closely everyday, something that
  Leena had never done since he had met her. He did this also. He also took care
  of affixing the new, long false fingernails she was to wear, and painted them
  carefully for her every morning, after her bath. He plucked her eyebrows, too,
  now, in their new shape and learned how to make them up, along with her eyes.
  The rest of Leena's make-up, which now never left her face bare, she preferred
  to do herself, fussing obsessively over the old-fashioned easily fading lipstick
  that was to perfectly adorn her mouth during all waking hours. He managed for
  her the new permanent with strikingly feminine curls, which she primped constantly.
  Leena didn't assume the role of dominant with him. She was too abstracted and
  distant for anything like that. Her prodigious powers of concentration and
  will that Lon so admired in her, were now totally focused on pleasing Alton
  Drave. In all this, Lon realized that he fit frighteningly naturally into the
  role that had been dealt him. He said little about it, but it was obvious that
  this thankless role to prepare his wife for Master Alton Drave excited him
  incredibly.  
Leena began to talk to Lon like she might talk
  to her girlfriend Lillian. But where the old Leena had been emotionally completely
  in control, the Leena that had come forward to be claimed by Alton Drave was
  very different. Indeed, it was cruel of her to be so open and gushing about
  her experiences with Alton. Leena certainly knew what a bitch this made her,
  but the important thing for her to have Lon know, was that is was precisely
  this aspect of her that called her to Alton Drave.  
"That little bitch, Trina," Leena would say. "Alton
  says that she sleeps in the bed  
and I sleep the floor next to the bed where I belong. Before I'm through
  that cunt will be out of the house. I'll show him who knows how to serve."  
 Lon knew there was no logic at work her and nothing for him to say. In any
  case,  
as always, he was intimidated by Leena's ferocity, though he had never heard
  her make a catty remark in her life about another female. Her rule had been
  solidarity.  
 But this sort of comment was easier to bear. It was when she waxed rhapsodic
  about Alton that he felt the color raise in his face and felt the buzz of his
  own perverse passion. She was touching up her foundation, complaining about
  how the blotches on her face were hard to cover:  
 "I got a fierce fucking after Alton was finished 'teaching' me, as he calls
  it,  
 after he was done with his whip and cane. He tied me over a padded horse
  he  
 has in his dungeon and dildoed and fucked me until I had to scream."  
 Leena took forever getting ready in her room for school. When she came into
  the bedroom where he lay looking at the ceiling he smelled the thick perfume
  that had been a forbidden substance in their house for their entire marriage.
  Leena was dressed in a ridiculous costume. She wore all black with a see-through
  black blouse and a black, frilly bra. She had on her black leather skirt, black
  seamed hose and her difficult black high-heeled pumps. She had spent a lot
  of time on her face, but particularly unexpected were the long, false eyelashes
  she wore, thickly made up. The bright slash of lipslicker on her lips was almost
  shocking.  
 "You're going to school, looking like that?" Lon said, shocked.  
 "Alton decides how I dress, now, on a daily basis."  
 Leena continued, almost seeming to relish rubbing the salt into Lon's tender
  wounds: "These high heels hurt from the moment I put them on. They are one
  clear sign of Alton's control of me. As a feminist, I have always said that
  high heels are designed by men, for men, for the hobbling and control of women
  and that opinion has not changed. But I take deep pleasure in feeling this
  pain, knowing that Alton is proud enough to demand it of me. Alton wants me
  dressed and looking like a whore, because he knows what I really am."  
 Leena went to the door and opened it. She turned to look at Lon with a perverse
  look that seemed to meld pride, surprise at herself, and wonder that he was
  willing to just be a bystander to this new Leena. Leena slammed the door hard.
  Lon jumped at the loud noise, surprised at this violent expression of hers.
  He knew that there was an element of contempt in it&mdash;he knew.  
 Lon couldn't even imagine the reception Leena would have at school. She'd
  clearly thrown caution to the winds. There hadn't been a frilly dress in that
  department for 15 years and now Leena was going to show up like this? Lon's
  cock was hard.  
With the strong whiff Leena's new perfume in his nose, he went directly to
  her computer to satisfy his craven appetite for knowledge of her transformation.
  I  
He went directly to Alton Drave's website and looked further.  
He found a gallerny entitled, "Woman Art." Mr.
  Drave's pictures were astonishingly kinky. All of the pictures in this gallery
  showed women completely depersonalized. All were exquisitely dressed in what
  Lon now saw was Mr. Drave's preferred style. The fabrics were most always satin,
  velvet or silk, occasionally leather or wool.. They were all in the colors
  black, red and white. Nearly always the colors were solid, but occasionally
  there were patterns and prints with these three colors only. Mr. Drave liked
  corsets and corselets. He liked frilly lingerie of obscene sorts with open
  crotches and open tit nipples. He liked seamed stockings and garterbelts. He
  liked very high heeled pumps in black, red and white leather only with closed,
  pointed toes and long thin heels. He liked make-up, particularly bright lipslicker.
  He liked long painted nails. He liked lots of jewelry, particularly long, heavy,
  glamour style earrings.  
The set of pictures in "Woman Art" showed several
  women in what was termed "utilitarian" poses. The women were of various shapes
  and sizes, one extremely beautiful, one rather largish and unpretty, the others
  in between. The first picture was a woman standing in heels, hose, garterbelt,
  special panties and bra, in red and black colors, nicely made up, lots of jewelry
  on, with her wrists and anklets tied with black satin rope. In her mouth was
  a light bulb that by some trick was fully lit. Next to her on a table was a
  large lampshade. This picture was sardonically entitled, "Standing Lamp." She
  stood in the corner of an elegant livingroom with a fireplace, standing over
  a large stuffed chair. A second picture showed her with the lampshade on her
  head like a hat, obscuring her face.  
A third picture showed a woman similarly clothed
  with a specially designed gag in her mouth with a silver hat hook on it. She
  wore very large glamour style earrings that jutted out with silver hooks to
  the side. The third picture showed hats on all three of the hooks. This picture
  was entitled, "Hat Rack  ," not so subtly punning to make
  clear that she had very large, rather firm breasts that strained at their pretty
  black, obscene bra.  
Another picture was entitled, "Glamourous Coffee
  Table," a kneeling woman, dressed to the nines, with magazines and a steaming
  cup of coffee on her back.  
Lon was astonished. These were not simple art pictures,
  but pictures that revealed the dynamics of Mr. Drave's own personal life. All
  the pictures were well-lighted and were quite beautiful on their surface. But
  Lon was stunned by the contempt and misogyny they seemed to display. How could
  any man control a woman to the point where she was willing to be completely
  humiliated this way? Lon was not turned on by the pictures in and of themselves,
  but he found himself fascinated, against his will, by the diabolical mind of
  the man who made them. That would have been all, had he not looked at a final
  picture, "Comfortable Hassock," of a crouching woman, high heeled, the usual
  frilly lingerie on, with a picture of a man's lower legs and feet resting comfortably
  on her back. The shoes looked like the shined black shoes of Alton Drave ,
  and only Lon would have been able to see, because her face was looking away
  from the camera, that this "Hassock" was his own dear wife, Leena.  
Now Lon could feel his face flush and his cock
  get rigid. He felt the churning of fear in his stomach and the nauseating rush
  of sexual pleasure overtaking his body. He was fascinated by Alton Drave's
  power over the generic "woman," but he was completely overwhelmed by this presumption
  of his wife. He knew now that this humiliation of her he felt as a direct humiliation
  of himself. To his surprise and horror it turned him on in the deepest and
  most perverse way. His confusion was deep, but there was an element of clarity
  in it. He wanted to see this in person. He was ready to "accept(?)" it. He
  knew for sure, in any case, that the old Leena was gone. Perhaps, in his own
  perversion, he could share in that of Leena?  









My Wife. His Whore.&nbsp; Part IV

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By Victor Mann


It&#8217;s been a few years since this story began.&nbsp; I always appreciate reviews, comments and communications.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;VM


Leena was dressed in a ridiculous costume.&nbsp; She wore all black with a see-through black blouse and a black, frilly bra.&nbsp; She had on her black leather skirt set off by a black patent leather belt, black seamed hose and her difficult black high-heeled pumps.&nbsp; She had spent a lot of time on her face, but particularly unexpected were the long, false eyelashes she wore, thickly made up.&nbsp; The bright slash of lipslicker on her lips was almost shocking. She looked like an expensive whore.&nbsp; 

 She got in her car to go teach her Woman&#8217;s Studies course, Patriarchy and its Effects, at her school.&nbsp; Today the course topic was to be Women&#8217;s Fashion and Male Dominance.&nbsp; The students had read her full book, a comprehensive study, which had the same title as the class.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;.Leena drew in the strong whiff of her pungent perfume into her nostrils.&nbsp; Meeting the passion in her, it seemed to nearly sear her lungs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fuckin&#8217; whore, were the words that echoed in her head and she felt wetness of her cunt, which never seemed to be dry when she dressed herself up for Alton.&nbsp; She realized that she had learned how to drive her car in high heels.&nbsp; The first time she&#8217;d done it, she felt like she was learning how to drive all over again. She had to rock her feet back on her thin heels to push the pedals with just the right force.&nbsp; She looked into her car mirror to see her freshly made-up face.&nbsp; Face ready for cock-sucking, she thought, involuntarily mimicking the words of Alton as He would stand over her.&nbsp; Tight in her womb, wet in her cunt, on a sexual edge beyond the sexual Leena reveled in the feeling.&nbsp; When she breathed it was sex; when she moved it was sex; when she thought it was sex.&nbsp; It took a true Master to take a bitch like her and make her know what she really was for.&nbsp; I&#8217;m His obedient fucking servant cunt, she thought and felt the deep tautness in her womb that made her feel like she was floating&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stopped the car in the lot next to the department and redid her face again as was Alton&#8217;s requirement.&nbsp; She doused herself again, also, with the strong perfume of His choice.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was the Man Who had shoved His Prick in her face and called her a whore.
He was the Man Who only wanted an obedient bitch for fucking.&nbsp; He was the Man Who&nbsp; took pleasure in caning her, striping her ass and back with the wounds of His power and then he had brutally fucked her and told her in no uncertain terms&nbsp; that no bitch was going to have rights before Him.&nbsp;&nbsp; And she had felt----just then when He had said words that ravaged and destroyed the core of the philosophy she had represented and purveyed for 25 years, words that tore apart every shred of the garment of lies that she had constructed to protect herself---an orgasmic spasm that plunged her into a maelstrom of passion.&nbsp; At that moment she loved Alton in the most primal and direct way.&nbsp; She knew too that He had exposed the secret at the core of her womanliness; the secret that she had fought to keep hidden for so long: her passionate desire for fealty and true servitude to a strong Man.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the car now, she breathed with the desire to please her Master whatever the outside world including her own husband might think. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Leena had made her plan for her class, her senior honors seminar.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She loved the audacious contradiction of it.&nbsp; The classroom was right near the door of the building and she had arrived about 15 minutes before the students were to enter.&nbsp; She always stood to speak and then would walk back and forth across the front of the classroom before the blackboard.&nbsp; When she gave a quiz she would sit on a classroom chair with its flat attachment for writing.&nbsp; She pretended to be engrossed in reviewing her notes when the young women (and a few graduate students) wondered in.&nbsp; The young women, to a person, gaped at her when they entered the room.&nbsp; Most were too shocked at looking at her outfit to say anything.&nbsp; When a student would begin to say, Ms. Frei, what is up
she would put her finger to her lips and bid them to keep quiet, as though this were part of some secret.&nbsp; 

When the students had all arrived, murmuring among themselves, but generally keeping decorum, she came out from behind the podium and addressed them in the serious tones she always addressed them with:&nbsp; Girls, she said as though to provoke them---she had always addressed them as women before, though they were quite young,&nbsp; I want you all to look carefully at the way I am attired today.&nbsp; I want to you look at every detail and aspect of my dress and make-up; then, using the knowledge you have gained from your studies in the class so far and any other knowledge that you might have gained in this program in course of your studies, I want you to write an honest feminist commentary on my &#8216;look.&#8217; I know that, today, my coming into a class like this looking this way should trigger anger, repulsion and some very deep level responses.&nbsp; I do not want you to censor in any way the responses and thoughts that you will have in writing a five page response paper.&nbsp; I will walk several times up and down the aisles, adopting the walk and demeanor that I feel properly accord with this style of dress and accoutrement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this, Leena passed out the blue books for a snap quiz, did her promised circuit of the classroom so that the girls could get a good look at her full garb and&nbsp; the attitude she felt appropriate to it.&nbsp; Then she sat down in the front of the room in the chair. Because her black leather mini-skirt was very short, most students could see that she wore thigh-high hose under them that were attached to a black garter-belt. One or two girls in the front would have been able to glimpse her crotchless black panties underneath her very, very brief, frilly, purely ornamental, black slip.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she had walked around the classroom for the girls, she had made her heels click in the whory way that Alton had ordained for her.&nbsp; Her demeanor was, submissive cunt demeanor, as she had learned from Him---- though she really didn&#8217;t need to be taught; she had always known.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She maintained her submissive cunt look--- a sweet, cutesy smile on her face, an open, receptive expression on it as though always looking for an clue as to how she should feel and respond, as the girls one by one came forward to hand in their blue books and leave the classroom.&nbsp; Some of them thought that her dramatic appearance and unusual behaviour were simply a creative teaching tool and smiled their approval, as they walked up.&nbsp; Others looked simply stunned and couldn&#8217;t imagine what was going on.&nbsp; They looked tentative and bit fearful.&nbsp; A significant group looked genuinely angry and upset. Of this group, most would avert their eyes and try not too look at her one on one.&nbsp; One or two seemed ready to blurt out their protest and what she was doing, but decided against it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the girls responded like good girl students, giving rote answers that came directly from Leena&#8217;s book, which, though containing a recent forward from a prominent 1960&#8217;s feminist, was in its 10th edition without much revision.&nbsp; She saw the references to her high heels as slave shoes, made by men for men,&nbsp; doll make-up which objectifies a woman, making them less than human, her piece of sex meat, sex object look, lipstick and face-paint erase a woman&#8217;s real being in favor of the man, was a common phrase, her pornographic look --- pornography objectifies and degrades women No doubt her small college department was one of the last throwback Women&#8217;s Studies Departments, one of the last bastions of old-line feminism.&nbsp; But they recruited as a result true believers, women who really believed in these ideas despite the fact that their own generation was quite a bit past them. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Leena saved her best students&#8217; papers for last.&nbsp; They were the most thoughtful and eloquent and, one of them, Sally Leland, a new graduate student, Leena knew would not hold back; she was forthright and tended toward the scathing polemic that Leena herself had sought to bring forward in her best students.&nbsp; She read excerpts of Sally&#8217;s long, passionate essay,

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having my teacher standing in front of the room looking like a fucking
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;whore, I found personally disgusting and degrading as a feminist and as a 
woman.&nbsp; Then she walked around the room looking like a stupid cunt as
if somehow this was a teaching method.&nbsp; I am going to protest her actions
very strongly to the department chair.&nbsp; I realize that some of the language I&#8217;m using here is not politically correct.&nbsp; But I must register my protest in the strongest terms. This vision of female servitude to men&#8217;s &#8216;ideals&#8217; about what&nbsp; a &#8216;girl&#8217; should look like would be infuriating in a shopping mall, but in a serious class about women&#8217;s liberation such a sight goes beneath contempt.&nbsp; We all know that
high heels are crippling devices meant to hobble women for the purposes of
pleasing the tastes of men. They are meant to show that women are slaves pure and simple. And the conventional, fetischistic &#8216;dress-up&#8217; garments, all frilly and pointless, like stockings, frilly bras, see-through blouses, etc., simply show&nbsp; that women are nothing but their sexual organs--- they debase women because they present them as really only &#8216;made for one thing.&#8217;&nbsp; Then the disgusting face-paint---lipstick and such--- along with the false lashes and false fingernails make the point clear as day&nbsp; that women are not worthy in and of them selves and need &#8216;improvement&#8217; in styles decided by men.&nbsp; Such things must be opposed by
self-respecting women, if we ever want to truly be free.&nbsp; Add to this the hopeless
wiggling and contorting of the body as though fucking was all women were for,
the clicking down the stupid high heels as if to say, &#8216;here&#8217;s your Barbie doll!
and the disgusting &#8216;come hither&#8217; pursed lips made me want to puke.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Leena read the vituperative screed closely. It made her shiver.&nbsp; She had come so far from this. She was going to belie all of it.&nbsp; But she knew that a&nbsp; basic level Sally was right.&nbsp; She, Leena, was in servitude, was a slave, and did not have any pride before Alton.
But that was why she felt, for the first time in a very long time, like an authentic woman,
and not some phony bitch who tried to deny what she was every day.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Leena drove to Alton&#8217;s house to make a present of the blue-book quizzes to Him.
After kneeling at the door to take His rude prick in her face as His greeting, she sat on the mat at His black-booted feet with a gagged and hand-bound Trina sitting prettily on a mat at the other side.&nbsp; Alton perused the blue-books closely.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What they say is true, don&#8217;t you think so, cunt?&nbsp; He said.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes, Sir.&nbsp; They are absolutely true, Leena said.&nbsp; There was no contradiction in her heart at this statement.&nbsp; She wanted Alton to understand that, not only did she renounce totally any of her previous views, but she wanted Him to know---she craved and yearned to have Him know--- that she only wanted to think His way now.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That is why that this bitch essay is going to remain in your cunt mouth for the rest of the day, He said as He forced Sally&#8217;s blue-book into Leena&#8217;s mouth and tied it
in place with a black velvet rope.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tears came to Leena&#8217;s eyes now.&nbsp; Humiliations like this could cut anyone deeply, this was sure.&nbsp; But before her Master such humiliation seemed to transform in an instant of thought into a searing pleasure that racked her at her core. The building, unholy passion of the last weeks seemed to culminate now and she could not stop it.&nbsp; She shuddered in a paroxysm of orgasm.&nbsp; The tears that began from pain continued to flow from her eyes and down her cheeks as profound tears of thanks for Alton&#8217;s Mastery of her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her cunt dripped with juice and need for Him.&nbsp; Her heart burst with the pure joy of her fealty. What she wanted and needed: for a Man to shove her bullshit philosophy down her throat&nbsp; What she wanted and need: a servile place at a Real Man&#8217;s feet, true servitude.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alton&nbsp; put His hand under her chin and uplifted it so He could look more closely at her eyes awash in tears.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Looks like you have finally got the message bitch.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this, He had Trina lie quietly on her back to use her like some Men might use a blow-up fuck doll. Alton used the fuck, which His slave-women so much craved,
as a point of humiliation and emphasis of His power.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Little Trina, He said while taking His time to pinch her tits and make sure that His large Prick would stir her passions to the boiling point. It looks like you&#8217;re in competition with another set of holes in this house now.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Leena smiled slightly beneath her tears.&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp; 


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









My Wife.&nbsp; His Whore.&nbsp; Part V.

I always appreciate evaluations and comments (directly or indirectly) on my chapters.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Leena did not return that night, Lon knew where she had gone. She was at the house of her Master Alton Drave. Leena&nbsp; was now a submissive whore for&nbsp; Alton Drave insofar as and as long as he wanted her, most likely.&nbsp; Where the ordinary man would be feeling fury beyond limit because of what had eventuated here, Lon&#8217;s feelings had twisted into a passion of a most unusual sort. He could not himself believe how a prick that barely&nbsp; got hard once week before was now stiff and aching day and night as he thought of the illicit passion that his wife shared with Alton Drave. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When day turned to evening and then night and he realized it was unlikely that Leena was going to return that night (if at all) he found himself nearly crazed with searching through her letters back and forth to Alton.&nbsp; He even began to take out the new garments she had acquired for Alton, one by one,&nbsp; to look at them and feel them.&nbsp; He was overwhelmed and carried away by a deep, voyeuristic passion.&nbsp; It was clear that somehow he deeply wanted his wife to be like she was for Alton Drave, but not being capable of effecting&nbsp; this in her himself, instead he reveled, second-hand, in her humiliation and degradation.&nbsp; And his nauseating state of arousal was certainly fed in no small part because this humiliation was his own humiliation also as a husband.. He had spent some time torn and heartsick at this incredible bombshell to his life.&nbsp; But now he found himself only wanting to see how Leena was with Alton, every detail, every move.&nbsp; He knew that he was the third wheel in a relationship far beyond him, but craved to be near to it, to see it, to revel in it. .&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having no real clue of his role and only going now by his instinct for his own perverse pleasure, Lon spent some time cleaning out Leena&#8217;s closets.&nbsp; Perhaps there was an element of spite in him removing every dress-down garment and shoe that Leena possessed from her closet, putting them all in boxes and putting them in the basement.
If she was a whore let her be a whore! In her closet room/dressing room he arranged something of an obscene display of her kinky underwear neatly folded on a medium sized table just to the side of her dresser. To make a point only he could fully understand he also took out the 7 pairs of new, stilletto high heels and stood them up in various places in the room: most of them in front of her closet in a neat row, but also on top of her dresser, and on the floor by the door.&nbsp; He even put a pair of them together next to the computer where he seemed to spend more and more of his time searching the obscene websites in her files, obsessively tracking her new course of thought.&nbsp; He would go into that room, lonely, on the next two nights and sniff at her panties and masturbate thinking of her cunt being rudely fucked by Alton Drave.&nbsp; He found himself thinking that Alton Drave was right about women: they were cunts to be used.&nbsp; And the fact of his wife being another man&#8217;s whore--- for real, with no holds barred was fuel that drove his fantasies.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lon heard nothing from Leena for three days. He did hear from friends that Leena&#8217;s classes were being taught for the rest of the term by a hired lecturer.&nbsp; Somehow he had expected as much and this did nothing to alter his helpless, impassioned daze.&nbsp; He really needed to hear from her, but he wasn&#8217;t going to call Alton Drave&#8217;s house again.&nbsp; It had been too frightening. 

 On Friday afternoon Lon received a long, typed letter from Leena.&nbsp; The contents seemed calculated to drive him to further frenzy.&nbsp; She gave no salutation in the letter; it began abruptly.

i write this letter at the command of my Master. Most of the words and thoughts in this letter are mine, but you should know that Master now edits and rewrites to His liking any correspondence that i do.&nbsp; Of course, for this i am deeply thankful, as i think now only of His pleasure. (But whether I like it or not is really not the issue is it?&nbsp; As my Sir says: MY whores do what they are fucking told whether they like it or not.) 

My cunt mouth is gagged shut now, as i write this, as is His whim. The large, shiny-red ball-gag does force my nicely lipsticked lips into an artful splay, which is pleasing to Master. (And here I have been permitted to add: i think this makes my face, my visage itself, look very, very beautiful.)&nbsp; Sir is teaching me His aesthetic for women which i learn in slow, often painful lessons each day.&nbsp; (Lessons that i deeply love and savor.) i am dressed as you could imagine most perfectly femininely. (i should note that I am being corset-shaped to the hour-glass figure that pleases Sir.) i feel the pain and pleasure now of the cane stripes He gives Me on my ass and my cunt is raw from His frequent, proud use. i AM Alton Drave&#8217;s slave whore now, without reservation.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should know this, Lon.

To be clear: Master graced me this week with humble residence in His house.&nbsp; A house where at long last i can be with a REAL Man. i shall be staying here as long as it suits Him. i am praying that it will be permanent, as I have never truly loved any man as i do My Master.&nbsp; (By the way that big-titted, little bitch Trina is sleeping on the floor now next to the bed.&nbsp; Master says He likes His, new piece of meat, better and so i have a place now, however humble it may be, at His side in bed each night. i welcome the extensive and difficult preparations that He requires for Me to get ready for that place each night. i don&#8217;t think there is a paid whore in America who does more in advance to go to bed with a Man.)

i do want to say praise in this letter, for you to clearly hear and know, to the Prick and Will of my Master.&nbsp; He has skewered me on that harsh, potent spear of His, where i squirm and twist with love and need. i had waited all my life for a Man not just to fuck my body (which you never really even did, Lon) but to fuck my soul and make it His. i wanted a Man to stick His Prick right through me, as though my being itself were nothing but a cunt for Him, and fill that bitch void in me that had yearned so long to know true meaning.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bitches will lie about cocks and say that, size doesn&#8217;t matter, but there isn&#8217;t a woman in the world who doesn&#8217;t want her womb really challenged by a large prick.&nbsp; Your five inches never did it for me, Lon, and i cannot describe to you how good it feels to have a long, thick, harsh Prick fill me completely and bump against my cervix in the fuck.&nbsp; When Sir fucks me, His size is such that He can actually hurt Me with His Cock alone while thrusting deep. It may sound simply kinky or even sick to you, Lon, but i need this pain and crave it.&nbsp; For me this is part of what it truly means to be a woman, though it is true that it makes me subject in the most direct way to this Man&#8217;s Prick-hard Cruelty and Whim.&nbsp; Last night i was pretty as i could be, my corset pulled extra tight, when Master put me over His modified saw-horse in His downstairs room. i was bent over forward, gagged and tied at the hands and chained at my high-heeled feet.&nbsp; He had clamp-weights on my tit nipples that hurt and stretched them terribly.&nbsp; He took His cane and put His Stripes on my buttocks so the marks would show really red and be clear today. i was in orgasm from just the caning and the pain in my tits alone and heard Him telling Me that this kind of pain is what a bitch deserves.&nbsp; How could i explain to you the exquisite pleasure i feel when My Sir is obscene with Me and uses degrading language for me that only HE has made true.&nbsp; And then that long, thick, relentless Prick was shoved in me and My craven cunt seized it like a lost treasure. i throbbed and ached and literally spurt pussy juice from my cunt and soaked His whole Cock, as He called Me every obscene name and MANNED me. God!&nbsp; When a Man knows what He is for real, and knows what a woman is for!&nbsp; He has made me a slavering servant whore with that huge Prick and Will of His. i&nbsp; do His Will now and do as i am fucking told. i suck His Scepter, lick His boots and kiss and clean out with my bitch tongue His Man-ass and revel in it! i&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like a real woman now, for the first time in my life. i am truly at peace with My low position and place, a place i could never have with you, Lonny.&nbsp; You have neither the Prick nor the Will to put me in my fucking bitch place, as Sir does. It&#8217;s just a fact.&nbsp; And that is what i&#8217;ve always needed, having spent a lifetime pretending.&nbsp; And the pretence is really fucking over, Lonny.&nbsp; The cunts in my department can do what they want, but I&#8217;ve sent in my resignation letter. i told them: i resign from my academic position and i resign from bitch &#8216;femiinism&#8217; i&#8217;m sorry, i&#8217;ve found a MAN.

As i said before, Master does take pleasure in letting the men from whom He&#8217;s taken a cunt see what they might have had.&nbsp; Pictures of Master&#8217;s training of Me will be regularly posted on His website in the My Whores gallery.&nbsp; You might enjoy the essay i wrote in that section entitled, Misogyny. i&#8217;m sure i&#8217;ll see you again in not too long in whatever shape i happen to be in!

Your wife.&nbsp; His whore,

slavecunt leena



Lon dove deeply into leena&#8217;s (without a capital letter at the beginning now) provocative letter and studied each line.&nbsp; Every adjective that pertained to Master was capitalized in an almost formal way to show her deep obeisance to Him.&nbsp;&nbsp; The capital i&#8217;s that Leen used for the first person pronoun, referring to herself, were all made lowercase in the letter so as to emphasize her lower status as a woman before Alton Drave.&nbsp; Lon could see that Leena&#8217;s mindset was now very deeply reflective of Alton Drave&#8217;s male supremacist ideology.&nbsp; But he knew that this was not mere brainwashing. In looking through her correspondence with Sir Drave he had found that the extremely politically correct manner and rhetoric that Leena had had for more than 20 years was underlain by a deep masochism and need for domination.&nbsp; She was right.&nbsp; He would never have been able to do it.&nbsp; 

His cock rigid and hard, his mind racing, his belly churning with this unholy voyeuristic passion that had engulfed him, Lon went to Alton Drave&#8217;s website and to the gallery, My Whores.&nbsp; There were dozens of recent pictures of Leena and Alton Drave posted there.&nbsp; Perhaps because she had now resigned her faculty position, her face was now visible in many of the pictures.&nbsp; All of the pictures that showed Leena had been given captions and sections of the pictures too had captions on them.&nbsp; He had no doubt that these had been written by Leena herself.&nbsp; 

The first section of pictures was entitled, Whore grooming and packaging.&nbsp; It showed Leena naked, early in the morning, coming to an elaborate dressing room with a very large mirror.&nbsp; Garments, shoes and boxes for jewelry were shown in the background.&nbsp; Sitting on a small metal stool in a tiled and drained area in one corner of the rather large space which had a faucet, the section showed Leena in graphic pictures, shaving her already nicely bald cunt in the morning.&nbsp; Next she carefully shaved her legs and then her armpits.&nbsp; Striking in the pictures was Leena&#8217;s demeanor.&nbsp; There was a languid docility to her actions that communicated to the camera a sense of deep devotion to her tasks, clearly ordained by her harsh Master.&nbsp; Where the Leena he had known almost all his life, was assertive and forthright nearly to ferocity at times, this woman offered herself authentically as a docile, servile, subservient slave doing her Master&#8217;s bidding.&nbsp; 

Lon stroked his hard cock as he flipped through the dozens of pictures that constituted, in effect, a reverse strip-tease. There were small captions, written by Leena, at each step, e.g.,she removes bitch, offensive hair each day to show that she has no desire for assertion.&nbsp; The final pictures showed Leena facing the camera, standing so that all the details of her dress could be seen.&nbsp; The harsh corset that she now wore under her dress changed her waist contours considerably.&nbsp; Besides that, she looked not much different than when he saw her leave the house for the last time, but somewhat more elegant.&nbsp; She wore a black satin dress, set off by her black seamed hose and rigid, pointed black leather pumps with what seemed to be nearly five inch heels.&nbsp; Her red, painted fingernails now seemed a bit longer (as they were false, the length could be changed quickly (though not without difficulty).) She wore somewhat more elaborate, glamour style earrings that nearly touched her shoulders.&nbsp; Most significant again were the full-face pictures of Leena which, because there was no gag to disguise it, showed her expression.&nbsp; Never in his life had Lon seen this expression on Leena. Her eyes had an almost vacant, docile, placid look that seemed a caricature of what Leena once was.&nbsp; Lon nearly came to orgasm playing with himself in looking at these pictures.&nbsp; He had to stop stroking himself or he would have come.&nbsp; Lips lightly curled in a pleasant, passive, very, very feminine smile, Leena&#8217;s eyes offered a beautiful, open, receptive gaze that any man in the world would want to see on a woman.&nbsp; But there was no doubt about it, this was a gaze that communicated a deep, committed subservience in her role as woman.

The next pictures were taken of&nbsp; Leena, gently mincing across the floor&#8212;and Lon found that this sequence was actually videoed and could be activated for the viewing audience. It showed Leena approaching Alton who was still asleep, lying on his bed, apparently dressed in soft black leather for the night.&nbsp; Gently, Leena removed the light blanket upon her Master, showing that he had slept the night in his shiny black boots.&nbsp; Alton stirred as Leena gently and systematically licked his boot bottoms and proceeded to kiss and lick his boot tops, kneeling on the bed over them. Her gently lisped words, in the sweetest most feminine tones came from her lips: your obedient whore offers her obeisance to you this morning, Master.

Master Drave was wearing leather pants in bed, with a cut-out area for his crotch which gave Leena immediate access.&nbsp; After her subservient morning greeting, Leena put her lips to the awakening Alton&#8217;s large cock and began to kiss it into turgidity.&nbsp; The many video cameras made it possible to see clearly that she was leaving lipstick lip prints systematically on Alton&#8217;s cock as she brought it to
full tumescence. Fuckin&#8217; whore, were the first words from Master Drave&#8217;s lips,
as he interrupted her obeisant ministrations with a reach for her pretty, curled hair so as to get a grip on it and control her.&nbsp; The sheer obscenity of the gross assault of&nbsp; Leena&#8217;s face by Alton&#8217;s large swollen cock made Lon ejaculate after heavily stroking his cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; Alton was taking head as he called it and seemed extraordinarily callous in the way he satisfied himself with Leena&#8217;s obedient mouth.&nbsp; At last Lon could hear Leena choking on the spurt of Alton&#8217;s essence in the back of her throat--- Lon could see Leena with great effort suppress her gagging, and Leena&#8217;s swallowing, in several difficult gulps, the spill of semen that Alton had forced down her throat.&nbsp; Fix your fucking lipstick, cunt, was Alton&#8217;s command as somehow Leena cleaned every drop of semen from his prick without disturbing the lipstick lip prints she had left there.&nbsp; Alton, Lon learned, would, in the shower room count those prints carefully to make sure that there was one for each inch of his very large cock: 9 lipstick prints were required. (For an 8  inch cock.)

Thus ended the posting of Alton Drave&#8217;s, My Whores, gallery for that day.&nbsp; Lon, who usually would have to sleep for an hour after sexual intercourse, found himself with a new hard-on.&nbsp; He scrolled down to read the former feminist Leena&#8217;s obscene essay called&nbsp; Misogyny.&nbsp; It was a shocking repudiation of her radical feminist views, but done with the same eloquence and intellectual focus that all of her writings had.
While clearly betraying everything he had ever known about Leena; at the same time it was so Leena.:
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
When&nbsp; a woman is commanded by a dumb society to bow to
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;the conventions of a foolish equality, that is the true misogyny.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she is forced into the brutal, mindless mold of independence
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;and autonomy, that is the true misogyny.&nbsp; Lies and pretence
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;in this world force a cunt to pervert and distort her being
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;to conform to a false sense of what a woman is&#8212;that is the 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;true misogyny.&nbsp; Forcing a good, fuckable bitch to fear the 
garments and demeanor that are true for her and binding her
into&nbsp; a drab, dress-down, flirt-less straitjacket is misogyny.
It is only hate that prevents a woman, who needs it, from being 
the slave to her Man Master she was born to be. When a woman is
flapping her bitch mouth, spewing out vapid cunt nonsense
that betrays her core and begs for serious correction for her
own good, it is misogyny that says that her cunt mouth
should not be gagged good and shut. It is pure hate that
deigns that a set of holes for prick, a woman, should
spit and assert and act out against men, when, in her soul
she craves to have those holes filled authentically, and perfectly
by that very Prick and those very men.&nbsp; 

Evening was beginning to fall on this Friday.&nbsp; Lon decided he needed to take a shower before dinner--- perhaps he&#8217;d go out to eat tonight.&nbsp; He needed to calm himself some.
But how could he be calm when his wife was another man&#8217;s submissive whore and
he had elected himself to be the scorekeeper, counting the red welts on his dear wife&#8217;s ass that had come from the ministrations of her Master, counting the fucks she&#8217;d take in a day, counting.&nbsp; He after all was an accountant.



 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









My Wife. His Whore.&nbsp; Part VI.

The dreary rains of November in Seattle were the back-drop for the twisted pleasure and angst that Lon experienced, as if all real life were in suspension.&nbsp; In the next two weeks Lon&#8217;s only contact with Leena was via the video feeds in Alton Drave&#8217;s house and her occasional posts expressing her pleasure and satisfaction as Alton Drave&#8217;s house whore.&nbsp; Lon watched with fascination and dread&nbsp; at the apparent diminution of Trina&#8217;s role in Alton Drave&#8217;s household and the consequent focus upon Leena.&nbsp; Even after all of this Lon wanted to preserve the notion that somehow Leena was only going through a phase, but this close bonding between Leena and Alton Drave made him see that there was a very strong likelihood that Leena would never return to him. Mixed in, powerfully, was the voyeueristic pleasure he took in seeing the wife he loved, the mother of his children being used, raped and hurt for all to see.&nbsp; The sexual tension finally made him ill and he stayed away from work six days, only to spend his time, in his weakened condition, excavating into Leena&#8217;s old notes to Alton Drave and obsessively watching his Leena serving, daily in the most debased and perverse ways in the house of her Master, Alton Drave.

The Drave Household

Usually, at home Lon did the cooking and most frequently made breakfast for the family.&nbsp; It had been Leena&#8217;s philosophy that domestic work was a patriarchal trap for women and thus she maintained, out of defiance, a slovenly attitude toward housework and distained cooking.&nbsp; She left these things for Lon to manage&#8212;and later, Lon was joined by their son, Steven, but never her daughter, Amy.&nbsp; The Drave household showed a shockingly different set of rules.&nbsp; After the videos of Leena&#8217;s morning preparations, meticulous and difficult, coming to her Master, obeisantly, to give him a face-fuck as good as any paid whore&#8217;s (or other sexual service, as Master Drave&#8217;s whim provided), new videos showed Leena&#8217;s household routines, as scripted by her Master. Now Alton Drave was an artist and in all of his videos and pictures, posted regularly and dutifully by his whores,&nbsp; there was the most careful artistry.&nbsp; Clearly Master Drave was lead by an obsessive need to control, both in his art and in his personal life.&nbsp; The result was a pornography of extraordinary quality.&nbsp; Lon was in no small part obsessed with looking at Mr.Drave&#8217;s products, precisely because of Mr. Drave&#8217;s frightening command in the details of his everyday life--- which was reflected in the art visible for all shown on his website.&nbsp; It came under a carefully selected rubric adopted for these new weeks with Leena: The Art of Woman Training.

In the video, once she had swallowed her Master&#8217;s morning spunk, Leena was bade to redo her lipstick.&nbsp; The camera followed her back to the bathroom-dressing room where she had prepared herself.&nbsp; There she redid her lipstick and with her face showing clearly the flush of her sexual arousal in the service she did for her Master, Leena, looking in the camera began an obscene show of stripping to her corset and lingerie and masturbating herself to a shattering orgasm with a large black, vibrating&nbsp; dildo.&nbsp; She recited with bated breath a statement, required of her, clearly, for the titillation of her viewers, but nevertheless stunningly sincere:&nbsp; This bootlick whore was made to swallow the prick scum of a real Man.&nbsp; This servant slut loves His whip and hurt and loves to eat his dirt; this&nbsp; bitch kept in her place, fucked in her face, loves you Master and your cruel grace!&nbsp; Certainly, this statement stiffened the prick of many an aspiring Master clicking into this website.&nbsp; To Lon it sent another lightening bolt to his prick and body.&nbsp; He desperately wanted to be a part somehow in Leena&#8217;s new world.

Reeling but unable to pull himself away, Lon clicked to proceed in watching Leena.&nbsp; Once she had recovered from her strong orgasm sitting in a chair, Leena put on slowly and erotically, to please the male viewers, a traditional French maid&#8217;s outfit, with its white, frilly apron sewed upon the very short, black satin lower portion of her dress. she seemed to float in an ether of docile servility.&nbsp; It was if Master Alton Drave had stripped away the rough carapace of her former self to reveal the soft inside which, any male viewer could see, carried the passionate glow of true femininity. Dutifully, she attached to her ankles the cuffs and chain that made her purpose and position clear. Lastly, she attached similar cuffs and chain to her wrists, marks of her true slavery.&nbsp; When she got up to head to the kitchen,&nbsp; Leena&#8217;s movements were gentle, languid and graceful, despite the inhibition that her ankle chain and high heels created for her.&nbsp; She went about her duties with a quiet focus that made clear that every move she made was intended for only one purpose: the please her harsh Master.&nbsp; There wasn&#8217;t a man in the western world who wouldn&#8217;t have been delighted to see such a nicely corseted, well made-up maid-bitch, mouth firmly gagged with a red ball-gag, striding femininely in her high heels and chains to go to the kitchen to make breakfast for her Master. 

Leena did her cooking duties slowly and carefully, following now an internal script about how an ideal house-cunt should conduct herself.&nbsp; But, of course, it took a forceful Master who could wisely read the script she&#8217;d hidden with lies for so long to bring her to this place of satisfaction and pleasure.&nbsp; And this is what ripped at Lon&#8217;s insides so sharply;&nbsp; Leena was doing all this out of pure love, a love Lon knew he could never have.

The surreal pornographic drama had its tension heighten considerably when the handsome Alton Drave, dressed in black, with a black shirt, and black polished leather vest, pants and boots, entered the scene with Trina on a leash and on all fours behind him, gagged, with her enormous tits swinging as she moved along.&nbsp; The end of a huge black dildo protruded from her cunt, and the glisten of her sexual fluids dripping in her shaved slit was clearly highlighted in the carefully placed cameras which unobtrusively recorded the obscene displays in carefully timed camera work directed, it appeared, by subtle movements that the Master made with meticulous choreography.&nbsp; Master Drave sat before his poached eggs, toast, fruit, coffee and orange juice, placing Trina to his left side, kneeling on all fours, as Leena knelt upright at his right on a soft, black satin mat.&nbsp; 

The camera focused now on Master&nbsp; Drave with periodic panning which took into view his two house slaves.&nbsp; It was for Lon an outrageous and disturbing display,&nbsp; but it provided a forum for Alton Drave&#8217;s radical and provocative views, vouchsafed, it seemed, by the fact that this was not idle theory.&nbsp;&nbsp; He had put them in practice.

As Alton began eating breakfast while the two women held their poses painfully steady under his sway.&nbsp; This was his household and castle and he, between bites, casually, but pointedly commented in his sharp, apparently misogynistic, rhetoric as if one were tuned into a very unusual television commentator making a personal statement on the far side of sexual politics:

These two cunts are mine, though they are nominally married to other men.&nbsp; The bitch to my left is Trina with her fucking MBA and business bitch attitude.&nbsp; She was a smart-mouth independent cunt and she tried to shove that bullshit in my face at a fancy party.
But I knew she was cruising for a bruising.&nbsp; And she was sucking my prick, kissing ass and licking my shiny black boots within a week after I met her, so don&#8217;t give me this bullshit about how all women want is to be independent and free!&nbsp; Hello to her husband now who, I know, likes the breast implants I pleased myself with on her, maybe more than I do.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t worry you&#8217;ll have her for a weekend this month!&nbsp; My slave-maid to the right, Leena, was a well-known feminist theoretician.&nbsp; Ph.D.! She wrote several lying-through-the-teeth feminist classics.&nbsp; I caught this little cunt-fish on-line.&nbsp; Now she&#8217;s in my kreel and thrall.&nbsp; She was so opposed to &#8216;men&#8217;s rule&#8217; it took two fucking e-mails before she came to me dressed like no old-time feminist would ever dress, kissed my Master&#8217;s hand and told me breathlessly:&nbsp; &#8216;I&#8217;m sick of having rights!&#8217;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This cunt is under my thumb, now, where she belongs.&nbsp; But let me take the gag off the whore and let her speak.
I&#8217;ll say here that she is completely free to say anything she wants, but it so happens all she cares to do is please me.

Master Alton Drave removed the large ball gag from Leena&#8217;s mouth and placed it on the table.&nbsp; Leena, reaching into a small pocket in her dress, freshened up her lipstick quickly
before speaking.&nbsp; She maintained a docile, subservient demeanor, and a girlish lisping tone as she spoke, clearly from the heart:&nbsp; I exist for my Master&#8217;s pleasure and whim and nothing else.&nbsp; I am servant to his prick and will because he was proud enough to demand it.&nbsp; I was an aimless feminist bitch for many years, as Sir says, a lying cunt who greeted the Master&#8217;s first prick-hard, deeply sexist e-mail as grace given by a real man.&nbsp; It was his strength that made me cough up my cunt truth: I was sick of having rights.&nbsp; My Master prefers women in servitude and I do believe that servitude to a strict, wise Master is the best for a woman.&nbsp; For his purposes I am a pleasing whore who is paid with pain from the Sir.&nbsp; My husband, as Sir says, is an afterthought, as Sir has deigned.&nbsp; I express here my pledge of servitude to my Master&#8217;s hard, shiny black boots. I love him irrevocably because he is man enough to hurt me and humiliate me and grind my bitch ego into nothing under his proud boot.&nbsp; Under his boot I learn my truth.

Master Drave listened with obvious self-satisfaction.&nbsp; When Leena had finished he casually cinched on the ball gag once again.&nbsp; He spoke again to the camera forward:
I am greatly pleased by Leena&#8217;s statement.&nbsp; I have taught her well.&nbsp; As she is my new piece of fuckmeat I give her favor here.&nbsp; I do like Trina&#8217;s tits and hurt them as often as I can; I cannot say she is not a good set of holes for my pleasure and whim and I cannot say that I do not take pleasure in giving her man-pain, but for now she will keep her cunt mouth shut. Frankly I&#8217;m giving attention now to the fresh cunt; the other set of holes is going to suck hind tit for now.&nbsp; Viewers will see, of course, Trina&#8217;s treatment and abuse 
in course.&nbsp; But I did want to leave a message for Leena&#8217;s erstwhile husband that Leena,the forthright feminist, has a new job as a pole-dancer at Pussy Galore in the countryside outside Seattle.&nbsp; He can come and see her on the 30th of November.&nbsp; For others she&#8217;ll be dancing there the rest of November, all of December and January.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 




&nbsp; 













My Wife.&nbsp; His Whore.&nbsp; Part VII.

Debilitated and reduced to ashes by the twists of emotion in this sordid affair,&nbsp; Lon greeted Master Drave&#8217;s declaration as a ray of hope for him to at least see Leena.&nbsp; 
Tears at last took him to sleep, that day, collapsed on a rug on the floor in Leena&#8217;s office&nbsp; where he perversely displayed what were now the fetishistic symbols of his lost wife: her flashy skirts and dresses, her lingerie and high heels

Lon slept soundly for the first time in two weeks, at least, and awoke, refreshed, despite the uncomfortable bed place on the floor. Nov. 30th was only three days away.&nbsp; He could see Leena and perhaps talk to her; he had left fifty messages for her on Alton Drave&#8217;s&nbsp; phone over the last weeks that had gone unanswered.

In the morning, a special delivery letter arrived just after breakfast.&nbsp; It was a letter from Master Alton Drave.&nbsp; Somehow Lon had been expecting this and took in the outrageous content of it much more calmly than he might have a few days before:

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Lon,

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You are quite aware, now, of my art, my lifestyle, and my practices, so I shall
not hide behind formalities here.&nbsp; Your wife is my cunt now.&nbsp; She is under my fucking thumb, my personal obeisant whore.&nbsp; I have put this bitch in her place
but good, and she grovels at my boots to thank me sincerely each day.&nbsp; I am sure
you have followed my videos in the recent days.&nbsp; The whip tracks on her back and cane marks on her slut ass are there for you to see. Spare the rod and spoil
the cunt, is my philosophy and certainly pain and punishment, even arbitrary
punishment, are nearly always essential to good woman-training.&nbsp; 

Though my life and&nbsp; art so often are met with outrage, my goals have always been simple, ordinary and logical: to teach women how to be their best, and display this
for all to see and learn.&nbsp; Every woman knows she as at her best when she is
at her prettiest and women around the world flourish when bidden to show
the feminine docility and obedience that is at the core of their nature.&nbsp; I have
found them thankful for the strong man who firmly insists they be true to
themselves rather than be ill-presented, smart-mouthed bitches, disruptive and
aesthetically disgusting.&nbsp; As their sexuality is one that yields to stiff hardness,
naturally they thrive on firm fuck-training and sexual obeisance. I believe
my principles, if&nbsp; applied wisely, can calm and bring into alignment what has
become a difficult and self-destructive gender in modern conditions.&nbsp; 

But this is all simply to say that I am teaching your bitch wife how to be the woman she has always craved to be, despite all the feminist lies she spouted to hide this fundamental fact.&nbsp; Let it suffice to say that the force and prick-work needed to effect her reform causes her naturally and femininely to love in a way she never before has done.&nbsp; This, of course, certifies her as mine and only mine, and a whore, because I choose her to be so.&nbsp; You are invited to see her perform at the strip club, Pussy Galore, at 9 o&#8217;clock, Saturday, Nov. 30th.&nbsp; Come to her dressing room at 7.&nbsp; I do want you to speak with her before she goes on stage.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In Mastery,

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Alton Drave

Lon took in the blunt obscenity of Alton Drave&#8217;s letter with a newfound steadiness. He was used to Master Drave&#8217;s virulent sexism and male supremacist rhetoric.
However preposterous it might seem to him intellectually, he also credited Mr. Drave with not merely living in theory.&nbsp; Lon had seen visual evidence of his training and taming of&nbsp; seven very well educated, independent-minded, modern women.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Drave had not specialized in docile, shrinking violets, but quite the contrary.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the showpiece for Alton Drave&#8217;s strident philosophy was Lon&#8217;s own feminist wife Leena, whom no one but no one would have believed could become slave to some sexist, obscenity spouting Master.&nbsp; 

Lon knew that Leena too was deeply in love with this force of nature called Alton Drave and resisted being ripped asunder once again by Alton&#8217;s direct declaration of his possession of the woman who once played the role of ordinary wife for him.&nbsp; Seeing on Alton&#8217;s videos Leena&#8217;s heartfelt docility and dedication to servile attendance to her Master&#8217;s outrageous requirements made him see that she loved Alton with the same ferocity she once reserved for feminist polemics.&nbsp; He had this calm space to contemplate his place of limbo in her life, trying hard not to allow either his own considerable grief at truly losing Leena nor his own voyeuristic fever to overtake him and drain him as they had in the past weeks.&nbsp; 

Part of the strain, too, of the last weeks had been the difficult phone calls with his daughter and son whom Leena had been in regular contact with.&nbsp; Leena had made clear that she and Lon were separated now and she had been frank with both children about her circumstances.&nbsp; Lon had been shocked that his daughter Amy had sided with her mother in the affair.&nbsp; His&nbsp; son had been predictably outraged and even suggested calling the police.&nbsp; Lon had calmed him down.&nbsp; In the push and pull of it all he saw that neither of his children, fortunately, were fragile and easily set off track.&nbsp; Additionally, they were protected by having lives on the East Coast, away from the epicenter of these trials.&nbsp; Somehow, he decided, family dynamics would get to an even keel despite what was truly an emotional tsunami hitting the family.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

But most importantly in three days he would see Leena again--- and&#8212;he would see her perform publically the obscene dance her Master required.&nbsp; Lon continued to sleep on the floor of Leena&#8217;s office amidst the fetishistic items he had arranged there as if it were some museum of ladies&#8217; fuck-the-other-man apparel.&nbsp; He continued following the video presentations from the house of Alton Drave,&nbsp; his Woman-training series in which Leena was now the star.&nbsp;&nbsp; While still being brought to a sexual frenzy and masturbating constantly by what he saw, Lon forced himself to rein in the fierce storm of emotion he had stewed in to his detriment over this last spate of time.&nbsp; He let himself, as much as he could,&nbsp; float in a hyper-sexual state above the rights and wrongs of the moment.&nbsp; He absorbed fully the twisted pleasures he was feeling, while whittling away at his rational reactions.&nbsp; What began to emerge is that he had always had fantasies about sexy whores that he would fuck and use like they were nothing but hired holes.&nbsp; His faithfulness to Leena and her stark feminist stance had made him suppress his own feelings about sleazy sex.&nbsp; The same with his feelings about wives.&nbsp; Being someone who was naturally conformist Lon had bent easily to the movement towards equality for women that was now the norm.&nbsp; But below the surface were certainly counter feelings about the role of women in the home.&nbsp; He&#8217;d never be bold enough to live out some of these submerged yearnings, and that was the attraction of Alton Drave&#8217;s household.

Lon clicked on the computer and went to the familiar website. The video continued after Leena&#8217;s abject declarations of fealty, kneeling in the kitchen at her Master&#8217;s side. Turning to Leena,&nbsp; Alton sad, OK bitch now it&#8217;s time for some fucking housekeeping.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll clean this fucking kitchen floor on your cunt knees and I don&#8217;t want any runs in those fucking nylons nor any scuffs on those beautiful high heels that please me.&nbsp; Remember runs and scuffs are nothing but insults to the Master and they will be severely punished.&nbsp; The section in front of the sink you&#8217;ll polish up with your bitch tongue.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to train you to be a meticulous housecunt.&nbsp;&nbsp; Leena, mouth gagged, nodded in assent to her Master as she rose to clear the dishes and put them in the sink.&nbsp; Master Drave rose and tugged on Trina&#8217;s leash and escorted the naked, gagged, huge-titted Trina on all fours out of the room.&nbsp; Clearly, Master Drave had his own intentions for her.&nbsp; 

It was a pretty picture, Leena in her attractive housemaids outfit, a very short black satin dress shaped by a tight corset beneath it,&nbsp; gagged and kneeling on her black satin mat, holding her high heels with difficulty off the floor as she scrubbed the floor of the kitchen using a sponge and bucket.&nbsp; Lon watched the care with which she used the sponge so that she would not run her stockings, scuff her shoes or damage in the slightest her pretty false nails.&nbsp; A woman in her proper place, this was the subtitle message that emerged through Mr. Drave&#8217;s careful orchestration at the bottom of the screen.&nbsp; She takes pains to keep herself presentable.&nbsp; Lon watched as Leena, after most exactingly cleaning the full kitchen floor this way, removed her mouth gag to abjectly cleaned the section below the sink with her tongue&#8212;every&nbsp; inch of it.&nbsp; Then she arose, reinserted the gag and like, A nice high-heeled little housewhore stood with a mop to wax the kitchen floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she had finished her waxing,&nbsp; she knelt on the dining room rug at the edge of the kitchen awaiting her Master&#8217;s return.&nbsp; 


15 minutes later Master&nbsp; Drave came from the recesses of the house to her side.&nbsp; Taking her sby the scruff he pushed her face down toward the kitchen floor.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s see if we can see the little bitch&#8217;s reflection in the shine. Apparently pleased by the result he stood Leena up,&nbsp; tugged at her stockings to straighten her seams and closely inspected her black, polished leather high heels for scuffs.&nbsp; Lastly, he inspected her long painted nails for chipping.&nbsp; It was obvious to anyone that Leena had made every effort to avoid the slightest run or scuff or chip.&nbsp; One run, two scuffs and a fucking chipped nail, cunt!&nbsp; You are going to be caned and fucked like you deserve for making a mess of yourself.&nbsp; No man wants a housewhore who can&#8217;t keep herself presentable.&nbsp; Forgotten was the perfectly cleaned kitchen.&nbsp; The graphic camera panned in the punishment room as&nbsp; Leena was tied to the sawhorse in only heels and lingerie, her tit nipples clamped with weights as Master Drave viciously caned her ass, and then fucked her callously and brutally.&nbsp; A Man must assert Himself the subtitle said as Leena trembled in pain and orgasm, the drool dripping over the ball gag that silenced her.&nbsp; Spurting himself into her, Master Drave dramatically moved to the fore of the sawhorse and removed Leena&#8217;s gag.&nbsp; I&#8217;m so sorry Master for the bitch insults in my presentation, the run, the scuffs and nail chip, the tearful Leena said, Thank you for correcting me.&nbsp; May I kiss the cane, Sir?&nbsp; Master Drave gave a sly glance at the camera.&nbsp; Bitch under boot, the subtitle said, but Lon knew too it was also a woman deeply in love.













My Wife. His Whore.&nbsp; Part VIII



The next day Lon, after a restorative sleep, took a look at the website for Pussy Galore, where he&#8217;d at last get to see Leena.&nbsp; Pussy Galore had been involved in lawsuits over its explicitly sexual bondage themed acts and was currently open under an injunction that allowed it to continue its outrageous flouting of existing obscenity law.&nbsp; He viewed the short snippets of previous performers under the title: Slave-cunts on Parade.&nbsp; In the upcoming section he found several short video pieces of Leena and her Master, Alton Drave.&nbsp; They showed her bound, gagged and whipped and finally being fucked by Alton Drave.&nbsp; Most evocative was the final piece showing Leena prone upon the floor, her hands cinched tightly behind her, passionately kissing and licking her Master&#8217;s shiny black boots in fealty.&nbsp; As usual a picture like this would hit Lon like a thunderbolt; somehow he did feel deep down that this was how it should be between a man and a woman and the witnessing of it had a shattering erotic effect.&nbsp; And then to know that it was his wife that another man had claimed this way exponentially multiplied its effect for him.&nbsp; But he did not know at all where this all would lead.&nbsp; 

It would be 6 days until Lon could see Leena again.&nbsp; As if to taunt him, Alton Drave began posting videos covering more and more of His family&#8217;s days.&nbsp;&nbsp; Leena continued her housecunt appearances, while Trina remained as the abject, big-titted slave on a leash, most often on all fours like a dog behind Alton, as He played the role of Lord and Master.&nbsp; Lon took a leave from his job for two weeks.&nbsp; Videos of the Drave household now began to be posted nearly every hour.

The cock-suck ritual began every day, where Leena woke her sleeping Master with sweet-lipsticked kisses on and the sucking of His sleeping Prick.&nbsp; This was preceded by videos of Leena&#8217;s reverse strip-tease, dressing up in ways that Susan Brownmiller would condemn most severely.&nbsp;&nbsp; The French Maids outfit seemed to be a favorite, set off by 5, black, pointed-toe patent leather high heels, seamed black stockings and glamour style earrings.&nbsp; But there was variance:&nbsp; a very short red skirt of poly-vinyl, a red lace push-up bra and red ply-vinyl top; red, seamed stockings, red 5 , pointy-toed, spike heels.&nbsp; And the corsets, always matching the red, white or black color were being strictly adjusted,  inch at a time, tighter and tighter.&nbsp; Leena who had always said, A woman&#8217;s &#8216;figure&#8217; should never be the subject of conversation.&nbsp; A woman&#8217;s shape is her own business and should have no bearing in regard to her desirability, she is not born to &#8216;shape&#8217; herself in any way to please anyone but herself.&nbsp; Now she would look in the camera and say, Today the cunt&#8217;s waist will be 26 inches while she pulled the special corset pulling strings firmly that allowed her to adjust her own cincture.

But perhaps more than anything, the studied docility of Leena&#8217;s face, the dulcet tones she always spoke in, the languid, ultra-feminine habits of movement that she had developed gave Lon a tremendous hard-on.&nbsp; Leena had gone into a hidden feminine recess of herself that Lon had never suspected existed.&nbsp; And it almost seemed that the more submissive and servile Leena got, the crueler and more presumptive Alton Drave got with her.&nbsp; She was required to vacuum completely the rather large house each day and she did this dressed to the nines, meticulously made up, her mouth gagged with a pretty red ball-gag and with painful weights snapped to her tit nipples under her blouse or dress&nbsp; that she would put on before the cameras before she began vacuuming.&nbsp; The lead weights got heavier every day because Alton Drave wanted:&nbsp; A housecunt who becomes better every day.

Sometimes Alton would be on a&nbsp; bed fucking the bound and gagged Trina in the ass while Leena quietly minced about vacuuming and tidying up around them.&nbsp; Clearly he liked to keep the women he trained in his house in competition with each other and the flagrant, casual sexual usage and abuse of Trina, who, now was kept silent nearly completely, was used by Alton to keep Leena in focus.&nbsp; In fact&nbsp; there were projection screens in nearly every room of Alton&#8217;s sprawling mansion which he used to project pictures of his current use of Trina into the rooms that Leena, the housewhore, was meticulously cleaning.&nbsp; Clearly Alton, while often telling Trina out loud that he much preferred his new cuntmeat to her, wanted Leena to know that he was not going to get sentimental about her.&nbsp;&nbsp; This said, when Leena was having her period, she was consigned to a distant room where she could tend to her evening job of posting pictures of the radical Alton household to various websites and handling the brisk private sales of their many videos.&nbsp; There she always appeared meticulously dressed and groomed as always, but only in colors of red.&nbsp; And while Leena was retiring the various scripted and many spontaneous duties that she was called to were done Trina in nearly every detail.

And it was clear, thoughout, that Alton Drave had astonishing sexual capacities, taking a secret blend of herbs and dietary substances that gave him a sexual appetite closer to that of a teenager than a man his age.&nbsp;&nbsp; This provided, undoubtedly, sexual engagement for the women that they would never have gotten anywhere else and made it easier for him, then, to keep them in a nearly constant state of sexual stimulation and release.&nbsp; But, as they were both deep masochists who often came to sexual orgasm from pain itself, this extraordinary capacity was the lesser of his attractions to them than his mysterious and amazing ability to psychologically dominate women, even apparently strong willed women..&nbsp; It was if he knew how to enter a secret control room in their psyches and effortlessly take them under control. 

Gradually,&nbsp; Master Drave began to post to his home website videos of outings that Leena would take to the small town downtown.&nbsp; It appeared that through a gradual process, Leena could show up on mainstreet in the types of outfits she greeted Alton with in the morning and not attract undue attention. (In a small town that very much showed the most casual dress). A small archive showed that at a certain point she began showing up with her household red ball-gag neatly in place.&nbsp; Whether Alton Drave had bribed townspeople to look the other way or whether his local fame allowed him to flaunt his radical lifestyle openly, the videos (apparently taken by Trina) showed Leena as a gagged whoreslave walking around town once a week at least.&nbsp; Even more shocking were the few videos that showed Alton leading Leena around town gagged, in a collar and leash.&nbsp; It is true that this was rather near Seattle and somewhat liberal town, but it took special audacity to pull these things off.

Lon spent the next two weeks in his new habitual surroundings, Leena&#8217;s office, with her whore clothing and shoes decorating it like a lonely transvestite&#8217;s pad.&nbsp; He was now masturbating without guilt to the videos of his wife of 26 years, fucking, serving, being punished and debased as the obedient, subservient fuckwhore of another man.&nbsp; Alton Drave seemed to have nearly erased the woman he knew and loved and had repainted her, as it were, in a way so shocking and audacious that Lon could only feel admiration.

The day came in late November and Lon decided to dress up in suit and tie to visit his wife.&nbsp; Deep inside he yearned for some of the old Leena, the strident, pushy bitch who&#8217;d been his loving wife for all this time.&nbsp; He yearned for a little of the old small talk and ordinariness that had helped carry his life over this long time.&nbsp; But at the same time, in a way, he loved the way Leena was now.&nbsp; He savored the enforced femininity and pliancy that Alton Drave had trained her to.&nbsp; But he knew he was not Master material.&nbsp; He did not have the harsh boldness that she thrived upon.&nbsp; It seemed he was left to be only a mere witness to what was happening and he himself could not imagine how he could ever, sensibly, re-engage with her.

He entered the bar of Pussy Galore just before 6 where bare titted waitresses with real shackles on their very high heeled feet and hands waited to serve drinks to the mostly male clientele yet to arrive.&nbsp; He inquired where he might find Alton Drave.&nbsp; The bartender, looking a bit puzzled, said, 

They&#8217;re in the second room on the right.&nbsp; You know the way Alton is, right?&nbsp; 

Lon now looked a little puzzled himself.

Well, I mean his show isn&#8217;t an act. And those two women---well, they&#8217;re serving ALL the time.

Lon nodded.

I know.&nbsp; I know, he said.

Lon headed back to the proper dressing room and knocked lightly on the door.

Who is it?&nbsp; he heard Alton Drave ask.

It&#8217;s Lon.&nbsp; Lon Durtz.

Come in,&nbsp; he said.

Coming in he encountered Alton in his usual polished black leather garb seated in a padded chair with big titted Trina servicing his large, stiff&nbsp; cock.&nbsp; There were incredibly heavy looking clamp weights on Trina&#8217;s prodigious tits that swayed as she kissed and sucked his member with her pretty lips.&nbsp; Strangely, the loudest sounds came from Trina, groaning from the extraordinary assault on her delicate tit nipples.

Alton slapped Trina rather harshly on her left cheek to get her to stop her ministrations and she ceased, in what seemed like a daze.

If a man doesn&#8217;t hurt a fucking cunt enough, she&#8217;ll start acting like she&#8217;s got a mind of her own.&nbsp; And believe me most cunts don&#8217;t want a mind of their own.

Alton pushed his still firm member back into his leather pants as he matter-of-factly made this pronouncement.

As if to give Lon an object lesson, Alton turned the screws on Trina&#8217;s heavy, tit-nipple clamps so that she had to cry out.&nbsp; 

Master!&nbsp; Master! she cried out, her tears beginning to ruin her thick black eye make-up. Thank you for hurting, this bitch! she said and, sinking to the floor Trina began to lick and kiss Alton Drave&#8217;s shiny black boot tops, almost frantically, with shocking servility. Her labored breath and groans showed she was in real tit pain.&nbsp; I love you Master, she said indistinctly through her slobber, as she worshipped, it seemed, her Master&#8217;s boots.

Alton pointed downward with the confident air of someone who has all the facts at hand.
I&#8217;m teaching this smart-assed business bitch how to act.&nbsp; She&#8217;s beginning to learn.

Saying this he got Trina to kneel and untwisted the incredibly cruel nipple clamps and let them fall to the floor.

Now go put your face back on.&nbsp; And get some new shoes on, I can see the fucking scuffs on yours from here.

Trina bowed once more in her lingerie, tit-nippleless bra, crotchless panties, strict corset, hose and heels and gently kissed her Master&#8217;s boots in obeisance-- pretty, long-nailed fingers clasping his boot backs.&nbsp; Doing this, she arose and she retreated quietly, not looking into her Master&#8217;s eyes and headed for the bathroom.

Well, I wanted you here, and obviously you&#8217;ve not seen Leena for a while.

Lon nodded and then realized that Leena was nowhere to be seen.&nbsp; 

Then he heard a knock on the door.&nbsp; 

Come in, cunt, were Alton Drave&#8217;s words as Leena opened the door to come in.



Lon, his cock hard, from watching in person the summary way that Alton ruled Trina, 
looked over, with silent appreciation, at the new, quiet, docile version of Leena who entered through the doorway with a feminine grace most women could only dream of.&nbsp; Today she wore a very short black leather dress that easily revealed the garters from her radically tight corset, garters that attached to black seamed hose.&nbsp; Her black patent leather high heels were platform style, perhaps 8 high, yet they radically angled her feet so that it was a wonder that she could step so gracefully in such long, thin heels.&nbsp; Lon now had a raging hard-on looking at the new version of his wife, with very long, pretty red-painted nails and dramatic false eyelashes that blinked seductively over her thickly made-up face.
And her hair had been bleached platinum blond for Alton&#8217;s pleasure, extending now in a bouffant, Jane Mansfield style.

Leena, ignoring Lon completely, walked over to Alton, carefully lowered herself to her knees and, before a word was said, kissed and licked the shiny black boots of her Master.
Finishing this act of obeisance she rose and stood, positioning herself at the left arm of her Master, still not looking at Lon.&nbsp; It seemed, now, the point was being made by Alton that for practical purposes he no longer existed for Leena.

His cock still hard as a rock, Lon took in the thick smell of Leena&#8217;s perfume.&nbsp; It was not subtle.

Without comment, Alton took a black mouth gag with a black leather strap out of his pocket and forced it into Leena&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; From his other leather jacket pocket he took a blindfold and put it over her eyes.

Leading Leena over to a padded, well-designed sawhorse that Lon had not focused on, Alton leaned Leena over it, and fastened her arms at one end.&nbsp; Having done this, he pushed her short leather dress over her hips and exposed her crotch area where she wore a satin pair of open crotch panties.

I fucked this bitch twice this afternoon, but I think she needs another good fuck if I&#8217;m going to get a good performance out of her.&nbsp; Since you know the cunt I thought you&#8217;d be able to give her a little encouragement to be a good submissive whore tonight for the show.&nbsp; Now I&#8217;m not interested in any sweet nothings from you, Lon.&nbsp; It would just ruin this whore&#8217;s attitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you can&#8217;t just fuck a cunt without a lot of bullshit talk, fuck her because I&#8217;ve decided she needs it, don&#8217;t fucking bother.&nbsp; One of the bartenders can do the job just as easily as you.

Lon was not an impulsive man.&nbsp; And in many ways, he wasn&#8217;t easily manipulated either.
But he found himself incredibly turned on.&nbsp; He had his hard cock in Leena within a minute and he fucked her hard for 25 minutes.&nbsp; He was not even offended by the slop and squish he felt when he entered her cunt, it was sloppy seconds&#8212;or was it thirds--- he fucked his wife for the first time as if she were nothing but a fuckhole.&nbsp; But he was not unaware of the series of orgasms her body shook with as he raped her.

 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Victor Mann


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





