BDSM Library - Annie's Examination




Annie's Examination
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Urethral torture and pleasure by a woman's master and his friend the doctor.Annie's Examination
As he carefully washed his hands with Betadine
  soap, and hot water, he explained quite matter of factly to Annie that her
  master wanted to find out the sensitivity of her Urethra and how wide it could
  be stretched. He also explained that it would be uncomfortable, but no real
  harm would come to her as he knew how much the human body could take, and would
  be very careful. When the doctor had finished washing his hands, he laid her
  back on the cool green examination table. However, instead of using the stirrups
  again, he installed the knee crutches to hold her knees high and well back
  so he had easy access to her lower openings. This would make it easier for
  him to work. He explained all this as he positioned her. Mentioning the coming
  pain, the discomfort, and why the restraints would be necessary while he tested
  her. Reassuring her that the sensations would be temporary, but maybe hard
  for her to endure even as he ran his hands over the inside of her thighs. Brushing
  her intimate parts, as she held her breath. Using the fear to sensitize her
  nerves.  
He spent the next few minutes carefully securing
  Annie's wrists to the top of the exam table with a pair of British tan leather
  restraints which where attached to the frame of the exam table. He also secured
  her knees to the knee crutches with padded leather straps above and below each
  knee. He used leather belts on her torso and hips also so they too were secured
  to the table frame. She was now unable to escape, but also unable to pull away
  or move more than a few millimeters in case of a pain reaction to any part
  of the procedure. As he did this the doctor noticed that Annie's nipples were
  becoming erect, and her breathing was becoming slightly uneven and fast. Her
  Master leaned over her head, and spoke low into her ear. Her eyes closed, and
  she nodded, biting her lip with strong white teeth. The Master stroked her
  cheek, softly.  
The doctor then opened the disposable catheter
  tray set and laid out it's contents on the sterile drape contained in the set,
  being very careful not to contaminate its contents. As he prepared the kits
  contents for use, Annie's Masters eyes followed his every motion in curiosity.  
Next, the doc put on a pair of exam gloves and
  opened both a packet of anti bacterial towelettes and one containing three
  Betadine swabs. He also took 3 long cotton swabs from a sterile packet and
  laid them into a small puddle of clear alcohol. As he told Annie to relax,
  he gently spread her moist pink labia with his gloved left hand and used an
  anti-septic towelette from the catheter kit to gently cleanse the entire area
  around her vaginal introitus, inward to the urethral meatus, taking care to
  occasionally brush her clitoris in the process. Whenever he did so, Annie&rsquo;s
  hips would move perceptibly. When finished, he discarded the towelette and
  inserted a sterile Collins speculum into her slightly damp vagina. As he slowly
  opened it to its maximum width, Annie's urethral meatus came into clear view.  
After he located Annie's urethral opening, he told
  her that what he was going to do next would sting somewhat, but was very necessary.
  He took one of the long sterile cotton applicators, dripping with alcohol,
  and slowly inserted it into the urethral meatus about a quarter of an inch.
  He spun it slowly deeper, watching Annie&rsquo;s face for what he knew was
  coming, the sharp hiss of breath, and the tensing of muscles bound to the table
  as they futilely tried to free themselves from the leather restraints. The
  doctor was rewarded by a soft moan, and Annie was rewarded by the gentle soothing
  words of her master into her ear. The swab was withdrawn, and the next was
  inserted slightly deeper, with an even louder moan from Annie. This time the
  doc, went in and out slowly scrubbing her urethra. The last one was inserted
  until resistance was felt, and the doc knew that he was almost to the urethral
  sphincter. He watched a tear trace its way from the corner of Annie&rsquo;s
  eye, and pulled the swab from her body with a rolling motion. The doctor then
  discarded the exam gloves he had been wearing. He then put on the sterile gloves
  contained in the catheter set. After doing so, he picked up one of the Iodine
  swabs from the kit with his gloved, sterile right hand. After warning Annie
  that she was about to feel the touch of the swab, he again very carefully inserted
  the tip of the swab about a quarter of an inch into her urethra. Annie flinched
  just slightly, more in surprise that there was no more burning from insertion
  than due to any real discomfort as he rotated the swab.  
He paused and told Annie to relax for him. She
  quickly regained composure. He then proceeded to very gently apply the Iodine
  to her urethral opening and to the area surrounding, working in a spiral pattern,
  outward from the center. After a moment's pause, he repeated this portion of
  the procedure with a second Iodine swab and finished by using the third swab
  on the periphery of the area that he had just cleaned so carefully.  
Next, he retrieved the small, 6cc, Luer tip syringe
  filled with sterile lubricant from the catheter tray, removing the tip cover
  he explained that he was going to fill Annie's urethra with lubricant, that
  the sensation would be unusual but should not be unduly uncomfortable. He then
  proceeded to gently insert the tip about an inch into her urethra. Once fully
  inserted, he gently injected about half the contents as far as the tip would
  go in, before simultaneously starting to withdraw the tip while continuing
  to inject lubricant. Annie drew in her breath and squirmed a bit as she came
  to grips with the odd sensation caused by the cool lubricant. As he withdrew
  the syringe, a very small amount of the lubricant oozed from her urethral opening.  
When he was finished, he explained to Annie that
  he was about to thread the sterile catheter into her urethra until it reached
  her bladder, a distance of not more than two or three inches. He picked up
  the catheter and showed it to Annie as he removed the upper third of its length
  from the sterile, cellophane envelope and lubricated its tip with the contents
  of a small packet of sterile lubricant from the catheter tray. He explained
  that the insertion would be only slightly uncomfortable, just a mild urge to
  urinate and, at worst, a very slight burning sensation, that would last for
  only a few seconds because this Catheter was of a larger size. He also assured
  her that, after the insertion, the catheter would be mostly painless until
  the diuretic filled her bladder completely. As he finished telling her this,
  he picked up a small pair of sterile plastic forceps from the catheter tray,
  seized the exposed portion of the catheter and gently removed the remaining
  portion of the sterile envelope. He poised it at the opening of her Urethral,
  and started to feed it inside of her. Annie felt the foreign tip of the Foley
  catheter touch her urethral opening and pause there. He went on to explain
  that when the catheter was fully inserted, she would experience an intense
  urge to urinate, but that she would not be able to do so. As he finished his
  explanation, he asked Annie to take a deep breath, hold it, and try to bear
  down with her pelvic muscles. He did this knowing that she would clamp down
  and increase the sensations of the insertion.  
As she inhaled, he began threading the catheter
  into her bladder. Before Annie had completely inhaled, the catheter had glided
  into place at the threshold of the urethral sphincter. A small push through
  the slight muscular resistance she was exerting and urine had began to flow
  into the collection bag as a sharp gasp came from Annie at the quick, sharp
  burning ache of the foreign objects placement within her. He immediately retrieved
  a pair of forceps from the instrument tray and clamped off the hose to stop
  the flow of urine. Next, he retrieved a syringe, pre-filled with sterile saline
  solution, from the catheter tray kit, inserted it into the balloon valve on
  the catheter and filled the tiny balloon that was now just inside of Annie's
  bladder with sterile water to prevent expulsion of the catheter and then very
  gently withdrew about two inches of catheter until the balloon inside her bladder
  was seated at the end of her urethra, just inside the bladder.  
Once Annie was comfortable with the foreign object
  that was dwelling in one of the most sensitive parts of her anatomy, he began
  to used a small but powerful vibrator, sheathed in a condom and well lubricated
  with the sterile lubricant that remained in the previously used packet from
  the catheter kit to gently message her clitoris with his left hand. Simultaneously,
  he plunged the gloved ring finger of his right hand deep into her vagina and
  started to work over her &quot;G&quot; spot. As he did so, he said he could
  feel the catheter encased within her urethral sheath. He maneuvered his finger
  back and forth across the base of her clitoris. Saying that Annie&rsquo;s most
  exquisitely sensitive erotic area was now being stimulated, simultaneously,
  from both the inside by his finger and the catheter and from the outside, by
  the vibrator. She tossed her head, and tried to pull free as the new sensations
  assaulted her. Erotically powerful sensations like she had never felt before.
  Her Master told her to breath deeply, and if the doctor&rsquo;s ministrations
  caused her to orgasm that there was no real shame in it. This was information
  they wanted to know, how many areas they could tease and torment.  
This stimulation continued gently but relentlessly.
  Annie was immediately responsive. She drew her breath in and her hips began
  to move against the leather bonds futilely. Her breathing became shallow. Her
  eyes were tightly shut and she began to make a series of guttural sounds and
  staccato gasps as she achieved one intense, almost convulsive, orgasm. The
  doctor then moved the Catheter as though fucking her with it, and she came
  again. After these two orgasms, he could tell that Annie was actually becoming
  exhausted and that the sensation was becoming too intense, even though Annie
  said nothing; so, he began to taper the stimulation off, bringing her down
  slowly, gently. He saw that her hair was damp, and her breathing ragged as
  he completely stopped the stimulation.  
Next, he explained that there may, again, be a
  few seconds of discomfort as the catheter was removed; but, that Annie would
  then be left with a pleasant tingling sensation and a mild urge to urinate
  that would be nearly completely gone by the time that she left with her master.  
With that, he used the syringe to evacuate the
  sterile water that had inflated the balloon on the catheter. He then had Annie
  take a breath, hold it, relax and exhale as he gently but quickly withdrew
  the catheter from her urethra.  
As Annie relaxed, he excused himself briefly to
  wash his hands. Upon returning, without saying a word, he turned to the instrument
  tray, re-gloved with new, sterile gloves and retrieved a sterile, 18 fr. stainless
  steel sound, one of a set of six sounds on the instrument tray ranging from
  12fr. to 30fr. He began to apply sterile lubricant to the instrument and then
  turned back to Annie.  
She looked at the gleaming instrument in his hand,
  glanced at the sound set on the instrument tray and then, into her masters
  eyes for a long moment. Her eyes closed slowly as her master spoke to her.
  The doctor then told her that these were sounds, and they were used to dilate
  the Urethra so visual inspection or manual stimulation could be done. He asked
  if she knew which had been ordered for her. She said the manual, and the master
  patted her cheek as the doctor confirmed it. He also told her that the diuretic
  should be working well now, and that it would help flush her bladder of any
  bacteria after they had finished probing her. The Doctor then began the slow
  insertion of the first of the six progressively larger sounds (18 fr to 30fr.)
  that he would use on Annie that afternoon. It slid in easily, and he pushed
  it in and out a couple of times, before moving to the next larger one. One
  after another until he got to the last one. The 30 fr. This one he secured
  with a small strap that he taped to her thigh. Leaving it in place as he palpated
  her bladder. Asking her if she felt full at all. She said that she did, and
  the sound bounced as he felt her fullness.  
Next the doc replaced his gloves with a new sterile
  pair. Dipping his large middle finger in the remains of the sterile lubricant
  on the catheter tray. He spoke, telling Annie that he wanted her to orgasm,
  even if there was pain. He knew that she would be able to take it, and her
  master wanted her to endure it. He slipped the sound from her body, put his
  sterile and lubed middle finger against the urethral meatus and forced it into
  her, making her cry out with pain. He pushed it in and out in a hard fucking
  motion, enjoying her expressions. He liked watching her head tossing in her
  master&rsquo;s hands, and the way the Collins speculum in her cunt moved with
  the strong contractions induced by the intense pain of the cruel invasion.
  Tears formed on her cheeks and the doc told her that as long as he didn&rsquo;t
  perforate her bladder he could fuck her with his penis in her urethra if her
  master wanted him to. If she didn&rsquo;t relax, and let it feel good he would
  put a condom on a dildo and use it in her. She lay still then, gasping for
  air. Trying to talk herself out of the pain of his invasion of her virgin orifice.  
The doc talked about how he knew she liked pain,
  and how the gentle movements of his finger in her urethra would stimulate her
  clitoris and g-spot deep within her. He knew what she liked so he took some
  gauze pads, and a long set of forceps. Leaving his finger in her bladder he
  dipped the gauze in the alcohol, and pushed it between the bills of the speculum
  to lay it deeply into her vagina, knowing that she would orgasm from the deep
  burning pain within a few seconds. She did not disappoint. Her hips bucked,
  and a sharp cry of pleasure pain was drawn from her. The doc and her master
  continued holding her tightly as the doc&rsquo;s finger kept ramming her, and
  the sharp scent of alcohol reminded her where the burning pain was originating
  from.  
She finally began begging weakly for relief, and
  the doc pulled both his finger and the alcohol soaked gauze from her body with
  a quick jerk. Annie orgasmed one more time as he did so, and almost fainted
  from relief as the burning became mere fire, and then memory with evaporation.
  She was exhausted, and shaking with reaction and sweaty with exertion.  
The doc held up a mirror to her vagina and showed
  Annie how red the alcohol had made the tissues of her vagina, where it was
  visible in the speculum. Then he took a small syringe, pre-filled with a mild
  sedative, and put the needle into the floor of her vaginal introitus, depressing
  the plunger slowly as the liquid swelled the red tissues. He enjoyed making
  her watch the procedure, even when blood dotted the sore spot.  
The doc then held up a small suction catheter with
  a funnel on the end and held it against her urethra ordering her to urinate.
  She shook her head, and the doc said okay. Reaching for a dildo and condom.
  Annie panicked as he did it and said wait, please. The doc held the funnel
  in place patiently, watching Annie&rsquo;s face and waiting for Annie to let
  her bladder go. A sob escaped her at the humiliation of her position, and the
  reaction of what she had endured as she let this one more indignity happen.
  As she allowed herself to urinate, her master kissed her face, and smoothed
  her hair, the warm liquid being sucked into a canister and away from her body.  
It was over and the doctor wiped the remains of
  her trial from her sore body. Removing the Collins speculum from within her
  vagina, and easing the angle of her legs in the knee crutches. They covered
  her with a warm blanket, and dimmed the lights, letting her rest before the
  rest of her examination.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rene sable


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





