BDSM Library - The Priest Teaches His Flock




The Priest Teaches His Flock
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Father John is transferred to his third parish.  Each time he was caught molesting his parishioners.  This time we find him in a small parish in the Bible Belt in the 1950's.Author: Powerone   
Title: The Priest Teaches
    His Flock   
Part: Chapter 1-3   
Summary: Father John is
    transferred to his third parish. Each time he was caught molesting his parishioners.
    This time we find him in a small parish in the Bible Belt in the 1950's.   
Keywords: M/f, oral, anal, humil, nc, 
    
By Powerone. Copyright
    2004.   
Author may be contacted
    at controlher@hotmail.com   
 
  Chapter 1 Sally is Punished   
It
    is the late 1950's in the farming region of the Bible belt.&nbsp; The economy
    is booming, with bountiful harvests. Even in good times farm life is still
    hard. The farmers in this region have a deep religious background and this
    permeates from the job into the family life and upbringing of the children.
    The church has an enormous hold over the lives of the people.   
Father
    John, the local Catholic priest had only been in this part of the  
  country for about a month.&nbsp; He was just starting to get use to the rural
  life, his other parishes being in very large cities.&nbsp; He had been on a&quot;retreat&quot; for
  the last six months, the church forcing him to undergo a
  forced re-indoctrination training.&nbsp; It was because it was his third offense.&nbsp; He
  had been caught two other times for &quot;sexual misconduct&rdquo;. The other
  two times he was just transferred to a new parish, in a new part of the country.
  The Bishop usually admonished him for his sins and made sure that he was no
  longer his problem. When transferred, his new parish never knew about his past &ldquo;sins&rdquo;.
  The last time involved some thirteen year old girls, Father John preferring
  them younger and younger each time. He had to undergo a period of &ldquo;meditation&rdquo; at
  a seminary for &ldquo;trouble priests.&rdquo; He had played the game well,
  confessing his sins, humbled by his transgressions and acted genuinely repentive
  of his sins. The church welcomed him back, a new man with a new parish. But
  his new parish was no longer in a big city, no longer a large church, they
  had moved him to a small town in the bible belt hoping that he would have less
  chance to re-engage his past problems.   
The
    church had about 100 members including all of the children. It was over 150
    miles to the nearest good size city. In this town, Saturday night was the
    movies and then home. Sunday was set aside for church and family. Father
    John was welcomed graciously by the town folk, them being without a parish
    priest for over six months since their last one passed away of old age. To
    the town, Father John was their savior, a fairly handsome man in his mid
    forties, intelligent, personable with the entire town folk, especially the
    woman and a wise, religious man.   
The
    first thing Father John did was to begin giving private religious training
    after school and on the weekend for some of the children. Some of the parents
    had spoken to him about their rebellious children, especially some of the
    girls. The 1950&rsquo;s had brought rock and roll, Elvis Presley and television
    to the heartland. The parents had been brought up strictly and continued
    to raise their children in the same tradition. Many had been punished using
    belts and severe spankings and thought nothing of continuing that in raising
    their children. Some had even given Father John permission to punish their
    children if they misbehaved.   
Sally
    was the oldest daughter of Stan and Mary. She had a younger sister, Becky
    and an older brother, Mark, who had already graduated from high school and
    was helping his father work the farm. Becky was the level-headed girl in
    the family, with Sally seemingly always getting into trouble. She followed
    her heart more then her head and that usually that got her into trouble.   
Sally
    is a very pretty girl, 5 feet, 4 inches tall, a bouncy pony tail always in
    her light brown hair. Her breasts were 34-C&rsquo;s, creamy white flesh accented
    by dark brown areola&rsquo;s about the size of half dollars and her nipples,
    a deep red, grew to a inch long when hard and erect. She had shapely legs
    due to the exercise she got in helping her family on the farm doing chores.
    Her ass was firm and pert. She was still a virgin. Almost everyone in this
    small town was a virgin until they married, or at least were engaged. No
    one could suffer through a scandal in a small town if caught engaging in
    pre-marital sex, especially good Catholics.   
Sally
    was sitting on the big desk. Her legs were spread wide, her skirt had ridden
    up her thighs, way above her knees. Her thighs ached, her legs wanting to
    close but Father John had placed a cross in a small hole on the edge of the
    desk. He made Sally place her legs outside the cross. She was ordered not
    to touch the cross with any part of her body. If she did, God and Father
    John would punish her.   
&ldquo;Please
    Father John, it hurts,&rdquo; Sally cried.   
&ldquo;Now,
    now, Sally. The Lord requires you to suffer for him.&rdquo; He stepped in
    front of her, gazing down at her half naked legs. His cock bulged out the
    front of his pants, but Sally was too interested in her own problems to gaze
    at him. His hands reached down and rested on her knees. He could feel her
    body trembling, her muscles pulling to keep her legs spread so wide. &ldquo;Fifteen
    more minutes. You must be punished for not remembering your lessons.&rdquo; He
    let his fingers slowly move over her knees, stroking the young flesh. She
    did not protest his seemingly innocent touching.   
Her
    parents had already admonished her when she had tried to protest that Father
    John was being inappropriate with her. Her Mother had slapped her face, telling
    her that she was imagining it and was just a young girls foolish thoughts.
    A priest does not have impure thoughts. Sally was told to do everything that
    Father John wished. He would teach her the ways of the church. They had even
    given him permission to punish her in whatever manner he saw fit. That was
    the end of the conversation forever.   
Father
    John saw no resistance on Sally&rsquo;s part so he increased his fondling
    of her young flesh. &ldquo;I can feel your muscles straining. I know it is
    painful. You must not touch the crosses or you will have to suffer further
    punishment. Here let me help you.&rdquo; His hands slid down to the inside
    of her knees and began to apply pressure. &ldquo;Now don&rsquo;t touch the
    crosses, but let your legs part open, yes, such a good girl,&rdquo; watching
    as her legs began to bow open. His hands moved up her inner thighs, feeling
    the taut flesh, the muscles straining from the obscene position her had placed
    her in. He had done this many times before, using the crosses to force young
    girls into spread positions, their young, nubile bodies open for his fondling.
    He had many more position that he would place Sally in, each time using the
    crosses to keep her open and available.   
Sally&rsquo;s
    thighs ached, her muscles trembling in pain. It had been over forty five
    minutes, the clock in front of her slowly ticking off the time. Father John
    had placed her on the desk, making her slide back. She was leaning back,
    her arms outstretched behind her keeping her upright. He had her open her
    legs, first her right one, opening it all the way until it hung over the
    side edge of the desk.   
&#9;&ldquo;Very good Sally,
    now I&rsquo;m going to place a cross in the hole in the desk. I want your
    leg on the outside of it. Don&rsquo;t touch it with your leg. If you touch
    the blessed cross I will have to punish you severely.&rdquo;   
&#9;He had to help her
    with her left leg, his large hand grasping her slim ankle, slowly spreading
    it over to the other side of the desk. It immediately began to hurt. No matter
    how young her body was, it was just not that limber. &ldquo;Please Father
    John, that hurts,&rdquo; she begged him, but he continued to pull her open,
    feeling like she was being split up the middle. She did not even notice her
    skirt rising up high on her thighs.   
&#9;When her left leg
    hung over the side of the desk, he got out another shiny cross, placing it
    in a hole in the desk. She had not noticed the holes. Her thighs ached, her
    groin felt like it was splitting up the middle as she watched the clock slowly
    count out the seconds.   
&#9;Father John watched
    her strain, her face grimacing in pain as the minutes passed. The position
    she was in forced her young breasts up, straining the buttons on the school
    blouse she was wearing. He could see some naked flesh between them. Soon
    he would have her stripped to the waist, her breasts available for him to
    fondle but also to punish.   
&#9;He was now enjoying
    the feeling of her young flesh beneath his fingertips as he caressed her
    naked, inner thighs. He stood between her outstretched legs, his arms under
    her skirt, his fingers clenching and unclenching on her tender flesh. &lsquo;Almost
    finished Sally, just ten more minutes,&rdquo; his hands moving up higher,
    her skirt slowly rising. He caught the first glimpse of a pair of white cotton
    panties. His hands moved to the top of her legs, sliding up and down from
    her knee up until it reached under her skirt.   
Sally
    was to busy trying to survive the next ten minutes to worry about his fondling
    hands of her naked legs, her lips clenched tightly, straining to keep the
    obscene spread of her legs. Father Johns hands actually almost felt good
    as the rubbed her tired muscles. She looked down, her face flushed as she
    realized how high her skirt had ridden up. He had his hands high up under
    her skirt, feeling the rough, calloused hands rubbing over her tender inner
    thighs. He was running his fingers close to the spread of her legs, feeling
    the fingers begin to pinch her tender flesh. &ldquo;OOOW, that hurts Father
    John, OOOOW,&rdquo; his fingers feeling like he was bruising her thighs.
    She let her legs spread wider, the pain in her groin increasing.   
&ldquo;Good
    girl Sally,&rdquo; pleased that she spread her legs wider, thinking that
    she was allowing him even greater access beneath her skirt. He pushed her
    skirt up high onto her stomach, her white panties now completely exposed
    to his glaring eyes. His hands grabbed her legs on each side of her exposed
    groin, his fingers resting tightly against her pussy lips, pushing down onto
    the virgin flesh.   
&ldquo;Father
    John, it&rsquo;s time, I&rsquo;ve finished the hour, please let me up.&rdquo;   
Father
    John looked at the clock, she was correct, the hour was up. He moved out
    from beneath her legs, pulling the crosses from the corner of the desk.   
Sally
    closed her legs as soon as she saw the crosses removed, sitting up quickly.   
&ldquo;Sally,
    pull down your skirt!&rdquo; Father John admonished her. &ldquo;This is a
    church!&rdquo;   
Sally
    looked down, realizing that her skirt was not even covering her panties,
    pulling it down quickly, her eyes staring at the floor, not wanting to even
    look into his eyes.   
&ldquo;You
    may go now, Sally. I will see you tomorrow at the same time. Now this time,
    make sure you learn your lessons.&rdquo; He watched her as she ran out of
    the room.   
Sally
    walked into the house, hearing her mother on the phone. She walked into the
    living room, her mother sitting down talking on the phone.   
&ldquo;Yes
    Father John. Thank you very much. She did? I can&rsquo;t thank you enough.
    If she misbehaves again, you have our permission to deal out whatever punishment
    you think is appropriate. Thank you, Father John, see you in mass on Sunday.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Father
    John says you were bad and had to be punished.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Yes,
    Mother, but let me explain.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Nothing
    to explain. Father John told me how well you took your punishment. He was
    very proud of you. Says you are doing very well, except for a few cases of
    your misbehavior. But he says that he has devised some very clever punishments
    to make sure that your behaviors do not repeat themselves. As I told him,
    he has our permission to do whatever he feels is necessary. We have complete
    confidence in Father John to do what is right. Now go upstairs and change
    your clothes, I need some help with dinner. Hurry now, the men will be inside
    soon and they will be hungry. You know how your father doesn&rsquo;t like
    to wait for his dinner.&rdquo;   
Chapter 2 Sally Gets a Present  
Sally
    seemed to have learned her lesson and studied hard to make sure that she
    would not be punished again. The next day she answered all of Father John's
    question. There was no mention of what had transpired the day before and
    no mention of his phone call with her mother. His cock strained his trousers
    as he taught Sally, sitting close to her at the table, her fragrance intoxicating
    to him. Her mother&rsquo;s permission to punish Sally just made his job easier.
    Easier to molest that fine, young body that was so close to him. He would
    not punish her today, he had other plans. They soon finished their lessons,
    moving from the table to reach into his desk.  
&quot;You
    have performed wonderfully today, Sally. Yesterday&rsquo;s punishment has
    seemed to have helped your study habits. Did you enjoy the desk yesterday?
    Did you like your legs spread open wide as punishment?&quot; He cock jerked
    in the thoughts of her young body spread open for him yesterday. He had run
    out of time before he had a chance to feel that young pussy. Next time that
    would not be the case.  
&quot;No,
    Father John. It hurt. I heard my mother telling you it was OK to punish me.
    I don't want to go through that again.&quot;  
&quot;Well,
    you did well today and I have a reward for your good work.&quot; He saw her
    eyes light up. He reached inside his desk and took out a white box. &quot;I
    know how much you like the cross, so I have a special one for you.&quot;  
Sally
    cringed when she heard the word cross. She remembered how Father John had
    forced her to spread her legs wide open with the crosses making sure she
    obeyed. What was he planning to do?  
Father
    John took a shiny metal cross out of the box. It hung from a slender metal
    chain. It was about three inches long and two inches wide. He let it dangle
    from his fingers, it slowly spinning in the light.  
Sally
    looked at it. It wasn't flat, it seemed to have some design on it, with ridges
    running up and down the different pieces. She could almost see little points
    running along the ridges.  
&quot;It
    is a special cross for you. The design has vines running all around it, with
    thorns on them. Just like Jesus had on his head as he was crucified. It is
    to remind you of the pain he had to suffer to forgive your sins. It will
    be a constant reminder of his gift to you.&quot;  
Sally
    felt him move behind her, his hands moving to place the cross around her
    neck. He attached it tightly, letting it hang down her front, the cross falling
    between her breasts. He sat down in front of her, staring at the cross nestled
    tightly between her cleavage.  
&quot;Do
    you like it Sally?&quot;  
&quot;Yes,
    Father John, I am honored by your gift.&quot; She reached down to touch the
    cross. &quot;OOOWW,&quot; her finger pricked by the sharp thorns on the cross. &quot;It's
    so sharp, is it suppose to be that way?&quot;  
&quot;You
    must learn to suffer as Jesus has suffered for you. It is only a tiny bit
    of the pain that he endured for you.&quot; He pulled his chair closer to
    her, his hand reaching out for the cross, pushing it to the side, letting
    it rest against her left breast. &quot;But you must wear it next to your
    heart,&quot; his hand reaching out to the top button of her blouse. He watched
    her eyes widen as he slowly fumbled with the button until it opened. He pulled
    her blouse open, her pale skin revealed, a tiny hint of cleavage showing
    through. He moved down to the next button, watching her lips clench as he
    did, her hands gripping the arm rests tightly. He unbuttoned the next button,
    pulling her blouse open even wider, her bra peeking out, ample cleavage now
    revealed to his gaze. She had large breasts for such a young girl. He loved
    that, shifting in his chair, his cock trapped in his trousers.  
&quot;Please
    Father John, your embarrassing me,&quot; her hands reaching up and pulling
    her blouse shut, clutching it tightly to her bosom.  
&quot;Nonsense
    young lady. I'm a priest. If I get sexually aroused at your body, it is your
    fault for tempting me. Now put your hands down!&quot; He gave her a stern
    look, staring into her eyes, waiting for her surrender. He did not have to
    wait long before he saw her arms fall to clutch the armrests tightly.  
&quot;I'm
    sorry Father,&quot; she murmured, allowing him access to her young body again.
    She feared what he might do. Yesterday she just barely escaped his fondling
    of between her legs, worried that today she would not be so successful.  
He
    smiled, his fingers returning to her blouse, unbuttoning a third button before
    grabbing both sides of the material of her blouse and slowly letting it part.
    It was now open below her bra, her naked upper breasts now revealed, her
    cotton bra now the only thing between his fingers and her perky tits. He
    pulled it wider, seeing her discomfort as she was slowly exposed to him,
    the first time any male had ever seen her half naked body. &quot;Good girl,
    Sally,&quot; tucking the blouse to the side.  
Sally
    watched as he moved the cross out from in front of her blouse and moved it
    towards her naked breast flesh. &quot;OOOHH,&quot; she moaned as it felt
    like her skin was burning as the cross touched her skin. She could feel Father
    John's hand touching her, making her feel very uncomfortable. He pushed the
    cross in between her cleavage, pushing harder on it, the tiny thorns beginning
    to prick her skin. &quot;OOOOWW, that hurts Father John.&quot;  
&quot;Hush
    child, it is for Jesus.&quot; He let the cross slowly play over her upper
    breast, making sure that the tiny thorns moved harshly over the tender flesh.
    The skin began to turn a light pink as the tiny thorns scratched into the
    flesh, barely cutting in the flesh, more like an abrasion. Her chest was
    heaving as she breathed heavily, his fingers dragging the heavy cross between
    her cleavage, rubbing in the gap between her large breasts before moving
    back up to the top of her breasts. The naked skin turned red as he scrubbed
    her skin harshly with the painful cross. He let his fingers touch the skin,
    not making any pretense for the fondling of her young tits. Her tit flesh
    was so springy, his fingers making soft indents, the thorny cross following,
    tearing her flesh.  
&ldquo;It
    hurts, Father John, please,&rdquo; she begged. He stopped, but moved behind
    her. He was not finished with her, she knew that. He just wanted a better
    position, and he found it behind the chair, looking down at her upthrust
    breasts.  
Sally
    cringed when she felt his other hand on her bra strap, letting the strap
    slide down off of her shoulder and arm. It moved to the other side, repeating
    the procedure, her bra hanging loose in front, the small clasp in the back
    the only thing keeping her breasts covered.  
&ldquo;Raise
    your arms up, Sally, now!&rdquo; He ordered her. He watched as she slowly
    let them rise, his arms grabbing her wrists, impatient to get back to the
    young tits exposed to him. He pulled her arms up high the back of the wooden
    chair. &ldquo;Palms out flat,&rdquo; pulling her wrists back until her hands
    were bent backwards. He moved forward, pushing his crotch into her waiting
    hands.  
Sally
    jumped when she felt him push his penis into the palms of her hand. She could
    not stop, her hands pinned beneath his crotch, his body pressing in hard.  
&ldquo;Good
    girl, Sally. I don&rsquo;t want your hands moving.&rdquo; His hands moved
    down to her half naked breasts again, grabbing the cross and moving down
    the gentle slope of her breast until it reached the edge of her bra. He slowly
    let his cock rub on her hands, feeling her trying to jerk her hands out,
    but only stimulating his crock to greater hardness. Today she would not be
    so lucky. Today she would have to make him cum before she went home. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t
    move your hands!&rdquo;  
He
    now had access to inside her bra cup, the cross moving inside the cup, trying
    to find a hard nipple to abuse. &ldquo;You have nice large breasts, Sally.
    So important for breast feeding your children when you get older. It is important
    that your nipples are big so that your babies will be able to suckle them.&rdquo;  
Sally
    was flushed, her hands forced to grab his hard penis, her fingers feeling
    the member jerking in response to her touch. He moved the scratching cross
    inside her bra, his other hand pulling it from her body, his eyes able to
    see down inside it. She knew that he could see her nipples, but she could
    not stop him from molesting her body. &ldquo;OOOOWWW, AAAGGG, that hurts
    soooo bad,&rdquo; she cried out, her fingers jerking, pushing on his hard
    penis, the thorns on the cross finding her delicate nipple and scratching
    it hard, the tiny thorns feeling like nails on the hardened nipple.  
&ldquo;Your
    nipples were made for nursing, I can see that they are very large. Let me
    move this bra out of the way,&rdquo; pulling her bra down, revealing her
    naked breast to his gaze.  
&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t
    uncover them, please Father John,&rdquo; she begged, her face turning red
    in humiliation as she was stripped naked to the waist for the first time
    in her life to a male.  
&ldquo;Nonsense,
    child, I am your Priest,&rdquo; his hand reaching under the globe of her
    right breast and hefting it up in his palm. He moved the cross to the nipple,
    his cock twitching as he saw the dark red nipple, the cross already teasing
    it into hardness. He let the cross touch her nipple, watching as tiny goose
    bumps appeared on her areola, the dark skin accented against her pale breasts.  
&ldquo;AAAAHHH,
    NNNNOO,&rdquo; she moaned as he dragged the sharp cross over her hardened
    nipple, letting the thorns rub harshly over the nipple and areola. &ldquo;That
    hurts toooo much.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;It
    is for Jesus, to show him that you will suffer for him.&rdquo; He pushed
    harder, letting the cross rub on her nipple, seeing it turn dark red as the
    thorns abraded the tender flesh. It would hurt her later when he sucked her
    nipples into his mouth, but he did not care. Her pain would make his cock
    harder. He rubbed his cock on her hands, &ldquo;good girl,&rdquo; his cock
    jerking in appreciation to her soft hands. He let the cross rub over her
    entire breast, his hand hefting the globes up in his hand, his fingers often
    brushing across the hardened nipples, plucking at the youthful flesh.  
Sally
    could feel Father John&rsquo;s fingers brushing across her breasts, but the
    painful cross made in inconsequential that he was molesting her. The painful
    scratching of the cross on her breasts and especially her sensitive nipples
    was more important. She felt him rubbing his hard penis against her hand,
    unable and unwilling to stop him, feeling it jerking as she moved her hand
    to keep it from cramping, pinned between the back of the chair and his groin.  
&#9;He stopped rubbing
    the cross on her naked breasts, letting it drop between her naked cleavage,
    nestled between the twin hillocks. He looked at her young breasts, now red
    and sore, her nipples swollen to twice their size, a dark red instead of
    the light pink when he started. He knew that they would be tender and sore
    for a while and that made his cock twitch in excitement. Whenever she moved
    around, her bra would scratch painfully against her nipples, keeping them
    in constant erection, reminding her of the punishment. 
Chapter 3 Sally Pays for Her Sins  
&#9;He moved around in
    front of her, watching her expression as she sat there, her breasts pushed
    up by the bra still tightened beneath them, the twin peaks rising and falling
    with her ragged breathing, her eyes showing the humiliation of having to
    submit to the fondling and abuse of her youthful breasts.  
&#9;&ldquo;Look at what
    the tempting of your body has done. My penis is swollen and hard. Your naked
    breasts and your soft hands have filled my testicles with the demon seed
    of sperm. You must purge the evil fluids from my loins. Do you understand
    what must be done Sally?&rdquo;  
&#9;Sally was afraid,
    afraid of what Father John was going to require of her. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m
    sorry Father.&rdquo; She moved to pull her bra up.  
&#9;&ldquo;No, leave the
    tempting flesh naked. I will spill my seed on them for doing this to me.&rdquo; He
    moved closer to her, his hands moving over her naked globes again, this time
    no pretense for the fondling of her flesh. He lowered his hand to his trousers,
    sliding the zipper down, unbuckling the belt and opening his trousers. He
    watched the shocked look on her face as she saw the bulge in his shorts.  
&#9;She felt him grab
    her hands and move them towards his open pants, fighting the movement, pulling
    back, not wanting to do what he would require of her.  
&#9;&ldquo;How dare you
    defy your priest, Sally! Now move your hands over here now or I will tell
    your parents how you showed your naked body to me and tried to tempt me with
    your flesh.&rdquo; He watched the expression on her face, having seen the
    look before. First the shock of his revealing his hardened cock, the panic
    at his request and now the threat of suffering her parent&rsquo;s displeasure
    at her behavior. He saw her expression as she finally realized that she would
    have to do as he said, the feeling of acceptance of her fate at his hands.  
&#9;She relaxed her arms,
    allowing him to move her hands over and push them inside his trousers, her
    fingers forced to encircle the hard member inside. She could feel how hot
    it was, the trousers no longer covering it, the thin shorts hardly any protection.
    She felt a wet spot on his shorts, cringing as it clung to her finger. She
    heard him moan, his penis jerking as she touched it, surprised at how much
    it moved about in her hand.  
&#9;&ldquo;Much better,
    Sally. Feel my mighty sword. You, a servant of the lord, will be privileged
    to take it in your hand and force out the demon seed that you are responsible
    for. We&rsquo;ll have to work on cleansing your body. Now I want you to run
    your hand up and down my sword. And pay particular attention to the end of
    it, the mighty head. It is for there that my demon seed will come forth to
    bath your body.&rdquo; He began to relax, feeling Sally give in to his demands,
    her soft hand beginning to run up and down his shaft, her fingers playing
    over the head as he ordered her.  
&#9;Sally did as she ordered,
    her hand gripping the hard member and stroking it up and down. She moved
    to the head, feeling a big ridge around it, letting her fingers pinch the
    end, it jerking in response. She could feel his shorts getting wetter, maybe
    he had already shot out his seed. She stopped, hoping she was finished.  
&#9;&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t
    stop, you are just making it leak a little. It has so much to shoot out.
    You will know when it is empty. It will begin to get soft. Now begin again,
    and use your other hand to grab my testicles and squeeze them gently. It
    is from there that the demon seed is made. You will have to force it out,&rdquo; moaning
    as she began to gently massage his swollen balls.  
&#9;She let her fingers
    stroke the sword up and down, her other hand gently caressing his testicles,
    feeling the heavy twin balls, gripping them, his moans showing that she was
    doing it right.  
&#9;&ldquo;On your knees
    in front of me, Sally,&rdquo; watching as she slipped off the chair, her
    naked breasts bouncing as she kneeled before him, her face in front of his
    open pants, her hands still stroking his hard cock.  
&#9;She was really scared
    now, her face only inches from his open pants. She saw him push his pants
    down to his knees, his shorts the only thing covering his penis. Why doesn&rsquo;t
    he shoot out his seed? She was doing it like he ordered her to.  
&#9;He watched her expression
    as he slowly lowered his shorts, his cock bouncing out, thick and hard, drops
    of cum on the swollen head, his heavy ball sack hanging beneath, two large
    balls, filled with his cum. Her eyes were wide open in fear, her hand frozen
    in space. &ldquo;Back to work, Sally, purge my body of the demon seed.&rdquo; He
    grabbed her hand and placed it on his dick, her hand jumping back as she
    felt the hard cock.  
&#9;She could not believe
    it. He had placed her hand on his naked penis, the hot, hard member pulsating.
    This was a man of God and he was forcing her to rub his penis. Rub it until
    he shot on her naked breasts. She pulled back like her hand was burned. &ldquo;Please,
    Father John, don&rsquo;t make me do it.&rdquo;  
&#9;&ldquo;Now Sally,
    you must pay for your sins. Your body tempted a man of God. You must now
    perform an act of contrition.&rdquo; He grabbed her tiny hand and moved it
    back to his cock, wrapping her fingers around the large member. &ldquo;Now
    rub it until you drive the demon seed from my loins,&rdquo; he ordered her,
    watching her face. He smiled when her hand wrapped itself around his huge
    cock and began to stroke it up and down, hesitantly at first, then harder,
    dragging her hand up over the swollen head.  
&#9;He moved his hand
    down under her chin, lifting her head up so he could see her eyes. &ldquo;Eyes
    open Sally, I want you to see what you have done to me, see what you have
    done to a man of God. Good girl, now use your other hand and squeeze the
    seed out of my testicles,&rdquo; her face only inches from his pulsating
    cock, her hand moving up and down his hardened member, tiny drops of cum
    leaking from the head as she did.  
&#9;She was so humiliated,
    on her knees in front of him, naked from the waist up, her face only inches
    from his penis, her hand stroking it up and down, drops of his seed, hot
    and sticky on her fingers as she ran it over the leaking head. Her other
    hand squeezed his testicles, the hot, swollen balls inside moving around
    as she clenched her fingers on them.  
&#9;&ldquo;You&rsquo;re
    doing a good job, Sally. Your parents would be so proud of you, obeying so
    well. Now Sally, sit up higher and press your breasts against my sword. I
    am getting ready to purge my demon seed and it needs to shoot on your sinful
    breasts. I want it shooting while nestled between your cleavage.&rdquo;  
&#9;At last, it was almost
    over. She sat up higher and moved forward, pressing her naked breasts against
    the pulsating member, feeling it jerk as she pushed it between her twin globes,
    wrapping them around it. She felt his hips begin to move, rubbing his penis
    on her breasts, her fingers playing over the head, wanting it to get over,
    wanting him to shoot on her breasts. Anything to end it.  
&#9;&ldquo;YYEEES, Yes,
    my body is purging the seed. Feel the hot seed on your young flesh. Feel
    it burning your soul.&rdquo; His cock shuddered, the first load of cum nudged
    out of his balls by her soft, clenching hand. It shot quickly out of the
    swollen head, shooting out between her breasts, some of the hot, sticky cum
    landing under her chin.  
&#9;It felt like her skin
    was on fire as the hot fluids landed on her. She wasn&rsquo;t sure if it
    was that hot or was it her imagination of the demon seed burning her flesh.
    Her hand began to rub in the sticky mess on her breast, feeling the penis
    pulsating again and another load shooting out. She squeezed his testicles
    again, this time harder, wanting to drag it all this time. She heard him
    moan, his hands reaching down and clutching the sides of her naked breasts,
    pushing the tender flesh around his member.  
&#9;&ldquo;More, there
    is more, Sally. You were so sinful, baring your flesh to my eyes. Making
    my sword so big and hard. Purge it from my body.&rdquo; He pumped his cock
    between her breasts, her soft hands continuing to manipulate his organ, her
    other hand grabbing his balls tightly.  
&#9;How much more could
    there be? Maybe she was responsible for it. Maybe she did tempt him with
    her shameful body. There seem to be so much seed. It continued to shoot out,
    soaking her young breasts with the hot fluid. There couldn&rsquo;t be that
    much unless she had provoked it. She rubbed harder, hoping for forgiveness
    of her sins. She had to drag all of the seed from him, her hand clutching
    his testicles, milking the last of the seed from his body. Her other hand
    continued to stroke the pulsating member, feeling the large vein running
    up the penis filling with seed before shooting out the end, the milky substance
    shout out in ropey gobs dripping down between her breasts, the liquid burning
    her abraded flesh, the thorns on the cross having opened up tiny cuts in
    her skin.  
&#9;He saw a newfound
    urgency in her tiny hands. Had she finally been convinced of her sins? Had
    he finally convinced her that it was all her fault? &ldquo;Yes, Sally, you
    are doing such a good job,&rdquo; shooting the last and final load of cum
    between her tits. He looked down at her, her hand still rubbing his shrinking
    cock, her other hand still clenching on his ball sack, now tender from unloading
    his cum.  
&#9;She suddenly realized
    that he was done, feeling his sword shrinking in her hand, no longer the
    hard, swollen member that was before, now just a soft piece of flesh. Her
    hand was covered with his seed, as well as her breasts. She started to sit
    back on the chair.  
&#9;&ldquo;Not yet Sally,&rdquo; moving
    closer to her. He grabbed his shrunken cock, still glistening with cum and
    moved it towards her lips. &ldquo;Kiss the sword of God,&rdquo; he ordered
    her, seeing her eyes open wide as he touched her lips with the wet cock.
    He could feel it already begin to get hard again.  
&#9;&ldquo;NNNGG,&rdquo; before
    she could protest, he had stuck the wet cock inside her lips, the wetness
    trailing on her lips. She stuck out her tongue in protest, the wet seed landing
    on it. It was salty and thick, sitting heavily in her mouth. She felt his
    hands on her head, holding her tightly against it. &ldquo;Taste the demon
    seed. Remember what it tastes like. Next time you will have to take communion
    in the hot confines of your mouth.&rdquo; He pulled his cock out, moving
    back. He rubbed her breasts with his hands, massaging his cum in her youthful
    breasts, pushing the wet fluid over her hardened nipples. He pulled back,
    her innocent lips now glistening with his cum, her red breasts now covered
    in a sheen of shiny cum.  
&#9;He pulled up his shorts
    and trousers. &ldquo;You may go now Sally, I will tell your mother how good
    you were today. She will be so proud of her little girl. I will see you tomorrow.
    We will work on your concentration then.&rdquo; He watched her as she pulled
    up her bra, slipping her wet tits inside them, buttoning her blouse up quickly,
    running from the room.  
&#9;Sally ran into the
    house, her mother still on the phone with Father John. When she hung up she
    went over to Sally. &ldquo;Father John was very proud of you today, Sally.
    He says you are progressing along. Your father and I are so proud of what
    you are accomplishing with Father John. Since you are doing so well, we told
    Father John you could stay an extra hour every day. I will miss the help
    with dinner, but Father John said that he could do so much more with you
    every day.&rdquo; Now clean up and come down for dinner.&rdquo;  
&#9;Sally raced upstairs,
    shutting herself in the bathroom, washing Father&rsquo;s John seed from her
    body and hands, putting on a new bra and heading back downstairs. She feared
    tomorrow&rsquo;s lessons with Father John. She hoped that she did not tempt
    him again. Otherwise she would have to pay for her sins again and she was
    afraid that this time. Afraid that she would have to use her mouth to suck
    the demon seed from him.  
To Be Continued 
Author: Powerone   
Title: The Priest Teaches
    His Flock   
Part: Chapter 4-5   
Summary: Father John
    is transferred to his third parish. Each time he was caught molesting his
    parishioners. This time we find him in a small parish in the Bible Belt in
    the 1950's. Sally is tested again and punished for failing.   
Keywords: M/f, oral, anal, humil, nc, 
    
By Powerone. Copyright
    2004.   
Author may be contacted
    at controlher@hotmail.com   
 
  Chapter 4 Concentration   
 The next few days, Father
    John took great pains to only teaching Sally her lessons, not engaging in
    any punishments or taking advantage of her. He found that this usually left
    the girls off guard. This gave them time to think about what had happened
    and the facts of what had transpired tended to get mixed up. They often began
    to blame themselves for what happened, no longer believing that Father John
    could have forced them to do anything.   
 Sally was nervous the
    next day, but Father John appeared as if nothing had happened. She completed
    her lessons, knowing all of the answers, Father John praising her. The next
    day was the same, her lessons and then he let her go home, praising her for
    her good work. He had even phoned her mother again, giving her a glowing
    progress report. But the cross hanging between her breasts was a constant
    reminder, the sharp thorns forever scratching the delicate skin. Her nipples
    still ached, her bra continually rubbing against them. It seemed that they
    were forever hard.   
 It was Thursday, Father
    John waiting for Sally as she arrived. It was time again. He had waited long
    enough. Sally sat down, ready to begin the lessons.   
 "We are going to do
    this a little differently today, Sally. You have been doing excellent with
    your lessons. Today we are going to test your concentration. God requires
    all of us to give him our full and undivided attention. It is important that
    you are able to block out all outside stimulation and be able to meditate
    or concentrate on the worship of our Lord."   
 "I understand, Father
    John. I can do that."   
 "We'll see Sally. I
    want you to stand up here. Take the bible on the table. I want you to begin
    reading aloud from it. Continue reading it until I tell you to stop. I am
    going to test you to see if I can break your concentration. You are to listen
    to what I have to say and obey my commands, but you are not to speak to me.
    You are to continue reading from the bible. Can you do that, Sally?"   
 Sally picked up the
    bible, standing in front of him. "Yes, Father John. That should not be hard."   
 "I am going to make
    it very difficult for you. If you disobey me, speak or stop reading from
    the bible, you will be punished. It is very important that you learn to concentrate
    on God. Your parents will be very proud if you can accomplish this."   
 The past thoughts of
    punishment came back into Sally's brain. Not again. Just when she thought
    it was over, the nagging doubt came back into her head. "No, you're not going
    to punish me again, are you Father John?" 
    
 "Only if you fail God
    and his test. You don't want to do that, do you Sally? Everyone would be
    so disappointed in you."   
 "No, I can do it. I
    can pass God's test. Where do you want me to start?"   
 "Good girl, Sally, I
    know you can do it. Open your bible to the first page and begin." He watched
    her as she began to read, slowly and cautiously reading each and every word,
    her eyes staring intently on the bible.   
 He pulled a full length
    mirror in front of Sally, another to the side of her. He wanted her to be
    able to see what he was doing and he also wanted to see her from all angles.   
 He moved up behind her,
    whispering in her ear, "good girl, Sally, keep reading. Move your arms out
    a little farther in front of you." He watched as she obeyed, her eyes staring
    at the bible, her voice continuing. "I want to see the cross I gave you,
    stand very still and keep reading." He heard her voice stutter for a moment.   
 Sally felt his hands
    move around her body, his palms rubbing against the side of her breasts as
    they moved in front of her. Her voice stuttered for a moment, catching herself,
    her eyes back down to the bible in front of her, reading on. She now understood
    what he was going to do. He was going to take advantage of her situation.
    She could not win. If she stopped him, she would have to suffer a punishment.
    If she didn't, she would have to suffer what humiliation he had in store
    for her. She felt his hand fumbling with her top button, just like before.
    He was going to uncover her breasts. Just like before. She caught a glimpse
    of her image in the mirror, his smiling face behind her, his large hands
    unbuttoning her blouse and pulling it aside, revealing her naked flesh.   
 Father John pushed up
    against Sally's ass, his cock already hard. "Stand very still," moving his
    cock back and forth over her ass. She felt her body begin to shake in fear,
    realizing what he had planned for her. His fingers continue the unbuttoning
    her blouse, now two buttons opened, her cleavage showing, the top of the
    cross exposed, nested between her perky tits. He pulled her blouse to the
    side, exposing her upper breasts. His cock continued to rub against her ass,
    feeling her push back on it, not wanting to be pushed over by his rutting.   
 Sally continued to read,
    becoming more difficult, his penis rubbing against her, her blouse slowly
    being stripped from her body. She felt the third button pulled open, his
    hands spreading the blouse open wide, her bra now exposed, her cleavage nestling
    the cross between it. Maybe now he would stop, he could see the cross.   
 He saw her reflection
    in the mirror, her large breasts pushing out the bra, almost unable to contain
    them. His fingers continued their mission, the fourth and fifth button opened,
    pulling the blouse from her skirt, letting it fall to her side. "Can you
    feel what your breasts are doing to my sword again, Sally. Your young body
    is tempting me again. You will have to pay for your sins. You will have to
    drain the demon seed from my loins again, Sally."   
 She almost stopped,
    knowing that she would have to rub his penis again. Rub it until he dumped
    his demon seed on her body again. But she did not want to be punished. She
    remembered how she had to spread her legs obscenely before. How he almost
    molested her. How painful it was. She continued to read, seeing herself in
    the mirror out of the corner of her eyes, not wanting to lose her place in
    reading.   
 She felt his hands unbutton
    the sleeves on her arms, knowing what was next.   
 "Pull your top off and
    let it fall to the floor, one arm at a time."   
She
    hesitated, almost stuttering again, but then she held the bible with one
    hand, and let the blouse fall off her shoulder and slip off her arm. She
    repeated the process with the other sleeve until it fell to the floor in
    a heap at her feet. Sally continued to read, catching a glimpse of her in
    one of the mirrors, standing there in her bra, Father John behind her, his
    hard penis still rubbing against her butt.   
"God
    will always be testing you, Sally. He will have boys trying to touch your
    body, to try to get you to have sex with them. I can help you resist the
    temptation." He moved his hands around, the palms of his hands grabbing onto
    her young breasts, his hands clenching onto the springy flesh. "Like this,
    they will try to grab your breasts like this. They will try to get you turned
    on so they can have sex with you. You must resist the temptation." He let
    his hands roam over her breasts, loving the feeling of the perky tits, loving
    the feel of a young girl's breasts. "They will try to get to your naked flesh,
    removing your bra so they can feel your naked breasts," his fingers moving
    to her back, unsnapping the simple white, cotton bra. "Let it slip off to
    the floor, Sally," he ordered her.   
She
    felt his hands running over her flesh, unable to stop him from fondling her
    body. He squeezed her breasts hard almost stopping her from reading. She
    felt her bra strap tension release, her bra hanging uselessly from her shoulders.
    Her breasts were firm and perky, able to be supported without the bra. She
    hesitantly complied with his request, letting the bra slip from her arms
    one at a time until it fell to the floor. She looked in the mirror again,
    her naked breasts highlighted by the shiny metal cross nestled between them.
    She continued to read, waiting for his hands to return, knowing that he would
    now be able to molest her naked breasts. This was the second time Father
    John had done this to her. Had stripped her naked to her waist.   
He
    whispered in her ear, "boys will test your religious beliefs," his hands
    moving around to heft her large globes up in his palm, feeling the soft,
    warm flesh filling his hands. His fingers moved to her nipples, snapping
    his finger back and forth over the hardening buds, feeling her body shudder
    as her nipples lengthened to over an inch. "They will rub your nipples like
    this, trying to turn you onto sex. You must resist the temptation, even when
    they squeeze them hard like this," his fingers grabbing the nipples between
    two fingers and tightening on them. He pulled her nipples hard, pulling them
    from her body, stretching them out over two inches, her back arching to prevent
    the strain.   
It
    was becoming harder and harder to continue reading. Father John's hands were
    abusing her breasts, especially her nipples. She could feel the sharp pain
    in the tips as his fingers crushed them, turning and twisting them, blood
    squeezed from the tips. His penis seemed to be getting bigger, his hips pushing
    the steely rod against her butt, moving back and forth. It was humiliating
    for her to be fondled at will by Father John, his hands moving over her naked
    flesh, unable to prevent the abuse of her body.   
"You're
    doing a good job, Sally," his hands leaving her nipples, but continuing to
    heft her large tits in his palm, loving the feeling of the young tit flesh.
    He continued to caress them, his fingers moving over them, clenching and
    unclenching on them, feeling them, loving the resiliency in them.   
She
    felt him leave her, moving away from her, his hands no longer on her breasts,
    his penis no longer rubbing against her butt. Was he finished with her? She
    did not have to wait long for an answer, hearing him drag a chair over behind
    her. She looked in the mirror, Father John sitting behind her, quickly catching
    a glimpse of his hands moving towards her hips, her eyes darting back to
    the bible in front of her, continuing to read. She felt his hands move onto
    her hips, hands all too familiar with her body, now moving down below her
    waist.   
"God
    will test you with boys, making them try to get into your pants, Sally. You
    must resist their advances, do not let them get you sexually aroused. If
    you know what they are going to try to do to you, you will know how to stop
    them. I will help you. I will show you what they want. I will show you what
    not to let them do." His hands moved down to run sensuously over her ass
    cheeks. He could feel how firm they were, feeling her tighten the muscles
    as his hands rubbed over them.   
What
    was he going to do to her now? He had tried to feel her between her legs
    before when she was spread on the desk. He'd had run out of time, seconds
    before his fingers would have violated her sex. His hands now returned, this
    time to her tight butt, his fingers grabbing her flesh, clenching it like
    he did to her breasts.   
"Spread
    your legs for me, Sally. You have very beautiful thighs, the boys will love
    to make you open them and let them run their hands up and down them, always
    trying to get into your pants."   
Sally
    resigned herself to her fate, allowing her legs to open, spread apart at
    least a foot. She continued to read from the bible, waiting for the touch
    she knew was coming, waiting for Father John's hands to move between her
    legs and grab her thighs.   
"You
    can do better then that, Sally, wider, spread your legs wider, like you did
    on the desk. The boys like little girls with their legs spread wide." He
    always enjoyed making them spread their legs open, leaving them vulnerable
    to his fondling. He knew that soon Sally would make a mistake. A mistake
    that would cost her a punishment. It would be back onto the desk to spread
    her legs open wide, wider then was comfortable, splitting her up the middle.
    The crosses would be back, making her comply, making her open and vulnerable
    to him. If she didn't allow him access to between her legs now, she would
    when she was spread on the desk. He nudged her legs with his foot, making
    her spread her legs open, now over two feet. His hands grabbed her hips tightly, "more
    Sally, I want them open real wide," his hand touching her knees, pushing
    out on them, opening her legs wider.   
Sally
    kept opening her legs, but Father John kept insisting on more. His hands
    and fingers probed her, forcing her open, stretching her legs open. She caught
    her reflection in the mirror, her naked breasts heaving up and down, her
    nipples still red and swollen from his fingers, her legs now spread obscenely,
    Father John smiling as he enjoyed her humiliation. She continued to read
    from the bible, now having read over 30 pages.   
Father
    John went back to the task of feeling up her young body, now half naked before
    him, her legs spread wide, waiting for his touch, unable to prevent his fondling
    of her body. His cock felt like it was going to burst from his trousers,
    his hand reaching down to rub it. Sally would be making him cum again today,
    but this time he would be giving her communion. He would dump his cum into
    her hot, little mouth. His hands returned to her ass, feeling the flesh bunch
    beneath his fingers as he grabbed the tight flesh harshly, feeling her tightening
    her muscles as he did. "When God tempts you Sally, he is going to have boys
    lifting your skirts like I am doing, their inexperienced hands reaching under
    to grab your panty covered flesh." He pulled up on her skirt, watching her
    naked legs gradually being revealed to him, her legs parted, her firm thighs
    available to his fondling. "You must fight the urge to get sexually aroused.
    It will be difficult, they will do many things to make you let them into
    your panties."   
His
    calloused hands were rubbing up and down her tender thighs, each time going
    higher and higher, moving between the "V" of her legs. She shivered in fear,
    afraid of what he intended to do once he reached the secret spot between
    her legs. She felt the bottom of her skirt pulled up and tucked into her
    waistband, naked from the waist down except for a thin pair of cotton panties.
    His hands returned to her butt again, grabbing her cheeks hard, fingers sliding
    up and down the crease, her ass cheeks clenched tightly, preventing his probing
    fingers from her most intimate parts. She felt his fingers reach the juncture
    of her legs, his hand now between her legs, grabbing her sex with his palm,
    his fingers pushing between her lips. "Please Father John, please don't!" she
    finally cried out, unable to contain the molesting of her body any longer.
    She lowered her arms, the bible at her side, tears running down her face,
    humiliated at what she had been subjected to.   
"Now,
    now, Sally, you did very good, you did the best you could in resisting God's
    temptations. It is a very difficult task, especially for a young girl like
    you." He let her skirt fall back into place, standing beside her, grabbing
    the bible from her hand.   
"Thank
    you, Father John, I will try harder next time, I promise," relieved that
    he understood.   
"I
    know you will Sally, I know you will try harder next time. You will remember
    the punishment you had to suffer, just like Jesus and you will try real harder," smiling.
    He was waiting for this, waiting for the chance to punish her.   
The
    look of shock made Father John's cock jerk in his pants. She had thought
    she would not be punished. He always loved that, such na&iuml;ve young girls.   
"No,
    you're not going to punish me, are you Father John? You said I did a good
    job. And I will try to do better next time, please, please," she begged.   
"You
    will do a better job next time because you will not want to endure the punishment
    again. You did a good job, but you failed God's test. For that you must be
    punished. Now step over to the desk, Sally." 
Chapter 5 The Punishment
    Again.   
 "Not the desk, you're
    not going to make me spread my legs wide again are you. That hurts soo much."   
 "You must learn, Sally,
    you must learn to obey. You disappointed God. You're suffering shows that
    you are truly repentant. You want to repent for your sins, don't you Sally?
    The more you suffer the punishment, the more you show God you want to repent
    for your sins."   
 Sally knew she had no
    choice. She was going to be punished by Father John and she knew that he
    would make her suffer. "I will do whatever is required of me. I disappointed
    God."   
 "I will help you repent
    your sins to God, Sally. I will make you suffer so God will know you are
    repentant of your sins." He watched her half naked body move over to the
    large desk, her tits bouncing as she walked, her skirt still having fallen
    down covering her legs again. He would have it above her waist again real
    soon. "Onto the desk, Sally."   
 Sally sat on the desk,
    facing Father John. Her eyes opened wide when he picked up a wooden board,
    about two feet by one foot. It was covered with tiny tacks sticking up from
    the board, spaced apart an inch apart. She leaned back, knowing what was
    required of her, afraid of what purpose the board had, only knowing that
    she knew that somewhere, those tacks would be puncturing her body.   
 He liked the way she
    looked, her arms behind her, supporting her body upright, her youthful breasts
    sticking straight up into the air, her nipples still hard, pointing outward.
    He put the board down, his hands reaching out for her tits again, grabbing
    them roughly, bouncing them up and down, slapping at them before grabbing
    her nipples and pulling them from her body, stretching them out. He heard
    her moan in pain, but she did not protest the brutal use of her body. She
    was already in too much trouble.   
 "Not this time, Sally,
    this time I want you on your stomach. Turn over and lay flat on the table.
    Scoot up a little first," watching as she complied, seeing her press her
    breasts into the cold table, her body shivering as the coldness spread through
    her nipples.   
 "Lift up a little so
    I can slide this board under your breasts. Jesus was crucified to the cross
    with nails, you will suffer a similar fate. You will be forced to lie on
    top of the tacks." He saw the look of resignation on her face as she pushed
    up on her body, her breast peeling off from the desk, his hands sliding the
    board underneath her hanging breasts. He grabbed her breasts by the nipple,
    unable to stop himself from milking the hanging jugs, pulling on the nipples
    like she was a cow ready for milking. He released them, her nipples hard
    and swollen, ready for the tacks. "Down now, press your breasts into the
    board," his cock jerking around in his trousers, wanting to escape, wanting
    Sally's soft hands wrapped around.   
 It hurt her nipples
    as he pulled and tugged on them, stretching them, his fingers digging painfully
    into the tips, his fingernails biting into the rubbery flesh. She gritted
    her teeth and let her body slowly lower down, her nipples hitting the tacks
    first, one sharp tack finding her left nipple square in the center of the
    nub. She felt his hand on her naked back, slowly pressing her down, not giving
    her a chance to get into a better position, forcing her to suffer. Her areolas
    were next, tacks finding the large silver dollar circles, the bite of the
    tack pricking the tender skin. More pressure on her back, pushing harder
    this time, forcing her breasts to flatten onto the sharp tacks, tiny puncture
    wounds appearing all over her breast flesh. "OOOOWWW, that hurts Father John.
    Pleeeasse," she begged, but his hands urged her farther down, pushing her
    down until her body weight pushed her harshly into the tack covered board.   
 "Lay still now," moving
    both hands onto her back and began to push, forcing her into the sharp tacks,
    hearing her groan and moan in pain when the tiny, sharp tacks punctured her
    flesh. He loved it when she moaned louder, knowing that a tack had punctured
    her nipple or areola, the sharp bite of the tack attacking her tender flesh. "Suffer
    for God, Sally," pushing again, making her body move up and down on the board,
    giving the tacks new places to puncture, making Sally groan louder in pain.   
 "Now your legs, Sally.
    You are going to have to spread open more then last time. I want you to feel
    that you are splitting up the middle. There will be no time limit this time.
    God will give you a sign when he thinks you have suffered enough." He stroked
    the back of her leg, letting his hand slide from her knee down to her ankle,
    then back up again. "The first one is the easiest, Sally, let it slide all
    the way over to the edge." He grasped her ankle, letting it move over to
    the edge, knowing that her body shifting would allow the tacks to find new
    spots to puncture, pleased at her groans of pain. "Now the cross to make
    sure that you don't disappoint God." He placed the cross in the hole in the
    edge of the desk, the gleaming cross testament to Sally's bondage. He had
    tied up some of the young girls, but he liked it better when they provided
    their own invisible bondage. It was so much better to see them suffer at
    their own hands, spread open willingly, his hands fondling their flesh as
    they moved about, attempting to escape, but always keeping their legs open
    and spread.   
 The humiliation was
    beginning again. Her breasts ached, the sharp puncturing tacks continually
    tormenting her flesh. Now Father John began to spread her legs, knowing that
    he would be looking up between her spread legs, knowing that she could not
    close them, her sex only covered by a pair of simple cotton panties. His
    hands were already fondling her legs, the large, calloused hands rubbing
    up and down her lower legs as he began to spread her. She looked back, the
    cross pinning her one leg open wide. She felt his hand grab the other ankle
    and slowly part it, opening her up like a giant wishbone. She turned her
    head the other way, watching as he opened her up, her crotch beginning to
    ache as she was spread open wider then she should have been. "OOOOOHH, plllease,
    not so far Father John," she begged, her tear stained face looking pitifully
    at Father John. He was enjoying her pain and humiliation, his face reflecting
    a large grin.   
 "Suffer for God, Sally," jerking
    her leg to the side, spreading it to the far side of the desk, making sure
    her ankle hung over the side of the desk before he released it. "Hold it
    there while I get the other cross," releasing her leg, forcing Sally to maintain
    the painful position. He picked up the other cross and slowly lowered it
    into the hole in the desk, the two crosses now the invisible rope holding
    Sally open and spread. He saw her looking back, making sure her ankle was
    far enough from the cross so it would not accidentally touch it. That was
    the best part of the crosses. They always spread their legs open even wider
    then necessary. Always wanting to make sure they did not touch the crosses.
    So far, none of them had. Even the ones that he fucked, lying on their young
    spread bodies, as they endured his powerful rutting inside their virgin pussies,
    their legs straining to keep open, their pussies painfully torn and bruised
    by his large cock, pumping them with his organ until he finished, dumping
    his demon seed in their once virgin bodies.   
 The last girl was the
    best. He had her spread like Sally, on her stomach, her ass arched up high
    by a pillow, her legs spread open even wider then Sally. He had already removed
    her little panties, her ass cheeks spread apart by the wide expanse of her
    legs. She was younger then the others, not knowing what was going to happen
    as he mounted her back, sliding his naked body onto hers, his legs between
    hers, nestling his cock between the cheeks of her ass, feeling her shivering
    in fear when she felt it. She had felt his cock before, made to use her hands
    on his cock, making him cum and even sucked his cock with her tiny mouth.
    He fumbled between her legs, lining his cock up with her tiny hole, hearing
    her pleadings. He ignored her, listening to her scream as he slowly forced
    his cock into her tiny body. But it was not her virgin pussy that he entered.
    It was her virgin asshole. Her hips shook from side to side, but her legs
    were always spread open wide, unwilling to stop him from sinking his cock
    into the deep recesses of her rectum and colon. He had pumped her for twenty
    minutes, her asshole stretched painfully, taking the giant man sized cock
    up her backside her painful groaning making his cock even harder. She was
    his downfall, telling her parents about it. That was how he ended up at the "retreat" and
    ultimately here.   
 Sally ached, her groin
    feeling like it was torn, her thighs already aching from the widespread stance
    of her legs. She could see Father John behind her, staring up between her
    spread legs, his trousers bulging in the front. Her breasts stung, the sharp
    tacks tearing into her flesh, unable to keep still, moving around, trying
    to relieve some of the pain. The worst were the ones that had punctured her
    nipples. One had pierced the tip. Every time she breathed, her chest heaving
    brought about excruciating pain. But she had other problems to worry about.
    Father John hands were returning to her body. She could feel his hands running
    up and down her legs, knowing that he would not be content until he reached
    up under her skirt.   
 "Very good, Sally. You're
    spread so wide. I know it must hurt, but you must suffer for your sins. Now
    lay still, I will help you get through this," his hands moving up higher
    until it reached the bottom of her skirt. "Your body is tempting me again.
    You will have to draw out the demon seed from my loins again. Like you did
    the other day." His hands reached the top of her legs, only inches from her
    panties, her skirt beginning to bunch around her waist, his hands fondling
    her flesh, his fingers digging painfully into her tender flesh, bruising
    it as he did, his cock jerking when she let out tiny bursts of pain.   
 Her legs were trembling
    already, her thighs strained to the breaking point, the juncture of her legs
    feeling like she was torn up the middle. She kept looking down, making sure
    that her legs were not near the crosses, having to spread them wider each
    time, the pain increasing as she did. His fingers were becoming more urgent,
    pushing hard into her flesh, knowing that he was leaving bruises. She could
    feel the cool air of the room on her legs, knowing that her skirt was hiked
    up high.   
 "I'm going to push your
    skirt out of the way, Sally,' his fingers lifting the skirt up and pushing
    it onto her back, her panties now the only protection of her butt. Father
    John moved up and pushed down on her back, forcing a groan of pain and a
    squirming of her body as the tacks tore into new flesh.   
&quot;OW,&quot; she
    cried out, humiliated as he plucked one of her pubic hairs. &quot;Ow,&quot; her
    legs wanting to close, to stop him from doing it but the crosses keeping
    her spread and open to his torture. Her legs trembled, the pain in her thighs
    increasing as his fingers were now moving over her spread crotch. She felt
    him grab her panties high up at her waist and pull them up, the material
    between her legs slowly pushed up between her ass cheeks and pussy lips,
    the material biting into the tender areas of her body. If the spread of her
    legs was not bad enough, now her panties were tearing her up the middle.   
His
    hands moved back down between her spread legs, now almost naked, her panties
    only a tiny bit of material, her ass cheeks naked, the panties pushed between
    her cheeks, her pussy lips now exposed, the panties nestled between them,
    splitting them open. His fingers moved over her naked flesh, feeling the
    tight, young skin of her ass, trembling muscles holding her legs in their
    obscene position before moving down and slowly running over her pussy lips.
    They were big, puffy lips, covered in a batch of blonde, fine hair. He pinched
    one, hearing her squeal in pain, her ass pumping up in response to the pain.
    He ran his fingers up and down over her pussy lips, her red face looking
    back at him, watching her legs and the crosses, afraid of touching them,
    unable to prevent him from molesting her virgin flesh.   
&quot;Please
    don't Father John, don't touch me there, please,&quot; she begged him as
    his hands continued to play with her private parts, his fingers running up
    and down her lips, her body shivering in fear as they played across the fine
    hair, afraid of how far he would go. Her breasts hurt, his fingers making
    her move around, her nipples already punctured by two sharp tags now dragging
    painfully over the tacks. He moved lower down, his finger running between
    her pussy lips, feeling the panty material pushed in deep.   
&quot;How
    dare you tell me what I can do?&quot; He went over to the desk and opened
    the drawer and pulled out a large wooden ruler. It was about two feet long
    and over two inches wide.   
&quot;Please,
    Father John, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it,&quot; scared at what he was going
    to do with the ruler.   
&quot;I
    don't want another word out of you, Sally. You are being punished and punished
    you will be. Maybe a good spanking with the ruler will teach you some manners.
    Teach you to obey your church and Priest.&quot;   
Sally
    began to sob. It kept getting worse, now Father John intended to spank her
    with the ruler. With the tacks under her breasts and her legs spread painfully
    wide, he was now going to inflict even more pain on her young body. She was
    afraid where he was going to use the ruler. It looked like it would hurt
    terribly.   
Father
    John moved over towards Sally's butt. He pulled her panties at the top and
    pulled them out of her crease by running his hand along the edge of them.
    He smothered them back over her creamy ass, his hand slowly running over
    the taut flesh. His fingers went down between her legs, finding her pussy
    now covered again, the panties damp with her juices. He let the ruler lightly
    tap against her ass cheeks, feeling her body tense up.   
"Smaaaack," the
    ruler came crashing down on her right cheek.   
"AAAGGG," Sally
    cried out, her legs jerking out, almost touching the crosses, the tacks grinding
    on her abused breasts. "PPPLEEEASSE, NOOOOO!"   
Father
    John let his hand soothingly caress her ass cheek, already feeling the heat
    from the blow on her skin. "Make sure you keep your legs spread real wide." He
    watched as her legs bowed out wider, groaning as she split herself up the
    middle. "Good girl, you're learning. You just need some punishment to learn
    your lessons."   
"SMMMAAACCKK," this
    time harder on her left cheek.   
"OOOOWWW," Sally's
    scream even louder. She began to sob louder, her butt burning from the wooden
    ruler. But she did not say anything. She just lay there, naked except for
    a pair of white, cotton panties, her legs spread wide, her breasts pushed
    painfully into the board of tacks, her nipples pierced by sharp tacks. She
    felt his hand return, caressing her burning buttock, her ass clenching from
    the pain.   
"Now
    you're being a good girl. But there is still more. You must learn your lesson.   
"SSSMMMAACKK,
    SSSMMMAAACKK," this time the ruler hitting each cheek, one after another,
    Sally's body trembling in pain as the ruler hit the same spot as last time.
    A spot already turning red and painful.   
"GGGGGGoDDDD,
    thaaattt hurttts soooo bad!" she cried out.   
"God
    is why you are being punished Sally." His hands ran over her flesh, the heat
    from the ruler rising from under her panties. He could feel her tensing up
    her ass muscles, clenching her ass cheeks tightly together. "I'm going to
    continue beating your ass with the ruler until you stop clenching your muscles.
    You are going to give into me and let me have my way."   
"SSSMMAACCK,
    SMMMMAAACKK," the twin slaps of the ruler, this time a little lower, catching
    the top part of her thighs, stinging the tender skin. He could see the skin
    turning red.   
She
    did not know how much longer she could stand the pain. Her butt was so sore,
    the ruler now finding new spots to hit, the pain radiating all over her butt.
    She felt Father John's hands return, rubbing lower onto her naked flesh,
    his hands massaging her heated skin. She felt him move up to her butt again.
    This time she did not tighten her ass cheeks. He had won. She would not fight
    him any longer.   
"Yes,
    that's a good girl, Sally." He moved up to her face, wiping the hair out
    of her eyes, tears running down her cheek and falling into a puddle on the
    desk beneath her. "It's almost over Sally, just don't tighten up on me and
    it will be over soon. You want that don't you? You want me to stop punishing
    you."   
Sally
    sniveled, "yes, please Father John."   
He
    kept his face next to hers, but she felt his hands slide down her side and
    move over her butt. He grabbed her flesh in his palm, feeling the lovely
    flesh in his fingers, her soft skin still hot from the ruler. She let him
    have his way, the fight beaten out of her. She shivered in fear as she felt
    his hand slip between her legs and slip up to run over her groin, his hand
    closing over her crotch, squeezing her sex.   
"Yes,
    such a good girl, Sally. Father John is happy with you," His finger slid
    beneath her pussy lips, a gasp coming from her mouth as a strange finger
    was placed in her most intimate part of her body. He let his finger wiggle
    between her lips, feeling her body move up, attempting to escape. "Now, now,
    I thought you were going to be a good girl, Sally."   
She
    felt his hand move back up to her butt. "NNNO," as she felt him slowly lower
    her panties down in the back, her ass cheeks now naked, humiliated at being
    stripped naked and spread before him. "NNOO," crying as he pulled them down
    to right below where here hillocks ended. The hands returned, this time only
    naked skin available to him. His hands running over the young, tight flesh.   
 "SMMACCCK, SMMMMAAACK," the
    sound of the ruler hitting her naked flesh now different. The pain was more
    intense.   
 "YYYYAAAAHH," her body
    shaking, her muscles trembling as the pain radiated to her brain.   
 "Going to be good, Sally?" He
    looked into her tear stained face again. "Or do you want more?"   
 "No, Father John, no
    more."   
 "We'll see how good
    you can be Sally."   
 She let her body relax,
    as best as she could. She still had to fight to keep her legs spread open
    so wide. But Father John liked that. He wanted her open to his fondling of
    her young body. And she could no longer do anything about it. She felt his
    hands crawling along her side and move onto her naked ass cheeks again, his
    hand clamping tightly onto the flesh, clenching and unclenching onto her
    butt.   
"Now
    God will test you Sally. To see if you can obey." His hand slid down her
    ass cheeks, slowly sliding down inside her panties from the rear. "Take a
    deep breath and relax now, Sally."   
Nooo,
    she cried out, but not so Father John or anyone could hear her. She felt
    his fingers slip down into her panties, onto her naked flesh and push up
    under her and slip between her lips. Her body froze as her sex was touched
    by a male for the first time. Her breathing stopped, frozen in fear as she
    felt his fat fingers moving around inside her lips, moving up and down her
    slit as she lay there naked and spread. The fingers moved around like a tiny
    snake, slithering along her slit, moving up and down. She felt the finger
    find the opening to her vagina and stop, poised at her virginal opening.   
"God
    wants to make sure you are a virgin, Sally. Hold still while I put a finger
    inside you. I want to feel your hymen." He saw the look of desperation in
    her eyes as his fingers began to snake up inside her vagina. He felt how
    tight she was, his finger having to fight its way inside her, bending and
    pushing millimeters at a time.   
"AAAAAHHH," sucking
    in a deep breath as she felt his finger sliding into her virgin body, her
    inner muscles clamping down onto her, Sally unable to control her body. "OOW," quietly
    protesting his finger banging painfully against her hymen.   
"Yes,
    God likes you being a virgin, Sally." He let his middle finger stay inside
    her hot, tight pussy, his index finger sliding up until it reached her clit.
    He let it stab at the clit hood, pushing it aside, revealing a large, swollen
    clit. He rubbed it back and forth, her body jerking in response.   
He
    pulled his fingers from her pussy, his middle finger wet and shiny from her
    pussy juice. She might act like she did not like it, but her body did put
    out enough cr&egrave;me to keep her lubricated. "Almost finished, just one
    more place."   
Sally
    was confused. What was he talking about? She did not have to wait long before
    his hand crawled back out of her panties, Sally breathing a sigh of relief
    as his finger was pulled from her vagina, embarrassed and humiliated that
    he had so openly fondled her body.   
"Relax
    again, Sally, almost done." His hand ran down the split of her ass, pushing
    apart her cheeks as he did, his wet finger leaving a trace of her cr&egrave;me
    along it as it kept going lower. Seeking out her tiny asshole.   
Not
    there, why would he want to touch that she thought, finally figuring out
    his intentions. She let her ass cheeks relaxed, having already gone beyond
    the point of no return. She felt his fat finger find her tiny butt hole and
    the tip push down on it. She could feel the wetness on his finger and she
    knew that was from her. She gritted her teeth as she felt the pressure on
    his finger slowly push down onto her tiny opening, feeling it slowly spreading
    open. It felt strange, being pushed in, instead of out, his finger relentless,
    a continual pressure. Her sphincter fought the strange and unnatural intrusion,
    but Father John was stronger. "GGGGHHR," she cried out, unable to contain
    herself as her asshole was speared by a finger for the first time, the digit
    slowly worming its way inside her.   
Father
    John's cock was ready to burst. She had already let him finger her cunt and
    now he had his finger up her asshole. He could feel her sphincter fighting
    the intrusion, her asshole hot and tight on his digit. She just lay there,
    spread open, moaning in pain as he had his way with her. She was now his
    to do as he pleased. Soon, she would lose the virginity of all three of her
    orifices. He pulled his finger out of her asshole, a slight pop sounding
    as it quickly clamped shut.   
"Time
    for communion, Sally. Your young body has tempted me again. You are going
    to have to draw the evil demon seed from my body again. Are you going to
    be good and do that Sally?"   
Sally
    knew that she would have to comply. She had already performed this task before,
    jerking his penis with her soft hand until he had shot his demon seed all
    over her naked breasts. All she had to do was do it again.   
"Yes,
    Father John. I am sorry that my body tempts you so much. I will do as I am
    told."   
To Be Continued  
Chapter 6-Getting His Sword Ready for Communion   
&quot;You may get up Sally,&quot; moving
  the crosses from between her legs.  
Sally allowed her legs to close,
  grateful that the painful aching in her thighs were finished, but fearful of
  what would be required of her now. She knew that she would have to make him
  shoot his demon seed. He had talked about her taking her communion, not understanding
  what he meant. She laid still, her legs together. She was afraid of what would
  happen when she pulled her chest off the tacks. Her panties were still pulled
  below her naked ass cheeks, not wanting to reach behind her, that would pull
  on the tacks below her. Her humiliation was less suffering than the pain.  
Father John moved up towards her
  head, &quot;let me help you Sally,&quot; his hand holding down the board. &quot;Raise
  up slowly,&quot; watching as she slowly rose up onto her arms into a push up
  position, the board slowly pulling from her chest. He saw the tacks, some red
  with blood. He pulled the board and moved it out of the way. &quot;Sit on the
  edge of the desk, feet hanging down Sally.&quot;  
When he turned around, she had
  hurriedly pulled up her panties and swung around to the edge of the desk. Her
  arms were covering her breasts, her legs together. He moved in front of her,
  putting his hands on her knees, &quot;spread your legs, Sally.&quot;  
Sally cringed when she heard that
  command again. She hated it. It always left her so vulnerable. She did as he
  said, her legs opening, feeling him move between them, his hips pushing on
  her thighs, forcing them open wider again, the ache in her thighs return.  
&quot;Good girl, Sally. Now your
  hands. You have nothing to hide from the lord. Uncover your breasts. You have
  already tempted me, my sword is hard from seeing your naked body.&quot; He
  waited, staring into her eyes until she relented, her palms slowly lowering
  to her sides, her naked breasts falling free. There were many tiny little puncture
  wounds, little red dots covering her breasts. They would not show long, the
  tacks being very sharp. His hands moved up to her breasts, his palms encircling
  her globes, lifting them up. &quot;Do they hurt Sally?&quot;  
&quot;They sting a little, Father
  John.&quot;  
He began to squeeze them, his
  fingers moving towards her nipples. His cock jumped in his trousers when he
  saw the bright red spot in the center of her right nipple, the pink nipple
  unable to hide it. Two fingers moved towards it, grabbing it and began to pinch,
  watching her face as he continued to apply pressure. &quot;Just like Jesus,
  puncture wounds to show your suffering.&quot; He squeezed tighter, watching
  as she bit down onto her lip as he smashed the punctured nipple with his finger.  
&quot;Please, Father John, it
  hurts.&quot; The pain increased, his fingernail pushing into her nipple, a
  sharp pain igniting it.  
He released it, watching her relief.
  He wet his two fingers, moving them back to her nipple, watching as they became
  even harder, the cool air of the room hitting the wet nipple. &quot;You have
  very sensitive nipples Sally. That will get you into trouble later in life.
  They will make you become sexually aroused. I will have to work on solving
  that problem. I will have to desensitize them.&quot;  
His hands moved down to his trousers,
  pulling the zipper down. He saw her eyes move away, not wanting to see. &quot;Look
  down, Sally. See what you have done to my sword.&quot; He unbuckled the belt
  of his trousers and undid the button, pulling them back to the side, her eyes
  returning to stare at his crotch. His cock was already pushing at his shorts. "Reach
  in my shorts and pull out my sword. See what you have done to it." He waited,
  waited for her soft hands to encircle his cock.  
Sally didn't have a choice. She
  reached over, her hand pushing into the band of his shorts, pulling them down
  as she pushed her hand in. His penis instantly slapped into her hand, her small
  fingers wrapping around it. It immediately began to twitch and jump. She looked
  up, her face turning red, his eyes watching her expression as she began to
  pump her hand up and down his sword like she was taught.  
"You do well, Sally, such nice
  soft hands." He pushed his shorts down his legs, allowing her more room to
  play with his cock. His cock jumped around in her hand, excited at the feel
  of her fingers playing over the head like he had taught her, jumping in anticipation
  of what she would be required to do. But first, a little more humiliation. "Squeeze
  my testicles like I taught you. Feel the seed you placed there."  
Sally was now cupping his heavy
  testicles, feeling the heat, feeling the balls inside. Her other hand was rubbing
  his hard sword, tiny drops of seed leaking from its head, mixing onto her hand.
  It was so big, her hands tiny in comparison.  
He moved back from her, her hands
  slipping from his cock. "Put your legs together."  
She was surprised, he always seemed
  to want her legs open and spread. She did not hesitate, closing her legs. Her
  surprise turned to disappointment and humiliation.  
"Lift your butt off the table,
  I want to slip those lovely little cotton panties off. I don't think you need
  them, do you Sally? Ask me to take off your panties, Sally?"  
She didn't have a choice. Using
  her arms to push her butt up, "please, Father John, take off my panties."  
"Of course, my dear," his hands
  lightly grabbed her panties at the waist and slowly began to lower them, stripping
  her naked. He pulled them over her naked ass cheeks, remembering how lovely
  they were before he had used a ruler on them. He lowered the front, her naked
  bush showing, slowly lower, her pussy lips beginning to be exposed. He looked
  up into her face and smiled, seeing how red faced she had become.  
Last time was bad enough when
  he had fingered her naked sex and butt, but now he was slowly stripping her
  naked. She would be so exposed. He slid them down her thighs, tugging at them
  through her tightly clenched legs until finally letting them drop to the floor.
  She now sat before him, completely naked and vulnerable to him.  
He looked into her eyes. She instantly
  knew, her legs beginning to part open, her eyes beginning to tear. She knew
  that he wanted her spread. Spread wide. She would be obscenely exposed, her
  whole sex naked and exposed.  
"Good girl, Sally, you're learning." He
  stepped between her slowly spreading legs, his hips pushing out on them. "Real
  wide, be a good girl," he encouraged her. He watched her pussy lips begin to
  part, her pink, virgin, inner pussy peaking out. "More, until your thighs ache,
  Sally. Your hands, put your hands back. Stroke me again." Again he felt her
  soft hands rubbing his hard cock, her other hand gently squeezing his balls.  
She looked down, seeing his hands
  moving to her legs, pushing outward on her thighs. The fingers moved up to
  the V in her legs, his fingers lightly tracing across her pubic hair, brushing
  it with his fingertips. She looked and saw how exposed she was. Looking up,
  she noticed that he was staring directly at her sex, almost able to see inside
  her, the wide expanse of her legs leaving her lips spread wide, unable to cover
  her insides.  
"Pay attention, Sally. Keep stroking." He
  grabbed her pussy lips on each side and spread her open even more then she
  was already. "This is what men will sin for Sally. A chance to have sex with
  you. To fill you with their hard sword, to feel your insides clutching at their
  member. They will do almost anything, lie, cheat, steal, commit adultery, anything
  to get between your lovely thighs." He pulled wider, stretching out her lips,
  hearing her moan in pain.  
"MMMM, that hurts, Father John."  
"SSSHH, child, you will have to
  live with the pain. I may have to punish your sex to make sure you understand
  what you can do to men and God." He grabbed her pussy lips between his large
  fingers and squeezed them, twisting the tender, puffy tissue.  
&quot;I want you to rub the head
  of my sword between your lips,&quot; pointing down between her spread legs.
  He watched as her hands gripped his cock behind the head and he moved forward.
  He looked at her face, smiling as he felt the head lightly touch her pink pussy,
  the lips closing around the big head, her body jerking to the touching of her
  most intimate body to his hot, pulsating cock. &quot;Yes, many men will sin
  for this, Sally. Rub it up and down, good girl,&quot; his cock jerking in response,
  the head leaking precum on her virgin pussy.  
She hoped that he would not put
  it inside her, taking her virginity away. She grabbed it tightly when she felt
  his hips move forward, trying to prevent him from doing so. His sword jumped
  in her hand when she gripped it tightly. She felt the head, so hot and rubbery,
  rubbing up and down her slit. She looked down and saw the ropey seed from his
  sword rubbing along her lips. She jumped when it hit her clitoris, a strange
  feeling hitting her.  
&quot;Don't touch it there, Sally!
  I don't want you aroused. Slide it back down,&quot; her small hands gripping
  his cock so tight, moving it up and down her pussy slit. &quot;I want you to
  feel what it would be like to have it inside you. I want you to put the head
  in until it hits your hymen. Don't worry, only God will decide when you are
  to lose your virginity.&quot;  
Sally shuddered when she heard
  that. His sword was so big. Especially the head of it. It wouldn't be able
  to go inside her tiny vagina. &quot;It's too big, Father John, please don't
  make me do it.&quot;  
&quot;I'm not making you do anything,
  Sally. You are doing it to atone for your sins. The evil things your naked
  body does to me. Now please me and the Lord, put the head inside you. Let me
  feel your sinful body.&quot;  
She gripped it tighter, hearing
  Father John moaning, pushing his hips forward as she slowly pushed it down
  until it pushed against her tiny vagina. It's too big, feeling it pushing against
  the tiny opening. Her wide spread legs opened her vagina up, but even that
  did not help. It was just too big not to be painful. She rubbed it around her
  vagina, feeling the head jerking about in. She saw more of his seed leaking
  from the head, it glistening in the bright lights. She was so embarrassed;
  her hand helping him put it inside her, her Priest, naked between her spread
  thighs, his sword slowly opening her up.  
It felt like a hot, steel vise,
  her pussy clenched tight, his hard cock battering at her virgin opening. He
  wished he could just plunge his cock into her and fuck her hard. This was what
  he usually did. Just like the desk he would force them into positions where
  their legs were spread wide and unable to close. He might use the crosses,
  but he also many other ways. He once had a girl straddling a gymnastic vaulting
  bench. Her legs hung over the edges, unable to reach the floor, her legs bowed
  widely over the fat bench. He climbed on the bench in front of her, his skin
  sticking to the leather as he slid towards her. He bent her body back, pinning
  her legs with his, her back having to arch painfully backwards, her hips rising
  up by the terrible stretch he was forcing her into. Her little tits were arched
  up to the ceiling, his mouth biting on her nipples until they stood out over
  an inch, giant bumps on her almost flat chest. He moved his hips forward, one
  hand holding his large cock, placing it tightly against her virginal opening.
  He did not let her get accustom to it, he plunged it into her, jerking her
  forward by her arms onto the hard cock, burying it into her as she screamed
  and bucked in pain. He made her ride his hard cock for over twenty minutes,
  her blood helping to lubricate his rampaging cock. She screamed as she slid
  up and down on the hard cock between her legs, Father John handling her like
  a puppet, pumping her up and down his weapon, her pussy having to take the
  brunt of his big cock.  
&quot;Legs together again Sally,&quot; stepping
  from between her spread legs.  
Sally was puzzled again. Was he
  finished with her? But she complied, anything to not be so intimately open
  to him.  
&quot;Now bring your feet up,&quot; bending
  down and grabbing her behind the knees, lifting her legs up until her feet
  were flat on the desk.  
Sally had to push back as her
  legs were brought up and placed in front of her, her ankles together, her knees
  bent.  
&quot;Good, Sally. Now move your
  feet over,&quot; pushing her right foot to the side, doing the same to her
  left.  
Sally cringed again as she was
  spread open again. She looked down, not only was her sex exposed, her anus
  was also.  
&quot;Your being very good, Sally.
  Now go back to stroking my sword.&quot;  
She reached out and grabbed his
  sword in her hand again, her other hand cupping his testicles. She felt his
  hands on the inside of her thighs, bowing her legs out, her sex rising up higher.
  She saw his eyes, staring intently at her spread sex, his fingers moving closer
  and closer to her sex. But they did not touch her sex. No, they moved farther
  back, fingers on the side of her anus, peeling her butt cheeks back. &quot;NNO,
  pleasse, not in my bottom,&quot; she cried, the humiliation of having her anus
  so exposed, his fingers only inches from her most intimate opening.  
&quot;SSSSHHH, bring my sword
  up between your legs again. Like you did before, but this time I want you to
  rub it over your tiny butt hole. Boys will try to tell you having them put
  their swords up your butt hole is not having sex, but you must resist the temptation.
  I will show you so that they cannot fool you.&quot; He moved his hips forward
  as her hand grabbed his cock tighter again. &quot;Don't worry Sally, I'm just
  going to press it in a little ways. Just so you can feel what it's like.&quot;  
She gripped his sword hard, her
  small hand wrapped tightly around it, just below the head. She let it slide
  up between her lips and over her perineum until it reached her tiny anus. "Please,
  Father John, not there, please." But she continued to push it against her tiny
  anus, knowing that he would not allow any excuses. She would have to perform
  as he instructed.  
 Father John felt her tiny anus begin to stretch, the head
  of his cock slowly spreading her virgin opening wider. He pushed gently with
  his hips, urging more of his cock inside the clenching mouth of her asshole.
  He looked up at her, her knees spread wide, her feet flat on the desk, her
  sex so openly exposed. "Can you feel your flower opening for my sword?"  
 It began to hurt, the hard sword spreading her anus wide,
  forcing it to open, stretching the tiny mouth wider and wider to accommodate
  his sword. "Slower Father, it hurts too much, please," she begged him, tears
  forming in her eyes as the painful insertion continued. She felt his hands
  move under her ass cheeks, pulling her up, controlling her movements. He lifted
  her ass off of the desk, and then began to lower her back down. This time on
  top of his sword.  
 "Yes, my child, take it slow, let your body engulf my sword
  in your backside." His hands were gripping her cheeks, his fingers pushed along
  side of her anus, pulling it apart, allowing his sword to slowly sink in, millimeter
  by painful millimeter.  
"AAAGGG," she gasped in pain as
  her sphincter finally relented, the head of his sword slowly entering her anus,
  stretching and tearing the virgin flesh as the swollen member began to be engulfed
  by her asshole.  
It felt like a crushing vice as
  the head of his cock was squeezed by her sphincter. It clenched and unclenched
  in response to the unnatural invasion of her backside. He looked down, the
  head disappeared in her anus, the tight band of the opening wrapped just below
  the head of his cock, squeezing the blood to the head. "Boys will try to get
  you to let them put their members inside your butt like this. But they will
  want to push it in deeper, bury it deep inside your colon. They want to feel
  you hot, tight body squeezes it until they fill you with their demon seed.
  You must resist this temptation. It is sinful.  
"Oh, yes, Father, I wouldn't let
  them, it hurts too much. Please take it out, please Father John."  
"Of course, my child. But first
  I want you to squeeze it. Press down on it with your inner muscles. Show me
  how tight you can make it."  
She had to get him to take his
  sword out of her backside, it burned, the mouth of her anus stretched painfully
  wide. She gritted her lips together in pain, and willed her sphincter to squeeze
  the huge member stretching her backside. She felt his sword twitch in pleasure.  
"Again, Sally, tighten again." He
  felt her grab his cock. He had to fuck her soon, especially in her tight asshole.
  When the girls he fucked in the pussy would complain about the painful fucking
  of his cock, he would relent. He would allow their pussy to heal. He would
  fuck them in the ass instead. Most never imagined such a thing, laying them
  face down, legs spread, his cock between their cheeks, unaware of what was
  about to transpire. It was only when his cock was fully encased in their hot,
  tight asshole did they finally realize that they only traded one painful fucking
  with another. By that time it was too late, they would have to submit to his
  cock fucking their asshole, savoring the tightness, prolonging his pleasure,
  their pain for as long as he could. "One more time, then I will take it out."  
She clenched on it again, the
  pain increasing as his sword seemed to get bigger each time she squeezed it.
  She had to get him to take it out, it felt so uncomfortable, her anus stretched
  so tightly around his sword. She felt Father John pull his sword out, feeling
  her anus shrink back down. Not quite a small as it was before, it would never
  be the same again.  
Chapter 7-Communion  
 "Over her Sally, it is time you drained the evil seed from
  my sword. Leave all of your clothes off. The sight of you naked body will make
  it easier to empty my sword." Father John pulled off his pants and shorts and
  sat down in the large chair. His hand reached down to his cock, stroking it
  to even greater hardness as he watched her walk over to him, her young breasts
  bouncing as she walked.  
 She moved towards the chair, Father John motioning her
  to kneel at the foot of the chair. She scooted down onto the floor, her small
  hands moving towards his sword, knowing what was required of her. She grabbed
  the big sword, her hand circling the hot, throbbing member in her hand. She
  squeezed it tight and then began to stroke it up and down, stretching the skin
  back and forth, making sure that her fingers stroked over the head every other
  stroke. She let her other hand reach down between his legs, cupping his swollen,
  hot testicles in her palm, hefting them up and down.  
 "Very good, Sally. You are quickly learning how to serve
  the lord. You seem to have found something that you are very good at. I think
  you need more practice though. We are going to have to spend more time improving
  your skills and teaching you new ones and less time on lessons. The lord always
  finds something we are good at and it is my job to help nurture those skills
  in you. Would you like me to teach you more, Sally? I know your mother and
  father would want me to expand your talents. You want me to tell them good
  things about you, don't you Sally? They would be very disappointed if I told
  them you were uncooperative. They would have you stop seeing me. I would have
  to get them to have you little sister come in for some of my special lessons.
  Do you think she would be more cooperative, Sally?"  
 The mere mention of her parents and her little sister was
  enough to get Sally to cooperate with anything Father John said. She knew there
  would be many more times that she would be stripped naked and forced to rub
  his sword until he came all over her. "I want to fulfill my destiny for the
  lord. I will do whatever you want of me. Just do not disappoint my parents.
  And leave my sister out of this." She was afraid if her sister came, Father
  John would start abusing her body like she did to Sally. Her sister was too
  young and naive to understand what was happening. She continued to stroke his
  sword, seeing tiny drops of his seed glistening on the end.  
 Father John moved up in the chair, his legs pressed on
  either side of Sally's body, his cock almost pushed against her naked breasts. "We
  are going to do it differently this time. You want to learn something new,
  don't you Sally?" He gripped his cock with one hand, his other hand he put
  on her head. "Move closer, Sally."  
 She felt the pressure on the back of her head as Father
  John's hand pushed her head towards his sword. She looked in his eyes, only
  seeing lust in them.  
 "I want you to take my sword in your mouth, you sweet little
  mouth. I will teach you what to do with it once it is in there. Wet your lips,
  get them nice and slippery." He watched as her tongue came out and ran all
  over her lips, the saliva glistening in the light. He pushed his hips forward,
  his other hand holding his erect cock out straight. He began to rub it on her
  face.  
 She jerked back when she felt the hot sword on her cheek.
  The thought of taking his sword in her mouth made her gag. It was bad enough
  when she had to use her hand on it, especially when he shot out his demon seed.
  It was so hot, feeling like it was scalding her skin when it landed on her.
  And so thick, it would not even run off, just sitting on her skin. She knew
  she would gag and choke if he shot his demon seed in her mouth. She had to
  find some way to stop it. She felt the hand on her head press harder when she
  flinched away. The hard sword rubbed over her cheeks, his hand pressing her
  face onto it, unable to escape. She could feel a trail of wetness on her face
  as his seed leaked tiny amounts of fluid as it dragged along her soft skin,
  jerking in response to the pleasure provoked. She looked up, his sword almost
  blocking her eyes, rubbing over her nose now. His hand held his sword, making
  sure the end of it rubbed on her face, pressing the end of it against one of
  her nostrils, trying to force it inside her nose.  
 What a wonderful idea. He would have to try it on Sally
  next time. He wanted to shoot his cock off in her nostril, forcing his cum
  inside her nose. His cock was too big to push it in, but if he placed it just
  right, the piss hole pushed inside her nostril, he could shoot his hot cream
  inside. If it had enough force, maybe it would shoot to the back of her nose
  to run down into her throat. Hopefully, that would make her choke.  
 But first, it was time to teach her how to suck his cock.
  Sally was a very talented girl, even if she did not know it. Her hands knew
  how to do just the right things to his cock. She might hate what she was doing,
  but she was doing it well. He hoped that her talents would extend to her mouth.
  This was always the hardest to teach girls, especially reluctant ones. Fucking
  their pussies or assholes was relatively easy. Their natural body reaction
  to a hard cock thrust in a tight hole always made for a good fuck. The mouth
  was different. They would have to put a lot of effort into sucking, licking
  and swallowing a large cock. Most would just be a receptacle for his cock,
  a large oral hole that he could place his cock into and fuck back and forth.
  It would be a special girl that would use her tongue to play over the cock
  inside their mouth or swallow hard as it forced itself down her throat. He
  was hoping that Sally would do that in order not to disappoint her parents
  and to protect her sister. He had high hopes for her oral abilities.  
 She felt the rubbery cock head rubbing from her nose down
  to her lips. She felt it jerk as it touched her moistened lips, moving back
  and forth over her lips, jerking as it felt her hot breath on the sensitive
  head. She accidentally stuck her tongue out in reaction to the cock on her
  lips, touching it. She felt it twitch and a tiny drop of his demon seed settled
  on her tongue. It was hot and salty. Even a single drop bathed her entire mouth
  with the taste, the thick fluid quickly mixing with her saliva to invade her
  taste buds.  
 Yes, it might have been by accident, but it felt so good
  when her tongue touched the head of his cock. "Yes, you have this natural ability
  to serve the Lord, Sally. Do that again, run your tongue over my sword. Bath
  it with your innocent mouth." He held his cock to where her lips were slightly
  parted, the hard rubbery tip jerking from her hot breath bathing it. He waited
  patiently, wanting her to do it willingly. His cock jerked when he saw the
  tip of her tongue move out from between her slightly parted lips. He looked
  into her eyes, seeing them pleading with him not to force her to do this. He
  stared back, his eyes only reflecting his lust to have her mouth service his
  cock until she sucked his semen from his balls.  
 She knew she had no choice. He wanted her mouth and she
  could not stop him from making her do his bidding. She let her tongue slip
  through her lips, startled as she touched the head of his cock again, feeling
  the heat from the hard sword. She could taste the foul tasting fluid again,
  swallowing, hoping not to gag as it permeated her mouth with the thick fluid.
  She let her tongue move back and forth over the head, feeling the tiny slit
  on his sword as it moved back and forth over it. More and more of the demon
  seed leaked out, the sticky fluid stretching out into ropey pieces that clung
  to her lips.  
 It felt so good, none of the other girls had been like
  Sally, so willing, so eager to pleasure him, even though she was doing something
  that was revolting to her. He pushed with his cock forward. "Lick around the
  head of it Sally, I want it glistening with your saliva when you are finished.
  Get it nice and slippery and wet." He pushed her head up, looking into her
  eyes as she let her tongue run all around the head, passing underneath the
  ridge, lathering it with her saliva. He could see her humiliation as she soaked
  his cock, her saliva mixing with his cum to form a salty fluid coating the
  head. "Very good, Sally. You are doing a good job of serving the lord. Worship
  my sword like you would the lord." Her mouth was now in a tiny "O", her tongue
  darting in and out, the rough surface of her tongue running over the smooth
  skin of the head of his cock. It was time for her to take it inside, to take
  it inside her virgin mouth.  
 His hand held her head still, her tongue moving over his
  sword. At least if he shot out his demon seed, she could move her head or at
  worst it would shoot on her face. That would not be as bad as it shooting in
  her mouth. There was so much demon seed when she used her hands, the thick
  fluid covering her hand and fingers with a sticky mess. She did not want that
  in her mouth. She did not want to have to swallow that.  
 "Open your mouth wider, Sally. Make it in a big "O"," watching
  her expression as he said it.  
 "No, please, let me use my tongue on it, like this," her
  tongue licking at the head of his cock, eager to please him, anything being
  better then having it in her mouth. "I can do a good job and empty the demon
  seed from your sword with my tongue," she begged.  
 "Yes, you can do that, but I want your lips wrapped tightly
  around the head of my sword. I want my sword in your sweet mouth, your big
  eyes watching me as I slowly feed it into the hot confines of your mouth. Now
  open wide, Sally, take it in." I pushed with my cock as I saw her lips part,
  the opening getting wider, her lips forming a wide "O', waiting for my sword
  to be engulfed.  
 She did not have to wait long, Father John anxious, pushing
  his sword between her virgin lips, the hot sword slowly running along her tightly
  clenched lips. She could feel the rubbery sword moving inside her mouth, her
  tongue pushed to the side as the big head slowly filled her small mouth. She
  looked up, seeing the big head filling her vision as she felt it pulsating
  in her mouth. Two hands now held her head, one on each side of her head, pressing
  in hard, keeping her head at the right angle, his hips pushing his hard sword
  in and out of her mouth. She could feel the ridge on the head moving back and
  forth over her lips. She started to move her hands up, going to push the sword
  from her mouth.  
 "Leave your hands at your sides!" He ordered her, seeing
  her hands clench, but fall back down again. He jerked her head back onto the
  head of his cock, her lips so tight around the throbbing member. "Now, use
  your tongue again, rub all over the head inside your mouth, make it quiver
  in your mouth."  
 She was so humiliated, being used by Father John, naked,
  her head held tight, her mouth used to masturbate his sword, just like she
  had been forced to do with her hands. Her hands clenched tightly, her fingernails
  digging painfully into her flesh, unable to stop him from using her body. She
  felt her head turned sideways, his sword pushed in again, bulging out her cheeks.  
 "Make your lips tighter on it, Sally. Make it real tight,
  be a good girl." He watched her clench her lips tight on his cock, almost like
  it was her pussy. "Now suck it like a lollypop, run your tongue over it." He
  began to pump it in and out of her mouth, feeling her tongue bathing the cock
  as it passed in and out through her tightly clenched lips. "The Lord was right,
  Sally, you are very good at this. I think we have found your calling, a way
  to serve the Lord." He held her head up, her eyes glistening with tears. "I'm
  going to feed you more of my sword, breath through your nose as it fills your
  mouth."  
 It seem to go on forever, each time more and more of his
  sword entered her mouth. It was then withdrawn, but not before she had to run
  her tongue over the length of it, feeling the large veins running down the
  length, feeling it twitching in her mouth. "AAAGGGHH," finally choking as it
  hit the back of her mouth, trying to force its way down her throat. It pulled
  out, but then thrust back in, each time harder, bouncing against her tonsils,
  forcing gags from her stuffed mouth. Tears fell from her eyes as she choked
  on the hard sword, her hands clenching and unclenching.  
 "Yes, the Lord has made my sword very long. You will have
  to get use to it pushing into the back of your mouth. Breathe through you nose.
  Your choking squeezes my sword each time." He pumped his cock back and forth
  in her mouth, her choking and gagging massaging his cock. He looked at the
  innocent face he held in his powerful hands, his cock splitting her lips apart,
  her tongue still running over his cock as he fucked her face.  
 "AAAGGH, GGGHHHRR," his sword making her gag as it punched
  into her throat. He held her head tightly, blocking her ears the only sound
  she heard was his heavy testicles banging against her chin each time he punched
  his sword deep into her mouth. Her mouth was getting filled with his demon
  seed, the thick salty fluid leaking out from his sword each time her lips drew
  it back in. She could taste it on her tongue as it ran over the head, unable
  to prevent it from leaking, unwilling to swallow the foul tasting fluid.  
 Father John settled back into the chair, pulling Sally
  back, spreading his legs so she was kneeling between them, her mouth still
  full of his hard cock. One more humiliation for her first. He let go of her
  head. "Pump your head up and down on my sword, Sally. Just like my hands was
  making your head do. And the Lord wants you to take it deep, he wants to hear
  you choking on it." He relaxed watching her.  
 She let her head move up and down on his sword, her tongue
  still running over the hard sword as it moved in and out. She held her breath
  as she pushed her head on it deep, feeling it slam against her tonsils. "GGGHHH," choking
  as it pushed into her throat. "GGGGGHH," again, back in, deep into her mouth,
  choking herself on the hot sword filling her mouth.  
 "You are so good at the Lords work, Sally, that I just
  have to tell your mother how pleased I am with your progress. I am going to
  call her now, on the speaker phone, so you will have to be quiet. But I want
  you still moving your head up and down on my sword."  
 Sally shook her head no, her eyes pleading. But she continued
  to pump her mouth up and down on his sword, afraid of displeasing him. Not
  her mother, she would be so humiliated to be taking Father John's sword in
  her mouth while her very own mother was talking to him.  
 "Yes, I need to talk to your mother, let her know of your
  exceptional progress. Continue pleasing me with your skills while we talk.
  I am getting ready to unload my demon seed. This time it will be in the hot
  confines of your mouth. You are so sinful at being so skilled in oral sex,
  you must be punished in the same way. You will take my demon seed in your mouth
  and swallow all of it. I am going to dump it in your mouth while I am talking
  to your mother so you will have to be very quiet and try not to choke on it."  
 Her body shook in humiliation and shame as he dialed her
  number, the ringing coming out the speaker phone.  
 "Hello," came out her mother voice.  
 Sally froze when she heard her mother's voice, as if she
  was caught red-handed with Father John's sword in her mouth.  
Father John reached down, grabbing
  her head on both sides and began to pump her head back and forth on his cock
  again. He released it when he felt her tongue begin again to lap at his cock
  in her mouth, her head moving up and down, her lips tightened on his cock.  
"Hello, Mary, this is Father John.  
 "Is everything with Sally OK Father John," her voice showing
  her concern for her daughter.  
 "She is fine, Mary, she is still here with me now as we
  speak, even though she cannot speak right now." He saw Sally's eyes open wide
  as his cock slipped back onto her tonsils, the huge head gripped tightly by
  her tiny throat. She struggled not to choke, not to give out any noise to her
  mother, as her throat gripped the head of his cock so tight. He fought the
  urge not to cum yet, wanting to do it at an opportune time while speaking with
  Mary.  
 "I worry so much about her. I do so much to protect her
  from the evil of the world. I try to make her safe from the runaway sex of
  the current generation."  
 "Yes, you do so much, Mary, I am sure that Sally appreciates
  all that you do. I just want to tell you how well Sally is doing. I think she
  has found the Lords calling and I hope to instruct her to serve him with her
  exceptional skills. She has such a deep, deep understanding of the Lords work." He
  pulled her head down on his cock, forcing it past her tonsils, into her throat.
  He let her throat muscles massage his cock as it pulsated deep inside her throat.  
 "That's so good to hear, Father John. It is so difficult
  with children nowadays. Making sure they get the right training. I want to
  thank you for doing that, teaching her all the things she needs to learn."  
 "Sally is so good with her hands, able to use her skills
  to bring about a climax to the situation." He grabbed Sally's hands and moved
  them so they gripped his balls, nodding to her to massage them so he could
  unload his demon seed in her mouth.  
 "That's so good, Father John. I noticed the same thing,
  she is good in the kitchen. She will make some man a very lucky husband some
  day. That is why I try to convince her to keep herself a virgin, saving herself
  for her husband. She can learn all about how to please a man when she has a
  husband. It is so important that they remain innocent."  
 "Yes, that is important, but she must also be her own person.
  She can't just swallow anything that someone gives her." He yanked her head
  back down on his cock, burying it back into her throat, seeing her eyes water
  as she fought back the urge to choke and gag on the thick cock expanding in
  her throat. Her eyes pleaded with him to release the cock from her throat,
  but he held her tight, hearing her heavy breathing through her nose.  
 "There are many gullible girls in this world. They will
  believe anything they are told, they will swallow just about any story. It
  is good that she has religion, thanks to you Father John. It will keep her
  morals high following your examples and lead."  
 Father John pumped her head up and down on his cock, her
  lips squeezing it so tight, her hands busily massaging his cum swollen balls.
  He was getting ready to cum. He looked into her eyes.  
She instantly recognized what
  he was trying to tell her. She would have to swallow his demon seed soon. And
  she would have to do it quietly, preventing her mother from hearing it. It
  was so perverted of Father John, forcing her to mouth his sword while talking
  to her mother as if nothing was going on.  
"Sally is very smart, Mary. She
  is more mature then most girls her age. She is very analytical with problem
  solving and excellent at following directions. It is very hard to make her
  choke on big problems." It grabbed her head, burying his cock back in her throat,
  feeling her body jerk in response as it slipped past her tonsils and pushed
  into her throat. His fingers moved down the side of her neck, feeling his cock
  twitching right below the surface.  
"That is so good to hear from
  you Father John. Are you going to continue teaching her?" We have another daughter
  also, maybe after you have finished with Sally you might do the same thing
  to her."  
Sally panicked, shaking her head
  no, not her sister, but she kept her mouth wrapped tightly around Father John's
  sword.  
"I have so much more to teach
  Sally. She needs to have a deeper understanding of the bible." He pulled her
  face down on his cock. Farther down then ever before. Her lips were smashed
  against his naked stomach, his heavy laden balls slapping against her chin.
  His large cock was completely buried in her young mouth and throat. Her eyes
  pleaded with him, as she quietly choked and gagged on his cock, tears running
  down her cheeks. "She can go even deeper, take her religion even deeper." He
  pushed her down on his cock. His cock began to pulsate, shooting his first
  load of cum in her throat.  
Sally struggled as she was choked
  by Father John's sword, her breathing through her nose ragged, tears staining
  her face as her throat quivered on the man flesh clogging it. She felt it expand,
  knowing that he was shooting inside her throat. At least she would not have
  to taste it, shooting directly into her stomach.  
"Thank God," shouted Father John,
  as he pulled his cock from her throat, letting it sit on her tongue. It quivered
  then shot another load of cum, this time bathing her hot mouth with his hot,
  heavy cum.  
Sally froze as her mouth was filled
  with the slimy demon seed. It felt like gallons, her cheeks puffing out as
  they quickly filled up. She swallowed, fighting back the urge to vomit and
  choke as they heavy seed slowly ran down her gullet.  
"Amen, Father John," Mary feeling
  the excitement in his voice. "It is good to hear a man of the cloth with such
  an excitement in his voice. Hopefully you will share it with our daughter."  
"Praise the Lord, I will share
  everything with your daughter. I will allow her to partake of everything I
  have to offer. I ask that she also does the same in return. That she gives
  all that she has to the service of the Lord." He watched her face as she swallowed
  load after load of his cum, her throat bobbing up and down, the heavy semen
  filling her stomach.  
"I will make sure that she does
  Father John. I want her to do everything that you instruct her to do. She does
  have a mind of her own, but she does not know how to obey her elders. We have
  taught her that over the years. If she doesn't please you, you have our permission
  to punish her. We have always believed in punishing children for misbehavior.
  Some nowadays don't believe in spankings and strapping, but we do. It has proven
  very effective when we were raised. A good birch rod or leather strap on the
  behind will make them obey."  
"Why thank you Mary for entrusting
  your care of Sally to me? I agree with punishing children. They need the reminder
  sometimes just to keep them on the straight and narrow path." He looked down
  at Sally, his shrunken cock still in her mouth, hanging inside limply, her
  tongue running over it accidentally as she tried to get rid of the terrible
  taste of his demon seed. "I am sure that somewhere along the way, I will have
  to punish her. I have many ways to make sure that she remembers to honor her
  elders to do to what they say." He saw the fear in her eyes as he talked about
  punishing her.  
Yes, a good pussy whipping always
  settled them down. He had many girls that refused his advances. Once stripped
  naked, their legs spread, he would force them to raise their sex up to greet
  the strap as it smashed into their spread sex. Each time they would be forced
  back up again, their sex split open by the leather strap, smashing painfully
  against their once pink inner lips. Even the difficult ones would respond.
  He found that a large dildo pressed against their tiny asshole would keep their
  sex up and open. The only alternative would be to allow the dildo to sink painfully
  up their asshole, an option they hated even worse.  
"Will Sally be home soon, Father
  John?"  
"She is just getting ready to
  leave. She just swallowed a very difficult problem and has done a remarkable
  job at reaching a climax to it. She really has a taste for it now. I will be
  glad to see her back tomorrow, eager to use her exceptional skills. I have
  some new exciting things to show her tomorrow. It was nice talking to you,
  and I will keep you informed of Sally's progress. Goodbye now."  
"Good bye Father John, and thank
  you again."  
The line went dead, the room silent
  again. He looked down at Sally, her lips shiny with his cum still holding his
  shrunken cock inside her mouth, afraid of displeasing him, not sure what she
  was suppose to do. He pulled his cock from her mouth, ropey cum pulling from
  her lips as he did. "Very good, Sally. You are a very exceptional girl with
  exceptional talents that the Lord has asked me to help you realize. I hope
  you liked the taste of my demon seed, because you still tempt my sword each
  time and you are going to have to swallow it often."  
"Now get dressed Sally, don't
  lie around her like a whore. Don't forget, you are in the Lords house, respect
  it!" He pulled up his pants, leaving Sally slumped on the floor, naked.  
To be Continued  
Author: Powerone  
Title: The Priest Teaches His Flock  
Part: Ch 8 The Celebration Of The Candles  
Summary: Father John is transferred to his third parish.
  Each time he was caught molesting his parishioners. In this chapter, Sally
  is used in the Celebration of the Candles.  
Keywords: M/F, reluc, nc, anal, oral, humil  
Copyright 2004 by Powerone. Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com  
Chapter 8-The Celebration of the Candles  
 Father John waited for Sally, his cock already hard at
  the thought of her tight body. It would soon be time to fuck her. He planned
  on taking her virginity today, not with his cock but a large dildo. It would
  be God's will that she relinquish her virginity.  
 Sally dreaded going to see Father John again today, but
  there was no way she could get out of it. Her parents thought Father John was
  God, or at least Jesus, if not the next best thing for her. It was getting
  more difficult talking them out of bringing her sister Becky along for "lessons." Becky
  even bugged her to come along, unsuspecting of what she would be forced to
  endure. She was younger and more impressionable and would surely do anything
  Father John ordered her, thinking that she was fulfilling her destiny to God.
  Sally suspected that God did not have much to do with it, it was all Father
  John's desires, but her parents were too insistent that she submit.  
 Sally wore a pair of jeans and a wool button down shirt.
  Winter was almost here and it was beginning to get cold. She entered the church,
  going to the rectory in the back. Father John was waiting, sitting at his desk,
  just as she knew he would be.  
 "Good afternoon Sally. Are you ready to do the Lord's will?"  
 "Afternoon, Father John. Yes, I'm here to do whatever is
  required of me. My parents are most insistent that I obey you and do the Lord's
  work."  
 "Good girl, let's go into the other room. We are going
  to do something very special today."  
 "The other room?" She was frightened by the ominous sound
  of his voice. It was bad enough in his office with his desk.  
 Father John moved next to her, putting his arm around her
  waist, "yes down here, Sally." They moved down the hall to the last door and
  Father John opened it. There was a long staircase down to the basement.  
 "That's the basement Father!"  
 "Sssshhh, little girl. The Lord works in many places. This
  will be much quieter and we will not be disturbed." He urged her down the stairs,
  Sally hesitating. The door closed behind them, only the light at the foot of
  the stairs flickering. It looked like candle light.  
 "I'm scared." Sally trembled. They would be in the basement;
  even screams would not be heard.  
 "Nothing to be scared of Sally. We are down here to celebrate
  the Lord today."  
 "Celebrate?"  
 "Yes, today is the Celebration of the Candles. A very special
  day usually reserved only for the priests and nuns. We celebrate the important
  part that candles play in the religious ceremonies. You are lucky to be able
  to participate in the service. The Bishop has granted you special permission
  because of your active religious training and your outstanding progress."  
 "The Bishop knows what we do?"  
 "I have told the Bishop how well you are responding to
  the intense religious training. In fact, you are invited to a weekend retreat
  with the Bishop and me."  
 "A weekend? No, I don't want to go," she protested, not
  wanting to spend a whole weekend with him, even if they Bishop would also be
  there.  
 "Nonsense Sally. I have already talked to your mother and
  she has given her permission. She thinks it is an honor that the Bishop invited
  you and that he will be present. I could have your sister Becky instead, would
  you rather I do that? She is younger than you, isn't she? I imagine that she
  would be easier to train in my ways, don't you think? I'll train her like I
  am training you, to serve the Lord and me as the vessel of the Lord." He stopped
  on the stairs; his hand reaching up to her breast, lightly caressing the young
  flesh. "Though she is not as mature as you are," making his point by gently
  squeezing. "Should I invite Becky instead?" His hand continued to rub her breast,
  making no excuse for the fondling of her flesh.  
 Sally stood there as Father John continued to rub her breasts.
  He was getting bolder each day she came, no longer making any pretense for
  molesting her body. She could imagine him doing this to Becky, rubbing her
  tiny mounds. "No! I'll go, just leave Becky alone."  
 He moved close, whispering to her, "you are making my sword
  hard again, Sally," moving her hand down to the front of his trousers, making
  her small hand grab his hard cock. "You are going to have to take it in your
  mouth again today. You'd like that, wouldn't you? Serving the Lord with your
  mouth. You are very good at it. You have found your calling in life, a way
  to serve the Lord." Taunting her, forcing her to move her hand up and down
  on his cock, making it jerk beneath his trousers.  
 She regretted that she had done such a good job before,
  her mouth used as a receptacle for his sword, his demon seed spilled into her
  stomach. "I will serve you, Father John, in whatever way you want," resigned
  to her place in life, hoping to protect her little sister by giving into his
  twisted desires.  
 He stopped fondling her breast and put his hand back on
  her waist directing her down the steps.  
 Sally was pushed into a large room. In the center stood
  a large altar, a gleaming white wooden structure over six feet long and about
  three feet wide. She cringed when she saw the crosses, one in each corner,
  pushed into a hole in the altar, securing it tightly. It was just like the
  desk. It was covered with a black velvet cloth, golden crosses sewn into the
  edges that hung down the front. The altar was not as tall as the one in the
  church; this one stood about three feet high. She cringed at the thought of
  being spread open on it, but she knew that was Father John's intention. She
  began to dread the Ceremony of the Candles. She saw a table behind the altar,
  a large selection of candles and candlestick holders on it. There must be over
  one hundred of all sizes and shapes. Some were already flickering; hot wax
  slowly sliding down the side of the candles.  
 "Please, not on there," Sally whimpered.  
 "We must get you prepared first, Sally." He grabbed her
  hand again and pressed it against his trousers. "Rub my sword, Sally, while
  I prepare you for the ceremony." He moaned softly as her yielding hand grabbed
  his cock through his pants, encircling it, moving up and down the hard flesh. "Very
  good, Sally."  
 "Prepared?"  
 His hands moved up to her wool shirt, fingers traveling
  over her breasts again. "You must wear the ceremonial robe." Father John pointed
  to a white robe on a hanger. It was a simple garment, the zipper running from
  neck to bottom the only closure on it; it looked like it would hang just about
  to her knees. He reached for the first button of her shirt, his fat fingers
  too anxious, fumbling with it. "But you must shed your worldly possessions
  first."  
 "You mean my clothes? You're going to strip me naked?"  
 "Yes, Sally. The Lord wants you like you came into the
  world, naked and without sin." His fingers continued to unbutton her shirt,
  feeling her tremble as he slowly stripped her. He pulled the shirt from her
  jeans, opened to expose the basic white bra encompassing her breasts. He reached
  down to her wrists, unbuttoning the buttons. He lowered the garment from her
  shoulders, letting it slide backwards and down her arms. She stopped stroking
  his cock as he shed the garment from her body.  
 Her hands hung uselessly by her side, her shirt lying on
  the chair next to her. She felt his hands on her wrists again, pressing her
  palms against his sword.  
 "Rub it, don't stop unless I tell you to! Use both hands."  
 She stroked his sword again, feeling it jerk in his trousers
  as his hands moved up her naked flesh. She felt horribly violated as he took
  liberties with her young body. She suffered his large, clammy hands as they
  slid up and grasped her youthful breasts in his palms, encircling the bra-encased
  flesh, squeezing.  
 He let his fingers run over her naked flesh, the upper
  breasts that peeked out the top of her bra, running along her cleavage, feeling
  the goose bumps appear as he molested her. "Turn around." His hands at her
  waist, turning her back to him. She knew it was so he could strip her bra off,
  but at least she was spared from touching his hard sword. She felt his hands
  on her back, rubbing up and down her naked flesh.  
 He fumbled with the bra catch, eventually unsnapping it,
  seeing the strain in the strap release. Her hands moved up, keeping the bra
  cups covering her breasts, her palms pressing it tightly against her naked
  flesh. He moved closer to her, his crotch demanding against her ass, his cock
  jerking in pleasure. He rubbed himself on her covered ass, hands on her naked
  waist, holding her in place as he masturbated his cock on her. He let his hands
  run up and down her arms until he came to her shoulders, pushing the bra straps
  down her arms until her clutching of her breasts stopped the movement. "Let
  your hands down, reach behind you and grab my sword again. Your round buttocks
  are making it so hard."  
 Sally moved her hands back, feeling her bra slip to the
  floor, her naked breasts free of confinement. She placed her hands between
  her butt and his crotch, again finding his hard sword, both hands rubbing it.  
 His hands ran up her arms again, then slowly moving in
  front, feeling her naked breast flesh.  
 "No" she begged, feeling his callused hands reaching for
  her naked flesh, unable to stop him from having his way with her body. She
  shuddered as his fingers ran over her nipples, teasing the rubbery tips into
  hardness, embarrassingly unable to control her own body.  
 Father John hefted her globes, his palms gently lifting
  the flesh, his fingertips running back and forth over her nipples, strumming
  them into hardness. He smiled at her disloyal body, her chest heaving as he
  manipulated her young tit flesh. He pushed his cock more firmly into her hands,
  feeling the pleasure her fingers gave as she stroked him. "Your body is betraying
  you, Sally. God can feel your lust. He can feel your nipples harden in pleasure.
  I'm going to have to punish your breasts. Drive the evil from them."  
 "It's you doing it Father. I can't help it!"  
 "Nonsense, child. I'm a man of the cloth. I am only bringing
  out what is already in your body." He pinched her nipples between his fingertips,
  pulling up her breasts, feeling her body stretch up, rising onto her toes.  
 "That hurts Father! You're hurting my nipples, please&hellip;!" She
  arched up higher onto her toes as his fingers, tightening on the sensitive
  flesh, stretching her breasts unnaturally.  
 Releasing her abruptly, he swung her around by the hips
  until she was facing him. Her hands were again at her side, so he grabbed her
  wrists and brought them back to his trousers, her fingers grabbing his cock
  once more. He swung his open hand and slapped her right breast, his fingertip
  hitting the flesh under her nipple, making it bounce on her chest.  
 "Don't slap them, please," she begged as his hand slapped
  her other breast, both of them turning pink. She felt them bounce up and down,
  humiliated as he played with them like they were toys. She cried out when his
  finger snapped her hard nipples, the pain shooting through her.  
 He appreciated the sight of her breasts, a slight pink
  from the slaps, her nipples poking out, swollen from his fingertips. Her nipples
  pointed, begging to be abused. He slid his hand down, sensing her pull in her
  tight stomach as he moved to the snap on her jeans.  
 She felt his hands on her jeans, looked down, his hands
  unsnapping them, one hand slowly lowering the zipper. It sounded so loud as
  it moved downward, her white cotton panties beginning to show.  
 Father John slid his hand into her jeans, running over
  her panty-covered abdomen, feeling her body tense up again as he pushed his
  hand deeper into her jeans until he could feel her bush. "The boys would love
  to slip their hands in your pants like I'm doing. I'm going to have to masturbate
  you and make you have an orgasm. Show you what happens when you let boys play
  with your untrained body." He let his finger trace her pussy lips, pushing
  her simple panties aside, letting his fingers saw up and down her slit. "Such
  nice puffy lips, Sally."  
 "No! Don't do this to me!" she cried out, feeling a stirring
  between her legs as his fingers continued to masturbate her pussy. She had
  never had an orgasm before; her parents taught her that masturbation was the
  devil's toy.  
 He pulled his hand out of her jeans, and pulled them over
  her ass.  
 Sally felt so embarrassed. Father John was pulling down
  her pants and she was standing here, breasts naked, and letting him. Why did
  he keep doing this to her? She knew that she must let him; her mother gave
  him permission to punish her if she disobeyed. She felt him kneel on the floor,
  his hands sliding the jeans down her legs past her knees before he stopped,
  leaving them to bind her legs together. She looked down to see Father John
  stare up at her before his gaze moved to her sex.  
 Father John moved his hands to the waist of her cotton
  panties and let them slowly slide down the back until they were below her hillocks,
  her buttocks now naked. He grabbed the taut flesh in his palms, one cheek in
  each hand and squeezed tightly. "You have such a lovely bottom for such a young
  girl, Sally. You are lucky the Lord gave you such a nice body. You must show
  your gratitude to your Lord by sharing it with your Priest."  
 "Yes, Father John, my body is yours." Sally resigned herself
  to the fact that he was going to have his way with her and there was nothing
  she could do about it.  
 "Pull your panties down in the front for me Sally. Show
  me your sex. Pull them all the way down to your jeans," he ordered her, watching
  her blush as her hands moved down and slid the white panties down over her
  abdomen until her bush began to show. "More Sally, show me more," his whispered
  order humiliating her even more as he watched her slowly strip naked for him.  
 He was making her take off her own clothes, degrading her,
  uncovering her own sex, his eyes only inches from her naked flesh. His arms
  still wrapped around her hips, hands clenching and unclenching her firm ass
  cheeks, making her gasp each time. He pulled out on her cheeks as he squeezed
  them, feeling her buttocks part, knowing her tiny anus was exposed. Soon he
  would have her bound face down on the table. Soon he would be teasing her tiny
  anus. His cock jerked in anticipation.  
 She was almost naked now, her jeans and panties hanging
  uselessly below her knees, the rest of her body bare.  
 "Over here," he pushed her toward the altar, watching as
  she took tiny steps, her jeans and panties binding her legs together. It made
  her shake her ass so sensuously.  
 She felt the edge of the altar hit her stomach, Father
  John's hand on her back forcing her bent over face down on the table. "Please," she
  begged, again.  
 Father John knelt behind her, rubbing his hands up and
  down her legs and over her ass, feeling the silky smooth skin. He moved his
  hands down to her jeans and began to pull them off. "Lift up one leg," her
  right leg off the ground, Father John pulled on the jeans. "Now the other," stripping
  the garment from her body, the panties torn off at the same time. He now had
  her naked. "Such lovely skin, Sally," he rubbed all over her body, his calloused
  hands harshly chafing her girlish flesh.  
 "Put on the robe while I go prepare." He pushed her over
  to the white robe and slowly began to strip off his own clothes. He savored
  her terrified look as he lowered his shorts, his large cock, already swollen
  and hard, protruded out. "God wants me the same way Sally, naked." He picked
  up a black robe and pulled it on, the zipper rising up noisily.  
 Sally looked the other way, but not before she saw his
  organ tenting out the front of the robe. She quickly slipped into the white
  robe, pulling up the zipper; at least she would temporarily be covered, though
  she did not expect it to last long. Not when his sword was so swollen. No,
  she would have to service his sword again with her mouth. She would be forced
  to swallow his terrible-tasting demon seed. She cringed as she felt his hands
  on her waist, sliding up her back, his hard cock pressing against her almost
  naked bottom.  
 "It is time to begin the ceremony, Sally. Get up on the
  altar. You must be ready to celebrate with the Lord." She scooted up on the
  edge the altar, her feet dangling over the edge. He picked up her feet and
  used them to pivot Sally around on her ass, turning her the other way, then
  placing her feet on the altar. He pushed on her side, "lie on your stomach,
  Sally, and stretch out. Hands over your head, put them near the crosses."  
 She felt him prepare her body, spreading her out on the
  altar. As her arms moved to the crosses, she glanced up to see how close they
  were. She felt his hands on her back, down over her shapely buttocks and over
  the back of her legs until he touched naked flesh below her knees.  
 "Such a good girl." He moved to her head, seized one arm,
  grabbed a fur-lined leather belt and wrapped it around her wrist, tightening
  it until he could place the pin into the hole on the buckle.  
 "Don't tie me up!" she screamed. He had never done this
  to her before, and she more than feared what he would do once he had her bound,
  unable to defend herself. Before she could protest further, he moved quickly
  and secured her other wrist. He clipped both to the crosses in each corner,
  tightly securing her to them. She tugged on them, the crosses banging noisily
  but not budging.  
 Father John observed the frightened look in her eyes as
  she realized how vulnerable she was now. He moved down towards her feet, his
  hand running over her, unable to miss the chance to fondle her tight ass. He
  ran his hand down one leg, pulling it out to the side as he slid lower and
  lower, spreading it out toward the cross in the corner.  
 She felt his hand running over her naked legs, pushing
  on her tender inner thighs, spreading her open. She knew he would use leather
  straps on her legs, stretching her into a wide "X", bound and defenseless.
  She feared what he planned to do to her. She knew it must be worse then what
  he had already done otherwise he would not need the tight bondage.  
 Father John wasted little time securing her legs in the
  spread eagle position, eager to begin the ritual. He stared at Sally from his
  position at the foot of the altar between her spread legs. He could almost
  see underneath her robe, into her darkened sex. "Are your ready to worship
  the Lord, Sally?" He moved over to the candles, watching as Sally's eyes followed
  him, the scared look on her face.  
 "Dominito, Astoloso, Benito, " Father John began to chant
  in Latin, a slim candle over 12 inches high in his hand, the flame burning
  brightly, the wax slowly running down the edges of the candle stick. Father
  John chanted in Latin for over five minutes, picking up new candles as the
  others would start to burn down. By time he finished, he had over ten candles
  burning on the table beside Sally.  
 "Time for you to join in, Sally," his hand reached for
  the bottom of the robe, sliding it slowly up, baring her naked body.  
 Sally craned her neck to look at Father John. "What are
  you doing?" She panicked as he slowly pulled the robe up over her waist and
  out from underneath her, moving higher and higher until it was tucked neatly
  under her neck, her body naked from her shoulders to her toes.  
 Father John ran his hands down her back, his palms clutching
  her naked ass cheeks, pulling them apart, watching as her tiny anus was exposed.
  He let his fingers slide along her pussy lips from behind, hearing her protest
  as she was crudely fondled.  
 Sally could only catch a fleeting glimpse of him out of
  the corner of her eye. He moved back into her view, standing next to her head,
  gazing down at her innocent face plead with him. Her eyes almost popped out
  of her head when she saw the candle in his hand, the yellow flame dancing in
  the slight breeze in the room, the wax slowly dripping down the side of the
  candle.  
 She still did not suspect, her mind not capable of believing
  that anyone would purposely let hot wax fall on sensitive flesh. Her beseeching
  eyes turned to panic when he moved the candle over her back and began to tip
  it, the hot flame burning and melting the wax on the side. "No! No!" she screamed
  as she watched the wax slowly flow down the edge, knowing that in a few seconds
  it would spill off and land on her skin. "Please, Father! Don't!"  
"Now, now child, you must suffer
  for the Lord. The pain will purge the evil from your body." He let his other
  hand stroke her ass, feeling her tighten her cheeks as he fondled them. "Relax," his
  eyes following the slowly dripping candle wax. He was using a bee's wax candle
  for the less intimate portions of her body, the wax extremely hot. His cock
  jerked beneath the robe as the wax fell from the candle and dropped on her
  naked back, a large red blob of hot candle wax falling on her pink flesh.  
 Sally screamed, her voice ringing off the solid walls,
  no one able to hear her cries of pain except for Father John. The wax burned
  her skin before finally cooling, the lingering pain of the freshly burned flesh
  shooting up to her brain. She felt Father John brush the dried wax from her
  back, his other hand still holding the candle, this time moving it lower so
  that it was over the hillock of her buttocks. "No more Father, please, I'll
  take your sword in my mouth and drink your seed, just don't burn me anymore." Tears
  flowed from her eyes and ran down her cheeks.  
 She looked so beautiful, stretched out naked on the table,
  her innocent face etched in the pain he inflicted on her. His cock rubbed on
  the silky robe he wore, jerking up and down at the lovely sight before him. "More
  Sally, you must celebrate with the Lord." He bent the candle, this time the
  wax fell on her naked ass cheek. He saw her body react, her ass cheek clench
  and unclench at the terrible pain of the hot wax, almost a delightful spasm.  
 She screamed again, this time not so loud, the pain just
  as intense but her body not as surprised. She jerked against the straps holding
  her spread on the table, the leather digging into her flesh, but unyielding.
  Father John became more insistent with the candle, not giving her a chance
  to recover from the previous dripping before landing more hot wax on her flesh.
  He moved the candle up and down her ass cheeks, her muscles rippling in response
  to the pain.  
 Father John loved the way her body reacted. Her ass moved
  up and down in pain, like it was fucking something underneath her, her tight
  ass muscles contracting each time a drop of hot wax hit the flesh, then relaxing
  before the next drop would hit. He heard her sobbing, her screams now muted,
  her throat hoarse. Yet he had just begun. He brushed the wax from her ass,
  the red wax falling to the floor.  
 When the hot wax stopped falling on her tender skin, Sally
  looked over to see Father John put the candle down on the table. Relieved that
  it was over, her back and ass still in pain from the lingering burns, she murmured, "Thank
  you Father," hoping that he would let her off the altar now.  
 Instead, Father John picked up a black candle, one that
  would not burn as hotly as the other. He saw the look on her face as she realized
  that he had only just begun. "Yes, Sally, we aren't finished yet, so much more
  flesh to cover. The Lord needs to hear your cries of pain to cleanse your soul
  of the evil."  
 "Not there," she cried out, clenching tightly as his hand
  pulled apart her ass cheeks. He slapped her ass hard, the stinging inflaming
  the burns he had already inflicted on her body.  
 "Relax your ass cheeks Sally or I will stick the candle
  up your bottom and let it burn down until it goes out. Would you like me to
  do that?" He felt her cheeks relax, resigned to the knowledge of where the
  wax would fall next, yet shuddering as she braced for the inevitable pain.  
 She flushed when his hand spread apart her ass cheeks,
  his fingers now only inches from her anus, the tiny pink hole so completely
  defenseless. The pain was even worse than she expected, the hot wax hit directly
  on her anus, black covering the tiny hole. She screamed, a gut wrenching scream.
  It felt like her anus was torn from her body, the pain shooting deep inside
  her.  
 Father John quickly brushed the wax from her anus, wanting
  to see the reaction of her tiny hole. He was not disappointed. The tiny opening
  pulsed in and out from the terrible pain, the pink hole now turning an angry
  red. "You should see how your hole opens and closes, Sally," her moan of shame
  and pain electrifying. "Again," turning the candle downward once more, the
  hot wax dripping off the candle again landing on her pulsating anus. It caught
  it just right, small amounts of wax entering her rectum, the burning pain now
  drawn into her body. He had to fight to keep her cheeks apart, her powerful
  ass cheeks trying to clench closed from the pain.  
 She felt Father John's finger playing over her pain-racked
  anus, wiping the wax from her, but the fingertip became more insistent, slowly
  pushing into the pursed hole. She cried out as she was speared by his finger,
  the tip driving into her rectum, her sphincter clamping down, pressing, trying
  to expel it from her body.  
 "The Lord gave you a hot, tight bottom Sally. Soon you
  will have to share it with him, allowing his servant inside it," he taunted
  her. He pulled his finger from her asshole, seeing the dark red hole slowly
  close as his finger left. His hands moved to her ankles, removing the leather
  straps from them, watching as her legs closed when she felt the release. He
  went to her wrists, doing the same, seeing the relief on her face as she believed
  he let her loose.  
She reached back, pulling the
  robe down over her naked body, turning over as she did. Her relief turned to
  anguish as she felt Father John grab her wrist again, bringing it up high to
  the cross and securing it. "What are you doing now?"  
"We're not finished yet, Sally," pulling
  her other wrist to the other side, her upper body again spread wide. "We must
  now work on the front side, Sally, you have so many places that the wax is
  going to visit." He smiled, his cock hard as steel as he imagined the hot wax
  dropping between her spread pussy lips and on her exposed clit.  
"Haven't you punished me enough?" she
  cried out.  
"The Lord wants you to suffer
  a little more, Sally. Then he will give you pleasure. Pleasure that you have
  never felt before. He wants me to masturbate you until you have a climax. The
  Lord wants you to realize the things that your body is capable of."  
"No, not that, please no, don't
  do that to me." She could not bear the humiliation. "I have never even done
  that before. Please! Not in front of you!"  
He moved down to her legs, but
  not before pulling the zipper down her robe, letting the garment fall to the
  side. "The Lord will enjoy seeing your face as you climax for the first time.
  He has given me the honor of doing it. Now let's open you up for the candle,
  Sally." He grabbed one of her ankles and attached it to the cross. "Spread
  your legs for me," pulling her leg over to the other side, looking up between
  her legs, sneaking a look at her eyes as he watched her pussy lips slowly spread
  open. He attached her other leg, her teenage body again spread eagle, her sex
  fully exposed to his eyes. He ran his large hand up her leg, moving up her
  inside thigh, gripping the tender flesh, rubbing up and down; enjoying her
  attempts to close her legs and the leather straps digging into her flesh.  
Sally watched as he picked up
  a long white taper, the tip of it glowing hotly. He stood by her head, his
  fingers moving towards her mouth.  
"Open your mouth and stick out
  your tongue," his fingers already spreading apart her lips, looking for her
  tongue.  
"MMMGG," she cried out as his
  fingers grabbed her tongue, pulling it out of her mouth.  
"Keep it there or I will have
  to take a whip to you to teach you to obey," watching as her tongue hesitantly
  pushed out farther. He moved the candle over her face, turning it sideways
  so the flame burned the wax on the edge.  
Her eyes stared at the drip of
  wax that slowly rolled down the side of the taper in slow motion, waiting for
  the inevitable pain that would follow. She could not believe that he would
  drip hot wax on her tongue and now feared where else he would do it, her sex
  spread open and vulnerable. The pain shot into her the second the wax hit it.
  Even the wetness of her tongue did nothing to dull it.  
"Very good, Sally, now let's move
  on down to your breasts." He cupped one of her breasts in his hand, pushing,
  forcing the blood to her nipple. "The nipple is so very sensitive. The wax
  on it will make you suffer."  
All Sally could do was wait and
  shudder in fear as he prepared her breast for the hot wax, his fingers making
  sure her nipple was a hard and easy target. She did not have to wait long,
  the hot wax burning her nipple and dark areola as she let out a piercing scream.
  The pain was incredible, Sally sobbed and sobbed. She barely had time to recover
  before he moved over to the other breast&mdash;but not before he left a trail
  of hot wax and pain on her chest. She screamed again as her other nipple was
  roasted from the wax, her chest heaving up and down, her breasts bouncing.  
Father John loved her reactions
  as she jerked around on the altar and he continued to run the hot wax all over
  her flesh. After her breasts grew accustomed to the hot wax, he slowly moved
  down her stomach toward the V of body. He took pleasure in her desperate attempt
  to close her legs, wrenching on the leather straps, as the candle moved closer
  and closer to her naked sex. "Yes, Sally, it will be there soon. You will feel
  the fire of God touching your sex. It will teach you a good lesson."  
She squirmed as he teased her,
  the painful, hot wax running up and down her sensitive inner thighs, always
  close to her sex, but never touching it&mdash;yet. She moaned and jerked about,
  the pain overcoming her senses, Father John not even giving her a chance to
  catch a breath before another blob of hot wax would hit a new, tender spot.
  He brushed the dried wax from her body each time, preparing her for more. Then
  she saw the look in his eyes and knew the time had come. He was readying her,
  spreading her sex open to spill the hot wax into the most intimate part of
  her body. It was bad enough when he burned her anus, the tiny hole still burning.
  She pleaded with him to no avail.  
His fingers gently pried her pussy
  lips apart, the pink flesh of her inner lips slightly wet. He felt her tremble,
  knowing the pain she had felt before would be nothing like what she would feel
  now. He moved the candle over her split pussy, turning it sideways, his eyes
  wide with excitement as the first drop of wax slowly slid down the long candle.
  It seemed to hang for seconds before it fell, four sets of eyes on it as it
  landed with a thud directly between her lips with a splat on her inner flesh.
  Her hips shot up in pain, her legs pulling on the leather straps, her fists
  clenched as the pain shot to her brain.  
A long, agonizing cry tore through
  the room as the hot wax burned her sex. It felt like a red-hot poker pushed
  between her legs, unable to brush the wax aside, her body's only alternative
  to wait for it to cool by itself. She looked in his eyes for any kind of sympathy
  seeing only a smirk on his face as he turned the candle again, but not before
  moving his fingers down her sex, her vagina now spread open, waiting for the
  next burning pain.  
Father John turned the candle
  more, wanting it to fall faster, his cock needing relief soon. He saw the drop
  fall, a huge glob of molten wax that covered almost all of her small vagina,
  the opening clenching tight as the flesh reacted to the painful burning. She
  screamed louder, her body bouncing up and down. He immediately let another
  drop fall, hitting just to the right of the first, her screams almost constant
  now. He did not think she could take much more; the pain would certainly overcome
  her. But he had one more place. One more place that he wanted the hot wax to
  visit.  
His fingers pulled back the hood
  and Sally felt the cool air of the cellar on her exposed clit. She knew how
  sensitive it was, knew the pain would be excruciating, hoped she would pass
  into unconsciousness. She watched in pure fear as the drop of wax fell in slow
  motion. The wax hit her bud, pressure building as it molded over her clit.
  And then the pain came. The terrible, piercing pain that shot from her clit,
  up her spine into her brain. She screamed like she had never screamed before.
  It felt like he ripped her clit off with a pair of pliers. She bucked like
  a horse, her arms almost yanked from the sockets as she fought to escape the
  cruel pain. But she was secured, held tightly and spread, her body vulnerable
  to all the evil that Father John could do to her in the name of the Lord.  
Father John left her sobbing,
  her body jerking in pain, while he went to retrieve the tool that would take
  her virginity. He would not let her see it yet, wanting to get her body into
  position first. Her legs were limp when he took the leather straps off of them.
  Her eyes looked at him as he heaped a new obscenity on her, pulling her leg
  up to her bound wrist, a new leather strap binding it over her head. He pulled
  her other leg up to the other wrist, bending her body in half, her legs now
  spread obscenely wide. Her pussy and anus now open, you could almost see inside
  her she was so spread. She did not even protest this new indignity, failing
  to realize the full gravity of the situation.  
"God has determined that you are
  to lose your virginity today, Sally." He waited for her reaction, which did
  not take long.  
"No, you can't do that! I'm a
  good girl, I'm saving myself for my husband!" she cried out, her body still
  in pain.  
"It is the Lord's will that this
  be done. He has asked me to perform it."  
"Perform it? What are you going
  to do?" She was afraid; she could imagine what he would do to satisfy his lust.
  Would he put his sword inside her?  
He brought out the instrument. "This
  is God's tool," showing her the shiny cross. It was about fifteen inches long
  and the second crosspiece was about six inches wide. It looked like a normal
  cross except for the bottom half. It was thicker then the rest and more rounded.
  The bottom two inches was larger, like the head of a cock. It had to be an
  inch and a half wide, much bigger then Sally's tiny vagina. "It will be used
  to tear your hymen, giving your greatest gift to the Lord." It was about six
  inches long. He opened a jar of Vaseline, her eyes watching as he lubricated
  the cross.  
"No, don't!" she cried. She'd
  not imagined this! He moved between her spread legs, pulling her pussy lips
  apart again, wiping the dried wax from her vagina.  
He pushed the bulbous head of
  the cross against her vagina and pushed, seeing her tiny hole begin to open
  to allow entry to the hard, unyielding cross. She groaned in pain as her pussy
  was forced open by the cross, her pussy slowly expanding open to grab onto
  the bulbous head at the end. Father John pushed harder, she bucked as the thick,
  hard, unyielding metal continued its push inside her. He felt it bump against
  the tiny layer of skin, her maidenhood.  
"Don't do this to me," she begged,
  feeling her vagina stretched wider than it had ever been. Except for Father
  John, no one had ever touched inside her, not even herself.  
"It will be over soon, my child," Father
  John calmly told her as he readied the cross. "Your sacrifice to the Lord." He
  pushed, ripping her hymen in one shove, the cross sinking into her no longer
  unused pussy at least four inches before he stopped. He didn't want to fuck
  her, only take her virginity. He had plans for that later, when he would take
  her with his own cock.  
It was worse than the wax, her
  hymen tearing, the hard cross slowly sliding into her virgin pussy. She cried
  at the loss of her virginity, Father John would no longer have an excuse to
  keep from spilling his demon seed by sticking his sword in her vagina.  
Father John pulled the bloodied
  cross from her pussy. He washed her sex with a warm cloth, wiping the wax and
  blood from between her legs, then released her. Sally turned over onto her
  side, weeping from the degradation that she had suffered today. "Not yet, Sally,
  you still have to cum for the Lord." He pulled her up to stand next to the
  chair he now sat down in. "Spread your legs for me, Sally," he ordered her.  
Sally stood there, naked, her
  legs again spread for him. She felt his hands move to her sex, one hand pulling
  her lip back, the other hand beginning to slide up and down her slit, his thick
  fingers running over her vagina, all the way back to her anus, then back up
  before rubbing over her hard, still burning clit. Her hips began to gently
  rock, hoping that he would not notice the pleasure that began to radiate from
  his masturbating fingers.  
He moved a callused finger up
  to her vagina, letting it slowly enter her unused pussy, feeling how hot and
  tight she was, her pussy walls clamping on the finger as he began to slide
  in on the cr&egrave;me he was forcing her to produce. "Such a hot, tight vagina,
  Sally. The Lord has given you so many treasures." He began to finger fuck her
  pussy, his other hand rubbing back and forth over her clit. "Yes, I can feel
  your juices beginning to flow, Sally. Let yourself go, climax for your Lord," he
  ordered her as he continued the forced masturbation of teenage body.  
Her feet were barely able to hold
  her up, his coarse fingers inside her keeping her raised up as he continued
  to fondle her open sex. She couldn't help herself, it was the first time she
  had ever felt anything like this. And it felt good, even if it was Father John
  that was doing it, even through the hot remnants of the burn. Her hips moved
  back and forth, no longer trying to hide the pleasure, just wanting the feeling
  to continue. "Mmmm," she moaned, hoping that he did not hear her.  
He pushed two fingers inside her,
  her body rising up on her toes as her pussy clenched on the twin digits inside
  her. He kept up the masturbation of her clit, the tip of his finger rubbing
  back and forth over it, feeling it swell up to over twice its size. He would
  love to finger her tight asshole, but he did not want to lose the command he
  had over her body, wanting to see her humiliation as she was forced to cum
  on his fingers.  
Sally could not believe the feelings
  that Father John was drawing from her body. One minute he was burning her sex
  with hot wax, the next drawing her virgin climax. She was so confused, her
  hips moving back and forth, her pussy clamping on the fat fingers inside her.
  How could he provide both pain and pleasure to her body? This feeling ran from
  her sex, sending a shudder through her and a quick release of wetness between
  her legs. She gripped the fingers inside her, tightening on them, almost stopping
  them from moving in and out. She felt his other fingers squeeze her clit tightly,
  another shudder running through her body. Something was happening! She could
  not believe the pleasure that ran through her body, from the top of her head
  to the tip of her toes. His fingers continued to masturbate her, she didn't
  care any longer, he continually wrenched more shudders from her body. His fingers
  sliding easier now, her vagina soaked, some of it running down the inside of
  her thigh.  
Father John held her tightly,
  his fingers still pushed inside her but not moving as she finally finished
  climaxing. He pulled his fingers out, her juices glistening on them. He put
  them in his mouth, tasting the fragrant juices of Sally, her orgasm leaving
  her pussy wet. "Did you enjoy yourself, Sally?"  
Sally closed her eyes and put
  her head down, not wanting to see Father John's reaction, nor to allow him
  to see hers. "Don't make me do that again," she lied.  
Father John stood up, his hands
  on Sally's shoulders and began to apply pressure on them. "On your knees, Sally.
  It is time to drain the demon seed from my sword. In your mouth," he ordered
  her.  
She did not have time to react,
  falling heavily to her knees, his sword only inches from her face. She wet
  her lips as his hands drew her head closer to his hard sword.  
"Open wide Sally. It is now time
  to serve your Lord," pushing his hard cock between her lips, feeling the wet
  lips running over the head as it slid inside her mouth, feeling her hot breath
  on the bulbous head. "Yes, that is good, Sally. Now use your tongue, get it
  wet."  
Sally sucked on his sword like
  he had taught her, hoping to get it over with quickly. He would dump his seed
  in her mouth and she would be forced to swallow it again. She felt his hands
  on her head, gripping tightly, bobbing it back and forth on his sword. She
  put her hands on his legs, hoping to stop him from pushing too far in her mouth,
  but his hands slapped hers away. She gagged as the thick head hit the back
  of her mouth, trying to gain entrance to her throat. She licked all along his
  sword, feeling the veins running up the length of it, knowing that soon they
  would carry his filthy, demon seed out of his sword to fill her mouth. He pushed
  in hard, her lips pressed against his stomach, the hard sword deep in her throat,
  the spasm of her muscles massaging his flesh.  
"Yes, Sally, so good. Now receive
  my demon seed, suck it from my loins and swallow it!" He pumped his cock into
  her mouth, looking into her innocent eyes as her lips wrapped tightly around
  him, her tongue moving all over as he shot inside her hot mouth.  
Sally strangled on his hot, salty
  seed. It was so thick, filling and running down the corner of her mouth. She
  swallowed hard, almost choking on his sword as it pushed in deeper, a second
  load of seed filling her mouth. The taste lingered on her tongue as he shot
  a final load into her mouth, gagging again, forced to swallow his seed, her
  stomach filled.  
 Father John let his limp cock sit in her mouth, feeling
  her tongue move around it. Her eyes pleaded for him to take it out, but he
  loved the sight of her with her lips wrapped around it, even if it was now
  soft. He stroked her face, "such a nice mouth you have, Sally. Tomorrow I have
  something new for you. I think you'll like it. You are very good at serving
  your Lord with the lovely body he has given you. As the Lord's vessel, I will
  help you learn to serve him. Now lick off the demon seed from my sword and
  then you may leave. Tomorrow at the same time." He felt her tongue run all
  over his cock, the flesh already beginning to harden again. "Yes, you are good."  
To Be Continued  
Author: Powerone  
Title: The Priest Teaches His Flock  
Chapter 9 Sally's Sister Meets the Bishop and Chapter 10 Sally Rides the
  Cross  
Summary: Father John is transferred to his third parish. Each time he was
  caught molesting his parishioners. Sally's sister, Charlotte is masturbated
  by the Bishop and Father John strips Sally and makes her ride the cross while
  he takes her from behind.  
Keywords: M/F, reluc, nc, anal, oral, humil  
Copyright 2004 by Powerone. Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com  
Chapter 9-Sally's Sister Meets The Bishop  
 Sally's younger sister, Charlotte sat at the desk while the Bishop stood
  over her. Charlotte had always been a bit of a rebel, which was why she was
  in the Bishop's office now. Sally was the one who got the attention; Sally
  was so good. Sally was even taking lessons from Father John. Charlotte couldn't
  have private lessons like Sally, because she wasn't old enough, yet. "Why can't
  you be like Sally?" they always asked. Well, she had fixed them. She'd snuck
  out of the house the last two days to see the Bishop, to ask him to teach her
  like Father John was teaching Sally. It was curious; he had smiled at her and
  agreed as long as she'd promised to keep their sessions private. Charlotte
  immediately agreed, swearing "under God" that she would not reveal anything
  that happened during the classes. He also decided to call her by her middle
  name, Charlotte, not Becky her first name, telling her it was a more grown
  up name, grown up like she was.  
 The classes had started normal enough, the Bishop very attentive to Charlotte,
  though he seemed to touch her more than usual. Whenever she came into the room
  or left, his hand would touch or lightly slap her butt. Lately it seemed to
  rest on her bottom longer and longer, Charlotte's moving away the only reason
  he stopped. But Charlotte didn't think that it was a bad thing, liking the
  attention, attention that Sally was not getting. And, he was always complimenting
  her.  
 "Such a pretty girl you are, Charlotte, so mature for your age," his hand
  lingering on her upraised butt as she got ready to leave for the day. "Tomorrow
  I will teach you some very special things," he teased, his hand still smoothing
  over her skirt, patting her gently, "so pretty."  
 She'd snuck out of the house the next day as well, the Bishop eagerly awaiting
  his young student. She sat in the chair, reading from the Bible while the Bishop
  hovered over her, looking down at the pretty girl, her breasts pushing out
  against her blouse, her skirt slipping down over her knees hiding the lovely
  pair of legs from his eyes.  
 The Bishop reached down, "You are such a pretty girl, Charlotte, and so
  good, always obeying," he whispered as his hand slid up and down her naked
  arm, accidentally brushing against her breast, her big eyes looking up at him,
  looking to see if it was an accident or intentional. "So pretty," smiling as
  his hand returned to her arm, feeling her naked flesh tremble beneath his large
  hand. His hand touched her breast again, this time Charlotte didn't even look
  up, becoming bolder now. "Such a good girl," brushing lightly over the tips
  of her breasts, seeing her hands clench on the table, letting him have his
  way with her.  
 The Bishop was becoming bolder. The first time, she thought it was an accident,
  his hand brushing against her breast. But it returned, this time tapping at
  the tips, her body quivering in excitement as she felt the feel of unfamiliar
  hands on her intimate flesh. Her nipples seem to explode, pushing painfully
  out on her white cotton bra. She felt so naughty, letting the Bishop touch
  her. Charlotte had been masturbating for a number of years, enjoying the touch
  of her fingers. She often fantasized of being spanked, her bottom naked, over
  the lap of an older man while he slapped her naked ass cheeks. Or of being
  stripped naked in front of others while they watched her humiliation. These
  fantasies always gave her intense orgasms. She thought it would be dirty, but
  this was the Bishop, not some boy trying to feel her up in the movies. It made
  her excited that the Bishop would be interested in her body. It made her feel
  so much older and mature, like Sally.  
 The Bishop leaned over Charlotte, whispering into her ear, his hand moving
  to her knee, resting on it. "You're much prettier than your sister," Charlotte
  looking down as his hand began to caress her leg, like it was happening to
  someone else, not her. "You don't mind me touching your leg, do you, Charlotte?
  You're such a good girl. You want to be like Sally, don't you?"  
 She squirmed in the chair, the Bishop's hand slowly moving in circles, each
  time going higher, his fingers slowly dragging up her skirt as they moved,
  her knee now naked to his touch, a fact that his hand soon recognized, moving
  down to touch the naked flesh. She jumped when he touched her, almost as if
  she was being touched by electricity, the feel so unfamiliar.  
 "Move your chair back, Charlotte," the Bishop's voice commanding, Charlotte
  not even hesitating before she slid it back, farther away from the desk. She
  knew that she was giving him easier access to her legs, but he was  the
  Bishop. He knew what was best for her. Her mother had told her that she should
  always trust the priests. It should go doubly for the Bishop, she thought.
  And he thought she was so pretty, not like the others that always complimented
  pretty Sally, ignoring Charlotte. "Does Father John do this to Sally?"  
 "Father John has taught Sally how to obey and to serve the Lord. There are
  many ways to serve the Lord and pleasing your priest or bishop is very important.
  Are you mature enough to celebrate before God?" The Bishop looked at her sweet
  lips, the big blue eyes, the perky tits pushing out her blouse and those lovely
  legs and considered the hidden treasures beneath her skirt.  
 She looked up at the Bishop, her eyes staring into his. "Yes, I want to
  serve the Lord. Like my sister does," she stated. "Momma says I must obey Father
  John and I guess she means you also. I will do whatever you want," resigning
  her fate to the man that stood over her, secure in the knowledge that he knew
  best for her.  
 "That's a good girl," his hands reaching down to her legs again, touching
  her naked knees, returning to caress her naked flesh. He moved higher up her
  legs, her skirt creeping up, his powerful hands squeezing her teenage flesh
  as she sat in the chair her hands still clutched tightly. "Open your legs," the
  sound of that command sending shivers through her body.  
 She felt a little embarrassed, humiliated and at the same time naughty and
  very excited, letting him do these dirty things to her body. She willingly
  complied, her legs relaxing, her destiny literally in his hands.  
 "You're such a good girl, Charlotte," his hands now able to slip between
  her knees, rubbing her thighs, feeling the satiny flesh. His hand under her
  skirt was making it move up higher and higher, his eyes gazing at her lovely
  legs as the naked flesh was slowly revealed to him. He loved the feel of her
  young skin, rubbing up and down her thighs, each time moving higher, his large
  hand forcing her legs wider.  
 "Let me touch you higher, Charlotte," his voice soft and soothing as he
  felt her thighs begin to clench tighter the closer he moved to the vee between
  her legs. "You're such a pretty girl, such lovely thighs. I need to see your
  lovely legs," his hands pulling her skirt out of the way, his fingers searching
  between her thighs.  
 She sat there, letting him lift her skirt, her hands at her side, not willing
  to interfere with a Bishop. Especially one that liked her so much. One that
  thought she was pretty, prettier than her sister. No, she would let him do
  what Father John does to Sally. Not sure what that was, but eager to please.  
 "Stand up," he ordered her, pulling on her arm before she even had a chance
  to react. "Yes, that's good," his hands moving to the bottom of her skirt and
  slowly pulling it up, watching as her legs began to be exposed. He raised her
  skirt higher, "look in the mirror Charlotte," pointing to the full-length mirror
  on the wall to the side.  
 Charlotte looked at her reflection, her pussy instantly getting wet at the
  sight. The Bishop was raising her skirt, her naked legs clearly visible, her
  white panties now coming into view, his eyes watching as she was being denuded
  for him.  
 "Turn sideways, see how pretty you are. The Lord gave you a beautiful body
  and you must share it with your Bishop," his hands on her hips, turning her
  so she profiled in the mirror, his hands now under her skirt on her panties. "Grab
  your skirt and pull it above your waist for me, Charlotte. Show the Lord your
  body," he encouraged her.  
 Charlotte couldn't believe she was doing it, but she was, raising her skirt
  high above her waist and holding it there, seeing her reflection in the mirror,
  her long legs now seeming even longer, her simple white panties the only garment
  hiding her sex from the Bishop. And she was not even sure how long he would
  allow them to stay on, his hands moving up and down her hips. She watched as
  one of the Bishop's hands moved to her butt, his large hand able to encircle
  the tiny cheek, feeling him grip her tightly.  
 "You're being such a grown up girl, Charlotte," his hands enjoying the touch
  of her teenage flesh. Her ass was so resilient and firm, his hand able to grab
  her entire cheek in his palm, feeling his fingertips slip between her crack,
  his cock jerking in his pants at the thought of her tiny little anus nestled
  tight between her cheeks. "Face the mirror now, Charlotte," turning her so
  the front of her body was reflected in the mirror, eager for his hands play
  over her pussy. "Spread your legs open for the Lord, Charlotte," his hands
  on her hips, rubbing up and down the shapely hips, feeling her lower body begin
  to move back and forth. "Obey the Lord," he ordered her, her legs parting only
  slightly, wanting more.  
 Still not understanding why, she obeyed; her legs moving outward, the Bishop
  behind her, whispering in her ear. She spread her legs outward, the Bishop
  continuing to demand, forcing her to obey solely by the tone of his voice,
  seeing her panties stretch across her abdomen as the spread of her legs became
  more severe. His hands were becoming more familiar on her body, urging her
  hips to move back and forth, watching her own reflection in the mirror, her
  sex thrusting in a mock sex act. When pulled back, she could feel a hard object
  against her cheeks, knowing that she was having a sexual effect on the Bishop,
  his hard penis rubbing against her, not knowing whether she should be ashamed
  of herself for doing such a sinful thing or proud that her body could do this
  to a powerful man like the Bishop.  
 The Bishop fanned his fingers over her abdomen, watching her face in the
  mirror, seeing her submission to him. He moved lower, letting his fingernail
  trace up and down her pussy slit, sliding her white panties into the groove,
  already feeling the moisture from her body soak the material.  
 This was much more intense than when she rubbed her own pussy with her fingers.
  His hands were so much more demanding of her body, forcing responses from it
  that she hadn't known she'd had. She let her legs bow out a bit, wanting to
  give his finger complete access to her pussy, wanting to feel his fingernail
  push harder between her lips.  
 "I like that, Charlotte," complimenting her when she bowed her legs out, "you
  like this, don't you? Does it feel good?"  
 Charlotte felt so naughty, watching her own reflection in the mirror, seeing
  his finger highlighting her pussy slit in her panties the same time she felt
  the fingernail dragging her panties along her inner pussy. She knew that she
  was getting wetter but she no longer cared. She pushed backward, feeling the
  Bishop's hard penis touch her ass, letting her hips rock side to side, sliding
  over the throbbing flesh behind her. It was naughty to do such a thing to a
  priest, never mind that he was a Bishop, but his fingers were drawing such
  sexual lust to the surface of her body, she was unable to control her own emotions.  
 The Bishop was enjoying the way Charlotte's body responded to his masturbating
  finger. He pushed in deeper, feeling her lips close around him, sawing up and
  down her slit as she rocked back and forth. He wanted more. He wanted to feel
  her naked pussy, to let his fingers slide along her moist passage. "Move over
  to the desk," pushing her over until her legs touched the edge. "Down, bend
  over the desk for me, Charlotte," she submissively complied with his request,
  her ass pushing up against his hard cock as she did. "You look so pretty that
  way, Charlotte," his hand running over her ass as she put her head down on
  the desk.  
 She jumped at his touch. One minute she was bent over the desk, her skirt
  pushed high above her waist, her panty-covered butt arched upward, the next
  she felt the rush of the cool air on her naked cheeks. In a quick flash the
  Bishop had pulled her panties down to her knees, leaving her bent over the
  desk, her naked ass pushed out. It was so exciting, half naked, the Bishop
  behind her, but at the same time it was so embarrassing. This was the first
  time any male had ever seen her naked. Her panties hanging at her knees made
  it so much more humiliating.  
 "You look so pretty like this, Charlotte. Such a good girl you are, obeying
  me. Do you want me to touch you again?" The Bishop whispered in her ear, but
  his hand was already rubbing over her naked cheeks, enjoying her naked flesh,
  feeling her tremble from his touch.  
 "Oh God!" she blurted out, the Bishop's hand moving between her legs and
  touching her naked pussy for the first time. It was an electric touch, a strange
  hand touching her naked pussy. She thought she would cum; it was so intense.  
 "Yes, God would want you to celebrate before Him, Charlotte. Can you do
  that, can you cum for God?" His fingers moved up and down her slit, her juices
  instantly soaking them. Her body responded to his fingering, two fingers now
  pushing up and down her slit, inspecting as he did, feeling the hot silky flesh
  of her inner pussy lips, her juices allowing his fingers to glide effortlessly.  
 He forced her legs open. Well, more like prompting as she willingly parted
  them, giving him complete access to her sex. It felt strange when his fingers
  began to inspect her pussy lips, touching every single spot of the most intimate
  part of her body, as if he owned it. She continued to feel embarrassed, his
  hands and fingers taking such liberties with her body. Is this what Sally did?
  Does Sally have to strip for Father John as the Bishop was making her do?  
 "I enjoy touching you, Charlotte. Your pussy is so beautiful, the way it
  is displayed as you are bent over the desk. You are so wet, Charlotte. Are
  you going to celebrate before God, Charlotte?" The Bishop touched her clit,
  her ass arching up high as soon as his fingertip made contact with the sensitive
  bud. It felt like he had electrocuted her pussy with his touch, her ass shoved
  outward, trying to escape his touch. "So soft," he murmured into her ear, "such
  a nice, soft pussy."  
 She felt his other hand stroke her cheeks, pushing her ass back down, his
  finger again returning to her clit. "Mmmm," she moaned as his calloused finger
  rubbed over the tender button. She felt so open, her ass naked and arched up
  as his hands continued to play with her body. She did not think she could last
  much longer, her arousal at a fever pitch, her hips moving back and forth on
  his gentle masturbating fingers.  
 "Let yourself go, Charlotte. Surrender and celebrate before God," the Bishop's
  fingers moving faster up and down her slit, his other fingers grabbing her
  clit tightly, rubbing it.  
 Charlotte let go, the orgasm so powerful, her body shuddering and trembling,
  her juices soaking his hand, embarrassed that he was seeing her cum. She began
  to cry, sobbing as she came, humiliated that her body had betrayed her.  
 The Bishop continued to stroke her, holding her, whispering in her ear, "you
  are so good, Charlotte," his fingers rubbing her pussy lightly, feeling her
  body shaking, Charlotte still crying. "You are such a grown up girl, just like
  your sister, Sally." He held her until she stopped crying, his hand continuing
  to run over her body.  
 "Get dressed, Charlotte," helping to pull her panties up, catching one last
  glimpse of her pussy as she moved her legs together. He watched her smooth
  her skirt down, kissing her on the cheek, "go home now, Charlotte," watching
  as she left the room.  
Chapter 10 Sally Rides the Cross  
 Father John hadn't even said hello to Sally. Pulling her along the corridor
  again, Sally knowing that they were going back into the basement again. She
  shuddered when she saw the cross. It was huge, standing over eight feet high,
  four feet wide, made out of heavy wood. It was a little strange for a cross,
  it looked like it was upside down, the cross piece lower down the upright,
  not near the top like a normal cross. At least the altar was gone, but she
  feared the cross, not sure what it would be used for, but scared that her body
  would somehow be secured to it. Father John seemed to enjoy that, stripping
  her and tying her up, leaving her body open to whatever he desired to do to
  her.  
 "You look very lovely, Sally. Are you going to be a good girl today?" He
  moved towards her, grabbing one of her hands and moving it to his crotch. "See,
  you have already made my sword hard. Rub it for the Lord." He enjoyed the feel
  of her tiny hand, not even able to fully grasp his cock, her hand moving up
  and down his shaft as he stared into her eyes, seeing her humiliation, seeing
  her submit to him. It felt good, her hand rubbing up and down his cock. She
  was learning quickly to please him. Today she would learn much more, today
  she would learn to please his cock with her pussy. While she was technically
  not a virgin any longer, the cross having taken her hymen, she still had not
  felt a cock inside her snug pussy.  
 She rubbed his sword, cringing when his hands moved towards her chest, bracing
  herself for the inevitable fondling. She felt his hands encircle her globes
  and squeeze hard, not stopping until he heard her moan in pain as her breasts
  were tightly trapped in his powerful grip. His fingers moved to her blouse,
  slowly opening the buttons, his eyes staring into hers as he gradually stripped
  her naked again, unable to stop him from having his way with her. His hands
  pulling her blouse to the side, her plain white bra now exposed, her hand still
  rubbing his sword up and down, feeling it jump in his pants.  
 Father John let his hands roam over her bra, feeling the resilient flesh
  beneath his fingers, molding her breast meat as she continued the slow, sensuous
  massaging of his eager cock. He longed to sheath it inside her tight pussy
  for the first time and feel her squeeze until he filled her with the Lord's
  seed. "Slip your blouse off for me, Sally," his hands running over the top
  of her breasts, delighting in the feel of her naked flesh. She slipped it off
  her shoulders and arms, placing it on the floor. "Back to my sword, Sally,
  but don't let my seed spill yet or you will be punished," slowly rubbing his
  cock again. Moving closer to her, his hands slipping behind her back, his mouth
  next to her ear as he unhooked her bra, his hands rubbing over her back, letting
  her feel how naked she will be in a minute. "I just love your breasts, Sally.
  They were meant to be shared with the Lord," moving away, pulling the bra straps
  off her shoulders and letting them slide down her arms. "Let it fall to the
  floor," he ordered her.  
 Sally let her bra fall, not even attempting to hide her naked breasts, knowing
  that Father John would simply force her to expose them. She moved back down
  to his sword, rubbing it back and forth, hoping to get it over soon. She felt
  his fingertips move to her nipples, feeling them instantly harden, his fingernails
  rubbing over the swelling tips, stimulating them to hard little points.  
 Father John was pleased with the way her tits looked, the youthful globes
  with no sag, her nipples almost pointed, the dark areolas encircling the pink
  nipples, almost like a target. A target that his fingers found instantly, pinching
  the flesh between his powerful fingers, watching her face grimace in pain as
  he had his way with her flesh. "The Lord has given you a beautiful pair of
  breasts, Sally, and such wonderful nipples, so hard and pointed," twisting
  them as he talked to her. He enjoyed the sight of her half-naked body, his
  hands boldly running over her breasts while she stood before him, her hands
  slowly masturbating his hard cock. "God has given you so many talents, Sally.
  Your hands do such a wonderful job on my sword. Now, move over to the cross,
  Sally. I have such a treat for you today," pushing her until she was facing
  the cross.  
 Feeling Father John behind her, his hands on her naked waist, his penis
  thrust up against her. She cringed when she heard his voice and saw what he
  had in his hands.  
 "Put your wrists together, Sally. The Lord wants you bound to his cross,
  just as Jesus was. He wants you to give your body to him as an offering." Father
  John began wrapping the leather strips around Sally's wrists as she held them
  together for him. He tightened them, seeing the black leather digging into
  her white skin. He took her bound hands and attached them to the rope hanging
  from the pulley at the top of the cross. He began to raise her arms, the rope
  slowly pulling her wrists higher and higher until they were well above her
  head.  
 Her naked breasts straining upwards as Father John continued to stretch
  her arms above her head, almost fully extended before he stopped. His hands
  returned to her body again, rubbing up her naked sides, Sally fidgeting, his
  fingers tickling her as they moved towards her breasts, again. His hands molding
  her breasts, hot hands hefting them up, fingers playing with her nipples until
  they became hard again, pinching and pulling them up higher, stretching them
  from her body.  
 Father John's hands molding her hips before reaching back and unhooking
  her skirt, the zipper sliding effortlessly down, his hands letting the material
  fall. He admired her ass cheeks, the white panties molding them tightly. His
  hands running over the taut flesh, feeling her clench as he did. "The Lord
  loves your body, Sally. He has given you so much to offer Him." His hands grabbing
  the panties at the top and slowly peeling them down over her flaring hips,
  down her legs. "Step out of them, Sally," he watched as she moved one foot
  up at a time, pushing the panties to the side. Naked, her arms bound high over
  her head, so vulnerable and that is how he liked her, naked and open.  
 Sally pulled on her wrists, Father John pushing his penis against her naked
  butt, his hard sword rubbing up and down her cheeks. "No, not any higher," she
  cried out, stretching out on her toes as Father John pulled her wrists up further,
  Sally's lithe body yanked firm, her toes already aching from balancing on them.  
 "I like your body, Sally, so taut and ready, your muscles tightened. We
  must prepare you to receive the Lord's offerings." Father John moved to the
  side of Sally, admiring the silhouette of her naked body, her nipples still
  hard and pointed, her legs stretched tightly. He had another leather strip
  in his hand, bending down to grab her left ankle, wrapping the leather strip
  tightly around it, one end left trailing on the ground.  
 Sally felt her foot pulled from the ground, Father John's hand encircling
  her bound ankle and moving it up towards the cross. She now understood his
  plan for her. He wanted her legs bound to the crosspiece, his hands moving
  her leg higher and higher, her crotch opening up as she precariously balanced
  on one leg. She knew once she was bound, she would be spread wide open, her
  sex completely exposed. She knew that is what he wanted. "Mmmmm," she moaned
  in pain as her leg was bent, lifting it high over the cross piece before letting
  it fall again, this time the wooden cross keeping it from returning to the
  ground. Father John made quick work of securing her ankle to the wooden cross,
  but not before pulling her leg outward to the farthest reach, pulled wide,
  her crotch already splitting. She felt the rough wood on her tender skin, small
  slivers of wood jabbing into her flesh reminding her of how she was bound.  
 Father John let his hand rub along her open thigh, enjoying his handiwork,
  her leg spread wide, her sex splitting open for him. Rubbing his hand up and
  down her thigh, moving to her sex, touching it for the first time, today. He
  felt her shiver as he did. "So open, Sally. So open for the Lord."  
 He moved to the other side, quickly securing her other ankle with another
  leather strip, pulling her ankle up, seeing her other leg open wider, her crotch
  now split wide. "Hold tight, Sally," feeling her body tense as he pulled up,
  her entire weight now supported by her wrists. "Once I have you secured, the
  pressure will be off your hands."  
 Sally thought she was being split up the middle, her sex stretched unbelievably
  open as Father John pulled her other leg up and out, moving it wide to the
  far reaches of the crosspiece before securing it tightly. Her butt slumping
  down; gravity doing its job. She could feel how open she was, embarrassed at
  how she must look, feeling Father John standing behind her, staring at her
  open sex. Her pussy lips pulled apart widely, her butt crack stretched open
  wide. Even when she tightened her cheeks it did little to protect her tiny
  anus from his gaze. She felt his hands on her hips, his fingers digging into
  her flesh, moving up behind her, feeling that she was at the perfect height
  for his sword. That is what she feared. While not technically a virgin, she
  still had not had a penis inside her vagina, a fact she was now sure that Father
  John was going to rectify, his cock adequately aroused by Sally's hand.  
 Father John slipped his fingers between her spread pussy lips and began
  to slide up and down her slit, feeling the moisture begin to form. "Be a good
  girl, Sally and get wet for the Lord." One finger pressing a pussy lip to the
  side, the other finger running up and down the inner silky flesh, touching
  every spot on her lips, forcing the juices to flow. Now the other lip, pulled
  outward, fingers rubbing the wetness up and down, lubricating her for when
  his cock would thrust inside her. Father John pulled both pussy lips apart,
  her tiny vagina nestled tightly inside, the elastic opening so small. He moved
  his fingers up higher, seeking out and finding her clit, not surprised to find
  it already erect. While she might verbally protest his rude fondling of her
  body, she could not stop her body from hotly responding to the bondage and
  forced masturbation.  
 Her thighs aching, the spread of her legs pulling her muscles tight. She
  had never felt so humiliated; spread open and bound naked, Father John behind
  her, his fingers taking too many liberties with her body. She jumped, startled
  when she felt a hot, rubbery piece of flesh pushed up against her pussy, knowing
  that Father John had taken his penis out and was rubbing it up and down her
  slit. The giant head pushed aside her lips, sliding effortlessly up and down
  her damp slit, so embarrassed, certain that Father John believed that she was
  willingly participating in her own debasement. She felt his hand guiding it,
  moving it around her vagina, the flesh huge. It would never fit!  
 "Yes, it is big," Father John feeling her reluctance as he pressed his cock
  against her tiny pussy. "But you can take it, Sally, take it for the Lord.
  It will hurt for a while, but a little pain for the Lord is not much to ask
  for." He let his hips slide forward, feeling her vaginal opening slowly spread
  wider to accept the huge intrusion, his hands holding her hips tightly, unable
  to contain his enthusiasm, eager to feel her silky insides massage his hot
  cock. Such wonderful girls the Church brought him, such sacrifices the girls
  gave to the Church, their nubile bodies at his disposal to do with as he pleased.
  He could not wait any longer, shoving hard with his hips, her pussy forced
  to spread wide and accept the red, bulbous head of his cock, tightly gripping
  beneath the head, trapping it, causing her pain, her scream making it so much
  more pleasurable. He enjoyed it when the girls screamed for the first time
  as they were entered, a scream that could not be duplicated; the girls always
  would remember how Father John's cock felt for their first time, something
  their boyfriends or husbands would never know.  
 "Ahh!" Sally screamed, her pussy feeling like it was tearing, the tight
  bondage leaving no room for escape, forced to accept the big, hard piece of
  flesh inside her. She could not control her muscles, her pussy clamping tightly
  onto his penis in response to the pain, prompting even more pain as she clenched
  tight, the flesh pulsating inside her as it enjoyed her tightness.  
 Father John thought that Sally was going to squeeze the head of his cock
  off, her body clamped tight on the head, squeezing the blood from it. He made
  it jerk, feeling her body respond by clenching and unclenching, delighting
  in the way he could force her body to respond to his cock. "Such a smooth silky
  pussy you have, Sally. The Lord gave you such a lovely passage to share with
  His servants. Can you feel my sword inside you, delighting in the way you are
  responding? Your parents would be so proud of you as you serve the Lord." He
  pushed harder, feeling his cock slide further inside her, her wetness aiding
  its entry, feeling her pussy walls clenching tightly on his big cock, stretching
  open to receive his instrument of lust.  
 "Oh, it's too big!" Sally cried as she tried to push away from the hard
  cock entering her, Father John easily following her movements, Sally unable
  to escape the inevitable. "God, it hurts," she sobbed, feeling the ridge running
  over the head, his cock slowly pushing inside her, the large vein running up
  the length of it pulsating with his blood, throbbing against her virgin walls.  
 "Yes, Sally, God loves the feel of your body, take some more of my sword
  inside you," pulling his cock until only the head was grasped by her pussy
  then pushing in again, this time harder and deeper, his cock plowing her virgin
  flesh aside, Father John grunting from the exertion of having to force such
  a large instrument into such a small hole. Luckily, she was getting wet as
  his cock began to push in and out, each time touching virgin territory, each
  time awakening new desires in her body as she finally felt the feel of living,
  pulsating cock meat inside her.  
 "Ugh," she grunted in pain, taking his forceful fucks inside her, the cross
  keeping her bound and spread for his taking. Her pussy clenched tightly on
  the hard sword as he pulled it out almost as if she didn't want it to leave,
  trying to relax her muscles as it slid back in again, each time his thrusts
  getting harder and deeper. She thought it was going to come out her mouth each
  time he plunged in, expecting him to hit bottom, surprised when the next thrust
  when even deeper. "Isn't it all the way in?" she cried out, hoping that she
  had taken it all.  
 "It's only half in, Sally, you have so much more to go," pushing with his
  cock hard, burying three quarters of his cock in one painful stroke that knocked
  the air from her lungs.  
 The sudden thrust plowing aside all the resistance her pussy could muster,
  his hard, unrelenting cock penetrating deeper. How could a piece of flesh be
  so hard? It felt like an iron bar shoving into her vagina, unyielding as it
  forced her passage to painfully accept its power. In and out, it continued
  to penetrate, his cock feeling as if it was endless. "Please, no more," her
  pussy now a maze of conflicting emotions. His cock painfully tore in and out,
  but her vagina was gripping the cock as it plunged back in, the tight band
  rubbing up and down the hard meat, massaging it. It felt strange, almost good.
  She kept trying to think of the pleasure, wanting her pussy to continue getting
  wet, his cock sliding easier on the slick walls. When she tensed up, her pussy
  would painfully clamp on the cock inside her, Father John painfully dragging
  it out.  
 "Yes!" Father John sang out as he finally bottomed out into the depths of
  her pussy, his cock head banging hard into her cervix. It felt like a giant
  glove wrapped around his cock, fingers playing lightly over it as it plunged
  back and forth, her pussy beginning to spasm from the hard cock. He tried to
  concentrate on something else, not wanting to cum yet, wanting her to get sexually
  aroused from his fucking, wanting to make her cum first.  
 His stomach slapped nosily into her ass as she was fully impaled on his
  sword, his hands moving her hips in a circular motion, forcing her pussy to
  thoroughly massage his cock. "I'm so full," Sally pushing out, trying to relieve
  the fullness inside her. She could feel every twitch and jerk of his cock,
  as he stayed buried inside her.  
 "It's time to please the Lord, Sally. I want you to squeeze my sword when
  I pull it out and relax as I plunge back in. You are going to go from full
  to empty and then back to full again as I begin to rock my sword back and forth
  in your body. Please the Lord, Sally," he ordered her, feeling her begin to
  tighten up on his cock as he slowly pulled it from her pussy.  
 It pulled out so slowly, creating a giant vacuum-like suction dragging out
  her insides. The seconds ticked by so slowly, her pussy twitching on the hot
  flesh as it pulled out. She felt the rim of the head pass through her vagina,
  his cock pausing, Sally holding her breath for what she knew to be the inevitable.
  She did not have to wait long, Father John growing impatient, her pussy bringing
  such delightful feelings in his balls. "Ugh," she grunted in pain as his cock
  plunged in, sheathing itself in her tight pussy in one powerful thrust, burying
  itself up against her cervix again.  
 Father John continued to stroke faster and harder, the sound of flesh slapping
  against flesh ringing off the walls of the room, punctuated by short gasps
  of pain and surprise from Sally as she was forced to take a particularly hard
  or painful angle with his cock. His cock pleasured by her silky insides, sliding
  up and down in her pussy, the tightness threatening to drag the sperm from
  his balls. It was time to cum inside her, let her feel for the first time the
  hot sperm bath her pussy. He wanted her to feel the pleasure, his fingers circling
  around in front of her, running through her bush before finding his intended
  target, her swollen clit. His fingers pushing along the edges, squeezing her
  clit hood out of the way, his calloused finger finding the hyper-sensitive
  tip and rubbing, her gasp of pleasure ringing out.  
 She pushed back onto Father John's sword buried deep inside her, twitching
  in pleasure as his fingers found her clit. "God, please," she begged, her hips
  trying to move, her tightly bound and spread legs preventing her, forced to
  stay still when she really wanted to rock back and forth on the hard flesh
  inside her. His cock stroked faster and faster, his finger becoming more urgent
  in the assault on her clit, slapping the hard rubbery tip with his fingernail,
  a masochistic pleasure erupting in her body from the pleasure mixing with the
  pain of his sharp fingernail. Clenching her pussy on the cock inside her, gripping
  it as tight as she could, her mouth clenching as she tried to drag as much
  pleasure from his cock as she could. Hating herself for feeling this way, from
  gaining pleasure from the sword of Father John, feeling fulfillment from being
  bound naked and spread, unable to stop him from having his way, unprepared
  to even try if she could. She just needed to cum and cum now.  
 "It's time, Sally. Time to cum for me. I want you to feel me filling your
  once virgin pussy with my hot, demon seed. You are so naughty to do this to
  me, Sally, a shameful girl. I am going to have to punish you when I am finished
  cumming in you. Now cum for the Lord, cum for me, drain the semen from my balls," he
  ordered her, his cock slamming in and out of her pussy, the only sound in the
  room of their lust.  
 He was right. It was shameful for her to do this to a priest. What would
  her parents say if they knew? She would have to pay for her sins, she would
  accept whatever punishment Father John deemed appropriate. She had to cleanse
  her soul; he would help her with this. But first she couldn't wait any longer,
  his finger masturbating her clit, her pussy stroked hard and fast. It was time,
  time to cum. She heard him gasp in pleasure, his cock seemed to grow inside
  her, feeling the vein twitching, the head swollen in pleasure. She was about
  to feel her vagina filled with hot semen.  
 Father John tried to push his cock as deep inside her teenage body as he
  could, his cock banging painfully against her cervix, buried deep inside, twitching
  in pleasure. His balls were painful, swollen with his cum. "Yes, now, Sally,
  cum with me," the cum shooting up from his balls and filling her pussy with
  his hot cum, mixing with her juices. "Feel the hot demon seed in you, Sally.
  You are such a whore, Sally, your pussy forcing such pleasure from my body." He
  slapped her ass hard, feeling her pussy tightening on his cock as he spilled
  his jism inside her.  
 A whore, but he had made her this way, forcing her to strip naked, tying
  her spread and open, taking her virginity from her once innocent body. She
  knew that this would not be the last time he would take her, each time he had
  further degraded her, committing unspeakable acts on her body against her will
  in the name of God. These thoughts of what he would do sent her into a powerful
  orgasm, her body shaking, her pussy clenching and unclenching as she felt his
  powerful cock hose her insides down with his hot cum, bathing her walls with
  the demon seed. Her body was drenched in sweat, glistening as her nipples poked
  out, feeling his juices run down her thighs as he began to fuck in and out
  again, aided by her pussy soaked in his cum. His fingers tightened on her clit,
  pulling and twisting the hard button, multiple orgasms overwhelming her teenage
  body, unable to comprehend what he was doing to her.  
 She was the best he ever had, her inexperienced pussy bringing such pleasure
  to his cock. He always loved the untrained girls, their bodies responding to
  the acts he committed on them, not trying to please him, but reacting only
  to the animal impulses he had unleashed in their bodies. He only hoped that
  her sister, Charlotte, would be as good, the Bishop certain to have already
  begun leading her down the path to her eventual degradation and humiliation.
  His cock began to soften as he finished cumming inside Sally, slumping down
  over her body, her soaked pussy already beginning to push his soft cock out. "God
  loved what you did with your body, Sally. He liked the way you dragged the
  demon seed from my mortal flesh."  
 She began to cry, embarrassed as to how her body had reacted, cumming with
  Father John. She deserved to be punished. Father John's hands still stroking
  her body as his cock fell out of her pussy with a loud pop followed by a rush
  of fluids running down the insides of her thighs.  
 Father John began to untie Sally, eager to punish her, his cock already
  stirring again at the thought of abusing her body. First her legs, untying
  them, helping her to put them back onto the ground again, Sally sighing, relieved
  that her legs were no longer painfully split apart. She felt her arms lowered,
  Father John releasing her wrists, Sally rubbing the feeling back into them. "Over
  here," he ordered her, pushing her over to a clear spot on the floor. "Lie
  down on your back," watching as she bent down onto her knees, her ass displayed
  for him as she turned over and let her back hit the cold tiles of the floor,
  her nipples hardened from the cold. At least she was not bound, the floor hard
  and cold as she lay down, Father John towering over her, his semi-erect sword
  still out, glistening from the mixture of their cum.  
 "Feet flat on the floor, knees bent. I want you to push your ass up off
  the floor and spread your legs wide open. Let your knees bow open."  
 Sally was frightened as she began to follow his instructions. With her legs
  spread and her butt off the floor, raised up high, her sex was the highest
  point of her body. Father John said he was going to punish her, would he actually
  punish her sex! "Wwwhhat are you going to do?"  
 "I'm going to spank you, Sally. The Lord wants me to spank you between your
  legs, punish the pussy that tempted my sword. I want you to help me by giving
  me complete access." He moved onto the floor beside her, pushing out on her
  knees, "wider, Sally, I want your pussy lips spread back, I want your inner
  pussy to receive the spanking."  
 Sally couldn't do anything except let him push her into the position he
  wanted. His hands slipped under her ass, pushing upwards, forcing her to arch
  up, her pussy high in the air, her legs bent and spread, the area between fully
  open for him. He gripped her sex with his hand, fingers pushing between her
  pussy lips. Rubbing up and down, his fingers forceful and powerful, not the
  soft masturbation that he had performed on her before, but the hard touch of
  someone that had control over her body, someone that enjoyed hearing her cry
  in pain. "Please, not there, spank my ass," she begged him, afraid of the pain
  he would inflict on her.  
 "You dare refuse the Lord, Sally? It was your pussy that tempted my sword;
  it will be your pussy that will receive the punishment. Now raise up higher," his
  hands urging her butt up off the floor until it was over two feet up in the
  air. "Yes, the Lord likes you presenting yourself that way. Now I want you
  to keep that position, even when I spank you. Do you understand Sally? Are
  you going to obey the Lord and take your punishment?"  
 Sally trembled but raised her butt off the floor, seeing Father John's sword
  already swollen again. Why does she do this to him? How come she can't control
  herself?  
 Father John smiled as he looked down on her, her pussy spread wide, sticky
  with the mixture of cum already drying, her body trembling as she presented
  herself for his punishment. "It will be ten, Sally. Ten slaps on your spread
  pussy. If you move, I will start all over. Now rise up," his hand ready to
  inflict the first hit on her spread and open sex.  
 She closed her eyes, not wanting to see his hand, preferring to feel the
  pain first, the anticipation worse. She didn't have to wait long, the sharp
  smack of his palm on her unprotected sex driving her body up higher as his
  hand swung in from below, slapping her low on her sex. "Ow!" she cried out
  in pain, her legs trembling in pain, but she kept the position, the sting of
  his hand on her delicate sex throbbing.  
 He rubbed her pussy again, feeling her body tense, his fingers gripping
  her pussy tightly, a cruel grip to show her the power the Lord had over her
  body. "Yes, the Lord is pleased with the way you are taking your punishment," his
  hand leaving her sex, getting ready to hit her again.  
 She held her breath in anticipation, the sound of his hand breaking the
  air as it swung in an arch, upward to hit her low on her sex again with a resounding
  thud, her body arched up higher from the force of the blow. "Tttooo hard!" she
  yelled in pain, his hand hitting her harder, making her feel his power.  
 "That's two, Sally. Now brace yourself, I'm going to spank downward between
  your legs, I want your ass off the floor at all times. If it touches, we will
  start all over again." He watched as the muscles in her legs tightened up,
  waiting for the force of the blow to drive her downward, ready to stop it from
  happening, not wanting to begin again. A quick goose of her pussy, his large
  hand able to encircle her whole pussy, fingers finding their way between her
  lips, pulling her upward.  
 She felt him abuse her pussy before the hand left her again, her ass arched
  up high, braced for the next onslaught. God it hurt, each time his hand hit
  harder, eagerly drawing out a louder scream, Sally not disappointing him, her
  voice ringing out, "AAAwww!" the powerful hand eliciting a painful response
  from her body.  
 "Three," his voice tapering off, his hand returning to fondle her sex, feeling
  her skin begin to heat up. The slaps were becoming harder and quicker, four
  and five almost in succession, Sally only able to gasp in pain before she was
  struck again.  
 Six and seven moved up higher, preparing her for eight and nine, both hits
  targeting her exposed clit, Father John successful in drawing the loudest scream
  from her lips as her delicate clit was smashed by his palm.  
 "EEEH!" she yelled in pain, the tenth hit by his palm the most painful,
  almost slamming her body into the floor, Father John putting all of his power
  behind the last and final spank. She saw his sword, swollen and hard again,
  her screams bringing in back into a state of erectness.  
 Father John couldn't contain himself, her spread body, her screams of pain
  had made his cock hard. He flung his body between her legs, his hard cock finding
  and shoving inside her pussy again before Sally could even protest, her scream
  of pain as his cock tore into her making it jerk in pleasure.  
 Sally could only lay there, her legs splayed out to the sides her knees
  bent submissively, giving him access to her sex again, his cock plunging in
  and out of her, her head turned away as Father John rutted away into her once
  virgin pussy again. He didn't last long before she felt the now familiar hot
  sperm bathing her insides, clenching her pussy onto the cumming sword, hoping
  to quickly end her suffering. She felt him get off her body, stand up, pushing
  his cock back into his pants. "Get dressed, Sally, stop acting like such a
  slut or it will be another punishment for you."  
 Sally quickly got dressed and left, crying once she left the church, unable
  to contain the mixed emotions in her body, her sex burning from his cock, but
  she still remembered cumming while Father John was inside her, embarrassed
  that she couldn't control her own body.  
 "I think we should take both of them on the retreat, Bishop. What do you
  think?" Father John smiled as the Bishop told him of the way Charlotte had
  allowed her body to be used.  
 "Yes, definitely, I will talk to their mother tomorrow. We'll leave on Friday
  night, that way we have the entire weekend to enjoy their nubile bodies. Sally
  will be a bit of problem, but it will be enjoyable to punish her. Charlotte
  will do anything to be like her sister, so I think we should show her sister
  performing, giving her instruction on how to please the Lord."  
 Mary answered the telephone. "Yes, Bishop, I appreciate what the church
  is doing for my daughter, Sally. I think it would be a good idea to have Charlotte
  join the retreat. Yes, Bishop, I'm glad you are taking such a personal interest
  in Charlotte, just as Father John does in Sally. No problem for the whole weekend,
  we will not expect them until Sunday night. Yes, I'm glad that they will be
  taught how to serve the Lord. Of course, young ladies need the guidance that
  the Church can give them in doing that. I only wish I had had the same opportunities
  that they are receiving."  
 "She did need to be punished, Bishop? What did Father John do to her? He
  spanked her? I think that will teach her a lesson in not obeying the elders
  of the Church. Yes, you have our permission to do the same to Charlotte, if
  you think it is needed. Young people nowadays are raised too leniently. A little
  punishment goes a long way in making them more willing to obey their elders.
  Thank you again, Bishop. We will have the girls ready for you Friday at seven."  
To be continued  
Author: Powerone  
Title: The Priest Teaches His Flock  
Chapter 11- The Retreat  
 The Summary: Father John is transferred to his third parish. Each time he
  was caught molesting his parishioners. Bishop Samuel and Father John take the
  sisters Sally and Charlotte for a weekend retreat of serving the Lord and his
  servants, their bodies used in many ways in the Lord's work.  
Keywords: M/F, reluc, nc, anal, oral, humil  
Copyright 2004 by Powerone. Author may be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com   
 "Mom, please don't make us go, especially not Charlotte," Sally begged.  
 "I've told you about this before, Sally. It's your adolescent sexual fantasies.
  They are both the servants of God, and one of them is the Bishop. You should
  go to confession just to get penance for even thinking of such a thing. Now
  get your sister, I heard a car pull up,"  
 Father John came into the house to pick up Sally and Charlotte. The Bishop
  waited in the car, he had his reasons to not be seen by Mary yet, reasons that
  would be revealed soon; the Bishop would deal with Mary when they returned
  from the retreat. "Good evening, Mary. Are the girls ready?" It was a dream
  come true, the girls' mother delivering two such delightful creatures into
  their hands for the weekend, with her permission to punish them, which he was
  sure they would have to do. Sally would defy him and would then require a painful
  punishment to make her consent to what he wanted to do to her lovely body&mdash;in
  the name of the Lord. In fact, he was looking forward to it. The Bishop had
  said Charlotte would be more willing, but was inexperienced at anything sexual.
  She would just have to be taught; another task Father John found to his liking.  
 Sally and Charlotte walked into the room, Charlotte with a big smile on
  her face that partially disappeared when she didn't see the Bishop. There was
  a look of resignation on Sally's face, knowing that her own mother was delivering
  her to a weekend of sexual decadence and perversions. Her only hope was the
  she could tell the Bishop and he would stop Father John.  
 "Where is the Bishop?" Charlotte asked, disappointed when he wasn't there.  
 "Have no fear, child; he is waiting in the car." He moved closer to Sally,
  gave her a knowing look, then detouring to grab the bags from Mary. "Are you
  ready for a weekend of serving the Lord and his instruments, Sally; are you
  ready to be a servant to the Lord?"  
 Her head hung down, "yes, Father John," resigning herself to the fact that
  she couldn't stop him, her only salvation would be the Bishop or at least to
  stop Father John from molesting Charlotte.  
 "We will be back Monday morning, I don't want to travel on the Sabbath," An
      extra night of debauchery with your  daughters  .
      Father John's cock was already bulging his trousers. Luckily, he had worn
      a coat.  
 "That's fine, Father John. I know they are in good hands with you and the
  Bishop. Teach them how to do the Lord's work. And don't forget, girls, if you
  misbehave, Father John has my permission to punish you. And, he will punish
  you just as I was punished when I was a little girl, a severe spanking, even
  with a belt if necessary. Now off you go and have a joyous time doing the Lord's
  work.  
 They walked out to the car, a 1947 two-door Ford, no one speaking. The engine
  was running, winter almost upon the valley, the engine heater trying to keep
  the crisp air out of the car. "Both of you in the back seat," he instructed,
  throwing the bags in the trunk, the Bishop allowing the girls to climb into
  the back of the car.  
 Sally was glad, at least nothing could happen until they got where they
  were going, which was also a problem as she had no idea where they were being
  taken. She noticed that Charlotte was a little distraught by not being able
  to sit with the Bishop. She was acting as if she had a schoolgirl crush on
  him.  
 When the Bishop had gotten out of the car to allow the girls into the back
  seat, he was pleased as they climbed in, their asses pushing out so temptingly.
  They both wore knee-length skirts, very plain, their rounded buttocks pushing
  out the fabric as they bent over to climb in the back seat. The Bishop climbed
  back into the front seat and they went speeding off into the black night. "The
  retreat is only about 20 minutes outside of town, we will be there quickly.
  I know it is a little cramped back there, but you will have a lot of room to
  spread out once we arrive." And spread you will be.   
 It was quiet the whole trip, the girls afraid of starting a conversation&mdash;after
  all, these were priests, and what do you talk about to a priest? Father John
  and the Bishop were not interested in talking, at all; too excited about getting
  the girls to the retreat and into their lecherous hands.  
 They pulled in front of a large wooden cabin, lights burning inside, Father
  John having previously set up the retreat for the weekend, not wanting to waste
  any time. "Well girls, we have a weekend of celebrating with the Lord. Charlotte
  is new to these ways, so Sally, you are going to have to teach her how to please
  God. Sally has already sinned, she has spread malicious lies to her mother
  about us, so she must be punished. The Lord extracts severe punishment from
  his flock when they transgress. Quickly inside, it is cold out here."  
 Sally knew that she was in trouble and that the Bishop was not going to
  help her. In fact, she feared that the Bishop would take advantage of her body
  as Father John does, afraid that both of them would force her to do things
  that she didn't want to do. And poor Charlotte, completely unaware of what
  she was going to be asked to do and of what they would do to her. But Charlotte
  was different, she seemed so willing to do whatever was asked of her by the
  Bishop, awed by his power, willing to serve the Lord in any manner that the
  Bishop prescribed no matter how perverse.  
 Charlotte felt the warmth of the fire as soon as they entered the cabin,
  a roaring blaze already in the fireplace. The room was not furnished like a
  house but as a church, an altar in the center of the room, a large, heavy wooden
  structure, crosses sprinkled freely over the top, a kneeling bench in front
  of it, the railing low enough for recipients to place their elbows on while
  kneeling in prayer, purple pillows to cushion the knees. What was most out
  of place was the strange object in the corner. It was a four-legged bench,
  thick hewn lumber as legs, connected to the top was a triangle of leather shooting
  up from the sides to reach an apex in the center, a sharp ridge of leather
  somehow kept rigid by whatever material filling its center. The top of the
  pyramid stood at least five feet from the floor. Two strange rings of metal
  were bolted to the floor on each side, centered symmetrically with the center
  of the bench. A large supply of rope was piled up high next to it.  
Charlotte did not dwell on it any longer, excited that the Bishop had brought
  her for the retreat, eager to please the Bishop and the Lord, willing to devote
  herself to His service. Her thoughts kept going back to the powerful way that
  the Bishop had ruled over her, just like in her dreams, an older man who forced
  her to do his bidding, spanking her for his pleasure, extracting pleasure from
  her untrained body. Now with Father John and Sally present, the thought of
  being stripped and humiliated before them made her sex wet, a sin that she
  would confess to the Bishop at the first opportunity, hoping for an act of
  contrition to cleanse her soul of her impure thoughts.  
 Sally saw the evil looking bench, knowing that it was for the express purpose
  of keeping her bound so they could punish her, afraid of how her limbs would
  be arranged on it, afraid of how exposed she would be to them.  
 "Bishop Samuel and I are going to change into our robes. Put your suitcases
  in the room over there, it is your bedroom for the weekend. Then, I want you
  back immediately. We are going to have a prayer session before bed."  
 Charlotte and Sally opened the door to the bedroom; the first thing they
  saw was the mammoth bed that seemed to fill the room to overflowing. It wasn't
  a double bed, much more massive, able to accommodate at least four people,
  Sally cringing at its purpose. She knew they would not be left alone at night,
  Bishop Samuel or Father John, or both would be visiting them.  
Charlotte couldn't believe how big and comfortable the bed was compared to
  her small, hard bed at home. "I'm so glad I came!" Charlotte spewed out happily."  
Sally didn't have the heart to tell her why she had been brought here, not
  even sure Charlotte would understand or care. She seemed perfectly content
  to obey whatever Father John or Bishop Samuel told her to do. "Well, you're
  not the one going to get punished," Sally shot back.  
"I would take whatever punishment the Lord wished," hoping that Bishop Samuel
  would punish her. They set their bags down, quickly putting their sparse belongings
  away. "We better get out there."  
Father John and Bishop Samuel were waiting for them, dressed in heavy black
  robes that hung to the floor, the girls not yet realizing that they were naked
  beneath them. They both wore heavy gold crosses around their necks, similar
  to the one that had taken Sally's virginity not long ago, thick vines embedded
  on the shaft of the cross, a rough surface that would rub harshly any orifice
  that it entered.  
"Kneel for a prayer session, girls," motioning them over. "Tomorrow I will
  have some clothes for you to wear during the rest of this weekend. You will
  wear what novices wear. Now kneel for the Lord."  
The girls knelt, their knees sinking into the plush pillows, their hands
  clasped in prayer, Father John and Bishop Samuel moving in front of them. They
  closed their eyes as Father John began praying loudly, asking for the Lord's
  forgiveness for their sins and the sins of the young girls in front of them.
  Asking for the Lord to allow the girls to atone for their sins, for a sign
  of how they can serve the Lord. It continued for over a half an hour, their
  eyes tightly clenched as Bishop Samuel took over the prayers, his voice rising
  higher, praying to the Lord for the sins of the young girls.  
Charlotte was impressed, the Bishop was praying for her soul. Sally more
  worried, knowing that they were up to something and she would soon find out
  what it was, sure that it would not be pleasant. Sally heard a strange rustling,
  Father John praying again, the sound of them moving, but she kept her eyes
  shut tightly, afraid of opening them.  
"Amen," Father John said.  
"Amen," Bishop Samuel concurring. "The Lord has spoken to us. He has told
  us how he wants Charlotte to serve the Lord. He wants her to become a nun.
  It is a hard journey to become a nun, a rigorous regiment to be followed as
  a novice first. The Lord will test her in many ways; test her devotion to God
  and to the priests that serve Him. He will place many obstacles in her path,
  obstacles that we will be able to help her with. Her sister will have to help
  her, show her the ways that she has been taught to serve the vessels of the
  Lord, the priests who serve the Lord. There will be times that are trying,
  times when the Lord will have to punish her in order to make her worthy of
  His love. Are you willing to commit to the service of the Lord, Charlotte,
  giving your body and soul to the service of the Lord?"  
Charlotte opened her eyes, smiling happily. "Yes Bishop! I will do whatever
  is asked of me for the Lord. I will suffer whatever pain is necessary, as did
  Jesus did to save our soul." This was what she had dreamt of, serving the Bishop.  
 "And you, Sally. Will you assist your sister in achieving her goals, teaching
  her as others taught you? Showing her how her body and soul can be used for
  the Lord and His vessels without regard to her personal interests." Father
  John looked at her, a stern warning against any disobedience.  
 If that is what Charlotte wanted&mdash;and her mother was sure
      to be so proud of her&mdash;why should I stand in her way?  She
      hated to think of the things she would have to do, the things that she
      would have to teach her sister, knowing that her sister would have to serve
      Father John and Bishop Samuel, service their lust. But, it was Charlotte's
      decision; maybe at least they would leave her alone. "Yes, Father John,
      I will teach her."  
 "I think we should celebrate Charlotte's decision, first; Sally's cooperation
  will decide on how severe her punishment will be." The Bishop moved his hand
  down to Charlotte, his fingers lifting her chin up as she continued kneeling
  at his feet. "Sally is going to teach you how to take communion from the Sword
  of God," his cock jerking in lust. He saw her innocent eyes looking up at him,
  the smile of obedience on her face. Yes, he was going to enjoy this. He moved
  his hands to the front of his robe, sliding the zipper, starting at the top,
  seeing Charlotte's eyes follow his hand as it went past his waist, his naked
  chest now revealed. He waited for a second, letting it register in her brain
  before continuing, the zipper sliding down, his cock jerking free, no longer
  constrained by the harsh fabric of the robe.  
 Charlotte couldn't believe it, never having seen a penis but once before
  and then only the flaccid one of a small boy. It was nothing like this and
  this from a servant of God! It was big, bigger than she had ever imagined;
  huge when he rubbed it up against her cheek. It stood out over eight inches,
  bobbing up and down. At the end was a giant head, a dark angry red, the rim
  around it an even darker red, it was almost like a helmet. In the center was
  an eye, an eye that would shoot out his seed. The shaft had veins running up
  the side, she could almost see the blood pounding through them, the blood that
  was making it so hard. She could see his balls hanging down below, heavy and
  swollen. She would hardly be able to get her hands around them. And, she wanted
  to do that badly, do whatever the Bishop required of her, unconsciously understanding
  that this is what he would ask of her.  
 "You are a very beautiful girl, Charlotte, you have tempted the Bishop with
  your body, just as your sister has with me," Father John spoke, moving closer. "You
  are going to have to drive the demon seed from his body, the seed that you
  planted in his loins. And, you will be required to use your mouth to do it.
  You will swallow his seed, an act of contrition for your scandalous body and
  the things you do to us."  
 Her hands reached out and lightly touched the Bishop's cock, her fingers
  jerking back when she felt how hot it was. "I will do what is required of me,
  Father John," too engrossed with touching the hard cock in front of her to
  really pay much attention to the priest. She reached again, this time her hand
  wrapping around it, gripping it tighter now when she felt it jerk.  
 Sally moved closer to her, "rub it up and down;" at least she wouldn't have
  to do it. Charlotte seemed to be in awe of the Bishop's cock, her eyes glued
  to it while her hand slid up and down the shaft. "Tighten your fingers when
  you move over the head," she guided her little sister. She watched Charlotte
  do it, Bishop Samuel's cock jerking again when her hand rubbed the ridge around
  the head. "Cup his balls with your other hand."  
 Charlotte was mesmerized by the hard, hot cock in her hands, not able to
  take her eyes off of it as she listened to what Sally told her to do, duplicating
  her instructions. Squeezing his balls caused a moan come from his lips, "Did
  I squeeze too hard, Bishop Samuel?"  
 "Oh no, Charlotte. You are doing a wonderful job. Continue," his breathing
  ragged as he watched her manipulate his cock nearly as expertly as a whore
  would do. Father John had told him how Sally had a natural knack; maybe it
  was hereditary, her mother Mary having had a similar trait.  
 Charlotte squeezed his balls again, this time harder, feeling the two heavy
  balls inside, the heat from his body. Her hand took full strokes, up and down
  the shaft, rewarding her by jerking each time her hand passed over it, her
  fingers gripping tighter, hoping to please him.  
 "Tell her what to do next, Sally," Bishop Samuel ordered He wanted to feel
  her hot mouth wrapped around his cock, afraid he might cum before she could
  use her tongue, her small hands doing such wonderful things to his cock.  
 "Move closer to his cock and blow on it, hold it tight, your breath will
  make it jerk even more." Sally remembered too vividly the times she had to
  take Father John's cock deep in her mouth.  
 It was only inches from Charlotte's face, the hot, throbbing cock of the
  Bishop, her hand holding it tightly. She blew on it, blew on the head. She
  squeezed his balls, her hand barely able to contain the cock as it jumped in
  the sheer ecstasy of her hot breath. She tightened her fingers just below the
  crown, squeezing the rigid flesh, her hands compressing his balls again, this
  time harder, blowing longer this time over the trapped head. She was rewarded
  with a deep moan from the Bishop.  
 "Open your mouth real wide, Charlotte. His cock is big and he wants it inside
  your mouth. Are you ready to do this?" Charlotte could only nod to Father John,
  her eyes staring straight ahead to the cock that throbbed in her hands. Sally
  knew what it felt like the first time, the unmistakable feel of throbbing flesh
  jerking in your mouth, hands on your head holding you tightly, forcing your
  mouth on the hot flesh.  
 Bishop Samuel waited, seeing her mouth form into a big "O," her eyes wide
  open, big blue innocent eyes, staring at his cock. He could wait no longer,
  pushing his hips forward, impaling her mouth with his cock. He shoved harder
  than he expected to, his cockhead hitting the back, a loud gag coming from
  deep in her throat, her mouth closing over his shaft, her soft, wet lips almost
  making him cum. "Thank you, Lord," was the only thing he could say when he
  felt her tongue running over the head of his cock, feeling his semen leak out,
  struggling to keep from cumming. He pulled his cock out until only the head
  was trapped inside, her tongue bathing it with her hot saliva as Charlotte
  lapped at it hungrily.  
 Charlotte ran her tongue over the rubbery flesh pulsating in her mouth,
  her lips wrapping tightly around it. It was big, her lips stretching wide to
  allow the thick member inside her mouth. She felt it jerk when her tongue touched
  the tip, an unmistakable salty flavor invading her mouth. She ran her tongue
  over the tip again, another jerk and the taste permeating her mouth. So
  that is what it tastes like  . The thick, salty fluid she dragged
  out of his cock not all that unpleasant. The taste now filling her mouth as
  the thick fluid mixed with her saliva. It felt so good having it in her mouth;
  the Bishop's organ, alive and pulsating, her tongue and lips making it jerk
  and jump inside. She felt so proud of herself as she pleased the Bishop.  
 Charlotte was embarrassing Sally, acting like a whore. It didn't make a
  difference that he was a Bishop, he was still taking advantage of them, but
  Charlotte was accepting it so willingly. Well, if she was going to act like
  a whore, then Sally would treat her like one. She put her hands on the back
  of Charlotte's head. "You're going to have to take more than that, Charlotte.
  Bishop Samuel wants it deep in your mouth." She pushed, feeling Charlotte resisting
  as the thick shaft slowly pushed deeper into her mouth. Maybe you
  wouldn't be so willing if it is shoved down your throat.   
 Why was Sally doing this?  She was frightened, as the
  hard cock pushing out her cheeks, pulling back out, then thrusting back in,
  further this time, moving to the back of her mouth. It was big, too big to
  fit in her tiny mouth. She tried raising her hands up to stop them, the sudden
  panic of having the large thick cock shoved down her throat, choking her to
  death.  
 "Put your hands down, Charlotte! How dare you defy the Lord? You'll take
  it all the way into your mouth and down your throat like a good girl. How do
  you expect to become a good nun if you don't even know how to please a Bishop?
  Continue, Sally, show her how much you learned. Father John tells me you have
  a unique talent with your mouth."  
"Sally is exceptional," Father John chimed in. "She has such a talent in
  draining the demon seed from my body with her mouth. Many times she has sucked
  and swallowed the demon seed from my loins."  
Sally pushed on Charlotte's head, this time harder, watching the Bishop's
  cock slowly slipping through her tight lips, noticing a glint of panic in her
  sister's eyes as she obeyed the Bishop, her fists clenching tightly at her
  side, unable or unwilling to stop them from using her mouth. Charlotte gagged;
  her throat spasming as over half of Bishop Samuel's large cock was burying
  itself in her mouth. "Keep your tongue moving on it, Charlotte, run it up and
  down the side. Lap at the head, taste his cum in your mouth. If you breathe
  through your nose it will be easier. They like to make you choke and gag on
  their cock, it brings them great pleasure."  
Charlotte could not believe how long it was, the thick shaft seeming to go
  on forever, pushing up against the back of her mouth, bending slightly and
  trying to enter her throat. It felt like a giant plunger trying to squeeze
  into her tiny throat, the contractions rippling up and down the shaft as she
  breathed heavily, sucking in as much air as she could through her nose. Sally
  held her head tightly, preventing her from backing off the cock. The only thing
  she could do was clench her fists and swirl her tongue around the shaft, hoping
  to drain the demon seed from him quickly. His hips shot forward, another inch
  of cock forced into her throat as her throat gurgled and gagged.  
Father John was right, Charlotte did seem to have a natural ability to suck
  cock, seeing the Bishop's thick cock bury itself in her tiny throat, a family
  trait that her mother also had. He could see her throat pulsating, his thick
  cock burying inside, her eyes already tearing up, staring at him, her innocent
  lips wrapping so tightly around his cock. "You do such a good job serving the
  Lord, Charlotte," Bishop Samuel was not sure he could go much longer without
  cumming. He began pushing his hips in and out more quickly; she was taking
  over half of it now, gagging as it hit the back of her throat, but her throat
  was opening up to take it all inside, her eyes wide, a look of amazement that
  she was taking it so deep. He lifted her chin up higher so she was staring
  into his eyes, "there is more, Charlotte, I'm going to bury it all in your
  throat," squeezing her head, Sally keeping her from moving away.  
She gagged and choked, the Bishop pumping his hips back and forth, the hard
  cock pushing painfully down her throat. She could feel it jerking in the hot
  confines of her throat, his stomach smashing against her lips. It did feel
  like a giant sword in her mouth and throat. She couldn't move her tongue now,
  his shaft pressing it to the bottom of her mouth, his cock no longer needing
  the stimulation, the spasming of her throat doing a much better job. She was
  breathing heavily&mdash;barely able to suck in enough air through her nose&mdash;hoping
  that he would pull the huge cock from her throat soon.  
Bishop Samuel finally pulled his cock from her throat, slowly dragging it
  back out, feeling her throat muscles clinging to it as the head popped out
  of her throat. Her tongue moving back to bathe the head of his cock as she
  sucked it, creating a delicious vacuum that threatened to make him cum in her
  hot mouth.  
Sally caught the sight of Father John's cock jutting out the front of his
  robe, fearing that he would make her take it in her mouth again, licking her
  lips, getting them wet for him, wanting to get it over quickly.  
"Take my cock and feed it into your sister's mouth, Sally. Let Charlotte
  see if she can take two cocks in her mouth at the same time." He felt Sally's
  familiar soft hand grabbing his cock, gripping it tightly. She would have to
  take it in her mouth if Charlotte was unable to, and he wasn't sure if Charlotte's
  small mouth would be able to stretch wide enough to take both of their cocks,
  but Charlotte was the one that was asking for this, let her suffer her own
  fate.  
Sally was shocked by the order, it was bad enough with one cock in your mouth,
  how would her sister be able to take two? She hesitated, then, knowing that
  she would be punished if she didn't obey, gripping his cock, moving closer
  to Charlotte, seeing the fear in her eyes. Rubbing Father John's cock along
  the side of her sister's face, she found herself intentionally leaving a trail
  of shiny cum on the bulging cheek. Bishop Samuel let his cock slide out until
  only the head sat on Charlotte's lips, her tongue running over the tip, the
  cock jerking in lust. Sally moved Father John's cock over, two massive organs
  each seeking to enter the hot confines of the tiny oral cavity.  
Charlotte opened her mouth as wide as she could, feeling the corners of her
  mouth stretching, almost tearing, two hot pieces of pulsating flesh pushing
  along her lips, each seeking entrance, each big enough by itself to fill her
  mouth, unsure if she would be able to handle two at once. But, they were not
  giving her that option, her own sister aiding them, her own sister's hand pushing
  Father John's cock in her mouth, as Bishop Samuel poised his cock on her lips,
  waiting for Father John to join him.  
Bishop Samuel held her head, pushing, Father John joining him, seeing Charlotte's
  lips spreading wider. "Real wide, Charlotte. Show us you can serve the Lord
  by taking both of our swords in your mouth." Neither could wait any longer,
  Charlotte forced to take them in, their cockheads slowly engulfed, each inside
  rubbing against the other in her innocent mouth.  
Charlotte felt stuffed, a strange feeling as her tongue ran over the two
  cocks, their cum mixing to fill her mouth again with the salty flavor of their
  demon seeds, the thick fluid leaking from the heads of their cocks. They finally
  stopped, each no longer willing to push any deeper without causing her extreme
  pain and tearing, more willing to use her as they did now, ready to fill her
  mouth with their cum. She didn't fully realized how much semen they would dump
  in her mouth, now she was faced with the dilemma of two cumming at the same
  time.  
"Stroke my cock, Sally, make it cum inside your sister's mouth," Father John
  eager to make Sally participate in Charlotte's degradation. He was ready, hoping
  that Bishop Samuel was also, eager to see how much cum they could fill Charlotte's
  mouth with at the same time.  
Bishop Samuel continued stroking his cock, "now, Charlotte, when we cum,
  I want you to swallow it all, don't let any drip out of your mouth or you will
  be punished. You must swallow the demon seed as your act of contrition." He
  saw consent in her eyes, her tongue eagerly running over his head, feeling
  Father John's cock rubbing against her sweet mouth. "Charlotte, squeeze my
  balls, squeeze the cum from them. You too, Sally, squeeze the demon seed from
  Father John's balls, empty them into your sister's mouth. Let her taste these
  holy fluids."  
Charlotte gripped his hot balls, feeling his cock jerk in her mouth, the
  twin shafts ready to cum. She braced herself, feeling the shafts jerk, almost
  feeling the cum running up the thick shaft. Her mouth was filling with a thick,
  pasty fluid, Father John's seed joining in with the Bishop's. She swallowed,
  almost choking, gagging as the thick seed slowly ran down her throat into her
  stomach. As soon as she emptied one mouthful, she was filled again, the hot
  fluid shooting out onto her tongue, the salty taste permeating her mouth. Her
  cheeks bulged, unable to contain all of the mixture, Charlotte trying to swallow
  as fast as she could, each time her mouth filled again. They came forever,
  her gagging only stimulating them to fill her again. She finally felt them
  get soft, her tongue pushing the flaccid organs from her mouth. She bent over,
  spitting up a mouthful of cum, the thick fluid dripping from her lips in a
  long string to fall on the floor, choking as she did, fearing the punishment
  of not swallowing as they had asked.  
Bishop Samuel lifted up her head, "you did a good job of serving the Lord,
  Charlotte. We have many other tasks for you to perform to see if you are worthy
  of the job ahead of you; tasks that Sally will show you how to do. Now it is
  time for Sally to be punished. You can see what you will suffer if you fail
  to do as you are asked."  
Father John moved over to Sally, pulling her up from the prayer bench. "Take
  off your clothes, Sally. Bishop Samuel hasn't seen your shameful body that
  tempts me so. Quickly, don't keep the Lord waiting. It is time for your punishment."  
"Please, Father John, I won't do it again," she was begging, but her hands
  were already moving to her blouse, quickly stripping it off, not wanting to
  see the looks on their faces as her body was revealed. She looked over at Charlotte,
  watching intently. The bra was next, her hands moving over her naked breasts,
  trying to hide them from their leering eyes.  
"Don't cover your sinful breasts, Sally," Bishop Samuel ordered, watching
  as her hands slid to her sides, her breasts heaving, her breathing labored. "Look,
  her nipples are already hard. She has lust in her heart. I think her lust should
  be punished. Take off the rest of your clothes, Sally, then it will be time
  to ride the bench over in the corner. Your breasts will bear the brunt of the
  punishment."  
Sally feared what they were going to do to her. She was hoping they would
  just spank her as Father John had done on numerous occasions. He did it often
  until his member was hard, then Sally would have to satisfy his lust with whatever
  means he required of her, her mouth or her pussy, she would have to take his
  sword until he unloaded his demon seed inside her. Now, the Bishop was talking
  of punishing her breasts, a thought sounding too painful to endure. They really
  couldn't think of doing that to her, her breasts too sensitive, especially
  her nipples. She quickly slipped out of the rest of her clothes, hoping her
  willingness would inspire them to a lesser punishment.  
Father John helped her up onto the bench, lifting her up high; Bishop Samuel
  on the other side grabbing her other leg and forcing her to straddle the sharp
  leather ridge. She felt split up the middle, sliding back and forth, hoping
  to relieve some of the pain on her labia as the ridge pushed her pussy lips
  apart, her tender, pink insides rubbing on the dry leather ridge. Her wrists
  were grabbed, a tight rope wrapped around, binding them together, then thrown
  over a heavy beam above her, Father John was pulling the rope back down, her
  wrists being forced up into the air until they were stretching up high, Sally
  fearful as it left her youthful breasts so vulnerable.  
"Tie her ankles down," Father John grabbed one ankle, another rope being
  pulled through the ring in the floor, Sally's legs pulling downward, forcing
  her pussy to sit harder on the ridge, Bishop Samuel making short work of her
  other leg. Her naked body perching high on the bench, her pussy split by the
  sharp, leather ridge, her legs spreading wide to the sides, her arms high above
  her head. Her naked body now available for whatever punishment they decided
  to inflict on her. Father John picked up a short, flexible rod made of fiberglass,
  similar to a fishing rod. Pulling the tip back and bending back, then releasing
  it, he let the top of the rod shoot out quickly, slapping hard on the leather
  bench near Sally. "I think something in her mouth would be appropriate," picking
  up her panties and forcing her mouth open, stuffing them deep with one finger,
  her cheeks bulging out. Rubbing his hands over her breasts, first cupping,
  then encircling the resilient flesh, he squeezed, fingertips rubbing the nipples,
  forcing them to stick out, Father John making them better targets for the rod.  
"Over here, Charlotte," Bishop Samuel pulling her down on the chair near
  the bench. "If you don't behave, I will have to do that to you." She was on
  his lap, his hand already unbuttoning her blouse, reaching in to grasp her
  bra-encased breasts, "I'll have to beat these little beauties," his fingers
  already rough with her breasts. "Take off your blouse and bra," eager to manhandle
  her young breasts." Even though he had already cum, his cock was hard again,
  at the thought of the breast punishment Sally was about to receive. Charlotte,
  complying quickly, stripping to the waist as his hands were moving to her naked
  breasts, pinching and prodding the tender flesh, forcing her to squirm her
  ass, rubbing against his lengthening cock beneath her, her sex already wet.  
Father John began lightly tapping on the tender underside of Sally's breasts,
  moving back and forth from one to the other. Flick, flick.   Sally's
  eyes widened as the light tapping that barely hurt at first began to take its
  toll, the rod licking the same spots over and over in a monotonous rhythm,
  the skin turning a light pink. He gripped one of her nipples, pulling up on
  it, exposing more tender flesh underneath, the rod slapping back and forth
  over it. Her nipple stretching as the rod continued its assault, moving on
  to the other breast, that nipple gripped tighter, stretching higher up, the
  rod dancing over the revealed naked flesh.  
 It began to hurt more, Father John hitting harder and hitting the same spot
  over and over. His fingers pinched her nipples hard, making them bigger targets
  which he then released and quickly took advantage of. She felt a fiery pain
  in each tip, the rod striking her squarely on the tender pink nipples, burning.
  Her upper body was shaking and turning, trying to avoid the rod, but Father
  John followed her, delighting in the way her tits were bouncing around, the
  rod striking them over and over again, unerringly finding the nipples and inflicting
  the painful punishment.  
 Charlotte was not fairing much better, Bishop Samuel excited by Sally's
  breast punishment, began taking out his measure of justice on Charlotte, his
  fingers pinching and twisting her nipples as she gasped in pain. "I like how
  you squirm around on my lap, rubbing your cute little bottom on my sword." Then
  he bent down, his mouth encircling one pink tip, closing his lips around it,
  his teeth holding it tightly, his tongue running back and forth over the trapped
  nub.  
 Sally couldn't believe the fiery pain that shot through her nipples when
  Father John struck the hard tips with the rod. How could he do such
  a thing to me?  The rod striking the sensitive tips with such force
  that she shuddered in the tight bondage they had placed her in, her hips moving
  back and forth with the pain, her breasts dancing as she tried to escape each
  successive blow of the rod. But Father John was good at following her body,
  each time seeking out one of her nipples and striking it firmly with the end
  of the rod, the sharp slap of the plastic driving another muffled scream from
  her panty-clogged mouth, tears running down her cheeks. She felt his fingers
  on her nipples, knowing that he was only making sure they were hard for the
  rod, rubbing the sensitive flesh, forcing it to grow. She felt his fingers
  leave, bracing herself for the rod again, tearing a muffled scream from her
  lips as he struck each one harder, the rod slapping harshly across the now
  reddened skin, the rod burying itself deep into her firm flesh.  
 Bishop Samuel's fingers were tearing into Charlotte's breasts, pinching
  and squeezing the firm flesh in a frenzy of lust brought about by Sally's breast
  whipping. He was hoping that the same opportunity would present itself with
  Charlotte, a small indiscretion the only reason he needed to punish her.  
Father John started moving the rod down onto her stomach, slapping at her
  tender abdomen, making her jerk back and forth on the ridge, seeing her pussy
  wet the leather as she slid back and forth. He swung the rod lower, slapping
  it so it hit the top of her slit, seeing her eyes open wide as she silently
  screamed in her gag, as her clit was beat with the rod.  
Unbelievable pain shot up her spine when he hit her clit, then slapping at
  her ass, driving her back and forth, her labia painfully scraping back and
  forth along the sharp ridge, like a knife opening up her pussy. He finally
  stopped, his hands moving up to cup her swollen breasts, the skin now red with
  marks, the nipples hard and sensitive, Sally flinching when his fingers touched
  them. She could feel his hands moving down to her slit, finding her clit and
  rubbing it. His other hand went around to her cheeks, his finger sliding up
  and down her sweat-covered crack until finding her anus.  
"My sword has not visited you here, yet." Pushing with his finger, Father
  John forcefully entered her rectum making her jerk forward, his other hand
  pinching her clit, driving her back down onto the fingertip that was now embedded
  in her hot rectum. "This weekend, you will learn how to pleasure the Lord's
  servant with your backside. Now, I want you to cum for your sister and Bishop
  Samuel." Squeezing her clit harder, he was forcing her to ride back onto his
  finger, trapping it in her hot, buttery insides. Her insides clenching his
  finger tightly as he screwed it in, making her feel the hard knuckles as he
  twisted it side to side.  
At least the pain from the rod had stopped, but it felt like the ridge was
  ruining her for life with Father John forcing her back and forth along the
  sharp edge, her slit rubbing harshly along the leather. And then there was
  the strange fullness of his finger forcing itself up her backside, his knuckles
  bashing against her opening, the rest of his finger moving around her insides
  like a small snake. Sally glanced over at Bishop Samuel and Charlotte, his
  hands abusing her sister's naked breasts as she bounced on his lap, knowing
  the pleasure that Charlotte was forced to give him with her butt rubbing his
  sword. She felt Father John pinch her clit harder, driving his other finger
  deeper inside her. She knew the only way she would be released would be if
  she came for him. Trying to block out the pain of the ridge, she concentrated
  on the finger rubbing her clit to erection, slapping at her swollen bud. A
  spasm passed through her backside, a burning sensation as the finger continued
  to massage the muscle trying to force his finger out. She refused to think
  of Father John pushing his sword up her tiny backside, his finger already causing
  her significant pain.  
Father John leaned forward, sucking on her nipples, his lips surrounding
  the hard flesh, suctioning it into his mouth, his tongue rubbing along the
  beaten flesh. He saw her eyes closing, her hips riding the ridge, her labia
  sliding up and down as he continued fingering her backside. He could see her
  juices coating the leather, knowing that she would cum soon. "Yes, Sally, cum
  for us," he encouraged, his finger rubbing her clit more gently now, his tongue
  lapping at her beaten nipples, his finger burrowing deep in her colon.  
Sally couldn't help herself any longer, her body demanding release, the first
  orgasm shuddering through her body. The pain mixing with pleasure as Father
  John's mouth and fingers sent rippling pleasure through her body when she came,
  flooding the leather ridge with her juices, ashamed as she felt how wet she
  had become. His finger in her butt shoved in deep, twisting and turning in
  her clenching anal tract, the orgasm racing through her body. The second orgasm
  hit when Father John bent his finger in her butt, stretching it wider than
  it had ever been, his other finger playing with her clit. She looked up, humiliated
  when she saw Bishop Samuel and Charlotte watching her intently, Father Samuel
  still playing harshly with Charlotte's breasts, the young flesh now pink from
  abuse.  
"Good girl, Sally." He untied her, her body slumping to the floor as he helped
  her off, his arms holding her up when she struggled to regain her footing. "Both
  of you get ready for bed. We will be in to lead you in your bedtime prayers." Father
  John let his fingers roam over Sally's ass, whispering in her ear, "you will
  have to service my sword before you sleep, Sally. You can show Charlotte how
  to use your God given talent to pleasure the Lord's servants. Now off you go,
  child."  
Bishop Samuel pinched Charlotte's nipple one last time. "Into the bedroom.
  I will be with you shortly," taking her hand and pushing it against his hard
  cock. "You will have to take care of this tonight," watching her breasts bouncing
  as she joined Sally in going into their bedroom.  
&quot;This bed is so big,&quot; Charlotte jumped into the bed, bouncing on
  the soft mattress.&nbsp; Her short nightgown hiking up her thighs, her brief
  panties barely visible.&nbsp; &quot;How did we get so lucky?&quot;  
Sally was not so happy, she knew the truth.&nbsp; &quot;Charlotte, it's big
  enough for four.&nbsp; And, I think sometime soon Father John and Bishop Samuel
  will be joining us.&nbsp; Do you understand what that means?&quot;&nbsp; She
  wasn't sure, but she suspected that they might leave Charlotte alone tonight,
  letting her watch, knowing that it was her that they would be interested in;
  her body that would be taken by them tonight.  
&quot;Are they going to have sex with us, tonight?&nbsp; Both of us?&quot;&nbsp; The
  thought had entered her mind, especially after having sucked the Bishop's cock.&nbsp; When
  she had thought of it, it sounded much cruder than when it was happening.&nbsp; She
  now understood what Sally had done with Father John.&nbsp; The way he played
  with her body after punishing her, that he was so familiar with it, knowing
  now that Sally had submitted to him before.&nbsp; Now, she knew why her sister
  hadn't wanted her to come to the retreat.&nbsp; But, that was not what she
  wanted.&nbsp; She was going to be a nun, serve the Lord.&nbsp; If she had to
  also serve Bishop Samuel, she was willing to do it for God.&nbsp; This was
  her calling in life and Bishop Samuel had promised to help her.  
&quot;I'm not sure about you, but I'm sure they will have sex with me.&nbsp; I'm
  just afraid of both of them, afraid of what they will do to me.&quot;&nbsp; She
  slid her nightgown up her legs, Father John giving both of them the nightgowns,
  realizing that they were short and that she was not given any panties to wear,
  for a reason; Father John making no pretense of what he was expecting from
  her.&nbsp; &quot;It will be even more embarrassing with you here, seeing your
  face as they have me, unable to stop them from doing whatever they with me.&nbsp; I
  wish Mom hadn't made us do this, I wish she understood it better.&quot;  
Sally jumped as the door handle turned, the door slowly opening.&nbsp; Just
  as she suspected, Father John was the first through the door, Bishop Samuel
  following.&nbsp; Both were wearing bathrobes, bulges in the front, their cocks
  already hard at the thought of entering her body.  
&quot;Good evening, girls. It's time for your evening prayers,&quot; Father
  John said, a smile on his face. &quot;Charlotte, you stay over there with Bishop
  Samuel, Sally, over here.&nbsp; I will instruct you in prayer.&quot;&nbsp;  
Bishop Samuel&nbsp;sat down on the bed.&nbsp; &quot;Over here, Charlotte,&quot; watching
  her scrambling to move next to him, his eyes on her short nightgown sliding
  up high on her legs, hoping to catch a glimpse of her panties.  
&quot;Yes Bishop,&quot; quickly settling in next to him.&nbsp; Looking down,
  her nightgown high up on her thighs, her hands trying pull it down, the garment
  too short to cover much.  
Bishop Samuel slid his hand down on Charlotte's thigh, pushing the nightgown
  up higher again. "No need to hide, Charlotte, the Lord has given you a lovely
  body and you must let us celebrate it."  
Sally moved towards Father John, his hands beckoning her closer to the edge.&nbsp; She
  tried as hard as she could to keep her nightgown down but its shortness did
  little to hide her naked legs, afraid that Bishop Samuel could see under it,
  see her naked sex.  
&quot;Kneel on the bed, Sally,&quot; his hands gripping her hips as he turned
  her towards the headboard.&nbsp; He pushed her up tall, her naked breasts beneath
  the nightgown, the nipples pushing out the thin fabric.&nbsp; His hand slid
  down her back, slowly, over the gentle swell of her buttocks, feeling her squirming
  at his touch.&nbsp; &quot;Behave, Sally!&quot;&nbsp; She froze, his hands returning
  to the task of feeling her lovely body.&nbsp; &quot;Much better.&nbsp; You
  must let the Lord celebrate your beautiful body, His masterpiece of perfection,&quot; as
  his hands continued to roam over her buttocks, sliding down to touch her naked
  thighs.&nbsp; &quot;Good girl, Sally, now bow your head in prayer,&quot; his
  other hand pushing down on her back.  
She felt his hands roaming all over her body, knowing that this would not
  be just a prayer session, he intended to use her body again, more humiliating
  this time because Bishop Samuel and Charlotte would be watching, fearing that
  Bishop Samuel might&nbsp;be joining in.&nbsp; She tried to avoid his hands
  until he scolded her, fearing further punishment like earlier tonight, not
  wanting to endure that again.&nbsp; She let his calloused hands continue molesting
  her, moving down onto her naked thighs, his touch harsh.&nbsp; She felt her
  body being pushed down, his other hand still on her naked thighs till she was
  almost on all fours, her short nightgown rising up in the back, his hands following
  her naked skin.&nbsp; She could only imagine how she looked, feeling as if
  she were wagging her naked butt in front of the Bishop.  
&quot;Yes, very lovely, Sally,&quot; Father John sliding his hand up her
  silky thighs, pushing her short nightgown up higher and higher, his hands caressing
  her naked butt, the nightgown now bunched above her waist. Her skin was so
  smooth and silky, her buttocks tight. He pressed down on her head, his other
  hand pushing underneath her, raising her ass up higher. "Arch up for the Lord,
  Sally. Or, would you rather be bound in position?" He watched her push her
  butt out and up, offering up her naked bottom to him.  
She didn't want to be bound, made helpless by Father John with ropes. But
  this was almost as bad, forced into positions that were provocative and highlighted
  her young, naked body, not only to Father John but also Charlotte and Bishop
  Samuel. She pushed her butt into the air, her back sloping sharply downward,
  his hands returning to her naked buttocks.  
"Spread your legs for us, show us God's treasures," Father John urged her,
  his hands sliding down her satiny thighs, moving between them, his strong hands
  pushing out. He watched her knees skidding along the blanket, her pussy peeking
  out from behind, her cheeks parting, the tiny wrinkled hole snuggled tightly
  between them. He moved his hands up her back, sliding the nightgown up higher,
  pulling it over her head, leaving her naked and posed for him. He lay across
  on her back, his hands reaching underneath her to grasp her hanging breasts
  in his big hands. "Do they still hurt?" he whispered, tugging on her nipples,
  hearing soft groans from her lips.  
She could feel his sword beneath his robe sliding along her naked butt, his
  fingers grabbing her swollen nipples, pinching them, the pain of the rod returning.
  Her hips began moving in response to the pain, trying to escape the harsh fingers.  
"Yes child, like that," her ass rubbing along his hard cock. His other hand
  sliding beneath her, cupping her sex in his large palm, pulling her up hard
  against his throbbing cock. "How you tease the Lord with your sex, Sally," his
  hips moving back and forth to rub his pulsating cock on her teenage ass. He
  began humping her, his hips moving back and forth, her body exciting him. Kneeling
  up, he pulled off his robe, his red throbbing cock bobbing in front of him. "I
  can't wait any longer, Sally. It is time to take my sword inside you."  
Bishop Samuel was getting excited watching Father John with Sally. He pulled
  Charlotte closer to him, his hands on her near naked thighs, her short nightgown
  riding high on her legs. He grabbed the hem of the nightgown and began pulling
  up. "Raise your butt up, Charlotte, let me slip your nightgown off," the fabric
  almost ripping as she let the gown slide out from under her, Bishop Samuel
  now free to pull it up and over her head. He looked at her, half naked, her
  breasts so firm, her nipples pointed, still red from the abuse, only a pair
  of thin panties hiding her treasures from his eyes.  
Charlotte was again stripped for the Bishop, an excitement between her legs
  again. She couldn't understand the feelings, ashamed that a man of the cloth
  was sexually exciting her. She watched his hands rubbing over her body, powerful
  hands squeezing her firm breasts as if they were melons to be tested for ripeness.
  Charlotte parted her legs as his hand slid down her naked stomach, knowing
  his hands would go there.  
"Such a good girl you are, Charlotte," his hand slipped into her panties,
  sliding down her abdomen to push into her bush. He yanked on the hair, hearing
  a tiny yelp when he painfully pulled out some of the hairs. "Wider, Charlotte," his
  finger searching out her puffy lips, sliding down between them as her legs
  spread further, giving him complete access to her virgin sex. He nestled his
  finger between her lips, her juices running freely as he began stroking up
  and down the satiny flesh. "Take out my sword and caress it. Watch as Sally
  takes Father John's sword inside her hot body. You will learn to do that, learn
  to please my sword with your hot insides." He settled back, her soft, small
  hand encircling his cock, sliding up and down the thick shaft as he fingered
  her slit, his gaze going back to Father John and Sally.  
"Reach back and put my sword inside you," he ordered Sally, wanting her to
  participate in her own ravishment. His cock shuddering as her hand touched
  him, the light contact almost making him cum. He pushed his hips forward, her
  hand guiding his cock between her legs, sliding the head of his cock up and
  down her slit, along her juices, the unmistakable sign of her arousal at submitting
  to him. "Yes, so good, now put it in inside you, the Lord can't wait any longer." He
  pushed with his hips as he felt her place the head of his cock on her vagina,
  the bulbous head overshadowing the small opening.  
She felt so humiliated, bent over submissively, her butt arching up high
  in the air as if she willingly wanted his sword inside her. She reached between
  her legs, grabbing at his hot member, sliding it up and down her slit as it
  throbbed in her tiny hands. She placed it against the opening to her vagina,
  feeling the rubbery head pulsating, eager to bury itself in her buttery insides.
  She let go of it, grabbing the blankets in her fists, preparing for the painful
  entry. It was not long, Father John pushing with his hips, spearing her pussy
  on his sword, her vagina forced to swallow the head of his sword, trapping
  it tightly inside her opening. She screamed, the entry swift and painful, her
  body shuddering as she was skewered on his powerful sword.  
Was that how it would be when Bishop Samuel takes my virginity?  Charlotte
  felt his sword jumping in her hand as Sally screamed, knowing that he was enjoying
  her sister's discomfort, a hint of what he would do to her when he took her.
  She stroked harder, her hand barely surrounding the girth of his sword, moving
  up and down the shaft, tightening her fingers when she ran over the head, feeling
  it jump in her grasp.  
Father John gripped Sally's hips tightly, his fingers turning her skin white
  as he forced his cock into her tight pussy. "Thank you, Lord," he praised,
  her hot insides gripping his throbbing member so tightly. He pulled Sally back
  onto his cock at the same time pushing in with his hips, feeling her vagina
  fighting the intrusion of his large cock inside her tiny body. Her passage
  was still as tight as a virgin's, having only been entered three times, all
  by Father John. Another groan from her lips, this time over half of his cock
  burying inside her. He pushed out on her thighs, forcing her to spread wider,
  his cock sinking in deeper as she opened up for him. Pulling out, grunting
  as he shoved back in again, her pussy fighting his cock as he tried to bury
  it deep inside her. One more time he pulled out, taking a deep breath and shoving
  back in, this time the powerful thrust burying his giant member deep inside,
  pushing hard against her cervix, his cock pulsating.  
Father John continued his relentless fucking, pushing his cock in and out
  of her vagina, each time pushing deeper and deeper into her tight pussy, making
  her groan as he took her forcefully. Her face skewered in pain, her fists gripping
  the blanket as her once virgin pussy was forced to take his large cock inside
  her tight passage. Her walls were stretching painfully wide to take in the
  thick shaft, the head rubbing up and down her insides. She felt him fucking
  her faster, his cock moving in and out, forced back in with more powerful strokes,
  sliding up and down her slippery insides. She didn't know why, but her pussy
  began to get wetter, aiding his cock's thrusts inside her, making it hurt less
  and less. She felt Father John's hands move around her, slipping down to her
  sex, his hand caressing his cock sliding in and out of her pussy as he continued
  his powerful assault on her teenage pussy; moving up to find her clit hood,
  peeling it back to reveal her hard and swollen clit. She shuddered, pushing
  her ass up, forcing his sword deeper inside her as he touched her love button,
  his finger surprisingly gentle in rubbing it. She began to move her hips back,
  meeting his forward onslaught, taking his powerful thrusts inside her, his
  finger making her body tingle.  
"See how excited Sally is getting in serving the Lord's servant," Bishop
  Samuel commented, his finger still buried in Charlotte's pussy, soaked with
  her juices, realizing she was excited by what was happening to her sister.
  Her hands were stroking his cock as if she had been in training for year to
  do this, just as Sally had been, both naturals. They watched Father John and
  Sally explode in a frenzy of orgasmic bliss, Father John burying his cock deep
  inside Sally, his head thrown up in the air, praising Jesus for the tight pussy
  milking the demon seed from his loins. Sally was wagging her ass side to side
  as she came with the first powerful rush of cum deep inside her, bathing her
  pussy with the Father's hot juices.  
Father John reluctantly pulled out of Sally's pussy, his cock glistening
  with their combined juices, her pussy leaking the thick cum he deposited inside
  her down her thighs. He flipped her quickly onto her back, kneeling over her
  head, gripping her by the chin, pulling her head up to his cock. "Open wide
  and clean my cock, Sally. Praise the Sword of the Lord with your tongue and
  mouth," he ordered, his fingers not giving her a chance as they pushed in,
  opening up her mouth to his flaccid, wet cock, plucking it down onto her waiting
  tongue.  
Sally was forced to lick the cum from his cock, her mouth filling with the
  taste of his thick, salty cum and her own juices. She licked at it obediently,
  his hands holding her head tightly, her lips wrapped around the shrunken flesh.
  She could feel it hardening again, the flesh growing in her mouth.  
Charlotte felt unfulfilled when Bishop Samuel and Father John left Sally
  and her. She wanted Bishop Samuel, no matter how much of a sin it was. He had
  aroused her and made her cum. She wanted to feel his sword inside her virgin
  pussy. She was afraid to say anything to Sally, knowing the Sally didn't enjoy
  what Father John did to her, doing it only to avoid his punishment. "Good night,
  Sally."  
"Good night, Charlotte," Sally said, and then adding, "I'm sorry you had
  to see that," rolling over to sleep, not wanting to discuss it.  
* * * * *  
Sally was startled when the door opened, the booming voice of Father John
  ringing in the room.  
&quot;Rise and shine for the Lord,&quot; he blared out loudly.&nbsp; &quot;Get
  dressed and come into the kitchen for breakfast.&nbsp; We have a full day of
  spiritual leadership and training.&quot; He was carrying two novice uniforms,
  putting them on the bed and instructing, &quot;Put these on.&nbsp; No underwear
  or blouse.&nbsp; Now hurry, the Lord waits for no man."  
Charlotte picked up one of them, a dark blue dress.&nbsp; She had seen some
  of the novices wearing them.&nbsp; A large V cut into the front, but the novices
  were allowed to wear white blouses underneath.&nbsp; They would be naked.&nbsp; Charlotte
  was excited at the thought of it, her breasts would be available to them and
  she was sure that she would quickly feel the hands of Bishop Samuel on them.&nbsp; She
  looked at Sally, seeing a different expression on her face, resigned to another
  day of sexual abuse.&nbsp;  
They quickly freshened up; Charlotte took off her nightgown, sliding her
  panties down her legs.&nbsp; She pulled the dress on, seeing that it was cut
  rather short, much shorter than the novices wore.&nbsp; She looked down at
  the V, noting that if she bent over, her&nbsp;breasts would be bared.  
Sally quickly followed suit, slipping into the dress, feeling the harsh&nbsp;fabric
  against her skin, her nipples hardening as they rubbed on the material.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
  dress was not made to be worn without underwear.&nbsp; &quot;Let's go,&quot; wanting
  so badly to get the day over with, resigned to her fate.  
Father John had breakfast ready for them, a surprisingly excellent breakfast
  of eggs and bacon.&nbsp; He looked up at the girls often, catching quick glimpses
  of naked flesh between the V in their dresses, his cock hard at the thought
  of his hands roaming freely over the lovely&nbsp;firm globes.&nbsp; He smiled
  at Bishop Samuel, who was also eyeing the girls.&nbsp; After breakfast, Father
  John had the girls reading from the bible, Bishop Samuel helping Charlotte,
  Sally his pupil.&nbsp; He sat down next to her, helping her to understand what
  she was reading, watching but not touching her, yet. He kept them busy for
  over three hours, continuing their rote memorization of the bible.  
"You've been doing very well this morning, Sally," Father John said, leaning
  in closer to her. "Put your hands on the table," watching as she glanced up
  at him, complying with his order, the look in her eyes revealing that she knew
  she would have to submit to him again. He put his hands in the V of the dress,
  lightly touching her cleavage, running his finger up and down her silky skin.
  His fingers moved over one plump, ripe breast, squeezing it as if it were a
  ripe cantaloupe, his large hand easily encircling the firm flesh. He became
  more insistent, stepping behind her, reaching down; both of his hands now free
  to explore her teenage tits, pushing aside the dress to bare them to his hands
  and all eyes.  
Her breasts were roughly fondled, Father John's calloused hands gripping
  tightly. She kept her hands on the desk allowing Father John to have his way
  with her body, her breasts now naked, his hands swiftly pushing aside the dress.
  She had to arch her back, Father John grabbing her nipples, pulling them up
  and out, stretching the rubbery flesh until she moaned in pain. She looked
  down, her breasts extending into points, the tips feeling as if they were gripped
  in a vise.  
Father John wanted more, releasing her breasts. "Take off your dress, Sally.
  Bishop Samuel, will you help me with Sally?"  
"Anything for the Lord, Father John. Charlotte, take off your dress, as well.
  The Lord wants both of you as you came into the world, naked."  
Both girls stripped off their dresses, their naked bodies revealed again.
  Charlotte was hoping that Bishop Samuel would take her virginity with his sword;
  Sally afraid of what the two of them were going to do with her, afraid that
  two swords would be placed in her body. They were pushed into the bedroom,
  Bishop Samuel the first in, dropping his robe, his hard cock bouncing as he
  got on the bed. He laid back, his erect cock held up high by his fist, the
  throbbing head a dark red.  
"Sally, kneel on the bed and straddle Bishop Samuel." Helping her spread
  her knees wide around Bishop Samuel's hips, her pussy and cheeks parting, revealing
  not only her pink pussy, but also the tiny wrinkled opening of her anus. Father
  John let his hands slip between her legs from behind, moving a thick finger
  up and down her slit. "Can you get wet for the Lord, Sally?"  
She felt the finger between her legs, pushing apart her lips, sawing up and
  down her silky insides. He was expecting her to get wet, wet so that Bishop
  Samuel would have an easier time getting his hard weapon inside her. She closed
  her eyes, dreaming that it was a lover who was doing it to her, anything to
  mask the reality of the situation. She began to feel a tingling in her sex,
  two fingers now pushing apart her lips, running up and down, his other hand
  caressing her buttocks. She felt so ashamed at what they were making her do,
  forcing her to lubricate her vagina so that they could have their pleasure
  with her.  
"She's ready, Bishop Samuel. I expect she will be hot and tight for your
  sword." Father John pulled Sally up higher, moving her hips towards the large
  cock that jutted up in front of her, Bishop Samuel stroking it as he held it
  up for her to sit on. "Now take his blessed sword, Sally, and put it between
  your legs. Your evil body has aroused the Bishop; you must now service him
  in repentance."  
She rose up higher, her hands reaching down and touching the Bishop's sword,
  both of her hands holding it straight up into the air, feeling it jerk and
  throb beneath her fingers. She rubbed the dark red head along her slit, looking
  down and seeing it spread her lips apart, drops of his seed glistening in the
  bright lights of the room. She pressed it against her vagina, pushing down
  with her hips, stretching open to take it inside. His sword was thicker than
  Father John's, the head slowly forcing her opening to stretch quite wide to
  accept it. She felt Father John's hands leave her hips, but return to her buttocks,
  stroking her cheeks as she pushed down harder, accepting the thick sword. She
  moaned in pain as she looked down, the head almost all the way in, her opening
  stretching tightly around it.  
"Good girl, Sally, just a little bit more and you will have the head in,
  push down," his hands moving to her shoulders, forcing her down onto the Bishop's
  cock. A tiny yelp escaping from Sally's lips as the head popped inside her.
  His hands moving back down to her buttocks, his fingers eager to explore where
  his cock would soon be. He saw her turn and look at him when his finger ran
  down her slit in back, over her anus, the tiny hole quivering. "Take it deeper
  now, Sally, you have to draw out the demon seed. Squeeze him with your evil
  body. Make him dump his demon seed inside you." His finger circled her anus,
  the wrinkled hole opening and closing as it began to spasm, not used to being
  touched so intimately. He smiled at the look she gave him as she suffered his
  rude fondling, but the thick cock entering her pussy took her attention away.  
She felt the Bishop's sword pushing deeper, looking down to see half of it
  already inside her, stretching her open. She spread her knees wider, hoping
  to relieve some of the pressure. She pulled up, feeling the bulbous head dragging
  from her pussy, then pushed down again, her weight driving his sword deeper
  into her body this time. She did it again, feeling her pussy opening to take
  it deeper, clenching onto the rigid flesh between her legs.  
"So hot and tight, Sally. The Lord blessed you with such a nice body." He
  watched her fucking up and down his shaft, her titties bouncing as she took
  his cock deeper and deeper, feeling like her pussy was going to squeeze his
  cock to death. She now had three quarters of it inside her, Father John giving
  Bishop Samuel the nod. Bishop Samuel, reaching up, stroked her breasts, grabbing
  her nipples with three fingers and began to tighten, her eyes opening wide.
  Pulling them toward him, he watched them stretch. "Bend over," he ordered,
  his fingers yanking her nipples down painfully.  
Sally had no choice but to bend, his fingers digging painfully into her nipples,
  a fiery pain shooting through her chest. He let go of them as her breasts brushed
  his chest, his arms moving behind her, pulling her tightly against him, pinning
  her arms to her side as he did. It hurt as his cock inside her bent, pushing
  against places in her pussy that had never been touched before. Her bush was
  now pressed against his abdomen, his cock burying deep inside her, jerking
  and jumping as she squirmed. She grew afraid when she felt Father John's hands
  begin to roam over her butt again. With her arms pinned, she couldn't defend
  herself.  
"Charlotte, bring me that bottle of holy oil," pointing to a glass bottle
  of a clear, thick oil that was sitting on the corner table.  
Charlotte grabbed it quickly, bringing it to Father John, hoping that she
  might get to participate, wishing that it was Bishop Samuel inside her vagina
  instead of Sally's.  
"Pour it on Sally's butt," he ordered, his fingers moving to each side of
  her cheeks, pulling outward, Sally's cheeks parting even as she was fighting
  him.  
"What are you going to do?" Sally was panicked, feeling the cool oil spread
  over her butt, especially between her cheeks, her anus puckering from the cool
  liquid flowing over it. Bishop Samuel began to stroke harder with his sword,
  his hips driving deep inside her, pushing her butt into Father John's hands.  
"Take care of Bishop Samuel's sword, Sally. Tighten up your body on it. Show
  the Lord how you take care of His servants." He spread her cheeks apart harshly,
  exposing her anus. He pulled out more, her hole opening, Charlotte taking advantage
  of it and pouring the oil directly on it. Running his finger over her anus,
  he could feel her shiver. He found the opening, his slick finger, plunging
  deep into her rectum with a powerful thrust, her muscle fighting to keep him
  out.  
"OOOWWW!" The finger inside her rectum hurt at first, driving her down onto
  Bishop Samuel's sword, forcing it to bang painfully against her cervix, like
  it a stake driving through her body. Her hips were moving side to side, trying
  to escape the finger that continued moving around inside her anal tract, her
  body unable to prevent the lubricated digit. She knew he was going to sodomize
  her. It would be bad enough to take a sword up her backside, but they would
  split her up the middle if she had to take both of them at the same time. "You'll
  kill me with it," tears flowing down her cheeks, as one finger became two,
  the Bishop's sword beginning to push in and out faster.  
"The Lord wants you to give all of your body to His servants." Pulling his
  finger out, he grabbed Sally's ankles, pulling her legs back, pushing down
  on her ass, forcing the Bishop's cock deep inside her. He spread her legs wider,
  knowing they were aching from the widespread stance, but he needed to get between
  the Bishop's legs and hers. He settled down on Sally's back, his hand underneath
  his body, grabbing his hard cock and sliding it up and down her crack. His
  hips began to move back and forth, his hands pushing her cheeks together, making
  a nice tight fit for his cock.  
She could feel his sword sliding along her crack, the head rubbing harshly
  over her anus. It felt even bigger than before, afraid of where he was going
  to put it. Bishop Samuel seemed content underneath her, his cock pulsating
  in her pussy, letting her vaginal walls do all the work of massaging his cock.
  She felt the heavy weight of Father John settling down on top of her, trapping
  her naked body between these two men of the cloth. Hands were gripping her
  ass cheeks and pulling them apart, feeling her crack stretch painfully wide.
  She felt the rubbery cock head against her wrinkled opening, the slick monster
  pressing against it. "Slowly," she begged, resigned to the fate of being sodomized
  and taken in both of her holes at one time, hoping to avoid as much pain as
  possible.  
"Yes, accept it, my child," Father John whispered in her ear. "Push out like
  you are having a bowel movement, it will open up nicely for my sword." He began
  pushing down with his hips, feeding his hard cock up her backside. She pushed
  back, trapped between them, accepting her fate, aiding in her own sodomy.  
She screamed in pain, the initial thrust of his sword pushing his cock head
  into her hot, clenching rectum. "God, its sooo big!" she cried, trying to push
  back again, hoping to relieve some of the burning from the sodomy.  
Father John was too impatient, the feel of her hot, tight teenage asshole
  clutching painfully onto his cock head almost too much for him, afraid he would
  cum too soon. He wanted her to feel the full measure of his cock, wanting to
  bathe her colon with his hot, demon seed. His fingers dug into her cheeks,
  his hips pushing forward in the relentless pursuit of the depths of her bowels.
  His cock pumped into her in jerking motions, pulling out, then back in, each
  time going deeper, each time discovering new parts of her anal tract. He sent
  his cock into the buttery depths of her bowels, gripped by her cramping ass
  muscles as it was sinking inside her.  
It felt so huge; her anal tract feeling like it was being torn, trembling
  as she took his sword up her gut in sharp, jerking shoves. The thick sword
  had her squirming beneath him, her anus stretching wider, grasping the shaft
  of his sword like a tight ring gliding up and down the thick member. "Ggghh!" she
  cried, tears running down her cheeks, her stomach cramping, the thick cockhead,
  a fullness deep inside her stretched colon. She could feel his cock jerk, a
  tiny gasp from her lips each time he did.  
"The Lord has given you such a tight backside to please His servant, Sally.
  Now, I want you to squeeze both of our organs with your tight insides. Do a
  good job and we will reward you with our seed." He couldn't wait any longer,
  pulling his cock out, grunting as her ass muscles fought the big head, creating
  a giant vacuum behind it. He pulled out until her clenching anus gripped only
  the head, her rectum fighting to push the rest out. He then plunged back in,
  hearing the groan of pain coming from Sally's lips as her colon was forced
  to stretch to take the thick cock back in once again. He began fucking her,
  her muscles milking his cock as he did.  
Bishop Samuel was no longer idle; two Swords of God ravishing Sally's body.
  They were splitting her up the middle, each pushing in at the same time, each
  trying to outdo the other, pushing in farther than their cocks should go. They
  both hit bottom at the same time, Bishop Samuel's sword banging harshly against
  her cervix, Father John's sword burying itself deep into her cramping colon.
  Her cries and groans of pain seem only to provoke them into greater lust, their
  cocks now coordinating their efforts, one pushing in while the other pulled
  out. The area between her legs was constantly filled with a sword, each jerking
  around inside her.  
"Charlotte, get behind Father John and use your tongue on his anus while
  your hands milk his testicles," Bishop Samuel ordered her.  
Charlotte was so hot from watching the ravishment of Sally, wishing that
  it were her that had Bishop Samuel's cock in her pussy. She got behind Father
  John, her fingers spreading apart the cheeks of his butt, opening up his anus
  to her gaze. She cringed at the thought of the degrading act she was about
  to perform, but she couldn't disappoint the Lord's servants. She closed her
  eyes, pushing her face between his cheeks, her tongue out and poised. She felt
  him quivering beneath her when her hot, wet tongue hit his opening, her fingers
  peeling him wider, the hole opening, her tongue rigid, pushing into the hot,
  depths of his rectum. She gagged at the tastes, fighting the urge to stop,
  so eager to please the Bishop, her tongue moving back and forth over the foul-tasting
  opening. Her hands reaching down to his testicles, feeling the cum-swollen
  balls in her hands and beginning a gentle squeezing motion that seemed to drive
  Father John's hip back and forth into her sister at a faster pace. She let
  her hand slip down between her legs, masturbating her pussy as she rimmed Father
  John.  
The pain began to diminish, the almost gratifying fullness of being stuffed
  replacing it. It felt like one giant hole between her legs, barely able to
  distinguish where each sword was pushing in and where one pulled out. Her clit
  banged by Bishop Samuels' pubic bone, his hips sliding back and forth as he
  fucked up with his sword, making her take all of him inside her. She couldn't
  control the spasms in her anus, forcing her pussy to squeeze on Bishop Samuel's
  sword, a fiery feeling in her backside as the sodomy continued. She grunted
  and groaned through the long minutes of her duel ravishment. Father John's
  hand slipped beneath her body, searching out and finding her clit. Two fingers
  spread back her clit hood, exposing her swollen bud to his other fingers, pinching
  it tightly. She began to buck beneath them, a growing feeling of pleasure spreading
  through her body, confused that she could be enjoying the vaginal and anal
  penetration by the two servants of the Lord.  
The room was filled with the sounds of rapture, the slapping of naked flesh,
  the groans of pleasure and lust as the three of them&mdash;aided by Charlotte's
  tongue and fingers&mdash;came. And came together, both swords buried deep inside
  the young body of Sally, growing larger as they stirred. Three cries of joy
  rang out as Sally received the demon seed of both men. Bishop Samuel dumped
  his hot seed inside her pussy, Father John quickly followed suit, bathing her
  bowels with his salty seed, burning the abraded anal tract. Sally came as her
  body filled with a gallon of cum, quivering and shaking in an explosive orgasm
  that rocked her body. Finally, all three bodies slumped down, drained, their
  sexual ardor temporarily sated.  
Sally felt Father John pulling his rapidly deflating sword from her backside,
  a small fart sounding as the air escaped from the vacuum created by the thick
  member. She felt a rush of cum leak from her anus, running down the inside
  of her thighs. Bishop Samuel pushed her over, pulling his cock from her pussy,
  coated in the sheen of glistening cum.  
"Charlotte, come over here and clean our swords with your mouth. Father John's
  included." He pulled her over to Father John, pushing her head down onto his
  lap, her mouth rebelliously open as she stared at the flaccid penis, covered
  in cum and tiny specks.  
Gagging as the limp sword entered her mouth, her lips wrapping around the
  limp flesh. Her tongue touching it, the foul taste filled her mouth, gulping
  as she tried to get rid it.  
"After lunch it will be time for confessions and acts of contrition. Charlotte
  will learn to use her body in the Lord's work and also to suffer under the
  hand of God."  
To be Continued  









The Priest Teaches His Flock

Chapter 12- Conclusion

By Powerone

Copyright 2006

 

The Summary: Father John is transferred to his third parish.&nbsp; Each time he was caught molesting his parishioners.&nbsp; Bishop Samuel and Father John take the sisters Sally and Charlotte for a weekend retreat of serving the Lord and his servants, their bodies used in many ways in the Lords work.&nbsp; 



Keywords: M/F, reluc, nc, anal, oral, humil, young





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte could barely eat, wanting to slip her hands under her dress and masturbate.&nbsp; She had been aroused too many times by Bishop Samuel and Father John, each time she wasnt allowed to have an orgasm.&nbsp; She still remembered how Bishop Samuel had made her cum when he was giving her private lessons.&nbsp; She wanted to serve the Lord and Bishop Samuel in whatever manner they wanted, even if it meant giving up her virginity to him.&nbsp; In fact she almost welcomed it.&nbsp; It was the ultimate gift in serving the Lord, to give her virginity to God.&nbsp; Sally was quiet during lunch.&nbsp; They had both taken her, their swords entering her in both passages until they filled her with their seed.&nbsp; Charlotte could see that she didnt relish serving the Lord as Charlotte would. She only wished that she could be as lucky as Sally.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Clean up the table girls.&nbsp; Its time to worship the Lord and his servants.&nbsp; Bishop Samuel couldnt wait much longer to find out how willing Charlotte would be in serving him and the Lord.&nbsp; He wanted to be inside her hot, tight pussy with his cock as she lay beneath him, taking his powerful strokes.&nbsp; His cock bulged out the front of his robe.&nbsp; He saw Charlottes eyes staring at it, her tongue moving out to lick her lips as if in anticipation.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte hurried to finish the chore, her thighs clenched tightly together, wanting so much to feel the Bishop between her legs.&nbsp; She almost had an orgasm when she heard his order.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Over here Charlotte.&nbsp; Stand in front of me and take off your clothes.&nbsp; Show the Lord what a beautiful body you have.&nbsp; His hand went to the front of his robe, no longer even attempting to hide his arousal.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte was embarrassed to take off her clothes in front of her sister, her body not as mature as hers, her breasts not as large, her hips not as full.&nbsp; She tried to put her sister out of her mind, glad that Sally had a seat behind her with Father John.&nbsp; She stood within inches of Bishop Samuel, slowly unbuttoning the straps that held the dark blue novice dress.&nbsp; She let the straps fall off of her arms, the dress leaving her naked to the waist.&nbsp; She made no attempt to cover her naked breasts, sliding the dress down her legs until it fell to the floor at her feet.&nbsp; She kicked it aside, standing in front of Bishop Samuel in all Gods glory, naked, the way God had created her.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel moved closer to Charlotte, admiring her lovely breasts.&nbsp; Her nipples were already hard, the harsh material of the dress partly responsible for teasing them that way, sure that her arousal made them that way.&nbsp; She had a hairy bush, her thighs still clenched tightly together.&nbsp; He touched her stomach, feeling her jerk as if shocked by a lightening bolt.&nbsp; Calm down Charlotte.&nbsp; I just want to explore the body God gave you.&nbsp; His hand slid down her stomach.&nbsp; Spread your legs for the Lord.&nbsp; His hand slid between her thighs, urging them wider and wider until he was satisfied by the wide expanse.&nbsp; His hand moved up her silky inner thighs, feeling the muscles trembling beneath his touch.&nbsp; He stopped short of her pussy, teasing along the crease of her legs.&nbsp; He inhaled the scent of a girl in heat.&nbsp; She would make an excellent nun, ready and willing to service all of the priests in the name of the Lord.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte felt her pussy getting wet as Bishop Samuels fingers lightly touched her bush, sending tiny tremors down each follicle.&nbsp; She couldnt wait to have him touch her, her widely spaced legs giving him ample room, the juices running freely down her thighs.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Are you ready to serve the Lord, Charlotte?&nbsp; His fingers didnt even wait for an answer, pushing aside her abundant bush to find her labia, his fingers gripping her and pinching her lips together.&nbsp; She almost jumped away when he touched her, Charlotte forcing herself to stay still for him.&nbsp; His fingers slid up and down her lips, squeezing them as he did.&nbsp; He stopped, his fingers gripping each lip and slowly spread her open for his intimate inspection, peeling her lips back until he was tugging them wide open. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His fingers were not gentle, not what she had expected.&nbsp; He pinched her labia before he spread her lips open, yanked wide open until they ached.&nbsp; She shuffled her legs open wider, hoping to relived some of the pressure, Bishop Samuel only pulling wider.&nbsp; She looked down, his face only inches from her sex, his hot breath blowing on her.&nbsp; She trembled as she saw his tongue snake out of his mouth, bracing herself for the touch.&nbsp; GGGGGODDD, she cried out in ecstasy, no amount of preparation could have gotten her ready for the exquisite touch of his tongue on her pussy.&nbsp; Her legs almost collapsed as his tongue slid up and down her slit, the pleasure too difficult to even describe. Thank you Lord!&nbsp; Her body trembled as Bishop Samuels tongue explored her sex so intimately, his tongue sliding up and down her slit, his fingers keeping her spread wide.&nbsp; OH GOD, she exclaimed loudly.&nbsp; His tongue had stiffened, pressed against her virgin hole and rimmed the tight hole sending shudders through her body.&nbsp; If it werent for his hand on her ass she would have fallen down, his tongue sending exquisite tremors through her young body.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuels lips were covered in her juices, her pussy putting out an abundant supply of delicious crme.&nbsp; He pressed on her ass, sending her pussy into his waiting tongue, the stiff flesh pushing into her virgin hole.&nbsp; Her muscles fought the intrusion, gripping his tongue as he pushed in deeper in until he found her hymen, the final barrier to the hot, tight depths of her pussy.&nbsp; She wouldnt last much longer, his tongue exciting her quickly, her body close to exploding.&nbsp; He pulled his tongue reluctantly from her vagina, his fingers moving up to peel back her clit hood, the hard red bud pulsating with desire.&nbsp; He lapped her slit all the way to her clit, his lips closing around her hardened bud and suddenly sucking it deep into his mouth.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Praise the Lord, Charlottes hands reaching down and grabbed Bishop Samuels head and pulled him up against her pussy.&nbsp; He had wrapped his lips around her pleasure button, the hard little button that she played with late at night in bed, her fingers snapping at it until her body crumbled under an orgasm.&nbsp; His mouth sucked her clit in like a vacuum cleaner, drawing it deep into the hot confines of his mouth.&nbsp; She came when his tongue lashed across it, slapping it back and forth while his lips held it tightly.&nbsp; Take me Bishop Samuel she screamed in ecstasy, her juices freely flowing as her pleasure button was attacked by his tongue.&nbsp; She felt ashamed as she came, knowing she was juicing in the Bishops mouth, but his tongue continued to ravage her clit, her body shaking and trembling as the orgasms raced through her young body.&nbsp; She had never felt anything like it before, not even under her own solo masturbation, her hands rubbing the Bishops face back and forth over her sex, unable to control her own emotions.&nbsp; Her only concern was the increasing orgasms that raced through her body.&nbsp; She was finally spent, sinking to her knees, her hands leaving Bishop Samuels head.&nbsp; Ashamed, she hid her face.&nbsp; Im so sorry Bishop Samuel.&nbsp; I dont know what came over me, she blurted out.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Devil took over your body Charlotte.&nbsp; I will have to purge you with the Sword of God.&nbsp; He quickly threw off his robe, his hard cock jutting out in front.&nbsp; He lifted up her chin until it was inches from his cock.&nbsp; Kiss my sword Charlotte.&nbsp; The only way to purge you is for you to give your virginity to the Lord.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She looked up at his throbbing member, licking her lips.&nbsp; Yes Bishop Samuel.&nbsp; Let me serve the Lord with my worthless body.&nbsp; She wrapped her lips around his hot flesh, drawing it into her mouth, her tongue lapping at it.&nbsp; She looked up at him, her innocent eyes staring into his.&nbsp; His hands drew her head farther onto his member, forcing it in and out of her mouth, her tongue running up and down the thick shaft, feeling the throbbing veins running along the shaft.&nbsp; MMMGG, she could only mumble, her small mouth filled with his hot flesh.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She sucked his cock like a whore, her enthusiasm making up for her inexperience.&nbsp; He hated to stop her, but he wanted to cum in her virgin hole.&nbsp; On the bed child.&nbsp; It is time for you to receive Gods sword.&nbsp; He pulled her up by the hair, laying her down on the bed.&nbsp; Spread your legs for the Lord.&nbsp; Show him the dark, hot hole that he will use to purge the Devil from your body.&nbsp; His cock throbbed as she lay down, her naked body spreading for him, her pussy opening up until he could almost see inside her forbidden hole.&nbsp; Peel your lips back and use your fingers to get wet.&nbsp; His stroked his cock as she began to masturbate, her fingers glistening with her juices.&nbsp; She might have just cum, but she was already aroused again, her hips beginning a gentle fucking motion.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She looked at his member, so thick and hard.&nbsp; She wasnt sure how he would get it inside her, but she didnt care any longer, her body was the Lords now.&nbsp; She was already wet in spite of her orgasm, the thought of Bishop Samuel taking her virginity for the Lord arousing her.&nbsp; Please, take my virginity for the Lord, Bishop Samuel.&nbsp; He climbed between her legs, Charlotte spreading her thighs farther open until they ached, her eyes glued to the thick member that jerked so close to her vagina.&nbsp; She didnt hesitate, gripping his member in both of her hands, guiding it to her sex, rubbing the hot head up and down her slit.&nbsp; She almost came when she felt her sex fold back, her lips closing over the hot head as it pulsated on her pussy.&nbsp; She couldnt wait any longer, taking the huge head and placing it against her small opening.&nbsp; Its so big, she exclaimed when she felt it pulsating against her tight hole.&nbsp; She arched her hips up, wanting to feel it deep in her virgin body, but at the same time afraid of the pain that she would feel when it ripped through her hymen.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes it is Child.&nbsp; But you can take it.&nbsp; For the Lord.&nbsp; He began to push with his hips, the thick head of his cock breaching the tight opening, watching her hole slowly spread wide to take it in.&nbsp; He held her tight as his hips pushed harder, her muscles fighting the intrusion.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; EEEEEGGGG, she screamed out in pain, the thick member breaching her opening, her hole feeling as it he were tearing it.&nbsp; She tried to sink her butt deeper into the mattress but his hips continued to follow her, forcing her to take more of the hot member.&nbsp; She could feel it jerking in pleasure as it sought to breach her.&nbsp; Then she felt it, the thick head pushed against her hymen, feeling the thin membrane stretch as he continued to press forward.&nbsp; Her pussy was stretched taut across the thick head of Bishop Samuels cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel couldnt wait any longer.&nbsp; His muscles tightened and he pushed into her with a powerful thrust of his hips, his cock tearing through her hymen as if it were butter.&nbsp; Take the Lords Sword Charlotte, he yelled out as he took her innocence in a brutal thrust of his cock, burying half of his hard cock inside her violated hole.&nbsp; He pushed his body down on hers as he took her virginity from her.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh God, No!&nbsp; It hurt terribly, her insides feeling torn as his brutal weapon thrust into her virgin passage, her muscles pushed aside in submission by the hot, throbbing member.&nbsp; She could feel the wetness, knowing that it was her virgin blood that aided his weapons entry inside her, his hands sliding underneath her, gripping her naked butt and forcing her up, his member waiting, sliding deeper inside her.&nbsp; His body was pressed against hers, her pointed nipples rubbed by his hairy chest.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel loved the look of pain and surprise on her face as she was suddenly and brutally impaled on his cock.&nbsp; She would never forget this day, the day when she gave her innocence to the Lord.&nbsp; He pulled his cock out until only the head was gripped by her tight hole, seeing his shaft coated pink with her virgin blood.&nbsp; He shoved back in again, her muscles gripping his cock as he pushed into her virgin passage, his powerful weapon pushing aside all resistance as he took her.&nbsp; Each time he stroked in he would go deeper, pulling out slowly, drawing her insides with each stroke.&nbsp; Then he would shove back in, making her take his cock in a powerful stroke that made her luscious tits dance up and down on her chest.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He didnt stop; his member sliding in and out, her body rocketed by his powerful thrusts.&nbsp; It took her breath away when he buried his cock deep inside her, feeling the head of his member slamming hard against her cervix, making her take the full measure of his sword.&nbsp; He didnt pause for more than a second before he drew it out, her insides caving in behind the departing member.&nbsp; When only the head was still inside her, jerking in pleasure, he would clench his muscles and thrust back into her with a powerful force that pinned her to the bed like a butterfly.&nbsp; It hurt, but felt good all at the same time, her young body confused.&nbsp; It was the Lords work she was doing, her body sacrificed for the Lord.&nbsp; It felt huge inside her, pushing aside her insides as his sword ruthlessly took her with his powerful strokes.&nbsp; So that is what it felt like, feeling the throbbing flesh jerking in pleasure inside her.&nbsp; Bishop Samuel was panting above her, his hips a blur as he took her, his testicles banging against her backside with each powerful stroke.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please the Lord Child.&nbsp; Squeeze his sword with your body.&nbsp; He enjoyed her hot, tight pussy, his balls tingling as he rode her for all that he was worth.&nbsp; But he wanted more from her, wanting to test her submission to the Lords work.&nbsp; His hands crawled under her ass, gripping her cheeks, feeling the muscles tighten, his cock feeling as if it were caught in a vise.&nbsp; Oh yes, Child.&nbsp; So good.&nbsp; Again.&nbsp; His fingers dug into her cheeks, tearing them apart, his finger searching out her hot asshole.&nbsp; He found the sweat drenched hole, his finger pushed against it as her ass arched up to escape the rude plundering of her backside.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It hurt when she squeezed him, but it made Bishop Samuel so happy, his sword jerking and jumping inside her.&nbsp; His hands scratched her butt cheeks as his fingers dug into her tender flesh, forcing her to arch up, driving his sword deeper into her pussy.&nbsp; It felt like her anus burning, his fingers drawing apart her cheeks until her hole began to stretch open.&nbsp; She swung her hips side to side to escape the fingers that clawed between her cheeks, only succeeding in pleasuring the sword that continued to ravish her body.&nbsp; NNNOOO!&nbsp; His finger had touched her backside, touching her in that forbidden place.&nbsp; She had watched Father John take Sally in her backside, seeing the look of pain etched in her face as his sword tore into her defenseless hole.&nbsp; Now Bishop Samuel had his finger pressing against her tiny hole, feeling her muscles already fighting to keep it out.&nbsp; The finger moved over her hole almost as if it was caressing it, running around the hole until it settled on the center of it, her muscles fighting as it began to press harder.&nbsp; UUUGGGH!&nbsp; She cried out in pain, her butt rising up so high that his sword bashed painfully against her cervix, feeling as if it was going to come out her mouth.&nbsp; The finger had entered her unceremoniously, thrusting dryly into her backside, burning as her hole stretched to take the thick finger.&nbsp; It began to move deeper until she felt it pushing against her rectal muscles, making her stomach cramp unexpectedly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her asshole was as hot as her pussy, her muscles clamping down tightly as he thrust into her rectum.&nbsp; He drove his cock into her, her body buffeted by his twin probes.&nbsp; He began to fuck her harder, his balls ready to dump his cum inside her.&nbsp; Pleasure me Child, he ordered her as he fucked her hard.&nbsp; Receive the Lords seed inside you.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was being skewered on both ends, his finger deep inside her backside, the uncomfortable feeling at having something moving around inside a passage not meant to be entered.&nbsp; At the same time his sword continued to plunder her once virgin passage, eliciting such exquisite pleasures from her untrained body.&nbsp; She squeezed tightly on his sword even though it carried over into her backside, her muscles involuntarily tightening on the finger inside her.&nbsp; She wanted to please Bishop Samuel but she also felt the first tingling of an orgasm approaching.&nbsp; She began to move her hips in spite of forcing his finger deeper into her rectum.&nbsp; Or maybe it was because of it, a deep masochistic thrill racing through her body as she served the Lord.&nbsp; His sword continued to ravish her body, moving faster and faster inside her, taking her so completely, Bishop Samuel making her take the full measure of his sword.&nbsp; She tightened her muscles on his sword, feeling it jerk inside her.&nbsp; He plunged it deep inside her, so deep she thought it would meet his finger in her backside.&nbsp; He stopped and then she felt it.&nbsp; It seemed to get bigger inside her, stretching her.&nbsp; It began to shoot inside her, Charlotte feeling for the first time the blast of seed bathing her once virgin passage.&nbsp; It was hot, feeling as if it were scalding her insides.&nbsp; She rubbed her body back and forth against him, feeling his flesh against her clit, the pleasure button hard and waiting.&nbsp; She felt her body cumming just in time to feel the second blast of seed pounding against her womb.&nbsp; Her butt pushed back, driving the finger deep into her bowels as her head grew dizzy in pleasure, her nipples hard and sensitive rubbed harshly by his hairy chest.&nbsp; She couldnt control her own muscles, her body shaking and jumping under his, the pleasure racing to her brain as she trembled under her first orgasm induced by the sword deep inside her.&nbsp; Praise the Lord, she screamed out so loud that even Bishop Samuel was taken back.&nbsp; His cock pulled out and then plunged back in, spewing his hot seed inside her body, mixing with her juices as she came with him.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her pussy felt like a blast furnace, her muscles clenching so tight on his cock that he grunted each time he fucked back in.&nbsp; He skewered her asshole on his thick finger, rubbing her muscles salaciously as it drove her hips high into the air, plunging his cock so deep he thought it would come out the other end.&nbsp; He couldnt contain himself any longer, driving his cock deep inside her, feeling her clench onto his cock as the cum rushed from his balls to bath her womb with his seed.&nbsp; Take the Lords seed Child, he screamed out in pleasure, dumping his cum deep inside her.&nbsp; He held her tightly against him as she began to cum with him, their juices mixing deep inside her young body, holding her trembling body.&nbsp; Yes Charlotte.&nbsp; Cum with the Lord.&nbsp; Receive his seed inside you.&nbsp; They both finally collapsed, Bishop Samuel dragging his cock from her wet pussy, sitting up as Charlotte tried to catch her breath.&nbsp; He looked down at her, her lovely body covered in sweat, her bush drenched in his juices, her eyes closed, her breathing ragged.&nbsp; He pushed her wet hair from her face.&nbsp; You serve the Lord well Charlotte.&nbsp; You will make an excellent Novice.&nbsp; He moved over her head, learning over until his limp cock rubbed across her lips.&nbsp; Clean the Lords sword, he ordered her, his fingers opening up her lips until his soiled cock entered the hot confines of her mouth.&nbsp; He felt it begin to grow, her tongue moving over the head, licking it to hardness again.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She hated the taste of his sword, knowing that it was covered in his juices and the blood from her innocence, but she suffered, her tongue licking the limp flesh, tasting the salty, metallic tasting fluid from his organ.&nbsp; She felt it growing in her mouth, feeling so proud that she could do such a thing to a powerful Bishop.&nbsp; She looked over at Sally.&nbsp; Her hands were stroking Father Johns sword, the head of it glistening in juices as he watched Charlotte perform with Bishop Samuel.&nbsp; Sallys other hand cupped his testicles while Father Johns hand was busy between her legs.&nbsp; Charlotte couldnt see where Father Johns fingers were, but she assumed it was up Sallys backside, the look of distaste on Sallys face.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It didnt take Bishop Samuel very long to get hard again, Charlotte quickly finding her mouth stretched to the limit as it grew inside her cheeks.&nbsp; She tightened her lips around the thick shaft; her tongue lapping at it as a cat would, hoping to please him.&nbsp; He pulled his sword out of her mouth, Charlotte disappointed as she felt the emptiness.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel saw the look on Charlottes face.&nbsp; Do not despair Child.&nbsp; You will have another chance to serve the Lord.&nbsp; He stroked his cock, seeing her face brighten up again. She had cum under his cock, wanting more of the same now that she learned the pleasures his cock could bring.&nbsp; You still have one more virgin hole to give to the Lord.&nbsp; His cock jerked in pleasure at the thought of snuggling up in her hot, tight asshole.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte knew it would hurt when he took her in her backside, noticing the pained look on Sallys face when they both took her.&nbsp; But that didnt persuade her away, the thought that Bishop Samuel would make her cum again and the gift of her virginity that she would be giving the Lord making it worthwhile.&nbsp; She had so much to give to the Lord.&nbsp; My body is to serve the Lord and his servants.&nbsp; I will do whatever is required of me.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel was eager to explore her.&nbsp; On the bed.&nbsp; He ordered her, watching as she climbed onto the large bed.&nbsp; On your stomach.&nbsp; He admired her firm, taut ass cheeks and the way they seemed to arch up.&nbsp; Yes, such a lovely body Charlotte.&nbsp; He gripped one of her ankles, spreading her ankle to the far side of the bed.&nbsp; He moved to the other side, standing between her legs as he yanked the other harshly, spreading it wide until she spread like a wish bone.&nbsp; He could see her tiny asshole peeking out from between her cheeks, pulling her leg wider until the crease all but disappeared, the tiny puckered hole barely visible.&nbsp; Your backside will please my sword Charlotte.&nbsp; He slipped between her wide-spread legs, crawling on his knees, his thick cock jutting out in front, hard as a rock from the sight of her virgin hole.&nbsp; He bent over her ass, his hands gripping her hips and pulling her ass up submissively.&nbsp; He liked the way she looked, her ass arched up, his hand smothering down her back, positioned as if she were offering up her asshole for sacrifice.&nbsp; This is exactly what she was doing.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She felt so vulnerable, her legs aching as Bishop Samuels spread her so wide.&nbsp; Even her anus burned, the tiny hole pulled wide, Bishop Samuels hands urging her ass up high into the air until she was posed for his pleasure, Charlotte almost embarrassed that she looked so obscenely exposed.&nbsp; She turned to look at Bishop Samuel, her face red in shame when she saw how hard his member was, knowing it was her body that was testing him.&nbsp; Take my sinful body Bishop.&nbsp; Purge it with your sword.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel took some of the oil, stroking his cock as he rubbed in it.&nbsp; He dribbled some of the oil on her asshole, seeing the way her tiny hole began to spasm from the unfamiliar touch of the cold oil on her hot hole.&nbsp; He rubbed the edges of her puckered hole, seeing her fighting the strange urges that ran through her body.&nbsp; He pushed into her hole with his finger, driving it into her rectum with a suddenness that drew a gasp from her lips. He held her hip with his other hand as he skewered her hot, tight asshole with his finger.&nbsp; Take it Child!&nbsp; His voice was adamant, pulling her back onto his probing finger.&nbsp; She bucked beneath his finger as she struggled under the rude probing.&nbsp; He twisted his finger inside her, his cock dancing in delight as he felt her muscles clenching uncontrollably on his finger, eager to replace his finger with his cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; OH GOD!&nbsp; She cried out as she felt the burning as his finger unceremoniously plunged into her backside.&nbsp; Even the oil didnt help much, pressing forward to try to escape the cruel ravishment of her backside.&nbsp; His hand pulled her back onto the finger as it slid deeper into her backside.&nbsp; She could feel her muscles trying to push it out, unable to control them as she felt her backside impaled on his thick finger.&nbsp; God, if his finger hurt this much, how would she ever take his thick sword?&nbsp; His finger was relentless as it pressed deeper inside her, her stomach cramping as his fingertip pushed painfully on her muscles deep in her rectum.&nbsp; She couldnt do anything to stop him as he continued to plunge deeper inside her, her anal ring burning as his thick knuckle pushed inside her.&nbsp; OOOOHHH, it hurts, she moaned in pain, her hips moving to the side to try to escape the thick finger.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel shoved his finger deeper inside her until his knuckles banged against her anal ring, twisting and turning it deep inside her hot, clenching passage, enjoying the pleasure from her resisting muscles.&nbsp; Take it for the Lord, Charlotte.&nbsp; You must learn to bear the pain to serve the Lord.&nbsp; He pulled his finger until it was almost out, then plunged in back in deep inside her with a powerful thrust that took her breath away.&nbsp; He was preparing her for his cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She went from full to empty then to full again, gasping at the pain as his finger plunged deep inside her.&nbsp; His finger hurt badly enough, twisting and turning inside her, her stomach cramping from the unnatural probing of her insides.&nbsp; Her ass was still arched up submissively as Bishop Samuel took her backside with his finger.&nbsp; She clenched her muscles when she felt the relief as his finger left her, her anus clenching uncontrollably even when she was empty.&nbsp; She looked back at him, stroking his sword with oil, his hips shifting forward until she felt the unmistakable feeling of his hot sword on her anus.&nbsp; Please Lord.&nbsp; Help me take his servants sword in my backside, she prayed aloud as she felt the pressure on her anus, Bishop Samuels hands tightening on her hips, keeping her pulled back, unable to escape his sword.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His cock jerked in pleasure when he pushed against her hot asshole, covering her tiny hole with the huge head of his cock.&nbsp; He heard her prayer, not wanting to disappoint her, pulling her hips back onto his cock as he pushed forward with his hips.&nbsp; He enjoyed the way her tight hole fought back, seeing its losing battle as her anal ring slowly began to stretch as he began to breach her virgin hole.&nbsp; Wider and wider it expanded until the tip of his cock began to push into her dark forbidden asshole, his thick head stretching her open wider.&nbsp; He grunted as he gave her a powerful shove with his hips, holding her onto his rampaging cock, finally breaching her virgin asshole.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; EEEEHH, she screamed in pain as her tiny hole burned, afraid he had torn her when she felt the unmistakable feeling of his hot flesh inside her backside.&nbsp; Her breathing was ragged as she tried to comprehend the pain that came from her backside.&nbsp; Please dont move, she cried out.&nbsp; It hurt more than she could have imagined.&nbsp; She was grateful that Bishop Samuel paused, his flesh feeling strange as it throbbed inside her rectum.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It felt as if his cock was in a vise, a hot tight vise that kept it pinned inside her asshole.&nbsp; He held it still, letting her grow accustomed to having him inside her.&nbsp; Her back was covered in sweat, her face contoured in pain as she looked at him with pleading eyes.&nbsp; Take the Lords sword Charlotte.&nbsp; Please him.&nbsp; He began to push again, grunting as he fought her resisting muscles, her anal ring slipping over his cock like a tight band.&nbsp; He had the head of his cock inside her rectum, feeling the heat of her body, her muscles fighting to shove out the invading member.&nbsp; She bucked beneath him as he slowly pulled her asshole onto his hard cock like a sock, his hands on her hips pulling her back on his rigid member.&nbsp; Feel my sword Charlotte.&nbsp; He pushed harder, his slick cock pushing aside all resistance as it slowly slipped into her clenching bowels.&nbsp; He pulled out until the head of his cock was gripped possessively by her asshole, then plunged in again, driving his thick shaft into the depths of her bowels.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It felt like a log in her backside, his sword relentless as it pushed deeper inside her.&nbsp; As he plunged in, her stomach would cramp as his flesh pushed aside her muscles, touching her in places that were not meant to be touched.&nbsp; She couldnt even control her muscles any longer, her backside a burning mass of pain as his sword rampaged her virgin passage.&nbsp; Bishop Samuel was relentless, his sword never still, continuing to plunge in and out of her backside, her body buffeted by his powerful strokes.&nbsp; She thought it would never end, his sword continued to plunge deeper into her colon, straightening up parts of it not meant to be straightened, painful cramps in her stomach giving his thick member pleasure as her muscles fought to push it out.&nbsp; He would pull his sword out, feeling her insides dragged out by the powerful pressure until his sword was captured by her anal ring.&nbsp; He would pause for a second, Charlotte gasping as he plunged back in, his long sword sinking deep into her bowels.&nbsp; Her only relief was to finally feel his stomach pushed against her butt, knowing that she had his sword as deep as he could get it, her passage cramping on the thick member.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel was stroking her asshole with his cock, enjoying the way her muscles rippled along the shaft as he took her.&nbsp; He made her take the full measure of his cock plunging so deep inside her that his stomach slapped harshly against her up-thrust ass cheeks, jarring her body.&nbsp; She grunted painfully when he fucked in, groaning as he pulled out, taking his powerful strokes.&nbsp; He wouldnt be able to last much longer, her hot, tight insides bringing such pleasure to his throbbing member.&nbsp; The other Priests would enjoy her tight backside, Charlotte sure to find herself with many swords sodomizing her asshole.&nbsp; Many of the Priests enjoyed boys, but Charlottes asshole would provide suitable enjoyment should they not find any willing or unwilling boys to accommodate their perversions.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She went from full to empty with his powerful strokes.&nbsp; She couldnt believe that she had taken his huge sword up her backside, but she could feel the head of his sword jerking in pleasure when it drove deep into her colon.&nbsp; His hands slid underneath her, lifting her ass up higher, allowing him to take deeper strokes.&nbsp; She felt some relief when one hand slid down between her legs and cupped her sex, finding a fat finger slipped salaciously between the lips of her sex, her body jerking from the unexpected pleasure.&nbsp; Maybe he would make her cum, though Charlotte not sure she would be able to do it with his hard sword taking her so fully in her bottom.&nbsp; She began to move her hips from side to side as she felt the finger begin to masturbate her, the pleasure running through her body as it slid up and tapped so pleasurably on her clit.&nbsp; EEEEEHHH, she cried out, this time in pleasure in spite of the deep thrust inside her bowels.&nbsp; She wasnt sure how, but she began to feel a tingling of pleasure when his sword was deep inside her, pushing aside all resistance as it took her ruthlessly inside a dark place that was not destined to be touched as he did.&nbsp; She didnt understand it, only accepting the tingling that raced through her body, her nipples swelling up in pleasure, his finger rubbing up and down her now wet slit.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel could feel her arousal, his finger slick with her juices as he ran up and down between her lips.&nbsp; Two fingers slipped into her hot pussy, sliding deep inside until he could feel his cock jerking beneath the thin layer of skin that separated the twin probes.&nbsp; He pulled her up higher on her pussy, his fingers digging deep inside her.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; She was dueling impaled now, his fingers and his sword felt as if there was one big member between her legs that threatened to split her up the middle.&nbsp; His other finger snapped back and forth over her clit, snapping it harshly but not failing to arouse her with the pain. She was bucking up and down, the fingers and his flesh in her backside made her dance, dizzy as her body was used by Bishop Samuel in this obscene manner. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He fucked her hard now, seeing her arousal, knowing that he needed to cum quickly.&nbsp; Her asshole rippled up and down his thick shaft, her hips bucking back and forth, exciting him with her tight, hot hole.&nbsp; He could feel the pressure in his balls, the ache he felt just before he was ready to cum.&nbsp; He slowly said a prayer in his head, hoping to delay his long awaited orgasm until Charlotte was ready to cum, wanting to heighten his pleasure with her body as she experienced another orgasm.&nbsp; His hips were a blur as he fucked her hard, slamming painfully into her ass cheeks, drawing her back onto his thick cock each time.&nbsp; Amen, the end of the prayer and his orgasm rapidly approaching.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was taking his sword inside her backside and she was ready to cum, unable to comprehend her own body, just wanting to feel the pleasure race through her body again.&nbsp; His hands and fingers were relentless, rubbing her clit, plunging deep inside her pussy while his sword continued to ream out her bowels with his powerful weapon.&nbsp; She felt his body shuddering behind her, feeling the organ inside her grow, stretching her wider.&nbsp; She could hear his gasps of pleasure and then felt a jet of hot cum shoot deep into her bowels, filling her as nothing had ever done before, Charlotte imaging his sword shooting its seed deep inside her ass.&nbsp; It was all she needed to send her over the edge, her muscles clenching tight on the spewing sword inside her as she came, the orgasmic bliss rushing over her body, her nipples tingling, her head dizzy as the orgasm raced to her brain.&nbsp; She could feel the wetness between her legs as she came on his fingers, covering them with her copious fluids, another jet of hot cum shooting into her bowels, her belly filled with the Lords seed.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He shoved so deep inside her that he thought it would come out her mouth, holding still while his cock twitched in pleasure.&nbsp; He could almost feel his juices racing up the shaft of his cock, the hole in the head of his cock stretching wide to shoot out his hot seed deep inside her asshole.&nbsp; He felt her shudder, his fingers continuing to masturbate her as she came with him, feeling her asshole grip his cock tightly as he filled her with another load of his cum.&nbsp; His fingers sloshed around in her drenched pussy, her abundant crme making his fingers slick with her cum.&nbsp; Once more he shot inside her, giving her a sperm enema, filling her bowels with his thick crme.&nbsp; He plunged his fingers inside her pussy one last time, eliciting a scream of pleasure as she came again, finally slumping down on the bed, Bishop Samuel following her down, his semi-rigid cock still inside her asshole.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He was crushing her, her body ravished from the orgasm that ripped through her untrained body.&nbsp; She felt the unfamiliar pain in her backside as her muscles pushed out the limp sword inside her until she felt it pop out and slip between her legs.&nbsp; Another spasm in her ass and she felt a river of cum running down the insides of her thighs, her legs still spread wide as Bishop Samuel finally got up from the bed.&nbsp; She felt a sharp slap on her ass, the Bishops voice breaking the silence.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You will do well in serving the Lord as a Novice, Charlotte.&nbsp; I will tell your Mother when we take you home that you will return with me to the Church to serve in Gods Kingdom.&nbsp; He saw the smile on her face at the news. He looked over at Sally, her head in Father Johns lap, his strong hands holding her down as his cock pierced her mouth, only choking sounds coming from her lips as he took her mouth for his pleasure.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte found herself being taken by Bishop Samuel one last time before they left, Charlotte eagerly getting down on her knees as Bishop Samuel gave her the honor of administering to his sword until it hardened.&nbsp; Then she found her naked body beneath his, his sword taking her first in her sex, then moving back and forth from her sex to her backside, Charlotte making her body as tight as she could to please the Bishop.&nbsp; She was rewarded with his seed, filling her as she had an orgasm, the thought of serving the Lord with her body exciting her.&nbsp; Sally was not as enthusiastic, serving Father John begrudgingly with her body.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wait here while I tell your Mother of the news.&nbsp; The ride back was quiet, pulling in front of the house, Bishop Samuel noticing that the Sally and Charlottes Fathers car was gone, probably at work already.&nbsp; Wait ten minutes and then come in.&nbsp; He left them in the car, the air still cold.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary heard the knock on the door, looking out the window, seeing Father Johns car outside.&nbsp; She opened the door, surprised when she saw him.&nbsp; Father Samuel?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You recognized me Mary.&nbsp; Though it is Bishop Samuel now.&nbsp; He thought he recognized her before, but wanted to be sure.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Im sorry Bishop.&nbsp; I didnt know.&nbsp; Its been a long time since you were my Priest.&nbsp; I was only about Sallys age.&nbsp; The images that she had blocked out of her mind after all the years suddenly came flashing back into her head.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Arent you going to let me in?&nbsp; He finally pushed the door open, closing it behind him.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sorry Bishop Samuel.&nbsp; Where are Father John and the girls?&nbsp; She was concerned.&nbsp; Did something happen to them?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They are in the car.&nbsp; I wanted to see you first.&nbsp; They are fine.&nbsp; In fact, Charlotte has decided to become a Nun.&nbsp; She has proven to be very adept at serving the Lord.&nbsp; He smiled at Mary.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary was very religious and to have Charlotte become a Nun was a dream come true.&nbsp; She had always wished that she had taken the calling, but it was not destined.&nbsp; Thats wonderful.&nbsp; Such a noble calling, serving the Lord.&nbsp; I wish that Sally was more like her.&nbsp; She was always disappointed in Sallys devotion to God.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I remember you were very good at serving the Lord and his servants Mary.&nbsp; He smiled at her.&nbsp; She was much older now, but he could still see that she had a nice body in spite of having two children.&nbsp; His cock began to stir in his trousers.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The image flashed into her mind, a young girl, kneeling on the floor in front of the alter, Father Samuel, his sword exposed, her trembling hands touching his holy flesh, moving it towards her mouth.&nbsp; She could still feel his encouraging hands on her head as she felt for the first time the hot flesh of his sword in her mouth, her eagerness to please the Lord as her tongue ran over the strange flesh.&nbsp; She blushed as she remembered the first time she was with Father Samuel.&nbsp; And the many times later that he took her body in the service of the Lord.&nbsp; Yes Sir, her head hanging down.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel lifted up her chin with his hands until she was staring at him.&nbsp; Are you willing to serve the Lord, Mary?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She looked into his eyes and saw only the lust she had seen as a young girl. Now!&nbsp; She couldnt do it, the kids were outside in the car, sure they would be in soon.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes Mary.&nbsp; Right now.&nbsp; His cock pushed out the front of his trousers, Marys eyes glancing down.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But my children will be in soon.&nbsp; I dont want them to see me.&nbsp; Her eyes begged him.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sally and Charlotte have already learned to serve the Lord.&nbsp; And his servants.&nbsp; They are adept students as much as you were when you were their age.&nbsp; It will be a good education to see their Mother serving the Lord as an inspiration for them to perform.&nbsp; He pushed down on her shoulders until she sank to her knees.&nbsp; Take out my sword, Mary.&nbsp; Just as you have always done.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was resigned to her task, the Church asking her to sacrifice her children and herself to serving the Lords servants.&nbsp; She unzipped his trousers, her hands reaching in to take out the hot flesh, her hands wrapped around it until it stood in front of her mouth.&nbsp; She licked her lips, blowing gently on the tip of it, tightening her hand as it jerked in her hand.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh yes Mary.&nbsp; You tease the Lords servants weapon.&nbsp; Put your lips around it and take it deep in your mouth.&nbsp; I want to hear you choke on my sword, your gift to the Lord.&nbsp; He moaned in pleasure as her hot, tight lips encircled his cock, fighting the urge to cum.&nbsp; He wanted to wait.&nbsp; EEEHHH, as she sucked his cock deep into her mouth, his hands moving to the top of her head.&nbsp; Yes, deeper Mary.&nbsp; Take my sword deeper.&nbsp; He heard her choke as she swallowed the head of his cock in her throat, just as she was taught to do when she was young.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The door opened suddenly, Charlotte rushing in, excited to share her news with her Mother.&nbsp; Sally and Father John followed them.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mother!&nbsp; Charlotte looked at Bishop Samuel, her Mother kneeling on the floor in front of him.&nbsp; Her mouth was engulfing his sword, Bishop Samuels hands pulling her deeply onto his hard sword, the look of shame in her Mothers eyes as Charlotte saw her.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; MMMMGGG, was all that came out of Marys mouth, her lips split by the thick shaft of Bishop Samuels sword, the head of his sword deep in her throat, her choking making her throat muscles ripple up and down the hot flesh.&nbsp; Bishop Samuel held her head tightly onto his thick cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bishop Samuel saw the surprised look on the girls face.&nbsp; Your Mother learned to serve the Lord when she was young just as you are.&nbsp; I was her Priest and as you can see, she is quite an expert at pleasing the Lord.&nbsp; He yanked her head back and forth on his cock, making her choke and gag as he plugged her throat.&nbsp; Come here Charlotte.&nbsp; Your Mother will teach you how to serve the Lord.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

The End of Story

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





