BDSM Library - Anniversary Celebration




Anniversary Celebration
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ingrid and Marcel are celebrating their first anniversary and are planning on snuffing someone for this special occasion. They use their entire savings to buy a woman to be tortured and snuffed on their anniversary day. Things turn out slightly different when they find out who the woman is they had bought. 
   
     Anniversary
            Celebration 
      by Honda  
      &nbsp; 
       
      &copy;Copyright 2003 Honda-Matic, All
          Rights Reserved. This story may be reproduced only in its full, original,
          unedited and unmodified posting where: 1) full credit is given to its
          author and, 2) no commercial gain of any sort is realized as a result
          of its reproduction. No permission is granted, actual or implied, to
          reproduce a modified version of this story, in whole or in part, without
          the express consent of the author. 
      Warning: This story is intended
            for mature adults only. Do not continue to read unless you enjoy
            reading snuff stories. This story is purely fictional and contains
            consensual mf/f snuff and cannibalism. 
       
      ---- 
       
      Ingrid was ecstatic. It was her first
          anniversary next week and her husband Marcel had bought her a special
          gift to celebrate this beautiful event. She had met Marcel at a BDSM
          munch and they immediately got on well and after the first wild night
          together, they were inseparable. Marcel proposed to her only two months
          later and they have been happily married since. 
       
      They both loved the extreme and violent
          aspect of sexual copulation. Ingrid was often beaten severely several
          times during their passionate sex sessions and always loved it. She
          also loved to inflict pain on other girls. Often they had put up ads
          on the net or in the papers looking for a woman to take part in their
          sexual games each time resulting in the girl being beating black and
          blue at the least. 
       
      Her sex live was extremely exciting but
          still she was not totally satisfied yet. She was still yearning for
          the ultimate pleasure. She wanted to experience the pleasure of snuffing
          someone. Unfortunately, snuff was quite expensive, way too much for
          the average income earner like her and Marcel to afford on a regular
          basis. Nevertheless, she and Marcel tried very hard to save up enough
          money to at least afford such a heavenly and luxurious pleasure for
          once or twice which was usually only reserved for the filthy rich who
          could afford to pay for it. Marcel had put in a lot of overtime at
          work and even gave up on drinking and his other pleasures to save up
          enough money. All their hard work and savings was not in vain. They
          had finally managed to save up enough money for this ultimate pleasure.
          Of course they could not afford the premium snuff service and get a
          young and extremely beautiful looking women for their snuffing pleasure
          but nevertheless they could afford a woman. There was a low budget
          snuff service, which had slightly older women. The price of a woman
          due to the age and circumstances was much lower than the usual but
          still was very high for the average workers. Despite that, it was well
          worth it for them, especially for Ingrid who was so sadistic and sexually
          insatiable. It was the Holy Grail in sex for her. And the timing was
          perfect. It was only one week until their anniversary and they had
          just saved up enough money to afford a snuff session. Ingrid was so
          happy and very much excited. It was going to be the perfect anniversary.
          They were going to buy themselves a snuff bunny, a woman that they
          were able to torture to death on their anniversary day. It was a dream
          come true for her. It had been one of her wildest fantasies that she
          wanted to try out and experience for real all her life, and now it
          was in reach of her grasp and soon to be happening. 
       
      Suddenly while Ingrid was masturbating
          herself thinking of the week ahead and her planned snuff session, the
          phone rang. "Hello, Ingrid Doden speaking", she answered the phone. "Hi,
          darling, how's it going?" came the response from the other end. "Hi,
          mom, I was just masturbating." she replied. "Again? With the steel
          dildo that I gave you for your birthday?" her mother joked. Ingrid
          giggled like a little girl. She and her mother had no secrets between
          each other. Sex was discussed openly between them. When Ingrid was
          younger, her mother introduced her to sex by letting her watch her
          with her boyfriend. Ingrid had watched her mother being fucked from
          all angles and in all possible holes. Her mother was quite a horny
          woman herself, just like Ingrid. However, her mother was only interested
          into steamy sex but without the violence and pain. Torture and snuff
          did not interest her much. Ingrid was quite different in that aspect.
          She loved torture, both being tortured and doing the torturing. 
       
      "I just wanted to wish you a happy anniversary,
          darling. I hope you have lots of fun with your snuff bunny. I know
          how much you have been wishing for one and I'm happy for you that you
          finally got your wish." 
       
      "Thanks mom, that's very nice of you,
          but aren't you a bit early? The reception is on Saturday. You'll have
          plenty of time to catch up and everything. You are planning on coming,
          right?" 
       
      "I'm afraid I won't be able to make it
          this weekend. I just got my termination notice and just wanted to let
          you know and wish you the best." 
       
      "Oh no! Do you know how they are going
          to do it?" 
       
      "Afraid not. I just got told to report
          there this afternoon." 
       
      "I hope you get killed swift and quickly.
          A pity you don't enjoy being tortured and snuffed slowly. You know,
          it could be enjoyable. I hope I get tortured a lot before I get killed
          when it's my time." 
       
      "Not me. You know I don't go for such
          things. I just hope they do it quickly. The guillotine might be a good
          and quick way to go." 
       
      "Well, good luck. I love you, mom." 
       
      "I love you, too, sweetheart. Enjoy your
          anniversary and give my regards to Marcel. I gotta get ready now. Bye!" 
       
      "Bye mom and once again, good luck." 
       
      Ingrid's mother, Erika, was a 39 years
          old woman. She was quite attractive and could have passed for a 29
          year old. Her strawberry blond hair was smooth and long, but she wore
          them neatly tied to a bundle at the back of her head. She had taken
          good care of herself. Despite her age, she did not have saggy tits
          yet but rather she had a pair of perfectly firm breasts with big and
          hard nipples. 
       
      Her tummy felt funny when she thought
          about her current situation. She had just been notified that she was
          to be culled. It wasn't something she didn't expect. All women when
          they reach 35 automatically join the national culling program. The
          culling program ensured that the population did not get into imbalance
          and also ensured that older women be terminated. It would be cruel
          to let women die of old age when their bodies have deteriorated and
          there's not much left of their beauties. The culling program ensured
          that such cruelty would not happen. Erika did not mind being culled.
          It was just how things were. It was the natural way. Women need to
          be culled when they reach a certain age. She had no problem with that.
          However, she still felt weird about it. She wondered how she would
          be killed. She hoped that it would be a quick and painless death. But
          she had no choice. The center would decide how to best dispatch her.
          It was completely up to them unless she could pay them the optional
          luxury fee. If only she had the money. If she was rich she could had
          afforded the optional luxury fee and could select the way she was to
          be dispatched. That was the luxury of the rich. The rich could select
          the way they were killed, even who killed them and they usually chose
          some celebrity to do it, but Erika had no such luxury. Her fait was
          to be decided by her local culling center or whoever was in charge
          of it. 
       
      While Erika was getting ready to report
          to her local culling center, Ingrid was busy preparing for her anniversary
          celebration. The news about her mother's impending culling unsettled
          her a bit, but there was nothing she could do about it nor was it really
          worth to worry about. Every woman eventually gets snuffed one way or
          the other. Some women enjoy it like she knew she would and others do
          not. She said a quick prayer wishing her mother a quick death since
          she knew that's how her mother wanted to end. Then she continued the
          preparation for the anniversary reception. She crossed her mother's
          name off from the attendance list and worked on the schedule for Saturday,
          her anniversary day. 
       
      Suddenly the phone rang again. "Ingrid
          Doden" she answered it. 
       
      "Hi, it's Pamela. I don't have much time
          for chit chat, gotta make this quick, sorry about that." 
       
      "That's ok, what's up?" 
       
      "I won't be able to make it to your party
          this weekend. I'm really sorry, but my sister got sick so I have to
          take her place at the execution this Friday. I'm afraid that means
          I won't be able to come to your thing." 
       
      "Oh I understand. Thanks for letting
          me know. By the way, how are you gonna be done?" 
       
      "I don't know yet, but prolly the axe
          or the guillotine. It is going to be some kind of beheading. Anyway,
          I gotta get ready and report for my duty. Bye and good luck at your
          party." 
       
      "Thanks and good luck to you, too. Bye" 
       
      That took off another one from her guest
          list. Ingrid cursed silently but went to continue on her schedule for
          the weekend. Her plan was to sleep in, then wake her hubby by blowing
          his cock and getting fucked. Breakfast was to be delivered that morning
          so they could have it in bed. She wanted to enjoy herself and have
          some more fun in bed. At nine thirty, breakfast would be arriving.
          She had already put in an order for two fresh eyeball sandwiches, which
          was another luxury that they usually could not afford, but since it
          was their special day, Marcel said that they should enjoy it as much
          as possible and borrowed some extra money from a friend for this. After
          breakfast, their snuff bunny should arrive around half past ten. Marcel
          and her would then do some preliminary torture, probably just a mild
          whipping. Then she would do some preparation before the lunch reception
          when all her friends would arrive. They would then be able to admire
          their snuff bunny. She was planning to borrow her friend Anika's cross
          and have the snuff bunny bound spread eagled on it for everyone to
          admire and probably another whipping session for her friends to watch.
          Then after lunch when everyone would leave, she and Marcel would finally
          be able to enjoy the merciless and undisturbed torturing of their snuff
          bunny for several hours. During the week she was going to ensure that
          they had all the torture tools ready for this great event. She would
          carefully prepare all the torture instruments and make sure they had
          enough cooking utensils. Then in the late afternoon, they would slaughter
          the bunny and get her ready for dinner. That would be an interesting
          exercise. They had never butchered and cooked a woman before. It was
          going to be their first time doing it and just the mere thought about
          it made her pussy moist. She had cooked parts of women before that
          she bought at the butcher's shop on special occasions, but usually,
          they could not afford the luxury of human meat nor the prime parts
          like cunt steaks and tits. But this time it was different. It was their
          anniversary and they had saved up a long time for this. They would
          have a whole human cow to butcher. Ingrid had already bought several
          manuals on how to butcher a woman and studied them very carefully.
          She did not want to make a mess and waste their precious snuff bunny. 
       
      Then the phone rang again and Ingrid
          was already dreading another disappointment. 
       
      "Hi, it's Barbara here. Ingrid, this
          is a bit embarrassing, but I trust you won't tell anybody else." 
       
      "Sure, sis, what's up?" 
       
      "Well, you know that big vibrating thing
          you saw at my place? I sorta got carried away with it and slipped and
          broke my hip and leg while I was riding it." 
       
      "No way, you were fucking that huge thing?" Ingrid
          laughed hysterically. "You silly bitch you." 
       
      "Hey, you promised not to tell anyone,
          remember that. It was embarrassing enough when the ambulance came and
          I was lying on the floor all naked with blood dripping from my pussy." 
       
      "Gee, I wish I could have seen your face." 
       
      "I bet you would. But anyway, I gotta
          get some rest now and I wanted to let you know that I won't be able
          to come to your anniversary this weekend. I'll prolly have to stay
          in the hospital for another two weeks." 
       
      "Gee, it's that bad?" 
       
      "Yep, unfortunately. The doctor told
          me, no sex for another month. I don't know how I am gonna survive this,
          sigh." 
       
      "Well, serves you right." 
       
      "See ya, bitch." 
       
      "Yeah, see ya when you get better." 
       
      That was scratch three. Ingrid's guest
          list was starting to shrink. If this trend were going to continue,
          she would have to cancel the lunch reception. 
       
      And then the phone rang yet again. 
       
      "No, screw you." she yelled into the
          phone. 
       
      "I wish." she heard coming back from
          the other end. 
       
      "Oh hi, Stephanie, how's it going? Sorry
          for the outburst there. I just had lots of bad news." 
       
      "Oh no! In that case, you'll prolly kill
          me for this." 
       
      "What?" 
       
      "I gotta disappoint you this weekend.
          Sorry." 
       
      "What's your lame excuse?" 
       
      "I have to work. Remember the agency
          I was submitting my tapes to?" 
       
      "You mean 'The Adventurous Snuff ' agency?" 
       
      "Yeah, that's the one. Well, they have
          accepted my application and offered me a job. I'll be starting this
          Saturday. I was told some couple wants to whack me during sex and then
          butcher me for roasting afterwards. Hey, maybe those two sickos are
          you and Marcel, hahaha." 
       
      "Yeah right. As if we could afford to
          buy someone as pretty as you are." 
       
      "Yup, I'm first rate material, the best
          of the best." 
       
      "Ha, you are ditching your friend." 
       
      "Well sorry, but you must admit, it's
          my dream job and it would be silly of me not to accept it straight
          away. Someone else might get it if I take too long to decide. It's
          a chance of a lifetime. If I don't do it this week, I might never have
          the chance again." 
       
      "Yayaya, you snob." 
       
      "Hey, watch it. I may be able to make
          them tape it and send you a copy. Who knows?" 
       
      "Oh really? That would be so cool." 
       
      "You bet. Seriously, I will ask them
          whether you could get a video of me being snuffed, but I can't promise
          they will let you have it." 
       
      "I understand, but I hope I could get
          it. Well, good luck and try your best to get me the video." 
       
      "Sure thing! And I am truly sorry for
          not being able to come to your party. Have fun and send my regards
          to Marcel." 
       
      "Thanks and good luck to you to." 
       
      "Bye." 
       
      "See ya." 
       
      Fortunately, that was the last cancellation
          and Ingrid had just enough people left on the guest list to have a
          small party. And soon Ingrid forgot about them since she was quite
          busy preparing for the party. Time flew by fast while Ingrid was happily
          preparing for the great event and it was Saturday in no time. 
       
      When she awoke in the morning it was
          already past eight o'clock and Marcel was still sleeping. She slipped
          out of her nightgown and crawled under the bed sheets to find Marcel's
          cock. It was quite hard already. He always woke up with a boner. Ingrid
          carefully popped it into her mouth and began to suck on it carefully
          and gradually increased in speed as it grew harder and thicker filling
          her hungry mouth. Suddenly she could feel two strong hands pushing
          down on her head forcing her to gag on the erect cock. Ingrid deep
          throated it until she gagged on it and the grip loosened. When she
          finally looked up, she could see Marcel grinning at her while still
          making her head bob up and down on his cock with his strong hands. 
       
      He was now also starting to thrust his
          cock into her mouth, fucking her mouth harder and harder until she
          could hear him start to moan loader. Ingrid instinctively pulled the
          rock hard cock out of her mouth and positioned it so that it could
          shoot deeply into her wide-open mouth. She knew that Marcel loved to
          watch his cum shooting into her mouth and on her face. And then a huge
          load of cum shot straight into her mouth hitting the back of her throat
          and almost making her choke. Then a second huge blast splattered her
          face covering up her nose and her left eye. Ingrid loved cum. She immediately
          scraped off the cum from her face with her fingers and licked them
          clean. It tasted delicious. There was nothing better to start the day
          with than a fresh load of cum straight from the source. 
       
      Suddenly Ingrid winced in pain. Marcel
          had meanwhile grabbed her tits with both his hands and was squeezing
          them like lemons. The pain was excruciating. Ingrid was almost crying
          from the pain, but at the same time she enjoyed it. She just loved
          feeling the pain. Then Marcel pushed her down on her stomach and spread
          her cheeks. She loved this part. Marcel stroked his cock a few times
          while fingering her hot wet pussy. It quickly became to life again
          and was rock hard immediately. Gripping his cock by the base he leaned
          over behind Ingrid's back and forced his thick cock into her tiny ass
          crack. Ingrid felt a slight brutal pain sweep over her as her ass was
          brutally assaulted. In a few seconds only, Marcel had his big cock
          sliding in and out of Ingrid's tiny butt hole while she has initially
          howling and then moaning in both pleasure and pain and Ingrid begged
          Marcel to fuck her tight pussy as well. And soon afterwards he pulled
          out of her asshole and stuck his cock into her hot love canal filling
          it up completely with his hot and throbbing manhood. After a few minutes
          of this intense fucking Marcel began to shake and tremble. It was a
          sign that he was about to shoot again. Quickly he pulled his cock out
          of Ingrid and she immediately turned around lying on her back with
          her mouth wide open ready to receive another load. Marcel stroked his
          big cock a few more times while positioning himself above Ingrid's
          face and pointing his cock straight at her wide open mouth. And then
          he shot another massive load of cum into her mouth and on her face
          with some even caught in her hair. Ingrid loved the feeling of fresh
          cum on her face, but Marcel did not leave her much time to enjoy that
          feeling. He roughly grabbed her by her hair and dragged her into the
          bathroom. There he forced her to squat in front of the toilet. Ingrid
          knew that he wanted to use her as a toilet again. He had done it many
          times before even though he knew she hated it. She hated the piss,
          the disgusting yellow liquid that humans produced as waste material.
          However, she loved the degradation and humiliation of the perverted
          act of being a human toilet. She obediently opened her mouth wide when
          he twisted her nipples hard and painfully. Then he pissed on her face
          and into her mouth. Ingrid swallowed some of the stinking yellow piss
          but tried to spit out most of it. She hated its taste but she knew
          she had to swallow some to make Marcel happy and that was very important
          to her. After she had met Marcel, he became her only purpose in life.
          His pleasure was the most important thing to her, followed by her own
          pleasure. She would do anything to make him happy, even drink piss
          and eat shit, which she hated and found extremely disgusting. 
       
      When he finished pissing, Ingrid licked
          his cock clean and it grew hard again and Marcel immediately wanted
          to fuck her. Quickly, he turned her around forcing her to kneel in
          front of the toilet and took her from behind while pushing her head
          down into the toilet bowl. Ingrid struggled to breath while her head
          was forced into the toilet bowl and Marcel conveniently flushed it
          to fill it up with water. He also fucked her very hard since he was
          very turned on by her having just drunk his piss. Ingrid was asphyxiating
          in the filthy toilet bowl. She was in need to catch her breath from
          the merciless pounding but she was unable to do so due to her special
          predicament. Then finally he released her and allowed her to pull her
          head out of the toilet bowl. Ingrid coughed and spat when she was finally
          being able to breath again and quickly changed her tone to moaning
          and screaming as her ass was being pounded for the finishing touch.
          And soon after, it was filled with hot cum. Ingrid could feel her bowels
          filling up with hot semen. She loved that feeling as well. 
       
      Then the doorbell rang. Ingrid immediately
          ran out of the bathroom and quickly glanced at the clock on her wall.
          Then she quickly put on a bathrobe and ran to the door. When she opened
          it, she was greeted with the smell of freshly roasted breakfast. There
          was a woman dressed in the usual Sex'n' Food uniform holding a tray
          which looked like it contained her breakfast. It smelled delicious. "Two
          fresh eye ball sandwiches?" the delivery woman inquired. "Yes, that's
          right." Ingrid replied excitedly. "Please sign here, madam." the delivery
          woman indicated a spot at the bottom of a form. Ingrid quickly signed
          it without looking at what was on the paper and the delivery woman
          handed her the tray with the eyeball sandwiches. Then she went back
          to her delivery truck and drove off. 
       
      Ingrid stared at the two sandwiches she
          was holding. She knew that two women had just lost their eyesight if
          not much more to allow her and Marcel to enjoy these sandwiches. It
          was such a sexy thought. She imagined two struggling women tied securely
          and having their eye balls gauged out and placed onto their sandwich.
          She closed the door behind her and threw the bathrobe away and walked
          back into the bedroom naked with only the tray of delicious sandwiches
          in her hand. Marcel jumped back into bed and she quickly joined him
          putting the tray at the foot of their bed and immediately hugged and
          kissed him. 
       
      After some more raunchy sex, pain and
          a delicious breakfast in bed, the delivery they had been waiting for
          finally arrived punctually at ten thirty. Both Marcel and Ingrid were
          already fully dressed and anxiously waiting in their living room when
          the doorbell rang again. Ingrid immediately dashed to the door while
          Marcel followed her slowly. When Ingrid opened the door, an elderly
          man with glasses in a suit greeted her. 
       
      "Mrs. Ingrid Doden, I presume." 
       
      "Yes, that's Me." she replied excitedly. 
       
      "I am from the Snuff & Pleasure Agency.
          You ordered a snuff bunny to kill?" 
       
      "Yes, that's right." 
       
      "Could I please see some ID, miss? It's
          regulation that before I hand over the snuff bunny, I verify that you
          are indeed Ingrid Doden." 
       
      "Certainly. Here's my driver's license." 
       
      "It all seems to be in perfect order.
          Thank you. If you please sign here while I get your delivery out of
          the van", the man said and handed her a pen and a receipt for her to
          sign. Then he went back to his truck. 
       
      Ingrid quickly signed the papers and
          watched the man walk to his delivery truck, opening the back of it
          and retrieving a woman - no their snuff bunny. The woman seemed to
          be in good shape. Ingrid could not make it out from the distance, but
          she definitely was neither fat nor skinny. The snuff bunny was wearing
          a plain black robe, which completely covered her body. She also was
          hooded and could not see a thing, but she was not restrained at all.
          She was wearing a dog collar and the men lead her to the house by a
          leash and she slowly followed him carefully taking a small step at
          a time. The man was very patiently with her. It was obvious that he
          must have been doing this for a long time. When they finally arrived
          back at the door, he handed Ingrid the leash and verified that she
          had signed the form. 
       
      "Thank you Mrs. Doden. Remember, you
          have to snuff her today; otherwise you will incur an additional fee.
          Have a pleasant day." 
       
      With that he left Ingrid with her new
          snuff bunny while he walked back to his truck and then drove off. 
      Ingrid was still standing at the door
          holding the leash of her new snuff bunny, hardly believing that this
          was for real and not one of her many dreams. She was now really holding
          the leash of a snuff bunny, her very own snuff bunny that she could
          torture and kill to her liking. It was an incredible feeling of power
          and depravity. It was finally happening. Meanwhile Marcel took over
          and led the snuff bunny into their living room where they had mounted
          the cross that Ingrid had borrowed from Anika. 
       
      "Common darling. Let's see our new toy." he
          suggested smilingly. He also was very excited, probably even more excited
          than Ingrid, but he appeared cool and in control. 
       
      "Oh yes", Ingrid responded very excitedly
          and eager to start playing. 
       
      Marcel stepped behind the snuff bunny
          and with one quick tug ripped off the robe from the snuff bunny. She
          was completely naked underneath it and had no body hair at all. The
          skin was completely smooth and the big clit and tits were magnificent.
          Her skin was shining invitingly. She must have had been rubbed in olive
          oil before delivery. She also looked very familiar. Those two firm
          breasts and the big erect nipples, and that big glistering pussy. Ingrid
          could swear she had seen this body before, although not in such a sexy
          condition. Could it be Stephanie? She was hinting at that on the phone,
          but Ingrid thought she was just teasing. Would she really have done
          this for her friend? No, it could not be. Stephanie was the same age
          as Ingrid. This woman was much older, yet she looked very familiar.
          Then Marcel took off the hood from the snuff bunny and both he and
          Ingrid dropped their jaw in surprise. It was Erika, Ingrid's mother. 
       
      There was a long silence as everyone
          was just starring and looking at each other. It seemed like an eternity. 
      Then Marcel finally broke the silence. 
       
      "This is a pleasant surprise. It seems
          like you get to attend our anniversary after all." 
       
      "Mom", Ingrid said and ran over to her
          and hugged her tightly. 
       
      "Hi, sweetheart", Erika responded and
          was a little shocked and surprised herself. 
       
      "What are we going to do now?", inquired
          Ingrid, obviously plagued with guilt since she loved her mother very
          much and knew that she hated torture. 
       
      "Darling", Erika said lovingly, "do whatever
          you had planned. Don't worry about me", she said bravely. "I know how
          much you have always wanted it and how long you've been saving up and
          waiting for this. I don't want to ruin it all for you. Really, I don't
          mind. Do what you planned to do with me. I will always love you." 
       
      Ingrid just hugged her mother harder
          and was almost in tears. She was so touched by her mother's love. How
          could she be so brutal and torture her? But then, she was right. Ingrid
          had waited for this for so long and both she and Marcel had worked
          so hard to save up enough money for this. It should not go to waste. 
       
      Marcel found this situation quite amusing,
          but he kept it to himself since he knew how much Ingrid loved her mother.
          If it were not for that he would have long ago fucked Erika. She was
          such a hot woman, but Marcel did not know how Ingrid would had reacted
          if he had fucked her mother. It was quite a complex relationship between
          the two. Marcel had fucked Barbara before but it was with Ingrid's
          permission while she was away on a course once. She had offered her
          sister as a substitute to look after Marcel for while she was away.
          But her mother had always been off limits, probably because she was
          not into BDSM and maybe some morale issues as well. Marcel did not
          worry about it that much. He had Ingrid, and occasionally Barbara for
          his sexual pleasures and was quite content. However, the situation
          now was completely different. He had worked very hard for this event,
          worked overtime to get extra money, reduced his expenses on other activities.
          They could not back out now. They could not afford it anyway. And Erika
          was so hot. Marcel went behind Erika and fondled her big tits at which
          she began to moan and rubbed her ass against his cock. Marcel immediately
          got a hard on and his dick painfully pressed against Erika's buttocks.
          Suddenly he could feel Erika pulling his pants down and guiding his
          cock to the entrance of her anus. Before he could do anything, she
          slammed her ass backwards and impaled herself on his big cock. 
      Marcel began to fuck her hard while pinching
          her nipples, which he was used to do when fucking Ingrid. Erika gritted
          her teeth in pain, but did nothing else other than humping backwards
          onto the big dick in her ass. 
       
      Ingrid was stunned watching Marcel and
          her mother fuck in front of her very own eyes. It felt so unreal to
          her. Her hubby humping her mother and inflicting pain upon her. She
          watched as Marcel pinched and squeezed her mother's breasts while she
          winced in pain. The sight of this did it to her and she lost all inhibitions.
          She grabbed her favorite bullwhip and started to hit her mother's flat
          belly with it. First softly and increasingly harder and harder until
          she could hear her mother scream in pain. Ingrid was like in a trance.
          She could not stop. The feeling was too intense, the pleasure too wonderful,
          the screams of her mother; it all filled her with lust. 
       
      Marcel was starting to thrust harder
          and faster, his heavy breathing showed that he was ready to cum. Abruptly,
          he pulled his big cock out of Erika and threw her to the ground so
          that she dropped on her back with her legs spread wide open. Then he
          stepped onto her belly with one foot and squatted down so that his
          penis was positioned above Erika's mouth. Monica took a heavy blow
          at her mother's exposed and helpless pussy. She heard her scream out
          loudly. At the same time Marcel shot his load and it all landed into
          Erika's wide-open mouth. Ingrid immediately felt an orgasm ripple through
          her hearing her mother's shrill scream and watching her mouth being
          filled with loads of Marcel's hot cum. In spite the pain, Erika swallowed
          all the gooey cum and also licked up cum that landed around her lips. 
       
      "Wow, that was great", Marcel exclaimed
          while trying to catch his breath. 
       
      "Yes, it was fantastic", said Ingrid
          full of lust. "Can't wait for the rest of it." 
       
      Erika remained silent, not sure what
          to say about it. On one hand she enjoyed the depravity of the situation
          and the sex, but on the other hand she hated the pain and was dreading
          her impending doom. 
       
      "But we need to get ready now. The guests
          will arrive soon." Marcel reminded, and he was absolutely right. 
       
      Ingrid quickly hurried into the kitchen
          to prepare the morsels she had pre-made the night before. Her mother
          followed her into the kitchen to help her out. Together, they made
          a fresh salad and Erika showed Ingrid her special salad dressing. They
          finished just in time for the guests to arrive. The doorbell rang,
          and the first guests arrived just after they managed to decorate the
          table and arrange the cutlery. They were all punctual and arrived shortly
          after one another. Everyone was excited and curious about the snuff
          bunny. 
       
      On her arrival, Anika immediately stormed
          into the living room where her cross was standing and looking around
          excitedly. 
       
      "Where is she? Where is the snuff bunny?" she
          asked full of curiosity and excitement. 
       
      Ingrid waited for everyone to assemble
          before springing the surprise to her friends. 
       
      "Come on everybody, gather around. I
          want to show you our special snuff bunny." 
       
      Everyone gathered around the cross very
          quickly, excited to see the snuff bunny. None of them had ever seen
          a snuff bunny live, up close and personal before. It was so very exciting
          to everyone. 
       
      "May I introduce our snuff bunny to you",
          she began. "Mom, please come over here and take off your clothes again." she
          gestured to her mother. 
       
      A few jaws dropped and Ingrid enjoyed
          watching her friend's stunned and surprised faces. 
       
      "I believe most of you already know my
          mother, our snuff bunny!" 
       
      Her friends, in particular Anika, looked
          at her and then her mother Erika in awe and disbelief. 
       
      "You are all welcome to whip and fuck
          her, but let's have some food first, I'm starved already." she said
          while tying her mother's hands to the cross. Then she joined some of
          her friends who went to get some food while others like Anika stayed
          behind to give her mother a good whipping. Ingrid listened to her mother
          scream in pain while she ate her lunch and carried on some conversations
          with some of her friends who were curious about how she managed to
          be able to get her own mother as the snuff bunny and how she felt about
          snuffing her own mother. 
       
      "This is so wicked," her friend Sarah
          said. "I never thought of snuffing my own mother, but you know, the
          thought of it really turns me on. I think that's what I'm gonna do
          as well when I save up enough money." 
       
      "Yeah, you wicked bitch. Are you planning
          on snuffing your sister as well? You probably already planned it, right?
          You are really something. Just incredible." her friend Helen said with
          admiration. 
       
      The rest of the day they spend torturing
          Erika while Marcel took the opportunity to fuck each of Ingrid's girl
          friends. Most of his friends were busily enjoying Erika's torture or
          gangbanging Ingrid. Finally, in the late afternoon, everyone was exhausted
          and left for the day. Things had turned out a little different than
          what Ingrid had planned but she was not complaining. In fact, she really
          enjoyed being gang banged and brutalized by all of Marcel's friends
          while thinking about snuffing her own mother. It was a real turn on
          and allowed her to orgasm many times. Her back was left with a few
          marks and bruises that would take a few days to heal and her buttocks
          had purple spots and some markings. Her face had been slapped a lot
          as well and she put some ice on her cheeks to cool them a bit and soothe
          the burning. Marcel also had a very enjoyable afternoon. He got to
          fuck all of Ingrid's friends and since most of them were masochistic
          bitches, he could hurt them as well and hear them scream in pain which
          made him rock hard. Since there was not enough time left to turn Ingrid's
          mother into dinner that night, Ingrid and Marcel decided to invite
          their friends back the following day for a banquet of freshly roasted
          long pork. 
       
      "Come back tomorrow evening. We will
          butcher her tonight so you will be able to taste some fresh meat and
          admire Marcel's cooking skills tomorrow." she reminded all her guests
          before they left. 
       
      Ingrid and Marcel both were tired from
          the endless sex they had all day and decided to lay down for an hour.
          Erika was tired from the torture and the screaming as well. All three
          of them cuddled together and took a little nap. 
       
      When they awoke a few hours later, it
          was already nine in the evening. 
       
      "Wow, look at the time. It's later than
          I thought. Guess all this fucking made me more tired than I could had
          imagined." Ingrid remarked. 
       
      "Yeah, it was great. So depraved." Marcel
          agreed. 
       
      "Are you going to butcher me now?" Erika
          asked shyly and with a bit fear in her voice. 
       
      "Yes, we need to do it now. We don't
          have much time left. You need to be dead by midnight. Do you mind much?
          How do you feel about it, mom?" 
       
      "I...I..I don't know. I guess I am all
          right with it. I don't have much choice anyway." 
       
      "Let's take a shower first and then go
          to the kitchen", Marcel suggested and they did just that. 
       
      First Ingrid and Marcel showered together
          and after they dried each other they washed their meat, Erika. She
          was given several enemas until her bowls were completely clean. Then
          Marcel led her into the kitchen and Ingrid followed shortly carrying
          a bucket. 
       
      Marcel tied Erika's hands together and
          lifted her up so he could hook her bound wrists to the steel hook that
          he had installed the week before. Ingrid placed the bucket in front
          of her mother so that it was located just underneath her belly. Erika
          shook with fear when she saw her daughter approach her holding a sharp
          butchering knife. She knew her end was close which she did not mind
          too much, but she feared the pain that was associated with it. She
          always wanted to die a quick and painless death, but now, she was going
          to be butchered alive. She could not imagine anything worst than that.
          The fact that she was going to be butchered by her own daughter did
          not make it much easier either. She loved her daughter very much and
          would do anything possible to please her. Never would she have dreamed
          that her worst nightmare and her ultimate gift and token of love to
          her daughter could be the same thing. It gave her a mixed feeling,
          dread, fear, but also love at the same time. She wanted to be butchered
          alive to make her daughter happy but she did not want to die a slow
          and painful death. 
       
      Bravely she whispered to her daughter
          when she arrived. "Butcher me, darling. Cut me open and gut me. I want
          you to enjoy this event and remember that I love you. Kill me! Cut
          off my big tits and rip out my cunt. I'm just a piece of meat for you
          to butcher and eat." 
       
      Ingrid was incredibly turned on by what
          her mother had just said and shook off any moral reservations on what
          she was about to do. She just drove her knife into her mother's soft
          belly like plunging a spoon into some jelly. Her mother tried to be
          brave and bit her lips to avoid screaming. She had a very pained face
          and tears welled up around her eyes. Ingrid could see that her mother
          was in terrible pain and she enjoyed the depraved sight of it. She
          cut downwards with the knife to open her mother up further until she
          could see some of her glistering intestines. While Ingrid was cutting
          her mother open, Marcel took the opportunity to bugger her ass. Erika's
          painful gutting made her contract her muscles. Her sphincter contracted
          violently around Marcel's already erect cock squeezing him to explosion
          inside the already tight asshole. 
       
      "Hey, take out your cock, silly boy.
          I might accidentally cut you." Ingrid remarked jokingly to Marcel when
          she heard him moan at his orgasm. She was pulling out intestines from
          within her mother's stomach and dropping them into the bucket she had
          previously placed underneath her. 
       
      "Wow, she is still alive and look at
          her expression. Looks like she is in terrible agony." Marcel remarked
          when he faced Erika and saw her pained expression. 
       
      "Oh yeah, ain't this something special?" 
       
      "You bet. My turn. I wanna cut off her
          tits now", he said and took the knife from Ingrid and started to fondle
          Erika's big tits who just stared at him with disbelief. She had hoped
          she would die from the gutting but to her terror, she lived right through
          it and experienced every single bit of pain feeling Ingrid reach inside
          her and pulling out her intestines one by one. The sensation of her
          skin being cut open and her internals being pulled out slowly was beyond
          anything she had ever experienced. She had hoped that it would end
          with that but realizing that it was only the beginning of her extreme
          fatal torture and eventual demise, she just silently let it happen
          to her hoping that it would end soon. However, that was not going to
          be the case. Ingrid and Marcel had planned on a long and painful slaughter
          session. They wanted to enjoy their first experience of slaughtering
          and the infliction of pain excited them too much to not prolong it. 
       
      Marcel placed the sharp blade at the
          base of Erika's right breast and carefully drew the knife across. Erika
          could feel the hot white pain at the base of her magnificent tit. Marcel
          looked her straight into the eyes while he continued cutting her breast.
          She stared back into his excited eyes while gasping at the terrible
          pain in her chest until it became unbearable and she started to scream
          a very shrill scream. Marcel could feel an instant boner at the sound
          and sight of her agony and continued to cut more vigorously. The feeling
          was intense. Meanwhile Ingrid had detected the boner and was sucking
          on it feverishly, becoming more and more excited and horny with every
          more intense scream from her mother until she was choking on the humongous
          load of cum that Marcel had shot when he finally had severed Erika's
          tit and was holding it with his left hand in rapture and bliss. 
       
      He put down the knife and admired the
          lump of meat he was holding that once was his mother-in-law's breast.
          It was bleeding heavily and his entire arm was soon covered in blood.
          Ingrid immediately rubbed some salt onto the open wound where once
          a beautiful breast was. Erika shook and spasmed in reflex to the terrible
          pain and knocked Ingrid back so she fell backwards onto her butt. 
       
      Recovering from her fall, Ingrid took
          hold of the blood-covered knife and grabbed her mother's remaining
          breast. It felt hard and erect. This led Ingrid to believe that her
          mother was actually turned on from being debreasted. But it did not
          matter whether she did or not. The important thing for Ingrid was that
          it turned her on, to have the power and satisfaction of being able
          to mutilate such a fine breast into a mere piece of meat. She pulled
          her mother's nipple as far away from her body as possible until it
          was fully stretched and then looked her mother deep into the eyes while
          cutting off her nipple. She enjoyed watching the pain and disbelief
          at her cruelty in her mother's pretty eyes. Then she licked her mother
          on the face with her outstretched tongue covering her face with a bit
          of saliva. Continuing from that she rubbed the little nipple across
          her mother's face as well so that screeches of her saliva and her mother's
          blood mixed. Then she placed the nipple on the tip of her outstretched
          tongue and sensually took it into her mouth and chewed on it. The look
          of complete terror and disgust on her mother's face just added to her
          enjoyment as she slowly ate the nipple. 
       
      Next Marcel took an electric handsaw
          and began to saw at Erika's left hip while blood splattered from the
          wound. Ingrid immediately placed her face below the flood of blood
          so that it flowed onto her face. She rubbed her pussy hard with quick
          and long strokes while she took this blood shower. When the leg was
          sawn off Marcel continued with the other leg and Ingrid moved over
          a bit to continue her shower. By this time, her entire body was already
          covered in red blood. 
       
      "Put her onto the table now. I want to
          hack off her arms." Ingrid moaned still in ecstasy as Marcel finished
          sawing off both of her mother's legs and placed them neatly next to
          the kitchen sink. Then he untied Erika and placed her onto the kitchen
          table on her back while Ingrid grabbed a meat cleaver. 
       
      Marcel pulled Erika to the edge of the
          table and rubbed his throbbing cock. He had no troubles accessing her
          exposed pussy and rammed his tool deep into the hole. 
       
      "Hold her down", Ingrid commanded with
          a look full of lust. 
       
      Marcel grabbed both of Erika's arms by
          the elbows and put his weight onto them while pumping his rock hard
          cock into her wet soaking pussy. 
       
      Ingrid raised the meat cleaver and aimed.
          Then she slashed down. It sank into her mother's right shoulder and
          was stuck. She had to pull it out again and aimed again and again,
          hacking on her mother's shoulder repetitively. It was not because she
          was weak and required several attempts. She just enjoyed the act and
          wanted to prolong the suffering caused by her repeated hacking. Eventually,
          she had hacked off the entire arm and Marcel was holding it curiously. 
       
      "Wow, do the other one halfway only.
          I want to rip it off her shoulder", he demanded and Ingrid complied.
          She hacked around on her mother's other shoulder while she screamed
          at the pain of each attack on her remaining arm. Then Marcel told her
          to stop and held Erika's still attached hand and pulled at it abruptly,
          at which she screamed out. He tried again, this time using both his
          hands. He grabbed her arm by the elbow and yanked at it with all his
          might and he heard a crack but the arm was still attached by the skin
          and the muscles. He took a closer grip, grabbing her limb arm at the
          biceps and then tore it off with one final pull. Erika screamed and
          then howled terribly as she was turned limbless. Marcel continued to
          fuck her pussy that was so tight from her involuntary contractions
          caused by his violation of her body. 
       
      "You are about to come, darling. Gut
          fuck her and then spray it all on her face." Ingrid suggested. 
       
      "Oh yeah, fuck me baby." Erika moaned
          painfully unable to control her feelings and emotions. She was both
          moaning from the pleasure and screaming from pain at the same time. 
       
      Marcel pulled his rock hard cock out
          of her wet pussy and climbed onto the table so that he could stick
          it into her guts. When he was on the table he drove his cock into her
          gutted belly and fucked it like it was the natural thing to do. Erika
          coughed out some blood after screaming out her lungs for the last time.
          This brought him to orgasm. He quickly pulled out and moved up to her
          face just in time to splatter a huge load of cum all over her face. 
       
      "Wow, I think I am done for today", he
          remarked jokingly and fully exhausted. 
       
      "Hey, let me get you a drink." Ingrid
          suggested. "Do you want one too, mom?" 
       
      She got no response from her mother who
          seemed out of it. She went to the fridge and got some cold water for
          Marcel and some for herself as well. Marcel emptied the whole glass
          of water she gave him, while she only drank half of hers. Then she
          splashed the rest of her glass over her mother's face, which brought
          her back to consciousness. 
       
      "You look worn out and tired, mom. Let
          me help you fix up your face a bit. I want you to look pretty when
          I chop off your head. We'll have it mounted and displayed for everyone
          to see," she told her mother who was beyond caring anymore. She just
          blinked her eyes in acknowledgement and was too weak to say anything. 
       
      Ingrid went to fix up her mother's face,
          wiping off her tears and putting on some make up so that her face was
          more presentable while Marcel fucked her in the ass. 
       
      "Try to smile, mom, I'm gonna chop off
          your head now", Ingrid said and grabbed the axe that was leaning behind
          the kitchen door leaving Marcel standing there with his hard cock pointing
          at her. 
       
      Erika strained her face with her remaining
          power and tried hard to smile. Even the twitching of her facial muscles
          for a tiny little smile required a lot of effort from her. She was
          so tired and had not much energy left. In addition, it took a lot of
          concentration from her which in turn made her feel the pain in the
          rest of her tortured and mutilated body even more. 
       
      Ingrid got into position and held the
          heavy axe with both her hands high above her head and aimed at her
          mother's throat. Marcel was rubbing his own cock with his hand while
          his left hand was pushing itself into Ingrid's asshole. Ingrid enjoyed
          the slow penetration into her butt hole while she waited until her
          mother had formed a small strained smile and was looking upwards directly
          into her eyes. They both locked eyes and stared at each other for a
          while before Ingrid swung the axe downwards towards her mother's exposed
          throat. The axe came crashing down onto Erika's neck and cleanly severed
          the head from the rest of her body. The head dropped over the edge
          of the table and almost fell onto the floor was it not for Marcel's
          quick reflex. He pulled his hand out of Ingrid's ass and caught Erika's
          falling head just as it was only inches away from the ground and scooped
          it up like a falling basketball. Carefully, he placed the severed head
          next to the now lifeless corpse of Ingrid's mother. 
       
      Then both Ingrid and Marcel looked at
          each other and hugged tightly. They also renewed their vows of eternal
          love and staying together until death them part. Then they cleaned
          up and placed the severed body parts into the freezer before they retired
          to bed and fell asleep in each other's arms from exhaustion. 
   
 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Honda Kushimoto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





