BDSM Library - Blackmailed Nurse




Blackmailed Nurse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Angie is caught stealing drugs and has to make a choice between slavery and prison.Blackmailed Nurse
 Dr. Benjamin Carter had been
    suspicious of Angie for several weeks now. Angie Smithson was a nurse who
    normally worked the night shift, and he suspected she was stealing drugs.
    The problem was proving it. Dr. Carter's wife, Doris, was very interested
    when he told her about it over dinner.  
Doris Carter had been a top
    notch investigative reporter for the local newspaper when they met. She gave
    it all up for Ben. Nobody else knew the truth about her relationship with
    Ben, because away from home she was a typical yuppie wife, but at home she
    was Ben's slave. He had begun training her early in their marriage, and she
    loved her role. Now, after 20 years of living with him, she was very comfortable
    in her dual life.  
As usual when they were alone,
    Doris ate her dinner kneeling naked next to Ben's chair. Her hands were secured
    behind her with leather cuffs, so Ben fed her, as he did every night they
    didn't have company. When dinner was over, Ben turned his chair to face Doris,
    opened his fly, fished out his already hard cock, and told her to get busy.
    She leaned forward and took him all the way to the root in one smooth, practiced
    motion.  
While she pleasured him, Ben
    told her he wanted her back in the investigation business. &ldquo;I want
    you to get the goods on that nurse bitch, Angie. I think she is keeping the
    painkillers I prescribe for my patients and using them herself, or maybe
    selling them. Start up an investigation, but be careful. If she's selling
    them, the people she's dealing with could be dangerous. If she's dirty, get
    what we need to hammer her good. I want enough evidence so there's no doubt.&rdquo;  
The next day, Doris got busy.
    It had been years since she was an investigative reporter, but she still
    knew how. She started with a complete background on the subject, Angie Smithson.
    Angie was 39 years old, and had been divorced two years before. She had married
    young and had a son in college, but he had taken his dad's side in the divorce
    and the two of them seldom talked anymore.  
Angie's former husband was
    a lawyer, and he did well in the divorce. There was no alimony and no child
    support, since the son lived with his father. She and her husband had rented
    a house and weren't savers, so there wasn't much to split. In essence she
    had walked away from the marriage with her clothes, a car with four years
    of payments left, and half the furniture.  
After the divorce, she hadn't
    done well. Her husband had managed everything financially and she wasn't
    good at doing it on her own. She was clearly in financial trouble, late on
    her rent and with her credit cards maxed. The only thing she had going for
    her was her looks. Angie was, to put it simply, stunning. She had the face
    of a model and a body built for sin.  
Too bad she didn't use it.
    All indications were that her husband had dumped her because of her lack
    of interest in sex, and since her divorce she hadn't dated at all, so far
    as Doris could determine. She wasn't very social, either, and had no close
    friends. Despite her looks, Angie had an ice-cold personality.  
Over the next two weeks, Doris
    followed Angie. To avoid being spotted, Doris used rental cars and never
    used the same one twice. Angie never had a clue. By the end of the two weeks,
    Doris had lots of photos of Angie, including several of her with a young
    hoodlum named Victor. Included in the photos were clear shots of her handing
    him small bottles and receiving cash in return.  
Working under cover, Doris
    got in touch with Victor and posed as a buyer. She wanted to know about the
    quality of the drugs she was buying, and Victor assured her they were the
    real thing. When Doris seemed doubtful, Victor explained that he had a nurse
    stealing them for him from a hospital, so they were medical quality. He had
    Percocet, Darvocet, Tylenol 3 and 4, Vicodin, and MSContin. Doris got it
    all on tape.  
The next step was easy. Doris
    and Ben, mostly due to their unusual lifestyle, didn't really socialize,
    and nobody at the hospital knew Doris. Doris had no problem getting some
    fake ID, and Ben simply admitted her under an assumed name. He said she was
    in for observation of severe back pain and prescribed MSContin.  
When Angie brought her pills
    during the night, Doris palmed them and carefully put them into small, labeled
    envelopes in her purse, with time and date noted. The next day, her chart
    showed she had been given two pills three times during the night. In fact,
    Angie had only been in twice. In addition, when they checked the labeled
    pills in Doris's purse, only one of each set was MSContin. The other was
    an aspirin tablet.  
They had Angie nailed. They
    had proof she was stealing the pills. They had motive. They even had photos
    of Victor paying for and receiving the pills, and they had Victor on tape
    telling Doris he had a nurse stealing for him. Ben and Doris talked about
    what to do next and came up with a plan.  
The next day was a Saturday,
    and Ben was off. Angie was working the night shift and was scheduled to get
    off at 7am Saturday morning. Ben met her in the hall as he was doing his
    rounds. He had checked the schedule and knew she had the next four days off.  
&ldquo;Angie, can I talk to
    you for a minute?&rdquo;  
Angie had always gotten along
    with Dr. Carter just fine, so she wasn't concerned. Ben took her aside and
    said, &ldquo;Well, Angie, you have a problem. I know about you and the drugs,
    and I know all about Victor.&rdquo;  
For a moment Angie couldn't
    breathe at all. Then she managed to choke out, &ldquo;What? I don't know
    what you're talking about.&rdquo;  
Ben smiled at her, and it
    was a chilling smile. &ldquo;Don't even try, Angie. I have you cold. If you
    want to see what prison is like, keep up the front. Otherwise wait for me
    by your car in the parking lot. I'll be out in a few minutes.&rdquo; Then
    he just walked away.  
Ben had parked right by Angie's
    car. A half hour later, when Ben got to his car, Angie was standing next
    to hers, waiting. All he said to her was, &ldquo;Get in your car and follow
    me.&rdquo; Then he started up his Jag and drove off.  
Angie was more scared than
    she had ever been before in her life, but she managed to start her car and
    follow him. Ben drove directly to his house. Angie's mind was spinning and
    her mouth was dry. She was aware enough to notice that Dr. Carter had an
    estate surrounded by a large wall and an electric gate. She followed him
    up the long drive.  
Ben pulled his car into the
    garage and motioned Angie to park in the empty stall next to him. Once she
    was inside, he hit the switch to close the garage doors and headed into the
    house, waving her to come with him. She followed him into the house, through
    the kitchen, and down a long hallway to a study. Angie started to speak,
    but Ben cut her off. &ldquo;Sit in that chair, fold your hands in your lap,
    and shut up. I'll be back in a little while.&rdquo;  
Once she was seated, he added, &ldquo;Sit
    up straight, shoulders back!&rdquo; Angie had complied before she even thought
    about it. Ben looked at her for a few seconds and then said, &ldquo;I want
    you to sit just like that. Don't move a single muscle or you'll be sorry
    later. Oh, and close your eyes. Keep them closed until I tell you specifically
    to open them.&rdquo;  
Angie closed her eyes tight,
    and she didn't think she could move even if she wanted to. She was absolutely
    rigid with fear. She heard Ben leave, but she didn't know if he was right
    outside the door watching her. On the drive over, she had tried to imagine
    what was going to happen to her, or what Dr. Carter wanted from her, and
    she was still trying to think, but it was like her mind had shut down. All
    she could think about was how scared she was.  
Ben and Doris stood in the
    hallway watching Angie for about 10 minutes. She never moved. Finally, Ben
    walked back into the room and sat down behind the desk. A moment later, Angie
    started to speak. &ldquo;Please, Dr. Carter&hellip;&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Didn't I tell you to
    shut up? When I want you to speak, I will tell you. Just nod if you are able
    to understand this simple instruction.&rdquo;  
Angie nodded.  
&ldquo;Fine,&rdquo; Ben continued. &ldquo;Now,
    open your eyes, but look down into your lap unless I tell you different.
    Nod again if you understand.&rdquo;  
Angie opened her eyes and
    nodded again.  
&ldquo;Good,&rdquo; Ben said. &ldquo;Now
    be quiet and listen. You have been under investigation for a few weeks now.
    You have been followed, and I have photos of you giving drugs to Victor and
    receiving money for them. I have a tape recording of Victor telling a potential
    customer all about the quality of his drugs and the nurse he has stealing
    them.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I also have the actual
    pills you gave a patient instead of what I prescribed, and I have your handwriting
    in a patient chart saying you gave meds three times when it was only twice.
    Now you may talk to me, but don't waste my time with any more silly denials.&rdquo;  
Angie didn't look up. Somehow
    she knew she shouldn't. It took her a couple of times to get her voice working. &ldquo;I'm
    sorry. I didn't mean to hurt anyone. It's just that I was short of money,
    and I didn't know what to do. I was getting evicted and my neighbor knew
    Victor, and it just sort of happened. I promise I'll never do it again.&rdquo;  
Ben laughed at her. &ldquo;Of
    course you won't do it again. You're going to lose your nursing license,
    and then you're going to prison. The women there will know what to do with
    you. I hope you like licking pussy.&rdquo;  
Angie had been barely keeping
    control, but that did it. She started to sob, and once she started she just
    couldn't seem to stop. Ben just waited. Finally Angie got enough control
    back to sob out, &ldquo;Please, Dr. Carter, I won't do it again. I promise.
    I'll do whatever you want if you don't turn me in.&rdquo;  
Ben waited a minute before
    answering. &ldquo;Specify exactly what you mean when you say you'll do anything.
    Precisely what are you offering?&rdquo;  
Angie kept looking at her
    lap. &ldquo;I mean I will go to bed with you if you want.&rdquo;  
Ben laughed again. &ldquo;Remember,
    you've been investigated for weeks. I know a lot about you, and I hear you're
    worthless in bed. Isn't that right, Doris?&rdquo;  
Angie hadn't known anyone
    else was present, and was shocked when Doris said, from behind her, &ldquo;That's
    right. Her ex-husband's nickname for her was &lsquo;iceball'.&rdquo;  
Before Angie could turn to
    see who was behind her, Ben snapped, &ldquo;Keep looking at your lap, and
    sit up straight. I warned you about that.&rdquo; Angie sat up straighter.
    Her muscles were beginning to ache from holding herself so rigid.  
&ldquo;Well,&rdquo; Ben said
    next, &ldquo;I guess we better get the formalities out of the way. Here's
    how it will work. If you do exactly as you're told, maybe you can avoid prison.
    First, I want a full and complete account, in your own words, of just what
    you have been up to these past months.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;We are going to record
    that. You are going to sit there, look at the camera, and spill your guts.
    I want as much detail as you can remember, and your memory better be pretty
    good, because we already know a lot of the details. When you're done, we'll
    talk about what happens next. Think about what you're going to say, and let
    me know when you're ready.&rdquo;  
When Angie said she was ready,
    Ben turned on the camera and told her to look at it. Then he led her through
    a complete confession. Angie was completely cowed by this time and didn't
    protest at all. She actually felt better as she got her terrible secret out
    into the open. When she was done, Ben turned off the camera and told Angie
    to stand up and strip.  
When she looked at him in
    amazement, he said, &ldquo;Listen very carefully, because you will be sorry
    if I have to repeat myself. You really screwed up this time, and it isn't
    something you can fix with a quick romp in the sack. The last couple of years
    you've been running your own life for the first time ever, and it turns out
    that you aren't very good at it.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Well, that problem
    is over. Either I'll be running your life now, or else the state will do
    it through their prison system. You need to make up your mind which it will
    be right now. If you choose the prison system just get up and leave. You're
    guilty of multiple felonies, so you will spend a lot of time there.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;If you would rather
    deal with me, that's fine, too. If you choose to stay, you will find the
    initial period quite unpleasant, I assure you. However, once you have adjusted
    to your new role, you will find conditions here to be much better than the
    prison system. So, it's decision time.&rdquo;  
&rdquo;This is the most important
    decision you have ever made, and, regardless of what you decide, it's also
    one of the last decisions you will ever make. You can decide to let the prison
    system and your fellow inmates make decisions for you in the future, or you
    can decide to have me do it. Now, don't say a word. Get up and either leave
    or strip. I'll give you a couple of minutes to decide.&rdquo;  
Angie really wasn't thinking
    at all. Her mind was whirling and she couldn't hold any thought for more
    than a second or two. She was terrified of going to prison, though, and her
    scattered thoughts managed to remember that Dr. Carter had said life here
    would be better than prison once she adjusted. In a daze, she stood and started
    removing her clothes.  
Ben said, &ldquo;Fold them
    neatly and put them on the chair.&rdquo; Angie was like a robot. Her mind
    had shut down completely. She really had no thoughts at all as she finished
    folding her clothes and stood by the chair looking at the floor. Ben stood
    up and handed her a blindfold. &ldquo;Put this on.&rdquo;  
Once the blindfold was on,
    Ben led her out of the study. He carefully steered her around any obstacles
    as he led her down the hall and into another room. Eventually he stopped
    and told her to stand still. After what seemed an eternity he finally spoke
    to her again.  
&ldquo;Bend forward at the
    waist. Now bend your knees a little. Fine, now lift your arms up behind you
    as far as you can. Good, just hold that position and don't move. This position
    is called the airplane. Remember it. Right now we are going to discuss some
    things, and you will remain in this position. If you move, you will be punished.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;From now on, you will
    address me as &lsquo;Sir' and you will address my wife as &lsquo;Mistress'.
    Do you understand?&rdquo; Angie nodded. &ldquo;You will answer my questions
    out loud. Do you understand?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yes.&rdquo;  
Doris swung the cane hard
    across the lower part of Angie's butt. Angie hadn't even known Doris was
    in the room, and the searing pain caught her totally unprepared. She screamed
    and fell to the floor.  
Ben raised his voice. &ldquo;Get
    up NOW. Resume the airplane position, or we will really punish you.&rdquo; Angie
    managed to get up and resume the humiliating position, but her butt still
    felt like it was on fire.  
Ben resumed his normal voice. &ldquo;The
    reason you were punished just now is because you forgot to call me &lsquo;Sir'.
    You won't forget again, will you?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;No Sir. I'm sorry Sir.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Very good. Now, I'm
    going to ask you a question. Think about your answer. What are you?&rdquo;  
Angie did think about it for
    almost a minute. Finally she said, &ldquo;I'm your slave, Sir.&rdquo; The
    reality of her situation had finally hit her, and she started quietly sobbing
    again, but she held her position.  
Ben stood behind her and began
    to gently stroke her butt. His fingers traced over the burning path left
    by the cane and soothed the fire. He continued his petting and stroking and
    then slid his hand down between her legs. As he played with the lips of her
    pussy and ran his fingers through her slit, Angie started to get wet.  
For 10 minutes he kept up
    the gentle stimulation. By the end of that time, Angie was moaning softly
    and moving against his hand. Then he quit and began speaking again.  
&ldquo;Tomorrow we will take
    a truck and go to your apartment. I have arranged for two young men to help
    us. We will load up everything you own in the truck and bring it back here.
    I will arrange with your landlord to cancel your lease and will pay what
    you owe him.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;On Monday, you will
    go to the hospital and quit your job, effective immediately. You will tell
    them you were offered a great opportunity nursing for a private patient,
    but that he requires you to start right away. On Monday we will also go over
    your bills. We will pay everything off and cancel all of your credit cards.
    Your car will be sold.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;You now live here.
    Slavery is not a part time job. You don't get weekends, holidays, vacations,
    or days off. We will go through the possessions from your apartment. Most
    will be sold or given away. Do you have any questions?&rdquo;  
Angie's mind was still pretty
    much shut down, but it was working well enough for her to understand that
    her previous life was over. It had been wiped away by her own actions. When
    she had declared herself a slave, she had understood the implications. The
    rest of what Ben said followed logically. Angie answered her new Master. &ldquo;No
    Sir, I don't have any questions.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Good, now stand back
    up.&rdquo; Angie rose and stood quietly, her hands at her sides. Ben led
    her into a bathroom and took off the blindfold. He told her to use the toilet
    and shower, and come back out into the room when she was done.  
As she showered, Angie was
    doing a little mental self-examination. She was completely calm, and it took
    her a minute to realize why. All of her worries were gone. She had no bills,
    no job, and no possessions. Her sole task in life was to follow the commands
    of her new Master.  
Angie was very careful to
    be sure she was ready for her Master. She found herself wanting to look good
    for him, so she carefully shaved her underarms and legs. She even shaved
    her pubic hair into a narrow strip. When she finished her shower she blew
    her hair dry and brushed it until it shone.  
When she was done, Angie walked
    into the adjoining room and stood quietly in front of Ben with her gaze on
    the floor. &ldquo;Thank you for letting me shower, Sir. What do you want
    me to do now?&rdquo;  
Ben led her to the bed and
    pulled the covers back. &ldquo;Get in. You need to sleep. We will wake you
    later.&rdquo; Once Angie was in the bed, Ben covered her and tucked her in.
    He kissed her lightly on her forehead and said, &ldquo;You did a good job
    with the shower, and your hair looks nice. I'm pleased. Sleep well.&rdquo;  
Angie felt a surge of joy
    at his praise and drifted off to sleep thinking about how to better please
    her Master. Her training had begun. Since she had worked all night, they
    let her sleep until nearly dinnertime.  
The idea of making Angie their
    slave had come from Doris. Ben's first thought had been to get the evidence
    and just go to the police, but Doris had convinced him that Angie wasn't
    evil, just too foolish to run her own life. Ben, on the other hand, had come
    to believe that Angie's problems with sex had nothing to do with her being
    frigid and everything to do with how everyone had always catered to her because
    of her looks.  
At 5pm Doris went in and gently
    nudged Angie, speaking softly to her until she woke. Angie recognized her
    from the hospital and her eyes went wide. &ldquo;You're the new patient.
    What are you doing here?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Actually, I'm Ben's
    wife. My real name is Doris, but that's not what you will call me, is it
    slave?&rdquo;  
Angie still had a vivid recollection
    of the cane when she had failed to call Ben &lsquo;Sir', and she really didn't
    want to feel it again. &ldquo;Please Mistress, I'm sorry. I didn't know who
    you were. Please don't punish me.&rdquo;  
Doris was amused at her reaction
    and decided to play with her. &ldquo;Kneel, and quickly.&rdquo; Angie dropped
    to her knees and looked at the floor in front of her. &ldquo;Good,&rdquo; Doris
    continued. &ldquo;Now put your forehead on the floor and stick your butt
    up nice and high.&rdquo;  
Angie whimpered in fear, but
    she obeyed. Doris retrieved the cane from the corner and swung it hard through
    the air a few times. The sound it made terrorized Angie, and she found herself
    crying again. &ldquo;Please Mistress, don't hurt me too much. I'm sorry I
    forgot.&rdquo;  
Doris had never intended to
    cane her, and now she felt guilty for her cruel joke. The sight of Angie
    huddled on the floor with her butt in the air, shaking and crying while she
    waited for the cane to fall, made Doris realize the responsibility that came
    with her new power over another person. She told Angie to get up.  
Even if she had wanted to
    punish Angie, she couldn't have, because Ben had told her that Angie could
    only be punished in his presence. Angie was looking at her feet and still
    crying. Doris gently lifted her chin so that Angie was looking at her. &ldquo;I'm
    sorry. I shouldn't have done that. There's no reason for me to be more cruel
    than necessary. Let's go get dinner ready.&rdquo;  
Doris walked out of the room
    and Angie followed her. When they got to the kitchen, Ben noticed immediately
    that Angie had been crying. He said, &ldquo;Why are you crying? Don't you
    like it here?&rdquo;  
Angie started to answer, but
    Doris cut her off. &ldquo;Sir, it's my fault. When she woke up she forgot
    to call me Mistress, and I made her kneel and present herself for punishment.
    I pretended I was going to cane her. I'm sorry, Sir. I have already apologized
    to her.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Get the cane.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yes, Sir.&rdquo; Doris
    trotted out of the room and returned in a moment with the cane, presenting
    it to Ben with downcast eyes.  
Ben took the cane. &ldquo;Now
    strip and demonstrate the position you made her assume.&rdquo; Doris quickly
    removed her dress and folded it carefully, putting it on the counter. Then
    she knelt and put her head to the floor.  
Ben turned to Angie. &ldquo;Well,
    how many strokes should she get. You decide.&rdquo;  
Angie said, &ldquo;Please,
    Sir, don't hurt her. She didn't actually hurt me, and she apologized. I was
    just scared.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Really,&rdquo; Ben
    answered. &ldquo;Are you sure? She caned you before. Don't you owe her one
    for that?&rdquo;  
Angie was crying again. &ldquo;No
    Sir. Please don't hurt her because of me.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;OK, Doris, get up.
    You made a good choice, Angie. I would have given Doris as many strokes as
    you specified, but then you would have received the same. You're new to this,
    and you will make mistakes. You will be punished for them, but I'll try to
    be fair. Doris is your Mistress, but she is also my slave. Take note of how
    she was quick to admit her transgression to me. I will expect no less from
    you.&rdquo;  
Doris took Angie by the arm. &ldquo;Come
    on, Angie, you can help me with dinner.&rdquo; They were making shrimp scampi.
    Doris had Angie put some clarified butter in a pan and get it heating while
    she fixed a salad.  
When the butter was hot, Doris
    handed Angie a bib type of frilly apron. &ldquo;Here, put this on.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Mistress, won't he
    be angry? He hasn't told me I can dress. I don't want to get into trouble.&rdquo;  
Doris looped the apron around
    her neck and tied it in the back. &ldquo;No, it will be fine. He doesn't
    expect us to stand in front of a spattering frying pan with nothing on. Take
    it off as soon as you're finished with the frying.&rdquo;  
One thing making it easier
    for Angie was that she knew she looked good. Being naked didn't really bother
    her all that much. She was in no way ashamed of her body, and had never been
    particularly shy about it. Her swimsuits, for example, tended to be barely
    legal.  
While cooking the shrimp,
    she found herself wondering if Ben was going to have sex with her soon. She
    assumed that sex would be part of the package, and was surprised to find
    she was looking forward to it. She could never remember being interested
    in sex before. She always thought it was overrated.  
Doris, like Ben, suspected
    that the real problem was that she wanted to be taken, not courted. Some
    women don't want to be treated like fine china, but Angie was so breathtakingly
    beautiful that men had always considered themselves lucky if she even noticed
    them. As a result, they treated her like a princess.  
At dinner, Ben fed Doris and
    Doris fed Angie. After dinner Ben told the two women to follow him and led
    them down to the &ldquo;playroom,&rdquo; which filled much of the basement.
    Angie stopped dead still when she first entered the room, and if there had
    been anywhere to run, she would have.  
The room was filled with an
    assortment of tables, crosses, and various other items of furniture. There
    were whips and cuffs and things she didn't recognize on the walls. Her audible
    gasp attracted Ben's attention, so he went to where she was frozen and led
    her into the center of the room.  
Angie was mentally numb, and
    didn't resist when Ben put cuffs on her wrists. Meanwhile, Doris was putting
    cuffs on her ankles. Then the cuffs were hooked to ropes and pulled so that
    she was standing with her feet well spread and her hands over her head.  
Ben went to the wall and took
    down a whip with several flat strands an inch wide. As he approached, Angie
    said, &ldquo;Please Sir, what did I do wrong? Why are you going to punish
    me, Sir?&rdquo;  
Ben walked around her a couple
    of times, swishing the whip through the air. &ldquo;I'm not going to punish
    you. Wait and see what happens. People all refer to you as an iceball or
    a snow queen. We're just going to see if we can melt the ice a bit. I hope
    you're ready.&rdquo;  
Ben started to whip her, but
    not hard at all. He started just hard enough to sting a bit and redden the
    skin. He spent a lot of time and covered her thoroughly, applying the whip
    to her back, butt, thighs, belly, and breasts. As he continued, he gradually
    got harder and harder.  
He wasn't really hurting her
    very much, and her endorphins were really kicking in. She was starting to
    float. As he got harder and harder, Doris sat between her legs and started
    using a vibrator on her pussy. Before long, her hips were thrusting and she
    was moaning.  
Angie didn't know what she
    was feeling. She couldn't think, and every blow from the whip seemed to shoot
    right to her pussy. She felt like she was on fire, and then it happened.
    The orgasm came out of nowhere, and Angie had no idea what was happening
    to her. She screamed, and her whole body went rigid. Then she started thrashing
    out of control. It went on and on, and then she collapsed, hanging from the
    cuffs.  
Ben immediately supported
    her while Doris unclipped the ropes. Ben carried her to a padded table and
    laid her down on it, and then he and Doris both hugged and stroked her until
    she was coherent again. When her breathing had slowed to normal, Ben said, &ldquo;I
    told you I wasn't punishing you. Was that a pretty good orgasm?&rdquo;  
Angie's reply surprised both
    Ben and Doris. &ldquo;It was wonderful, Sir. It was the first one I ever
    had.&rdquo;  
Ben hesitated a moment and
    then said, &ldquo;Well, it's time for a little question and answer. Tell
    me about your sexual experiences. You've never had an orgasm, even from someone
    licking your pussy?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;No Sir. I've only ever
    had sex before with my ex-husband, and he didn't ever do that. He just got
    on, screwed me, and got off. Sometimes it started to feel good, but then
    it was over.&rdquo;  
Ben shook his head. &ldquo;I
    am very sorry. I've been thinking you were an ice princess, but maybe your
    ex was just incompetent. Did you suck his cock? Did he play with your tits?
    Tell me about it.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I never sucked him,
    sir, and he didn't play with my tits. Once a week or so he would come to
    bed and push up my nightgown. Then he would get on and screw me. That was
    it.&rdquo;  
Ben was amazed. &ldquo;How
    long did it take him?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I don't know exactly,
    Sir. It was maybe a couple of minutes.&rdquo;  
Ben shook his head again. &ldquo;Well,
    we need to do some science here. An experiment is in order. Let's try this.
    I will lick your pussy while Doris uses the vibrator on your tits.&rdquo;  
Ben went to the end of the
    table and pulled Angie toward him. He lifted her legs up and out to the sides
    while Doris clipped ropes to them, holding them in place. Then they fastened
    her hands to the head of the table and cinched a belt around Angie's waist.
    Once she was immobile Ben got busy between her legs.  
He used his fingers to stroke
    her pussy lips while his tongue made circles all around the area. When his
    fingers started sliding in and out of her pussy and his tongue found her
    clit, Angie thought she'd died and gone to heaven. She had never felt anything
    so completely wonderful.  
Right about then Doris started
    using her mouth and the vibrator on her hard nipples. That was all it took.
    Angie exploded into the second orgasm of her life, but Ben and Doris didn't
    even slow down. In just three or four minutes, Angie exploded again.  
Ben and Doris never let up.
    Angie's orgasms kept getting closer together until they were almost continuous.
    Finally she managed to say, &ldquo;Please Sir, I can't stand anymore. Please.&rdquo; Ben
    let her come down slowly, tapering off his tongue work until she was able
    to relax on the table. They quickly unfastened her and both held her.  
Angie was shaking all over
    and crying at the same time. Her fragile psyche was shattered and it took
    some time for all the pieces to come back together. Finally Doris said, &ldquo;Nope,
    she's definitely not frigid.&rdquo; That started Ben laughing and he couldn't
    stop. Soon they were all laughing together.  
Once they had settled down,
    Ben led the women into the living room and they all sat on the sofa, with
    Ben in the middle. Angie said, &ldquo;Sir, thank you very much. My ex always
    told me I was frigid, and I believed him. I thought there was something wrong
    with me. He called me &lsquo;iceball' all the time. It really hurt. After
    the divorce I never bothered to go out with anyone else because I thought
    it would be the same thing and I couldn't face it.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Well,&rdquo; Ben said
    after a moment, &ldquo;It would seem your ex is a moron. He didn't know what
    he had, so he discarded you. Now you belong to me, and I know exactly what
    I have. I feel like I just bought a Picasso at a yard sale. You are my slave,
    but you are a very treasured possession.&rdquo;  
Doris spoke up. &ldquo;You
    are unschooled in using your body to please, but we will change that. You
    have the raw materials. You are beautiful, intelligent, and very responsive.
    It won't take you long to learn to be pleasing as well.&rdquo;  
Angie was positively glowing.
    In all of her life, people had only complimented her on her beauty. Her ex-husband
    had constantly run down her brains and told her she was cold in bed, and
    she had bought into that completely. Throughout her marriage she had felt
    like a pretty painting &ndash; nice to look at but useless for anything else.
    As she sat next to her owner, she was thinking that the last real decision
    of her life, made when she choose slavery over prison, was also perhaps the
    only really good decision she had ever made.  
After a few minutes of cuddling,
    Angie said in a very quiet voice, &ldquo;Sir, could you and my Mistress show
    me how to be pleasing to you. I would really like to please you, Sir.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;That's good. Slaves
    should want to be pleasing. Doris will show you what to do.&rdquo;  
Doris got up and put some
    music on the stereo. Then she led Angie into position in front of Ben and
    said, &ldquo;Now we will dance for our Master. Think about sex when you dance.
    You aren't dancing for exercise this time. You are dancing to please a man.
    Try to let your desire show. Men find it very pleasing when a woman desires
    them.&rdquo;  
Angie was already a skillful
    dancer. She had taken lessons for a long time, but her ex had never even
    bothered to watch her. As she danced for Ben, she thought back to how she
    had felt on the table as they made her orgasm over and over. Her dancing,
    which started out to be skillful but mechanical, soon became passionate.
    She could feel the rhythms deep in her belly. Her skin flushed, and her hips
    began their own erotic dance within the main dance.  
By the time the third song
    began playing, Angie felt something she had never felt before. She had always
    felt beautiful but now she felt sexy, and that was new. She was discovering
    that sexy and pretty are two completely different things.  
During the fourth song, Doris
    led Angie over to Ben, and the two women worked together to get him undressed.
    Angie noted that Doris carefully folded all of his clothes and put them neatly
    on the coffee table.  
Once Ben was naked, Doris
    knelt between his legs. She said, &ldquo;Watch what I do.&rdquo; Doris used
    her tongue, gently licking Ben's cock and balls until he was fully erect.
    Then she took him into her mouth and began bobbing up and down. She was going
    down until her nose was buried in his pubic hair, and Angie could see her
    cheeks hollow as she sucked. After a couple of minutes, she stopped and said, &ldquo;OK,
    now you try.&rdquo;  
Angie knelt between Ben's
    legs and pushed her tongue out, sliding the tip across the head of his cock.
    Then she started licking it and finally put it into her mouth. Doris reminded
    her to keep using her tongue, so she swirled it all around the head as she
    bobbed up and down.  
Doris could see she wasn't
    sucking, so she told Angie not to forget the suction. Soon Angie was doing
    a credible job, but was only working the top couple of inches of Ben's cock.
    After a few minutes, Doris told her to try going deeper, and Angie started
    trying to get further down on Ben's cock. When it hit the back of her throat,
    her gag reflex made her choke.  
Doris said, &ldquo;Keep trying.
    I'll help.&rdquo; Each time Angie started to gag, Doris slapped her hard
    across her butt. The distraction seemed to work, and Angie was able to get
    further down on each stroke. While she didn't manage to take him all the
    way, both Ben and Doris thought she did well for her first time.  
Before long, Ben was ready.
    He told Doris to finish him by hand. Angie watched in fascination as his
    come arched into the air and landed on his belly. She had never seen a man
    come before.  
When he was finished, Ben
    reached down with two fingers and ran them through the come on his belly.
    He licked his fingers clean and said, &ldquo;See, it doesn't taste bad. Try
    it.&rdquo;  
Angie very hesitantly dipped
    one finger into the white fluid and then licked it off. He was right. It
    wasn't unpleasant. It actually had very little flavor.  
&ldquo;OK,&rdquo; Ben continued, &ldquo;Now
    clean the rest off with your tongue. Take your time.&rdquo;  
Angie leaned forward and slowly
    cleaned his belly with tiny licks of her tongue. Then, following instructions
    from Doris, she continued down and sucked Ben's flaccid cock into her mouth.
    In a few minutes, Ben was hard again.  
Ben pulled her up so she was
    straddling his lap on the sofa. Doris held his cock and guided it into Angie
    as she sat on Ben's lap, facing him. Ben's hands were on her waist, and,
    following his gentle guidance, she began to move up and down on his cock.
    Soon she had a good rhythm.  
As Angie moved on Ben's cock,
    Doris stood behind her, pressing her naked body against Angie's back. As
    Angie moved slowly up and down, Doris reached around, using one hand to fondle
    a breast while the other dipped down and began to tease Angie's clit. In
    a couple of minutes, Angie experienced her first orgasm during intercourse.  
Having just come, Ben had
    no trouble going for almost 20 minutes. Doris kept her hands busy, and Angie
    crashed through several more orgasms before Ben finally came. When they lowered
    Angie to the sofa, her eyes were glassy. Doris kissed her, and Angie kissed
    back hard. Soon the two women were kissing with open mouths, their tongues
    dancing and their arms wrapped around each other.  
Angie's head was spinning
    out of control. She had never remotely considered being with another woman,
    but she couldn't deny that the deep kissing was having a profound effect
    on her. Angie had spent most of her life starved for affection.  
The simple fact was that she
    had not been the iceball in her marriage, her husband had. She had received
    more affection and affirmation today than she had in the last 20 years, and
    her mind was overwhelmed. For the first time since she was a child, she felt
    valued, and she wanted desperately to please the people who made her feel
    this way.  
Doris broke the kiss and looked
    up at Ben. &ldquo;Please, Sir, may we continue?&rdquo; Ben nodded his consent
    and got off the sofa to give the women more room.  
Doris kissed her way down
    Angie's body, spending a lot of time on her breasts. Before long the two
    women were arranged in a classic 69, with Doris on top. Ben sat in a wing
    chair and watched the two women play for almost an hour, and he quickly lost
    count of their orgasms.  
When they finally tired of
    playing with each other, Ben moved back to the sofa and sat between them
    again. He asked Angie what she thought of her first day in her new home.  
She looked up at him with
    an expression that was very hard to read. &ldquo;I love it here,&rdquo; was
    all she said.  
After cuddling on the sofa
    for a while, Ben stood and picked Angie up in his arms. He carried her back
    to her room and Doris opened the covers so he could lay her gently in her
    bed. He tucked her in and said, &ldquo;Sleep well, little slave. We'll see
    you in the morning.&rdquo; She was asleep before they were out of the room.  
Doris and Ben discussed the
    day's events at some length. Ben had expected Angie to require much more
    punishment before she adapted to her new life, but so far she had received
    only one punishment stroke of the cane. He didn't count the whipping, since
    that had been done in a very sensual way and not to punish her.  
Doris told Ben that she really
    liked Angie, and that it was working out even better than she had anticipated.
    Ben reminded her that she and Angie were only allowed to pleasure each other
    if he was present.  
Angie woke early the next
    morning, and took a long shower. She carefully shaved again, and then fixed
    her hair. She found some toiletries and such in her bathroom, so she applied
    deodorant and perfume. Then she sat quietly on the edge of her bed with her
    hands in her lap and waited.  
While she was waiting, she
    thought about how her life had changed in the last 24 hours. She had been
    free 24 hours before, and then Ben and Doris had blackmailed her into becoming
    their slave. She knew she was completely owned by them and that they could
    do whatever they liked with her, but it didn't worry her.  
After spending over an hour
    thinking about it, she realized she was glad it had happened. The previous
    day, after the fear of the meeting with Ben, had been the best day of her
    entire life. She found that she was looking forward to the coming day, which
    was something she hadn't done in a long time.  
Her life previous to yesterday's
    events had become a burden to her. She had been deeply ashamed about stealing
    the drugs, constantly fearful about her finances, and there had been nobody
    who cared even a little bit about her. Even her son had not called in nearly
    three months. She had begun to think about suicide.  
Now that life was done. It
    was like being born all over again. Her old life had been washed away, and
    whatever remnants of it that had tried to remain had been burned in the fires
    of her newfound passion. She thought back to the moment when Ben had asked
    her what she was and she had replied, &ldquo;I'm your slave, Sir.&rdquo;  
That, she knew, was the moment
    she had let go of her previous life.  
When Ben came to wake her,
    he found her sitting on the edge of the bed. He asked her how long she had
    been awake.  
&ldquo;I woke up at 5:30,
    Sir, so I got up and took a shower. Then I just waited here for you or the
    Mistress to come for me. I've been trying to sit up straight like you want
    me to. I hope that it was OK to take a shower, Sir.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;That's fine, Angie.
    Your hair looks nice. What have you been thinking about, sitting there?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I thought about how
    my previous life ended, Sir. I'm glad it did. It wasn't much of a life, anyway.
    Then I thought about how I could be more pleasing to you and my Mistress.
    I want to be a better dancer, and I have so much to learn about sex. I'll
    do the best I can, Sir.&rdquo;  
Ben sat down next to her. &ldquo;You
    have done well so far. I thought it would take a lot more punishment before
    you accepted your new life as a slave. How is it you adapted so quickly?&rdquo;  
Angie thought for a long time
    before she answered, and then she answered in a voice so low Ben had to strain
    to hear her. &ldquo;I think I have always been a slave, Sir. I just didn't
    have a Master before.&rdquo;  
Ben wrapped his arms around
    her and kissed her for the first time. Angie molded against him with no hesitation
    at all. As he kissed her, she felt her nipples come erect and she could sense
    the moisture flooding her pussy. Her husband had seldom kissed her, and even
    when he did, it had never had this kind of an effect on her.  
Ben felt her kiss change from
    light passion to intense need. Angie was moaning softly now, as she tried
    her best to merge their two bodies into one. Ben was unprepared for the suddenness
    of her passion and took a moment to catch up. Then he pushed her onto her
    back and held her down by her hair with one hand while he stroked her body
    with the other.  
In no time, Angie was writhing
    under his hand. She couldn't believe how turned on she was. His touch was
    like fire moving over her skin, and her mind had whirled out of her control
    completely. When he slipped his fingers into her slit, she came hard on his
    hand, moaning and bucking her hips.  
When she had settled down,
    he released her and helped her to her feet. &ldquo;Please, Sir, I don't know
    what's happening to me. I've never been like this before. It's like I can't
    control myself at all.&rdquo;  
Ben chuckled at her as he
    led her to the kitchen. &ldquo;Don't worry about it, little slave. You aren't
    supposed to be able to control yourself anymore. I have that control now,
    and I'm pleased by how responsive you're becoming.&rdquo;  
Angie and Doris quickly made
    a breakfast of eggs, cereal, fresh-squeezed juice, and tea. Once they had
    eaten, they all got into Ben's Jag and headed for Angie's apartment. Stan
    and David, the two young men Ben had hired, were already there with a U-Haul
    truck, and they all got right to work loading everything Angie owned into
    the truck.  
They had bought lots of boxes
    when they rented the truck, so Ben, Doris, and Angie packed the boxes while
    Stan and David carried everything down to the truck from Angie's second-floor
    apartment. The landlord, a Mr. Johnson, showed up around 11am. He was upset
    at first that there had been no notice given, but Ben explained that his
    hiring of Angie had happened suddenly and she hadn't known she was moving
    until the previous day. Ben gave him a check for the remaining three months
    of the lease, and he went away happy.  
They ordered some pizzas delivered
    and ate a quick lunch before getting back to work, and by 2pm everything
    was packed and in the truck. They all went back to the house, and, with everyone
    helping and the truck backed right up to the door, they were able to offload
    everything into the garage in just over an hour.  
Ben paid Stan and David, and
    then he and the women went inside to collapse on the sofa. It had been a
    long day. After a soda and a half-hour rest, they all felt rested enough
    to get into the shower. Luckily the shower in the master bath was huge, with
    several shower heads, and they all had a good time scrubbing each other.  
Once they were clean, they
    all got into the hot tub. Doris asked if she could kiss Angie, and when Ben
    said it was OK, the two women began to kiss and fondle each other. In a couple
    of minutes, both were getting hot, and not from the water. Ben finally told
    them to dry off and go into the play room.  
This time Ben put the cuffs
    on Doris, and had Angie help him fasten her standing with her legs well spread
    and hands pulled high over her head. Ben had put suspension cuffs on Doris,
    and he pulled her arms up until she was straining to keep her tiptoes on
    the floor. Then they put a blindfold on her. Once she was secured, Ben started
    with the flogger he had used on Angie the day before.  
Ben really took his time.
    Doris was already sexually aroused from her make-out session with Angie,
    and soon the flogger had her moaning and writhing in her bonds. As Ben moved
    around her, covering her body with lashes from the flogger, he slowly upped
    the intensity of the blows. Angie watched in awe as Doris gradually lost
    all control of herself.  
After perhaps 15 minutes of
    this sensual flogging Doris was moaning constantly and thrusting her hips
    in an involuntary motion. Ben motioned to Angie and she quickly obeyed, kneeling
    between her mistress's legs and applying her fingers and tongue to the dripping
    pussy.  
Doris came immediately, spasming
    hard on Angie's tongue and quivering all over. Angie kept licking while Ben
    kept flogging, and perhaps a minute later, Doris came again. Almost before
    that orgasm had ended, another started, and they were pretty much continuous
    from then until Ben finally called a halt about 10 minutes later. By then
    Doris was just hanging limp from the suspension cuffs, barely moving as the
    orgasms shot through her one after another.  
Ben held her up while Angie
    got the ropes unclipped, and then he carried her to the padded table. He
    quickly stretched her out on the table and fastened her limbs down. Doris
    was hardly conscious of what he was doing. Ben quickly inserted a powerful
    vibrator into her pussy and set a heavy, iron weight on the table between
    her legs, pushing it against the vibrator to hold it in place. When he turned
    on the vibrator, Doris started coming again almost immediately.  
Ben turned his attention to
    Angie. She was practically out of control with desire for him, and pressed
    her body against him as soon as she sensed it was OK to do so. Ben grabbed
    her butt cheeks and lifted her up, then lowered her onto his cock. She had
    wrapped her arms around his neck and quickly wrapped her legs around his
    waist, moving her hips back and forth frantically.  
He felt so good inside her
    that she couldn't get enough, and she pumped him wildly for several minutes
    while their tongues played tag. When Angie came, she screamed out loud and
    then began sobbing as the power of the release overwhelmed her. When she
    had come back to earth, Ben gently set her down and then pushed her to her
    knees in front of him.  
Angie needed no prompting
    to slide her lips around his cock, and the motion seemed to come naturally
    to her this time. She worked and sucked his cock, gradually going deeper
    and deeper, until she could feel his hair on her nose each time she went
    down. Before long, he erupted into her waiting mouth, and she sucked him
    dry.  
Ben pulled Angie to her feet
    and they went over to see how Doris was doing. She was still oblivious to
    anything around her. Her hips were moving in circles, and the sound she was
    making was hard to describe &ndash; sort of a combination of moaning and
    grunting. It was obvious she was still coming constantly.  
Ben took Angie's hands and
    put them on Doris's tits. As Angie started to kneed and stroke, Ben removed
    the weight and began moving the vibrator in and out. Doris's hips started
    bucking up and down in rhythm with his thrusts. At the same time, Angie started
    using her mouth of Doris's nipples. In moments the soft, continuous coming
    changed into a hard, crashing orgasm so powerful that Doris passed out completely.  
When she awoke, Doris was
    still on the table, but she was no longer ties down and the blindfold was
    gone. Ben was caressing her upper body from one side of the table, while
    Angie stroked her lower regions from the other side. Doris didn't say anything
    for several minutes, and when she finally broke her silence, she said, &ldquo;Thank
    you both. That was amazing. I've never felt anything like that. It was torture
    and bliss at the same time. I was so sensitive that everything you did to
    my pussy felt like I was being burned, but I couldn't stop coming.&rdquo;  
Once they had all returned
    to a more or less normal mental state, they retrieved the box containing
    Angie's financial records from the garage. After spreading it all out on
    the dining room table, they got to work figuring out what she owed, and to
    whom. Ben made out checks for the balance on all of the credit card accounts
    and the car loan.  
They also did a letter to
    enclose with the credit card payments telling the companies to close the
    accounts. Ben did have her leave one credit card account open. &ldquo;You
    never know, I may want you to rent a car or something. We'll keep it and
    put it away for you.&rdquo;  
It took about four hours to
    get it all done and the records organized and filed. Just that fast, Angie
    was off the credit tit. Of course it had cost Ben nearly $30K to get it done.
    While they were doing the books for Angie, they had Chinese delivered, so
    dinner was covered. When they had the books done everyone was pretty tired,
    so they went to bed.  
The next morning, Doris woke
    Angie at 6am. She had time to shower before helping get breakfast ready.
    Since she had still not been given permission to dress, she was completely
    naked. At breakfast, Ben presented each of the women with a set of SmartBalls.
    Angie had never seen anything like them before.  
They were two silicone covered
    balls connected together in the middle with a short neck. There was a string
    attached to one end to make it easier to remove them. Each ball obviously
    had another ball inside that was rolling and rattling around. The whole thing
    was about 4&rdquo; long and just under 1.5&rdquo; in diameter at the widest
    points of the balls. Angie didn't have any trouble imagining where they went.  
Ben just said, &ldquo;Put
    them in.&rdquo; Doris got a bottle of lube and put a little on each set,
    and Ben watched as the two women inserted the SmartBalls up into their vaginas.
    Once they were in, Ben said, &ldquo;Keep those in until I tell you to take
    them out, which will be sometime tonight. Have a nice day, girls.&rdquo;  
After Ben left for work, Doris
    and Angie cleaned up the kitchen. Once that was done, they went to the garage,
    which was attached, and brought in the boxes with Angie's clothes in them.
    Doris helped her go through them. She knew what Ben liked, and she also knew
    what he didn't like.  
Ben liked outfits that were
    sexy without being sluttish, and he likes lacy underwear. He didn't like
    clothes that were too conservative, and he didn't like clothes he thought
    looked too &ldquo;male.&rdquo; Dresses were good. Pantsuits were bad. He
    also liked the look of bib overalls on women. In shoes he preferred sneakers
    and didn't like high-heeled pumps, which he thought were ridiculous and impractical.
    He had once told Doris that if she wanted to look like a slut she should
    just wear kneepads.  
Both women found that the
    SmartBalls made the day very interesting. Every time they moved, even just
    a little, the rattles in the balls bounced around, sending subtle vibrations
    through their pussies. In no time they were very aroused, but it seemed unlikely
    that there was enough stimulus to actually make them come. They were talking
    about how crazy it was going to make them by evening.  
About two thirds of Angie's
    clothes were deemed unsuitable by Doris and went into the back of her Expedition
    for the Salvation Army. Once that was done, both women dressed and they left.  
The first stop was the Hospital.
    Doris went in with Angie to lend support. They had prepared a letter of resignation,
    which Angie handed in, along with a brief explanation of why she was leaving
    without notice. Once that was done, they moved on to Ben's accountant.  
The accountant was arranging
    all of the employment stuff for Angie. He had a bunch of forms for her to
    fill out so he could set up the workman's comp, life insurance, health insurance,
    tax stuff, retirement plan, etc. Ben wanted her well covered, and he wanted
    it to look like she was an ordinary employee. Ben had several full time employees
    in his medical practice, and Angie's status as an RN made it easy. Nobody
    is surprised when doctors employ nurses, and the story was that she would
    be a visiting nurse, calling on Ben's patients in their homes to check on
    them.  
As they left the accountant's
    and were walking back to the vehicle, Doris suddenly stamped her feet and
    groaned. Angie asked her what the matter was.  
&ldquo;It's these balls. They
    are driving me crazy. Don't they bother you?&rdquo;  
Angie shook her head. &ldquo;Yes,
    I feel like I'm 75% of the way to an orgasm, and I can't get any closer.
    I sure hope he doesn't make us wear them every day. Riding in the car is
    maybe the worst. They just bounce all the time&rdquo;  
After they dropped off the
    clothes at the Salvation Army, they stopped at the Mall for lunch in the
    food court. Once they'd eaten, they went to a couple of lingerie shops to
    get Angie some new underwear, and then headed home. On the way home, Doris
    broke the news to Angie. &ldquo;Ben wants us to stay in shape, so he insisted
    that we do an hour of exercise and aerobics this afternoon. That should be
    interesting with these SmartBalls in place.&rdquo;  
The two women spent an hour
    dancing and exercising to some rock music. By the end of the hour, they were
    both tired and also incredibly turned on. The SmartBalls had done their work
    well. They just had time to shower before Ben arrived home from work. As
    he had instructed in the morning, they were both naked.  
&ldquo;Well,&rdquo; Ben asked, &ldquo;How
    did you like the SmartBalls?&rdquo;  
Doris answered for both of
    them. &ldquo;I think they are devious. It doesn't seem so bad at first, but
    the cumulative effect of spending a whole day unable to think of anything
    but sex is much more intense than I had expected.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Good,&rdquo; Ben replied. &ldquo;Now
    you know how guys feel every day.&rdquo; That got a laugh from both women.  
After dinner, Ben had his
    slaves dance for him for almost an hour. By then they were desperate for
    some relief from the constant, nagging vibration between their legs. Finally
    Ben gave them permission to remove the SmartBalls and pleasure each other.  
After a little preliminary
    kissing and fondling, they quickly assumed a 69 position on the floor, with
    Angie on top this time. Before long they were both coming every few minutes.
    When Ben tired of watching, he had them follow him into the Master bedroom.
    He lay on the bed and had Doris straddle him so he could use his tongue on
    her pussy.  
While he was licking her,
    Angie started work on his cock, and her mouth work was steadily improving.
    After Doris came, Ben had the women switch so he could get Angie off while
    Doris finished him orally. When he was satisfied, he had Angie stay in his
    bed instead of returning to her own. Angie was hoping that this could become
    a permanent arrangement.  
Ben and Doris were each thinking
    the same thing. It seemed silly for Angie to sleep in another room. After
    all, she had been naked for three days now whenever they were in the house,
    not to mention all the sex. There was no point in pretending she was just
    a visitor, sleeping in the guest room. They would have to think about it.  
The next morning they all
    showered together, and then they repeated the previous night's activities,
    except that this time the women took turns riding Ben's cock while he drove
    them crazy with his tongue. Ben had always had excellent control, so he was
    able to drive both Angie and Doris to multiple climaxes before he finally
    let loose himself. Later, at work, he would be surprised to find that he
    could not recall which woman had actually been riding him when he came.  
That night, the fourth evening
    of Angie's new captivity, Ben called a meeting. He was sitting in the wing-backed
    chair in the living room, and the two women, both naked of course, were kneeling
    at his feet.  
He started things off with
    a direct question. &ldquo;Tell me, Angie, how are you adjusting so far? I
    hope you aren't too unhappy with your new life.&rdquo;  
Angie's smile was truly radiant.
    Right then she could have lit up a football stadium with that smile. &ldquo;I'm
    very happy, Sir. In my whole life before Saturday morning I never even imagined
    it was possible to be this happy. Thank you both so very much for making
    me your slave.&rdquo;  
Angie's eyes got a naughty
    twinkle, and she continued. &ldquo;I would like to show my gratitude in a
    more personal way, if my Master and Mistress will allow it.&rdquo;  
Ben and Doris were more than
    happy to let her show her gratitude for a long time that night, and after
    she had shown her gratitude to them for a while, they showed her again just
    why she was so happy.  
And yes, Angie did get to
    sleep in the Master bed from then on.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BDSM Bill


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





