BDSM Library - The Torturer's Apprentice




The Torturer's Apprentice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every Prince should learn a practical trade, like for instance, learning out to be an Inquisitor.The Standard Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction with content suitable only
for adults (and stable ones at that). If you are prohibited from reading such
material by the laws or standards of your community please depart immediately.
Likewise, if you can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy kindly
leave and seek professional help. The Torturer&rsquo;s Apprentice  
by  
von Hentzau  
 Heinrich, Crown Prince of the Principality of Pfalz-Untergraubund, was just
  finishing his mid-day repast when the courtier entered the Prince&rsquo;s private
  chambers.  
 &ldquo;Your majesty,&rdquo; the man said, bowing low. &ldquo;Your new instructor
  sends word that he has made his preparations and is ready to start your lessons
  at any time you so choose.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Excellent,&rdquo; the Prince said. The man, Fra Gropius, had only
  just arrived this morning. The Prince had been eager to get started. It delighted
  him that, unlike many such men, experts in their field who seemed to take pleasure
  in wasting as much time as possible, this man came in and was ready to go to
  work almost immediately. &ldquo;Most excellent. Tell the good friar that I
  shall join him momentarily. He is in the chambers that I ordered prepared for
  him?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;He is, sire,&rdquo; the courtier said, still bowing. &ldquo;And he
  asked that I inform your highness that he finds the accommodation most suitable.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Good, good,&rdquo; the Prince responded. &ldquo;Once you&rsquo;ve
  delivered my reply, proceed to the dungeon and have the warder bring the subject
  to the chambers I ordered prepared for the good friar.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;At once, excellency,&rdquo; the man replied, backing out of the chamber
  still maintaining a bow.  
 Prince Heinrich finished the last capon, tossed back the last of the wine
  in his goblet, and since no one was looking, wiped his hands on the table cloth.
  He stood up and called to his chamberlain.  
 &ldquo;Fritz,&rdquo; he said, trying not to show too much anticipation in
  his voice, &ldquo;I expect to be in consultation with Friar Gropius for the
  afternoon. I shall not want to be disturbed.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Yes, your Majesty,&rdquo; Fritz replied. All to the good, Fritz thought.
  Perhaps I can get some work done this afternoon. For a change.  
 The Prince strode out of his chamber and set a fast pace towards the East
  Tower, the one that was mostly composed of unused chambers. The one with the
  most privacy. The one where he&rsquo;d had a torture chamber installed for
  Fra Gropius&rsquo; use.  
 There was of course a perfectly useable torture chamber in the dungeon. But
  it was cold and drafty, always damp. And usually quite busy. The Prince wanted
  a venue where he had Fra Gropius&rsquo; full attention. So the East Tower it
  was.  
 A pair of guards, in polished helmets and breastplates, stood on either side
  of the entrance to the chamber he&rsquo;d selected. They snapped to attention
  when the Prince approached, bringing their crossed halberds to an upright position.
  After maintaining the position for a few second one if the men reached out
  and opened the door for the Prince. The Prince strode past them without acknowledgment.  
 The friar was standing in the center of the chamber, an older man whose coarse
  brown monkish robes couldn&rsquo;t conceal that, while he may have subsisted
  on the plain fare proper to a monk, he didn&rsquo;t stint the quantity. He
  bowed, a monkish bow, adequate to demonstrate his submission to his aristocratic
  superior and new employer, but sufficiently restrained to indicate his own
  status as a man of the cloth.  
 &ldquo;Welcome, Friar Gropius,&rdquo; the Prince said. &ldquo;I hope everything
  is to your liking.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;It is quite adequate, your Majesty,&rdquo; the monk replied. &ldquo;The
  equipment is of most excellent quality. Far better than one finds in many of
  the Inquisition&rsquo;s chambers. But that&rsquo;s how it is, you know, with
  such large organizations. They always find so many ways to spend their money
  without thinking of how it could best be spent to aid those who actually do
  the work.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Quite so, quite so,&rdquo; the Prince agreed. &ldquo;But here, as
  His Highness, my father, so often says, we do not stint coins for that which
  needs to be done. I&rsquo;ve looked forwards to working with you for so long
  I would not risk compromising the experience with inferior tools.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Your Majesty has long had an interest in the methods of inquiry? If
  I may say so, that is fairly unusual among those of your station in life. Most
  often, in my experience, they desire results and care little for how they are
  produced.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Also quite true, good Friar. But as, God willing, I shall have a good
  many years before assuming my father&rsquo;s throne, I&rsquo;ve decided that
  that time would be best spent learning how the various functionaries of the
  royal government perform their duties.&rdquo; He paused for a moment before
  continuing in a slightly conspiratorial tone. &ldquo;And, with the state of
  the world in the perilous times I&rsquo;m sure you&rsquo;re aware of what a
  useful function men such as yourself perform.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Your highness flatters me,&rdquo; the monk replied.  
 &ldquo;Not at all. When I went seeking a teacher of the arts of inquiry I
  sought out a man of great reputation and superior qualifications. Your name
  came up repeatedly. In years of practice and communities served there are few
  to compete with you.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Why, yes,&rdquo; Fra Gropius replied, &ldquo;I have been in the profession
  a good long time. &lsquo;Twas the Year of Our lord 1529 when I first assisted
  at an inquiry by the office of the Holy Inquisition. I couldn&rsquo;t tell
  you how many heretics and witches I&rsquo;ve exposed in all those years.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;You&rsquo;ve rather specialized in witches, I understand?&rdquo; the
  Prince asked.  
 &ldquo;Yes, witches, females heretics, and many female criminals who&rsquo;ve
  been misled by the Devil. Women seem particularly prone to be misled into sin
  and abominations. Most especially the young, attractive ones. The devil seems
  to have an affinity for them and they seem singularly susceptible to his enticements.
  I only hope that I&rsquo;ve been able to help at least a few of them find the
  path towards repentance.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;And I&rsquo;m told you&rsquo;ve invented techniques of inquiry particularly
  suited to the questioning of women?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;But of course.&rdquo; the Friar replied, a bit smugly. &ldquo;One
  works with what God gives him. And if the Devil has found weaknesses in the
  way God has made women that he uses to exploit them, then God has also made
  them with, um, points at which we may apply, um, coercive methods to great
  effect. To make them see the errors into which the Devil has led them.&rdquo;  
 Both Prince and Friar turned to look as the heavy wooden door swung open
  on creaking hinges. A trio of men entered, heavy-set, sweaty and rather unpleasant
  looking men in metal studded leather jerkins and steel helmets. Almost hidden
  in their midst was a young peasant women. The Prince motioned to a spot some
  eight feet away from him and the Friar. The dungeon guards escorted their charge
  to the spot indicated and stopped.  
 &ldquo;Very good,&rdquo; the Prince said. &ldquo;You may go now.&rdquo;  
 The three men bowed, not as deeply as a courtier but perhaps as deeply as
  their large girth permitted, and departed, leaving the girl.  
 &ldquo;Ah, our subject has arrived,&rdquo; the Prince said. &ldquo;This peasant
  girl has been chosen for you to demonstrate your art on.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Very good, Sire,&rdquo; The Friar replied, eyeing the girl up and
  down.  
 She was clearly of peasant stock. The bodice of her dress could not conceal
  the existence of the full peasant breasts behind it. The voluminous skirt of
  homespun wool could not hide the swelling of her hips, or the narrowness of
  her waist. In other circumstances, at some time in the future, after bearing
  a half dozen or more children she would have the heavy body of her mother and
  grandmother. But at this time in life she had the full but trim form of a young,
  attractive peasant girl.  
 The Friar assessed his subject with his professional eye. The clothing was
  lightly soiled, but not torn. The thickl, black hair was only slightly disarrayed,
  with a few stray bits of straw stuck in it. She had apparently not been mistreated
  in her confinement.  
 &ldquo;How long has she been held?&rdquo; he asked.  
 &ldquo;Five days, I believe,&rdquo; the Prince replied.  
 &ldquo;And you gave orders that she not be mistreated?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Yes. I thought it best if we started afresh.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;A wise choice. We may thus start as if she had only now been apprehended.&rdquo; He
  turned to the prisoner. &ldquo;What is your name, child?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Annelise, excellency,&rdquo; the girl replied, doing a sort of uncertain
  half-curtsey. She was uncertain of how to act among her superiors in such circumstances.  
 &ldquo;Now, Sire, what is it we seek to learn from the prisoner?&rdquo; Fra
  Gropius asked turning back to the Prince.  
 &ldquo;What?&rdquo; the Prince asked, somewhat surprised.  
 &ldquo;What is it she&rsquo;s accused of?&rdquo; Fra Gropius asked. &ldquo;Suspected
  witch? Elderly husband she recently married who died mysteriously? Talks to
  her pets, who are undoubtedly imps in disguise?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Oh, she isn&rsquo;t accused of anything,&rdquo; the Prince replied. &ldquo;I
  merely asked my chamberlain to find a suitable subject, preferably an attractive
  one, to practice upon. Most likely she&rsquo;s just a serving girl whose master
  handed her over because he tired of her or, perhaps, she wouldn&rsquo;t accede
  to his wishes.&rdquo;  
 Annelise nearly shouted out &ldquo;That is precisely what happened, your
  Majesty. That smelly old bastard Pieterzon sold me for refusing to bed him.&rdquo; But
  she held her voice. She really didn&rsquo;t understand what was going on and
  was used to keeping silent in the presence of her betters.  
 &ldquo;You mean she has no secrets that we must discover?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;She knows nothing of any interest to us, unless you desire to know
  the names of the cowherds and stableboys she&rsquo;s fornicated with.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;But then what is the point in our putting the question to her?&rdquo; Fra
  Gropius said, a slight smile turning the corner of his mouth.  
 &ldquo;Why, she is only here as an object, a blank canvass on which to display
  your art.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;But, Sire, our profession has a purpose, and that is finding that
  which the subject does not want found. Certainly I could demonstrate the technique
  to you upon this frail creature. But how would we know how successful we had
  been? We could as well whip a pile of blankets or take the hot irons to a side
  of bacon.&rdquo;  
 Standing off to one side, listening, Annelise&rsquo;s eyes began to grow
  wide.  
 &ldquo;No, Sire. If you are to have the best of training in the art you must
  have a subject who possesses a secret, something which we must force her to
  divulge.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Shall I send for another subject? An accused witch or a woman who&rsquo;s
  suspected of killing her husband? Something of that sort? I&rsquo;m sure we
  could find one in the villages.&rdquo;  
 Fra Gropius eyed the peasant girl for a long minute. Something in his gaze
  made Annelise cringe.  
 &ldquo;Oh, no, no, no. That&rsquo;s not necessary.&rdquo;  
 Fra Gropius stepped over to Annelise. He took her arm and led her a few steps
  away from the Prince. He leaned over and whispered in her ear.  
 &ldquo;The butterfly is yellow&rdquo;  
 Annelise turned her head to look at him, confused.  
 &ldquo;That, my dear, is your secret,&rdquo; Fra Gropius said. &ldquo;The
  butterfly is yellow. His majesty will try to make you say that. Repeat it after
  me, but look this way, that His Majesty will not see what words your lips form.
  And do it quietly, that he not hear.&rdquo;  
 Annelise turned her head as instructed.  
 &ldquo;The butterfly is yellow.&rdquo; she whispered.  
 &ldquo;Very good,&rdquo; Fra Gropius said, leading her back towards the Prince. &ldquo;Now,
  don&rsquo;t forget it. And recall that it is a secret. You will not reveal
  it, even if I ask you to.&rdquo;  
 Fra Gropius turned back to face the Prince.  
 &ldquo;What I have done, Majesty,&rdquo; he said, slightly pompously, &ldquo;is
  given Annelise a secret. It is a sentence the she and I know, but you do not.
  It will be your task to force it from her.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Very clever of you, Friar,&rdquo; the Prince replied. &ldquo;But what&rsquo;s
  to prevent her from screaming out the words on the first stroke of the lash?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Because, Majesty,&rdquo; Fra Gropius said, slightly smirking, &ldquo;when
  Annelise reveals the secret, Annelise will be put to death. I think that will
  give her incentive enough, don&rsquo;t you?&rdquo;  
 Annelise grew noticeably more pale at the words.  
 &ldquo;Indeed, it will,&rdquo; the Prince replied. &ldquo;However..&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Yes, Majesty?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;What if, in the course of the inquiry, the subject decides that a
  quick death is preferable to continued torment?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Simply prevented,&rdquo; Fra Gropius replied. &ldquo;Make the method
  of execution sufficiently horrible and of sufficient duration that whatever
  other tortures you choose to inflict will seem endurable by comparison.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Have you any suggestions along those lines? I&rsquo;m sure you&rsquo;ve
  encountered some quite inventive methods in your travels.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Indeed I have, Majesty. You might consider the fate of a fool who
  attempted to assassinate the King of the France.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;I understand they&rsquo;re quite good at these things. Go on.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;A team of horses was tied to each arm and leg, then driven in different
  directions. And for a touch of the style for which the French are well know,
  while the horses pulled the fellow apart boiling wax was poured over his primitives.
  Of course, the actual implementation did not go off without problems. The fellow
  was stronger than anticipated and the horses were unable to tear him apart.
  The executioners were required to use their knives to help things along.&rdquo;  
 There was a muffled thump as Annelise collapsed into a heap on the stone
  floor.  
 &ldquo;Oh dear,&rdquo; said Fra Gropius. &ldquo;I do hope this isn&rsquo;t
  indicative of how she&rsquo;ll behave in the middle of a session.&rdquo;  
 It was some minutes before Annelise was able to collect herself. The Prince
  was all for throwing a bucket of water over her, but the Friar counseled patience.  
 &ldquo;Now, how do we start?&rdquo; the Prince asked.  
 &ldquo;Quite simply. We show the subject the implements,&rdquo; the Friar
  said. &ldquo;You&rsquo;d be surprised how often the sight of our devices will
  convince a miscreant to repent. I suggest you try it.&rdquo;  
 The Prince went to Annelise. He stood, towering over her for a minute or
  two. He marveled at how she seemed to shrivel beneath his gaze. Finally he
  spoke.  
 &ldquo;You have a secret, prisoner,&rdquo; he said in his most authoritative
  voice. &ldquo;Do you see these implements?&rdquo; He motioned at the array
  of fearsome devices.  
 Annelise nodded, then answered with a barely audible &ldquo;yes&rdquo;.  
 &ldquo;Do you know what hey are? What they are used for. What they can do?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Yes. Some of them,&rdquo; she answered, still in barely audible voice.  
 &ldquo;Do you want us to have to use them on you?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;No.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Then you must reveal your secret to us.&rdquo;  
 Annelise started to speak, then stopped. Fra Gropius had quietly stepped
  to her side.  
 &ldquo;Remember, child, when you reveal the secret, you will die,&rdquo; he
  whispered.  
 Annelise, eyes welling with tears, looked from the Friar to the Prince and
  back. Would they really have her killed if she revealed the secret? What would
  they do to her if she didn&rsquo;t? Would they really execute her in such a
  barbaric manner as the Friar had described? Not knowing what to do, she resolved
  the safest course was to do nothing. She stood between the men, looking past
  them, lips firmly closed.  
 &ldquo;So, Friar, she seems not easily intimidated. What implement do we
  use first?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;None, Majesty,&rdquo; he replied.  
 &ldquo;None?&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;The implements are best employed when the subject has been properly
  prepared. Annelise has been confined but treated more or less kindly. She is
  not much different than if the guards had just brought her from her tavern
  or farmhouse. However, after a month or two chained in one of the lower dungeons,
  given only moldy bread and water, she would most likely be much more cooperative.
  Quite often a subject is ready to confess after a week or two of such treatment
  without need of further persuasion.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;I see your point, Friar, but I&rsquo;d rather not wait a month for
  my next lesson.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Of course, there are ways to achieve similar results more quickly.
  Please summon the Captain of you Guards and I will instruct him in what needs
  to be done. We will then continue the inquiry on the morrow.&rdquo;  
to be continue..........  
Copyright is claimed on this work by the author. Permission to copy, republish
  or distribute it in any form is expressly prohibited with the sole exception
  of personal, non-commercial use.  
(Author's note: In Part I there is a section that reads "boiling wax was
  poured over his primitives". That should be "privities". Wordperfect Spell
  Checker seemed to think I meant the former. Such is the peril of clicking through
  Spell Checker too quickly.)  
The Torturer's Apprentice   
 Part II   
by   
von Hentzau   
 The Captain of the Guard entered, followed by two of his men. He reported
  to the Prince, then turned to face the Friar, who had stepped to his side.  
 "Good Captain," the monk said. "You recall the tentative instructions I
  gave you earlier?"  
 "Certainly, good Friar," the man replied.  
 "Very good, very good," the monk said folding his arms under his monk's
  robes. "You will now proceed to carry them out as I described them."  
"Yes sir," the Captain of the Guard said, drawing
  himself up to a rigid position of attention. "With pleasure, sir."  
The Captain signaled to the men. They took position
  on either side of Annelise, facing the door. Meekly she turned to also face
  the door. The Captain proceeded them through the door. The trio followed. As
  they passed through the door Annelise heard the Friar address the Prince.  
"..most excellent equipment. Yes. However, if you
  will allow me, m'Lord, there are a few items I've brought..."  
Then they were out the door to the torture chamber,
  down a short passage and into the courtyard. After the dim light of the chamber
  the bright afternoon light made Annelise squint.  
The Captain led the little group across the courtyard.
  They continued on through the gate and down the sloping ramp that led to the
  market square of the small village that sheltered beneath the castle walls.
  There, among the tradesmen's stalls, a pillory and a whipping post had long
  stood. Off to one side there was a gibbet where the bodies of executed criminals
  were displayed.  
They proceeded past the pillory and then the whipping
  post, to Annelise's temporary relief. Then they approached the gibbet. There
  was a low platform beneath the overhanging arm. The two guards on either side
  helped Annelise up onto this platform. She was then turned around to face the
  crowd that was beginning to gather. No one knew of course just what was going
  on, but the sight of a passably attractive peasant girl being escorted to the
  gibbet by a trio of burly guards gave them hope of an afternoon's entertainment.  
The Captain waited only a few moments before he
  gave the command.  
"Strip her," he said in a loud voice.  
There was an excited murmuring in the crowd as
  the two guardsmen made quick work of removing Annelise's rough peasant garments.
  Before she could even think of resisting she was nearly naked. The discarded
  items were tossed assigned and quickly snatched as souvenirs by the townspeople.  
In but a moment her small clothes were gone and
  Annelise was standing stark naked before a growing crowd of half a hundred
  people, many of them strangers but some she knew from the tavern. At Annelise's
  level of society privacy was a rare commodity, but even so to be so totally
  exposed to so many people was terrifying and humiliating. And there was worse
  to come.  
The Captain gave a quick command. Annelise, distracted
  by the crowd, didn't catch what it was, but one of the guardsmen quickly fastened
  a pair manacles around her wrists. The other lowered a rope from the arm of
  the gibbet. With a few quick tugs on the rope Annelise's arms were raised overhead.  
Next the guardsmen bent down and fastened ropes
  to Annelise's ankles. They forced her to spread her legs apart, as wide as
  they would go. When she thought they couldn't go any further strong arms forced
  another inch or so from them. Then they tied her ankles to rings set on the
  edges of the platform. And a final restraint was added. A wooden bit was shoved
  between her jaws and tied in place as a gag.  
The Captain gave final orders to the two men as
  to guarding Annelise, then turned on his heel and strode quickly back to the
  castle. One of the men took up position off to Annelise's left. The other took
  himself off to the tavern until it was his turn to be guard. The crowd began
  edging closer, for a better look.  
The men, common laborers and apprentices for the
  most part, leered and joked among themselves. The women sniffed in disapproval
  of the men's behavior, but also took good sidelong looks. Annelise heard muttered
  comments and questions from the crowd.  
"What's she done?"  
"Who knows? Brought her down from the castle. Must've
  done something."  
It was common practice for criminals to be brought
  down and put on display, as punishment for minor crimes, or while awaiting
  execution for serious crimes. It was not common for the criminal to be young,
  attractive, and stripped naked for the display. The crowd was enjoying the
  novelty immensely.  
"Harlot," sniff, snort. "Probably just a common
  harlot, probably displeased a royal customer."  
"Cutpurse."  
"Pickpocket."  
"Murdered her husband.."  
"..her lover..."  
"What are they going to do..."  
"..hanging..."  
"Has the headsman been seen lately. D'you think
  they're going to take her head?"  
"Must have done something terrible."  
"Sorceress most likely. Tried to put a curse on
  the King."  
"There'll be a burning, then."  
"Have they set up the stake yet?"  
On the platform Annelise caught bits of the conversation,
  the accusations. How could they think such things. She knew some of these people.
  She saw some she'd grown up with in her small village not far from the castle,
  other's she'd served in Pieterzon's tavern. Now they were making up the most
  lurid stories about her and speculating on how she was to be executed. She
  wanted to cry out to them that she was innocent, by sad chance a mere plaything
  in a royal game. But she was gagged and the more she saw of the crowd the more
  she realized they wouldn't listen even if she could speak. An otherwise boring
  day had been brighten for them by her discomfort.  
Unable to protest Annelise could only watch and
  wonder at the behavior of people not much different than herself. The matrons
  looked on in self-righteousness, reproaching her with their eyes for sins or
  crimes unknown. Their husbands tried to look suitably proper, all the while
  trying to get in as good a look at her exposed charms as they could without
  their wives noticing. The young maidens giggled and pointed, whispering comments
  to each other that made them laugh. The young men resembled nothing more than
  an excited pack of dogs with drooling tongues hanging out of their mouths.  
But the small boys were the worst. Given an approved
  victim and driven by urges they were too young to understand they quickly invented
  a game. Encouraged by the others, one would dart forward to slap or pinch Annelise,
  or to poke or whip her with a small stick. Seeing what was happening the guard
  would try to intercept them, sending a few sprawling or running for the shelter
  of the crowd with his boot, but they soon worked him into their game. One or
  two would try to distract him while another darted in to strike.  
The game went on until, emboldened by success,
  the urchins began to target Annelise's breasts and crotch. Shocked at this
  impropriety several of the matrons stepped in and scattered the attackers,
  dragging several off by their ears to their mothers with predictions of the
  dire consequences in store for them.  
The crowd gradually thinned down, though it never
  entirely dispersed. The other guardsman returned in due course from the tavern
  to relieve his comrade on duty. But there was no relief for Annelise. She was
  left standing through the entire afternoon.  
When the sun had gone down, the crowd had finally
  scattered and the merchants had closed their stalls the Captain of the Guard
  came down from the castle. He ordered the two guardsmen to first untie her
  feet, then to release the rope that held her arms up. She nearly collapsed.
  After the hours of standing in the awkward spread leg position she hadn't realized
  how much she'd come to support herself with the rope. As for her shoulders
  and arms, they gone numb long before but now, allowed to return to a natural
  position the nerves awakened and sent lightning bolts of pain through her upper
  body.  
The Captain gave her scant moments to recover from
  the ordeal before he had the men marching her back up to the castle. They crossed
  the courtyard with Annelise struggling to keep up on her tired legs. Her bare
  feet on the rough gravel didn't help either.  
They entered the guard room. A rugged, bearded
  faces turned to look at the party. Annelise felt as if all the dark, cruel
  eyes were staring at her.  
"Where's Albrecht?" the Captain called out.  
"Here, Cap'n," a tall, slovenly guardsman said,
  stepping forward.  
"Right," the Captain said, "you used to be a sheep
  farmer. Get a pair of shears. We've a ewe here that needs shearing."  
While Albrecht went off to another room to rummage
  around Annelise was roughly forced down onto a rude but sturdy chair. Her ankles
  were tied to its legs and her arms pulled behind the straight back and her
  wrists tied. Albrecht returned with a large pair of scissors.  
"They're not proper shears," he said to the Captain, "but
  they'll do."  
"Fine, fine," the Captain replied. He motioned
  towards Annelise's head. "A sloppy job is all that we need."  
Albrecht set to work. He grabbed handfuls of Annelise's
  thick, black hair and pulled them away, hacking at the strand with the scissors.
  The scissors hadn't been sharpened in a long time. And Albrecht wasn't gentle
  as he worked his way from side to side and front to back. Annelise closed her
  eyes, gritted her teeth and tried not think what she would look like when the
  brute was finished.  
Soon Annelise's lovely hair lay scattered on the
  floor of the guardroom. She heard coarse laughter. She also heard the Captain's
  voice.  
"Good. Now for the other pelt."  
Before Annelise could determine what he meant hands
  were untying her wrists and ankles. She was lifted from the chair and carried,
  by arms and legs, across the room to where a table stood. Plates and cups had
  been swept aside and she was plopped onto the coarse planks, on her back, like
  a sack of wheat. Wrists and ankles were again quickly tied off, leaving Annelise
  in a wide spread eagle position.  
Albrecht again appeared, this time carrying a straight
  razor and a bowl of soap suds. He sloppily soaped up her crotch. Then he took
  the razor and began scraping away at her pubic hair.  
The Captain leaned over and looked at her face.  
"I'd try to be very still just now," he said. "Albrecht
  tends to be careless and you might end up missing something you want."  
Annelise kept her body rigidly still and Albrecht
  completed his work with reasonably few nicks. When he was done with the shaving
  he splashed water on her crotch and then wiped her down with a coarse towel.  
"Now what, Cap'n?" Albrecht asked.  
"How about a dance?" he asked. "I think our guest
  should entertain us with a dance, don't you?"  
The men roared their agreement. Annelise was unbound
  and help to her feet on the table. Someone started playing what might have
  been a flute. He played it so badly it was hard to tell. The men began clapping
  in time and calling out to her to start dancing.  
At first, frightened by the leering eyes that focused
  on her Annelise froze, Then she tried a few tentative steps, trying to remember
  a jig, anything. But all she could do was a series of disjointed, out of time
  stumbles.  
"That's not dancin'," a harsh voice cried out. "Here
  now, let's teach this slut how to dance proper."  
Hands reached out for her. Annelise was pulled
  from the table. They stood her on the floor, with her belly against the edge
  of the table. She was pushed over, to lie on her stomach with legs hanging
  over the edge, and her arms stretched to the opposite corners. Her wrists were
  tied. Her feet were off the ground now. More hands grabbed her ankles and spread
  her legs apart, tying her ankles to the table legs.  
Annelise had worked at the tavern long enough to
  know what this gang of louts intended. But she still wasn't prepared for the
  crudeness of their assault. The clumsiest stableboy she'd met in the barn after
  dark was an expert in the arts of love compared to brutal fashion in which
  the guardsmen used her. One after another the took position behind her, as
  if engaged in a drill.  
At first Annelise tried to keep count. There had
  been how many? A dozen of them? How many had used her already? How many more
  were there? But she lost count and as it was she was certain some were coming
  around for a second go at her.  
After what seemed like hours Annelise was released
  from the table. Trying to stand up she immediately collapsed onto the floor.
  One of the largest of the guardsmen picked her up and threw her over his shoulder.
  He carried her out the door, followed by three or four of his fellows. The
  remainder continued filling their cups and belting out bawdy songs.  
Annelise was carried only half aware to a horse
  trough where she was unceremoniously dumped. The cold water revived her somewhat
  and she floundered around, trying to get out. Before she could she was lifted
  to her feet and buckets of water were poured over her, splashed against her
  front and back. In a final indignity she was forced to bend forward at the
  hips and spread her legs so water could be sloshed over her private parts.  
Then she was again thrown over a shoulder and carried
  to the dungeons.  
"About time," the dungeon keeper grumbled as the
  party entered. "Thoughtless! Thoughtless! Keepin' me up half the night waitin'
  on ye!"  
He led them to a small cell, opened the door and
  motioned for them to put Annelise in it.  
"This one'll do," he growled. "Ye might have dried
  her off first, though."  
Annelise was lowered onto a pile of straw. One
  of the guardsmen picked up a ragged blanket and wrapped it around her. She
  lay there exhausted but unable to sleep, until as dawn began to break she finally
  managed to drift off.  
Annelise was still sleeping fitfully at mid-morning
  when the keeper of the dungeon woke her. He'd brought a bowl of gruel and what
  looked like a pile of grubby gray wool cloth. He woke her with a toe to her
  ribs. When she rolled over and looked up at him he put the bowl of gruel down.  
"Breakfast," he said in a voice like rusty iron
  hinges. He motioned towards a bucket in the corner. "You've got ten minutes
  to eat and do what you need to do. Then put this on."  
He shook out the gray cloth. It was a sort of formless,
  sleeveless shift. He dropped it on the floor and left, closing the door of
  the cell behind him.  
Annelise did as instructed and was waiting when
  the dungeon keeper returned. She had a distinct feeling she was not the only
  one in filthy wool garment.  
The dungeon keeper was accompanied by the Captain
  of the Guard and two of his men. He, at least, looked none the worse for the
  wear, though his men both looked as if they really wanted a few more hours
  of sleep. They placed manacles on her wrists again and escorted Annelise back
  to the torture chamber. As they entered Annelise heard the friar in conversation
  with the Prince.  
 "I see you've added an apparatus, Highness," Fra
  Gropius said.  
 He was studying a new addition to the chamber.
  It was an iron pole, five feet long, standing upright. The upper end had been
  shaped into a point. The shaft itself was not of a constant diameter it's full
  length, but gradually widened. The base of the long spike was in a wide metal
  basin. To either side of the spike stood two more metal rods. Each of these
  had ha metal collar that clearly was designed to slide up or down along the
  pole. Each collar had a short length of chain attached to it. Another chain
  dangled from a pulley above the central spike. Two long leather straps hung
  from the end of the chain.  
"Yes," the Prince replied. "My artisans worked
  all night preparing this. This will be our method of execution when the subject
  reveals her secret".  
 "I believe I understand what you have in mind,
  but perhaps you should explain the method of her execution, so that our subject
  understands what will happen if she breaks and speaks."  
 "I happened to think of a method of execution
  I've heard to be popular among the peoples of the Transylvanian mountains.
  Impalement. I decided this might have promise, but as I understood the process
  it appeared to be capable of considerable improvement. I've added a few refinements
  that I think you'll agree make it a truly horrendous process.  
"First, I've replaced the Transylvanians' wooden
  stake with an iron rod. A charcoal fire will be lit around the base of the
  impaling stake, thus heating it. The leather thongs will be fastened tightly
  around the subject's breasts. She will then be raised by the thongs and positioned
  over the stake. Her ankles will be fastened to the collars around the guiding
  rods, so that she may not close her legs. Another guide will be fastened around
  her waist to ensure that she remains in position. She will then be slowly lowered
  onto the impaling stake, which will enter her feminine orifice. Over many hours
  she will be inched lower and lower, while being slowly roasted by both the
  fire below and the heat from the spike, thus increasing her agony. I have calculated
  that, with luck and skill she should not expire in less than six hours. I believe
  that should be sufficient inducement for her to resist our efforts."  
"Indeed it should be," the Friar replied, impressed
  at the Prince's ingenuity. "And I fully expect that with some care you might
  perhaps extend her agony to eight, or possibly even twelve hours. But we shall
  see when the time comes."  
Annelise had turned white at the recitation and
  nearly fainted again.  
Fra Gropius appeared to completely ignore the girl,
  but the Prince noticed that the Friar surreptitiously kept an eye on her.  
 "First things first," the Friar said. "The subject
  is clothed, however meanly. This will not do. She must be kept in naked state
  while awaiting or undergoing examination."  
The Prince signaled to the two torturers stepped
  in. The manacles were briefly removed from Annelise's wrists and the filthy
  shift pulled up over her head. Once the shift was removed one of the torturers
  began to replace the manacles but the Prince ordered him to stop with a terse "That
  won't be necessary." Annelise let her arms drop to her sides.  
 "It is truly surprising how much effect lacking
  the slightest protection of a smock or chemise has in these circumstances.
  Especially for the weaker sex, when they find themselves exposed to the gaze
  of men and utterly helpless to protect or shield themselves. Often this in
  itself is enough torment to elicit a confession."  
Annelise knew exactly what he was saying. One might
  have expected her stripping and abuse by the guards the previous night to have
  inured her to this mere display of her body. But having to stand, fully exposed,
  before these four men, made her want to run, to crouch behind the merest bit
  of furniture or a column. Her insides where twisting and grumbling from fear.
  Only the knowledge of the horrible fate that awaited her kept her from blurting
  out her "secret" then and there.  
Despite her near panic Annelise did notice one
  thing. Both the Prince and the Friar were taking advantage of her nakedness
  to study her form at perhaps somewhat greater length than was called for.  
"I do hope that won't be the case here, Friar," the
  Prince said. "If she gives in too easily..."  
"I don't think you will have to fear less than
  adequate time to practice your art, m'Lord," the Friar replied. "I've become
  a fair judge of my subject over the years. If I'm not mistaken our pretty little
  peasant girl is made of quite stern stuff. They often are. Your well born lady
  will oft confess at the first sight of the implements. But a peasant girl like
  this, she will hold to her errant ways as if the devil himself were holding
  her fast. There was one peasant girl I examine, one who looked remarkably like,
  what is her name?"  
"Annelise, I believe it is."  
"One peasant girl I examined few years ago, a witch
  of course, who was so sunk in her sin and heresy that it took a month to prise
  a confession from her. Regrettably, it was all for nought, for as the flames
  consumed her she loudly recanted her confession and cast the most hideous imprecations
  upon we who had tried to bring her to salvation. A sad case. Most sad.  
"But, as I say, I expect that Annelise will give
  you full scope to learn the art of interrogation, especially with the encouragement
  you've provided with this most ingenious execution device."  
"So, then, shall we make a start?"  
"Indeed, m'Lord. I believe our subject is in a
  proper state now for the inquiry to begin."  
To be continued.........  
Copyright is claimed on this work by the author.
  Permission to copy, republish or distribute it in any form is expressly prohibited
  with the sole exception of personal, non-commercial use.  
The Standard Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction with content suitable
  only for adults (and stable ones at that). If you are prohibited from reading
  such material by the laws or standards of your community please depart immediately.
  Likewise, if you can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy kindly
  leave and seek professional help.  
   
   
The Torturer's Apprentice   
 Part III   
by   
von Hentzau   
It was somewhat after mid-day when the door to
  Annelise's cell opened and two masked torturers entered. They pulled her to
  her feet, pulled her arms behind her back and placed manacles on her wrists.
  Then they escorted her from the dungeon and across the courtyard to the tower
  where Fra Gropius' torture chamber had been established. At the door to the
  chamber they removed the manacles, and then removed her shift so that she was
  naked as they led her into the chamber.  
Inside the chamber the Prince and the Friar awaited,
  engaging in conversation. They stopped and watched as the torturers positioned
  Annelise a few feet away from them and then withdrew to take up positions a
  convenient distance away.  
"So, good Friar," the Prince asked, "how shall
  we start? The rack? The strappado? Hot irons?"  
"All in good time, m'Lord," Fra Gropius replied. "First
  things first. It's always best to be certain of what you're dealing with. Tell
  me, is there any evidence that our subject here has been involved in witchcraft?"  
"None that I know of," the Prince said, after thinking
  a bit. "I merely requested a suitable subject be brought to us. I didn't think
  to be more specific."  
"Then, m'Lord, may I suggest that today's lessons
  focus upon detecting a witch and the presence of demonic influences. It is
  a useful study, since much of our work has always dealt with this plague of
  witchcraft which seems to be never ending. Let us say Annelise has been brought
  before you under suspicion of engaging in witchcraft. What will you do?"  
"I suppose I would subject her to the ordeal by
  water?"  
"Very good, m'Lord," the Friar replied, a smile
  spreading across his broad face. "You are familiar with the ordeal by water,
  or water trial as we sometimes call it?"  
"I've observed the water trial, but I've never
  supervised one."  
"Good, good," said the Friar. "You shall have a
  chance to then to participate directly as we conduct an investigation. However,
  there are some preliminary action you, as a witchfinder, would normally perform
  before moving on to the trial proper."  
The Friar approached Annelise. He stopped beside
  her and motioned the Prince to come forward.  
"First, we inspect for the Devil's Mark," he said. "The
  subject must of course be completely naked, as is our Annelise at this moment.
  I see the guards were kind enough to clean her up when they were finished with
  her. That is good. The mark can sometime be very small and it's best that no
  smudge be allowed to hide it. It would be best if the scalp were entirely shaved
  but this rough hacking away will suffice. The pubic hair also, of course must
  be removed for a thorough inspection.  
"Now, girl, raise your arms to the sides. There,
  but just a little higher. Good. Now spread your legs apart. About so far." He
  motioned for a distance a bit wider than her hips. "That's good. Now hold that
  position, please."  
The Friar stepped aside and motioned the Prince
  forward.  
"Now, m'Lord, you must search the subject for what
  we call the Devil's Mark."  
"Just so that I understand, what exactly does this
  mark look like."  
"Oh, they can be highly variable. The most definitive
  of the marks, most often found in mature witches, would resemble a patch of
  fur of perhaps the size of your thumbnail. Should you ever find such a mark,
  m'Lord, I suggest you waste no time in consigning the wretch to the flames.
  Such a mark indicates the witch has been fully perverted by the Lord of Darkness
  and there is no hope of salvation. And you might do well to take preventive
  measures, lest she work spells against you. Liberal application of Holy Water
  and plenty of garlic has always worked for me.  
"More often, though, the mark will resemble a mole,
  with one or more hairs growing from it. Small birth marks in the shape of a
  demonic face or an inverted cross are not uncommon. Indeed, any small blemish
  of suspicious conformation may be a Devil's Mark.  
"Now, m'Lord, if you will, perform a thorough examination
  of the subject and I shall observe. Generally it is best to work systematically,
  starting with the head."  
The Prince placed his hands an either side of Annelise's
  head. He forced her to tilt her head forward, then left and right. He turned
  her head as far to one side as it would go and inspected behind her ear, then
  did the same for the other side.  
"Very good, m'Lord. You'd be surprised how many
  supposedly trained witchfinders forget to check behind the ears."  
The Prince proceeded down Annelise's front, carefully
  checking under her chin, under her arms. She blushed when he grasped first
  one nipple, then the other, and raised her breasts up to inspect the under
  curves.  
The Prince knelt on one knee as his progress took
  him lower. Annelise blushed again as his fingers intruded into her sex, spreading
  the outer lips so that he could inspect within the cleft.  
"Good, m'Lord," the Friar said as he watched the
  Prince's meticulous examination. "We cannot let our sense of propriety interfere
  with a thorough examination. We are dealing with the Devil here and the Devil
  is most fond of the sexual regions. Quite often he places his mark in such
  places."  
The Prince finished inspecting the front of her
  legs, then stepped behind and began inspecting her back. She blushed again
  as he grasped her buttocks and spread them to expose her anus.  
"Well, good Friar, I see nothing to arouse my suspicion," he
  finally said.  
"The light is not what it could be in here, m'Lord,
  or you might have noticed this," the Friar said, pointing to Annelise's left
  breast.  
"I see nothing there," the Prince said, stepping
  close to look.  
"It is very, very faint," the Friar replied, "but
  I think it worth further investigation. I believe she will need to be restrained
  before we continue."  
The Prince signaled to the two torturers who stepped
  forward and, repositioning Annelise between two pillars, quickly had her in
  a tight spread eagle.  
"Now, m'Lord," the Friar said, producing an implement
  that appeared to be a needle sticking out of a small wooden handle, "the Devil's
  Mark may sometime be so faint as to be almost invisible. With my many years
  of experience I have been able to note several possible marks on Annelise which
  the untrained person would never notice. The telltale characteristic of the
  Devil's Mark is that it is insensate. We shall prick each and every suspicious
  region and see if Annelise reacts. She will of course need to be blindfolded
  so that she cannot playact, pretending to react to a prick she does not in
  fact feel."  
He motioned to the torturers, one of whom produced
  a cloth which he bound over Annelise's eyes.  
"Now, it is most important as we conduct this test
  that we maintain silence and do nothing to allow her to anticipate the prick
  of the needle."  
Then there was silence. Annelise waited trembling
  slightly in anticipation. She felt a sharp jab below the nipple of her left
  breast and screamed.  
"It would not seem to be insensate, good Friar," the
  Prince said.  
"No, it would not," the Friar replied. "But there
  are more to test, a few more."  
Annelise waited again. The Friar had said she would
  be pricked with a needle. That felt more as if he'd jabbed the full length
  of the needle into her.  
Another sharp pain, this time low on her right
  buttock. She screamed again. Then the inside of her left thigh, high on her
  left buttock, on the under side of her right breast. Each prick elicited a
  scream, though each scream was reduced in strength as fatigue set in. Annelise
  realized that if the torment continued long enough she would stop reacting
  to the sharp jabs from sheer exhaustion. She also began to realize that most
  of the places the Friar suspected of bearing Devil's Marks seemed to be around
  her breasts or buttocks or inner thighs.  
She felt fingers on her labia, spreading them.
  No! Not there, she wanted to scream. A moment later the needle dug into her
  most sensitive flesh and she gave the loudest scream yet and strained against
  her bonds to escape. Then she hung limply, exhausted, so exhausted she almost
  didn't notice the jab at the small of her back. But she did notice and responded
  with a whine that well summarized her misery.  
"Well, I think she's been thoroughly examined," the
  Friar said, his voice full of good humor as if at a job well done. "Let us
  move along to the final test."  
The blindfold was removed. Annelise, hanging in
  her chains with head lolling forward, saw numerous thin trickles of blood running
  down her chest and her thighs. She knew not whether the Prince or the Friar
  had applied the needle, but their idea of a prick was not the same as hers.  
The torturers released the chains and then, one
  on either side supporting her, guided her towards the door of the chamber.
  The Friar and the Prince preceded her out the doorway. The two torturers and
  a guard followed. They left the tower and crossed the courtyard, passing through
  the gate, then started down the ramp as if to go to the village but at the
  base of the ramp they turned away and proceeded instead to the village duck
  pond, a small body of scummy green water hosting a considerable population
  of ducks. Barefoot, Annelise tried to be careful where she stepped as they
  drew nearer.  
At the edge of the duck pond there was a crude
  sort of dock, just half a dozen vertical posts sunk in the bottom of the pond
  with crossbars lashed between them and rough planks laid upon the crossbars.
  It was a rickety thing and Annelise, passing by, had sometimes wondered what
  its purpose was. The pond was too small to be worthy of boats and no one ever
  bothered fishing in the uninviting pool.  
The Friar led the small group onto the dock. It
  was far too crowded, and the weight of six bodies was threatening to collapse
  the structure, so he waved the torturers and the guard back.  
"Now, m'Lord," he said to the Prince, "for a valid
  test the subject must of course be secured in such a way that she is totally
  helpless to save herself by natural means. It's always good, of course, that
  she be naked so that there be no question of interference in the test, weights
  hidden under clothing for example.  
"Unfasten her bonds," the Friar said, signaling
  to one of the torturers.  
The man stepped forward and unlock the manacles
  that held Annelise's wrists behind her back. He then stepped hastily back off
  the groaning boards.  
"Now, Annelise, kindly lay down on your back," the
  Friar said.  
Annelise complied. The Friar bent forward and gently
  grasped her ankles.  
"Now, please bring your knees up towards your bosom,
  my dear," he said in a voice no different from that which he'd use if asking
  her to refill his mug in the tavern where she had worked only a few days ago.  
She did as asked and as she raised her legs the
  Friar crossed her ankles.  
"There are many ways to secure the subject," he
  said to the Prince. "They're all more or less equally effective. This, however,
  is the one I prefer for its simplicity and efficacy."  
The Friar produced a short leather thong from his
  belt pouch. He picked up Annelise's left hand, wrapped the thong around her
  thumb. Then he placed the thumb of her left hand against the big toe of her
  right foot and fastened the thong to the toe. He did the same for her right
  thumb and left big toe. When he was finished he stood up and addressed the
  Prince.  
"As you can see, m'Lord, with but two short lengths
  of leather she is rendered utterly incapable of helping herself in the water.
  For the test to be valid it is vital that she can do nothing for herself. It
  is of course natural for a person when they're submerged to attempt to struggle
  to the surface. But we must determine if she is capable of summoning demonic
  aid to her assistance and to make that determination accurately it must be
  incontrovertible that she could in no ways save herself. "  
Annelise, since she had been stood at the end of
  the dock and turned to face the Prince and the Friar, had lain down with her
  feet towards the land. She heard rude mutterings and coarse guffaws from the
  crowd that was gathering. Then she realized why they seemed to be clustering
  near the end of the dock. With her legs drawn up to her chest she was a s much
  on display as any mare in heat. She blushed at the thought of what she looked
  like.  
"We will now place her in the water," the Friar
  continued, ignoring the red flush that had come over her. "If she rises to
  the surface we will know that she is indeed a witch. If she is unable to save
  herself, if she sinks, then we will know she is innocent of witchcraft."  
"How long will she be in the water?"  
"Well, we must allow the test to run long enough
  that we have a definitive answer, m'Lord. Quite often at first the subject
  will bob up and down a bit, such that it's very difficult to determine if there
  are demonic influences at work or merely natural forces."  
"But if she stays submerged too long, if she be
  innocent, she will most likely drown I would think."  
"That is quite often the case. Most unfortunate.
  We do try to remove them before that happens, but it is a matter requiring
  rather expert and pecise judgement."  
"Seems rather hard on the innocent ones."  
"Ah, but at least they die, one hopes, in a state
  of grace. I will give Annelise conditional absolution before we begin the trial,
  in case the worst should happen."  
The Friar stepped beside Annelise and bent over
  her. His voluminous coarse wool robes draped over her torso as he did so. He
  began reciting the pro forma Latin phrases as he made the requisite motions
  with his right hand.  
With a start Annelise realized his other hand,
  concealed by the robe, was groping its way between breast and the knee that
  pressed against it. Rough fingernails found the nipple and dug in sharply.
  Annelise, surprised and pained, first grimaced, then released an animal yelp.
  The hand quickly withdrew and the Friar straightened up.  
"What just occurred here, good Friar?" the Prince
  asked in surprise. "What caused her to cry out?"  
"Not a good sign, m'Lord," the Friar replied. "Not
  good at all when the offer of absolution elicits what seemed to be an involuntary
  cry of anguish. I suggest we proceed quickly with the test. Bring the rope."  
One of the torturers came forward and handed the
  Friar a coarse hemp rope of about a finger's thickness. The Friar took it and
  found one end. This he tied around Annelise's waist. Then, laying out the rope
  along the dock he tied a knot about three feet from Annelise. He handed the
  other end of the rope to the torturer.  
"Mind you keep firm grasp of that end," he said. "We
  shall need it to retrieve our Annelise. Now, m'Lord. You will notice I've tied
  a knot in the rope. It shall serve as a reference point. If the knot is submerged
  we shall know that she has well and truly sunk to the bottom and is not floating.
  Very well, let us commence the trial."  
The Friar motioned to the two torturers and he
  and the Prince retired from the dock. The two large men stepped forward, the
  dock shaking under their weight. Each took hold of an arm and a leg of Annelise,
  picked her up and with no ceremony heaved her out into the duck pond. She landed
  on her back and sank almost before she could get a last breath. Annelise pinched
  her eyes tightly together as the green water closed over her. A moment later
  she felt herself sinking into the weeds at the bottom of the pond. Then she
  felt herself start to slowly rise.  
Panic filled her. How could she be rising? She
  knew she was not a witch. Yet she definitely felt herself coming up out of
  the weeds. Her thumbs had been tied to her toes, but her fingers were still
  free. Almost without thinking to do it she spread them out and felt for anything
  she could hook a finger around. Fortunately, the weeds at the bottom of the
  pond were both long and thick of stem. She managed to work the fingers of her
  right hand into a clump and grasped it. Then the fingers of her left hand found
  a good, thick strand of weed and closed around it. She anchored herself to
  bottom, determined they would not declare her a witch.  
As she floated in the weeds anger began to fill
  her. Anger at the dirty trick the Friar had played, making her cry out. Anger
  at the callousness of the Prince is blithely condemning her to torment and
  painful death, as if she were nothing more than a toy to be broken and discarded.
  Annelise resolved to foil their plan. She would drown herself at the bottom
  of the stinking pond and put an end to their game. She would be dead, of course,
  but at least it would be comparatively quick and painless and when they pulled
  her lifeless body out of the water it would be proven that she was innocent,
  as much as the Friar seemed to want to think she was a witch.  
"I'm going to expel the air from my lungs and breathe
  in pond water and that will be the end of it," she thought to herself. But
  somehow she could not quite bring herself to actually do it. Finally she felt
  herself starting to lose consciousness. She felt her fingers start to lose
  their grip on the weeds. Air began to rush out through her nose and mouth and
  blackness crept in over her.  
The next thing Annelise knew she was on her belly
  on the dock. Someone was pounding on her back. She was vomiting ugly puke that
  seemed to be mostly pond water. From what seemed like a long ways away she
  heard voices.  
"What say you, good Friar? A witch or not a witch?"  
"It would appear there are no demonic influence
  at work here, m'Lord."  
The Friar's voice betrayed perhaps a bit of disappointment.  
"There seems no point in continuing the examination
  today. You men, when she's finished refilling the pond return her to the dungeon.
  Now, Fra Gropius, we've received a new shipment of sherri-sack from France.
  Perhaps you'd care to join me in sampling it?"  
"That I would, m'Lord. Tiring work, ferreting out
  witches."  
When Annelise finally stopped puking the two torturers
  picked her up like a sack of wheat and carried her back to the dungeon. She
  was roughly dropped on the straw in her cell. One of the torturers tossed the
  ragged shift on the floor next to her before he closed the cell door. After
  a while, when she had regained some of her strength, she put it back on. Then
  she curled up on the odorous pile of straw covering the floor of her cell.  
After a time she heard footsteps in the corridor
  outside her cell. A tin bowl was slid through the small opening at the bottom
  of the metal door. It contained an unappetizing gruel. Annelise looked at it
  for a long time before deciding she really was hungry enough to eat it, even
  though she hadn't eaten since the previous day. She crawled over to the bowl
  and picked it up. There was no spoon, so she dug into the thick, sticky gray
  goo with her fingers.  
Immediately she felt lumps in the gruel, three
  of them. Her first reaction was repulsion at the thought of what kind of offal
  might have gone into the gruel, but then she became curious. She fished one
  of the lumps out and cleaned it off. To her surprise it was a large piece of
  stew meat. She bit a piece off. Despite the gruel that still clung to it, it
  tasted wonderful. She wolfed it down, then pulled the other lumps out. They
  were also stew meat, and a better quality of meat than most peasants were used
  to putting in their pots. She greedily ate them and then, her appetite restored,
  even finished off the gruel.  
She slid the bowl out through the slot and then
  returned to her straw heap to ponder the why of it. She knew little of the
  ways of the castle dungeon, but nothing she'd ever heard had indicated that
  the prisoners were fed anything more than the smallest amount of vile slop
  needed to keep them alive. So why had someone hidden chunks of beef in her
  gruel? That could not be the usual way of things in the dungeon.  
What must have been hours later, though Annelise
  could not tell for sure, there being no light from the outside to judge by
  and nothing else with which to judge the passing of time, she heard footsteps
  again in the corridor outside her cell. At first she thought it must be the
  dungeon keeper making his rounds. She'd heard his footsteps before. But then
  she noticed something different about these footsteps. The dungeon keeper had
  a bad leg. His step made an odd, arhythmic sound. These footsteps were even,
  quicker and lighter.  
The footsteps stopped outside her cell. Annelise
  heard the sound of rusted metal scraping against rusted metal as the latches
  holding the door were released.  
"Oh no, not already," she thought as the door started
  to swing open. "Give me the night at least to recover myself."  
Instead of the torturer she expected a woman entered
  the cell. An old, old woman, who's broad, wrinkled face beneath her wide brimmed
  had proclaimed that if ever someone should be suspected of being a witch, this
  is she. There was even a wart aside her nose.  
"Who..." Annelise started to say, but the woman
  cut her off with a shushing motion.  
"You do not know me and you shall not," the woman
  said quietly. "I do not know you nor shall I. My only charge is to use what
  feeble powers I have to maintain your health as long as possible. Stand up
  and take that rag off."  
Annelise backed away, frightened by the strange
  woman, and clutched the filthy garment to herself.  
"Do not be alarmed," the woman said in a soothing
  voice. "I will do you no harm and perhaps, with luck, a bit of good. Come,
  stand up."  
Hesitantly Annelise did as ordered.  
"They used the needle on you?" she asked.  
Annelise nodded. Some of the places still hurt.  
"Being dunked in that filthy pond will not have
  been good for the places they tormented. I have some salve that may help."  
Reluctantly Annelise let the shift drop to the
  floor. The woman removed a small crockery pot sealed with a wide cork. She
  dipped a finger in and removed a globule of material that looked like mutton
  fat. This she began daubing on each place where the needle had left an obvious
  mark, as well as on several scrapes Annelise had received while being hauled
  back onto the dock. Almost immediately Annelise felt a soothing sensation.  
"Is this witchcraft?" she whispered.  
"Hardly," the woman replied with an amused laugh
  that was almost a snort. "Just a bit of herbalism mixed with knowledge passed
  down from my grandmother's grandmother."  
She worked her way around to Annelise's back, continuing
  her ministrations. When she was finished she came to stand in front of Annelise.  
"Now, is there any spot I missed?" she asked.  
Annelise nodded and, somewhat embarrassed, reached
  down with both hands to spread her lower lips.  
"I might have known," the woman said, making a
  clucking sound with her tongue as she applied the soothing ointment.  
Then she replaced the cork in the pot and returned
  it to the bag she carried under her cloak. She turned to the door.  
"Rest as much as you can," were her final words
  as she stepped out. "You will need all your strength." She closed the door
  behind her and Annelise heard the sound of the rusty latches being closed.  
To be continued.........  
Copyright is claimed on this work by the author.
  Permission to copy, republish or distribute it in any form is expressly prohibited
  with the sole exception of personal, non-commercial use.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  von Hentzau


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





