BDSM Library - Switch




Switch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A D&S switch meets a celebrity that is also a closet switch.  They, with the help of a professional dominant, enjoy a week of fantasy at a famous mansion.  The story tries to capture the many situations that excite a switch.Switch a Fantasy Novel   
By Reverie   
October 10, 2003   
Copyright 2003 by Reverie   
Introduction   
This book is a fantasy, no part is real and
    I know nothing about the real sexual preferences of the characters used.
    Saying this another way &ndash; the book is fiction.   
Chapter Bedroom   
Ruth   
My name is Ruth, star of the silver screen.
    I am in a bedroom that was once used by JFK and Marilyn and I am about to
    try to live out a fantasy. I have on a special necklace with a large ring.
    It's not really a necklace but it is around my throat. A soft pink satin
    blindfold rests across my forehead. I have a set of beads that hang from
    a string around my hips that hide my sex but provide it no protection. Mistress
    Amanda is putting me into the final pieces of my costume for the evening
    just as she has directed all of this week's activities.   
The last item is brought out. I have been working
    for weeks to be able to do this. It is a collar with a set of mittens that
    hold my hands behind and way up my back. Most people can't even get their
    hands to this position but I intend to keep my hands there for about an hour.
    I am in great shape and very flexible but it has taken stretching, yoga and
    just plain practice to be able to meet this goal. I am doing all of this
    for myself to be able to fulfill a dream I have had for many years, the dream
    of being a helpless bound slave for a Roman General. Such a strange dream,
    not if you're into dominance and submission. If you are not then this story
    is not for you.   
With my arms in place, Amanda whispers several
    things in my ear that have a direct impact on my libido. My sex grows hotter
    and I close my eyes to concentrate on the images that she has just provided.
    They open again as I feel Mistress clipping the y shaped leash to each of
    my nipple rings. I am left tethered by this chain of fine gold to a chair.
    Mistress departs and I hear the clicking of her heels as she leaves the soft
    carpeting of the bedroom and then travels the hardwood of the hall. I will
    have to wait for my fulfillment.   
I think for a moment about what is going on
    nearby. In two similar rooms two other blond female celebrities have males,
    bound as puppies. These ladies, fulfilling their fantasies, will shortly
    use their puppies. In a third room Jane and Brad are certainly doing something
    spectacular but predicting who is doing what with whom at any given moment
    would be impossible.   
I hear the door close and the Roman General
    is taking up my leash. He looks the part in a tooled leather chest plate
    that is gilded and a short skirt of leather strips. His legs extend into
    roman sandals. He is not a Hollywood hunk. In fact he's a distinguished looking
    man in is late fifties, one who I first met four months before. He is graying
    about the temples and really looks like a veteran of the wars with his sun
    creased face.   
Jim   
She is beautiful, helpless and so inviting.
    Since it is her fantasy I have been carefully instructed as to my role and
    the lines that I should say. I gently tug on her chain and direct her to
    crawl to my feet. I position the blindfold over her eyes and tell her about
    the punishments that await a slave who does not satisfy the General. Her
    already stiff nipples come to even further attention and the rings seem to
    stand on their own. I remove and position the necklace to it real location
    and I feel the sense of power and control that I hold over her. These are
    the keys to my stimulation and I am fully ready.   
The real story of how I came to be doing this,
    the week just past and the many things that lead up to this moment make a
    story that will leave my libido saturated and a smile on my face for years
    after my death.   
Here is the story and it begins in a most unlikely
    way. 
Chapter Rescue  
Jim  
It was a bad day on the water. I was sailing
    my boat alone in the North Channel, which is part of the Great Lakes. It
    was early in the season so I had seen very few boats in June. The weather
    was the big surprise as it had been warm and calm with a bright sun. My morning
    weather update from Thunder Bay Coast Guard Radio had mentioned a chance
    for thunderstorms in our area but less than 30%. When the clouds began to
    build and the special marine warning came on the VHF radio I had about 20
    minutes to get to a safe spot. I needed 30 minutes to cover three miles to
    safety.  
Certain thunderstorms travel as a wave at over
    60 miles an hour in the upper mid-west and this was one of those. When you
    know you are facing a storm you prepare the boat by taking in the larger
    jib and reefing the main. I would have liked to get the main down as well
    but I didn't have the time. The front hit and a second gust gave me a full
    knock down , the mast hit the water as the boat was blown onto its side,
    the first ever for my very stiff boat. I think it was in that blast that
    I lost the VHF antenna and wind sensors at the top of the mast.  
The wind shrieked for a long time followed
    by hail and heavy rain. I was heaved too and hanging on as the waves built
    from nothing to 6 or 8 feet. It finally began to drop and I made my way slowly
    the last couple of miles to shelter. Only then did visibility improve to
    where I could see the second boat. She was lying ahull, that is parallel
    to the waves, and rolling through more than 90 degrees. I tried to call on
    the radio but didn't get through thanks to the lost antenna. Moving in close
    I looked for any sign of a person on board . I sounded my horn, and tried
    to raise their attention. There was no dinghy so there was a chance that
    they had left. I was about to move on when I saw a hand faintly wave from
    the bottom of the cockpit.  
Now what to do? The boat was about 200 yards
    from some steep rock where these large waves were breaking with a furry.
    I yelled again and saw a head. I asked if they could take a tow and there
    was a shake of NO. I could not move along side as the rocking of the two
    boats would have damaged each. The person was wearing a rain jacket with
    hood. The only hope was for the person to jump over the side and grab a line
    that I would toss and be hauled aboard. I yelled and yelled and the face
    looked at the rocks and crawled over the side. I was able to throw the life
    sling, which was caught and put under the arms. I had no time to haul the
    person in as I had to begin to move my boat out of the danger zone. After
    5 minutes of desperate work I was able to turn back to the swimmer and haul
    them to the side of the boat. The 40 degree water had turned the victim into
    an unconscious lump. Using the vang and a halyard I was able to lift the
    dead weight from the water and get it below. I then took ten minutes to get
    out of the waves completely at Bear Drop harbor and drop the anchor. With
    the boat safe I went below to help the victim.  
It was a girl wearing jeans a shirt and a rain
    jacket. Her face was blue but she had a weak pulse and was breathing. She
    also went from violent shivers to still while I took her vitals &ndash; not
    a good sign. If you sail in cold water you should have read and understood
    the treatment for hypothermia. Hot liquids or a hot shower don't work. Close
    contact and body heat does. I stripped off her soaked cold clothes to find
    a bluewhite clammy body. I put her in my bunk, stripped off my clothes and
    pulled the quilt over us. I held her tightly to me first spooning her back.
    It was like clinging to a block of ice. After a time she began to shiver
    and I turned he back to the cabin wall and pressed my warm back against her
    front. Slowly over four hours she began to warm. She said something and I
    got up to make soup. She was able to eat some and I was able to eat a lot
    and then we got back to warming. She was now just clammy and white. I began
    to notice that she was young and there were definitely female features &ndash; In
    fact she had medium breast a thin waist and rounded thighs.  
I fell asleep and I am sure she did too but
    not before I had noticed she had a firm object at the side of each nipple.
    I was awake first and up making coffee when she woke up and asked where she
    was. I explained about the boat and the storm and told her we were safe and
    told her that the wind, which was now howling through the rig, was not a
    danger to us. The thunderstorm had been followed by a strong cold front.  
I brought her coffee and she asked about her
    clothes and I explained about using body heat to warm her. She also told
    me her tale of being on a charter boat with a female skipper. As the storm
    had come down on them the skipper could not get the engine started and had
    taken to the dinghy to try to pull the boat with it. The towline had broken
    and she had panicked and been blown off by the storm.  
I gave her some of my clothes and she came
    out to the cabin and we had a nice hot breakfast. She asked about getting
    to a harbor and I explained about the weather. She asked about communications
    and by that time I had looked for and found the missing antenna. We were
    going to be together until the weather cleared. The low clouds would even
    prevent a coast guard search by air. I had tried my cell phone without getting
    a signal. I went on deck and tried again and was able to get through and
    report the rescue on a very bad connection.  
It was a long slow morning with her asking
    lots of questions about me and the boat and I began to notice that she was
    a very posed and good-looking female of about 25. We even got to names and
    she told me hers was Ruth. I commented on the oddity of the name and told
    her that I had enjoyed Ruth Whiteapple's movies thinking the names was a
    coincident as she had brown hair. Her response left me gasping.  
&ldquo;I am happy you liked my work&rdquo;.  
My first startled response was &ldquo;You're
    not a blond&rdquo;.  
She stated she really was but wore it brown
    when she wanted to get away from it all, her reason for the sailing trip.
    We talked about many things and she eventually asked for paper to write down
    her experiences and I offered her my laptop. She took it and was typing away
    while I took a nap before cooking dinner.  
Ruth  
I had been so scared and the water was so cold.
    I tried to swim but it just made me numb and soon my arms and legs didn't
    work. I just seemed tired. My last thought was that I was surely going to
    die. When I began to realize that I was not dead it took a long time to realize
    that there was someone holding me. When I was truly aware I could not understand
    why I wasn't in a proper hospital..  
Jim was very good at explaining the circumstances
    and getting me back to functioning. The soup and rest made me feel like a
    person again but I think I will be cold forever. How to thank this man for
    saving me? A new boat, money, he was my dad's age, what to get dad?  
I thought I would write down my experiences
    as I had heard that it helps you deal with post-traumatic stress and asked
    for paper. What I got was his laptop. I was typing away and he began to snore
    in the other cabin. Perhaps his laptop held clues to his interests.  
I opened the files that he had recently used
    in Word. Well it was his interest all right but at a level I had not expected.
    The first was a letter to a Mistress Amanda Wildefyre. It was a review of
    a session in which the mistress had bound and controlled him using a variety
    of mild tortures. He told of loving it.  
The second was a story about a man who is in
    a &ldquo;switch&rdquo; relationship with a woman. They go though four situations
    man in control - man's fantasy, women in control - man's fantasy, woman in
    control - woman's fantasy and finally man in control - woman's fantasy. It
    was thrilling and I began to realize that these things were turning me on
    and they were all centered on control or being controlled. I had known for
    some time that physical control and symbolic torture were very hot items
    on the play list of my libido. There were more but he woke up and I went
    back to typing.  
Jim  
The next day the weather allowed us to go to
    Blind River and a marina. The coast guard was glad we were safe and had found
    the skipper of Ruth's boat walking dazed along the Trans-Canada Highway.  
Ruth asked for a picture, which we took with
    my digital camera. We transferred it to the laptop and Ruth asked for a CD
    so she could burn a copy of the picture and the things that she had been
    writing.  
She took my sailing card. She said a quick
    goodbye and left wearing some of my clothes in a cab headed for the nearest
    airport. There she had arranged a plane to pick her up. I thought that would
    be our last meeting and that I would never be able to convince anyone that
    I had spent 12 hours; naked; in bed with a major star. It turned out she
    was a much bigger person than I thought and that we had more in common than
    I would have dreamed.  
Ruth  
I got the picture all right, my notes and his
    whole directory of writings and letters to Mistress Amanda. I had everything
    I needed for a grand gift.  
Chapter Planning   
Ruth   
I was back at home in Hollywood and began my
    planning. A quick &lsquo;Google' search got plenty of hits for Mistress Amanda
    Wildefyre. She had a web site and was the star of six or seven videos, a
    fellow actress. I was going to need help, and for that I have a great assistant,
    Bruce. And yes he fits the old joke, as he is quietly gay. He is also totally
    devoted to me, and a great professional. I told him the whole story and asked
    him to order the videos, rush!   
Her web site was interesting. She talked about
    her offerings, listed her services, and described the equipment at Castle
    Diabolica her salon in Minneapolis. She described road trips and seminars
    as well as phone consultations. There was a very interesting section called
    wish fulfillment where she showed things that she wanted as gifts. This was
    followed by descriptions of past gifts and their employment in her salon.
    I followed some of the links and was soon looking at things that had been
    in my dreams. Wow, I had no idea you could actually buy things like this.   
When the videos came the next day by FedEx
    I watched them all in a marathon session. Many were of men, similar to my
    rescuer, and were being ministered to by Mistress Amanda. They were always
    bound and helpless. She tied their genitals, whipped them, pinched their
    nipples and controlled their senses. The equipment she used seemed endless
    and judging by the erections sustained by her clients, highly effective.
    There was no sex between Mistress and client. It looked like sustained foreplay.   
There was one video of a female client. I watched
    this and soon found myself very jealous. I wanted to be bound in that chair
    and have those things done to me.   
I looked at several videos again and this time
    focused on Amanda. She wore a variety of amazing leather and rubber attire.
    She wore exotic masks and projected a very dominant and controlling presence.
    Her voice was magic. She was having fun. She would suggest things that were
    about to happen to the bound and helpless individual and laugh at the reaction.   
I asked Bruce to set up a meeting at a neutral
    location. My plan was to give Jim a major session with this dominatrix as
    a thank you gift.   
Mistress Amanda   
The bad thing about my job is that I spend
    a lot of time on the phone and have to deal quickly with many callers who
    range from curious to damning. Sorting out those with serious interest and
    ability to interest me is an art. I have mastered this art and that is one
    of the reason I enjoy this work after ten years in the profession.   
I have heard it all.   
When the male caller asked for a meeting with
    his principle at a local hotel my first thought was that it was one more
    guy calling for himself with delusions of getting me to his hotel room. I
    was about to give him my standard line of &lsquo;I don't take new clients
    unless they first write a detailed letter of their interests, He got the
    word out &ldquo;She&rdquo; just in time. Female clients are rare, tend to
    be younger and are often on their way to becoming Mistresses on their own.
    I have frequently had a protegee and they have been great fun.   
I agreed to a luncheon meeting the following
    Wednesday. They said they would send a car. I am never really out of mistress
    mode so I made several demands, lunch &ndash; sushi from my favorite restaurant.
    A car, town car only, as I live in a quite residential area and keep a low
    profile with the neighbors. Call when waiting. And of course, my usual hourly
    fee for consultation.   
When the day arrived I was still a little skeptical
    of the real reason for the meeting and half expected it to be some power
    mad business executive who was going to buy me because he thought that he
    could. I choose black leather boots that are in fashion this year, a black
    leather skirt with a crisp white blouse and a black leather blazer. This,
    with my six-foot height and black hair, makes me into a sinister and commanding
    presence.   
The car was on time and I was delivered to
    one of Minneapolis's best hotels, but not the front door. We went down into
    the parking garage where there was a private elevator that a bellman was
    holding for me. It took us directly to a top floor hallway where there were
    only two doors, suites A and B. I had been here before and I was now certain
    it would be a man and was guessing which of several CEO's was trying once
    again to get a session after being thrown out for bad behavior or worse being
    boring.   
The bellman said &ldquo;A&rdquo; and waited
    while I knocked and was let in by a conservatively dressed and obviously
    gay man. Well maybe it was something else as the powers of industry rarely
    have openly gay assistants. He directed me to a living room where a lovely
    young blond woman was sitting wearing a very expensive but conservative Armani
    suit. I don't go the movies or watch much television, but I did recognize
    her as she introduced herself as Ruth Whiteapple. It was going to be a different
    afternoon.   
Ruth   
She was very tall and threatening. I invited
    her to sit and asked what she might like to drink. Bruce got her the fresh
    orange juice and I had a white wine. I needed something to help counteract
    her commanding presence. She seemed to sense this and stood. In a way I do
    not understand, Bruce knew he had been summoned to assist her in removing
    her blazer and taking it to be carefully hung. She re-seated herself and
    smiled.   
I began to tell Amanda of my interest in getting
    a session for my rescuer.   
Mistress Amanda   
I knew she was submissive from her reaction
    to me. It's easy to spot the defensive posture of crossing the arms and looking
    down at my boots. A very large part of her wanted my control. When she talked
    the second dimension appeared, as she knew how to take control and dominate.
    I put her down as a switch. That was too bad, because as a pure submissive
    she would have made a wonderful toy.   
She told me her story and showed me several
    of the letters and the subject's picture. It was Jim from Texas, an old client.
    She called for lunch and my favorite Sushi Chef appeared. I ordered in Japanese
    and so did she. Both the chef and her Japanese impressed me. We had lunch
    and continued to talk. I told her that Jim was a switch and that had gotten
    him into trouble with me. He had discussed, in my presence, his fantasy of
    a switch session, one in which he would dominant me. Only I dominate.   
&ldquo;I believe that you are also a switch.
    Would you like to share the session with him?&rdquo; I asked and got a stunned
    reaction.   
Ruth   
Wow. In an hour she had me figured out. I could
    not image having a session with someone as old as my father. The idea of
    a session had been growing in my mind but it was one at the hands of Mistress
    Amanda. &ldquo;Mistress&rdquo; had become a standard part of my reference
    to her even though I had started with Ms. Wildefyre and had been invited
    to use Amanda.   
She invited me back to Castle Diabolica to
    get the file on Jim and to let me &lsquo;have a look.'   
Mistress Amanda   
She was clearly hooked and I was trying to
    figure out how I could clear the schedule for the evening. It was the second
    Wednesday of the month, which meant that a regular was due for his TV session.   
The car returned us to my residence and I had
    Ruth follow me up the stairs to Castle Diabolica. I left her alone after
    telling her that she might look but could not touch and went to retrieve
    my file on Jim. She was staring with an open mouth as I left.   
She was about in the same spot when I returned.
    I ordered her to sit and reviewed the file on Jim. He had about ten sessions
    with me and had written letters describing his reaction to each. In addition
    there was a short story that he had written and sent along to give me insight
    to his fantasies.   
I gave this story to Ruth and she read it carefully
    while I finished with the other letters.   
Ruth   
There was everything on those walls. Many were
    so complex and unfamiliar that they were a mystery. I was looking at one
    and finally figured out it was a working chastity belt, with a lock! It was
    shinny and bright with a copper cast and I knew that it would look sexy on
    me. Imagine having someone take control of your sex. I was getting wet when
    she returned.   
She handed me a story from Jim. It was about
    a college freshman that takes a job providing bound oral sex for a sorority.
    He has to lick-out multiple sisters in a single night all while bound and
    blindfolded. The sisters have several controls to encourage or punish him.
    My mind wonders down the path of being one of those sisters and my temperature
    rises some more.   
When Mistress Amanda is through with the letters,
    I tell her of one of the stories that was on his computer. It was called
    the &lsquo;Tongue Owners Manual'; it gave the bondage and controls plus a
    series of commands that could be used on an oral slave. Clearly Jim had an
    interest in being used for oral sex.   
Mistress Amanda   
I told Ruth that I was sure that Jim would
    love a session of bound oral sex on a female. She asked if I could arrange
    that. I told her that I did not provide sexual partners, but on occasion
    did orchestrate such sessions between willing partners. Would she like to
    be the dominant female? I was certain of the answer well before she nodded
    yes.   
I went on to describe some of Jim's other interest
    such as pony play, predicament bondage, his love of high heels, electrical
    stimulation and submission to the whip. He had piercing fantasies and had
    once had a mild brand administered by me in a weak moment.   
She was working up her courage and I felt that
    I had to cut it off before she was disappointed. I told her that I would
    give her a tour but that I had &lsquo;other plans' for the evening.   
Ruth   
I was ready to ask about a session right then
    and was relieved when she told me that her evening was not available. We
    took a tour of the establishment. The medical room was interesting, the bondage
    items fascinating and the TV room beyond belief. The most interesting was
    the Mistress's wardrobe. I had two emotions, I wanted all of that stuff in
    my size and I was interested in being owned even for a short time by a leather-clad
    goddess. I was also very interested in the rubber clothing but the one time
    I had tried similar items on and they were very uncomfortable to wear.   
We got back to the subject of a session for
    Jim &hellip; location, cost and timing. These were agreed in general and
    I thought I was ready to go and had reached for my cell phone to call the
    car. A buzzer sounded and Mistress Amanda left the room for a moment and
    I spent more time looking at the equipment of Castle Diabolica.   
When she returned I was working up courage
    to ask for a session again when she announced that she had a cancellation.
    I asked for an introductory session.   
Mistress Amanda   
My regular client had called with a head cold.
    I was trying to figure out how to nudge her courage over the edge when she
    asked for a session. It was going to be a beautiful evening.   
She called and told her driver to pick her
    up much later and I handed her my survey form for new slaves and instructed
    her to complete it. It came back with a wide variety of boxes checked reflecting
    a person with complex fantasies. I told her of safe words, no marks and we
    decided on a three-hour limit. I told her to take off her cloths in the bath
    area, fold them, kneel and wait. I went off and got into my own play clothes.   
It was a wonderful time, and even more fun
    as I discovered her pierced nipples. She was very responsive and seemed to
    do a good job of letting go and giving herself over completely to my control.   
Ruth   
Kneeling and waiting nude went on forever,
    as the seconds seemed to take hours. I could hear Mistress Amanda moving
    in another room and I wanted to look, but also wanted to be a good slave
    so I waited with my forehead on the rug. At last the click of heels and her
    shoe tips were before my eyes. I had read somewhere that a slave is supposed
    to kiss the Mistress's feet. As I moved to do this I was suddenly told to
    stop. Had I been told to do anything? &quot;No Mistress,&quot; I answered.
    The scolding tone of my Mistress's tone made me feel so small and inadequate
    I wanted to be punished but I refrained from speaking further. I learned
    my first lesson and went one step further from independent thought and action
    to being a controlled submissive.   
The next big step was bondage. I was directed
    to stand, long leather fingerless gloves were pulled up each arm and secured
    at my wrists and elbows. These were folded behind my back and the secured
    to each other. I felt more at ease as my ability to make decisions diminished
    and control was further passed to the Mistress.   
I was instructed to say &quot;Yes Mistress&quot; in
    response to all her commands. It was difficult to split my concentration
    from what she was doing to my body to what she was saying and I would sometimes
    forget or mumble. Sometime during the session I was gagged and it was another
    relief that I did not have to think about answering, just wait and endure.
    That was the general pattern of the session, the more I was bound, the more
    secure I felt and the more I looked forward to the next whim of the Mistress.
    My head was laced and buckled into a discipline helmet that pressed tightly
    to my eyes cutting off all sight and limiting my hearing. All of my senses
    were directed to my body and the touch of Mistress Amanda.   
I was surprised when something impacted on
    my back that felt like a soft blow spread over a wide area. After several
    seconds I realized that I was being whipped. It didn't feel like the whippings
    of my fantasies, it felt like a massage. My mind focused entirely on the
    next stroke as I could faintly hear the swish before impact. Would she whip
    my butt?, would she hit harder?, would she whip my front? It never occurred
    to me that it could hurt or mar my body, as it was such pleasure to my mind.
    It made me feel very warm, secure, loved and above all, relieved.   
Much more happened including the faint whisperings
    of thrills to come, some came true and some were left for another time. When
    it was over and I was taking a shower I came to a major decision. The session
    I wanted was now for Jim and I together and one afternoon was not going to
    be enough.   
We went back to the hotel together and the
    real planning started over dinner.   
Mistress Amanda   
The real planning only started at dinner. It
    became apparent that it would be a week long, would require a special site
    and that there would need to be two or three other female switches to make
    it fun. Extensive preparation including the buying of wardrobes and specially
    fitted bondage equipment would be needed.   
I told Ruth that I had an idea for the site
    and that she would need to locate females who had an interest. This seemed
    to be a major stumbling block so I gave her some pointers on what to look
    for. I even named some names that were thought to be interested in D&amp;S.   
I mentioned some numbers for my services for
    a week and they were readily accepted.   
Picking a date would be a problem as the site
    and Jim's schedule were totally unknown.  
Chapter Preparation   
Ruth   
I was back in Hollywood, picking my next project
    and at the same time following this passion that was building in me. Amanda
    had given me a shopping list, instructions and several references. Finding
    three other females was much harder. I gathered my courage and called the
    first one on the list and set up lunch. After admitting my own situation,
    hooked on the stuff, it was very easy to get past the defenses of the other
    women and we were soon talking about the planning, the shopping and who else
    could we get. The four were quickly found.   
I hired a private investigator and soon knew
    of Jim's usual pattern in the fall. With a little more work we were able
    to get the information of when he was scheduled to have his boat come out
    of the water. He would then head home to Texas. Amanda called with requests
    for even more information on Jim such as hobbies, interests, sports, anything
    we could find.   
Shopping trips were exciting and clandestine.
    Following the instructions of Mistress Amanda was a cause of frustration
    and anticipation. She demanded that purchases be delivered to her for approval.
    Image the fetish outfit of your dreams, the one that took several fittings
    and then when its ready it disappears into a box. I never got a chance to
    take anything home and try it out in private.   
It was exciting to make a shopping trip. Many
    times we flew separately to New York or Amsterdam. We would arrive separately
    at a shop that had agreed to open at a special time for us. We went in disguise
    and avoided the press.   
Once in, it was like we were kids in a candy
    shop. I tried on many things and most did not fit well and there is nothing
    worse than buying something that is supposed to bind and control you and
    find that it hangs limply on your body or worse is so tight that it cannot
    be closed. We did get ideas and had items custom made which meant several
    trips as these required more than one fitting.   
I won't tell about all of the purchases but
    some were leather and some were rubber. I have outfits for my role as dominant.
    I also have some cute things that will make me feel more helpless and vulnerable
    when I am submissive. At Mistress Amanda's direction I also have a rubber
    outfit. The correct lotion helps. It allows you to put on rubber and wear
    it while getting a sexy feel.   
Beth   
It was a surprise to get a call from Ruth.
    We had met but I did not know her well and we don't socialize. Her admissions
    were amusing and my guard was really up. I have kept my secret for many years.
    When she suggested that she knew I was a switch I was shocked, what had given
    me away? Ruth had picked a private spot for the meeting and in a leap of
    faith I admitted the truth. Ruth was the first person other than my psychiatrist
    and one professional dominant who knew that truth. Some partners knew I was
    kinky but nobody had the whole picture. It was a relief to come out of the
    closet. More than relief followed.   
Ruth told me the story and the general plan.
    She also asked me to check out Mistress Amanda and loaned me the tapes. We
    then got to a general sharing of fetishes and fantasies and found we had
    a lot in common. Ruth got invited over to see my secret wardrobe and we became
    sisters.   
Ruth came back to the reward purpose of the
    trip after telling the story of her rescue. How did I feel about oral sex
    from an older man? It didn't feel very good. I have had men and once a woman &lsquo;do
    me'. It was not great as it either stopped at foreplay, or they could not
    keep up with my gyrations. When my cilt is stimulated my hips and body thrash
    about. It's one of the reasons I like to be on top.   
I watched the video and got the general feel
    for the week. If I could keep my schedule clear and I could get past the
    age of the man it would be fun.   
Ruth   
I had similar meeting with Tess and Jane. Tess
    was easy just like Beth but Jane was a different story. Jane unlike the rest
    of us also had pain linked with control. She liked to hurt her submissive
    and, as a true switch, wanted real pain as a slave. She agreed to a long
    phone session with Mistress Amanda to see if she could be accommodated into
    our little group.   
With some direct leads that Mistress Amanda
    had from mistresses in the LA area I found the two submissives we would also
    need for a short period.   
Jane   
Ruth was the second person to learn of my needs.
    My psychiatrist knew and was stressing that I could not change myself without
    serious drugs like L-dopa and that it would remove my sex drive entirely.
    She had suggested that there were people who would be good partner for me.
    How to find a partner without someone finding out and selling me out to the
    tabloids was the problem.   
I called Mistress Amanda and we had a long
    chat. It turned out that the rescuer of Ruth did have a relatively high tolerance
    for pain. I could have total power over a helpless slave. It wasn't exactly
    my fantasy but it was much better than anything I had experienced before.
    I also explained my own need for pain when acting as a submissive. This was
    in conflict with my need to present a flawless body to the public when we
    did a red carpet flesh parade. I had done a great deal of writing and Mistress
    Amanda demanded I bring it to the interview.   
Amanda   
Ruth had done a great job of finding other
    switches. I was looking forward to playing with this group of grade-A female
    flesh. I had them travel to Minneapolis for an extensive interview and sample
    session. I wanted them to begin to experience control. I also had other requirements.
    In planning for the week there were some special surprises. These involved
    special equipment that would be custom made. Individual measurements were
    required.   
Beth   
It is an older house, one that is lost amongst
    the others that look just like in, on a street with huge trees. It is just
    dusk and the neighborhood is quiet as I take the short walk from my rental
    car to the door. Once on the screen porch, I feel a little more protected
    from the eyes of the neighbors who I am sure are all staring from darkened
    windows. I ring the bell and wait and wait and finally the door is openned
    by a tall woman who invites me in and tells me to follow her up the stairs.   
Three flights up and I am told to take off
    my shoes and enter Castle Diabolica. My heart is pounding as I am directed
    to sit and take the moment to look at the crowed walls and strange furniture.
    I had mailed ahead some of my writings and what I wanted from this first
    session. I am told to sit with my hands at my sides; they had been crossed
    on my lap. The Mistress who is thin and very precise in her speech explains
    safe words, asks me about my current health and physical limitations. She
    also shows me several things that reduce fears I had about germs and disease,
    as many of my desires require very personal bondage. I am directed a second
    time to uncross my hands as they had drifted back to a defensive posture.
    It's intimidating to be directed like a child and not be able to follow instructions.   
My session had several highlights. It was a
    trill to have metal cuffs and a collar locked to my body. Every click of
    a lock brought its own rush. Next came chains that limited my movements and
    made my mind roll through all my fantasies of being bought and sold like
    a piece of property, under the rule of slave owners.   
For the other half of the session, I was bound
    in the birthing chair at the mercy of the Rubber Nurse who was using mild
    torture to learn the secrets of my inner soul. My doggy fantasies were blurted
    out under the mixture of pleasure and pain applied to my most sensitive body
    parts.   
Tess   
My experience with Mistress Amanda was quite
    different then I expected. I was not bound but I was dressed as a maid in
    a short skirt, corset and frilly top. This all occurred while Mistress Amanda
    was dressed in a conservative mannish looking suit. I was put in high heels
    that had locks at the ankles and were connected by a short chain. I could
    walk fine but not run or kick.   
I was directed to kneel at her feet and give
    her a foot massage. I felt a little silly and wondered if I was doing a god
    job. I guess I was OK as she did not complain, but just relaxed and enjoyed
    the attention. I noticed she had fairly large feet and firm muscles in her
    calves. She next directed me to dress her. I was told that her attire was
    hung in the next room and went to fetch it.   
It was fabulous, soft leather dress in a beautiful
    blue-green color. It felt even better but best of all was the smell of leather.
    I would have stayed there for a long time but was jerked back by the Mistress's
    voice. I removed her clothing as she stood still swaying occasionally with
    the music that pulsed through the room. I helped her step into the dress
    and then began the closing and lacing process all while spending as much
    time as possible in contact with the smooth feel and scent of the dress.
    It fit her very tightly from its short skirt all the way up. I loved the
    way it was laced tightly to her shoulders and arms. I began to notice subtle
    details of embossing, complementary thread colors and touches of metal as
    rivets and zippers. It did not restrict her movement at all.   
&ldquo;Fetch the boots,&rdquo; she said as
    she settled into a high-backed chair.   
The boots were as beautiful as the dress with
    long zippers from ankle to the top of the thigh-high boots.   
&ldquo;Close them with your teeth,&rdquo; she
    demanded.   
Yes, it was pleasure to take the zipper pull
    in my mouth and place my cheek next to her leather-clad leg and pull. It
    was a little difficult near the top as I approached the hem of her dress
    with the scent of her bare sex so close but both boots were soon closed.
    I lingered enjoying the smell of leather combined with her woman's scent.   
&ldquo;Fetch the matching whip&rdquo; she commanded
    and waved me in the direction of a wall of whips. There hung a crop that
    perfectly matched her outfit. I returned with it and tried to give it to
    her.   
&ldquo;Kneel and present it properly to your
    owner,&rdquo; was her rejection of my crude attempt. I complied laying the
    whip across my extended palms. It was wonderful kneeling in service to such
    a powerful and commanding soul.   
She stood over me and said, &ldquo;You may
    compliment me.&rdquo;   
I stammered several things about the beautiful
    dress and such. She stopped me with, &ldquo;Those are observations not compliments.&rdquo; I
    was gagged stripped and she explored my helpless body. She spent several
    minutes toying with my piercing. While bound in the chair the Mistress told
    me of the pleasures of owning a male slave, having it in chains before your
    whip, forcing it to drink your urine, reaming it's ass with a brutal strap-on.
    She had read my stories of retaliation, and had found the control panel labeled &lsquo;dominant'
    in my mind.   
The three hours were over in a time span that
    seemed like twenty minutes to me.   
There was one other interesting event. At one
    point, while bound, my arm began to go to sleep, I am not sure if it was
    from the position or the bondage. I had barely begun to notice it and certainly
    was a long way from using a safe word when she adjusted my bondage and told
    me that would help with my arm going to sleep. How had she known, did she
    read my body signs, or had she done this so often she knew the effect. Either
    way it was further proof that I could trust my body totally to her professional
    handling.   
 Mistress Amanda   
Ruth came back and we did some more planning.
    I outlined several additional events and she approved the budget for travel
    of my suggested additions. Her session was different and confirmed several
    other fantasy areas including being slave to a Roman General. She also agreed
    that she was willing to have vaginal sex and perform oral sex as a way of
    thanking her hero but for her own pleasure as well.   
Beth offered no surprises after her phone call.
    Tess was much the same as Beth but had some different fantasies. She had
    a clit hood ring that had been placed years earlier and was not a big part
    of her sexual self. She also revealed that oral sex performed by a woman
    would not offend her. Her quote &ldquo;A tongue has no sex&rdquo;.   
Jane was very different. While bound she begged
    to be hurt, wanted a bigger whip, tighter nipple clamps, she begged to be
    pierced and branded. We talked about limits and came to some agreements on
    where and to what extent her need for pain and submission could be met. I
    had Diane, my TV slave, come up and watched while Jane applied the whip.
    Her desires for pain in dominant mode were very strong and Diane's cries
    of pain were a drug that she could not get enough of. I had to tell her to
    stop.   
Jane   
I was strapped down on a table while strange
    music made the whole experience seem like something from another reality.
    Mistress Amanda leaned over my chest and twisted each of the nipple clamps
    that had numbed my nipples sometime ago. The twist showed they were not fully
    numb and I cried again from the pain. She went back to the electrical control
    box that owned all the nerves of my sex. It had been giving me spasms of
    electricity that alternated from buzzing to light pain. I watched as her
    hand slowly moved the dial and the sensations ascended to pure pain taking
    away all other feeling in that region.   
With my eyes closed, I enjoy the pain as it
    consumes everything, no diet, no lack of exercise guilt, no worries about
    what to wear and how the tabloid pictures will look, nothing but the pain.
    It begins to fade and the Mistress is removing the nipple clamps. I want
    them back, to return to the bliss of a single focus. The Mistress does not
    allow it. I am released and dressed in powerful leathers. While I complete
    the lacing of the boots the Mistress leaves. I return to the main room and
    find a naked man bound spread eagle on the floor. He is wearing only a blindfold.
    The Mistress hands me a whip and gestures as permission at the throw rug
    of a man waiting in helpless bondage.   
I try the whip and work up to a level where
    there is a whimper and then a cry. I whip other areas and even his cock as
    his cries rise. I forget who I am and what I am doing and go to nearly the
    same place that the pain had given me minutes before. The Mistress is holding
    my arm as I return to reality.   
Mistress Amanda   
All four sessions were successful in that I
    got the critical measurements off to the supplier in time to meet our schedule.
    The major yield of these sessions is that I now had a profile and direct
    experience with each. I knew their hot buttons as submissives and had a good
    idea of their desires when in dominant mode. The writings they had brought
    along were a big help. Everybody was going to get a treat.  
Chapter Location   
Mistress Amanda   
The location was the other major effort in
    the weeks of preparation. I had at one time talked with a Dominant who practiced
    in the 60's. She had told of one estate that was owned by a couple that were
    fully committed to B&amp;D and D&amp;S. They had a fully equipped play area
    and lots of space. Checking revealed that the husband had passed away several
    years ago but the lady still lived there in seclusion.   
I tried calling. It was hard to even get a
    number and turned out to be a waste of time as calls were screened and I
    was not on the pre-approved list. I finally wrote a letter, which I labeled
    personal. Several days later I got a phone call and the voice asked me to
    hold for Mrs. Westover.   
She came on the line and the greeting could
    not have been friendlier. &ldquo;Amanda I love the videos.&rdquo; We talked
    and I outlined the purpose of my call. She was more willing than I could
    have hoped and I was invited for a tour. The Westover's made their money
    in the Texas oil boom of the 50's. They moved west and built a house, which
    was a copy of the Annenberg home. They kept a low profile and a description
    of there home has not appeared in the press. The similar Annenberg home was
    described in an article in the Washington Post.   
&ldquo;There -- in a 32,000-square-foot
    house surrounded by a private, nine-hole golf course and protected by armed
    security guards and a six-foot-high, barbed-wire-topped anchor fence -- Westover
    welcomed world leaders and Hollywood luminaries as his guests. Prince Charles,
    serving in the Royal Navy, stopped in for a visit on shore leave from his
    ship, the HMS Jupiter. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip came for lunch.
    Nixon drafted programs and tape-recorded radio address from Sunnylands. In
    February 1975, six months after resigning in disgrace, the former president
    was an Westover houseguest after his hospitalization for phlebitis. Frank
    Sinatra almost always attended the annual Sunnylands New Year's Eve party.
    Ronald and Nancy Reagan, Gerald R. Ford, Nelson A. Rockefeller, George H.W.
    Bush, Julie Eisenhower and Bob Hope were also regulars.   
A corps of 50 servants,
    groundskeepers and guards looked after the comfort and protection of Sunnylands
    guests. A fleet of white golf carts, each emblazoned with the emblem of a
    fiery orange Mayan sun god, stood ready to carry them about the exquisitely
    manicured golf course. Inside the main house reposed the priceless Westover
    art collection, supplemented by Ming vases, shelves of Stueben crystal and
    such sculptures as Rodin's Eve, the artist's original casting in 68 inches
    of dark green bronze. &ldquo;   
Mistress Amanda   
It was perfect. Not only was it large well
    protected but it had a great deal of outdoor space. It's interesting to be
    naked and bound in private. It's much more of a rush to be outside under
    the moonlight and even more threatening in the light of day. There was a
    large bondage playroom that would certainly meet most of my needs. By shipping
    in smaller equipment everything required would be at hand.   
After the tour and an elegant lunch, I asked
    her requirements for the loan of her home. There were several, none of them
    monetary.   
Mrs. Westover   
I was happy to meet and talk with a fellow
    enthusiast. It will be nice to supply a setting for the reward of such a
    gallant sailor. My only regret was that I was beyond being an active participant.
    The mention of a fee was slightly offensive. I did think of several requirements
    one of which Amanda was able to oblige me with that very afternoon.   
Out from storage came an extraordinary piece
    of leather bondage equipment, my favorite. Made of very soft and thin leather,
    kid I think, it had many features. I spent nearly an hour being laced in.
    It binds the legs together, arms behind, nips the waist and supports the
    neck. There was a hood. When complete; I was immobile lying on a bed and
    dreaming about past uses. It had been so much fun. I asked that Amanda spin
    tales along subject lines of my choice and she did a superb job. It was over
    too quickly but an old body can only take the loss of movement and the forced
    position of ones limbs for a short period. I once spent all night laced in
    and loved every second.   
I asked to be involved in the session as a
    passive viewer. Amanda assured me that she would find an active role and
    we agreed on a week in late September. We spoke of staff and I agreed that
    we would send most of the staff away. Staying would be servants who had been
    with me for some time and were used to the &lsquo;old ways'. I summoned George,
    my head of security, and explained the requirement of privacy and control
    of all security camera recordings. He assured me of compliance.   
Mistress Amanda   
I let the girls know and it looked like everything
    was coming together. Jim even had his boat out of the water on schedule.
    Diane packed and Ruth sent a private jet to carry us, and all the fourteen
    pieces of luggage needed to transport some of Castle Diabloica's finest items
    and the clothing purchased by the girls. Another 6 pieces were filled with
    my clothing. Diane got one.   
I have given specific arrival instructions
    to each of the stars. They were not to have sex for two weeks before the
    event. They could bring one maid/makeup person who would know of the events
    of the week. They were permitted specific clothing and jewelry. As each arrived
    they were escorted to their bedroom suite.   
I arrived at each room as the explored it and
    before their luggage arrived. I told them to strip and placed them each in
    handcuffs and ankle chains. I inspected their clothing and purses for contraband.
    I had them unpack and show me everything in their luggage. I confiscated
    many items. They were not allowed anything that looked like BDSM gear or
    a fetish item. They were left with designer clothes for dinners and basic
    casual wear. The assistants were given uniforms from the mansion inventory.
    I warned them about future inspections. They were released and allowed to
    put away clothing. The maids were directed to the servants' quarters.   
Ruth   
It was frustrating waiting those last two weeks.
    I knew that I had some glamorous fetish outfits that were waiting, along
    with the creative control that would come from Mistress Amanda. I was also
    wondering or hoping that she would allow me to live out several of my fantasies.
    I went in and out of D&amp;S reverie and the last three days I could hardly
    focus on anything else. The gym was my only salvation. While we were packing
    I slipped in a few personal items that I was dying to use.   
On arrival, the house and the grounds overwhelmed
    me. My suite was huge and had a marble bath as well as huge dressing and
    makeup areas. I was hoping that my special clothing would be in the closet
    but it held only robes. Choosing an assistant had taken a great deal of thought,
    but I had finally decided that my regular stylist might work. I told her
    about the general outline for the week and she had no objections to helping
    me.   
My assistant did not seem to mind being naked
    and in chains for the unpacking but I am sure she welcomed the freedom and
    the uniform. She told me later that the room she was in was great and that
    she had full use of the vast recreation facilities of the home. I had not
    expected to be so totally controlled but did have confidence that Mistress
    Amanda knew exactly what she was doing. When you find a professional trust
    their judgement.   
During the early afternoon we all gathered
    in an informal dining room and I made the critical phone call to Jim. This
    was, of course, the critical and unknown factor, could we get him to come
    on such short notice. We had developed a plan that called for me to talk
    first, then Mistress Amanda and our unnamed host, the owner of the home,
    if required. The transportation plan was in place and we were ready to nearly
    kidnap Jim to get him here.   
We all were relieved when Jim agreed without
    a hassle.   
Mistress Amanda   
I gave a long pre-session talk, safe words,
    health and limitations, role-playing and rules of personal conduct. I also
    gave them an overview of the home and limits of their freedom to roam about.
    The head of security explained the security plan and the extraordinary means
    that had been taken to ensure that no pictures would be taken to later appear
    in the tabloids.   
Several of the stars asked questions about
    what was coming and when they would receive their special purchases. I answered
    none directly but told them how they would perform. I don't think they understood
    that they were really just beautiful puppets on strings that only I controlled.   
They did learn that tonight would be oral sex
    night and that it was Jim's fantasy. That meant that each star had a role
    to play with a specific costume. They would find the costume back in their
    room along with makeup and hairstyle instructions. Some would find lines
    to memorize and others would have their lines provided on queue cards during
    session. All this had taken a great deal of preparation and Diane was nearly
    spent from the effort.   
I dismissed them to the workout area to pass
    the time before the sailor's arrival.  
Chapter Arrival   
Jim   
The end of the sailing season came in September
    and I was home in Texas. The phone rang and it was Ruth, &ldquo;I would like
    to say thanks can you come visit me for a week?&rdquo;   
 I said sure, thinking I would get to watch
    her make a movie or something. She asked if I could come right away and I
    said sure, what did I need to pack, and she said just some casual clothes
    and that I would be picked up in an hour. Did I golf? Bring your clubs was
    added. One hour later the Limo driver knocked on my door and delivered me
    to Addison Airport where a small Cessna Jet was waiting. I was alone in the
    eight-passenger cabin and the plane headed west. We landed in three hours
    and another limo took me through a very upscale community to a substantial
    gate, up a long drive and left me at the door to a grand mansion. I knocked
    on the door, and to my surprise, Amanda Wildefyre opened it. She was wearing
    casual clothes. I stammered hello as I had been expecting Ruth or, given
    the scale of the house, a Butler.   
Amanda is my favorite dominatrix. She maintains
    Castle Diabolica in Minneapolis. The equipment list for the castle would
    run in to thousands of items. She has a fabulous wardrobe. The thing I have
    always enjoyed most about my time with her is the sense of pleasure and fun
    with which she approaches her work. She is very professional. In many sessions
    I don't think that I have ever been able to touch her other than a thank-you
    hug as I left.   
She led me back to a small dining area where
    there was a buffet of light food and she invited me to &ldquo; eat a little
    while I tell you what's about to happen.&rdquo; Ruth had contacted Amanda
    and asked her to construct a thank-you week for me. Amanda said she kept
    a complete file on her clients and had used it to do the planning. She did
    have several questions about interests that she had not explored. I was eager
    to say yes to several and no to only one. She assured me that everything
    we were about to do was voluntary for all participants and she was going
    to be there to manage it all. I was so thrilled with the prospect that I
    didn't even think to ask how Ruth knew of my past with Mistress Amanda.   
I can't think of anything in the world that
    would be a bigger thank-you than a week organized by Mistress Amanda. It
    would be safe, sane, and work over my libido in ways that I couldn't guess.
    I had a moment's regret that I would not be seeing Ruth but it didn't last
    long.   
With supper over she told me to strip and kneel.
    I have always obeyed her and did so again. She brought out a yoke, which
    went about my neck with extensions that kept my wrists out away from my body.
    These were locked on and she attached a leash to the front of my collar.
    A nurse in uniform and wearing a stern look appeared. She handed the leash
    to the nurse and said, &ldquo;one more thing.&rdquo; I was soon wearing a
    gag that filled my mouth but did not stretch my jaw and a small hole to breathe
    through. The nurse turned and I was following my leash. I was led to a large
    bath where I was seated and shaved. Shaved all over, no beard, no leg hair,
    no chest hair, no arm pit hair and no pubic hair. Yes, the gag came out briefly
    while she did my beard, but then right back in. Careful washing followed
    while I stood in a tub. The very last thing was an enema, which was administered
    with clinical precision.   
Dry, she led me back to a large den where my
    collar was locked to a chain hanging in the middle of the room. I was feeling
    very exposed and wondering what would come next.   
After about 10 minutes there came the magic
    click of high heels on a hardwood floor and I heard Mistress Amanda's laugh. &ldquo;Well
    don't you look vulnerable &ndash; just what shall we do with you.&rdquo; She
    came into view and had a cock bondage device in her hand. This she quickly
    applied. It strapped around the base of my cock and balls. Separate traps
    tightened around each ball and several thin straps squeezed the length of
    my dick. She showed me a long probe with a rounded cap ending in a ring.
    This she lubricated and then inserted the full 10 inches up my cock. It nearly
    reached to my prostrate. I could feel the firm rubber moving within. Then
    the cup fitted over the end of my dick and was fastened to the harness by
    small straps. My dick was now ridged with a nice stainless ring dangling
    at the end.   
Next came a belt about the waist with several
    straps and buckles hanging down. A butt plug was inserted and pulled home
    with a strap down my crack that split to rise and attach to either side of
    the belt. Next she had me sit and fitted me in ankle high, high heeled boots.
    These were locked on and then connected by an 18-inch spreader bar. I was
    forced to stand and found that the boots fit well and were fairly comfortable.
    She worked for a while at my back and crotch. She came around in front and
    looked me over.   
I had a chance to appreciate her outfit. Thigh
    high leather boots with stainless heels. Short tight leather skirt and leather
    halter that displayed her ample chest. She also had on stainless arm bands
    and a matching necklace. Her six-foot height was increased by the heels and
    left her towering over me. She carried a whip.   
She picked up a remote and used it to demonstrate
    that she could shock my cock, each ball and butt plug independently or as
    a group. She also demonstrated power levels from light to spasm producing.   
&ldquo;Lets go have some fun&rdquo;, she said
    as she moved the leash from neck to my cock ring and I was forced to follow
    her which gave me a great view of her thin waist, leather clad butt and flashing
    heels. It was a long walk to another wing of the house. We entered a heavy
    door and were in a very large, very well equipped bondage playroom.   
She removed the gag and gave me time to relax
    my mouth. She also gave me a short drink from a straw.   
&ldquo;Lets get you ready to serve&rdquo;,
    she said and indicated with her whip that I should kneel. The yoke came off
    and my arms were fitted into bondage mittens what were strapped at the wrist,
    elbow and upper arm. I could no longer bend my arms. A tight posture collar
    was fitted to my neck keeping my chin up and finally a hood was put over
    my head and firmly laced and buckled. My nose and mouth were not covered,
    but my vision was limited to down and in front of me.   
There is a click of phone buttons and she tells
    someone that the slave is ready.   
Ruth   
The four of us are waiting in what actors call
    a green room. The costumes we wore helped us realize the roles we were about
    to play. The costume is stretching a bit, as my only required item is short
    boots and spurs. They have very high heels and the spurs are really long
    and mean looking. Amanda had shown us how the round wheels with spikes snap
    out so that we are left with the smooth metal projection. The visual effect
    and the actual spurring effect will be quite stunning. I am in a long robe
    that covers the rest of my costume. I was required to have a bare and close
    cut or nude pussy. I like the slick feel of nude so a quick touch up with
    bikini wax was all that was required. I could wear anything I wanted above
    the waist and I am in a sequined bra that I love, and feel special in. When
    I found the outfit back in my room I looked at myself from all directions
    in the mirrored dressing area and liked the look of power and seemed to flow
    from those fearsome boots.   
Beth   
I am ready and have trimmed my pubic hair to
    a soft almost velvet level. I have very dense fine hair down there and love
    to feel the velvet as I touch this intimate area. I am still very uncertain
    about doing this with such an old man but am assured that he is not fat and
    will be well hidden from my view. I am expecting another so-so session of
    oral sex as I am sure that I will writhe at the first real stimulation.   
Jane   
I am more elaborately dressed than the others
    and am told that I must wait for last.   
The phone rings and Ruth heads out.   
Jim   
About five minutes later there was the click
    of another set of high heels but this time with a jingle. A fabulous pair
    of legs came into view wearing short boots with brass heels and matching
    brass spurs. A voice asked Amanda if the slave knew the commands. Amanda
    said that he should as he wrote them.   
&ldquo;Remember the &lsquo;Tongue Owners Manual'
    well here's your first owner,&rdquo; she chuckled, Failures will be dealt
    with by use of the electrical control plus the whip. Satisfaction guaranteed
    no need for money back.   
&ldquo;You will obey me completely slave&rdquo;,
    the women before me said as she applied a whip to my back. I was ready to
    obey any command she gave.   
I was forced to crawl to a padded spot where
    my legs were fixed to the floor from toe to knee. My arms were also fixed
    to the floor at my sides. She sat in front of me and I was looking at a beautiful
    shave pussy.   
&ldquo;Bury your face slave but don't use your
    tongue until commanded,&rdquo; she ordered.   
I did and she smelled sweet and fresh. I felt
    her whip brush my back and her legs wrap around my body, putting those heels
    and spurs in my flanks. She gave me a list of commands:   
Open &ndash; part the outer pussy lips   
Open inner- part the inner pussy lips   
Surround- lick the area that surrounds the
    outer lips with long smooth strokes   
Swirl &ndash; lick the area between the outer
    and inner lips with a broad circular motion   
Extend &ndash; extend as far up the pussy as
    possible and lick   
Flutter &ndash; lick the area of the inner
    lips   
Pace &ndash; lick once on command &ndash; tap
    of whip, touch of heel, shock   
Burst &ndash; lick three times - same prompt
    as pace   
Touch- touch the clit &ndash; no licking   
Hum &ndash; make a humming sound with you lips
    on the inner lips   
Buzz &ndash; make a large motion with the lips
    pressed to the inner lips   
Flick &ndash; lick the clit also used with
    pace and burst   
Lock &ndash; suck and hold the clit with lips
    and try to flick its end with tongue   
Stop &ndash; return to touching the clit without
    licking   
Withdraw &ndash; remove your tongue   
&ldquo;Let's begin&rdquo; she said and then
    began to use the commands. When I got something wrong she gave some sort
    of signal to Mistress Amanda and the electrical correction would follow.
    She used her whip and heels to pace my tongue. Her first orgasm didn't take
    long. Her second much longer and her third seemed to take forever with lots
    of encouragement from the whip and shocker. The plus side was that her cum
    juices were very tasty and excited me to greater efforts.   
At last she was satisfied and had me kneel
    up. She got up and told Amanda that I was good enough to be used again and
    that I should be prepared for the next &ldquo;more demanding user&rdquo;.   
Ruth   
Wow that was fun. It was much better than a
    vibrator and the sense of power and control put something extra into the
    program, and the first time in two weeks didn't hurt any either. The commands
    were on a card where I could see them, it was like picking items from a very
    long and satisfying menu. I almost felt guilty that the last one took so
    long but it felt so good I couldn't stop.   
Jim   
I heard her heels as she left and Amanda changed
    my head bondage. I could not see at all and there was a buzzing in my ears.
    I learned that the next person had arrived as I was yanked up on my knees.
    Things went on near my head and I found that I was tightly attached to another
    pussy. This one had a slightly different scent and fine pubic hairs. Discipline
    indicated that I should start efforts with my tongue and she began to move
    her hips with some force. It took this one a long time to reach climax, but
    once she started she didn't stop. I was beginning to wonder if she would
    ever stop her orgasm as it went on forever as she thrashed her hips about
    and with the bondage, my head followed every move. I was able to get a firm
    lip lock on her extended clit. I continued to flick her clit and enjoy her
    tasty orgasmic fluids. She stopped suddenly and there was a long pause before
    I was released from her cunt. I had the impression that she was carried from
    the room.   
Beth   
Well it wasn't too bad as he was pretty well
    hidden. I wasn't sure what was on his head but when its function became clear
    as I did up the side zippers I had to admit there were real possibilities.
    I learned later it was a Paul C Leather Smother Panty. It was a set of leather
    side zip shorts with a leather bondage helmet attached so that the mouth
    of the slave is firmly attached right where it can do the most good. I laid
    back; relaxed and began to summon up my favorite mental images. I used my
    heels a little and Amanda was doing something and using her whip with modest
    strokes. This seemed very effective as the slave really went after me.   
It takes a while to bring me to orgasm and
    I was thrusting my hips quite hard as I came. The leather kept him in place
    and at his work. As I began to really buck he sucked down and trapped my
    clit between his lips and flicked the end with his tongue. A deeper itch
    seemed to build and then explode. It finally faded and I was back to just
    a normal set of orgasmic spasms. Some time later things got dark and the
    next thing I knew a female doctor was bringing me around. They brought in
    a stretcher and rolled me out of the room. The doctor told me that it had
    probably been a vaginal orgasm. What ever it was I wanted it again and soon!   
Jim   
Amanda took off the head gear and offered me
    some water. Back went the original head piece and I was forced to present
    my tongue to which some object was attached. User number three arrived with
    clicking gold heels and spurs. When we began I noticed that is was easier
    with the device on my tongue as I did not have to project as far. It also
    became apparent from a clicking sound that she had some sort of piercing.
    I could not detect any pubic hair. She used the command list and had two
    orgasms before leaving.   
I was hoping that was the last as my tongue
    was very tired. Amanda forced me to stand for the next one and moved something
    so that I could see. My next owner arrived in silver heels and spurs, a tight
    corset, bare breasts, a mean looking whip and a owl predator mask made of
    feathers. She looked me over told Amanda she doubted that I would be satisfactory,
    but would give it a try for the sake of her friend. She turned to Amanda
    and said &ldquo;Pierce his nipples, give him a nose ring and we'll see what
    he can do.&rdquo; My vision was totally cut off and Amanda did the piercing.   
She let me scream from the pain when it hurt.   
Amanda   
I did put thin hypodermic needles through his
    nipples but took them right out and placed him in heavy-duty nipple clamps.
    The nose ring was also spring loaded and the contact area has two small points
    that make it feel like a piercing.   
Jane   
I did not know what was going to happen beyond
    that this was oral sex night. I was told that this was the fantasy of the
    slave so that I had some lines to read. When I read the &ldquo;pierce&rdquo; line
    it made me hot. I got a lot hotter as I watched and listened to the sounds
    as my orders were actually carried out.   
Jim   
I had a chain connected to my nipples and a
    ring with chain to my nose. I was forced back to the position and the owl
    mistress grabbed my nipple chain in one hand and the nose chain in the other
    and forced my head into her cunt. It was awash with juice. &ldquo;Extend
    your tongue and touch my clit but don't move.&rdquo; I tried and after several
    whip lashes and nose yanks found the tender bud.   
Jane   
If I had been hot before the next lines and
    events were like hydrogen fusion.   
&lsquo;I brand all of my cunt lickers, Once
    so I know that you have served me and a second time if you have pleased me.'   
I gave a nod and Amanda came up with a hot
    iron. And used it on his ass. He jumped and fought and I could feel his tongue
    jump with the pain as it touched my clit. That brought on my first orgasm.   
Such fun! I gave him much more pain and the
    screaming was music as I tugged on the leashes and Amanda used her whip and
    the cock shocker.   
Jim   
When she was satisfied she told me to touch
    her clit again with my tongue and the hot iron bit my other ass cheek. I
    guess I passed her test. She left with a clicking of heels and a jingle of
    spurs.   
Amanda had me kneel up and I was soon in my
    traveling bondage. I followed her to another wing of the house where my cock
    bondage came off and the butt plug was pulled out. I was blindfolded and
    my piercings were treated, I think, by someone other than Amanda. My brands
    were also treated and bandaged.  
    
&ldquo;Time for you to go to your kennel.&rdquo; Amanda
    said as she applied paw booties a collar with short chains to each paw and
    a new cock lock. I was forced to crawl through a low bared door and my collar
    was chained to the far end with my feet to the door. I could lie on either
    side but had no way of reaching my cock to re-live those magic hours that
    I had just been through. There was a water tube, a food tube, and I was told
    that if I needed to pee to just go, as my cock bondage had a drain. I was
    asleep very quickly.  
Chapter Introductions   
Jim   
I don't know how long I slept but I did wake
    to drink, eat and pee. After some more sleep I needed to have a BM and whined
    like a dog. Amanda arrived and led me to a bathroom where I was serviced
    and given a bidet. My piercings and brands were checked. I was locked into
    a CB2000 and allowed to dress in casual clothes. Amanda let me roam about
    our wing of the mansion. She had set strict limits on how far I could roam.
    There was some interesting artwork and expensive looking objects in the halls
    and rooms. There was a television room and I was able to catch CNN and the
    market.   
I even found a computer that was up and had
    Internet access. More time went by. Later in the afternoon I was again taking
    a walk in our wing when an unimposing half-round table caught my eye.   
It was very similar to one that had been on
    an early Antiques Road Show. I had seen a similar pair of tables when I had
    toured Montecillo. As I was kneeling to look more closely at the construction,
    a quiet voice suggested that it would be all right if I turned the table
    over. It was a lady of trim proportions and wearing a modest suit without
    adornment. She had gray hair and was from 65 to 80.   
She helped me to move a vase and I carefully
    turned the table over. She pointed out several construction details. She
    also showed me a very old and very faint partial label. I was unable to read
    it but offered that I had seen a similar table on the Road Show and as I
    recalled a similar label. She smiled and complemented me on my memory and
    continued to affirm that this was the same table. That made me really nervous
    as later Antique Road Show had shown the table being sold at Christie's for
    nearly $500,000. I thanked her and quickly turned the table back upright
    and against the wall. I was worried that someone would have seen us playing
    with this piece of American history. I was a guest and I did not want to
    bring on any trouble for this older woman who looked like an elderly nanny
    out for a stroll.   
Mrs. Westover   
I had been curious to see the players in our
    little drama. I had borrowed clothes from a maid and was out looking about
    to see whom I might run into. I was pleased that it was the sailor, a polite
    thoughtful looking chap. His interest and memory of the table were pleasing.
    As a collector, it's always fun to surprise someone admiring one of your
    prized pieces. That particular piece is extra fun due to the publicity on
    that television show. If he had been impressed with the table I wonder what
    he would have thought of the vase that he had moved. It was worth twice what
    the table was worth.   
It was difficult for me not to offer him hospitality
    and show him some of my other things, but I needed to keep a low profile,
    as Amanda had been successful in finding me several roles to play.   
Jim   
I was watching the evening news when Amanda
    found me. I was stripped, yoked and turned over to the nurse. Same treatment
    as yesterday minus the enema. She returned me to Amanda who applied a simple
    yet effective cock shocking remote device and handed me a set of boxer shorts.
    She told me to go through a door where a very proper butler greeted me, told
    me dinner was formal and proceeded to dress me for the occasion in a tuxedo.   
I was told to go down to a drawing room where
    Amanda and Ruth were waiting in elegant long dresses.   
&ldquo;I hope you are having fun,&rdquo; said
    Ruth, &ldquo;Amanda said that was one of your favorite fantasies.&rdquo;   
I assured her that it was beyond all of my
    dreams. I then remember that I had given up on seeing Ruth and went over
    to give her a hug.   
&ldquo;I want to thank you for introducing
    me to Amanda,&rdquo; she said, &ldquo;She has taught me more about sex and
    myself than I ever would have believed possible. In fact I was having so
    much fun that I decided to let a few friends in on the secret. We have been
    shopping, locating a place, finding the right staff and having a ball for
    the last month getting ready for this.&rdquo;   
That statement contained so much information
    that my mind was racing on the possibilities. Ruth must be at least a submissive,
    and how had I introduced her to all of this?   
At that moment another fabulous beauty entered. &ldquo;I
    am sure you have seen Tess on TV,&rdquo; she said by way of introduction.
    Tess gave me a hug and I could feel her big breasts even through the layers
    of tux. Two more arrived and it was Beth and Jane.   
Ruth was having fun, &ldquo;You actual have
    met everybody here already on a very personal level &ndash; can you guess
    who is who.&rdquo;   
I was speechless. I had just been told that
    I had licked four of the most famous women in the world and all in a single
    night. Each looked at me with a very sexy smile and there were tongue licks
    and blown kisses. I might have exploded right there but Amanda kicked in
    with a couple of jolts that brought me back to reality. They were each wearing
    a &lsquo;Red Carpet' outfit, beautiful hair, great jewels and long, couture
    gowns with plenty of leg and cleavage.   
Jane   
We had a quiet day after workouts. I got back
    to the room at two and found my stylist ready with the instructions for the
    evening, red carpet night. I had brought along, on instructions, a great
    dress and shoes. What you don't see if you watch award shows is the time
    it takes to do hair and makeup. We had five hours and that is barely enough.
    We were some where in the middle of makeup when my stylist said there were
    instructions about jewelry. We made the instructed call and a butler and
    security guard arrived with a massive display chest on wheels. He made polite
    inquires as to my taste and desires to go with my dress.   
For an event we usually get the loan of jewelry
    from a major vendor such as Harry Winston. I am not much on picking jewelry
    so I left the choice to my stylist. She suggested that emeralds might work
    well with the dress and a drawer was opened and I am sure my mouth hung open.
    Right before my eyes was proof of the difference between jewelry and jewels.
    When the flashing elegance of large emeralds with brilliant diamond accents
    hit my neck and I felt the weight of the thing I truly knew the difference.
    The focal stone was over an inch wide. Naturally there were matching earrings
    and bracelets and rings. I would have been a trailer trash lotto winner except
    for the restraint of my stylist.   
Looking at the finished product I wished that &ldquo;People
    Magazine&rdquo; could do a best-dressed picture right then.   
Ruth   
I had a similar dressing experience to Jane
    but with an additional twist. Diamonds went with my dress and I selected
    a ring that caught my eye for its elegant simplicity. The butler offered
    that it had been a favorite of Ms. Monroe who often had stayed in this very
    room.   
Mrs. Westover   
I was not going to miss seeing the stars in
    my jewelry. I put on a maid's uniform and circulated with a tray of drinks.
    No one paid the slightest attention to me and I am not sure that even the
    sailor realized that we had met that afternoon, after all he had a lot to
    look at.   
Jim   
Three more women joined us; one was a pair
    of twins that had really killer bodies &ndash; tits too big to believe &ndash; kind
    of like Pamela Anderson. The last was quite a shock, as it was a female Olympic
    medal winner in swimming.   
We went into dinner where Ruth and Amanda had
    the heads of the table. I sat across from Beth and between Jane and Tess.
    Dinner was entirely about the planning of the event. They served food and
    a very good wine but I hardly noticed.   
After dinner the four actresses plus Amanda
    went into a living room. I was asked to tell the story of the rescue and
    more about how I found Amanda. The girls managed to find ways to sit close
    so I had a great view of cleavage, legs, jewelry and great perfume. I am
    sure Amanda had told them of my fixation with high heels as each had on a
    pair of fabulous heels. They finally got around to asking if I could guess
    the sequence. I was thinking of them as multiple, longest, pierced, and sadist.   
I asked if it was all right to tell about each
    and they said sure as they had talked about it at their afternoon workout.
    They also told me each was wearing a clue. It finally clicked &ndash; the
    shoe colors were about the same as the night before. Ruth was first and had
    been Miss multiple. Beth had been second. Tess had the cunt piercing which
    left Jane as the sadist. She gave me a big warm smile and asked how my nipples
    and brands were. I told her they weren't bothering me and she let me know
    she would be happy to give me more of the same. Much to my surprise I blurted
    out, &ldquo;Anytime Mistress&rdquo;.   
I also inquired about whether Beth had been
    all right at the end and she said that she had passed out and it was one
    of the best orgasms she had ever had. She gave much of the credit to the
    mental picture of a tongue slave and the pleasure of extreme control. She
    also said she was pleased with the way I had continued my work while she
    convulsed.   
At some point we turned to Amanda for a glimpse
    at the rest of the week. She would give no hints of what was next but the
    girls indicated they had many other outfits ready to go after shopping some
    of the best fetish shops in the US and Europe. All of this talk and the company
    was turning me on, unfortunately Amanda noticed and correction brought me
    back down.   
The girls seemed to notice this and made special
    efforts to taunt me by showing leg, cleavage and discussing how much fun
    they were going to have when they forced me to &ldquo;do them&rdquo; again.
    It was giving me a painful erection and Amanda was having fun tormenting
    me. So it looked like I was in the hands of four dominant females and would
    be their slave all week. That would be fun but could I stand the pace. I
    also thought back to Ruth's comments about Mistress Amanda. Maybe she had
    meant that she was learning to be a Mistress from Amanda. I had noticed a
    wry smile on Mistress Amanda's face and wondered what she knew of this and
    the future.   
After 20 minutes of this Amanda took me from
    the room but asked the others to wait.   
In a side room she ordered me to strip, applied
    a collar, wrist cuffs joined by a short bar and a chain to the collar so
    that my hands were well away from my cock. She also applied some sort of
    upper arm restrains behind my back. A bar joined my upper arms and to this
    bar she attached a chain from the ceiling. She came forward with a butterfly
    gag and head trainer and I soon was mute. I was in a dark corner of the room
    and she moved a screen to hide all but my head from view. She leaned over
    and said, &ldquo;Have fun watching and pay attention to the nipples.&rdquo;   
Beth came in first. Amanda told her to stand
    and she applied a set of gold cuffs joined by a bar in front and a bar just
    as I imagined mine behind her back. A chain came down from the ceiling and
    she was attached with her arms secured. A maid appeared and stripped her
    of all clothing, and left with it. It was interesting to see the special
    bra and tiny panties that she had on under that tight dress. The dress had
    left deep pressure lines on her firm tanned skin and the maid massaged some
    of these and they began to disappear rapidly; a testament to her body tone.
    She was left nude in her sexy high heels with jewelry, make up and hair untouched.
    Her nipples were not aroused and she seemed curious as what was to come next.   
Next Amanda appeared with a gold metal set
    of bands that I did not recognized but when one went around the waist I realized
    it was a neo-steel chastity belt. It took Beth a little longer to realize
    its function but she did as the chastity shield came up between her legs.   
&ldquo;No, I wanted to get off tonight,&rdquo; she
    wailed.   
Smack   
&ldquo;Quiet slave,&rdquo; commanded Amanda,
    as she used her whip on that perfect ass.   
Beth glared but did not say anything else.   
&ldquo;Eyes down slave&rdquo;, continued Amanda, &ldquo; And
    say yes Mistress&rdquo;.   
Beth lowered her eyes and said, &ldquo;Yes
    Mistress&rdquo;, in a husky voice.   
Her nipples were coming up and they sprang
    to extreme hardness as she watched Amanda lock on her chastity belt. Amanda
    showed her the key on its gold chain, which she placed about her neck where
    it settled into the cleavage.   
A maid appeared and escorted Beth out of the
    room.   
Beth   
I am not sure that I can tell you of the range
    of emotions and feeling that swept over my body during this transition. The &ldquo;Red
    Carpet Outfit&rdquo; is the power uniform of celebrities.   
To have it stripped off but leaving the hair,
    makeup and jewelry in place made my body so much more naked. The chastity
    belt was a great surprise, hearing the locks click went right to some special
    inner place in my head and let loose all kinds of thoughts, hormones, and
    visions. The reality of its control took a little longer to sink in.   
Jim   
Tess was next and the process was the same
    except that her dress had to come off over her head. She was getting hard
    nipples as the cuffs were applied. Once chained and the stripping was completed
    I got my first full view of her very large firm tits. Amanda stroked these
    with her whip and asked if they were natural.   
Tess replied and said, &ldquo;Yes&rdquo;.   
That got her a taste of Amanda's whip as she
    learned &lsquo;yes Mistress'.   
Her panties showed a wet stain which Amanda
    smelled and said,&rdquo; We caught you just in time,&rdquo; as she draped
    the panties over my head where I could enjoy the smell of a women in heat.   
Tess did not like the idea of a chastity belt
    and Amanda had to whip her several times before she stood with spread legs
    for the fitting. Her eyes followed the key to Amanda's neck. I had been watching
    carefully to see if I could spot her cunt piercing but only caught a glimpse
    of gold once.   
Jane was next and quietly submitted to the
    process and showed no signs of nipple pooping. She also had a fine body and
    to my surprise tits almost as big as Tess's.   
Ruth was last and was talking up a storm until
    the maid appeared and stripped her. Amanda used the whip and she quit talking
    until the chastity belt was nearly locked on and then she demanded to be
    free. Her nipples were singing a different song as they were sticking out
    a long way. Amanda showed her a gag and asked if she needed it.   
Her meek, &ldquo;No Mistress&rdquo; reply was
    the end of her complaints.   
After taking in all of their reactions to being
    bound it was clear that each liked some aspect of submission. They had all
    been effective dominating me the night before. They must have been playing
    a role defined by Mistress Amanda. I could believe that about Beth and maybe
    Tess, and possibly Ruth. Jane had really enjoyed my pain and bondage. She
    had to be a switch.   
As Ruth was taken out, Amanda brought me back
    to the middle of the room and the hanging chain was reattached. My cock bondage
    was removed and my chastity belt appeared. It was the gender bender model
    that fit my cock down a tube between my legs. I soon found that an erection
    was very painful and got more so as my cock got stiffer.   
I was led from the room to the next where the
    four females waited. She quickly formed us into a coffle by connecting a
    chain to the front and back of our chastity belts. Picking up the lead chain
    she walked off.   
&ldquo;Come along slaves and keep up as I don't
    want to have to whip and mark my merchandise,&rdquo; she laughed.   
I was at the end of the line and we all had
    no choice but to follow. She led us on a long parade through the house and
    even outside.   
We eventually wound up back in my kennel area
    but now I could see that there were four more cells that had been hidden
    behind a screen. The girls were seated on stools in the middle of the room
    and a hanging chain attached to their elbow bar. Two maids each appeared
    and the jewelry was removed, inventoried, and taken to a safe somewhere.
    Makeup was removed and hair let down. Nightly beauty conditioning was performed
    and they were led to a toilet. The chastity belts allow you to pee. Amanda
    had each kneel as she fitted a gold collar and released the elbow bands.
    Hands were drawn up near the neck and ankle cuffs applied. Each of us was
    forced to crawl into our kennel. The head and neck chains were attached and
    we were secure for the night.   
&ldquo;One more thing slaves,&rdquo; came Amanda's
    voice. &ldquo;Your collars have anti-speaking shocking devices built in,
    so no talking.&rdquo; &ldquo;Here's a sample.&rdquo; Amanda demonstrated,
    and I felt a sharp jolt at my neck. There was then one yelp followed instantly
    by another as the automated feature worked throughout the group. We were
    very quiet after that.  
Chapter Ponies   
Jim   
I was the last up and had only been vaguely
    aware when the others had been removed from the kennel. It was the same morning
    routine. I was given the enema again and a butt plug and shield were locked
    into my chastity belt. The girls had on similar shields and we were again
    coffled. Amanda held up a remote and announced that we were wearing an &ldquo;educational
    device&rdquo;. She then demonstrated it and we all jumped from the shock
    up our butt plugs.   
Amanda, in riding clothes, led us outside and
    to first tee area of the golf course.   
Waiting there were the twins but harnessed
    as team of pony girls. We were taking this all in when Hans drove Gretchen
    into view. They are the famous German couple from the video. He was directing
    her using reins attached to her nipples. It was easy to see a nipple stretch
    as he pulled one rein and then the other to show his total control. She even
    showed a few whip welts on her upper breast curve.   
&ldquo;Today is Pony day slaves.&rdquo; Announced
    Amanda.   
Amanda mounted the cart and took the reins
    of the twins. Let me spend a while describing their attire. It was a reproduction
    of a John Wyle drawing. Each was wearing a corset which went from just above
    mound Venus to below the breasts where it swept around and up to a high collar.
    Integrated with it in a seamless way was a single mitten that held their
    arms closely and tightly to their backs. This caused an arching of the back
    and a thrusting of the chest. Each wore a helmet that came down nearly over
    the eyes &ndash; I guess they could see down and in front. There were bits
    and reins. It was topped by a magnificent set of plumes. They had on pony
    boots that appeared horseshoe shaped soles and were standing on the balls
    of their feet. They had been standing motionless, but the right began to
    paw so I could see the sole of her hoof. She soon stopped and peed right
    there, a lesson in how to be a horse. I read name bands on their headpieces,
    not the names they had been introduced with the night before. They were Grin
    and Spin in harness.   
Their very large breasts thrust forward and
    were complemented by a long tassel hanging from each nipple. This matched
    a tassel hanging from the front bottom tip of the corset that hid most of
    their sex. Amanda shook the reins and the show began. They didn't run but
    they pranced, paced, marched and loped all in perfect synchronization. Tassels
    and plumes danced and they seemed to follow the slightest movement of the
    reins. Amanda snapped her whip over their heads for effect but it clearly
    would have been unnecessary to touch this perfectly matched and trained pair.
    How I longed to hold those reins, but that was not to be for any of us slaves &ndash; we
    were to be trained as ponies not drivers.   
One of the rules of pony play, I later learned,
    is that every driver should have once been a pony. Gretchen and Hans appeared
    in riding clothes and began to unhitch the pair and Amanda began to harness
    the lead slave who was Jane. It was a simple costume, a two inch belt about
    the waist with wrist cuffs on short chains. A leather shelf bra went on to
    support and display the breasts and, I imagine, limit flopping. It had another
    purpose that I learned that afternoon. A head harness with a bit established
    control. She showed us the device. It was a rod that entered the mouth at
    the middle of the front and projected back but not to the throat. It pivoted
    in a tube of firm rubber that you bit down on. At the outer end of the rod
    were two arms where reins would be attached. At the business end &ndash; back
    in your mouth was a spiked ball. It looked fierce, but had short rather blunt
    spikes. Amanda also showed us some alternate balls with sharper spikes for
    use if we became to &ldquo;spirited&rdquo;.   
&ldquo;A simple harness, but it leaves you
    very open to the whip,&rdquo; she commented in that half laugh that we were
    all coming to both fear and love.   
Jane was hitched to a light cart. Once she
    was secure between the shafts and her hands were chained so she couldn't
    reach her sex Amanda approached twirling a key from about her neck. I will
    let you run free of chafe she said as she unlock and removed the chastity
    belt. Gretchen took the reins and snapped her whip and they walked off down
    the golf course cart path. This happened to each with the twins driving Ruth
    and Tess. The only one I saw all day was Jane who was sweating hard as we
    passed. She had fairly large bells hanging from her nipples and signs of
    whip marks on her breast and thighs. Her nipples were rock hard.   
 I was left standing alone with Amanda. She
    harnessed me in a much more elaborate and controlling pony costume. She first
    reinserted the nose ring and used it to tether me while she fitted the harness.
    You feel much more like an animal with a nose ring. A tail was added to my
    butt plug and I figured my chastity belt was not coming off. A wide waist
    belt was added. The head harness was more complete and had blinkers. The
    head harness also had a control line, which went down to the belt in back
    and forced my head up. The bit was the same. Amanda drove me slowly teaching
    me to pace and lift my knees. The education device was very effective as
    a teaching tool. After I got better she changed my bit to a ball with more
    spikes which focused all of my attention on obeying the reins. She ran me
    until I was very short of wind and then stopped to let me &ldquo;blow&rdquo;.   
She came round in front and looked me in the
    eye and gave me some of the best advice that I have ever had. &ldquo;You've
    heard me say that nobody dominates in my dungeon but me,&rdquo; She reminded
    me of the reason that I was not longer an active client. I had once speculated
    on how much fun it would be for me to dominate her &ndash; one of the major
    mistakes of my life. &ldquo;Tonight you will be in a dominant role.&rdquo; she
    continued. I have had extensive interviews with each of our stars and they
    have consented to have sex with you for the sake of Ruth and what you did
    for her. Oral and vaginal sex is OK as your blood tests came back clear &ndash; that
    was one of the reasons we pierced your nipples to get blood for the test.
    Do you believe you can satisfy these women given what you saw the first night?&rdquo;   
It didn't take me long to realize she was perfectly
    correct &ndash; age and their superior physical condition clearly gave them
    more sexual energy then I had or maybe ever have had. Four to one was also
    a problem.   
I shook my head no.   
&ldquo;They are all switches and if you will
    follow my lead we can fully satisfy them. I will be present all of the time.
    Their desires and limits have been made clear. Jane is a rare switch sadist &ndash; masochist.
    From what I know of you; it will not be possible for you to give her the
    level of pain that she will require. I, on the other hand, will completely
    enjoy the experience.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;They are currently getting their physical
    conditioning. They're all fitness nuts &ndash; you have to be to be in their
    business. The harness has a heart monitor and they are being driven to their
    correct heart rate for training and will be run for a time set by their real
    personnel trainers. When we first set up this week they wanted time off each
    day to go to the gym. I talked them into not breaking the mood and assured
    them they would get a workout.&ldquo;   
With that she re-boarded the cart, shook my
    reins and away we went. We were back at the staging area where there was
    no one else around. Amanda converted me to slave again but removed my educational
    device. My hands were cuffed to the sides of my chastity belt and she attached
    a leash that was passed to the nurse. I was cleaned and freshened and put
    down for a nap. When I woke I was again allowed the freedom of our wing.  
Chapter Harem   
Jim   
I was offered a light supper. Amanda unlocked
    my chastity belt and I was free of all restraint for the first time since
    I had arrived.   
&ldquo;If you dare touch yourself in the next
    half hour you are the biggest fool on the planet.&rdquo; She said. &ldquo;Here
    is what you must do. Select Ruth first and tell me &lsquo;the garden'. I
    will leave with her. When you are through, tell me that she was excellent
    and should be allowed to pleasure herself.&rdquo; There were other instructions
    given and I had my role and lines for the evening.   
She directed me through a door where the butler
    was waiting. He stated it was one of the 1001 Arabian nights and dressed
    me as a Sultan. Amanda arrived dressed as the Mistress of the Harem. She
    had a turban, a wide belt with a whip. She even had the slippers with the
    curled up toes, a very Middle Eastern look. In her cleavage were four keys
    each on a thin gold chain.   
Amanda signaled me to follow and said, &ldquo;Your
    harem is ready.&rdquo;   
The room was everybody's dream of a harem,
    a soft breeze flowing through the curtain-made walls, lots of pillows and
    soft lighting. There were several major pillars of which four had chains
    holding my harem girls, the four stars. Each was dressed as a harem girl
    with long pants of very sheer material. A slightly more opaque layer covered
    their loins. Through it you could see that they were in their chastity belts.
    Chests were bare. Each had a cute little vale.   
They had on gold bands at the neck, upper arms,
    wrists and ankles. Their gold chains kept their hands out of the way and
    forced them to project their breasts. Ruth had on modest gold nipple rings
    that further transfixed your eye. That hard thing I had felt back on the
    boat must have been a flesh -colored nipple hole maintainer.   
Each was doing everything they could to project
    an image &ldquo;of take me I am HOT.&rdquo; Eyes batted and tongues passed
    over lips. Chests were thrust or shaken to cause breast to jiggle. I guess
    their chains limited hip thrusts but loins were also thrust forward from
    kneeling legs.   
Tess   
When I was done pulling the cart my driver,
    one of the twins, hitched me between two trees using lines to attach me by
    either side of my bridle. My hands were locked up near my neck and then she
    hosed me down. I was ready for a nice tub or shower and the comforts of my
    room and what I got was a hose under some trees! Still the water was about
    the right temperature and it sure felt good to cool off as she had driven
    me hard. The gold handcuffs in front and arm bar behind were applied, like
    last night, and she took off my head harness and I was released to my maid.
    She put a robe over my shoulders and we went back to the room.   
There was lunch and lots to drink and I caught
    up on fluids. Also waiting were the instructions for the evening, not what
    I was hoping for, harem night. My chastity belt was waiting and my stylist
    fitted me and with some reluctance closed the locks. With that done she followed
    instructions and removed the bar at my upper arms behind my back allowing
    me to lie down in comfort and get a nap. She woke me in time to begin make
    up and dressing. The thin harem outfit was cute, the gold bands and cuffs
    were a showy accessory with gold chains that dangled from each cuff hinting
    at a purpose beyond glamour.   
The four of us were gathered at the scheduled
    hour and Mistress Amanda addressed us.   
Mistress Amanda   
I told the slaves that they were going to be
    the pleasure slaves of the Sultan. I relayed that the blood test had been
    negative and that the sultan would not be wearing protection. I also told
    them that he had a vasectomy so there were no risks of pregnancy. I gave
    them a chance to opt out of oral sex or intercourse. Given the peer pressure
    no one backed out, but I read a little reluctance in the body posture of
    one or two. I went on to tell them what happens to harem girls that are not
    favored by the sultan. It was plenty of incentive.   
I lead them into the harem room where I chained
    them in a fashion that displayed their charms and told them of the punishments
    that awaited the slave that dared talk in the presence of the sultan.   
Jim   
I walked by each touching anything that I chose.
    They were all soft and warm and each had a distinctive scent. I would have
    loved to do this all night but my erection was aching badly under my robes.   
I turned to Amanda pointed at Ruth and said, &ldquo;This
    one in the garden.&rdquo;   
Amanda unfastened her neck chain and forced
    her to walk from the room by leading her on that chain. Some time later she
    returned, I am not sure how long as I continued to examine the others.   
&ldquo;Your slave is ready, oh great Sultan, &ldquo; she
    said with a straight face. I knew that it was a difficult line for her.   
Ruth was out in the open under the moonlight.
    She was on a board that had her almost standing. He hands were above her
    head and her ankles chained to the ground. Her chastity belt was gone. The
    board curved outward so that her hips were projected forward and her legs
    spread so that she was completely accessible.   
She had on a blindfold of soft satin and was
    searching the area for any sign of my approach. I touched her smooth hairless
    mound of pleasure and found that she was slick with pre-sex juice. Even this
    slight touch brought a knowing hip movement as she sought any kind of stimulation
    for her hot loins. It was a scene that I would have loved to take in for
    hours but my own pressures forced a quick entry. I came very quickly and
    I don't think she did. I left it in for several minutes enjoying her tightness
    and fragrance.   
I turned and Amanda appeared.   
&ldquo;This one has been most pleasing, please
    see that she is permitted self pleasure before her loins are re-secured.&rdquo; Amanda
    indicated a door and I found a bathroom with a shower. I had a quick one
    and then was re-dressed as the Sultan by the butler.   
Back in the harem, Ruth was whining with pleasure
    while using a rabbit. She was back at her column, neck chain in place but
    hands free and the others were watching her every move.   
When they saw me they focused on me with even
    more urgency trying to catch my eye. I made another circle of the three and
    found that Jane truly did not seem as eager as the others.   
&ldquo;This one does not seem as eager as she
    should, hang her so that she may be punished and learn that she is the property
    of the Sultan,&rdquo; this in a commanding voice as I played my role for
    the evening.   
Her nipples popped up as Amanda led her away.   
I used the time while Amanda took her out to
    tease the other two by sitting between them stroking a breast from each and
    telling them that they would remain in their chastity belts for a two days
    before they could be brought back to the Sultan.   
Amanda summoned me and I found Jane in the
    dungeon. She was blindfolded and hanging nude by her ankles with feet well
    spread. Amanda handed me a crop and indicated that I should whip her pussy.
    I did and built the intensity up until Amanda indicated that it was hard
    enough and I should continue. She was quiet but after awhile began to moan.
    Her whole pussy swelled up. Amanda had me stop and carefully spread her lips
    to expose a very swollen clit. She indicated that I should snap this with
    my finger. I did this several times and the moans became soft shrieks.   
After several minutes Amanda forced her mouth
    to accept an O-ring gag. She then indicated that I should use her. My cock
    went in her mouth and her pussy was at my lips. She was not using her tongue. &ldquo;The
    slave needs to use her tongue,&rdquo; I told Amanda. Amanda delivered a hard
    blow with a cat across her back and the tongue went to work. I grabbed her
    clit with my lips and sucked hard. We both came quickly and it was then that
    I realized that Amanda had continued to use the whip.&rdquo;   
Stepping back I delivered my last line of the
    night, &ldquo;She still needs to be more obedient &ndash; see that she services
    the other two tonight.&rdquo;   
Amanda came forward with an evil double dildo
    device that was easily inserted into the hanging, spread slave. She tested
    a remote and the slave jumped from the shocks to her personal areas.   
She was lowered and the O-ring gag removed.
    Amanda took her neck chain and dragged her back to the harm room. She removed
    the harem pants from Tess and unlocked her chastity belt.   
&ldquo;Service her,&rdquo; she told Jane as
    she thrust her face toward the target.   
&ldquo;No,&rdquo; she protested, &ldquo;I won't
    touch a women.&rdquo; Not a smart thing to say to a mistress with a whip.
    Amanda used both the whip and the remote and soon Jane was at work.   
Amanda continued to encourage her. She tossed
    me a key and said to prepare Beth, but don't let her cum.   
Jane   
I had written about being hung upside down
    and given a forced 69, the reality caused sensation overload. The cock throbbing
    in my mouth, the very skilled tongue at work on my pussy and of course the
    pain of the whip as Mistress Amanda ensured I got the pain I required. I
    am not sure why I said no to &lsquo;doing' Tess as I like to do women and
    was loving the slavery. I think the real reason was to give the Mistress
    continued encouragement to use her whip and that shocker that so completely
    controlled everything between my legs.   
Jim   
I moved over to where a still very hot Beth
    was trying to attract attention.   
I pulled off her trousers and showed her the
    key.   
&ldquo;Make any noise and I will lock you back
    up.&rdquo; I threatened as I dangled the key before her eyes.   
It's really fun to unlock and discover a waiting
    and eager pussy. I touched her all around her mound. I really enjoyed stroking
    her outer mound with its covering of fine blond hairs, just like kitten fur.
    Spreading her lips gave me a look at her swollen clit and the slick moisture
    she was generating. I rubbed her inner lips but didn't touch her sex button.
    She tried to make me touch it by thrusting her hips. To punish her for this
    I left her cunt and returned to stroking her breasts. Playing with her nipples
    I thought how much fun it must be to pierce and leash a pair of tits. This
    reverie lasted until Amanda arrived with the suck slave. I played until Beth
    came. This one lasted about a minute.   
Amanda indicated that I should follow her away
    from the Harem.   
Once we were out of sight, my time of being
    the sultan came to an abrupt end.   
&ldquo;Strip and kneel,&rdquo; was her command.   
It was back in collar, handcuffs, and upper
    arm bar with a simple cock chastity cage. She replaced my nose ring and attached
    a leash. I was handed over to a nurse. She led me back to the kennel after
    giving me a quick cleaning. The kennel was again my place of rest.   
I found a small urinal, which I could use over
    the cock cage and went to sleep.  
Chapter Harnessing   
Jim   
In the morning I whined and was given over
    to the nurse for what was now the usual morning routine.   
&ldquo;You get a treat today&rdquo;, Amanda
    said and turned me over to Gretchen. I was free of all bondage save the cock
    cage. We walked back to the golf course area and found the twins nude in
    handcuffs and wearing collars. They were each positioned between two trees,
    and could not move, only stand and wait for us. Gretchen explained in English
    with a strong German accent, that we were going to bring them into harness.   
A pile of leather was located on a table near
    each. Gretchen took the body piece and proceeded to place it around Spin's
    waist. The body piece was of leather and was cinched tight using five straps.
    This left Spin with a narrow waist. Many straps dangled from the body piece.
    I went over and applied the body harness to Grin. Gretchen watched and made
    sure that I didn't pinch; she also made sure that I pulled until the leather
    closed and Grin had an hourglass figure as well.   
The lines connecting necks to trees were moved
    to body harness. Posture collars were applied and both ponies stood with
    raised chins. The headpiece was more like a discipline helmet as it covered
    the whole head. We prepared the ponies by putting in earplugs and applied
    breath-right strips to aid good breathing. The helmets had a hole in the
    back and the ponytail hair of each was pulled through these. There was a
    set of eye coverings on a special strap with darkened lens. This we closed
    limiting the vision of the ponies. Each pony's mouth was uncovered. There
    were also many straps hanging from the helmet. The restraining lines were
    move up to the head.   
Next came footwear. Gretchen grabbed the leg
    and forced the pony to raise and bend back the foot much as one does when
    cleaning a horse's hoof. The pony boot is pulled on and the foot let down.
    She applied the second before the lacing as the height difference of shod
    and unshod is considerable. These were fetish boots with high heels and a
    hard front sole designed to look good and make a clopping sound on a hard
    surface. They are laced on and reach just above ankle height.   
Gretchen next asked me how I would like to
    drive the ponies today and offered several possibilities. She said that I
    would need both control and punishment devices. Her explanation of the possibilities
    gave me a powerful and painful erection and I was wondering if it was possible
    to burst my cock cage. The pain eventually overcame the power of my libido.
    It's hard to believe some of the control-punishment schemes that she outlined,
    and it was further hard to believe that the ponies would enjoy it. She assured
    me that Grin and Spin had designed each and enjoyed their use. We decided
    on head/bit control and breast punishment.   
With this decision it was time to complete
    the basic harnessing. A strap came down the butt crack and split between
    the legs to rise on either side of the pussy and be connected to the body
    harness. Shoulder straps went on and the first piece of the &lsquo;bra'was
    put in place and buckled to the chest. Its special features were not put
    into play just yet.   
Time for the bit. The pony was forced to present
    its tongue. A simple tongue piercing was replaced with a tongue loop. When
    installed it left a 3/8-inch diameter steel ring lying on top of the tongue.
    Through this ring a rod was passed and the bit ball &ndash; with modest spikes
    was threaded within the mouth. This was all placed in the mouth and the teeth
    protector was paced over the rod and between the teeth. Straps were used
    to make sure the pony was biting down on this and could not open and do anything
    to spit out the bit. A pivot pin was place through the rod at the outer end
    of the teeth tube. Rein arms and reins were fitted to the end of the rod.
    The pony can breath through the tube and movement of the reins effects the
    ponies tongue and mouth. The pivot pin prevents pulling on the reins from
    driving the ball back into the pony's throat.   
With the bit in place, a bearing rein was tightened
    from the back of the head to the top of the body harness further pushing
    up the head.   
With the back of the body harness now complete,
    arms were placed in a single mitten that was laced and cinched to bring the
    elbows together. The arm binder was further buckled to the body harness forcing
    a forward thrust of the chest.   
Next we turned our attention to installation
    of the punishment features of the &lsquo;bra'.   
The basic bra forced the base of each tit through
    an inch wide strap that somewhat constricted the base of the breast near
    the rib wall of the chest. You may remember that I commented on the very
    large size of the breasts of these twins. This allowed considerable breast
    flesh to project forward despite the arm binder that pulled back the shoulders
    and would have sharply reduced the projection of most women.   
The main punishment feature of the &lsquo;bra'
    was directed to the main swell of the breast. A cone shaped covering was
    placed over the swelling mounds and secured to the base strap. To each of
    these was connected a small rubber hose that was left to dangle near the
    reins.   
Gretchen explained that we needed to gain control
    of the nipples. The twins are not pierced so this was going to be accomplished
    with binding. The nipples were pretty erect already as the ponies were enjoying
    the loss of control the harnessing had caused. We applied nipple suction
    cups and they got even firmer. Next Gretchen showed me how to load a band
    stretched with a special rubber ring that had a metal u-shaped shackle attached
    that I will call a stirrup. The nipple cup was removed and the band stretched
    and applied. When it was released the nipple now bulged out from the rubber
    ring that constricted its base and the metal stirrup was ready to be used
    for attachment. Gretchen tugged on the stirrup and it could be pulled quite
    hard with out releasing. It did cause a sharp inhale by the pony. I looked
    more closely at the ring and found a row of rubber teeth on the inside so
    its holding power was not by constriction alone. A rod was fitted to the
    center of the bra and it projected forward so that the line attached to the
    nipple stirrup would put a forward pull on the nipple. Gretchen explained
    that this would be adjusted manually and could be supplemented by nipple
    weights or bells.   
Gretchen stepped back and looked over each
    one. Spin stomped, spread her legs and peed. Grin followed a little later.   
&ldquo;I think they deserve a special treat,&rdquo; said
    Gretchen as she reloaded the band stretcher.   
Kneeling she spread pussy lips and applied
    suction between the legs. Shortly both ponies had a stirrup ring attached
    to their clits. &ldquo;Let's dress them for show,&rdquo; she said and began
    to insert plums, add bells and tuck in loose strap ends. Part of the decoration
    was a thin gold chain and lightweight small bell that now was hanging from
    each clit.   
Forming a team and hitching them to the cart
    came next. A wood bar was placed in a socket in Spin's body harness and Grin
    was brought over and the other end was connected to her body harness making
    them into one. A similar bar at the neck supplemented this. They were backed
    up to the cart, a high two wheeled two-person sulky. Traces to allow pulling
    were attached to both hips of each pony and a bar with some kind of spring
    device was attached to the bar linking their hips. This was not for pulling
    but would allow the ponies to brake the cart.   
Reins were taken back to the cart and those
    hoses from the bra were connected to a pair of foot pumps, one for each pony,
    located where the driver could use them. Gretchen and I took a final walk
    around and she invited me to put some initial tension on the nipple stretcher.
    We then boarded the cart and Gretchen gave me the reins and told me the basics
    of driving.   
I'm not sure that I would have been able to
    walk if I was in the restrained position of Grin and Spin. Not only could
    they walk but they strutted in perfect synchronization. The boots made a
    great clopping sound on the cart path of the golf course. They were very
    sensitive to the reins as even a small movement caused them to turn. I had
    some difficulty keeping them on the path. We tried a trot and they were magnificent.
    Gretchen saw something she did not like and used the foot pump. It caused
    the ponies to lift their legs even higher. After a while she released the
    air in the line using a small valve.   
She explained that the air expanded a bladder
    in the bra cone that forced rubber spikes down into the breast flesh. After
    driving at various speeds for about nine holes we were back at the starting
    point. Gretchen had me drive the ponies up to a gazebo. We got out of the
    cart and went around into the gazebo. The ponies were up against its rail.
    We could look down at their bound heads. She opened Grin's eye covering and
    gave her time to blink at the light even though they were in the shade. She
    watched the eyes carefully as she increased tension on the nipple stretcher.
    When the eyes began to water she stopped. She indicated that I should adjust
    Spin in a similar way.   
We got back in and did some more driving. She
    did some pumping and the ponies were strutting along making a great clop,
    clop, clopping sound as those boots hit the cart path.   
When we completed the second lap she had the
    ponies breast punishment bladders fully inflated.   
&ldquo;Now we give them a treat,&rdquo; she
    said in her accented English.   
Going round in front she grasped the clit chain
    and tugged it with one hand while she cropped the punished breasts with stretched
    nipples with her other hand. It took less than 20 seconds of this for Grin
    to cum. Spin didn't take any longer. We immediately released breast tension
    and pressure and released arms and bearing reins. Then we took every thing
    off. They had many pressure marks on their bodies and arms. Each breast looked
    like a waffle from the blunted spikes that had tormented them. The last thing
    to come off were the rubber rings. This was done with a special tool that
    stretched and cut the band. There was a sharp ouch or yelp as blood came
    back to these sensitive buds. Grin and Spin did this themselves, as it required
    careful work. Hans came by, exchanged that special look with Gretchen and
    they quickly left. Grin and Spin invited me to join them for a Jacuzzi. They
    relaxed in the hot bubbling water of the spa as it took away the stiffness
    and marks left by the pony gear. We returned to using real names. They told
    me how much they enjoyed the time in harness.   
&ldquo;Gretchen is the best,&rdquo; they explained. &ldquo;Her
    time in harness lets her judge exactly how far she can push the harness,
    bit and punishment. I was excited for the first lap and really wet for the
    second. It was such a ball.&rdquo; They kind of joined in on the sentences.   
&ldquo;You did ok when you adjusted the nipple
    stretcher, but I could see concern in your eyes. When Gretchen adjusts you
    can she the pleasure she is getting from her complete control over the pony
    slave.&rdquo; Explained Jody or Grin.   
&ldquo;That's exactly the way I feel when Mistress
    Amanda torments me. I guess I just couldn't believe that women as gorgeous
    as you would feel the same way,&rdquo; I said. They actually blushed.   
June pulled her self out of the tub, sat on
    the side and spread her legs wide. &ldquo;The others said you were pretty
    good with your tongue, would you like to do us?&rdquo; she asked.   
As an answer I went to work.   
I had completed one each when Amanda arrived,
    laughed and said, &ldquo;I need to get him rested and ready for this evening.&rdquo; She
    indicated that I should allow myself to be hand cuffed and she then put in
    the nose ring and snapped on the leash.   
I followed her back to the kennel for a short
    nap.  
Chapter Tess's Toy   
Jim   
Amanda ended the nap and told me that I was
    to help give one of the stars her fantasy. She instructed me in my role and
    lines that I might need in several circumstances. I was taken to the dungeon
    playroom and bound securely. I was in a leather straight jacket and discipline
    helmet. I was bare from the waist down and there were cuffs connected by
    a short chain around my ankles. The discipline helmet had eye pads that were
    closed and an inflatable but breathe-through gag. This was inflated so that
    I could only make humming sounds. Amanda told me that I was chained to a
    beam overhead via a harness built into the straight jacket. To demonstrate
    this she knocked me over and I felt my weight being caught. I was able to
    get my feet under me and stand again. This means that you don't spend any
    mental time worrying about falling and hurting yourself. As a final feature
    she lubricated and stretched my butt before inserting a large butt plug.
    It must have been one of the formed kind as I could not expel it by bearing
    down.   
I heard the click of heels as she left. Soon
    there was the click of heels again. I didn't think it was Amanda, but the
    owner of the heels said nothing but began to use a whip on my butt and upper
    legs. Not for punishment, but not pain free. After a while she moved around
    in front and whipped my legs. I was loving the sense of mystery and control,
    Who was this? What will she do with me? I was getting hard. She forced something
    over the head of my swollen dick and there was tension on my cock as it was
    pulled and I could not follow.   
She then began to whip my stretched dick. Gently
    at first and as she got used to the idea with more force and more pain. The
    pain built to the point where my erection went away and she was whipping
    a stretched limp noodle. She paused and whispered in my ear, &ldquo; How
    do you like being my prisoner? I can do anything I want with you and I have
    a lot of reasons to get even with men. You will pay the price for all of
    the sins of your gender.&rdquo; It was Tess. She went on to tell me how she
    intended to torture me. She was going to pierce my dick and place her brand
    on the end of my cock and on the middle of my forehead. She was going to
    make me crawl along at her feet like a dog and she was going to fuck my ass
    hard and deep with a strap on. All of those brought life back to the noodle.   
She lowered me to the floor and changed my
    bondage so that I could only crawl. I caught sight of her heels. Each heel
    was pierced at the middle with a steel ring that was waiting for some diabolical
    purpose. My nose ring was clipped to a short chain and the other end of this
    18-inch piece was clipped to the ring on her heel. She walked and I had to
    follow. It was hard keeping up and every so often I would get a tug and pain.
    It focused all of my attention on those heels and let me know I was right
    down there with cigarette butts ready to be ground into the floor by my owner.   
She tired of this and I was rebound over a
    spanking bench with my butt well up in the air and legs spread.   
There was a pause and she came around in front
    with a large strap on and told me to suck it. Things went on from there and
    I remembered my role for the evening.   
Tess   
It had been fun to humiliate him. Actually
    I was thinking of him as someone from my past that had used me in high school.
    I had a bad first experience with sex. It had been rape but I felt so powerless
    it went unreported and unpunished. It left me with lots of mental scars.
    I was going to rape my slave to see how it felt to be the power prick in
    a rape.   
Amanda had helped me into a strap-on that was
    large and had some molded features that would stimulate me while I used it.
    It was attached and very well supported by a leather body piece that went
    around my waist and was firmly strapped to my body. I could deliver a lot
    of force with a hip thrust or full body movement.   
Amanda removed his plug and I rammed mine home.
    He begged me to stop and I continued to give him a complete reaming. I watched
    while his body reacted to my thrusts. He wailed and pleaded, it made me work
    harder. It was giving me mild stimulation but I was not going to be able
    to get off from fucking him.   
I was going to get off but I wasn't going to
    let my slave have any fun. I took the strap-on off and went around to the
    front. I lay down nude right in front of him and began to use a rabbit on
    my self. I told him all about the sensations and how good it felt and how
    he was never going to be able to use his prick on any woman again. As I continued
    to pleasure my self I told him how I was going to snip off his balls and
    burn a large hole in his cock so that I could weld a large ring in the end.
    This would be permanently chained to his neck so that he would have to pee
    all over himself for the rest of his life. With those pleasant thoughts I
    was able to satisfy myself and with my evening completed, I left.   
Jim   
It was easy to play the role of rape victim
    while she worked over my butt. I did enjoy watching her excite herself and
    her stories were fun. Amanda placed me in my traveling bondage and I was
    taken back to the kennel.  
Chapter Rubber Night   
Jim   
I was again cleaned and shaved by the nurse
    and returned to wait with my nose chained and standing in the middle of the
    kennel area. Amanda came in and removed the cock cage. This was replaced
    by two metal bands, one at the base of my balls and cock and the second around
    the base of my cock only. A butt plug went in and some wiring was connected
    between the two. She picked up the remote that would be my master for the
    evening and gave me a demonstration. Her control was total.   
She directed me through the door and the butler
    greeted me with his cool, proper reserve and stated that the evening was &lsquo;rubber
    night.' I got into full body suit that was skintight and took a long time
    to put on and fasten. Over it went a second layer, and I learned later of
    the possibilities of inflation. Mine was all black with maroon accents and
    piping   
I was directed to the drawing room where only
    Amanda was present. She towered in a rubber tulip dress in red. The rubber
    clung to her shapely body and with her heels and up swept up hair she seemed
    a mile high. I guess it was the hair that made me look closely and it became
    evident that some of the great hair and makeup stylists that had come to
    support the stars had given much time to her appearance. She was ravishing,
    and untouchable, a true goddess.   
Not knowing what to say to a goddess, I asked
    the question that had begun to bother me, &ldquo;Where are we? This is such
    a prefect spot.&rdquo;   
She explained we were at a private home in
    Palm Springs. It had been built in the fifties by the Westovers including
    the private golf course all surrounded by a wall. It was not the first time
    it had been loaned by the owners for a special event. She went on to explain
    the room now in use by Ruth was one that JFK had spent some time alone with
    Marilyn. Nobody believed that they just played cards.   
Ruth   
At last one of the special outfits was waiting
    when I got back to the room. I went through three fittings so that the yellow
    rubber outfit would be perfect. My stylist might have had a thing for rubber
    as she could hardly keep her hands off of me and seemed to drink in the smell
    as she completed my hair and makeup. In the mirror you could see my sex and
    ass and I felt like a total rubber slut as I headed for dinner, a sex machine
    ready to tantalize any man.   
Jim   
The others came in about then and I was enjoying
    what rubber, in fantasy use, can do for a women. They were each in a different
    color and style. Ruth was in yellow with tights that seem to grow out of
    her high heels. She had a very short skirt that let you see her sex and bottom
    through the translucent yellow. It was a corset waist and very form fitting
    at the chest, the words &lsquo;painted on' were the only description that
    came to mind. Tess was in a bright blue dress of simple design but eye popping
    for its simplicity and ability to show off her curves. Jane was the devil
    in a red jump suit. Beth was in a green dress that seemed to match her green
    eyes and make them look about four times bigger than they really are.   
It was a nice time. I learned that the girls
    had also had a chance to drive ponies but they had stallions that were given
    similar treatment to the twins. Jane and I had a long chat over dinner and
    you would never guess her underlying drives from her conversation. She was
    widely read, knew several sports including a great deal about sailing. We
    were really getting into each other and perhaps ignoring the others but they
    seemed to have lots to talk about without us. Amanda was describing some
    of her better sessions with rubber slaves.   
Jane finally worked around too, &ldquo;Can
    you forgive me for my needs?&rdquo; I was surprised at her need for acceptance.
    But after thinking about how long it had taken me to accept my libido without
    feeling like I was a deviant I understood her need. I took a long time to
    explain the process that I had gone through and my acceptance and leading
    to full enjoyment and finally celebration of my real self. It is hard being
    in a closet for any aspect of your life.   
During dinner I was also next to Tess. I got
    up the nerve to ask her about her piercing. She told me it was many years
    old and had been done as kind of a dare with a girl friend of hers. It felt
    good during sex and her partners had been captivated, some to the point of
    ignoring her. I told her that would seem to be impossible to me given her
    other assets. She also stated that she had occasional piercing fantasies
    and dreams of having her piercing used for bondage. She had never tired this
    for fear of tearing an essential part of herself.   
After dinner Amanda led us back to a room featuring
    a table where many small items were displayed, most were of metal. She approached
    me with a hose and inflated several sections of my suit. I was suddenly unable
    to move my arms and a collar built up and rigidly held my head.   
She had each of the girls step into a pair
    of nickers and these were inflated so that they had no access to their sex.
    It was right about then that I began to recognize the small items on the
    table and the effect was instantaneous. The reaction of the girls let me
    know that comprehension was dawning on them as well. The table was covered
    with small specialized instruments of bondage and torture. Some were so complex
    that their function could not be determined. Many featured sharp teeth and
    rough edges. The demonstration and explanation of each by Amanda took two
    hours. We all gave rapt attention to every word and supporting video during
    the presentation. It sifted from one extreme view to another like a roller
    coast on the small hills at the end of the ride.   
I would think about having the device used
    on me, and then about using the device on someone else. Back and forth, slave
    then master.   
There were gags including the expanding pear
    executed in modern materials and with various degrees of spikes. There were
    nose rings that were designed to punish with the slightest movement. Many
    worked in concert with multiple small pierced rings. One such set consisted
    of two L shaped pieces that sealed the mouth using lip rings and went up
    the nose where they were locked to the septum piercing. It was sometimes
    difficult to picture them in use, Amanda had video of each and every one
    applied. Many could be adjusted from comfortable to torture. There were multiple
    tongue devices, some held on by pressure, some by piercing. Beside the gag
    I mentioned, there were several that had spring-loaded features that were
    released once in the mouth of the victim.   
In a similar fashion there were dildos and
    butt plugs that sent forth spikes and bumps and projections of all descriptions
    once inside making their removal impossible without the key for retraction.
    Of special interest to me were small items intended for insertion in the
    penis and then triggered to lock it in place. There were several things designed
    to capture and torment a clit.   
Best, or worst depending on where I was on
    that mental roller coaster were the nipple piercing items. Some were rings
    with ridges. Some had locking pins attached to the point of the nipple and
    ensured that the ring stood up at all times and that any movement would be
    felt. There were sets of nipple shields or nipple thimbles that could further
    capture and torment these buds. There was also the nipple bar, a single rod
    that pierced both nipples and left the subject with a convenient place to
    be grabbed or chained. When it was over I am sure that we were all hot and
    sweaty under those rubber garments.   
I followed Amanda back to the butler who went
    through the process of removal, which also takes a long time. I was given
    over to the nurse who was about to put me in a tub when Amanda appeared in
    a robe with my chastity belt. Once locked in, I was bathed and returned to
    the kennel for the usual bondage and bed.  
Chapter Workouts   
Jim   
I was familiar with the morning routine and
    Amanda added my educational device and I was dressed in the leathers of a
    dungeon master and we went down to breakfast. The girls were in similar black
    leather with mean looking spikes. At breakfast Amanda told us that what we
    were about to do had the full consent of the subject and invited us to read
    her permissions and listen to her on video tape to ensure it was consensual.   
After breakfast we went to the dungeon playroom
    where the Olympic swimmer was waiting in chains. She began to beg and plead
    but got no sympathy from Amanda who used her whip to force her to the bondage
    table where she was tightly bound.   
&ldquo;You will tell us what we want to know
    or pay a price,&rdquo; she demanded with emphasis of the crop to a flat stomach.
    She did not comply and the torture began. We each got to pierce an important
    place, nipples and labia got the needle. Amanda pierced her nose and placed
    a ring there. None of her other piercing were ringed. She was very vocal
    with screams and pleadings but her nipples were hard and her wet slit gave
    proof to her enjoyment of the scene.   
It requires a great deal of force to pierce
    a nipple. We had very sharp thin needles and the area was carefully prepared
    with antiseptic. I am sure that it destroyed some of the illusion of torture,
    but Mistress Amanda takes every reasonable precaution when playing. Her erect
    nipples were pinched with forceps that had a hole in the middle of the pads
    that grip the flesh. Through this hole the needle is pressed. I felt a surge
    of power as I gripped and claimed her nipple with my needle. With the needles
    left, there was almost no blood. Piercing her outer labia was much easier
    as it required less force to push the needle through. Amanda produced and
    showed the captive several torture rings with ridges and teeth that she threatened
    to permanently attach to her nipples and clit. It was effective as she moaned
    more, and broke her role as captive and begged to have them used.   
The branding was harder. We used a small round
    iron heated quite hot. The contact area was a circle about 3/8 inch in diameter.
    It would leave a simple circle when healed. I have two such brands both given
    to me by Mistress Amanda and I treasure both as they remind me every time
    I see them that I am forever her marked property. The captive got marked
    on the lower outside curve of each breast and on her mound just above her
    slit. I had always dreamed of having the control of another to a degree where
    I could mark them as my property. In actual fact it was very hard for me
    to mark and hurt her so directly. Amanda who was watching carefully, removed
    several of her clit needles and quickly brought her to a climax by rubbing
    her clit and telling her viscous tales of torture to come.   
But there was no more to come and with that
    done we left and she was freed and tended to by a nurse. Leaving the playroom
    Ruth asked what was next and Amanda said workouts. Everyone seemed OK with
    this except Jane who had been really turned on by her ability to torture.
    She demanded that she be allowed sexual relief and Amanda withdrew her remote
    and Jane was soon on the floor begging for mercy. I wasn't the only one with
    a chastity belt on. I looked and yes, Amanda had those gold chains with keys
    about her neck.   
We continued on to the gym where Amanda had
    the girls strip to their chastity belts. They were each placed on a stepper
    machine and chained by the wrists to the machine.   
With hands secure, she unlocked and removed
    the educational device from their butts and took off the chastity shields
    but left the gold belts in place. I was handed two keys and did this for
    Jane and Tess. She handed me two chest straps that are part of a remote heart
    monitor and had me fasten them to Jane and Tess. I had to lift those big
    tits up to properly fit the sensors on the upper chest.   
&ldquo;Begin.&rdquo; she commanded and handed
    me a whip.   
&ldquo;See that these two perform,&rdquo; she
    indicated a display where there were two heart rate readouts were displayed
    on digital monitors. Detailed instructions as to rate and duration for each
    were displayed. These included warm-up, several cycles of performance and
    a cool-down. They were already in motion and their heart rates were coming
    up nicely.   
I sat back to enjoy the spectacle of their
    lean bodies in motion. Long muscular legs at work and the sight of their
    tight shapely butts working back and forth, no cellulite here. From the back
    you got an occasional glimpse of pussy as they stepped and you could see
    the swell of a breast as they swung from the motion of the exercise. I padded
    them in turn with the whip, a many-tailed flogger with padded tips. I knew
    from experience that it could be made to deliver a sharp sting. They both
    knew the workout routine by heart as they had probably done it nearly every
    day for years. It is difficult to judge your heart rate while moving so when
    they got into the strenuous portion of the work out I was able to use the
    whip to guide them.   
I began to threaten them with additional punishments
    such as nipple clamps and nose weights if they didn't perform. I told Tess
    she would soon find a weight on her clit piercing if she wasn't perfect.
    I demanded good posture, and complete extension for each step on the machine.
    Tess was quite good but Jane seemed to require a good deal of punishment.   
When they had cooled down on the steppers they
    were taken to a rowing machine where they were locked to the oars. An upper
    body workout began and I continued to encourage performance and threaten
    darker punishments. It was great fun standing over their sweating bodies,
    watching them pull hard on the oars and watching their breast as they moved
    back and forth and changed shape as the muscles beneath worked. I could easily
    put my self in the position of whip master on some exotic galley slave ship
    where all the slaves were gorgeous females like this. I enjoyed this reverie
    until it was time for them to move on.   
Tess   
I work out with a personal trainer. I use one
    so that someone is keeping track of my level of effort, planning different
    routines so that it won't get boring , providing verbal encouragement and
    assisting when my motivation sags. Working out under these conditions has
    benefits and disadvantages as Jim was not as good at verbal encouragement
    and the workout variety was way below my norm. On the other hand getting
    your butt whipped really does work.   
I could see Ruth and Beth as they were facing
    us. We were exchanging looks and watching each other's naked bodies with
    the highlights of their belts and chains. Every now and then you would see
    an expression change as encouragement was used and the concentration was
    refocused on the exercise. In the mirror behind Beth I was also watching
    myself and I liked what I saw. Usually I am very self critical and worry
    about several small flaws but today I saw that we all had blemishes but in
    general we each looked great. All of this plus thinking about what had already
    happened and what might happen was turning me on which was another difference
    in today's exercise routine   
We spent several hours and all got a great
    workout before Amanda chained us up; putting on neck collars with attached
    wrist chains and marched us to a hot tub. It was Jim's job to wash our loins
    and dry them so that the chastity belts could be re applied. This complete
    he was nose-ringed, hand cuffed and led away by a nurse.  
Chapter Jane's Toy   
Jane   
I got back to the room and found my commandants
    uniform in the closet. I hoped that it meant that I was going to find a prisoner
    waiting for interrogation in my torture chamber.   
Someone had done a great deal of work since
    I last saw the uniform in the leather shop. It was shinny, not like patent
    leather, more like the shoes of a marine officer in a dress uniform.   
New boots had also appeared ones that I had
    never seen before. They were back and just below the knee in height. They
    were fearsome. First were very thing and shinny steel heels that had to be
    about five inches high. The toes came to a sharp point also in steel. The
    finishing touch was matching spurs. They were a good four inches long and
    the wheels at the ends had three-inch spikes. I tied them on and they fit
    but I learned that care was needed with these weapons for the feet as you
    could easily prick yourself.   
I took them back off and told my stylist that
    I wanted my hair and make up to make me look fierce. She did a great job
    and with the hat on I could make my self look very threatening.   
Amanda arrived as I completed dressing and
    we went to the dungeon play room for a little practice. She showed me how
    to hold a leash in one hand to command the prisoners attention and how to
    use the whip to wrap around the side and punish the back of a hanging subject.
    I tried this with several whips on a large pillar and thought that I was
    getting the hang of it.   
Amanda told me that the prisoner was going
    to be pre-bound in several punishment devices. He would be totally at my
    mercy and she did not even remind me of safe signals. We left the play room
    and I waited impatiently while she fetched my prisoner/slave.   
Amanda   
I thought Jane would be so lost in her own
    passion that she would not notice safe words or signals. I wanted her to
    feel control but did not trust her to be totally alone and in control of
    anyone. The Westover's playroom had excellent voyeur spaces. I would be in
    one where I could see and hear everything that was going to happen.   
Jim   
Late in the afternoon Amanda brought me out
    of a nice dream with the educational device.   
I was cleaned in and out and led down to the
    dungeon where I was prepared for serious torture. Multiple devices were applied
    and I was left hanging by chains in the middle of the room with feet barely
    on the ground. I was gagged with one of the pony control bits and a mouth
    ball with fairly sharp points. My nose ring had a chain. My cock was back
    in the very demanding cock harness of the first night complete with embedded
    shaft that went all the way into my prostrate. The butt plug was in place
    and the wiring complete. My nipple clamps had a connecting chain with leash
    chain attached to a middle ring. My hands were in long bondage mittens that
    were strapped to my arms at several locations and I was hanging by the d-rings
    in the tips. I had some weight on the floor but I would have liked less as
    Amanda had locked ankle high ballet boots to my feet so that most of the
    weight was on my toes.   
Have fun she called over her shoulder and left
    me alone.   
Shortly there was a new echo of high heels
    on the stone floor and soon my tormentor for the evening appeared. It was
    Jane, dressed in a fashion that can only be described as bitch goddesses
    of the Gestapo, mainly black leather in a fairly military cut. It had a black
    uniform hat, black leather uniform coat with insignia. This was over a low
    cut blouse that was showing plenty of cleavage. Next came a short black leather
    skirt. By the way all of the leather was very shinny, as though it had been
    spit shined. Shiny black boots completed the look, knee high with bright
    steel spurs, pointed steel toes and, of course, shiny pencil steel heels.
    Her hair was up in makeup that made her look fierce. Her first words made
    me even more afraid.   
&ldquo;I've been planning all afternoon for
    how I was going to get even for this morning,&rdquo; Jane sneered as she
    grabbed a nipple chain.   
She wasn't kidding. I kept hoping that Mistress
    Amanda would appear and control things but I was apparently alone in her
    hands. She had lots of fun using me as a test for whips. She took turns with
    two kinds and I had to decide which had been most brutal after a stroke from
    each. She used all of the items that were attached to me and hung weights
    connected one thing to another and enjoyed the remote shocker. I was forced
    to try to walk in the punishment boots.   
Jane   
Wow! A chained and helpless slave of my own.
    I felt the part of pure evil in the military look and liked the power of
    my boots, leathers and whip. Attaching a leash to his nose ring kept him
    looking at me as I used a long whip that wrapped around his side and left
    marks on his back and screams in the air. I liked the whip test and enjoyed
    watching as his skin turned red from the strokes. One whip left a definite
    pattern on his back and I enjoyed making sure I covered every inch.   
Jim   
It may be hard to believe but the whole process
    turned me on. I was able to enjoy the fact that I was a mere puppet, a plaything
    for this powerful woman. She was making all of the decisions. I enjoyed watching
    her decide my fate. What to punish, how hard. I felt my complete helplessness
    while watching all of this. She was also good at working with my mind, telling
    me what she was going to do or might do.   
She took advantage of my erection by snapping
    the cock leash back and forth causing the internal plug to give me amazing
    pain for the length of my cock. Jane would do this while applying a light
    whip to my helpless member.   
Jane   
How dare this slave get hard. He was my prisoner
    and should be in terror of my power.   
But my own lust had been growing and now I
    saw a way to continue his punishment while I got my pleasure.   
Jim   
Jane wanted hard sex. I was lowered to the
    floor and my cock bondage adjusted so I was in the insertion device and base
    strapping. She took this all into her pussy. Here is my predicament &ndash; I
    am deeply in her with a painfully plugged cock. Her every move causes a pain
    for the full length of my member. She picked up the shocker and it still
    works giving me a powerful jolt in the cock and causing it to jump. This
    seems to be just what she needs to bring herself to climax.   
It appears she is getting ready for another
    when Amanda appears and says enough.   
I close my eyes and rest as things are removed
    from my body.   
I was bound in the usual way for the evening
    and had no trouble getting to sleep and giving my tortured body a rest. I
    slept a long time.  
Chapter Beth's Toy   
Jim   
The next morning, after the usual morning routine,
    found me back in my chastity belt with the educational device ready for use.
    I was dressed casually and was directed to where everyone was having an informal
    breakfast near the pool. The time was about half over but I could not imagine
    anything that could be in my future that could top my recent past. I just
    wanted to hit a time warp and repeat these past three days again and again.
    Jane looked very pleased and positively glowed. I asked Ruth and Beth if
    they had a quiet evening and they said that they had &lsquo;plenty of fun'.   
Today's exercise event was the Wheel. It was
    a horse trainer and it was used as such with bits and bondage. After a long
    time following the bit they changed it by placing in bars to which our hands
    were chained, like Conan in the first movie. I did not get to drive anyone
    and was whipped and shocked about like all of the others by Amanda. She seemed
    more a warrior princess in her outfit than Lucy Lawless had ever been as
    Zena.   
We had a quiet lunch back near the pool and
    then I was led back to the kennel for a short nap. At two I woke up to my &lsquo;alarm
    clock' which did not have a snooze feature. It was the remote in Amanda's
    hand. Held securely by my nose ring, Amanda held the leash and led me back
    to the dungeon playroom. I was in a black, form fitting, rubber body suit.
    My arms were inside at my sides and once it was on I could not move them
    much. A single sock was rolled over both legs so that they were made as one.
    I was muzzled so that my mouth was covered but not gagged. A collar, with
    chain, was attached to my neck and I was attached to chain hanging from overhead.
    Amanda left me a shapeless rubber object wafting in its fate.   
My favorite sound, the click of high heels,
    told me that my owner of the evening was arriving. She showed me a real whip,
    a knotted many tailed flogger. This is the kind of whip used on sailing ships
    for punishment. This is the whip you would use to break a slave and to strike
    fear into your other slave properties. This was the whip of the inquisition.
    She stated her demands and gave me several demonstration lashes. Even with
    the rubber as protection my back was on fire. This was a whip that you would
    obey.   
Beth   
I wanted another vaginal orgasm. I had talked
    it over with Mistress Amanda and we had agreed on how we would use Jim for
    my pleasure. I was using a real whip for the control rush and I wanted his
    best efforts, and if he didn't perform in a short time I was going to give
    him more of the whip and force him to try again and again until I got what
    I wanted. I slipped into the special rubber panties and relaxed while Mistress
    Amanda fitted me in the slings and I was lifted off the floor. I was well
    supported and comfortable. The slave was also put in slings and lifted.   
Now the hard part. With the slave between my
    legs Amanda pulled the rubber helmet attached to my panties over his head.
    It was further secured with several thick straps and roller buckles. Amanda
    reached in and through his nose breathing holes inserted his nose ring and
    chain. I took the chain in one hand and had a single button in the other.
    Pushing it would let Mistress Amanda know I wanted the whip used.   
Mistress Amanda   
It was quite a sight. She was laying horizontal
    about seven feet off the floor and he was standing vertically, one foot off
    the floor. They both were supported by my large springs so that they could
    bounce up and down as they floated free. His head was right between her legs
    in a great position to use his tongue. Unknown to her I had slipped a small
    tongue vibrator on Jim's tongue and the control wires for this came out a
    corner of his mouth and were available to me.   
Beth   
The tongue owners command list was on a card
    over the slave's head. We got started and I had him spend a long time on
    the outer areas of my pussy as I built up my mental images of pleasure. When
    we got to the real work I tried all of the commands and found that &lsquo;buzz'
    was very satisfying. We were bouncing around on the springs and he stayed
    right with me and never missed a command. That inner itch seemed to build
    directly and I went right into a vaginal orgasm. It was great but things
    were over so quickly I felt a little cheated.   
 Mistress Amanda came round and asked if I
    was OK. She gave me a drink and I rested.   
Talk about all dressed up and the dance over
    too soon. She asked Jim something and he responded by saying yes Mistress.
    Feeling his breath right there at my pussy made me tingle again and the commands
    began to flow. My second took a long time and was just an ordinary one. A
    girl can sure get spoiled in a hurry but on the plus side it lasted a long
    time.   
Mistress Amanda got us unrigged. She never
    lets Jim have a moment's freedom so he ended up naked and chained on the
    floor. I took the flogger and stood over his head staring down at him and
    he up at me.   
Jim   
The slave view of Beth with a real whip is
    great. She asked if I would help her train someone as a tongue and I told
    her yes if she would do something for me. She agreed and put on her high
    heels. Using these she pinned each of my wrists and gave me one good lash
    on the chest with that knotted whip. It left large red welts. Just what I
    needed to remember this moment.  
Chapter Leather Night   
Jim   
As dinner neared I was washed by the nurse
    and turned over to the butler who announced that it was leather night. Over
    my chastity belt he fitted me with a gleaming black leather tuxedo. I was
    also fitted with a gold nose ring.   
I arrived in the drawing room to find two curious
    statues in leather. It was actually the twins in full body corsets. They
    were laced from ankle to neck which showed off their tightly cinched waists
    along the way. The corsets ended at their chins, their faces free so they
    could talk. Their breasts were bare and their nipples had long diamond dangles
    matching those in their ears. It was difficult to look at their faces while
    we talked with such distracting devices at hands-reach. I am afraid I was
    staring and being quite rude.   
They said it was fun to be so confined and
    liked the fact they were just objects for a while, fine art to be looked
    at and commented on like a bronze or marble piece.   
The girls began to arrive and each had on an
    outfit that showed what leather could do for a female.   
Beth filled to overflowing a red leather dress
    while Jane wore a short, white skirt and matching leather bra with high-heeled
    boots. Tess had on a tightly fitted black cat suit that was so sleek and
    hugging you wondered if it had been sewn on. Ruth was in her signature pink
    leather suit with matching boots. Amanda was wearing a tailored leather suit
    by Gucci.   
Tess   
I got back to the room and found that it was
    the night I had been waiting for. My black leather cat suit was laid out
    on the bed. This had been an item of personal fascination since I had seen
    the Avengers at about age six. Emma Peel had looked stunning in leather and
    when we went shopping I found a supplier that would custom make one that
    would be its equal. I took one look at it and went straight to the spa. A
    quick check of my weight and then into the steam room. An hour later I was
    ready.   
The cat suit was new and had specially-made
    concealed zippers. Once it was on I could see every muscle and every curve
    of my body. I got into the suit early and spent many happy minutes sprawling
    around on the bed like the big pussycat that I had become. The suit had a
    crotch piece that unfastened to allow bathroom trips without full removal.
    It also had a bra piece that would come off if I felt like flaunting my breasts.
    I did feel like flaunting them and took the piece off and looked at myself
    in the mirror. I was very pleased but the ideas of several nights came pouring
    back. I put them aside, went to my dominant side and marched out to dinner.   
Jim   
We were served light drinks and sat down to
    a grand dinner. Jane asked if I was OK as she had worried that she had gone
    over the limit. I reminded her that I had not used the safe signal but it
    was very close. Yes, it was fun but we both expressed concern. I realized
    that if I ever were to be in such a position again I needed to be sure that
    a detached third party was present to keep things at reasonable limits. I
    hope Jane recognized this need as well.   
Tess spent a great deal of time talking with
    Amanda. As we got up from the table she announced that she was ready to have &lsquo;them'
    done and invited us all to watch. The &lsquo;them' was quickly made clear
    as she removed the bra like cover and her terrific breasts with rampant nipples,
    projected proudly.   
We all walked back to the playroom and Amanda
    directed us to one of the strange pieces of furniture that were located about
    the large room. Strange music with a rhythmic but foreign beat filled the
    air. I was asked to lie down and Tess was soon in place above me. Padded
    rests supported us both. Her crotch cover was off and her pussy was before
    my eyes. My head came out from between her legs and by looking up I had a
    great view of the bottoms of her breasts.   
 &ldquo;You are once again only a tongue owned
    by others,&rdquo; Amanda told me and I waited for commands.   
She prepared Tess's nipples for piercing. It
    was not going to be a simple piercing. A long rod appeared with a needle
    sharp point at each end. There was a ring in the middle and two half cylinder
    shaped cups facing outward on the rod on either side of the central ring.
    The cups were about nipple sized. The nipples were placed in vacuum cups
    and forceps with u shaped pads came into view.  Another
    woman was now controlling things and she had a very clinical manner. If she
    wasn't a Doctor she had a lot of medical training. She treated Amanda like
    a surgical nurse.  A nipple was removed
    from suction, the forceps applied and pierced in a quick flurry of actions.
    Tess let out a brief yelp. The doctor forced some of the rod through the
    nipple. She unscrewed the sharp tip, placed another half cylinder on the
    rod and screwed a larger end fitting in place. This complete she pierced
    the second nipple and finished the other end. I had been waiting for commands
    and wondered why I had no orders during this major trauma to ease the pain.   
It turned out the trauma was yet to come. I
    realized that Tess had selected one of the torture nipple bars we had seen
    on the display evening. The two little half cylinders on each side of each
    nipple were covered with small spikes on the inside.   
Amanda brought two in close to the left nipple
    and two bands went around them. They were small black cable ties. Pulling
    the ends brought the half thimbles into a firm and painful grasp. I was so
    transfixed by the site that I missed a command to begin and was punished
    for my tardiness. She was soon complete in a shinny and very controlling
    nipple bar. I was given commands and Amanda played with her new toy until
    Tess was fulfilled.   
I was released and Tess's hands were re-cuffed
    behind her back. We, each in turn, were invited to inspect and tug at the
    nipple bar.   
Tess   
I had been thinking about the bar since I had
    seen it on the table. I talked over many aspects of nipple piercing and finally
    came to the conclusion that this was the time and place to have them done.
    When the needle was ready I had second thoughts but they went away as I succumbed
    to the pleasure of the control I was passing to others in such a demanding
    and demeaning way.   
Standing before them with my breasts so brazenly
    displayed and with such surrender, as the bar would ensure, made me sure
    of my decision. I could imagine the control that would flow over me from
    a leash attached to the central ring.   
The others went on and I was turned over to
    the doctor for removal of the device and installation of maintenance studs
    while the healing went on. She told me it would be four to six weeks before
    I could use them for real play.   
Jim   
I thought that would be it for the evening
    but I soon learned that there was to be much more. Jane was stripped and
    lashed to what can only be described as a rape bench. She is flat on her
    back but support ends at her butt. Her legs are spread and tied down making
    it easy to walk up and use her presented pussy.   
Amanda talks to me for a moment and I find
    that I come to a full erection. She knows all of my buttons. She attaches
    a mean looking clit stimulator to the base of my cock. It has hard rubber
    probes that will catch a most tender spot when I mount Jane. She also applies
    four stretchy cock rings with rubber spins that will rub her internally.
    This is coated with KY and I am told to mount her. It feels great and I am
    getting a power rush from the thought of this being payback for the pain
    she had given to me earlier.   
Jane is watching but is gagged. Her eyes pop
    as Amanda approaches with a pair of piercing forceps. Jane had several orgasms
    during the next ten minutes as Amanda slowly pierced her nipples. The final
    treat was that Amanda passed me a hot iron and I got to brand her lower right
    breast with my cock deeply punishing her sex. No feeling of compassion this
    time just total control, it gave me a wonderful orgasm.   
I am quickly led from the room and want to
    go back as I am having deep regret for actually using a branding iron on
    a helpless person. Amanda takes me to a mirror and shows me my brands. They
    have been hidden by a band-aid all week. When they are removed I am surprised
    to see that I have no mark at all. Mistress Amanda explains it was a trick
    using a special covering that minimizes the actual burning of your skin.
    She also tells me that it is exactly what just happened to Jane. We both
    got the thrill of branding without the mark. At most there would be redness
    that might last a day or two.  
Chapter Teamwork   
Jim   
I t had been another night in the kennel and
    another morning with the nurse. I was in a CB2000 chastity device and dressed
    in casual clothes. We all met for breakfast and were in kind of camper mode,
    just talking about life in general, and what today's activities would be.
    Everybody had learned by now not to out-guess Amanda but we did bet on who
    would play dominant or submissive next.   
It was workout first thing and I had my two
    naked slaves to condition, this time with a treadmill and exercise bike.
    I got to take them to the tub and shower for cleanup and Amanda even allowed
    me to put on their chastity belts. It was fun to stroke their inner thighs
    and pat their mounds to give them a little stimulation before locking away
    their pleasure buttons. Amanda took the keys and they went around her neck
    joining the key to my CB2000.   
We had lunch together and it talked about anything
    but D&amp;S.   
After lunch we were ordered to strip and apply
    sun block. We helped each other and soon we were ready for our chains. Metal
    collars went around necks and a chain was connected so we were in line. Hands
    were cuffed up high and in front so that we had no protection for our bodies.
    I was last and we marched off with Amanda giving the lead directions and
    correcting us with her crop. She was wearing an outfit the one might think
    of as lady lion tamer. She would come up behind you and give a command followed
    by a smack or two. It reminded you that you had no will of your own and could
    only do as she commanded. She also liked to whack legs, backs and occasionally
    breasts.   
We went by a roundabout route to the golf area
    where the twins and the German's were waiting. They took over and we were
    soon in pony gear. Everything was about the same as before except this time
    with blinkers so you had to look ahead. All chastity devices were removed
    and we were pretty bare. Amanda showed up in livery of bright red and with
    a long coach whip. She told us that today we were going to pull the Lady
    of the Manor in her favorite coach.   
We were hitched two by two with Ruth as the
    single lead pony. A very handsome open coach was brought out. It was made
    of a gleaming wood and finished with bright brass fittings. Amanda boarded
    and grabbed the reins. I knew this because the ball in my mouth yanked its
    control. The whip snapped over our heads and we moved the coach. It was heavy
    and we really had to pull. We drove around to the front door of the mansion.   
There was a wait and then some voices and we
    got a short view of a very properly dressed woman who had to be in her late
    seventies. She was in a gray suit that reeked of money with a fine broad
    hat to protect her from the sun. She complemented Amanda on the team and
    harnessing and boarded the coach. You could hear her instructions to Amanda,   
&ldquo;Drive on, let's circle the lake,&rdquo; Mistress
    Amanda would then shake the reins and instruct us to move. We were marching
    in step and were corrected if we failed to be in step. For me it brought
    back memories of the Army.   
After a long ride, more than an hour, I was
    getting tired and the voice spoke the line from every Victorian novel. &ldquo;Home
    and don't spare the horses.&rdquo;   
Amanda didn't and the whip no longer just snapped
    over our heads. Back at the front door we were breathing hard and trying
    to recover when the Lady walked by and gave commands. Breed these two, I
    think he would do better as a gelding and so on. It was given in such an
    offhand manner and with such authority that I thought it might be the next
    thing that occurred. I was un-harnessed, washed, re-locked in the CB2000
    and put down for a much-needed nap. I was not gelded.   
Beth   
My blinkers were closed and a gloved hand carefully
    inspected my body. Mistress Amanda adjusted my posture and had me perform
    by marching in place. The Lady of the Manor made no direct comment and I
    was left to wonder about the personal inspection.  
Chapter Corset   
Jim   
The pre-dinner preparations were different.
    I was given over to the nurse who after cleaning did the dressing. My hands
    were cuffed to each end of a two-foot bar and the bar raised over my head.
    I was blindfolded so I did not get a look at the items applied but did get
    some ideas as I put all of my senses into high gear.   
First was a corset that went from hips to upper
    chest. As it touched my skin I noted several colder areas including over
    each nipple. I was sure it was a corset as it was laced quite tightly. Something
    went around and firmly gripped my neck from shoulders to chin. This was made
    snug and I found that I had very little movement of my head.   
My nurse then directed her efforts downward.
    A butt plug went in. Things were attached to my balls several places along
    my dick and something was inserted and fitted to the end. Something cold
    went on between my legs. I was then directed to step into leather shorts
    that were pulled up. A lot of lacing and tugging went on and then I could
    feel the tight fitting shorts from mid thigh to up over the bottom of the
    corset. Something happened at my lower back and then there were many small
    movements over the next several minutes.   
My nurse told me it was testing time, and I
    should report what I felt. It was electrical stimulation and it came from
    many spots, each tested in turn. There were several areas that did not work
    and after more time they were functioning.   
Now that I was wired, it was completion time.
    On each leg, I was placed in high- heeled boots. The boots were tall enough
    to meet the shorts and were laced on. Some attachment was made from boot
    top to shorts. One hand was released, put in a long leather glove that was
    laced to a tight fit. The hand was brought behind my back and fastened to
    the corset. When the other hand was bound the blindfold came off and I had
    a look in the mirror. I was covered from head to toe in burgundy leather.
    The heels were not too high and I could walk and stand comfortably.   
My nurse told me to walk to the drawing room.
    Amanda was there in a great black leather corset dress demonstrating her
    usual commanding presence. She went around to my back and there was the sound
    of Velcro.   
&ldquo;You are now my robot.&rdquo; You will
    follow the commands I give you and if you fail you will be punished. This
    kind of talk has always made me very horny and did so now. She gave me a
    list of commands that started with 1 short forward, 2 stop, 1 long left and
    2 long right   
&ldquo;Let's give it a try,&rdquo; she chuckled.
    I felt a sharp sensation in my dick as the remote triggered a shock and I
    began to walk. Several commands followed and I soon made a mistake. That
    was level one &ndash; for punishment we will try level two and the pain became
    more intense. Soon I got better at following her commands. She gave me a
    taste of level three and finally level four which caused a brief spasm. She
    also demonstrated that she could shock each ball and my butt plug and many
    others areas of my body. She went on teaching me commands.   
Mistress Amanda   
One of the side benefits of being a Mistress
    is that submissiveness is not related to intelligence. Some of my clients
    are highly skilled in technical areas. These skills are applied to D&amp; S
    and are motivated by two factors: My slaves are devoted to pleasing me, and
    they are in search of new ways to exercise their own fantasies. The innovations
    can be spectacular.   
Jim was wearing electronics that were the product
    of one of my slaves. It has an infrared remote, like a TV, so many commands
    are possible and programmable. His corset has sensors on each side so I can
    hit him from any direction. The control package on his back can accommodate
    anything from shock this sensor to shock this series of sensors using a song
    to control the pace and rhythm. I was about to play &ldquo;Bolero&rdquo; using
    his whole body.   
Jim   
I didn't recognize it as a song at first just
    a rapidly changing pattern of stimulation. After the repetition took hold
    I knew what it was and it began to build just like the music. I got lost
    in the feelings and missed the entrance of the others.   
Tess   
I got to the drawing room but it had taken
    awhile in the high heels and &lsquo;skirt' that was tight to the knee. Jim
    was going through some kind of twitching sequence and Amanda was holding
    a remote and watching him with a contented look. My costume was one that
    had been closest to my personal desires. I have owned several bondage corsets
    but none with the custom fit and features of the one that I was now wearing.
    It was dark green leather with white piping and laces. It was basically a
    corset dress that went from knee to neck. I had been cinched in and was tightly
    held erect. Highlights for me were my bare ass that was forced by the tight
    lacing to jut rear ward. Also visible at my butt was a strap that went down
    my crack and pulled a leather covering tightly over my hidden sex. Amanda
    had done something down there before she let me dress and I was aware that
    there was something in or near my pussy but I knew not what. It was not uncomfortable
    or stimulating. Long white gloves with green bracelets completed the look.
    The bracelets had rings and there were to matching rings at my waist so that
    I could be restrained.   
My breasts were bare and forced to project
    forward by the tightness of the upper leather. I was wearing a nipple bar
    with thimbles over each nipple but no internal spines on the thimbles. The
    dangles at each nipple matched earrings and I was quite a sight.   
Jane   
I had fashioned my corset outfit after a bazaar
    creature you can see in the movie Barbarella. These fierce looking leather
    covered figures featured one arm that no longer had a hand just an arm that
    became a whip. With that basic idea I created as threatening piece of gear
    as I could manage. It was basically a black leather cat suit with a corseted
    waist. It seemed like it was one piece from high heels to head helmet. I
    had a mouth hole and my eyes peered from behind built in dark lens. I was
    hidden. I had long sharp polished metal spikes projecting from many points
    including large ones from my breasts. My hug would be deadly.   
My left hand without the whip was in a glove
    covered on the palm with spikes, a vampire glove. There was a whip, about
    six feet long, attached to the glove on my left hand and with little practice
    it produced a satisfying crack. Bring on the slaves! Amanda had applied something
    to my sex before this was all put on.   
Beth   
For my corset I had selected gold and steel.
    This was inspired by the wife of a Toronto software CEO who had a custom
    gold chest piece molded after her body complete with diamond nipple and gold
    chain with thumb ring. It had started as a costume for a movie and the basic
    modeling and casting was done when the picture was put on hold. I bought
    the piece from the producer and had it completed. It's a steel corset that
    is gold plated. It is about 6 inches in height and nips my waist down to
    very small dimensions. I am proud that my body still fits. It has a complex
    ratcheting closure that must be done slowly and carefully or it pinches.
    Once closed it is reasonably comfortable but doesn't let a girl take a very
    deep breath. There is a matching crotch piece that is hinged mental and makes
    an excellent chastity belt. Mistress Amanda placed something under it during
    dressing. I can't wait to find out what it will do to me.   
I am in a gold half bra that is metal and has
    been shaped exactly to support me. The high heels that go with this are gold
    with lots of ankle straps. I think that I radiate the power of a sexual and
    sensual women.   
Ruth   
I have gone for the breathless look of an extreme
    corset matched with impossibly high heels, the prim ballet shoe with the
    fetish look. My waist is now down to less than 20 inches and I am all curves.
    This is covered by a dress in a heavy fabric that hides all of the transitions
    and makes my lines look more natural. The corset has a strap to go between
    my legs to keep it in place and under this something firm is waiting between
    the moist lips of my pussy. The shoes have eight-inch heels that cause the
    foot to point to a small pad just like a ballerina's point. I have had some
    ballet before but they are painful to stand on. The cramps are just going
    to kill me, so I am planning to sit a lot tonight   
Amanda   
They are all wearing a feedback control system.
    When I activate it a specific action will give them a brief shot of pleasurable
    stimulation caused by vibration and electrical pulses. Tess has to shake
    her nipples, Jane to crack her whip, Beth has to dry hump her hips and Ruth
    has to take two steps in those punishing shoes. I activate the system and
    it will take sometime for each to learn the action required to produce the
    pleasure effect.   
I let them go until they are nearly ready to
    cum and then shut them off. It's very frustrating and they begged to let
    them continue. I have plans for them tomorrow so, not tonight. It's tough
    to be a slave.   
Jim   
The song has ended and I am left standing still
    for a moment. I notice that the girls have arrived in incredible outfits.
    They are each repeating a different motion and kind of staring off into space.
    It's quite a sight.   
I focused on Ruth she was in an outfit that
    had served as a mainstay of my fetish desires for years. For the first time
    I wanted out of my bondage and I wanted to grab her carry her away and take
    her, it was lust in a very pure form. I was on my way toward her when Mistress
    Amanda realized what I was doing and stunned me to the floor. I was soon
    close to Ruth but positioned as a foot rest for those long long heels. To
    prevent further independent actions my noise ring was chained to a chair
    leg with no slack.  
Chapter Auction   
Jim   
I had another quiet morning free in simple
    cock bondage and casual clothes. I was allowed out and encouraged to play
    golf. Beth was there also and we shared a cart. She is a very good golfer
    and beat me easily. We talked of many things and I learned some of the life
    of a celebrity and she learned about the joy of sailing.   
After an informal lunch where we were all present
    it was back to the rooms for preparation for the next event. I was serviced
    and dressed in the uniform of a roman general. Just like the movies, with
    an elaborate leather chest piece and short skirt of leather strips and roman
    sandals that have gold work up the front of the leg.   
I was led back into a stage area and seated
    there were Hans, Gretchen and the older women who I had met in the hall.
    She had been transformed, as she was exquisitely dressed in very tasteful
    afternoon clothing. She had perfect hair, and was fashion perfect with accessories
    like bag, belt, and gloves and large but understated jewelry.   
Amanda came on stage with a whip and announced
    that the auction would begin shortly. We picked up a folder with our names
    on it and read our roles we would have for this act of our play. Comments
    to make, how much to bid, and whom we would buy.   
Jane   
We were nude and had been made up all over.
    Those of us who have done Playboy knew the routine and we thought that maybe
    some kind of photos would be taken. Our hair was down and as long and simply
    straight as possible. Amanda arrived with gold collars that were locked on
    our necks. Taking a lead, we followed her to a holding area. She left and
    then soon returned. She brought out a pair of thumb cuffs that were attached
    to Tess's thumbs and then fastened behind the back of her neck so that she
    was standing with her hands seemingly clasped behind her neck and hidden
    by her hair. Leaving the three of us chained to a pillar, Tess was led away.   
Tess   
I was led out on to a stage and was looking
    into bright lights. There were people there and an announcer began. &ldquo;Afternoon
    slave auction, lot number one.&rdquo; While I was adjusting to that idea
    the announcer continued listing many personal descriptions, Height, weight,
    sizes of everything, including the diameter of my breasts, the thickness
    of my nipples, the maximum depth of my pussy, and on and on. Next came a
    detailed description of my libido. The final section of my introduction was
    a description of possible slave positions that I might fill. My natural pride
    leaped forward and was struck down by such jobs as draft pony for plow work,
    milk cow, breeder and domestic servant. My conscious mind reacted to it all;
    my sexual self loved every second.   
The bidding process began with demands that
    I turn and display every part of my anatomy. Measurements were challenged
    and retaken as proof. The bidding was spirited and I was purchased by a male
    voice that claimed I was good dairy stock. Once sold I was led to a holding
    area where my hands were released and I was chained where I could watch the
    next item up for bid.   
Jane   
Amanda came and I was fitted and led out. I
    had a similar auction experience to Tess. The description was long and the
    suggested uses were punishment slave, galley slave, and galley whip master.
    All of those were working on me and my female owner announced that she had
    purchased me for the galley, but left the role open. I spent the rest of
    the auction contemplating the joys of each role.   
Ruth   
My auction was announced as a &ldquo;citizen
    of Rome&rdquo; and &ldquo;fine barbarian bitch newly captured in the wars
    with the Huns&rdquo;. I was forced of demonstrate how large a phallic I could
    take in my mouth and the length and dexterity of my tongue. I was purchased
    by General Maximus and was very pleased with the way that Amanda had worked
    my fantasy into the week.   
Beth   
I was last and had fun showing off my body
    for the bidders. I really camped it up. When I was sold I finally heard an
    older but dignified female voice say, &ldquo;Fit her as a bitch&rdquo;. I
    wasn't sure what she meant but the meaning was clear after Amanda fitted
    me. I was in leather leg coverings that bent my calves back to my thighs
    with padded knees. Paw booties were put on my hands and a restraining system
    that went from hand to knees making sure I could not reach up too high with
    my hands.   
My new owners arrived and clipped a leash to
    my collar. Bitch meant dog. &ldquo;Heel&rdquo; she said and I was crawling
    along at her side. Once in my first session with Mistress Amanda I admitted
    to a dog fantasy, I was not currently sure I was happy with that admission,
    but I was going to play the role so it was doggy barks, whines and pants
    if only for a while.   
As we moved along I got a little look at my
    owner. It was an older women but boy was she well dressed. Her handbag was
    over $10K and I recognized the shoes from a French custom designer. She had
    on some jewelry and I realized I was looking at the biggest opal broach I
    had ever seen. The hem of her skirt and the material were perfect and of
    a very fine mohair or something even better. It dawned on me that my owner
    probably could afford me and might have the power to see that I remained
    her slave.   
We entered a large living room and she called, &ldquo;Maurice
    come see what I have purchased for you.&rdquo; So I was gong to be a plaything
    for her male friend. I was shocked when Maurice came towards me, went around
    behind and sniffed my cunt. You see Maurice was a beautifully and formally
    groomed full sized male poodle, white with those big puffs of hair. Maurice
    continued to sniff while my owner encouraged him with words of praise and
    direction. She wanted the dog to fuck me! Maurice to my relief did not seem
    inclined and came around front and was licking my face in a friendly way,
    welcome to doggy life.   
&ldquo;I was afraid of that, he's getting old
    just like me. Oh well, I do have another use for you&ldquo; she said while
    indicating her crotch with an alligator leather gloved hand.&rdquo; Was I
    going to have to lick out this old woman?   
Mrs. Westover   
It had been such fun to work over Beth's mind.
    Amanda had given me all of the keys and you could watch her reaction by skin
    color and tone. Maurice did like to use women and once a month I sent him
    out to a call girl who seemed to like the experience. I had something else
    in mind, however, for this lovely young body that was now mine.  
Chapter Art   
Beth   
She released me from the leg bondage and I
    was invited to stand. She took off my booties and I was a naked slave in
    collar and chain leash standing in a beautifully furnished room next to an
    elegant woman. I was as self-conscious as it is possible to make a person.
    Well, at least I thought that was true. She walked off and I followed my
    leash. We walked on to another magnificent room, which had a bronze statue,
    the focal point of the room, on a pedestal.   
   
&ldquo;Eve   was
    created for Rodin's largest commission,  The
    Gates of Hell  .
    Never completed, these monumental doors (intended for a museum of decorative
    arts) occupied Rodin for more than the last three decades of his life, and
    they are the source for some of his best known sculptures, among them  The
    Thinker   and  The
    Kiss  . Eve
    was a popular subject at the end of the nineteenth century, generally interpreted
    as  femme fatale:   sensuous,
    erotically beautiful, and seductive. But this is not how Rodin treated her.
    His  Eve   is
    an embodiment of shame and contrition, as she half buries her head in her
    arms and twists away from our gaze. Far from displaying her physical charms
    to the (in the nineteenth century, primarily male) viewer,  Eve   is
    covering her breasts and clenching her legs &mdash; less out of embarrassment
    over her nakedness than in a spasm of guilt. The woman's deep psychological
    anguish is powerfully communicated in her tense, inward-folding pose, while
    the tortured, lumpy modeling of her heavy body mirrors the torture of the
    soul.&rdquo;   
Claudia Einecke   
I looked it over for several minutes as the
    strength of the light and the position of the figure were very powerful.
    Once you thought you had the meaning another came to mind. At last I thought
    I had it. Forgetting my role I ventured, &ldquo;She's in the closet, afraid
    to show her real self to the world suffering from their shame and judgement.&rdquo;   
Mrs. Westover   
What an intelligent young women, or maybe you
    have to live in the closet to sense the meaning. My husband and I had acquired
    the statue for that very reason and very few of our guests have ever known.
    Several that did were brought to tears by the emotion. I was interested to
    see that my slave was also crying.   
Beth   
She left me alone while I gathered myself.
    Then she spoke in a way that truly amazed me. I was to be a model, to play
    a role, to be mounted on a pedestal, I was to become the twin of eve. A make-up
    artist arrived and touched me up.   
We walked over to an area near the statue where
    there was a circle in the marble floor. She had me stand there and removed
    the collar. She stepped back and touched a button and the circle beneath
    me rose. When I had reached a height even with Eve the pedestal stopped.
    A large screen lowered from the ceiling and soon I was looking at a side-by-side
    image of Eve and myself. I went to work. When I had the basic position correct
    from the front the camera shifted and I could see a comparative side view.
    Next it was adjusted to the rear view, then the other side and then back
    to front. I was just able to peek out over my arms and see the screen. After
    several turns I had the physical posture but not the inner shame and guilt.   
I went to work on that; thinking back to my
    shame as I used and hid my toys. I thought about my cover-ups anytime someone
    made a crude &lsquo;whips and chains' joke. I used my feelings of loneliness,
    caused by never being able to share my passions. I paid special attention
    to that day at age fifteen when Mom had found some of my early written fantasies.   
 It worked.   
My curator told me that she thought I was ready
    and left the room. She returned with about twenty people who were holding
    wineglasses and talking amongst themselves. When they came into close proximity
    they all fell silent for a good while and then the comments began. Some were
    about pose and lighting, some about proportion and many about intimate parts
    of me. Being on a pedestal and listening to all this really did work on my
    guilt and shame. I peeked at the screen and I really was eve. Oh yes I was
    infinitely more self-conscious than I had been alone on my leash.   
This did not last too long. In the back of
    the group, were a man and women who were in their seventies. They were quietly
    sobbing in each other's arms. My owner told me that I could rest. I wasn't
    sure that I wanted to rest for that would mean unclenching and not hiding
    anymore. It was a very hard choice. After thinking it through for a bit I
    had it &hellip; I realized that I need not rest but to &ldquo;come out&rdquo;   
I slowly came out of the posture and assumed
    a more erect stance. I lowered my arms and no longer hid my breasts. I let
    my mind wonder to the people who had shared this week with me and the confirmation
    of self, joy actually, that we had shared. I moved my legs apart and slowly
    went from frightened nymph to powerful proud women not afraid of the gaze
    or comments of society. Everyone had stopped talking again and after a long
    pause there was applause. I think it is the finest work that I have ever
    done.   
I wanted to hold onto the moment but you could
    see that recognition was dawning on several of the people there. They were
    about to speak, say my name, and force me to acknowledge my celebrity self.
    This was not a transition I wanted to make.   
Mrs. Westover   
What a moment it had been and what art. She
    had been superb as Eve and even better as she came forth. Many have tried
    before. Some after drinking to much and some as pure acting, but no one who
    was an admitted Switch. The week of major stimulation and validation with
    others of her kind had given her the strength and personal insight that she
    needed.   
The moment could not last. I made a mental
    note to pray that the high-speed recordings and pictures came out. I introduced
    my model and thanked her for a wonderful performance. There was more applause.
    Her stand was lowered and a maid gave her a robe and she left. My guests
    were eager with their complements. Many asked how I had managed to land such
    a famous star for the role. I told only one couple, the two that cried, the
    true story of buying her at auction.  
Chapter Toys   
Amanda   
While the statue session had been going on
    I had released Tess and given her a treat, her own puppy boy on a leash.
    It was an old friend of hers that we had found and it was clear from the
    greetings that they were going to have lots of fun. I left Jane on her collar,
    put her in a blindfold and got her a treat.   
She and the male super star had been quite
    an item for several months before they had separated. I will not explain
    the scheme we had used to lure him here and get him naked and in chains.
    I led him in blindfolded and chained him about six feet from Jane. I quickly
    removed both the blindfolds and stepped back.   
&ldquo;Brad, what are you doing here?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Jane are you all right?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;I fine, this is my thing.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Your thing, its my thing too.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;God, think of all the great sex we missed.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Think of all the great sex were going
    to have.&rdquo;   
At that point they forgot all about collars
    and chains and went for each other. They didn't get far and I stepped in
    between. I explained that they were going to be freed but only after they
    had come to some agreement on ground rules and safe words. Brad had drives
    nearly the same level of intensity as Jane and real damage could be done
    in the heat of play. They began to talk amongst themselves and soon called
    me back with a sensible plan. I left them chained up and in heat over each
    other until Beth returned.   
Beth came back glowing. She thanked Ruth, Jim
    and I and said it had been one of the best afternoons of her life. She also
    got a puppy boy as a present and I let everybody go off and play.   
Ruth   
So that's what led up to my fantasy scene in
    the bedroom you know from the start of this book. Why this fantasy? I knew
    exactly where the idea had been planted in my brain.   
My fantasy had orientated in an odd location,
    a book by Noble Prize winner Richard Feynman. I read &lsquo;Surely Your Joking
    Mr. Feynman' by the Cal-Tech physicist at about age 13 as part of a great
    minds program at school. In this wide-ranging book he tells many tales including
    painting a picture for a massage parlor. The subject was a roman slave girl
    who is giving a massage to a roman official. He described the look on the
    bare breasted slave girl's face as that of someone who is resigned to being
    used. My library copy of the book had a Polaroid of the painting and it went
    directly into my brain. Over time the image evolved to a bound slave girl
    giving oral service to a Roman General.   
The necklace is an O-ring gag. It holds your
    mouth open so you cannot resist or bite a penis forced into your mouth. I
    had worked out with Amanda a signal to let my General know when he was in
    far enough so that I wouldn't choke.   
The blindfold was lowered and a big round smooth
    object entered my mouth. He was pushing in and it felt huge against my tongue.
    I gave the signal to stop and waited to be commanded to use my tongue. I
    concentrated on the total submission of the position and on the pleasure
    sensations that must be shooting through that thing I was going to be stroking
    with my tongue. I began.   
It was fun to service him and to wait expectantly
    for the cum to shoot directly into the back of my throat. He tapped me to
    let me know it was on the way and with a deep breath I was able to swallow
    the load. Amanda had warned me that I might choke.   
Jim   
It had been great. She had swallowed it all
    and had not choked. I had been very worried about this but Amanda told me
    what to do including how to summon medical help in a hurry. I came out and
    removed the gag and left her alone for several minutes.   
She finally spoke and asked a favor, one that
    was very easy to grant. She sure tastes good. When it was over I helped her
    out of her bondage. It took awhile to stretch and massage her strained arms.   
I asked her for a favor and she was pretty
    reluctant but finally did as I asked. She went to the closet and selected
    the brass heeled boot from the first night. She heated the heel over a candle
    and gave me a real brand on the upper right thigh. It is right next to the
    brand given me by Mistress Amanda. I will always treasure it as symbol of
    the week and her ownership of me.   
Afterward we talked while in that spooning
    position I had used to warm her so many emotions ago. I thanked her for the
    week, and she thanked me for leading her to self-awareness.   
We slept late and went down to a quiet breakfast.
    There was a sign announcing that the wrap party was to be at noon and the
    dress was casual. 
Chapter Wrap   
Amanda   
I took Diane to the wrap party, as he had been
    the nurse who serviced Jim. It was quite a group. Our five principles, the
    twins, the Olympian, Gretchen and Hans you already know. Mrs. Westover was
    playing the gracious host and was having fun introducing herself to those
    she had not met. Others were the maids, make up and hair people who had provided
    important support. The additions of the last day, Brad and the two puppy
    boys were there. A special person for me was the Doctor from Minneapolis.
    It was this woman who had first found and pulled the dominant lover of control
    and bondage out of a simple medical technician. I will always thank her for
    that insight and support as I started toward my true calling. Her medical
    support had also been important and reassuring given the intense level of
    play some of the scenes had risen too.   
Jane   
Brad and I had a great night and expected many
    more. I will always wonder if our ships, having passed in the night, would
    have ever come back together without Mistress Amanda.   
Tess   
What a ball, I never expected the week to be
    such a series of mind blowing events. I can't wait for my nipples to heal
    and the fun to begin.   
Ruth   
My hero was really thanked and I had learned
    a lot and knew way more about myself. My requirements for a life partner
    had changed. I wonder if Jim has any unmarried sons that have inherited their
    father's kind of needs.   
Beth   
I am so hooked on oral sex. I got the Paul
    C panty and rubber shorts as a gift and wonder where I can find a trainable
    person who will wear it for me. The other big event was the screening. In
    the corner was sitting a very tired looking Fred Drake. Fred is about 26
    and is the best film editor in Hollywood with two Oscars. He moved near to
    me as a big screen descended from the ceiling and took my hand. Mrs. Westover
    called for quiet and signaled for the show to begin. Projected in wonderful
    color was the Eve performance with music and a wonderful narration by a voice
    that sounded like Charlton Heston. All this was done overnight. Everybody
    cried. Fred had done amazing work and had at least 8 camera to work with.
    He shook and held me as we watched. Everyone commented on the eyes. One camera
    tracked only my eyes and when it starts you can see my pain and fear. The
    change from that to glaring defiance is gradual and spellbinding. When it
    was over Fred said that with more time it could be improved, a perfectionist.   
Jim   
I was asked to speak last and was happy to
    thank everyone. It took a long time and I was very emotional. These people
    had been special. I went on quite awhile about Mistress Amanda and her special
    meaning in my life. She had helped me in a small way to accomplish what Beth
    had done on that pedestal.   
As a closing comment and as a joke I asked, &ldquo;Same
    time next year?&rdquo; No one laughed.   
Mrs. Westover rose and told us that we were
    welcome back. She addressed Amanda and told her that she would be happy to
    cover expenses and challenged her to be creative and fresh next year &ndash; quite
    a challenge.   
Amanda   
It was over, and I had another year of creative
    planning ahead &ndash;what fun.   
Jim   
Well it was over but there was next fall to
    look forward to. In the mean time Ruth, Jane and Brad, separately, had asked
    about sailing.   
End   
Postscript   
Beth   
Too many people had seen the performance of
    Eve for it to remain a secret. It got several awards at Cannes and may be
    seen at the Rodin Museums in Paris and Philadelphia. The credits reveal that
    it really was Charlton Heston doing the narration and I learned that he had
    been one of the live viewers.  







Switch a Fantasy Novel

By Reverie

October 10, 2003

Copyright 2003&nbsp; by James Wo, 2003oll

Table of Contents
Introduction........2
Chapter&nbsp; Bedroom........3
Chapter&nbsp; Rescue........4
Chapter Planning........7
Chapter Preparation........12
Chapter&nbsp; Arrival........17
Chapter Introductions........23
Chapter Ponies........28
Chapter Harem........31
Chapter Harnessing........34
Chapter TaiTea&#8217;s Toy........38
Chapter Rubber Night........40
Chapter&nbsp; Workouts........42
Chapter Jennifer&#8217;s Toy........44
Chapter Heather&#8217;s Toy........46
Chapter&nbsp; Leather Night........48
Chapter&nbsp; Teamwork........51
Chapter Corset........52
Chapter Auction........56
Chapter Art........58
Chapter Toys........61
Chapter Wrap........63



Introduction


This book is a fantasy.&nbsp; I would love to live it out but I don&#8217;t expect any of these things to actually come to pass.&nbsp; Most would worry me if they happened.&nbsp; Some cannot be done safely and I worry about my person and the spread of STD.&nbsp; Still it&#8217;s nice to dream.

For those that read the book and make judgements let me state for the record:



I have used a professional dominatrix, but that does not involve any sex.&nbsp; Tab A never goes into slot B.

I don&#8217;t like pain.

I accept pain only so far as it shows the control taken by another over me.
I have on two occasions hired a professional submissive.&nbsp; I was unwilling to hurt either one and spent most of my expensive time worrying about their welfare.
It bothers me to even kill bugs and I look away from all road kill.&nbsp; Hitting some animal with my car causes months of guilt.

Some of the things that are described in the book have happened to me.&nbsp; Some were self inflicted, some by a Professional Dominant.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you have no background in these areas here is what it is really like.

Whipping can range for massage to some extreme level.&nbsp; Most that I have experienced were of the massage working up to light pain.&nbsp; Spanking and caning have been more painful and all can leave light bruising.

Electrical stimulation &#8211; this can range from a mild itch to pain to muscle spasms.&nbsp; In sex play this is done with special devices that provide the right kind of electricity for stimulation not for damage.&nbsp; No one plugs you into the wall.&nbsp; Instead, medical muscle stimulators called Ten&#8217;s units are frequently used.&nbsp; Special care is taken to keep this away from the heart.&nbsp; Electrical stimulation of your sex lets you know that some one else has taken control of these important nerves.&nbsp; 

I have no piercing and don&#8217;t want any.&nbsp; I love the thought of control that someone holding a chain connected directly to your body would provide.&nbsp; The thought of the damage overcomes this.&nbsp; Instead I prefer binding and clamping.&nbsp; I have once had a play piercing, a needle through a nipple for the experience.

I have two brands.&nbsp; Branding with a white-hot iron is nearly pain free as the nerves are vaporized.&nbsp; I had mine done with a modest heat.&nbsp; It hurts and takes a while to heal, but the memory of the event is solid and the pleasure at looking at yourself with the ownership marks of another is splendid.&nbsp; I like looking at them as proof of who I am and when and how they were done. They are small white circles and only I know their location.
 





Chapter&nbsp; Bedroom

Reese

My name is Reese, star of the silver screen.&nbsp; I am in a bedroom that was once used by JFK and Marilyn and I am about to try to live out a fantasy. I have on a special necklace with a large ring.&nbsp; It&#8217;s not really a necklace but it is around my throat.&nbsp; A soft pink satin blindfold rests across my forehead.&nbsp; I have a set of beads that hang from a string around my hips that hide my sex but provide it no protection.&nbsp; Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria is putting me into the final pieces of my costume for the evening just as she has directed all of this week&#8217;s activities. 

The last item is brought out.&nbsp; I have been working for weeks to be able to do this.&nbsp; It is a collar with a set of mittens that hold my hands behind and way up my back.&nbsp; Most people can&#8217;t even get their hands to this position but I intend to keep my hands there for about an hour.&nbsp; I am in great shape and very flexible but it has taken stretching, yoga and just plain practice to be able to meet this goal.&nbsp; I am doing all of this for myself to be able to fulfill a dream I have had for many years, the dream of being a helpless bound slave for a Roman General.&nbsp; Such a strange dream, not if you&#8217;re into dominance and submission.&nbsp; If you are not then this story is not for you.

With my arms in place, AmandaVictoria whispers several things in my ear that have a direct impact on my libido.&nbsp; My sex grows hotter and I close my eyes to concentrate on the images that she has just provided.&nbsp; They open again as I feel Mistress clipping the y shaped leash to each of my nipple rings.&nbsp; I am left tethered by this chain of fine gold to a chair.&nbsp; Mistress departs and&nbsp; I hear the clicking of her heels as she leaves the soft carpeting of the bedroom and then travels the hardwood of the hall.&nbsp; I will have to wait for my fulfillment. 

I think for a moment about what is going on near by.&nbsp; In two similar rooms two other blond female celebrities have males, bound as puppies.&nbsp; These ladies, fulfilling their fantasies, will shortly use their puppies.&nbsp; In a third room Jennifer and Brad are certainly doing something spectacular but predicting who is doing what with whom at any given moment would be impossible.&nbsp; 

I hear the door close and the General is taking up my leash.&nbsp; He looks the part in a tooled leather chest plate that is gilded and a short skirt of leather strips. His legs extend into roman sandals.&nbsp; He is not a Hollywood hunk.&nbsp; In fact he&#8217;s a distinguished looking man in is late fifties, one who I first met four months before.&nbsp; He is graying about the temples and really looks like a veteran of the wars with his sun creased face.&nbsp; 

Jim

She is beautiful, helpless and so inviting.&nbsp; Since it is her fantasy I have been carefully instructed as to my role and the lines that I should say.&nbsp; I gently tug on her chain and direct her to crawl to my feet.&nbsp; I position the blind fold over her eyes and tell her about the punishments that await a slave who does not satisfy the General.&nbsp; Her already stiff nipples come to even further attention and the rings seem to stand on their own. I remove and position the necklace to it real location and we are ready.&nbsp; I feel the sense of power and control that I hold over her.&nbsp; These are the keys to my stimulation and I am fully ready.

The real story of how I came to be doing this, the week just past and the many things that lead up to this moment make a story that will leave my libido saturated and a smile on my face for years after my death. 

Here is the story and it begins in a most unlikely way.


Chapter&nbsp; Rescue

Jim

It was a bad day on the water.&nbsp; I was sailing my boat alone in the North Channel, which is part of the Great Lakes.&nbsp; It was early in the season so I had seen very few boats in June.&nbsp; The weather was the big surprise as it had been warm and calm with a bright sun.&nbsp; My morning weather update from Thunder Bay Coast Guard Radio had mentioned a chance for thunderstorms in our area but less than 30%.&nbsp; When the clouds began to build and the special marine warning came on the VHF radio I had about 20 minutes to get to a safe spot.&nbsp; I needed 30 minutes to cover three miles to safety.

Certain thunderstorms travel as a wave at over 60 miles an hour in the upper mid-west and this was one of those.&nbsp; When you know you are facing a storm you prepare the boat by taking in the larger jib and reefing the main.&nbsp; I would have liked to get the main down&nbsp; as well but I didn&#8217;t have the time.&nbsp; The front hit and a second gust gave me a full knock down , the mast hit the water as the boat was blown onto its side, the first ever for my very stiff boat.&nbsp; I think it was in that blast that I lost the VHF antenna and wind sensors at the top of the mast.&nbsp; 

The wind shrieked for a long time followed by hail and heavy rain.&nbsp; I was heaved too and hanging on as the waves built from nothing to 6 or 8 feet.&nbsp; It finally began to drop and I made my way slowly the last couple of miles to shelter.&nbsp; Only then did visibility improve to where I could see the second boat.&nbsp; She was lying ahull, that is parallel to the waves, and rolling through more than 90 degrees.&nbsp; I tried to call on the radio but didn&#8217;t get through thanks to the lost antenna.&nbsp; Moving in close I looked for any sign of a person on board .&nbsp; I sounded my horn, and tried to raise their attention.&nbsp; There was no dinghy so there was a chance that they had left.&nbsp; I was about to move on when I saw a hand faintly wave from the bottom of the cockpit.&nbsp; 

Now what to do?&nbsp; The boat was about 200 yards from some steep rock where these&nbsp; large waves were breaking with a furry.&nbsp; I yelled again and saw a head.&nbsp; I asked if they could take a tow and there was a shake of NO.&nbsp; I could not move along side as the rocking of the two boats would have damaged each.&nbsp; The person was wearing a rain jacket with hood.&nbsp; The only hope was for the person to jump over the side and grab a line that I would toss and be hauled aboard.&nbsp; I yelled and yelled and the face looked at the rocks and crawled over the side.&nbsp; I was able to throw the life sling, which was caught and put under the arms.&nbsp; I had no time to haul the person in as I had to begin to move my boat out of the danger zone.&nbsp; After 5 minutes of desperate work I was able to turn back to the swimmer and haul them to the side of the boat.&nbsp; The 40 degree water had turned the victim into an unconscious lump.&nbsp;&nbsp; Using the vang and a halyard I was able to lift the dead weight from the water and get it below.&nbsp; I then took&nbsp; ten minutes to get out of the waves completely at Bear Drop harbor and drop the anchor.&nbsp; With the boat safe I went below to help the victim.

It was a girl wearing jeans a shirt and a rain jacket.&nbsp; Her face was blue but she had a weak pulse and was breathing.&nbsp; She also went from violent shivers to still while I took her vitals &#8211; not a good sign.&nbsp; If you sail in cold water you should have read and understood the treatment for hypothermia.&nbsp; Hot liquids or a hot shower don&#8217;t work.&nbsp; Close contact and body heat does.&nbsp; I stripped off her soaked cold clothes to find a blue- white clammy body.&nbsp; I put her in my bunk, stripped off my clothes and pulled the quilt over us.&nbsp; I held her tightly to me first spooning her back.&nbsp; It was like clinging to a block of ice.&nbsp; After a time she began to shiver and I turned he back to the cabin wall and pressed my warm back against her front.&nbsp; Slowly over four hours she began to warm.&nbsp; She said something and I got up to make soup.&nbsp; She was able to eat some and I was able to eat a lot and then we got back to warming.&nbsp; She was now just clammy and white.&nbsp; I began to notice that she was young and there were definitely female features &#8211; In fact she had medium breast a thin waist and rounded thighs.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I fell asleep and I am sure she did too but not before I had noticed she had a firm object at the side of each nipple.&nbsp; I was awake first and up making coffee when she woke up and asked where she was.&nbsp; I explained about the boat and the storm and told her we were safe and told her that the wind, which was now howling through the rig, was not a danger to us.&nbsp; The thunderstorm had been followed by a strong cold front.

I brought her coffee and she asked about her clothes and I explained about using body heat to warm her.&nbsp; She also told me the tale of being on a charter boat with a female skipper. As the storm had come down on them the skipper could not get the engine started and had taken to the dinghy to try to pull the boat with it.&nbsp; The towline had broken and she had panicked and been blown off by the storm.

I gave her some of my clothes and she came out to the cabin and we had a nice hot breakfast.&nbsp; She asked about getting to a harbor and I explained about the weather.&nbsp; She asked about communications and by that time I had looked for and found the missing antenna .&nbsp; We were going to be together until the weather cleared.&nbsp; The low clouds would even prevent a coast guard search by air.

It was a long slow morning with her asking lots of questions about me and the boat and I began to notice that she was a very posed and good-looking female of about 25.&nbsp; We even got to names and she told me hers was Reese.&nbsp; I commented on the oddity of the name and told her that I had enjoyed Reese Witherspoons movies thinking the names was a coincident as she had brown hair.&nbsp; Her response left me gasping.&nbsp; 

I am happy you liked my work.

My first startled response was You&#8217;re not a blond.&nbsp; 

She stated she really was but wore it brown when she wanted to get away from it all, her reason for the sailing trip. We talked about many things and she eventually asked for paper to write down her experiences and I offered her my laptop.&nbsp; She took it and was typing away while I took a nap before cooking dinner.

Reese

I had been so scared and the water was so cold.&nbsp; I tried to swim but it just made me numb and soon my arms and legs didn&#8217;t work.&nbsp; I just seemed tired.&nbsp; My last thought was that I was surely going to die.&nbsp; When I began to realize that I was not dead it took a long time to realize that there was someone holding me.&nbsp; When I was truly aware I could not understand why I wasn&#8217;t in a proper hospital, after all I am a star.&nbsp; 

Jim was very good at explaining the circumstances and getting me back to functioning.&nbsp; The soup and rest made me feel like a person again but I think I will be cold forever.&nbsp; How to thank this man for saving me?&nbsp; A new boat, money, he was my dad&#8217;s age, what to get dad?

I thought I would write down my experiences as I had heard that it helps you deal with post-traumatic stress and asked for paper.&nbsp; What I got was his laptop.&nbsp; I was typing away and he began to snore in the other cabin.&nbsp; Perhaps his laptop held clues to his interests.

I opened the files that he had recently used in Word.&nbsp; Well it was his interest all right but at a level I had not expected.&nbsp; The first was a letter to a Mistress Amanda WildefyreVictoria Rage.&nbsp; It was a review of a session in which the mistress had bound and controlled him using a variety of mild tortures.&nbsp; He told of loving it.

The second was a story about a man who is in a switch relationship with a woman.&nbsp; They go though four situations, man in control - man&#8217;s fantasy, women in control - man&#8217;s fantasy, woman in control - woman&#8217;s fantasy and finally man in control - woman&#8217;s fantasy.&nbsp; It was thrilling.&nbsp;&nbsp; and I began to realize that these things were turning me on and they were all centered on control or being controlled.&nbsp; I had known for some time that physical control and symbolic torture were very hot items on the play list of my libido.&nbsp; There were more but he woke up and I went back to typing.&nbsp; 

Jim

The next day the weather allowed us to go to Blind River and a marina.&nbsp; The coast guard was glad we were safe and had found the skipper of Reese&#8217;s boat walking dazed along the Trans-Canada Highway.&nbsp; 

Reese asked for a picture, which we took with my digital camera.&nbsp; We transferred it to the laptop and Reese asked for a CD so she could burn a copy of the picture and the things that she had been writing.

She took my sailing card. She said a quick goodbye and left wearing some of my clothes headed by cab for the nearest airport. There she had arranged a plane to pick her up.&nbsp; I thought that would be our last meeting and that I would never be able to convince anyone that I had spent 12 hours; naked; in bed with a major star.&nbsp; It turned out she was a much bigger person than I thought and that we had more in common than I would have dreamed.

Reese

I got the picture alright, my notes and his whole directory of writings and letters to Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; I had everything I needed for a grand gift.


Chapter Planning

Reese

I was back at home in Hollywood and began my planning.&nbsp; A quick Google search got plenty of hits for Mistress Amanda WildefyreVictoria Rage.&nbsp; She had a web site and was the star of six or seven videos, a fellow actress.&nbsp; I was going to need help, and for that I have a great assistant,&nbsp; Bruce.&nbsp; And yes he fits the old joke, as he is quietly gay.&nbsp; He is also totally devoted to me, and a great professional.&nbsp; I told him the whole story and asked him to order the videos, rush!

Her web site was interesting.&nbsp; She talked about her offerings, listed her services, and described the equipment at Castle Diabolica her salon in Minneapolis.&nbsp; She described road trips and seminars as well as phone consultations. There was a very interesting section called wish fulfillment where she showed things that she wanted as gifts. This was followed by descriptions of past gifts and their employment in her salon.&nbsp; I followed some of the links and was soon looking at things that had been in my dreams.&nbsp; Wow, I had no idea you could actually buy things like this.

When the videos came the next day by FedEx I watched them all in a marathon session.&nbsp; Many were of men, similar to my rescuer, and were being ministered to by Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; They were always bound and helpless.&nbsp; She tied their genitals, whipped them, pinched their nipples and controlled their senses.&nbsp; The equipment she used seemed endless and judging by the erections sustained by her clients, highly effective.&nbsp; There was no sex between Mistress and client.&nbsp; It looked like sustained foreplay.

There was one video of a female client.&nbsp; I watched this and soon found myself very jealous.&nbsp; I wanted to be bound in that chair and have those things done to me.

I looked at several videos again and this time focused on AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; She wore a variety of amazing leather and rubber attire.&nbsp; She wore exotic masks and projected a very dominant and controlling presence.&nbsp; Her voice was magic.&nbsp; She was having fun.&nbsp; She would suggest things that were about to happen to the bound and helpless individual and laugh at the reaction.&nbsp; 

I asked Bruce to set up a meeting at a neutral location.&nbsp; My plan was to give Jim a major session with this dominatrix as a thank you gift.

Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria

The bad thing about my job is that I spend a lot of time on the phone and have to deal quickly with many callers who range from curious to damning.&nbsp; Sorting out those with serious interest and ability to interest me is an art. I have mastered this art and that is one of the reason I enjoy this work after ten years in the profession. 

I have heard it all.

When the male caller asked for a meeting with his principle at a local hotel my first thought was that it was one more guy calling for himself with delusions of getting me to his hotel room.&nbsp; I was about to give him my standard line of&nbsp; &#8216;I don&#8217;t take new clients unless they first write a detailed letter of their interests&#8217;.&nbsp; He got the word out&nbsp; She just in time.&nbsp; Female clients are rare, tend to be younger and are often on their way to becoming Mistresses on their own.&nbsp; I have frequently had a protegee and they have been great fun. 

I agreed to a luncheon meeting the following Wednesday.&nbsp; They said they would send a car.&nbsp; I am never really out of mistress mode so I made several demands, lunch &#8211; sushi from my favorite restaurant.&nbsp; A car, town car only, as I live in a quite residential area and keep a low profile with the neighbors. Call when waiting. And of course, my usual hourly fee for consultation.

When the day arrived I was still a little skeptical of the real reason for the meeting and half expected it to be some power mad business executive who was going to buy me because he thought that he could.&nbsp; I choose black leather boots that are in fashion this year, a black leather skirt with a crisp white blouse and a black leather blazer.&nbsp; This, with my six-foot height and black hair, makes me into a sinister and commanding presence.

The car was on time and I was delivered to one of Minneapolis&#8217;s best hotels, but not the front door.&nbsp; We went down into the parking garage where there was a private elevator that a bellman was holding for me.&nbsp; It took us directly to a top floor hallway where there were only two doors, suites A and B.&nbsp; I had been here before and I was now certain it would be a man and even was guessing which of several CEO&#8217;s was trying once again to get a session after being thrown out for bad behavior or worse being boring.

The bellman said A and waited while I knocked and was let in by a conservatively dressed and obviously gay .&nbsp; Well maybe it was something else as the powers of industry rarely have openly gay assistants. He directed me to a living room where a lovely young blond woman was sitting wearing a very expensive but conservative Armani suit.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t go the movies or watch much television, but I did recognize her as she introduced herself as Reese Witherspoon.&nbsp; It was going to be a different afternoon.

Reese

She was very tall and threatening.&nbsp; I invited her to sit and asked what she might like to drink.&nbsp; Bruce got her the fresh orange juice and I had a white wine.&nbsp; I needed something to help counteract her commanding presence.&nbsp; She seemed to sense this and stood.&nbsp; In a way I do not understand, Bruce knew he had been summoned to assist her in removing her blazer and&nbsp; taking it to be carefully hung.&nbsp; She re-seated herself and smiled.

I began to tell AmandaVictoria of my interest in getting a session for my rescuer.

AmandaVictoria

I knew she was submissive from her reaction to me.&nbsp; It&#8217;s easy to spot the defensive posture of crossing the arms and looking down at my boots.&nbsp; A very large part of her wanted my control.&nbsp; When she talked the second dimension appeared, as she knew how to take control and dominate.&nbsp; I put her down as a switch.&nbsp; That was too bad, because as a pure submissive she would have made a wonderful toy.

She told me her story and showed me several of the letters and the subject&#8217;s picture.&nbsp; It was Jim from Texas, an old client.&nbsp;&nbsp; She called for lunch and my favorite Sushi Chef appeared.&nbsp; I ordered in Japanese and so did she.&nbsp; Both the chef and her Japanese impressed me. We had lunch and continued to talk. I told her that Jim was a switch and that had gotten him into trouble with me. He had discussed, in my presence, his fantasy of a switch session, one in which he would dominant me. Only I dominate.&nbsp; 

I believe that you are also a switch.&nbsp; Would you like to share the session with him? I asked and got a stunned reaction.

Reese

Wow.&nbsp; In an hour she had me figured out. I could not image having a session with someone as old as my father.&nbsp; The idea of a session had been growing in my mind but it was one at the hands of Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; Mistress had become a standard part of my reference to her even though I had started with Ms. WildefyreRage and had been invited to use AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; 

She invited me back to Castle Diabolica to get the file on Jim and to let me &#8216;have a look.&#8217;

AmandaVictoria

She was clearly hooked and I was trying to figure out how I could clear the schedule for the evening.&nbsp; It was the second Wednesday of the month, which meant that a regular was due for his TV session.&nbsp; 

The car returned us to my residence and I had Reese follow me up the stairs to Castle Diabolica.&nbsp; I left her alone after telling her that she might look but could not touch and went to retrieve my file on Jim.&nbsp; She was staring with an open mouth as I left.&nbsp; 

She was about in the same spot when I returned.&nbsp; I ordered her to sit and reviewed the file on Jim.&nbsp; He had about ten sessions with me and had written letters describing his reaction to each.&nbsp; In addition there was a short story that he had written and sent along to give me insight to his fantasies.&nbsp; 

I gave this story to Reese and she read it carefully while I finished with the other letters.

Reese

There was everything on those walls.&nbsp; Many were so complex and unfamiliar that they were a mystery.&nbsp; I was looking at one and finally figured out it was a working chastity belt, with a lock!&nbsp; It was shinny and bright with a copper cast and I knew that it would look sexy on me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Imagine having someone take control of your sex.&nbsp; I was getting wet when she returned.

She handed me a story from Jim.&nbsp; It was about a college freshman that takes a job providing bound oral sex for a sorority.&nbsp; He has to lick-out multiple sisters in a single night all while bound and blindfolded.&nbsp; The sisters have several controls to encourage or punish him.&nbsp; My mind wonders down the path of being one of those sisters and my temperature rises some more.

When Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria is through with the letters, I tell her of one of the stories that was on his computer.&nbsp; It was called the &#8216;Tongue Owners Manual&#8217;; it gave the bondage and controls plus a series of commands that could be used on an oral slave. Clearly Jim had an interest in being used for oral sex.

AmandaVictoria

I told Reese that I was sure that Jim would love a session of bound oral sex on a female.&nbsp; She asked if I could arrange that.&nbsp; I told her that I did not provide sexual partners, but on occasion did orchestrate such sessions between willing partners.&nbsp; Would she like to be the dominant female?&nbsp; I was certain of the answer well before she nodded yes.

I went on to describe some of Jim&#8217;s other interest such as pony play, predicament bondage, his love of high heels, electrical stimulation and submission to the whip.&nbsp; He had piercing fantasies and had once had a mild brand administered by me in a weak moment.&nbsp; I no longer do permanent marks. 

She was working up her courage and I felt that I had to cut it off before she was disappointed.&nbsp; I told her that I would give her a tour but that I had &#8216;other plans&#8217; for the evening.


Reese

I was ready to ask about a session right then for me and was relieved when she told me that her evening was not available.&nbsp; We took a tour of the establishment.&nbsp; The medical room was interesting, the bondage items fascinating and the TV room beyond belief.&nbsp; The most interesting was the Mistress&#8217;s wardrobe.&nbsp; I had two emotions, I wanted all of that stuff in my size and I was interested in being owned even for a short time by a leather-clad goddess.&nbsp; I was also very interested in the rubber clothing but the one time I had tried similar items on and they were very uncomfortable to wear.&nbsp; 

We got back to the subject of a session for Jim  location, cost and timing.&nbsp; These were agreed in general and I thought I was ready to go and had reached for my cell phone to call the car.&nbsp; A buzzer sounded and Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria left the room for a moment and I spent more time looking at the equipment of Castle Diabolica.

When she returned I was working up courage to ask for a session again when she announced that she had a cancellation.&nbsp; I asked for an introductory session.

AmandaVictoria

My regular client had called with a head cold.&nbsp; I was trying to figure out how to nudge her courage over the edge when she asked for a session.&nbsp; It was going to be a beautiful evening.

She called and told her driver to pick her up much later and I handed her my survey form for new slaves and instructed her to complete it.&nbsp; It came back with a wide variety of boxes checked reflecting a person with complex fantasies.&nbsp; I told her of safe words, no marks and we decided on a three-hour limit.&nbsp; I told her to take off her cloths in the bath area, fold them, kneel and wait.&nbsp; I went off and got into my own play clothes.

It was a wonderful time, and even more fun as I discovered her pierced nipples.&nbsp; She was very responsive and seemed to do a good job of letting go and giving herself over completely to my control.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Reese

It was wonderful, no decisions for three hours.&nbsp; She managed my position, stimulation levels and sensory inputs.&nbsp; She fed my mind with stories of things that I had dreamed about.&nbsp; She commanded me completely.&nbsp; When it was over and I was taking a shower I had come to a major decision.&nbsp; The session I had planned was now one for Jim and I together and one afternoon was not going to be enough.

Coming out of the shower and dressing, I outlined these changes to Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria, we agreed to go back to the hotel for dinner and the real planning began.

AmandaVictoria

The real planning only started at dinner.&nbsp;&nbsp; It became apparent that it would be a week long, would require a special site and that there would need to be two or three other female switches to make it fun. Extensive preparation including the buying of wardrobes and specially fitted bondage equipment would be needed.

I told Reese that I had an idea for the site and that she would need to locate females who had an interest.&nbsp; This seemed to be a major stumbling block so I gave her some pointers on what to look for.&nbsp; I even named some names that were thought to be interested in D&amp;S.

I mentioned some numbers for my services for a week and they were readily accepted.
Picking a date would be a problem as the site and Jim&#8217;s schedules were totally unknown.

 
Chapter Preparation

Reese

I was back in Hollywood, picking my next project and at the same time following this passion that was building in me.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had given me a shopping list and several references.&nbsp; The shopping was easy, but I had to travel to New York and Europe as fit is very important.&nbsp; Finding three other females was much harder.&nbsp; I gathered my courage and called the first one on the list and set up lunch.&nbsp; After admitting my own situation, hooked on the stuff, it was very easy to get past the defenses of the other women and we were soon talking about the planning, the shopping and who else could we get.&nbsp; The four were quickly found.

I hired a private investigator and soon knew of Jim&#8217;s usual pattern in the fall.&nbsp; With a little more work we were able to get the information of when he was scheduled to have his boat come out of the water.&nbsp; He would then head home to Texas.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria called with requests for even more information on Jim such as hobbies, interests, sports, anything we could find.

I won&#8217;t tell about all of the purchases but some were leather and some were rubber.&nbsp; I have outfits for my role as dominant.&nbsp; I also have some cute things that will make me feel more helpless and vulnerable when I am submissive.&nbsp; At Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria&#8217;s direction I also have several rubber outfits.&nbsp; The correct lotion helps.&nbsp; It allows you to put on rubber and wear it while getting a sexy feel.

Heather

It was a surprise to get a call from Reese.&nbsp; We had met but I did not know her well and we don&#8217;t socialize.&nbsp; Her admissions were amusing and my guard was really up.&nbsp; I have kept my secret for many years.&nbsp; When she suggested that she knew I was a switch I was shocked, what had given me away?&nbsp; Reese had picked a private spot for the meeting and in a leap of faith I admitted the truth.&nbsp; Reese was the first person other than my psychiatrist and one professional dominant that knew that truth. Some partners knew I was kinky but nobody had the whole picture.&nbsp; It was a relief to come out of the closet.&nbsp; More than relief followed.

Reese told me the story and the general plan.&nbsp; She also asked me to check out Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria and loaned me the tapes.&nbsp; We then got to a general sharing of fetishes and fantasies and found we had a lot in common.&nbsp; Reese got invited over to see my secret wardrobe and we became sisters.

Reese came back to the reward purpose of the trip after telling the story of her rescue.&nbsp; How did I feel about oral sex from an older man?&nbsp; It didn&#8217;t feel very good.&nbsp; I have had men and once a woman &#8216;do me&#8217;.&nbsp; It was not great as it either stopped at foreplay, or they could not keep up with my gyrations.&nbsp; When my cilt is stimulated my hips and body thrash about.&nbsp; It&#8217;s one of the reasons I like to be on top.

I watched the video and got the general feel for the week.&nbsp; If I could keep my schedule clear and I could get past the age of the man it would be fun.

Reese

I had similar meeting with Tea and Jennifer.&nbsp; Tea was easy just like Heather but Jennifer was a different story.&nbsp; Jennifer unlike the rest of us also had pain linked with control.&nbsp; She liked to hurt her submissive and, as a true switch, wanted real pain as a slave.&nbsp; She agreed to a long phone session with Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria to see if she could be accommodated into our little group.&nbsp; 

With some direct leads that Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria had from dominates in the LA area I found the two submissives we would also need for a short period.

Jennifer 

Reese was the second person to learn of my needs.&nbsp; My psychiatrist knew and was stressing that I could not change myself without serious drugs like L-dopa and that it would remove my sex drive entirely.&nbsp; She had suggested that there were people who would be good partner for me.&nbsp; How to find a partner without someone finding out and selling me out to the tabloids was the problem.

I called Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria and we had a long chat.&nbsp; It turned out that the rescuer of Reese did have a relatively high tolerance for pain. I could have total power over a helpless slave.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t exactly my fantasy but it was much better than anything I had experienced before.&nbsp; I also explained my own need for pain when acting as a submissive.&nbsp; This was coupled with my need to present a flawless body to the public when we did a red carpet flesh parade.&nbsp; I had done a great deal of writing and Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria demanded I bring it to the interview.

AmandaVictoria

Reese had done a great job of finding other switches.&nbsp; I was looking forward to playing with this group of grade-A female flesh.&nbsp; I had them travel to Minneapolis for an extensive interview and sample session.&nbsp; I wanted them to begin to experience control.&nbsp; I also had other requirements.&nbsp; In planning for the week there were some special surprises.&nbsp; These involved special equipment that would be custom made.&nbsp; Individual measurements were required.

Reese came back and we did some more planning.&nbsp; I outlined several additional events and she approved the budget for travel of my suggested additions.&nbsp; Her session was different and confirmed several other fantasy areas.&nbsp; She also agreed that she was willing to have vaginal sex and perform oral sex as a way of thanking her hero.

Heather offered no surprises after her phone call.&nbsp; Tea was much the same as Heather but had some different fantasies.&nbsp; She had a clit hood ring that had been placed years earlier and was not a big part of her sexual self. She also revealed that oral sex performed by a woman would not offend her.&nbsp; Her quote A tongue has no sex.

Jennifer was very different.&nbsp; While bound she begged to be hurt, wanted a bigger whip, tighter nipple clamps, she begged to be pierced and branded. We talked about limits and came to some agreements on where and to what extent her need for pain and submission could be met.&nbsp; I had Diane, my TV slave, come up and watched while Jennifer applied the whip.&nbsp; Her desires for pain in dominant mode were very strong and Diane&#8217;s cries of pain were a drug that she could not get enough of. I had to tell her to stop.

All four sessions were successful in that I got the critical measurements off to the supplier in time to meet our schedule.&nbsp; The major yield of these sessions is that I now had a profile and direct experience with each.&nbsp; I knew their hot buttons as submissives and had a good idea of their desires when in dominant mode.&nbsp; The writings they had brought along were a big help.&nbsp; Everybody was going to get a treat.

The location was the other major effort in the weeks of preparation.&nbsp; I had at one time talked with a Dominant who practiced in the 60&#8217;s.&nbsp; She had told of one estate that was owned by a couple that were fully committed to B&amp;D and D&amp;S.&nbsp; They had a fully equipped play area and lots of space.&nbsp; Checking revealed that the husband had passed away several years ago but the lady still lived there in seclusion.

I tried calling.&nbsp; It was hard to even get a number and turned out to be a waste of time as calls were screened and I was not on the pre-approved list. I finally wrote a letter, which I labeled personal.&nbsp; Several days later I got a phone call and the voice asked me to hold for Mrs. Annenberg.

She came on the line and the greeting could not have been friendlier. AmandaVictoria I love the videos.&nbsp; We talked and I outlined the purpose of my call.&nbsp; She was more willing than I could have hoped and I was invited for a tour.

I will quote from the Washington Post article that was published on the passing of her husband.
 

There -- in a 32,000-square-foot house surrounded by a private, nine-hole golf course and protected by armed security guards and a six-foot-high, barbed-wire-topped anchor fence -- Annenberg welcomed world leaders and Hollywood luminaries as his guests. Prince Charles, serving in the Royal Navy, stopped in for a visit on shore leave from his ship, the HMS Jupiter. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip came for lunch. Nixon drafted programs and tape-recorded radio address from Sunnylands. In February 1975, six months after resigning in disgrace, the former president was an Annenberg houseguest after his hospitalization for phlebitis. Frank Sinatra almost always attended the annual Sunnylands New Year's Eve party. Ronald and Nancy Reagan, Gerald R. Ford, Nelson A. Rockefeller, George H.W. Bush, Julie Eisenhower and Bob Hope were also regulars. 

A corps of 50 servants, groundskeepers and guards looked after the comfort and protection of Sunnylands guests. A fleet of white golf carts, each emblazoned with the emblem of a fiery orange Mayan sun god, stood ready to carry them about the exquisitely manicured golf course. Inside the main house reposed the priceless Annenberg art collection, supplemented by Ming vases, shelves of Stueben crystal and such sculptures as Rodin's Eve, the artist's original casting in 68 inches of dark green bronze. 

AmandaVictoria

It was perfect.&nbsp; Not only was it large well protected but it had a great deal of outdoor space.&nbsp; It&#8217;s interesting to be naked and bound in private. It&#8217;s much more of a rush to be outside under the moonlight and even more threatening in the light of day.&nbsp; There was a large bondage playroom that would certainly meet most of my needs.&nbsp; By shipping in smaller equipment everything required would be at hand.&nbsp; 

After the tour and an elegant lunch, I asked her requirements for the loan of her home.&nbsp; There were several, none of them monetary. 

Mrs. Annenberg

I was happy to meet and talk with a fellow enthusiast. It will be nice to supply a setting for the reward of such a gallant sailor.&nbsp; My only regret was that I was beyond being an active participant.&nbsp; The mention of a fee was slightly offensive.&nbsp; I did think of several requirements one of which AmandaVictoria was able to oblige me with that very afternoon.

Out from storage came an extraordinary piece of leather bondage equipment, my favorite.&nbsp; Made of very soft and thin leather, kid I think, it had many features.&nbsp; I spent nearly an hour being laced in.&nbsp; It binds the legs together, arms behind, nips the waist and supports the neck.&nbsp; There was a hood.&nbsp;&nbsp; When complete; I was immobile lying on a bed and dreaming about past uses. It had been so much fun.&nbsp; I asked that AmandaVictoria spin tales along subject lines of my choice and she did a superb job.&nbsp; It was over too quickly but an old body can only take the loss of movement and the forced position of ones limbs for a short period.&nbsp; I once spent all night laced in and loved every second.

I asked to be involved in the session as a passive viewer.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria assured me that she would find an active role and we agreed on a week in late September.&nbsp; We spoke of staff and I agreed that we would send most of the staff away.&nbsp; Staying would be servants who had been with me for some time and were used to the &#8216;old ways&#8217;. I summoned George, my head of security, and explained the requirement of privacy and control of all security camera recordings.&nbsp; He assured me of compliance.

AmandaVictoria

I let the girls know and it looked like everything was coming together.&nbsp; Jim even had his boat out of the water on schedule.&nbsp; Diane packed and Reese sent a private jet to carry us, and all the fourteen pieces of luggage needed to transport some of Castle Diabloica&#8217;s finest items.&nbsp; Another 6 pieces were filled with my clothing.&nbsp; Diane got one.



Chapter&nbsp; Arrival

Jim

The end of the sailing season came in September and I was home in Texas.&nbsp; 

The phone rang and it was Reese,&nbsp; I would like to say thanks can you come visit me for a week? 

 I said sure, thinking I would get to watch her make a movie or something.&nbsp; She asked if I could come right away and I said sure, what did I need to pack, and she said just some casual clothes and that I would be picked up in an hour.&nbsp; Did I golf?&nbsp; Bring your clubs was added.&nbsp; One hour later the Limo driver knocked on my door and delivered me to Addison Airport where a small Cessna Jet was waiting.&nbsp; I was alone in the eight-passenger cabin and the plane headed west.&nbsp; We landed in three hours and another limo took me through a very upscale community to a substantial gate, up a long drive and left me at the door to a grand mansion.&nbsp; I knocked on the door, and to my surprise, Amanda WildefyreVictoria Rage opened it. She was wearing casual clothes.&nbsp; I stammered hello as I had been expecting Reese or, given the scale of the house, a Butler.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

AmandaVictoria is my favorite dominatrix.&nbsp; She maintains Castle Diabolica in Minneapolis.&nbsp; The equipment list for the castle would run in to thousands of items.&nbsp; She has a fabulous wardrobe.&nbsp; The thing I have always enjoyed most about my time with her is the sense of pleasure and fun with which she approaches her work.&nbsp; She is very professional.&nbsp; In many sessions I don&#8217;t think that I have ever been able to touch her other than a thank-you hug as I left.

She led me back to a small dining area where there was a buffet of light food and she invited me to  eat a little while I tell you what&#8217;s about to happen.&nbsp;&nbsp; Reese had contacted AmandaVictoria and asked her to construct a thank-you week for me.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria said she kept a complete file on her clients and had used it to do the planning.&nbsp; She did have several questions about interests that she had not explored. I was eager to say yes to several and no to only one.&nbsp; She assured me that everything we were about to do was voluntary for all participants and she was going to be there to manage it all.&nbsp; I was so thrilled with the prospect that I didn&#8217;t even think to ask how Reese knew of my past with Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.

I can&#8217;t think of anything in the world that would be a bigger thank-you than a week organized by Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; It would be safe, sane, and work over my libido in ways that I couldn&#8217;t guess.&nbsp; I had a moment&#8217;s regret that I would not be seeing Reese but it didn&#8217;t last long.

With supper over she told me to strip and kneel.&nbsp; I have always obeyed her and did so again.&nbsp; She brought out a yoke, which went about my neck with extensions that kept my wrists out away from my body. These were locked on and she attached a leash to the front of my collar.&nbsp; A nurse in uniform and wearing a stern look appeared.&nbsp;&nbsp; She handed the leash to the nurse and said, one more thing.&nbsp; I was soon wearing a gag that filled my mouth but did not stretch my jaw and a small hole to breathe through.&nbsp; 
The nurse turned and I was following my leash.&nbsp; I was led to a large bath where I was seated and shaved. Shaved all over, no beard, no leg hair, no chest hair, no arm pit hair and no pubic hair.&nbsp; Yes, the gag came out briefly while she did my beard, but then right back in.&nbsp; Careful washing followed while I stood in a tub.&nbsp; The very last thing was an enema, which was administered with clinical precision.
 
Dry, she led me back to a large den where my collar was locked to a chain hanging in the middle of the room.&nbsp; I was feeling very exposed and wondering what would come next.

After about 10 minutes there came the magic click of high heels on a hardwood floor and I heard Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria&#8217;s laugh.&nbsp; Well don&#8217;t you look vulnerable &#8211; just what shall we do with you.&nbsp; She came into view and had a cock bondage device in her hand.&nbsp; This she quickly applied. It strapped around the base of my cock and balls. Separate traps tightened around each ball and several thin straps squeezed the length of my dick.&nbsp; She showed me a long shiny stainless rod with a rounded cap ending in a ring.&nbsp; This she lubricated and then inserted the full 10 inches up my cock. It nearly reached to my prostrate. I could feel the hard steel moving within.&nbsp; Then the cup fitted over the end of my dick was fastened to the harness by small straps.&nbsp; My dick was now ridged with a nice stainless ring dangling at the end.&nbsp; 

Next came a belt about the waist with several straps and buckles hanging down.&nbsp; A butt plug was inserted and pulled home with a strap down my crack that split to rise and attach to either side of the belt.&nbsp; Next she had me sit and fitted me in ankle high, high heeled boots.&nbsp; These were locked on and then connected by a 18 inch spreader bar.&nbsp; I was forced to stand and found that the boots fit well and were fairly comfortable.&nbsp; She worked for a while at my back and crotch.&nbsp; She came around in front and looked me over.&nbsp; 

I had a chance to appreciate her outfit.&nbsp; Thigh high leather boots with stainless heels.&nbsp; Short tight leather skirt and leather halter that displayed her ample chest.&nbsp; She also had on stainless arm bands and a matching necklace.&nbsp; Her six-foot height was increased by the heels and left her towering over me.&nbsp; She also carried a whip.

She picked up a remote and used it to demonstrate that she could shock my cock, each ball and butt plug independently or as a group.&nbsp; She also demonstrated power levels from light to spasm producing.

Lets go have some fun, she said as she moved the leash from neck to my cock ring and I was forced to follow her which gave me a great view of her thin waist, leather clad butt and flashing heels.&nbsp; It was a long walk to another wing of the house.&nbsp; We entered a heavy door and were in a very large, very well equipped bondage playroom. 

She removed the gag and gave me time to relax my mouth.&nbsp; She also gave me a short drink from a straw.&nbsp; 

Lets get you ready to serve, she said and indicated with her whip that I should kneel.&nbsp; The yoke came off and my arms were fitted into bondage mittens what were strapped at the wrist, elbow and upper arm.&nbsp; I could no longer bend my arms.&nbsp; A tight posture collar was fitted to my neck keeping my chin up and finally a hood was put over my head and firmly laced and buckled.&nbsp; My nose and mouth were not covered, but my vision was limited to down and in front of me.

She pick up a phone and called someone and said that the slave was ready.

Reese

The four of us are waiting in what actors call a green room.&nbsp; The costumes we wore helped us realize the roles we were about to play.&nbsp; The costume is stretching a bit, as my only required item is short boots and spurs.&nbsp; They have very high heels and the spurs are really long and mean looking.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had shown us how the round wheels with spikes snap out so that we are left with the smooth metal projection.&nbsp; The visual effect and the actual spurring effect will be quite stunning.&nbsp; I am in a long robe that covers the rest of my costume.&nbsp; I was required to have a bare and close cut or nude pussy.&nbsp; I like the slick feel of nude so a quick touch up with bikini wax was all that was required.&nbsp; I could wear anything I wanted above the waist and I am in a sequined bra that I love, and feel special in.

Heather

I am ready and have trimmed my pubic hair to a soft almost velvet level.&nbsp; I have very dense fine hair down there and love to feel the velvet as I touch this intimate area.&nbsp; I am still very uncertain about doing this with such an old man but am assured that he is not fat and will be well hidden from my view.&nbsp; I am expecting another so-so session of oral sex as I am sure that I will writhe at the first real stimulation.

Jennifer

I am more elaborately dressed than the others and am told that I must wait for last.&nbsp; There is a camera with a feed to the green room so that we can watch and listen to what is gong on.

The phone rings and Reese heads out and we turn to the monitor.

Jim 

About five minutes later there was the click of another set of high heels but this time with a jingle.&nbsp; A fabulous pair of legs came into view wearing short boots with brass heels and matching brass spurs.&nbsp; A voice, one that was almost familiar, asked AmandaVictoria if the slave knew the commands. AmandaVictoria said that he should as he wrote them. 

Remember the &#8216;Tongue Owners Manual&#8217; well here&#8217;s your first owner, she chuckled, Failures will be dealt with by use of the electrical control plus the whip. Satisfaction guaranteed no need for money back.

You will obey me completely slave, the women before me said as she applied a whip to my back.&nbsp; I was ready to obey any command she gave.

I was forced to crawl to a padded spot where my legs were fixed to the floor from toe to knee.&nbsp; My arms were also fixed to the floor at my sides.&nbsp; She sat in front of me and I was looking at a beautiful shave pussy.&nbsp; 

Bury your face slave but don&#8217;t use your tongue until commanded, she ordered.&nbsp; 

I did and she smelled sweet and fresh.&nbsp; I felt her whip brush my back and her legs wrap around my body, putting those heels and spurs in my flanks.&nbsp; She gave me a list of commands:

Open &#8211; part the outer pussy lips
Open inner- part the inner pussy lips
Surround- lick the area that surrounds the outer lips with long smooth strokes
Swirl &#8211; lick the area between the outer and inner lips with a broad circular motion
Extend &#8211; extend as far up the pussy as possible and lick
Flutter &#8211; lick the area of the inner lips
Pace &#8211; lick once on command &#8211; tap of whip, touch of heel, shock
Burst &#8211; lick three times - same prompt as pace
Touch- touch the clit &#8211; no licking
Hum &#8211; make a humming sound with you lips on the inner lips
Buzz &#8211; make a large motion with the lips pressed to the inner lips
Flick &#8211; lick the clit also used with pace and burst
Lock &#8211; suck and hold the clit with lips and try to flick its end with tongue
Stop &#8211; return to touching the clit without licking
Withdraw &#8211; remove your tongue

Let&#8217;s begin she said and then began to use the commands.&nbsp; When I got something wrong she gave some sort of signal to AmandaVictoria and the electrical correction would follow.&nbsp; She used her whip and heels to pace my tongue.&nbsp; Her first orgasm didn&#8217;t take long.&nbsp; Her second much longer and her third seemed to take forever with lots of encouragement from the whip and shocker.&nbsp; The plus side was that her cum juices were very tasty and excited me to greater efforts.&nbsp; 

At last she was satisfied and had me kneel up.&nbsp; She got up and told AmandaVictoria that I was good enough to be used again and that I should be prepared for the next more demanding user.

Reese

Wow that was fun.&nbsp; It was much better than a vibrator and the sense of power and control put something extra into the program.&nbsp; The commands were on a card where I could see them.&nbsp; It was like picking items from a very long and satisfying menu.&nbsp; I almost felt guilty that the last one took so long but it felt so good I couldn&#8217;t stop.

Jim

I heard her heels as she left and AmandaVictoria changed my head bondage.&nbsp; I could not see at all and there was a buzzing in my ears.&nbsp; I learned that the next person had arrived as I was yanked up on my knees.&nbsp; Things went on near my head and I found that I was tightly attached to another pussy.&nbsp; This one had a slightly different scent and fine pubic hairs.&nbsp; Discipline indicated that I should start efforts with my tongue and it took this one a long time to reach climax.&nbsp; Once she started she didn&#8217;t stop. I was beginning to wonder if she would ever stop her orgasm.&nbsp; It went on forever and she thrashed her hips about and with the bondage, my head followed every move.&nbsp; I was able to get a firm lip lock on her extended clit.&nbsp; I continued to flick her clit and enjoy her tasty orgasmic fluids.&nbsp; She stopped suddenly and there was a long pause before I was released from her cunt.&nbsp; I had the impression that she was carried from the room.&nbsp; 

Heather

Well it wasn&#8217;t too bad as he was pretty well hidden.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure what was on his head but when its function became clear as I did up the side zippers I had to admit there were real possibilities.&nbsp; I learned later it was a Paul C Leather Smother Panty.&nbsp; It was a set of leather side zip shorts with a leather bondage helmet attached so that the mouth of the slave is firmly attached right where it can do the most good.&nbsp; I laid back; relaxed and began to summon up my favorite mental images.&nbsp; I used my heels a little and AmandaVictoria was doing something and using her whip with modest strokes.&nbsp; This seemed very effective as the slave really went after me.

It takes a while to bring me to orgasm and I was thrusting my hips quite hard as I came.&nbsp; The leather kept him in place and at his work.&nbsp; As I began to really buck he sucked down and trapped my clit between his lips and flicked the end with his tongue.&nbsp; A deeper itch seemed to build and then explode.&nbsp; It finally faded and I was back to just a normal set of orgasmic spasms.&nbsp; Some time later things got dark and the next thing I knew a female doctor was bringing me around.&nbsp; They brought in a stretcher and rolled me out of the room.&nbsp; The doctor told me that it had probably been a vaginal orgasm.&nbsp; What ever it was I wanted it again and soon.

Jim

AmandaVictoria took off the head gear and offered me some water.&nbsp; Back went the original head piece and I was forced to present my tongue to which some object was attached.&nbsp; User number three arrived with clicking gold heels and spurs.&nbsp; When we began I noticed that is was easier with the device on my tongue as I did not have to project as far.&nbsp; It also became apparent from a clicking sound that she had some sort of piercing.&nbsp; I could not detect any pubic hair. She used the command list and had two orgasms before leaving.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I was hoping that was the last as my tongue was very tired.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria forced me to stand for the next one and moved something so that I could see.&nbsp; My next owner arrived in silver heels and spurs, a tight corset, bare breasts, a mean looking whip and a owl predator mask made of feathers.&nbsp; She looked me over told AmandaVictoria she doubted that I would do, but would give it a try for the sake of her friend.&nbsp; She turned to AmandaVictoria and said Pierce his nipples, give him a nose ring and we&#8217;ll see what he can do. My vision was totally cut off and AmandaVictoria did the piercing.

She let me scream from the pain when it hurt.

AmandaVictoria

I did put thin hypodermic needles through his nipples but took them right out and placed him in heavy-duty nipple clamps.&nbsp; The nose ring was also spring loaded and the contact area has two small points that make it feel like a piercing.

Jennifer

I did not know what was going to happen beyond that this was oral sex night.&nbsp; I was told that this was the fantasy of the slave so that I had some lines to read.&nbsp; When I read the pierce line it made me hot.&nbsp; I got a lot hotter as I watched and listened to the sounds as my orders were actually carried out.

Jim

I had a chain connected to my nipples and a ring with chain to my nose.&nbsp; I was forced back to the position and the owl mistress grabbed my nipple chain in one hand and the nose chain in the other and forced my head into her cunt.&nbsp; It was awash with juice.&nbsp; Extend your tongue and touch my clit but don&#8217;t move.&nbsp; I tried and after several whip lashes and nose yanks found the tender bud.&nbsp; 

Jennifer

If I had been hot before the next lines and events were like hydrogen fusion.

&#8216;I brand all of my cunt lickers, Once so I know that you have served me and a second time if you have pleased me.&#8217;

I gave a nod and AmandaVictoria came up with a hot iron. And used it on his ass.&nbsp; He jumped and fought and I could feel his tongue jump with the pain as it touched my clit. That brought on my first orgasm.&nbsp; 

Such fun!&nbsp; I gave him much more pain and the screaming was music as I tugged on the leashes and AmandaVictoria used her whip and the cock shocker. 

Jim

When she was satisfied she told me to touch her clit again with my tongue and the hot iron bit my other ass cheek.&nbsp; I guess I passed her test.&nbsp; She left with a clicking of heels and a jingle of spurs.

AmandaVictoria had me kneel up and I was soon in my traveling bondage.&nbsp; I followed her to another wing of the house where my cock bondage came off and the butt plug was pulled out.&nbsp; I was blind folded and my piercings were treated, I think, by someone other than AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; My brands were also treated and bandaged. 

Time for you to go to your kennel. AmandaVictoria said as she applied paw booties a collar with short chains to each paw and a new cock lock.&nbsp; I was forced to crawl through a low bared door and my collar was chained to the far end with my feet to the door.&nbsp; I could lie on either side but had no way of reaching my cock to re-live those magic hours that I had just been through.&nbsp; There was a water tube, a food tube, and I was told that if I needed to pee to just go, as my cock bondage had a drain.&nbsp; I was asleep very quickly.&nbsp; 


Chapter Introductions

Jim

I don&#8217;t know how long I slept but I did wake and drink, eat and pee.&nbsp; After some more sleep I needed to have a BM and whined like a dog.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria arrived and led me to a bathroom where I was serviced and given a bidet.&nbsp; My piercings and brands were checked.&nbsp; I was locked into a CB2000 and allowed to dress in casual clothes. AmandaVictoria let me roam about our wing of the mansion.&nbsp; She had set strict limits on how far I could roam.&nbsp; There was some interesting artwork and expensive looking objects in the halls and rooms.&nbsp; There was a television room and I was able to catch CNN and the market. 
I even found a computer that was up and had Internet access.&nbsp; More time went by.&nbsp; Later in the afternoon I was again taking a walk in our wing when an unimposing half-round table caught my eye.

It was very similar to one that had been on an early Antiques Road Show.&nbsp; I had seen a similar pair of tables when I had toured Montecillo.&nbsp; As I was kneeling to look more closely at the construction, a quiet voice suggested that it would be all right if I turned the table over.&nbsp; It was a lady of trim proportions and wearing a modest suit without adornment.&nbsp; She had gray hair and was from 65 to 80.&nbsp; 

She helped me to move a vase and I carefully turned the table over.&nbsp; She pointed out several construction details.&nbsp; She also showed me a very old and very faint partial label.&nbsp; I was unable to read it but offered that I had seen a similar table on the Road Show and as I recalled a similar label.&nbsp; She smiled and complemented me on my memory and continued to affirm that this was the same table.&nbsp; That made me really nervous as later Antique Road Show had shown the table being sold at Christie's for nearly $500,000.&nbsp; I thanked her and quickly turned the table back upright and against the wall.&nbsp; I was worried that someone would have seen us playing with this piece of American history.&nbsp; I was a guest and I did not want to bring on any trouble for this older woman who looked like an elderly nanny out for a stroll.

Mrs Annenberg

I had been curious to see the players in our little tableau.&nbsp; I had borrowed clothes from a maid and was out looking about to see whom I might run into.&nbsp; I was pleased that it was the sailor, a polite thoughtful looking chap. His interest and memory of the table were pleasing.&nbsp; As a collector, it&#8217;s always fun to surprise someone admiring one of your prized pieces.&nbsp; That particular piece is extra fun due to the publicity on that television show.&nbsp; If he had been impressed with the table I wonder what he would have thought of the vase that he had moved.&nbsp; It was worth twice what the table was worth.

It was difficult for me not to offer him hospitality and show him some of my other things, but I needed to keep a low profile, as AmandaVictoria had been successful in finding me several roles to play.

Jim

I was watching the evening news when AmandaVictoria found me. I was stripped, yoked and turned over to the nurse.&nbsp; Same treatment as yesterday minus the enema.&nbsp; She returned me to AmandaVictoria who applied a simple yet effective cock shocking remote device and handed me a set of boxer shorts. She told me to go through a door where a very proper butler greeted me, told me dinner was formal and proceeded to dress me for the occasion in a tuxedo.

I was told to go down to a drawing room where AmandaVictoria and Reese were waiting in elegant long dresses.&nbsp; 

I hope you are having fun, said Reese, AmandaVictoria said that was one of your favorite fantasies.

I assured her that it was beyond all of my dreams.&nbsp; I then remember that I had given up on seeing Reese and went over to give her a hug.

I want to thank you for introducing me to AmandaVictoria, she said, She has taught me more about sex and myself than I ever would have believed possible.&nbsp; In fact I was having so much fun that I decided to let a few friends in on the secret.&nbsp; We have been shopping, locating a place, finding the right staff and having a ball for the last month getting ready for this.

That statement contained so much information that my mind was racing on the possibilities.&nbsp; Reese must be at least a submissive, and how had I introduced her to all of this?

At that moment another fabulous beauty entered.&nbsp; I am sure you have seen Tea Leoni on TV, she said by way of introduction.&nbsp; Tea gave me a hug and I could feel her big breasts even through the layers of tux.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two more arrived and it was Heather Locklear and Jennifer Aniston.&nbsp; 

Reese was having fun, You actual have met everybody here already on a very personal level &#8211; can you guess who is who.

I was speechless.&nbsp; I had just been told that I had licked four of the most famous women in the world and all in a single night.&nbsp; Each looked at me with a very sexy smile and there were tongue licks and blown kisses.&nbsp; I might have exploded right there but AmandaVictoria kicked in with a couple of jolts that brought me back to reality.&nbsp; They were each wearing a &#8216;Red Carpet&#8217; outfit, beautiful hair, great jewels and long, couture gowns with plenty of leg and cleavage.

Three more women joined us; one was a pair of twins that had really killer bodies &#8211; tits too big to believe &#8211; kind of like Pamela Anderson.&nbsp; The last was quite a shock, as it was a female Olympic medal winner in swimming.

We went into dinner where Reese and AmandaVictoria had the heads of the table.&nbsp; I sat across from Heather and between Jennifer and Tea.&nbsp; Dinner was entirely about the planning of the event.&nbsp; They served food and a very good wine but I hardly noticed.&nbsp; 

After dinner the four actresses plus AmandaVictoria went into a living room.&nbsp; I was asked to tell the story of the rescue and more about how I found AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; The girls managed to find ways to sit close so I had a great view of cleavage, legs, jewelry and great perfume.&nbsp; I am sure AmandaVictoria had told them of my fixation with high heels as each had on a pair of killer heels.&nbsp; They finally got around to asking if I could guess the sequence.&nbsp; I was thinking of them as multiple, longest, pierced, and sadist. 

I asked if it was all right to tell about each and they said sure as they had talked about it at their afternoon workout and watched on TV.&nbsp; They also told me each was wearing a clue.&nbsp; It finally clicked &#8211; the shoe colors were about the same as the night before. Reese was first and had been Miss multiple.&nbsp; Heather had been second.&nbsp; Tea had the cunt piercing which left Jennifer as the sadist.&nbsp; She gave me a big warm smile and asked how my nipples and brands were.&nbsp; I told her they weren&#8217;t bothering me and she let me know she would be happy to give me more of the same.&nbsp; Much to my surprise I blurted out, Anytime Mistress.

I also inquired about whether Heather had been all right at the end and she said that she had passed out and it was one of the best orgasms she had ever had.&nbsp; She gave much of the credit to the mental picture of a tongue slave and the pleasure of extreme control.&nbsp; She also said she was pleased with the way I had continued my work while she convulsed.

At some point we turned to AmandaVictoria for a glimpse at the rest of the week.&nbsp; She would give no hints of what was next but the girls indicated they had many other outfits ready to go after shopping some of the best fetish shops in the US and Europe.&nbsp; All of this talk and the company was turning me on, unfortunately AmandaVictoria noticed and correction brought me back down.&nbsp; 

The girls seemed to notice this and made special efforts to taunt me by showing leg, cleavage and discussing how much fun they were going to have when they forced me to do them again.&nbsp; It was giving me a painful erection and AmandaVictoria was having fun tormenting me. So it looked like I was in the hands of four dominant females and would be their slave all week.&nbsp; That would be fun but could I stand the pace.&nbsp; I also thought back to Reese&#8217;s comments about Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; Maybe she had meant that she was learning to be a Mistress from AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; I had noticed a wry smile on Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria&#8217;s face and wondered what she knew of this and the future.

After 20 minutes of this AmandaVictoria took me from the room but asked the others to wait.

In a side room she ordered me to strip, applied a collar, wrist cuffs joined by a short bar and a chain to the collar so that my hands were well away from my cock.&nbsp; She also applied some sort of upper arm restrains behind my back.&nbsp; A bar joined my upper arms and to this bar she attached a chain from the ceiling.&nbsp; She came forward with a butterfly gag and head trainer and I soon was mute.&nbsp; I was in a dark corner of the room and she moved a screen to hide all but my head from view.&nbsp; She leaned over and said, Have fun watching and pay attention to the nipples.

Heather came in first.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria told her to stand and she applied a set of gold cuffs joined by a bar in front and a bar just as I imagined mine behind her back.&nbsp; A chain came down from the ceiling and she was attached with her arms secured.&nbsp; A maid appeared and stripped her of all clothing, and left with it.&nbsp; It was interesting to see the special bra and tiny panties that she had on under that tight dress.&nbsp; The dress had left deep pressure lines on her firm tanned skin and the maid massaged some of these and they began to disappear rapidly; a testament to her body tone.&nbsp; She was left nude in her sexy high heels with jewelry, make up and hair untouched.&nbsp; Her nipples were not aroused and she seemed curious as what was to come next.&nbsp; 

Next AmandaVictoria appeared with a gold metal set of bands that I did not recognized but when one went around the waist I realized it was a neo-steel chastity belt.&nbsp; It took Heather a little longer to realize its function but she did as the chastity shield came up between her legs. 

No, I wanted to get off tonight, she wailed.

Smack

Quiet slave, commanded AmandaVictoria, as she used her whip on that perfect ass.

Heather glared but did not say anything else.

Eyes down slave, continued AmandaVictoria,  And say yes Mistress.

Heather lowered her eyes and said, Yes Mistress, in a husky voice.

Her nipples were coming up and they sprang to extreme hardness as she watched AmandaVictoria lock on her chastity belt.&nbsp;&nbsp; AmandaVictoria showed her the key on its gold chain, which she placed about her neck where it settled into the cleavage.

A maid appeared and escorted Heather out of the room. 

If you talk you will be gagged, was AmandaVictoria&#8217;s parting comment.

Tea was next and the process was the same except that her dress had to come off over her head.&nbsp; She was getting hard nipples as the cuffs were applied.&nbsp; Once chained and the stripping was completed I got my first full view of her very large firm tits.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria stroked these with her whip and asked if they were natural.&nbsp; 

Tea replied and said, Yes.

That got her a taste of AmandaVictoria&#8217;s whip as she learned &#8216;yes Mistress&#8217;.

Her panties showed a wet stain which AmandaVictoria smelled and said, We caught you just in time, as she draped the panties over my head where I could enjoy the smell of a women in heat.

Tea did not like the idea of a chastity belt and AmandaVictoria had to whip her several times before she stood with spread legs for the fitting.&nbsp; Her eyes followed the key to AmandaVictoria&#8217;s neck. I had been watching carefully to see if I could spot her cunt piercing but only caught a glimpse of gold once.

Jennifer was next and quietly submitted to the process and showed no signs of nipple pooping.&nbsp; She also had a fine body and to my surprise tits almost as big as Tea&#8217;s.&nbsp; 

Reese was last and was talking up a storm until the maid appeared and stripped her.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria used the whip and she quit talking until the chastity belt was nearly locked on and then she demanded to be free.&nbsp; Her nipples were singing a different song as they were sticking out a long way. AmandaVictoria showed her a gag and asked if she needed it.&nbsp; 

Her meek, No Mistress reply was the end of her complaints.

After taking in all of their reactions to being bound it was clear that each liked some aspect of submission.&nbsp;&nbsp; They had all been effective dominating me the night before.&nbsp; They must have been playing a role defined by Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria. I could believe that about Heather and maybe Tea, and possibly Reese.&nbsp; Jennifer had really enjoyed my pain and bondage.&nbsp; She had to be a switch.

As Reese was taken out, AmandaVictoria brought me back to the middle of the room and the hanging chain was reattached. My cock bondage was removed and my chastity belt appeared.&nbsp; It was the gender bender model that fit my cock down a tube between my legs.&nbsp; I soon found that an erection was very painful and got more so as my cock got stiffer. 

I was led from the room to the next where the four females waited.&nbsp; She quickly formed us into a coffle by connecting a chain to the front and back of our chastity belts.&nbsp; Picking up the lead chain she walked off.

Come along slaves and keep up as I don&#8217;t want to have to whip and mark my merchandise, she laughed. 

I was at the end of the line and we all had no choice but to follow.&nbsp; She led us on a long parade through the house and even outside.

We eventually wound up back in my kennel area but now I could see that there were four more cells that had been hidden behind a screen.&nbsp; The girls were seated on stools in the middle of the room and a hanging chain attached to their elbow bar. Two maids each appeared and the jewelry was removed, inventoried, and taken to a safe somewhere.&nbsp; Makeup was removed and hair let down.&nbsp; Nightly beauty conditioning was performed and they were led to a toilet.&nbsp; The chastity belts allow you to pee. AmandaVictoria had each kneel as she fitted a gold collar and released the elbow bands.&nbsp; Hands were drawn up near the neck and ankle cuffs applied.&nbsp; Each of us was forced to crawl into our kennel.&nbsp; The head and neck chains were attached and we were secure for the night.

One more thing slaves, came AmandaVictoria&#8217;s voice.&nbsp; Your collars have anti-speaking shocking devices built in, so no talking.&nbsp; Here&#8217;s a sample. AmandaVictoria demonstrated, and&nbsp; I felt a sharp jolt at my neck.&nbsp; There was then one yelp followed instantly by another as the automated feature worked throughout the group.&nbsp; We were very quiet after that.


Chapter Ponies

Jim


I was the last up and had only been vaguely aware when the others had been removed from the kennel.&nbsp; It was the same morning routine.&nbsp; I was given the enema again and a butt plug and shield were locked into my chastity belt.&nbsp; The girls had on similar shields and we were again coffled.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria held up a remote and announced that we were wearing an educational device.&nbsp; She then demonstrated it and we all jumped from the shock up our butt plugs.

AmandaVictoria, in riding clothes, led us outside and to an area that served as the golf course.&nbsp; 

Waiting there were the twins but harnessed as team of pony girls. We were taking this all in when Hans drove Gretchen into view.&nbsp; They are the famous German couple from the video.&nbsp; He was directing her using reins attached to her nipples.&nbsp; It was easy to see a nipple stretch as he pulled one rein and then the other to show his total control.&nbsp; She even showed a few whip welts on her upper breast curve.

Today is Pony day slaves. Announced AmandaVictoria.

AmandaVictoria mounted the cart and took the reins of the twins.&nbsp; Let me spend a while describing their attire.&nbsp; It was a reproduction of a John Wyle drawing.&nbsp; Each was wearing a corset which went from just above mound Venus to below the breasts where it swept around and up to a high collar.&nbsp; Integrated with it in a seamless way was a single mitten that held their arms closely and tightly to their backs.&nbsp; This caused an arching of the back and a thrusting of the chest.&nbsp; Each wore a helmet that came down nearly over the eyes &#8211; I guess they could see down and in front.&nbsp; There were bits and reins.&nbsp; It was topped by a magnificent set of plumes.&nbsp; They had on pony boots that appeared horseshoe shaped soles and were standing on the balls of their feet.&nbsp; They had been standing motionless, but the right began to paw so I could see the sole of her hoof.&nbsp; She soon stopped and peed right there, a lesson in how to be a horse.&nbsp; I read name bands on their headpieces, not the names they had been introduced with the night before.&nbsp; They were Grin and Spin in harness.

Their very large breasts thrust forward and were complemented by a long tassel hanging from each nipple. This matched a tassel hanging from the front bottom tip of the corset that hid most of their sex. AmandaVictoria shook the reins and the show began.&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t run but they pranced, paced, marched and loped all in perfect synchronization.&nbsp; Tassels and plumes danced and they seemed to follow the slightest movement of the reins.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria snapped her whip over their heads for effect but it clearly would have been unnecessary to touch this perfectly matched and trained pair.&nbsp; How I longed to hold those reins 

&nbsp; But that was not to be for any of us slaves &#8211; we were to be trained as ponies not drivers.&nbsp; 

One of the rules of pony play, I later learned, is that every driver should have once been a pony.&nbsp; Gretchen and Hans appeared in riding clothes and began to unhitch the pair and AmandaVictoria began to harness the lead slave who was Jennifer.&nbsp; It was a simple costume, a two inch belt about the waist with wrist cuffs on short chains. A leather shelf bra went on to support and display the breasts and, I imagine, limit flopping.&nbsp; It had another purpose that I learned that afternoon. A head harness with a bit established control.&nbsp; She showed us the device.&nbsp; It was a rod that entered the mouth at the middle of the front and projected back but not to the throat.&nbsp; It pivoted in a tube of firm rubber that you bit down on.&nbsp; At the outer end of the rod were two arms where reins would be attached.&nbsp; At the business end &#8211; back in your mouth was a spiked ball.&nbsp; It looked fierce, but had short rather blunt spikes.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria also showed us some alternate balls with sharper spikes for use if we became to spirited.&nbsp; 

A simple harness, but it leaves you very open to the whip, she commented in that half laugh that we were all coming to both fear and love.

Jennifer was hitched to a light cart.&nbsp; Once she was secure between the shafts and her hands were chained so she couldn&#8217;t reach her sex AmandaVictoria approached twirling a key from about her neck.&nbsp; I will let you run free of chafe she said as she unlock and removed the chastity belt. Gretchen took the reins and snapped her whip and they walked off down the golf course cart path.&nbsp; This happened to each with the twins driving Reese and Tea. The only one I saw all day was Jennifer who was sweating hard as we passed. She had fairly large bells hanging from her nipples and signs of whip marks on her breast and thighs.&nbsp; Her nipples were rock hard.

 I was left standing alone with AmandaVictoria. She harnessed me in a much more elaborate and controlling pony costume.&nbsp; She first reinserted the nose ring and used it to tether me while she fitted the harness.&nbsp; You feel much more like an animal with a nose ring.&nbsp; A tail was added to my butt plug and I figured my chastity belt was not coming off. A wide waist belt was added.&nbsp; The head harness was more complete and had blinkers. The head harness also had a control line, which went down to the belt in back and forced my head up.&nbsp; The bit was the same.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria drove me slowly teaching me to pace and lift my knees.&nbsp; The education device was very effective as a teaching tool. After I got better she changed my bit to a ball with more spikes which focused all of my attention on obeying the reins. She ran me until I was very short of wind and then stopped to let me blow. 

She came round in front and looked me in the eye and gave me some of the best advice that I have ever had. 

You&#8217;ve heard me say that nobody dominates in my dungeon but me, She reminded me of the reason that I was not longer an active client.&nbsp; I had once speculated on how much fun it would be for me to dominate her &#8211; one of the major mistakes of my life. 

&nbsp; Tonight you will be in a dominant role. she continued. I have had extensive interviews with each of our stars and they have consented to have sex with you for the sake of Reese and what you did for her. Oral and vaginal sex is OK as your blood tests came back clear &#8211; that was one of the reasons we pierced your nipples to get blood for the test.&nbsp; Do you believe you can satisfy these women given what you saw the first night?

It didn&#8217;t take me long to realize she was perfectly correct &#8211; age and their superior physical condition clearly gave them more sexual energy then I had or maybe ever have had.&nbsp; Four to one was also a problem.

I shook my head no.

They are all switches and if you will follow my lead we can fully satisfy them.&nbsp; I will be present all of time.&nbsp; Their desires and limits have been made clear. Jennifer is a rare switch sadist &#8211; masochist.&nbsp; From what I know of you; it will not be possible for you to give her the level of pain that she will require.&nbsp; I, on the other hand, will completely enjoy the experience.

They are currently getting their physical conditioning.&nbsp; They&#8217;re all fitness nuts &#8211; you have to be to be in their business.&nbsp; The harness has a heart monitor and they are being driven to their correct heart rate for training and will be run for a time set by their real personnel trainers.&nbsp; When we first set up this week they wanted time off each day to go to the gym.&nbsp; I talked them into not breaking the mood and assured them they would get a workout.&nbsp; 

With that she re-boarded the cart shook my reins and away we went.&nbsp; We were back at the staging area where there was no one else around.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria converted me to slave again but removed my educational device.&nbsp; My hands were cuffed to the sides of my chastity belt and she attached leash that was passed to the nurse.&nbsp; I was cleaned and freshened and put down for a nap.&nbsp; When I woke I was again allowed the freedom of our wing.&nbsp; 


Chapter Harem

Jim

I was offered a light supper.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria unlocked my chastity belt and I was free of all restraint for the first time since I had arrived. 

If you dare touch yourself in the next half hour you are the biggest fool on the planet. She said.&nbsp; Here is what you must do. Select Reese first and tell me &#8216;the garden&#8217;.&nbsp; I will leave with her.&nbsp; When you are through, tell me that she was excellent and should be allowed to pleasure herself.&nbsp; There were other instructions given and I had my role and lines for the evening.

She directed me through a door where the butler was waiting.&nbsp; He stated it was one of the 1001 Arabian nights and dressed me as a Sultan.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria arrived dressed as the Mistress of the Harem.&nbsp; She had a turban, a wide belt with a whip.&nbsp; She even had the slippers with the curled up toes, a very Middle Eastern look.&nbsp; In her cleavage were four keys each on a thin gold chain. 

AmandaVictoria signaled me to follow and said, Your harem is ready.

The room was everybody&#8217;s dream of a harem, a soft breeze flowing through the curtain-made walls,&nbsp; lots of pillows and soft lighting.&nbsp; There were several major pillars of which four had chains holding my harem girls, the four stars.&nbsp; Each was dressed as a harem girl with long pants of very sheer material.&nbsp; A slightly more opaque layer covered their loins.&nbsp; Through it you could see that they were in their chastity belts.&nbsp; Chests were bare. Each had a cute little vale.

They had on gold bands at the neck, upper arms, wrists and ankles.&nbsp; Their gold chains kept their hands out of the way and forced them to project their breasts.&nbsp; Reese&nbsp; had on modest gold nipple rings that further transfixed your eye.&nbsp; That hard thing I had felt back on the boat must have been a flesh -colored nipple hole maintainer.&nbsp; 

Each was doing everything they could to project an image of take me I am HOT.&nbsp; Eyes batted and tongues passed over lips.&nbsp; Chests were thrust or shaken to cause breast to jiggle.&nbsp; I guess their chains limited hip thrusts but loins were also thrust forward from kneeling legs.

I walked by each touching anything that I chose.&nbsp; They were all soft and warm and each had a distinctive scent.&nbsp; I would have loved to do this all night but my erection was aching badly under my robes.

I turned to AmandaVictoria pointed at Reese and said, This one in the garden.

AmandaVictoria unfastened her neck chain and forced her to walk from the room by leading her on her chain.&nbsp; Some time later she returned, I am not sure how long as I continued to examine the others.&nbsp; 

Your slave is ready, oh great Sultan,  she said with a straight face.&nbsp; I knew that it was a difficult line for her.

Reese was out in the open under the moonlight.&nbsp; She was on a board that had her almost standing.&nbsp; He hands were above her head and her ankles chained to the ground.&nbsp; Her chastity belt was gone.&nbsp; The board curved outward so that her hips were projected forward and her legs spread so that she was completely accessible. 

She had on a blindfold of soft satin and was searching the area for any sign of my approach.&nbsp; I touched her smooth hairless mound of pleasure and found that she was slick with pre-sex juice. Even this slight touch brought a knowing hip movement as she sought any kind of stimulation for her hot loins.&nbsp; It was a scene that I would have loved to take in for hours but my own pressures forced a quick entry.&nbsp; I came very quickly and I don&#8217;t think&nbsp; she did.&nbsp; I left it in for several minutes enjoying her tightness and fragrance.&nbsp; 

I turned and AmandaVictoria appeared.&nbsp; 

This one has been most pleasing, please see that she is permitted self pleasure before her loins are re-secured.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria indicated a door and I found a bathroom with a shower.&nbsp; I had a quick one and then was re-dressed as the Sultan by the butler.

Back in the harem, Reese was whining with pleasure while using a rabbit.&nbsp; She was back at her column, neck chain in place but hands free and the others were watching her every move.&nbsp; 

When they saw me they focused on me with even more urgency trying to catch my eye.&nbsp; I made another circle of the three and found that Jennifer truly did not seem as eager as the others.&nbsp; 

This one does not seem as eager as she should, hang her so that she may be punished and learn that she is the property of the Sultan, this in a commanding voice as I played my role for the evening.

Her nipples popped up as AmandaVictoria led her away. 

I used the time while AmandaVictoria took her out to tease the other two by sitting between them stroking a breast from each and telling them that they would remain in their chastity belts for a two days before they could be brought back to the Sultan.

AmandaVictoria summoned me and I found Jennifer in the dungeon.&nbsp; She was blindfolded and&nbsp; hanging nude by her ankles with feet well spread.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria handed me a crop and indicated that I should whip her pussy. I did and built the intensity up until AmandaVictoria indicated that it was hard enough and I should continue.&nbsp; She was quiet but after awhile began to moan.&nbsp; Her whole pussy swelled up.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had me stop and carefully spread her lips to expose a very swollen clit.&nbsp; She indicated that I should snap this with my finger.&nbsp; I did this several times and the moans became soft shrieks.&nbsp; 

After several minutes AmandaVictoria forced her mouth to accept an O-ring gag. She then indicated that I should use her.&nbsp; My cock went in her mouth and her pussy was at my lips. She was not using her tongue.&nbsp; 

The slave needs to use her tongue, I told AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria delivered a hard blow with a cat across her back and the tongue went to work.&nbsp; I grabbed her clit with my lips and sucked hard.&nbsp; We both came quickly and it was then that I realized that AmandaVictoria had continued to use the whip.

Stepping back I delivered my last line of the night, She still needs to be more obedient &#8211; see that she services the other two tonight.

AmandaVictoria came forward with an evil double dildo device that was easily inserted into the hanging, spread slave.&nbsp; She tested a remote and the slave jumped from the shocks to her personal areas.

She was lowered and the O-ring gag removed.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria took her neck chain and dragged her back to the harm room.&nbsp; She removed the harem pants from Tea and unlocked her chastity belt. 

Service her, she told Jennifer as she thrust her face toward the target.

No, she protested, I won&#8217;t touch a women.&nbsp; Not a smart thing to say to a mistress with a whip.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria used both the whip and the remote and soon Jennifer was at work.&nbsp; 
AmandaVictoria continued to encourage her.&nbsp; She tossed me a key and said to prepare Heather, but don&#8217;t let her cum.

I moved over to where a still very hot Heather was trying to attract attention.

I pulled off her trousers and showed her the key. 

Make any noise and I will lock you back up. I threatened as I dangled the key before her eyes.

It&#8217;s really fun to unlock and discover a waiting and eager pussy. I touched her all around her mound.&nbsp; I really enjoyed stroking her outer mound with its covering of fine blond hairs, just like kitten fur.&nbsp; Spreading her lips gave me a look at her swollen clit and the slick moisture she was generating.&nbsp; I rubbed her inner lips but didn&#8217;t touch her sex button.&nbsp; 
She tried to make me touch it by thrusting her hips.&nbsp; To punish her for this I left her cunt and returned to stroking her breasts.&nbsp; Playing with her nipples I thought how much fun it must be to pierce and leash a pair of tits.&nbsp; This reverie lasted until AmandaVictoria arrived with the suck slave.&nbsp; I played until Heather came.&nbsp; This one lasted about a minute.

AmandaVictoria indicated that I should follow her away from the Harem. 

Once we were out of sight, my time of being the sultan came to an abrupt end.

Strip and kneel, was her command.

It was back in collar, handcuffs, and upper arm bar with a simple cock chastity cage.&nbsp; She replaced my nose ring and attached a leash.&nbsp; I was handed over to a nurse.&nbsp; She led me back to the kennel after giving me a quick cleaning.&nbsp; The kennel was again my place of rest.

I found a small urinal, which I could use over the cock cage and went to sleep.


Chapter Harnessing

Jim

In the morning I whined and was given over to the nurse for what was now the usual morning routine.

You get a treat today, AmandaVictoria said and turned me over to Gretchen.&nbsp; I was free of all bondage save the cock cage.&nbsp; We walked back to the golf course area and found the twins nude in handcuffs and wearing collars.&nbsp; They were each positioned between two trees, and could not move.&nbsp; Only stand and wait for us, Gretchen said and then continued to explain in English with a strong German accent, that we were going to bring them into harness.

A pile of leather was located on a table near each.&nbsp; Gretchen took the body piece and proceeded to place it around Spin&#8217;s waist. The names were on the headpieces.&nbsp; The body piece was of leather and was cinched tight using five straps.&nbsp; This left Spin with a narrow waist.&nbsp; Many straps dangled from the body piece.&nbsp; I went over and applied the body harness to Grin.&nbsp; Gretchen watched and made sure that I didn&#8217;t pinch; she also made sure that I pulled until the leather closed and Grin had an hourglass figure as well.

The lines connecting necks to trees were moved to body harness.&nbsp; Posture collars were applied and both ponies stood with raised chins.&nbsp; The headpiece was more like a discipline helmet as it covered the whole head. We prepared the ponies by putting in earplugs and applied breath-right strips to aid good breathing.&nbsp; The helmets had a hole in the back and the ponytail hair of each was pulled through these. There was a set of eye coverings on a special strap with darkened lens.&nbsp; This we closed limiting the vision of the ponies. Each pony&#8217;s mouth was uncovered. There were also many straps hanging from the helmet.&nbsp; The restraining lines were move up to the head.

Next came footwear.&nbsp; Gretchen grabbed the leg and forced the pony to raise and bend back the foot much as one does when cleaning a horse&#8217;s hoof.&nbsp; The pony boot is pulled on and the foot let down.&nbsp; She applied the second before the lacing as the height difference of shod and unshod is considerable.&nbsp; These were fetish boots with high heels and a hard front sole designed to look good and make a clopping sound on a hard surface. They are laced on and reach just above ankle height. 

Gretchen next asked me how I would like to drive the ponies today and offered several possibilities. She said that I would need both control and punishment devices. Her explanation of the possibilities gave me a powerful and painful erection and I was wondering if it was possible to burst my cock cage.&nbsp; The pain eventually overcame the power of my libido.&nbsp; It&#8217;s hard to believe some of the control-punishment schemes that she outlined, and it was further hard to believe that the ponies would enjoy it.&nbsp; She assured me that Grin and Spin had designed each and enjoyed their use.&nbsp; We decided on head/bit control and breast punishment.&nbsp; 

With this decision it was time to complete the basic harnessing.&nbsp; A strap came down the butt crack and split between the legs to rise on either side of the pussy and be connected to the body harness.&nbsp; Shoulder straps went on and the first piece of the&nbsp; &#8216;bra&#8217;was put in place and buckled to the chest.&nbsp; Its special features were not put into play just yet.

Time for the bit.&nbsp; The pony was forced to present its tongue.&nbsp; A simple tongue piercing was replaced with a tongue loop.&nbsp; When installed it left a 3/8-inch diameter steel ring lying on top of the tongue.&nbsp; Through this ring a rod was passed and the bit ball &#8211; with modest spikes was threaded within the mouth.&nbsp; This was all placed in the mouth and the teeth protector was paced over the rod and between the teeth.&nbsp; Straps were used to make sure the pony was biting down on this and could not open and do anything to spit out the bit.&nbsp; A pivot pin was place through the rod at the outer end of the teeth tube.&nbsp; Rein arms and reins were fitted to the end of the rod. The pony can breath through the tube and movement of the reins effects the ponies tongue and mouth.&nbsp; The pivot pin prevents pulling on the reins from driving the ball back into the pony&#8217;s throat.

With the bit in place, a bearing rein was tightened from the back of the head to the top of the body harness further pushing up the head.

With the back of the body harness now complete, arms were placed in a single mitten that was laced and cinched to&nbsp; bring the elbows together.&nbsp; The arm binder was further buckled to the body harness forcing a forward thrust of the chest.

Next we turned our attention to installation of the punishment features of the &#8216;bra&#8217;.
The basic bra forced the base of each tit through an inch wide strap that somewhat constricted the base of the breast near the rib wall of the chest.&nbsp; You may remember that I commented on the very large size of the breasts of these twins.&nbsp; This allowed considerable breast flesh to project forward despite the arm binder that pulled back the shoulders and would have sharply reduced the projection of most women.

The main punishment feature of the &#8216;bra&#8217; was directed to the main swell of the breast.&nbsp; A cone shaped covering was placed over the swelling mounds and secured to the base strap.&nbsp; To each of these was connected a small rubber hose that was left to dangle near the reins.

Gretchen explained that we needed to gain control of the nipples.&nbsp; The twins are not pierced so this was going to be accomplished with binding.&nbsp; The nipples were pretty erect already as the ponies were enjoying the loss of control the harnessing had caused.&nbsp; We applied nipple suction cups and they got even firmer.&nbsp; Next Gretchen showed me how to load a band stretched with a special rubber ring that had a metal u-shaped shackle attached that I will call a stirrup.&nbsp; The nipple cup was removed and the band stretched and applied.&nbsp; When it was released the nipple now bulged out from the rubber ring that constricted its base and the metal stirrup was ready to be used for attachment. Gretchen tugged on the stirrup and it could be pulled quite hard with out releasing.&nbsp; It did cause a sharp inhale by the pony.&nbsp; I looked more closely at the ring and found a row of rubber teeth on the inside so its holding power was not by constriction alone. A rod was fitted to the center of the bra and it projected forward so that the line attached to the nipple stirrup would put a forward pull on the nipple.&nbsp; Gretchen explained that this would be adjusted manually and could be supplemented by nipple weights or bells. 

Gretchen stepped back and looked over each one.&nbsp; Spin stomped, spread her legs and peed.&nbsp; Grin followed a little later.&nbsp; 

I think they deserve a special treat, said Gretchen as she reloaded the band stretcher.

Kneeling she spread pussy lips and applied suction between the legs.&nbsp; Shortly both ponies had a stirrup ring attached to their clits.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s dress them for show, she said and began to insert plums, add bells and tuck in loose strap ends.&nbsp; Part of the decoration was a thin gold chain and lightweight small bell that now was hanging from each clit. 

Forming a team and hitching them to the cart came next.&nbsp; A wood bar was placed in a socket in Spin&#8217;s body harness and Grin was brought over and the other end was connected to her body harness making them into one.&nbsp; A similar bar at the neck supplemented this.&nbsp; They were backed up to the cart, a high two wheeled two-person sulky.&nbsp; Traces to allow pulling were attached to both hips of each pony and a bar with some kind of spring device was attached to the bar linking their hips.&nbsp; This was not for pulling but would allow the ponies to brake the cart.

Reins were taken back to the cart and those hoses from the bra were connected to a pair of foot pumps, one for each pony, located where the driver could use them.&nbsp; Gretchen and I took a final walk around and she invited me to put some initial tension on the nipple stretcher.&nbsp; We then boarded the cart and Gretchen gave me the reins and told me the basics of driving.

I&#8217;m not sure that I would have been able to walk if I was in the restrained position of Grin and Spin.&nbsp; Not only could they walk but they strutted in perfect synchronization.&nbsp; The boots made a great clopping sound on the cart path of the golf course. They were very sensitive to the reins as even a small movement caused them to turn.&nbsp; I had some difficulty keeping them on the path.&nbsp; We tried a trot and they were magnificent.&nbsp; Gretchen saw something she did not like and used the foot pump.&nbsp; It caused the ponies to lift their legs even higher.&nbsp; After a while she released the air in the line using a small valve.

She explained that the air expanded a bladder in the bra cone that forced rubber spikes down into the breast flesh.&nbsp; After driving at various speeds for about nine holes we were&nbsp; back at the starting point.&nbsp; Gretchen had me drive the ponies up to a gazebo.&nbsp; We got out of the cart and went around into the gazebo.&nbsp; The ponies were up against its rail.&nbsp; We could look down at their bound heads.&nbsp; She opened Grin&#8217;s eye covering and gave her time to blink at the light even though they were in the shade.&nbsp; She watched the eyes carefully as she increased tension on the nipple stretcher.&nbsp; When the eyes began to water she stopped.&nbsp; She indicated that I should adjust Spin in a similar way.&nbsp; 

We got back in and did some more driving.&nbsp; She did some pumping and the ponies were strutting along making a great clop, clop, clopping sound as those boots hit the cart path.
When we completed the second lap she had the ponies breast punishment bladders fully inflated. 

Now we give them a treat, she said in her accented English.

Going round in front she grasped the clit chain and tugged it with one hand while she cropped the punished breasts with stretched nipples with her other hand.&nbsp; It took less than 20 seconds of this for Grin to cum.&nbsp; Spin didn&#8217;t take any longer.&nbsp; We immediately released breast tension and pressure and released arms and bearing reins.&nbsp; Then we took every thing off. They had many pressure marks on their bodies and arms.&nbsp; Each breast looked like a waffle from the blunted spikes that had tormented them.&nbsp; The last thing to come off was the rubber rings.&nbsp; This was done with a special tool that stretched and cut the band.&nbsp; There was a sharp ouch or yelp as blood came back to these sensitive buds. Grin and Spin did this themselves, as it required careful work.&nbsp; Hans came by, exchanged that special look with Gretchen and they quickly left.&nbsp; Grin and Spin invited me to join them for a Jacuzzi.&nbsp; They relaxed in the hot bubbling water of the spa as it took away the stiffness and marks left by the pony gear.&nbsp; We returned to using real names.&nbsp; They told me how much they enjoyed the time in harness.

Gretchen is the best, they explained. Her time in harness lets her judge exactly how far she can push the harness, bit and punishment.&nbsp; I was excited for the first lap and really wet for the second.&nbsp; It was such a ball.&nbsp; They kind of joined in on the sentences.

You did ok when you adjusted the nipple stretcher, but I could see concern in your eyes.&nbsp; When Gretchen adjusts you can she the pleasure she is getting from her complete control over the pony slave.&nbsp; Explained Jody or Grin.

That&#8217;s exactly the way I feel when Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria torments me. I guess I just couldn&#8217;t believe that women as gorgeous as you would feel the same way, I said.&nbsp; They actually blushed.

June pulled her self out of the tub, sat on the side and spread her legs wide. The others said you were pretty good with your tongue, would you like to do us? she asked.

As an answer I went to work.

I had completed one each when AmandaVictoria arrived, laughed and said, I need to get him rested and ready for this evening.&nbsp; She indicated that I should allow myself to be hand cuffed and she then put in the nose ring and snapped on the leash.

I followed her back to the kennel for a short nap. 


Chapter Tea&#8217;s Toy

AmandaVictoria ended the nap and told me that I was to help give one of the stars her fantasy.&nbsp; She instructed me in my role and lines that I might need in several circumstances.&nbsp; I was taken to the dungeon playroom and bound securely. I was in a leather straight jacket and discipline helmet.&nbsp; I was bare from the waist down and there were cuffs connected by a short chain around my ankles.&nbsp; The discipline helmet had eye pads that were closed and an inflatable but breathe-through gag.&nbsp; This was inflated so that I could only make humming sounds.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria told me that I was chained to a beam overhead via a harness built into the straight jacket.&nbsp; To demonstrate this she knocked me over and I felt my weight being caught.&nbsp; I was able to get my feet under me and stand again. This means that you don&#8217;t spend any mental time worrying about falling and hurting yourself. As a final feature she lubricated and stretched my butt before inserting a large butt plug.&nbsp; It must have been one of the formed kind as I could not expel it by bearing down.

I heard the click of heels as she left.&nbsp; Soon there was the click of heels again.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t think it was AmandaVictoria, but the owner of the heels said nothing but began to use a whip on my butt and upper legs.&nbsp; Not for punishment, but not pain free.&nbsp; After a while she moved around in front and whipped my legs.&nbsp; I was loving the sense of mystery and control, Who was this?&nbsp; What will she do with me?&nbsp; I was getting hard.&nbsp; She forced something over the head of my swollen dick and there was tension on my cock as it was pulled and I could not follow.&nbsp; 

She then began to whip my stretched dick.&nbsp; Gently at first and as she got used to the idea with more force and more pain.&nbsp; The pain built to the point where my erection went away and she was whipping a stretched limp noodle.&nbsp; She paused and whispered in my ear,  How do you like being my prisoner?&nbsp; I can do anything I want with you and I have a lot of reasons to get even with men.&nbsp; You will pay the price for all of the sins of your sex.
It was Tea.&nbsp; She went on to tell me how she intended to torture me.&nbsp; She was going to pierce my dick and place her brand on the end of my cock and on the middle of my forehead.&nbsp; She was going to make me crawl along at her feet like a dog and she was going to fuck my ass hard and deep with a strap on.&nbsp; That brought life back to the noodle.

She lowered me to the floor and changed my bondage so that I could only crawl.&nbsp; I caught sight of her heels.&nbsp; Each heel was pierced at the middle with a steel ring that was waiting for some diabolical purpose.&nbsp; My nose ring was clipped to a short chain and the other end of this 18-inch piece was clipped to the ring on her heel.&nbsp; She walked and I had to follow.&nbsp; It was hard keeping up and every so often I would get a tug and pain.&nbsp; It focused all of my attention on those heels and let me know I was right down there with cigarette butts ready to be ground into the floor by my owner. 

She tired of this and I was rebound over a spanking bench with my butt well up in the air and legs spread.

There was a pause and she came around in front with a large strap on and told me to suck it.&nbsp; Things went on from there and I remembered my role for the evening.

Tea

It had been fun to humiliate him.&nbsp; Actually I was thinking of him as someone from my past that had used me in high school.&nbsp; I had a bad first experience with sex.&nbsp; It had been rape but I felt so powerless it went unreported and unpunished.&nbsp; It left me with lots of mental scars.&nbsp; I was going to rape my slave to see how it felt to be the power prick in a rape.

AmandaVictoria had helped me into a strap-on that was large and had some molded features that would stimulate me while I used it.&nbsp; It was attached and very well supported by a leather body piece that went around my waist and was firmly strapped to my body.&nbsp; I could deliver a lot of force with a hip thrust or full body movement.

AmandaVictoria removed his plug and I rammed mine home.&nbsp; He begged me to stop and I continued to give him a complete reaming. I watched while his body reacted to my thrusts.&nbsp; He wailed and pleaded, it made me work harder.&nbsp; It was giving me mild stimulation but I was not going to be able to get off from fucking him. 

I was going to get off but I wasn&#8217;t going to let my slave have any fun.&nbsp; I took the strap- on off and went around to the front.&nbsp; I lay down nude right in front of him and began to use a rabbit on my self.&nbsp; I told him all about the sensations and how good it felt and how he was never going to be able to use his prick on any woman again.&nbsp; I pleasured my self and told him how I was going to snip off his balls and burn a large hole in his cock so that I could weld a large ring in the end.&nbsp; This would be permanently chained to his neck so that he would have to pee all over himself for the rest of his life.&nbsp; With those pleasant thoughts I was able to satisfy myself and with my evening completed, I left.

Jim

It was easy to play the role of rape victim while she worked over my butt.&nbsp; I did enjoy watching her have fun with herself and her stories were fun.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria placed me in my traveling bondage and I was taken back to the kennel. 


Chapter Rubber Night

Jim

I was again cleaned and shaved by the nurse and returned to wait with my nose chained and standing in the middle of the kennel area.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria came in and removed the cock cage.&nbsp; This was replaced by two metal bands, one at the base of my balls and cock and the second around the base of my cock only.&nbsp; A butt plug went in and some wiring was connected between the two.&nbsp; She picked up the remote that would be my master for the evening and gave me a demonstration.&nbsp; Her control was total.

She directed me through the door and the butler greeted me with his cool, proper reserve and stated that the evening was &#8216;rubber night.&#8217;&nbsp; I got into full body suit that was skintight and took a long time to put on and fasten.&nbsp; Over it went a second layer, and I learned later of the possibilities of inflation.&nbsp; Mine was all black with maroon accents and piping
I was directed to the drawing room where only AmandaVictoria was present.&nbsp; She towered in a rubber tulip dress in red.&nbsp; The rubber clung to her shapely body and with her heels and up swept up hair she seemed a mile high.&nbsp; I guess it was the hair that made me look closely and it became evident that some of the great hair and makeup stylists that had come to support the stars had given much time to her appearance.&nbsp; She was ravishing, and untouchable, a true goddess.

Not knowing what to say to a goddess, I asked the question that had begun to bother me, Where are we? This is such a prefect spot.

She explained we were at a private home in Palm Springs.&nbsp; It had been built in the fifties by the Annenbergs including the private golf course all surrounded by a wall.&nbsp; It was not the first time it had been loaned by the owners for a special event.&nbsp; She went on to explain the room now in use by Reese was one that JFK had spent some time alone with Marilyn.&nbsp; Nobody believed that they just played cards.

The others came in about then and I was enjoying what rubber, in fantasy use, can do for a women. They were each in a different color and style.&nbsp; Reese was in yellow with tights that seem to grow out of her high heels.&nbsp; She had a very short skirt that let you see her sex and bottom through the translucent yellow.&nbsp; It was a corset waist and very form fitting at the chest, the words &#8216;painted on&#8217; were the only description that came to mind.&nbsp; Tea was in a bright blue dress of simple design but eye popping for its simplicity and ability to show off her curves.&nbsp; Jennifer was the devil in a red jump suit.&nbsp; Heather was in a green dress that seemed to match her green eyes and make them look about four times bigger than they really are.

It was a nice time.&nbsp; I learned that the girls had also had a chance to drive ponies but they had stallions that were given similar treatment to the twins. Jennifer and I had a long chat over dinner and you would never guess her underlying drives from her conversation.&nbsp; She was widely read, knew several sports including a great deal about sailing. We were really getting into each other and perhaps ignoring the others but they seemed to have lots to talk about without us.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria was describing some of her better sessions with rubber slaves.

Jennifer finally worked around too,&nbsp; Can you forgive me for my needs?&nbsp; I was surprised at her need for acceptance.&nbsp; But after thinking about how long it had taken me to accept my libido without feeling like I was a deviant I understood her need.&nbsp; I took a long time to explain the process that I had gone through and my acceptance and leading to full enjoyment and finally celebration of my real self.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is hard being in a closet for any aspect of your life.

During dinner I was also next to Tea.&nbsp; I got up the nerve to ask her about her piercing.&nbsp; She told me it was many years old and had been done as kind of a dare with a girl friend of hers. It felt good during sex and her partners had been captivated, some to the point of ignoring her.&nbsp; I told her that would seem to be impossible to me given her other assets.&nbsp; She also stated that she had occasional piercing fantasies and dreams of having her piercing used for bondage.&nbsp; She had never tired this for fear of tearing an essential part of herself.

After dinner AmandaVictoria led us back to a room featuring a table where many small items were displayed, most were of metal.&nbsp; She approached me with a hose and inflated several sections of my suit.&nbsp; I was suddenly unable to move my arms and a collar built up and rigidly held my head.&nbsp; 

She had each of the girls step into a pair of nickers and these were inflated so that they had no access to their sex. It was right about then that I began to recognize the small items on the table and the effect was instantaneous.&nbsp; The reaction of the girls let me know that comprehension was dawning on them as well. The table was covered with small specialized instruments of bondage and torture.&nbsp; Some were so complex that their function could not be determined.&nbsp; Many featured sharp teeth and rough edges.&nbsp; The demonstration and explanation of each by AmandaVictoria took two hours.&nbsp; We all gave rapt attention to every word and supporting video during the presentation. It sifted from one extreme view to another like a roller coast on the small hills at the end of the ride.&nbsp; 

((( I don&#8217;t understand these next few lines)))

Use it on me.

Let me use that one someone.

Back and forth and usually I could image both for each item.

There were gags including the expanding pear executed in modern materials and with various degrees of spikes. There were nose rings that were designed to punish with the slightest movement.&nbsp; Many worked in concert with multiple small pierced rings.&nbsp; One such set consisted of two L shaped pieces that sealed the mouth using lip rings and went up the nose where they were locked to the septum piercing.&nbsp; It was sometimes difficult to picture them in use, AmandaVictoria had video of each and every one applied.&nbsp; Many could be adjusted from comfortable to torture. There were multiple tongue devices, some held on by pressure, some by piercing.&nbsp; Beside the gag I mentioned, there were several that had spring-loaded features that were released once in the mouth of the victim.

In a similar fashion there were dildos and butt plugs that sent forth spikes and bumps and projections of all descriptions once inside making their removal impossible without the key for retraction.&nbsp; Of special interest to me were small items intended for insertion in the penis and then triggered to lock it in place. There were several things designed to capture and torment a clit.

Best, or worst depending on where I was on that mental roller coaster were the nipple piercing items. Some were rings with ridges.&nbsp; Some had locking pins attached to the point of the nipple and ensured that the ring stood up at all times and that any movement would be felt.&nbsp; There were sets of nipple shields or nipple thimbles that could further capture and torment these buds.&nbsp; There was also the nipple bar, a single rod that pierced both nipples and left the subject with a convenient place to be grabbed or chained.&nbsp; When it was over I am sure that we were all hot and sweaty under those rubber garments.

I followed AmandaVictoria back to the butler who went through the process of removal, which also takes a long time.&nbsp; I was given over to the nurse who was about to put me in a tub when AmandaVictoria appeared in a robe with my chastity belt.&nbsp; Once locked in, I was bathed and returned to the kennel for the usual bondage and bed.


Chapter&nbsp; Workouts

Jim

I was familiar with the morning routine and AmandaVictoria added my educational device and I was dressed in the leathers of a dungeon master and we went down to breakfast.&nbsp; The girls were in similar black leather with mean looking spikes. At breakfast AmandaVictoria told us that what we were about to do had the full consent of the subject and invited us to read her permissions and listen to her on video tape to ensure it was consensual.

After breakfast we went to the dungeon playroom where the Olympic swimmer was waiting in chains.&nbsp; She began to beg and plead but got no sympathy from AmandaVictoria who used her whip to force her to the bondage table where she was tightly bound.

You will tell us what we want to know or pay a price, she demanded with emphasis of the crop to a flat stomach.&nbsp; She did not comply and the torture began.&nbsp; We each got to pierce an important place, nipples and labia got the needle.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria pierced her nose and placed a ring there.&nbsp; None of her other piercing were ringed. She was very vocal with screams and pleadings but her nipples were hard and her wet slit gave proof to her enjoyment of the scene. 

It requires a great deal of force to pierce a nipple.&nbsp; We had very sharp thin needles and the area was carefully prepared with antiseptic.&nbsp; I am sure that it destroyed some of the illusion of torture, but Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria takes every reasonable precaution when playing.&nbsp; Her erect nipples were pinched with forceps that had a hole in the middle of the pads that grip the flesh.&nbsp; Through this hole the needle is pressed.&nbsp; I felt a surge of power as I gripped and claimed her nipple with my needle.&nbsp; With the needles left, there was almost no blood. Piercing her outer labia was much easier as it required less force to push the needle through.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria produced and showed the captive several torture rings with ridges and teeth that she threatened to permanently attach to her nipples and clit. It was effective as she moaned more, and broke her role as captive and begged to have them used.

The branding was harder.&nbsp; We used a small round iron heated quite hot. The contact area was a circle about 3/8 inch in diameter.&nbsp; It would leave a simple circle when healed.&nbsp; I have two such brands both given to me by Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria and I treasure both as they remind me every time I see them that I am forever her marked property.&nbsp; 

The captive got marked on the lower outside curve of each breast and on her mound just above her slit.&nbsp; I had always dreamed of having the control of another to a degree where I could mark them as my property.&nbsp; In actual fact it was very hard for me to mark and hurt her so directly.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria who was watching carefully, removed several of her clit needles and quickly brought her to a climax by rubbing her clit and telling her viscous tales of torture to come.

But there was no more to come and with that done we left and she was freed and tended to by a nurse.&nbsp; Leaving the playroom Reese asked what was next and AmandaVictoria said workouts.&nbsp; Everyone seemed OK with this except Jennifer who had been really turned on by her ability to torture.&nbsp; She demanded that she be allowed sexual relief and AmandaVictoria withdrew her remote and Jennifer was soon on the floor begging for mercy.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t the only one with a chastity belt on.&nbsp; I looked and yes, AmandaVictoria had those gold chains with keys about her neck.

We continued on to the gym where AmandaVictoria had the girls strip to their chastity belts.&nbsp; They were each placed on a stepper machine and chained by the wrists to the machine.&nbsp; 

With hands secure, she unlocked and removed the educational device from their butts and took off the chastity shields but left the gold belts in place.&nbsp; I was handed two keys and did this for Jennifer and Tea. She handed me two chest straps that are part of a remote heart monitor and had me fasten them to Jennifer and Tea.&nbsp; I had to lift those big tits up to properly fit the sensors on the upper chest.&nbsp; 

Begin. she commanded and handed me a whip.

See that these two perform, she indicated a display where there were two heart rate readouts were displayed on digital monitors. Detailed instructions as to rate and duration for each were displayed.&nbsp; These included warm-up, several cycles of performance and a cool-down.&nbsp; They were already in motion and their heart rates were coming up nicely.

I sat back to enjoy the spectacle of their lean bodies in motion.&nbsp; Long muscular legs at work and the sight of their tight shapely butts working back and forth, no cellulite here.&nbsp; From the back you got an occasional glimpse of pussy as they stepped and you could see the swell of a breast as they swung from the motion of the exercise.&nbsp; I padded them in turn with the whip, a many-tailed flogger with padded tips. I knew from experience that it could be made to deliver a sharp sting.&nbsp; They both knew the workout routine by heart as they had probably done it nearly every day for years.&nbsp; It is difficult to judge your heart rate while moving so when they got into the strenuous portion of the work&nbsp; out I was able to use the whip to guide them.&nbsp; 

I began to threaten them with additional punishments such as nipple clamps and nose weights if they didn&#8217;t perform.&nbsp; I told Tea she would soon find a weight on her clit piercing if she wasn&#8217;t perfect.&nbsp; I demanded good posture, and complete extension for each step on the machine.&nbsp; Tea was quite good but Jennifer seemed to require a good deal of punishment.&nbsp; 

When they had cooled down on the steppers they were taken to a rowing machine where they were locked to the oars.&nbsp; An upper body workout began and I continued to encourage performance and threaten darker punishments. It was great fun standing over their sweating bodies, watching them pull hard on the oars and watching their breast as they moved back and forth and changed shape as the muscles beneath worked.&nbsp; I could easily put my self in the position of whip master on some exotic galley slave ship where all the slaves were gorgeous females like this. I enjoyed this reverie until it was time for them to move on.

We spent several hours and they all got a great workout.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria chained them up; putting on neck collars with attached wrist chains and marched them to a hot tub.&nbsp; It was my job to wash the loins of each slave and dry them so that their chastity belts could be re applied.&nbsp; This complete I was nose-ringed, hand cuffed and led away by a nurse.&nbsp; Back at the kennel I was stripped, fed and put in my cage for a nap.


Chapter Jennifer&#8217;s Toy

Jim

Late in the afternoon AmandaVictoria brought me out of a nice dream with the educational device. 
I was cleaned in and out and led down to the dungeon where I was prepared for serious torture.&nbsp; Multiple devices were applied and I was left hanging by chains in the middle of the room with feet barely on the ground.&nbsp; I was gagged with one of the pony control bits and a mouth ball with fairly sharp points.&nbsp; My nose ring had a chain.&nbsp; My cock was back in the very demanding cock harness of the first night complete with embedded shaft that went all the way into my prostrate.&nbsp; The butt plug was in place and the wiring complete.&nbsp; My nipple clamps had a connecting chain with leash chain attached to a middle ring.&nbsp; My hands were in long bondage mittens that were strapped to my arms at several locations and I was hanging by the d-rings in the tips. I had some weight on the floor but I would have liked less as AmandaVictoria had locked ankle high ballet boots to my feet so that most of the weight was on my toes. 

Have fun she called over her shoulder and left me alone.&nbsp; 

Shortly there was a new echo of high heels on the stone floor and soon my tormentor for the evening appeared.&nbsp; It was Jennifer, dressed in a fashion that can only be described as bitch goddesses of the Gestapo, mainly black leather in a fairly military cut.&nbsp; It had a black uniform hat, black leather uniform coat with insignia.&nbsp; This was over a low cut blouse that was showing plenty of cleavage.&nbsp; Next came a short black leather skirt.&nbsp; By the way all of the leather was very shinny, as though it had been spit shined.&nbsp; Shiny black boots completed the look, knee high with bright steel spurs, pointed steel toes and, of course, shiny pencil steel heels. Her hair was up in makeup that made her look fierce. Her first words made me even more afraid.

I&#8217;ve been planning all afternoon for how I was going to get even for this morning, Jennifer sneered as she grabbed a nipple chain.

She wasn&#8217;t kidding.&nbsp; I kept hoping that Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria would appear and control things but I was apparently alone in her hands. She had lots of fun using me as a test for whips. She took turns with two kinds and I had to decide which had been most brutal after a stroke from each. She used all of the items that were attached to me and hung weights connected one thing to another and enjoyed the remote shocker.&nbsp; I was forced to try to walk in the punishment boots. 

It may be hard to believe but the whole process turned me on.&nbsp; I was able to enjoy the fact that I was a mere puppet, a plaything for this powerful woman.&nbsp; She was making all of the decisions.&nbsp; I enjoyed watching her decide my fate.&nbsp; What to punish, how hard.&nbsp; I felt my complete helplessness while watching all of this.&nbsp; She was also good at working with my mind, telling me what she was going to do or might do.

She took advantage of my erection by snapping the cock leash back and forth causing the internal plug to give me amazing pain for the length of my cock.&nbsp; Jennifer would do this while applying a light whip to my helpless member.


Jennifer wanted hard sex.&nbsp; I was lowered to the floor and my cock bondage adjusted so I was in the insertion device and base strapping.&nbsp; She took this all into her pussy.&nbsp; Here is my predicament &#8211; I am deeply in her with a painfully plugged cock.&nbsp; Her every move causes a pain for the full length of my member.&nbsp; She picked up the shocker and it still works giving me a powerful jolt in the cock and causing it to jump. This seems to be just what she needs to bring herself to climax.

It appears she is getting ready for another when AmandaVictoria appears and says enough.
I close my eyes and rest as things are removed from my body.


I was bound in the usual way for the evening and had no trouble getting to sleep and giving my tortured body a rest. I slept a long time. 


Chapter Heather&#8217;s Toy

Jim

The next morning, after the usual morning routine, found me back in my chastity belt with the educational device ready for use. I was dressed casually and was directed to where everyone was having an informal breakfast near the pool.&nbsp; The time was about half over but I could not imagine anything that could be in my future that could top my recent past. I just wanted to hit a time warp and repeat these past three days again and again.&nbsp; Jennifer looked very pleased and positively glowed.&nbsp; I asked Reese and Heather if they had a quiet evening and they said that they had &#8216;plenty of fun&#8217;.

Today&#8217;s exercise event was the Wheel.&nbsp; It was a horse trainer and it was used as such with bits and bondage. After a long time following the bit they changed it by placing in bars to which our hands were chained, like Conan in the first movie.&nbsp; I did not get to drive anyone and was whipped and shocked about like all of the others by AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; She seemed more a warrior princess in her outfit than Lucy Lawless had ever been as Zena.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 



We had a quiet lunch back near the pool and then I was led back to the kennel for a short nap.&nbsp; At two I woke up to my &#8216;alarm clock&#8217; which did not have a snooze feature.&nbsp; It was the remote in AmandaVictoria&#8217;s hand.&nbsp; Held securely by my nose ring, AmandaVictoria held the leash and led me back to the dungeon playroom.&nbsp; I was in a black, form fitting, rubber body suit.&nbsp; My arms were inside at my sides and once it was on I could not move them much.&nbsp;&nbsp; A single sock was rolled over both legs so that they were made as one.&nbsp; I was muzzled so that my mouth was covered but not gagged.&nbsp; A collar, with chain, was attached to my neck and I was attached to chain hanging from over head.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria left me a shapeless rubber object wafting in its fate.

My favorite sound, the click of high heels, told me that my owner of the evening was arriving.&nbsp; She showed me a real whip, a knotted many tailed flogger.&nbsp; This is the kind of whip used on sailing ships for punishment.&nbsp; This is the whip you would use to break a slave and to strike fear into your other slave properties.&nbsp; This was the whip of the inquisition. 
&nbsp; She stated her demands and gave me several demonstration lashes.&nbsp; Even with the rubber as protection my back was on fire.&nbsp; This was a whip that you would obey.

Heather

I wanted another vaginal orgasm.&nbsp; I had talked it over with Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria and we had agreed on how we would use Jim for my pleasure.&nbsp; I was using a real whip for the control rush and I wanted his best efforts.&nbsp; If he didn&#8217;t perform in a short time I was going to give him more of the whip and force him to try again and again until I got what I wanted.&nbsp; I slipped into the special rubber panties and relaxed while Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria fitted me in the slings and I was lifted off the floor.&nbsp; I was well supported and comfortable.&nbsp; The slave was also put in slings and lifted.&nbsp; 

Now the hard part.&nbsp; With the slave between my legs AmandaVictoria pulled the rubber helmet attached to my panties over his head.&nbsp; It was further secured with several thick straps and roller buckles.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria reached in and through his nose breathing holes inserted his nose ring and chain.&nbsp; I took the chain in one hand and had a single button in the other.&nbsp; Pushing it would let Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria know I wanted the whip used.

Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria

It was quite a sight.&nbsp; She was laying horizontal about seven feet off the floor and he was standing vertically, one foot off the floor.&nbsp; His head was right between her legs in a great position to use his tongue.&nbsp; Unknown to her I had slipped a small tongue vibrator on Jim&#8217;s tongue and the control wires for this came out a corner of his mouth and were available to me.&nbsp; They both were supported by my large springs so that they could bounce up and down as they floated free.&nbsp; 

Heather


The tongue owners command list was on a card over the slave&#8217;s head.&nbsp; We got started and I had him spend a long time on the outer areas of my pussy as I built up my mental images of pleasure.&nbsp; When we got to the real work I tried all of the commands and found that &#8216;buzz&#8217; was very satisfying.&nbsp;&nbsp; We were bouncing around on the springs and he stayed right with me and never missed a command.&nbsp;&nbsp; That inner itch seemed to build directly and I went right into a vaginal orgasm.&nbsp; It was great but things were over so quickly I felt a little cheated.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria came round and asked if I was OK.&nbsp; She gave me a drink and I rested.&nbsp; 
Talk about all dressed up and the dance over too soon.&nbsp; She asked Jim something and he responded by saying yes Mistress.&nbsp; Feeling his breath right there at my pussy made me tingle again and the commands began to flow. My second took a long time and was just an ordinary one, a girl can sure get spoiled in a hurry, but it lasted a long time.&nbsp; 

Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria got us unrigged.&nbsp; She never lets Jim have a moment&#8217;s freedom so he ended up naked and chained on the floor.&nbsp; I took the flogger and stood over his head staring down at him and he up at me. 

Jim

The slave view of Heather with a real whip is great.&nbsp; She asked if I would help her train someone as a tongue and I told her yes if she would do something for me.&nbsp; She agreed and put on her high heels.&nbsp; Using these she pinned each of my wrists and gave me one good lash on the chest.&nbsp; It left large red welts.&nbsp; Just what I needed to remember this moment.


Chapter&nbsp; Leather Night

Jim

As dinner neared I was washed by the nurse and turned over to the butler who announced that it was leather night. Over my chastity belt he fitted me with a gleaming black leather tuxedo. I was also fitted with a gold nose ring.

I arrived in the drawing room to find two curious statues in leather.&nbsp; It was actually the twins in full body corsets.&nbsp; They were laced from ankle to neck which showed off their tightly cinched waists along the way. The corsets ended at their chins, their faces free so they could talk.&nbsp; Their breasts were bare and their nipples had long diamond dangles matching those in their ears.&nbsp; It was difficult to look at their faces while we talked with such distracting devices at hands-reach.&nbsp; I am afraid I was staring and being quite rude.

They said it was fun to be so confined and liked the fact they were just objects for a while, fine art to be looked at and commented on like a bronze or marble piece.

The girls began to arrive and each had on an outfit that showed what leather could do for a female.

Heather filled to overflowing a red leather dress while Jennifer wore a short, white skirt and matching leather bra with high-heeled boots.&nbsp; Tea had on a tightly fitted black cat suit that was so sleek and hugging you wondered if it had been sewn on.&nbsp; Reese was in her signature pink leather suit with matching boots. AmandaVictoria was wearing a tailored leather suit by Gucci.

Tea

The cat suit was new and had specially-made concealed zippers.&nbsp; It was made to fit like a glove, a very tight glove.&nbsp; I had weighed myself at 2:00 PM and had to sweat off nearly a pound of water before giving the suit a try. Once it was on I could see every muscle and every curve of my body.&nbsp; The suit had a crotch piece that unfastened to allow bathroom trips without full removal.&nbsp; It also had a bra piece that would come off if I felt like flaunting my breasts.

Jim

We were served light drinks and sat down to a grand dinner.&nbsp; Jennifer asked if I was OK as she had worried that she had gone over the limit.&nbsp; I reminded her that I had not used the safe signal but it was very close. Yes, it was fun but we both expressed concern.&nbsp; I realized that if I ever were to be in such a position again I needed to be sure that a detached third party was present to keep things at reasonable limits.&nbsp; I hope Jennifer recognized this need as well.

Tea spent a great deal of time talking with AmandaVictoria.&nbsp; As we got up from the table she announced that she was ready to have &#8216;them&#8217; done and invited us all to watch.&nbsp; The &#8216;them&#8217; was quickly made clear as she removed the bra like cover and her terrific breasts with rampant nipples, projected proudly.

We all walked back to the playroom and AmandaVictoria directed us to one of the strange pieces of furniture that were located about the large room.&nbsp; Strange music with a rhythmic but foreign beat filled the air.&nbsp; I was asked to lie down and Tea was soon in place above me.&nbsp; Padded rests supported us both.&nbsp; Her crotch cover was off and her pussy was before my eyes.&nbsp; My head came out from between her legs and by looking up I had a great view of the bottoms of her breasts. 

 You are once again only a tongue owned by others, AmandaVictoria told me and I waited for commands.

She prepared Tea&#8217;s nipples for piercing.&nbsp; It was not going to be a simple piercing.&nbsp; A long rod appeared with a needle sharp point at each end.&nbsp; There was a ring in the middle and two half cylinder shaped cups facing outward on the rod on either side of the central ring. The cups were about nipple sized. The nipples were placed in vacuum cups and forceps with u shaped pads came into view.&nbsp; A nipple was removed from suction, the forceps applied and pierced in a quick flurry of actions.&nbsp; She let out a brief yelp.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria forced some of the rod through the nipple. She unscrewed the sharp tip, placed another half cylinder on the rod and screwed a larger end fitting in place.&nbsp; This complete she pierced the second nipple and finished the other end.&nbsp; I had been waiting for commands and wondered why I had no orders during this major trauma to ease the pain.

It turned out the trauma was yet to come.&nbsp; I realized that Tea had selected one of the torture nipple bars we had seen on the display evening.&nbsp; The two little half cylinders on each side of each nipple were covered with small spikes on the inside.

AmandaVictoria brought two in close to the left nipple and two bands went around them. They were small black cable ties.&nbsp; Pulling the ends brought the half thimbles into a firm and painful grasp.&nbsp; I was so transfixed by the site that I missed a command to begin and was punished for my tardiness.&nbsp; She was soon complete in a shinny and very controlling nipple bar. I was given commands and AmandaVictoria played with her new toy until Tea was fulfilled.

We were released and Tea&#8217;s&nbsp; hands were re-cuffed behind her back.&nbsp; We, each in turn, were invited to inspect and tug at the nipple bar.

Tea

I had been thinking about the bar since I had seen it on the table.&nbsp; I talked over many aspects of nipple piercing and finally came to the conclusion that this was the time and place to have them done.&nbsp; When the needle was ready I had second thoughts but they went away as I succumbed to the pleasure of the control I was passing to others in such a demanding and demeaning way.

Standing before them with my breasts so brazenly displayed and with such surrender, as the bar would ensure, made me sure of my decision.&nbsp; I could imagine the control that would flow over me from a leash attached to the central ring.

The others went on and I was turned over to a doctor for removal of the device and installation of maintenance studs while the healing went on.&nbsp; She told me it would be four to six weeks before I could use them for real play.

Jim

I thought that would be it for the evening but I soon learned that there was to be much more.&nbsp; Jennifer was stripped and lashed to what can only be described as a rape bench.&nbsp; She is flat on her back but support ends at her butt.&nbsp; Her legs are spread and tied down making it easy to walk up and use her presented pussy.

AmandaVictoria talks to me for a moment and I find that I come to a full erection. She knows all of my buttons. She attaches a mean looking clit stimulator to the base of my cock.&nbsp; It has hard rubber probes that will catch a most tender spot when I mount Jennifer.&nbsp; She also applies four stretchy cock rings with rubber spins that will rub her internally.&nbsp; This is coated with KY and I am told to mount her.&nbsp; It feels great and I am getting a power rush from the thought of this being payback for the pain she had given to me earlier.

Jennifer is watching but is gagged.&nbsp; Her eyes pop as AmandaVictoria approaches with a pair of piercing forceps. Jennifer had several orgasms during the next ten minutes as AmandaVictoria slowly pierced her nipples. The final treat was that AmandaVictoria passed me a hot iron and I got to brand her lower right breast with my cock deeply punishing her sex. No feeling of compassion this time just total control, it gave me a wonderful orgasm.

I am quickly led from the room and want to go back as I am having deep regret for actually using a branding iron on a helpless person.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria takes me to a mirror and shows me my brands. They have been hidden by a band-aid all week.&nbsp; When they are removed I am surprised to see that I have no mark at all.&nbsp; Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria explains it was a trick using a special covering that minimizes the actual burning of your skin.&nbsp; She also tells me that it is exactly what just happened to Jennifer.&nbsp; We both got the thrill of branding without the mark.&nbsp; At most there would be redness that might last a day or two.



Chapter&nbsp; Teamwork

Jim

I t had been another night in the kennel and another morning with the nurse.&nbsp; I was in a CB2000 chastity device and dressed in casual clothes.&nbsp; We all met for breakfast and were in kind of camper mode, just talking about life in general, and what today&#8217;s activities would be.&nbsp; Everybody had learned by now not to out-guess AmandaVictoria but we did bet on who would play dominant or submissive next.

It was workout first thing and I had my two naked slaves to condition, this time with a treadmill and exercise bike .&nbsp; I got to take them to the tub and shower for cleanup and AmandaVictoria even allowed me to put on their chastity belts.&nbsp; It was fun to stroke their inner thighs and pat their mounds to give them a little stimulation before locking away their pleasure buttons.&nbsp;&nbsp; AmandaVictoria took the keys and they went around her neck joining the key to my CB2000.

We had lunch together and it talked about anything but D&amp;S.

After lunch we were ordered to strip and apply sun block. We helped each other and soon we were ready for our chains.&nbsp; Metal collars went around necks and a chain was connected so we were in line.&nbsp; Hands were cuffed up high and in front so that we had no protection for our bodies. I was last and we marched off with AmandaVictoria giving the lead directions and correcting us with her crop.&nbsp; She was wearing an outfit the one might think of as lady lion tamer.&nbsp; She would come up behind you and give a command followed by a smack or two.&nbsp; It reminded you that you had no will of your own and could only do as she commanded.&nbsp; She also liked to whack legs, backs and occasionally breasts.

We went by a roundabout route to the golf area where the twins and the German&#8217;s were waiting.&nbsp; They took over and we were soon in pony gear.&nbsp; Everything was about the same as before except this time with blinkers so you had to look ahead.&nbsp; All chastity devices were removed and we were pretty bare. AmandaVictoria showed up in livery of bright red and with a long coach whip.&nbsp; She told us that today we were going to pull the Lady of the Manor in her favorite coach. 

We were hitched two by two with Reese as the single lead pony.&nbsp; A very handsome open coach was brought out.&nbsp; It was made of a gleaming wood and finished with bright brass fittings.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria boarded and grabbed the reins.&nbsp; I knew this because the ball in my mouth&nbsp; yanked its control.&nbsp; The whip snapped over our heads and we moved the coach.&nbsp; It was heavy and we really had to pull.&nbsp; We drove around to the front door of the mansion.&nbsp; 

There was a wait and then some voices and we got a short view of a very properly dressed woman who had to be in her late seventies.&nbsp; She was in a gray suit that reeked of money with a fine broad hat to protect her from the sun.&nbsp; She complemented AmandaVictoria on the team and harnessing and boarded the coach.&nbsp; You could hear her instructions to AmandaVictoria, 

Drive on, let&#8217;s circle the lake,&nbsp; Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria would then shake the reins and instruct us to move.&nbsp; We were marching in step and were corrected if we failed to be in step.&nbsp; For me it brought back memories of the Army.&nbsp; 

After a long ride, more than an hour, I was getting tired and the voice spoke the line from every Victorian novel.&nbsp; Home and don&#8217;t spare the horses.

AmandaVictoria didn&#8217;t and the whip no longer just snapped over our heads.&nbsp; Back at the front door we were breathing hard and trying to recover when the Lady walked by and gave commands.&nbsp; Breed these two, I think he would do better as a gelding and so on.&nbsp; It was given in such an offhand manner and with such authority that I thought it might be the next thing that occurred.&nbsp; I was unharnesed, washed, re-locked in the CB2000 and put down for a much-needed nap.&nbsp; I was not gelded.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Chapter Corset

Jim

The pre-dinner preparations were different.&nbsp; I was given over to the nurse who after cleaning did the dressing.&nbsp; My hands were cuffed to each end of a two-foot bar and the bar raised over my head.&nbsp; I was blindfolded so I did not get a look at the items applied but did get some ideas as I put all of my senses into high gear.

First was a corset that went from hips to upper chest.&nbsp; As it touched my skin I noted several colder areas including over each nipple.&nbsp; I was sure it was a corset as it was laced quite tightly.&nbsp; Something went around and firmly gripped my neck from shoulders to chin.&nbsp; This was made snug and I found that I had very little movement of my head.

My nurse then directed her efforts downward.&nbsp; A butt plug went in.&nbsp; Things were attached to my balls several places along my dick and something was inserted and fitted to the end. Something cold went on between my legs. I was then directed to step into leather shorts that were pulled up.&nbsp; A lot of lacing and tugging went on and then I could feel the tight fitting shorts from mid thigh to up over the bottom of the corset.&nbsp; Something happened at my lower back and then there were many small movements over the next several minutes.

My nurse told me it was testing time, and I should report what I felt.&nbsp; It was electrical stimulation and it came from many spots, each tested in turn.&nbsp; There were several areas that did not work and after more time they were functioning.

Now that I was wired, it was completion time.&nbsp; On each leg, I was placed in high- heeled boots.&nbsp; The boots were tall enough to meet the shorts and were laced on. Some attachment was made from boot top to shorts.&nbsp; One hand was released, put in a long leather glove that was laced to a tight fit.&nbsp; The hand was brought behind my back and fastened to the corset.&nbsp; When the other hand was bound the blindfold came off and I had a look in the mirror.&nbsp; I was covered from head to toe in burgundy leather.&nbsp; The heels were not too high and I could walk and stand comfortably. 

My nurse told me to walk to the drawing room.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria was there in a great black leather corset dress demonstrating her usual commanding presence.&nbsp; She went around to my back and there was the sound of Velcro. 
 
You are now my robot.&nbsp; You will follow the commands I give you and if you fail you will be punished.&nbsp; This kind of talk has always made me very horny and did so now. She gave me a list of commands that started with 1 short forward, 2 stop, 1 long left and 2 long right

Let&#8217;s give it a try, she chuckled.&nbsp; I felt a sharp sensation in my dick as the remote triggered a shock and I began to walk.&nbsp; Several commands followed and I soon made a mistake.&nbsp; That was level one &#8211; for punishment we will try level two and the pain became more intense. Soon I got better at following her commands.&nbsp; She gave me a taste of level three and finally level four which caused a brief spasm.&nbsp; She also demonstrated that she could shock each ball and my butt plug and many others areas of my body.&nbsp; She went on teaching me commands. 

AmandaVictoria

One of the side benefits of being a Mistress is that submissiveness is not related to intelligence.&nbsp; Some of my clients are highly skilled in technical areas.&nbsp; These skills are applied to D&amp; S and are motivated by two factors:&nbsp;&nbsp; My slaves are devoted to pleasing me, and they are in search of new ways to exercise their own fantasies. The innovations can be spectacular.&nbsp; 

Jim was wearing electronics that were the product of one of my slaves.&nbsp; It has an infrared remote, like a TV, so many commands are possible and programmable.&nbsp; His corset has sensors on each side so I can hit him from any direction.&nbsp; The control package on his back can accommodate anything from shock this sensor to shock this series of sensors using a song to control the pace and rhythm.&nbsp; I was about to play Bolero using his whole body.

Jim

I didn&#8217;t recognize it as a song at first just a rapidly changing pattern of stimulation.&nbsp; After the repetition took hold I knew what it was and it began to build just like the music.&nbsp; I got lost in the feelings and missed the entrance of the others.

Tea
I got to the room but it had taken awhile in the high heels and &#8216;skirt&#8217; that was tight to the knee.&nbsp; Jim was going through some kind of twitching sequence and AmandaVictoria was holding a remote and watching him with a contented look.&nbsp; My costume was one that had been closest to my personal desires.&nbsp; I have owned several bondage corsets but none with the custom fit and features of the one that I was now wearing.&nbsp; It was dark green leather with white piping and laces.&nbsp; It was basically a corset dress that went from knee to neck.&nbsp; I had been cinched in and was tightly held erect.&nbsp; Highlights for me were my bare ass that was forced by the tight lacing to jut rear ward. Also visible at my butt was a strap that went down my crack and pulled a leather covering tightly over my hidden sex.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had done something down there before she let me dress and I was aware that there was something in or near my pussy but I knew not what.&nbsp; It was not uncomfortable or stimulating.&nbsp; Long white gloves with green bracelets completed the look.&nbsp; The bracelets had rings and there were to matching rings at my waist so that I could be restrained.

My breasts were bare and forced to project forward by the tightness of the upper leather.&nbsp; I was wearing a nipple bar with thimbles over each nipple but no internal spines on the thimbles. The dangles at each nipple matched earrings and I was quite a sight.

Jennifer

I had fashioned my corset outfit after a bazaar creature you can see in the movie Barbarella.&nbsp; These fierce looking leather covered figures featured one arm that no longer had a hand just an arm that became a whip.&nbsp; With that basic idea I created as threatening&nbsp; piece of gear as I could manage.&nbsp; It was basically a black leather cat suit with a corseted waist.&nbsp; It seemed like it was one piece from high heels to head helmet.&nbsp; I had a mouth hole and my eyes peered from behind built in dark lens.&nbsp; I was hidden.&nbsp; I had long sharp polished metal spikes projecting from many points including large ones from my breasts. My hug would be deadly.&nbsp; 

My left hand without the whip was in a glove covered on the palm with spikes, a vampire glove.&nbsp; 
There was a whip, about six feet long, attached to the glove on my left hand and with little practice it produced a satisfying crack.&nbsp; Bring on the slaves!&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had applied something to my sex before this was all put on.

Heather 

For my corset I had selected gold and steel.&nbsp; This was inspired by the wife of a Toronto software CEO who had a custom gold chest piece molded after her body complete with diamond nipple and gold chain with thumb ring.&nbsp; It had started as a costume for a movie and the basic modeling and casting was done when the picture was put on hold.&nbsp; I bought the piece from the producer and had it completed.&nbsp; It&#8217;s a steel corset that is gold plated.&nbsp; It is about 6 inches in height and nips my waist down to very small dimensions.&nbsp; I am proud that my body still fits.&nbsp; It has a complex ratcheting closure that must be done slowly and carefully or it pinches.&nbsp; Once closed it is reasonably comfortable but doesn&#8217;t let a girl take a very deep breath.&nbsp; There is a matching crotch piece that is hinged mental and makes an excellent chastity belt.&nbsp; Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria placed something under it during dressing.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t wait to find out what it will do to me.

I am in a gold half bra that is metal and has been shaped exactly to support me. The high heels that go with this are gold with lots of ankle straps. I think that I radiate the power of a sexual and sensual women.

Reese 

I have gone for the breathless look of an extreme corset matched with the ultimate high heels, the ballet shoe, fetish style of course.&nbsp; The shoes have eight inch heels that cause the foot to point to a small pad much like a ballerina&#8217;s point.&nbsp; I have had some ballet but they are difficult to stand on.&nbsp; I am planning to sit a lot tonight&nbsp; My waist is down under 20 inches and I am all curves.&nbsp; This is covered by a dress in a heavy fabric that hides all of the transitions and makes me look more natural in the flow of my lines.&nbsp; The corset has a crotch strap to keep it in place and under this something firm is waiting between my pussy lips.&nbsp; 


AmandaVictoria

They are all wearing a feedback control system.&nbsp; When I activate it a specific action will give them a brief shot of pleasurable stimulation caused by vibration and electrical pulses.&nbsp; Tea has to shake her nipples, Jennifer to crack her whip, Heather has to dry hump her hips and Reese has to take two steps in those punishing shoes.&nbsp;&nbsp; I activate the system and it will take sometime for each to learn the action required to produce the pleasure effect.

Jim

The song has ended and I am left standing still for a moment.&nbsp; I notice that the girls have arrived in incredible outfits. They are each repeating a different motion and kind of staring off into space.&nbsp; It&#8217;s quite a sight.&nbsp; 

AmandaVictoria

I let them go until they are nearly ready to cum and then shut them off.&nbsp; It&#8217;s very frustrating and I am begged to let them go on.&nbsp; I have plans for them tomorrow so, not tonight.&nbsp; It&#8217;s tough to be a slave.





Chapter Auction

Jim

I had another quiet morning free in simple cock bondage and casual clothes.&nbsp; I was allowed out and encouraged to play golf.&nbsp; Heather was there also and we shared a cart.&nbsp; She is a very good golfer and beat me easily.&nbsp; We talked of many things and I learned some of the life of a celebrity and she learned about the joy of sailing.

After an informal lunch where we were all present it was back to the rooms for preparation for the next event.&nbsp; I was serviced and dressed in the uniform of a roman general.&nbsp; Just like the movies, with an elaborate leather chest piece and short skirt of leather strips and roman sandals that have gold work up the front of the leg.

I was led back into a stage area and seated there were Hans, Gretchen and the older women who I had met in the hall .&nbsp; She had been transformed, as she was exquisitely dressed in very tasteful afternoon clothing.&nbsp; She had perfect hair, and was fashion perfect with accessories like bag, belt, and gloves and large but understated jewelry.

AmandaVictoria came on stage with a whip and announced that the auction would begin shortly.&nbsp; We picked up a folder with our names on it and read our roles we would have for this act of our play.&nbsp; Comments to make, how much to bid, and whom we would buy.

Jennifer

We were nude and had been made up all over.&nbsp; Those of us who have done Playboy knew the routine and we thought that maybe some kind of photos would be taken.&nbsp; Our hair was down and as long and simply straight as possible.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria arrived with gold collars that were locked on our necks.&nbsp; Taking a lead, we followed her to a holding area.&nbsp; She left and then soon returned.&nbsp; She brought out a pair of thumb cuffs that were attached to Tea&#8217;s thumbs and then fastened behind the back of her neck so that she was standing with her hands seemingly clasped behind her neck and hidden by her hair.&nbsp; Leaving the three of us chained to a pillar, Tea was led away.

Tea

I was led out on to a stage and was looking into bright lights.&nbsp; There were people there and an announcer began. Afternoon slave auction, lot number one.&nbsp; While I was adjusting to that idea the announcer continued listing&nbsp; many personal descriptions ?&nbsp; ,&nbsp; Height, weight, sizes of everything, including the diameter of my breasts, the thickness of my nipples, the maximum depth of my pussy, and on and on.&nbsp; Next came a detailed description of my libido.&nbsp;&nbsp; The final section of my introduction was a description of possible slave positions that I might fill.&nbsp; My natural pride leaped forward and was struck down by such jobs as draft pony for plow work, milk cow, breeder and domestic servant.&nbsp; My conscious mind reacted to it all; my sexual self loved every second.

The bidding process began with demands that I turn and display every part of my anatomy.&nbsp; Measurements were challenged and retaken as proof.&nbsp; The bidding was spirited and I was purchased by a male voice that claimed I was good dairy stock.&nbsp; Once sold I was led to a holding area where my hands were released and I was chained where I could watch the next item up for bid.

Jennifer

AmandaVictoria came and I was fitted and led out.&nbsp; I had a similar auction experience to Tea.&nbsp; The description was long and the suggested uses were punishment slave, galley slave, and galley whip master.&nbsp; All of those were working on me and my female owner announced that she had purchased me for the galley, but left the role open.&nbsp; I spent the rest of the auction contemplating the joys of each role.

Reese

My auction was announced as a citizen of Rome and fine barbarian bitch newly captured in the wars with the Huns.&nbsp; I was forced of demonstrate how large a phallic I could take in my mouth and the length and dexterity of my tongue. I was purchased by General Maxisus Maximus and was very pleased with the way that AmandaVictoria had worked my fantasy into the week. 

Heather

I was last and had fun showing off my body for the bidders.&nbsp; I really camped it up.&nbsp; When I was sold I finally heard an older but dignified female voice say, Fit her as a bitch. I wasn&#8217;t sure what she meant but the meaning was clear after AmandaVictoria fitted me .&nbsp; I was in leather leg coverings that bent my calves back to my thighs with padded knees.&nbsp; Paw booties were put on my hands and a restraining system that went from hand to knees making sure I could not reach up too high with my hands.

My new owners arrived and clipped a leash to my collar.&nbsp; Bitch meant dog.&nbsp; Heel she said and I was crawling along at her side.&nbsp; Once in my first session with Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria I admitted to a dog fantasy, I was not currently sure I was happy with that admission.&nbsp; I was going to play the role so it was doggy barks, whines and pants if only for a while.&nbsp; 

As we moved along I got a little look at my owner.&nbsp; It was an older women but boy was she well dressed.&nbsp; Her handbag was over $10K and I recognized the shoes from a French custom designer.&nbsp; She had on some jewelry and I realized I was looking at the biggest opal broach I had ever seen. The hem of her skirt and the material were perfect and of a very fine mohair or something even better.&nbsp; It dawned on me that my owner probably could afford me and might have the power to see that I remained her slave.

We entered a large living room and she called, Maurice come see what I have purchased for you.&nbsp; So I was gong to be a plaything for her male friend.&nbsp; I was shocked when Maurice came towards me, went around behind and sniffed my cunt.&nbsp; You see Maurice was a beautifully and formally groomed full sized male poodle, white with those big puffs of hair.&nbsp; Maurice continued to sniff while my owner encouraged him with words of praise and directions.&nbsp; She wanted the dog to fuck me!&nbsp; Maurice to my relief did not seem inclined and came around front and was licking my face in a friendly way, welcome to doggy life.&nbsp; 

I was afraid of that, he&#8217;s getting old just like me.&nbsp; Oh well, I do have another use for you  she said while stroking her crotch with an alligator-skin gloved hand.&nbsp; Was I going to have to lick out this old woman?

Mrs. Annenberg

It had been such fun to work over Heather&#8217;s mind.&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had given me all of the keys and you could watch her reaction by skin color and tone.&nbsp; Maurice did like to use women and once a month I sent him out to a call girl who seemed to like the experience.&nbsp; 

I had something else in mind, however, for this lovely young body that was now mine.


Chapter Art

Heather

She released me from the leg bondage and I was invited to stand.&nbsp; She took off my booties and I was a naked slave in collar and chain leash standing in a beautifully furnished room next to an elegant woman.&nbsp; I was as self-conscious as it is possible to make a person.&nbsp; Well, at least I thought that was true.&nbsp; She walked off and I followed my leash. We walked on to another magnificent room , which had a bronze statue, the focal point of the room, on a pedestal.




Eve was created for Rodin's largest commission, The Gates of Hell. Never completed, these monumental doors (intended for a museum of decorative arts) occupied Rodin for more than the last three decades of his life, and they are the source for some of his best known sculptures, among them The Thinker and The Kiss. Eve was a popular subject at the end of the nineteenth century, generally interpreted as femme fatale: sensuous, erotically beautiful, and seductive. But this is not how Rodin treated her. His Eve is an embodiment of shame and contrition, as she half buries her head in her arms and twists away from our gaze. Far from displaying her physical charms to the (in the nineteenth century, primarily male) viewer, Eve is covering her breasts and clenching her legs &#8212; less out of embarrassment over her nakedness than in a spasm of guilt. The woman's deep psychological anguish is powerfully communicated in her tense, inward-folding pose, while the tortured, lumpy modeling of her heavy body mirrors the torture of the soul.

Claudia Einecke

I looked it over for several minutes as the strength of the light and the position of the figure were very powerful.&nbsp; Once you thought you had the meaning another came to mind.&nbsp; At last I thought I had it.&nbsp; Forgetting my role I ventured, She&#8217;s in the closet, afraid to show her real self to the world for fear of shame and judgement.

Mrs. Annenberg

What an intelligent young women, or maybe you have to live in the closet to sense the meaning.&nbsp; My husband and I had acquired the statue for that very reason and very few of our guests have ever known.&nbsp; Several that did were brought to tears by the emotion.&nbsp; I was interested to see that my slave was also crying.

Heather

She left me alone while I gathered myself.&nbsp; Then she spoke in a way that truly amazed me.&nbsp; I was to be a model, to play a role, to be mounted on a pedestal, I was to become the twin of eve.

We walked over to an area near the statue where there was a circle in the marble floor.&nbsp; She had me stand there and removed the collar.&nbsp; She stepped back and touched a button and the circle beneath me rose. When I had reached a height even with Eve the pedestal stopped.&nbsp; A large screen lowered from the ceiling and soon&nbsp; I was looking at a side-by-side image&nbsp; of myself and Eve.&nbsp; I went to work.&nbsp; 
When I had the basic position correct from the front the camera shifted and I could see a comparative side view.&nbsp; Next is was adjusted to the rear view, then the other side and then back to front.&nbsp; I was just able to peek out over my arms and see the screen.&nbsp; After several turns I had the physical posture but not the inner shame and guilt.&nbsp; 

I went to work on that thinking back to my shame as I used and hid my toys. I thought about my cover ups anytime someone made a crude &#8216;whips and chains&#8217; joke.&nbsp; I used my feelings of loneliness in not being able to share my passions.&nbsp; I paid special attention to that day at age fifteen when Mom had found some of my early written fantasies.

 It worked.

My curator told me that she thought I was ready and left the room.&nbsp; She returned with about twenty people who were holding wineglasses and talking amongst themselves.&nbsp; When they came into close proximity they all fell silent for a good while and then the comments began.&nbsp; Some were about pose and lighting, some about proportion and many about intimate parts of me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Being on a pedestal and listening to all this really did work on my guilt and shame.&nbsp; I peeked at the screen and I really was eve.&nbsp; Oh yes I was infinitely more self-conscious than I had been alone on my leash.

This did not last too long. In the back of the group, were a man and women who were in their seventies. They were quietly sobbing in each other&#8217;s arms.&nbsp; My owner told me that I could rest.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t sure that I wanted to rest for that would mean unclenching and not hiding anymore.&nbsp; It was a very hard choice.&nbsp; After thinking it through for a bit I had it  I realized that I need not rest but to come out

I slowly came out of the posture and assumed a more erect stance.&nbsp; I lowered my arms and no longer hid my breasts.&nbsp; I let my mind wonder to the people who had shared this week with me and the fun, joy actually, that we had shared.&nbsp; I moved my legs apart and slowly went from frightened nymph to powerful proud women not afraid of the gaze or comments of society.&nbsp; Everyone had stopped talking again and after a long pose there was applause.&nbsp; I think it is the finest work that I have ever done.

I wanted to hold onto the moment but you could see that recognition was dawning on several of the people there.&nbsp; They were about to speak, say my name, and force me to acknowledge my celebrity self.&nbsp; This was not a transition I wanted to make.

Mrs. Annenberg

What a moment it had been and what art.&nbsp; She had been superb as Eve and even better as she came forth.&nbsp; Many have tried before. Some after drinking to much and some as pure acting, but no one who was an admitted Switch.&nbsp; The week of major stimulation and validation with others of her kind; had given her the strength and personal insight that she needed.

The moment could not last.&nbsp; I made a mental note to pray that the high-speed recordings and pictures came out.&nbsp; I introduced my model and thanked her for a wonderful performance.&nbsp; There was more applause.&nbsp; Her stand was lowered and a maid gave her a robe and she left.&nbsp; My guests were eager with their complements.&nbsp; Many asked how I had managed to land such a famous star for the role.&nbsp; I told only one couple, the two that cried, the true story of buying her at auction.


Chapter Toys

AmandaVictoria

While the statue session had been going on I had released Tea and given her a treat, her own puppy boy on a leash.&nbsp; It was an old friend of hers that we had found and it was clear from the greetings that they were going to have lots of fun.&nbsp; I left Jennifer on her collar, put her in a blind fold and got her a treat.

She and the male super star had been quite an item for several months before they had separated.&nbsp; I will not explain the scheme we had used to lure him here and get him naked and in chains.&nbsp; I led him in blindfolded and chained him about six feet from Jennifer.&nbsp; I quickly removed both the blindfolds and stepped back.

Brad, what are you doing here?
Jennifer are you all right?
I fine, this is my thing
Your thing, its my thing too.
God, think of all the great sex we missed.
Think of all the great sex were going to have

At that point they forgot all about collars and chains and went for each other. They didn&#8217;t get far and I stepped in between.&nbsp; I explained that they were going to be freed but only after they had come to some agreement on ground rules and safe words.&nbsp; Brad had drives nearly the same level of intensity as Jennifer and real damage could be done in the heat of play.&nbsp; They began to talk amongst themselves and soon called me back with a sensible plan.&nbsp; I left them chained up and in heat over each other until Heather returned.

Heather came back glowing.&nbsp; She thanked Reese, Jim and I and said it had been one of the best afternoons of her life.&nbsp; She also got a puppy boy as a present and I let everybody go off and play.

Reese

So that&#8217;s what led up to my fantasy scene in the bedroom.&nbsp; Why this fantasy?&nbsp; I knew exactly where the idea had been planted in my brain.

My fantasy had orientated in an odd location, a book by Noble Prize winner Richard Feynman.&nbsp;&nbsp; I read &#8216;Surely Your Joking Mr. Feynman&#8217; by the Cal-Tech physicist at about age 13 as part of a great minds program at school.&nbsp; In this wide-ranging book he tells many tales including painting a picture for a massage parlor.&nbsp; The subject was a roman slave girl who is giving a massage to a roman official.&nbsp; He described the look on the bare breasted slave girls face as that of someone who is resigned to being used.&nbsp; My library copy of the book had a Polaroid of the painting and it went directly into my brain.&nbsp; Over time the image evolved to a bound slave girl giving oral service to a Roman General. 

The necklace is an O-ring gag.&nbsp; It holds your mouth open so you cannot resist or bite a penis forced into your mouth.&nbsp; I had worked out with AmandaVictoria a signal to let my General know when he was in far enough so that I wouldn&#8217;t choke. 

The blindfold was lowered and a big round smooth object entered my mouth.&nbsp; He was pushing in and it felt huge against my tongue.&nbsp; I gave the signal to stop and waited to be commanded to use my tongue. I concentrated on the total submission of the position and on the pleasure sensations that must be shooting through that thing I was going to be stroking with my tongue.&nbsp; I began.

It was fun to service him and to wait expectantly for the cum to shoot directly into the back of my throat.&nbsp; He tapped me to let me know it was on the way and with a deep breath I was able to swallow the load.&nbsp;&nbsp; AmandaVictoria had warned me that I might choke.

Jim

It had been great.&nbsp; She had swallowed it all and had not choked.&nbsp; I had been very worried about this but AmandaVictoria told me what to do including how to summon medical help in a hurry.&nbsp; I came out and removed the gag and left her alone for several minutes.&nbsp; 

She finally spoke and asked a favor, one that was very easy to grant.&nbsp; She sure tastes good. When it was over I helped her out of her bondage.&nbsp; It took awhile to stretch and massage her strained arms.

I asked her for a favor and she was pretty reluctant but finally did as I asked.&nbsp; She went to the closet and selected the brass heeled boot from the first night.&nbsp; She heated the heel&nbsp; over a candle and gave me a real brand on the upper right thigh.&nbsp; It is right next to the brand given me by Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.&nbsp; I will always treasure it as symbol of the week and her ownership of me.

Afterward we talked while in that spooning position I had used to warm her so many emotions ago.&nbsp; I thanked her for the week, and she thanked me for leading her to self-awareness.&nbsp; 

We slept late and went down to a quiet breakfast.&nbsp; There was a sign announcing that the wrap party was to be at noon and the dress was casual.


Chapter Wrap

AmandaVictoria

I took Diane to the wrap party, as he had been the nurse who serviced Jim.&nbsp; It was quite a group.&nbsp; Our five principles, the twins, the Olympian, Gretchen and Hans you already know.&nbsp; Mrs. Annenberg was playing the gracious host and was having fun introducing herself to those she had not met.&nbsp; Others were the maids, make up and hair people who had provided important support.&nbsp; The additions of the last day, Brad and the two puppy boys were there.&nbsp; A special person for me was the Doctor from Minneapolis. It was this woman who had first found and pulled the dominant lover of control and bondage out of a simple medical technician.&nbsp; I will always thank her for that insight and support as I started toward my true calling.&nbsp; Her medical support had also been important and reassuring given the intense level of play some of the scenes had risen too.&nbsp; 

Jennifer

Brad and I had a great night and expected many more.&nbsp; I will always wonder if our ships, having passed in the night, would have ever come back together without Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria.

Tea

What a ball, I never expected the week to be such a series of mind blowing events. I can&#8217;t wait for my nipples to heal and the fun to begin.

Reese

My hero was really thanked and I had learned a lot and knew way more about myself.&nbsp; My requirements for a life partner had changed.&nbsp; I wonder if Jim has any unmarried sons that have inherited their father&#8217;s kind of needs.

Heather

I am so hooked on oral sex.&nbsp; I got the Paul C panty and rubber shorts as a gift and wonder where I can find a trainable person who will wear it for me.&nbsp; The other big event was the screening. In the corner was sitting a very tired looking Fred Drake.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fred is about 26 and is the best film editor in Hollywood with two Oscars.&nbsp; He moved near to me as a big screen descended from the ceiling and took my hand.&nbsp; Mrs. Annenberg called for quiet and signaled for the show to begin.&nbsp; Projected in wonderful color was the Eve performance with music and a wonderful narration by a voice that sounded like Charlton Heston..&nbsp; All this was done overnight.&nbsp; Everybody cried. Fred had done amazing work and had at least 8 camera to work with.&nbsp; He shook and held me as we watched.&nbsp; Everyone commented on the eyes.&nbsp; One camera tracked only my eyes and when it starts you can see my pain and fear.&nbsp; The change from that to glaring defiance is gradual and spellbinding. When it was over Fred said that with more time it could be improved, a perfectionist.


Jim

I was asked to speak last and was happy to thank everyone.&nbsp; It took a long time and I was very emotional.&nbsp; These people had been special.&nbsp; I went on quite a while about Mistress AmandaMistress Victoria and her special meaning in my life.&nbsp; She had helped me in a small way to accomplish what Heather had done on that pedestal.

As a closing comment and as a joke I asked, Same time next year?&nbsp; No one laughed.
Mrs. Annenberg rose and told us that we were welcome back.&nbsp; She addressed AmandaVictoria and told her that she would be happy to cover expenses and challenged her to be creative and fresh next year &#8211; quite a challenge.

AmandaVictoria

It was over, and I had another year of creative planning ahead &#8211;what fun.

Jim

Well it was over but there was next fall to look forward to.&nbsp; In the mean time Reese, Jennifer and Brad, separately, had asked about sailing.

End

Postscript

Heather

Too many people had seen the performance of Eve for it to remain a secret.&nbsp; It got several awards at Cannes and may be seen at the Rodin Museums in Paris and Philadelphia.&nbsp; The credits reveal that it really was Charlton Heston doing the narration and I learned that he had been one of the live viewers.











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Reverie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





