BDSM Library - The Interns




The Interns
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tamala Barker, Attorney at Law, was a very successful business woman. After the breakup of a short marriage she became somewhat depressed. That is, until she met Dr. Mary Mercy, a medical doctor with a PhD in pyschiatry. They became lovers and partners and, more importantly, decided to embark on what came "naturally" to them in an alternate lifesyle. Together they sought to fulfill their highly charged sex lives by completely dominating "the interns". This is a continuing story from the viewpoint of those with a dominant personality as well as those with a submissive personality. Whatever your sexual orientation, be it "dominant" or "submissive," the author attempts to take you on a journey you won't soon forget.For adults only! If you cannot separate fantasy from reality this story is probably
  not for you. While the story is based on some &quot;life experiences,&quot; it
  also is embellished with fantasy. Enjoy!!!
 The Interns 
Chapter I&mdash;The Interview 
 
  Lynn
    Langley was on her way to her interview. She had waited for this day since
    January. It was now June, and the internship she had applied for at the beginning
    of the year was at hand. All she had to do was get through this interview.
    Lynn was a third year law student and she was anxious to put some of the
    things she had been studying the last 3 years into practice. She was a very
    beautiful 26 year old young lady. She had a beautiful athletic figure that
    she took pride in by going through her daily workouts. She was also engaged
    to a young man who was getting his law degree this year. So she thought to
    herself, she had everything in the world going for her. All she had to do
    was get through this interview, get this internship for which she would earn
    credits toward her last year in law school.   
  Lynn
    had been picked for this internship from out of 500 applicants. Out of the
    500, it had come down to the last 10 applicants and one of the 10 would be
    selected depending on the outcome of this interview. So she was excited as
    she rode the cab to the address she had been given. She was dressed in a
    dark business suit, with a white blouse that had little ruffles around the
    collar. The clothing she had selected really high-lighted her perfect complexion.
    She was also wearing her best patent leather high heels and that had the
    effect of showing off her beautiful legs. She was satisfied that her clothing
    accentuated her beauty and this gave her a lot of confidence.   
 Lynn was kind of surprised when
    her cab stopped at a building that looked more like a warehouse then a legal
    office. Somehow, she had expected something different.   
 &ldquo;Are you sure this is the
    right address,&rdquo; Lynn asked the cab driver.   
 &ldquo;Yes it is, 69 W street, ma&rsquo;am,&rdquo; answered
    the cab driver.   
 &ldquo;Well, just wait here for
    a moment until I check the name plate on the door please,&rdquo; Lynn said
    to the cab driver.   
 She got out of the cab, walked up
    to the name plate on the door. It read: &ldquo;Tamala Barker, Attorney at
    Law.&rdquo; Well, this is the right place alright, Lynn thought.   
 Lynn paid the cab driver and the
    cab pulled away. She took hold of her briefcase, walked up to the door and
    rang the bell. An intercom light came on and then a girl&rsquo;s voice: &ldquo;May
    I help you,&rdquo; the voice asked.   
 &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; Lynn answered. &ldquo;This
    is Lynn Langley. I am here for an interview concerning the internship.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Oh yes,&rdquo; replied the
    voice. &ldquo;You are expected. Please push the button on the right of the
    intercom. That will release the door lock and you can let yourself in. Please
    be sure to push the door tight behind you to make sure it is locked. Then
    walk straight down the hallway and it is the first door to the right.&rdquo;   
 Lynn did as she was instructed.
    She pushed the button, the door made a clicking sound as it released and
    she let herself in. Then she turned and pushed the door hard behind her to
    make sure it was locked. Now Lynn started down the long hallway. The hallway
    was very dimly lit and Lynn started to wonder if indeed she was in the right
    place. She thought somehow, this doesn&rsquo;t seem right. But this internship
    was a very much sought after position so she made up her mind that she wasn&rsquo;t
    going to be deterred. After what seemed like a 100 yard walk down the hallway
    which was lined on both sides with file cabinets, she saw the office on her
    right. The door was closed but there was a bright light on inside. She knocked
    and a girl&rsquo;s voice said: &ldquo;Come in, please.&rdquo;   
 Lynn opened the door and entered
    what looked like a small reception area. Behind the desk was a very attractive
    lady whose voice she soon recognized as the intercom girl. Lynn guessed she
    must be about 30 years old.   
 &ldquo;Hello, said the lady. &ldquo;My
    name is Ann. I am Ms. Barker&rsquo;s receptionist and personal secretary,&rdquo; then
    she paused and added &ldquo;among other things&rdquo; adding the last phase
    somewhat as an after thought. &ldquo;Ms. Barker has been expecting you. She
    has all of your paper work on her desk. Please have a seat and I will see
    if she is ready for you.&rdquo;   
 Lynn sat down. The first thing she
    noticed was that Ann was a blonde, bleached, she thought to herself. There
    is no way hair that color can be natural. She also noticed and marveled at
    the size of Ann&rsquo;s waist. It couldn&rsquo;t be more than 20 inches in
    diameter. Lynn&rsquo;s own waist measured 28 inches but Ann&rsquo;s must
    have been no more than 20 or 22 inches at the most. She also had a very nice
    figure and appeared to keep herself in very good shape. Just then Ann reappeared.   
 &ldquo;Ms. Barker will be ready
    for you soon,&rdquo; Ann said. &ldquo;Would you like a cup of coffee?&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Yes, black please,&rdquo; Lynn
    replied. &ldquo;I am a little nervous so a cup of coffee would be great.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;OK, I like my coffee black
    too&rdquo; again the same pause, adding, &ldquo;among other things,&rdquo; to
    her reply. Ann as she got up from her chair. She seemed to like adding &ldquo;among
    other things&rdquo; to her answers in a somewhat light-hearted manner, like
    she had some kind of secret Lynn thought.   
 As Ann walked over to the coffee
    pot area, Lynn also took notice of how high the heels on her shoes were.
    My God, Lynn thought to herself. How can she walk in those shoes! The heels
    must be at least 10 inches high. Lynn thought Ann appeared to be about five
    foot eight or nine inches tall so the heels on her shoes made her appear
    even taller. She had very nice breasts, about 36C Lynn surmised, that seem
    to bounce and sway as she walked. No doubt about it. She certainly doesn&rsquo;t
    wear a bra.   
 &ldquo;Here is your coffee Miss
    Langley,&rdquo; Ann said as she approached Lynn.   
 &ldquo;Thank you,&rdquo; replied
    Lynn. Lynn also took notice that Ann was wearing what appeared to be some
    kind of a sack dress without any kind of style to it. It was made of a sheer
    white cotton material that when in the correct light would almost appear
    transparent. It started at her neck like a turtle neck and ended up about
    four inches above her knees. She wore a very tight wide belt around her waist.
    Ann&rsquo;s breasts were large enough to make the part of the dress, from
    neck to the peak of her breasts slope out in a steep angle and then slope
    back in to her narrow waist. When she faced Lynn, her breasts jutted out
    prominently and Lynn could clearly see the outline of her nipples as they
    extended toward the sheer material of the dress. The dress also was high
    enough above the knees to show her very shapely legs to anyone who cared
    to observe them. &ldquo;She certainly didn&rsquo;t hide much&rdquo;, Lynn
    thought. The dress Ann was wearing also showed very clearly the outline of
    her ass as it swayed back and forth when she walked and it prompted Lynn
    to wonder if she was wearing panties since she couldn&rsquo;t see a panty
    outline and she was sure this type of dress would show just about anything
    that was underneath it. As Ann handed Lynn her coffee, Lynn also noticed
    that Ann had a thick silver bracelet on each wrist with the letters &ldquo;T.B.&rdquo; very
    prominently displayed in black letters on the bracelets. There were also
    two embroidered emblems on her chest, just above each breast with the initials &ldquo;T.B.&rdquo; again
    written in black. Just as Lynn was trying to figure out the initials, there
    was a voice on the intercom.   
 &ldquo;Send Miss Langley in now&rdquo; said
    the voice.   
 &ldquo;Yes Ma&rsquo;am,&rdquo; answered
    Ann.   
 &ldquo;Go ahead in Miss Langley,&rdquo; said
    Ann, &ldquo;and good luck with your interview&rdquo;.   
 Tamala Barker sat behind her luxurious
    large desk. She was excited just with the expectations of conducting this
    interview. She had been reviewing law student applicants since January. She
    looked down at the paperwork on her desk and started to review the summary
    outline on Miss Langley again. This was the end product of extensive questionnaires
    that Lynn had filled out when she applied for this internship and also an
    FBI extensive background check. &ldquo;Lynn Langley, age 26, third year law
    student, dark brown hair, brown eyes, breast size 34C, waist 28 inches, weight
    120 lbs.&rdquo; Through her mind&rsquo;s eye, Tamala was already thinking
    of the &ldquo;improvements&rdquo; she would have to make to satisfy herself
    when and if she acquired this newest acquisition. This was the part of finding
    a slave that she liked most. The hunt, the capture, and finally the acquisition.
    Tamala kept reading the summary: &ldquo;Applicants Family History&mdash;Mother
    died when she was 10 years old; father was killed in an auto accident; inherited
    a large trust fund set up by father; college was prepaid by trust fund.&rdquo; Tamala
    sat back in her chair thinking to herself. &ldquo;Looks like this little
    white bitch had it made all her life.&rdquo; Tamala was an African American
    female. She had to struggle all her life. She worked two jobs to put herself
    through law school and now, finally she was at the top of her game. She had
    an iron clad, long term contract with the U.S. Government to review all government
    contracts coming up for renewal. She was also in the process of buying the
    building they were in. This is where all the government contracts were stored
    and she was also paid a handsome fee for storing them. Tamala had married
    when she was 24 years old. The marriage lasted only 6 months and ended up
    in a divorce. She was pretty despondent at the time the marriage ended. That
    lasted until she met Dr. Mary Mercy. Dr. Mercy was a female African American
    medical doctor and also had a PhD in psychiatry. Tamala had met Dr. Mercy
    while she was going through this desponded stage of her life. Dr. Mercy took
    Tamala under her wing and it wasn&rsquo;t long before Dr. Mercy made Tamala
    realize that she was beautiful enough to have any thing she wanted. Soon
    after that they became not only best friends but lovers as well. As her office
    door was opening, she knew that would be Lynn Langley entering. She quickly
    flipped on the intercom and said: &ldquo;Ann, did Miss Langley have her coffee?&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Yes, she did, Ma&rsquo;am,&rdquo; came
    Ann&rsquo;s response.   
 &ldquo;Did you put the &lsquo;favor
    pellet&rsquo; in her coffee,&rdquo; Tamala asked.   
 &ldquo;Yes, Ma&rsquo;am, I put the
    favorite pellet as you instructed in her coffee,&rdquo; Ann&rsquo;s obediently
    answered.   
 &ldquo;Good girl whore. Now get
    back to work,&rdquo; she told her. With this last comment Tamala made sure
    to leave the intercom switch on so Ann would be a witness to the interview.   
 As Lynn opened the door to Ms. Barker&rsquo;s
    office the first thing she noticed was how large it was. The whole office
    seemed to have some kind of oak paneling and the smell of freshly polished
    wood was everywhere. She walked over to the front of an enormous desk and
    saw for the first time Ms. Barker sitting behind the desk. Ms. Barker&rsquo;s
    head was bent over reading some papers, and Lynn saw her jet black hair that
    came down just to her neck line. As Ms. Barker raised her head, Lynn was
    somewhat surprised to see that Ms. Barker was an African American. Not that
    Lynn was prejudiced or anything but it was just something, for some reason,
    she just hadn&rsquo;t expected.   
 &ldquo;Are you prepared for your
    interview,&rdquo; asked Ms. Barker.   
 &ldquo;Yes, I think I am,&rdquo; answered
    Lynn   
 &ldquo;Well there is a chair over
    in the corner. Go get it and bring it back here on the side of my desk,&rdquo; said
    Ms. Barker.   
 &ldquo;OK,&rdquo; answered Lynn   
 Lynn walked over to the corner but
    all she saw there was a very small chair. The chair was about the size you
    would find in a kindergarten class. Lynn kept kind of looking around when
    she heard Ms. Barker&rsquo;s voice again.   
 &ldquo;Do you have a problem,&rdquo; asked
    Ms. Barker.   
 &ldquo;Well,&rdquo; answered Lynn, &ldquo;there
    is only this small chair here.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Do you see any other chairs
    in this room other than the chair I am sitting in Miss Langley,&rdquo; came
    Ms. Barker voice.   
 &ldquo;Uh, no&hellip;&hellip;no
    I don&rsquo;t&rdquo; answered Lynn.   
 &ldquo;Well don&rsquo;t be so dumb.
    Pick up your chair and bring it here beside my desk,&rdquo; replied Ms. Barker, &ldquo;and
    be quick about it. I don&rsquo;t care very much for someone who can&rsquo;t
    follow orders.&rdquo;   
 Lynn was startled. &ldquo;My chair,
    is that what she said?, She expects me to sit in this little chair?&rdquo; No
    one had ever talked to her like that. Her first impulse was to leave right
    now. She just couldn&rsquo;t believe someone who she met for the very first
    time in the last few minutes would talk in that tone of voice to her. But
    the voice and the demanding manner in which it was delivered by Ms. Barker,
    beside the fact that she had wanted this internship so bad made her think
    again and she picked up the chair and brought it over to the desk. She put
    the little chair down in front of the desk and sat down. Lynn&rsquo;s knees
    were almost up to her chin the chair was so small. She had the feeling that
    her ass was hanging over the edges of the chair.   
 &ldquo;You don&rsquo;t seem to listen
    very good Miss Langley,&rdquo; said Ms. Barker. &ldquo;Or maybe there is
    something wrong with your hearing. I told you to bring the chair to the side
    of my desk, not in the front of my desk. I would strongly suggest that when
    I speak you listen very carefully. I dislike repeating myself. I find that
    a total waste of my valuable time.&rdquo;   
 Lynn was a little frightened at
    what appeared to her to be a demeaning tone of voice in which Ms. Barker
    was talking to her. But she picked up her small chair fighting back the urge
    to protest, brought it to the side of Ms. Barker&rsquo;s desk and sat down
    again. Now, for the first time she had a good look at Ms. Barker. My God,
    thought Lynn. She is certainly attractive. Her face was a bronze brown, she
    had high cheekbones that were rouged with a red blush that just seemed like
    a dim sunlight on her face. Her eyes were very large and the pupils very,
    very black in a liquid white background. They seem to look right through
    you. Her lips were beautiful, just prominent and red enough from the shade
    of lipstick she was wearing that you couldn&rsquo;t keep your eyes off of
    them. Every thing about her face seemed to be purposely sculptured to perfection.
    There was no smile and no other sign of friendliness. It was just a very
    stern appearance that was presented to Lynn. No wonder a person could be
    so easily intimidated by her mere presence, Lynn thought.   
 Ms. Barker got up out of her chair
    and right away Lynn took notice of her stature. She was at least 6 feet tall,
    kind of muscular but not in any way fat. She had on a loafer type of shoe
    so that certainly didn&rsquo;t add anything to her height. Starting from
    her ankles, her legs seemed to cascade upward into very muscular calves and
    even more muscular thighs. Her stomach was flat and her ample breasts jutted
    out from her chest. Ms. Barker, Lynn knew from her biography as the successful
    owner of this business, was 40 years old and Lynn thought, wore her age beautifully.
    With Lynn sitting in her little chair, Ms. Barker towered over her. Ms. Barker
    had on a tight powder blue skirt that was just about 2 inches above her knees
    and when she stood up, the outline of her upper legs and ass were clearing
    visible. She also had on a powder blue, very sheer blouse that did nothing
    to hide her very black bra. You could also easily see her bronze brown skin
    through her blouse.   
 Ms. Barker walked just in front
    of Lynn, close enough to let the hem of her skirt brush lightly against Lynn&rsquo;s
    face and then she slowly walked around Lynn in her small chair making sure
    that her skirt was always in contact with some part of Lynn at all times.
    She wanted Lynn to &ldquo;feel&rdquo; her presence at all times. &ldquo;So
    you want to serve an internship as my assistant, do you Miss. Langley?&rdquo; said
    Ms. Barker. &ldquo;You know, I am sure, that the compensation for this internship
    is $750 a week and that is a pretty good salary for a young lady in her third
    year of law school, don&rsquo;t you think so Miss Langley?&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Oh yes, I know,&rdquo; answered
    Lynn. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s why so many students apply.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Well we do very serious government
    legal work here. A great deal of the time our work is classified and that
    is why I must demand complete trustworthiness from my staff. All federal
    government contracts are stored here and it is my responsibility to review
    them and, if appropriate, give final approval for their renewal. Then, and
    only then, are they put into force. There is only Ann and myself here in
    this building. Depending on the outcome of this interview, we are contemplating
    adding a third person to my staff. Let me make it clear from the outset that
    I, personally, demand complete loyalty from anyone whom I grant an internship.
    The decision to grant an internship is mine and mine alone to make,&rdquo; continued
    Ms. Barker. &ldquo;Look at Ann. She came to me as an intern when she was
    22 years old and she is still with me. And why not, she has everything she
    needs right here.&rdquo;   
 As Ms. Barker spoke she continued
    to walk very slowly around Lynn, letting the material of her skirt brush
    ever so lightly on Lynn&rsquo;s long dark brown hair. She came to a stop
    right in front of Lynn&rsquo;s face. The very bottom of her skirt just touched
    Lynn&rsquo;s forehead affording her a good view of Tamala&rsquo;s legs. Immediately
    Lynn, for some reason, became frightened. The towering figure before her
    had a very strange effect on her. &ldquo;Maybe it was just because she had
    to sit on this small chair,&rdquo; she thought. Ms. Barker&rsquo;s knee and
    calf was just two inches from Lynn&rsquo;s face and Lynn&rsquo;s sense&rsquo;s
    were suddenly filled with the smell of her lightly perfumed skin. It was
    intoxicating and was having a strange effect on her. Ms. Barker picked up
    all of Lynn&rsquo;s paperwork from her desk but she remained in front of
    Lynn looking down at her.   
 &ldquo;First of all Miss Langley,&rdquo; Ms.
    Barker said, &ldquo;you seem to have a bad sense of manners. When you address
    me, you should remember that I am not a &ldquo;you&rdquo; or an &ldquo;it&rdquo; and
    I have a name. When I ask a question, I expect, repeat, expect it answered
    with respect. From this instant, if you have any intention of gaining this
    internship, you will always address me as Miss Tamala. Is that clear and
    understood?&rdquo;   
 Lynn was beginning to feel very
    uncomfortable. She felt like a little child looking up at Ms. Barker and
    she could feel herself beginning to tremble. &ldquo;Why was she feeling so
    nervous. She had always been so confident before,&rdquo; she thought. Yet
    the sound of Ms. Barker&rsquo;s demanding voice and the smell of her being
    so close was making it hard to rationalize.   
 &ldquo;I am very sorry . . . ah,
    Ms. Barker, I mean Miss Tamala. I certainly didn&rsquo;t mean any disrespect&rdquo;.   
 Miss Tamala turned toward her desk
    and pulled her very large chair over in front of Lynn. She crossed her legs
    and again she was only inches away from Lynn, sitting in the tiny chair.
    When Miss Tamala crossed her legs, her skirt rode up another 2 inches and
    Lynn could see how thick and muscular her thighs were. She was so close,
    the one foot that was crossed over her very well-formed leg, dangled right
    in front of Lynn. As she began to speak, Tamala let her foot sway back and
    forth, front to back, just stopping short of touching Lynn&rsquo;s nose.
    So far, thought Miss Tamala, this is going well. This little dumb bitch is
    beginning to respond to the effects of the &ldquo;favor pellet&rdquo; placed
    in her coffee. This so called &ldquo;favor pellet&rdquo; was actually a drug
    that Dr. Mary Mercy had invented. It was a &ldquo;beginning&rdquo; drug,
    used to relax a person&rsquo;s resistance and heightened their sense of smell
    and taste. It also increased one&rsquo;s sexual desires, a mild aphrodisiac.
    But it would only take effect if the person who ingested it was by nature
    somewhat submissive. Of course, the little chair was part of the &ldquo;hunt&rdquo; too.
    Tamala Barker knew from her many past experiences, if she was going to determine
    the nature of Lynn, the small chair was the way to go. This created a submissive
    and dominant atmosphere and she could determine from the outset if this bitch
    could be molded to her liking. Now, let&rsquo;s push the envelope a little
    further Tamala thought.   
 &ldquo;Most of the questions I have
    require just a yes or no answer. I had a complete background check done on
    you so I know more about you than you probably know about yourself. If I
    require any other type of answer I will tell you.&rdquo; Tamala&rsquo;s voice
    was firm, her facial expression very stern and she was looking straight into
    Lynn&rsquo;s eyes for a reaction. &ldquo;Do you understand?&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Ah&hellip;yes, yes . . .yes,
    Miss Tamala.&rdquo; Lynn was feeling very uneasy. She wanted to say something
    else but &hellip;.but that is not what Miss Tamala told her to do. For some
    reason, she just didn&rsquo;t feel like resisting. So she just lowered her
    head and left it right there.   
 &ldquo;Good&rdquo;, thought Miss
    Tamala. The bitch lowered her head. Her natural submissive personality is
    coming out. This little dumb bitch might not require as much work as her
    resume indicated. Let&rsquo;s see how she responds to smell. Tamala let her
    loafer slip off of her dangling foot and slipped her toes under Lynn&rsquo;s
    chin. Then she very slowly lifted Lynn&rsquo;s lowered head with her toes.   
 Lynn felt the toes under her chin
    as her head was lifted upward. Her nostrils were filled with another odor
    . . . the odor of feet. Miss Tamala&rsquo;s feet were bare. It was bare toes
    touching Lynn&rsquo;s chin and her skin seemed to tingle from the feeling
    of bare flesh. Lynn took a deep breath and the scent that Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    foot was giving off was beginning to have a very strange effect on her. She
    felt a deep sensation in her breasts . . . her nipples were becoming hard
    . . . why is this happening to me, she thought.   
 &ldquo;If I grant you this internship,
    are you prepared to immediately take up residence in this area?&rdquo; Now
    Miss Tamala spoke in a somewhat softer voice as her black eyes bore into
    Lynn&rsquo;s eyes again.   
 &ldquo;Yes, ah, Miss Tamala.&rdquo; Lynn
    wanted to add more to the answer but her brain told her she better not. Hadn&rsquo;t
    Miss Tamala just instructed her not to? For the second time in a few minutes
    Lynn kept her mouth shut.   
 Miss Tamala looked at the expression
    on Lynn&rsquo;s face. She knew Lynn was fighting the urge to answer with
    more then a &ldquo;yes&rdquo; or &ldquo;no&rdquo; to her questions. But she
    obeyed . . . she obeyed, and that was very important to Miss Tamala and it
    brought a smile to her face. Progress, she thought. I am bringing this dumb
    white bitch along just fine. Tamala took a minute to look more closely at
    this pretty white young girl sitting in her ridiculously small chair. She
    has nice hair, she thought, but I will have to change it to a length and
    color that I like. Nice figure too, but her waist needs to be narrowed. As
    she was &ldquo;evaluating&rdquo; Lynn she was getting ready to ask her another
    question. She took her foot from under Lynn&rsquo;s chin and very slowly
    lifted her foot higher until the ball of her foot was now resting on Lynn&rsquo;s
    chin with her big toe just resting on Lynn&rsquo;s lower lip.   
 &ldquo;Your background check indicates
    that you are engaged to be married. As you know, this internship is for three
    months. There will be only three of us in this office and it is imperative
    that our legal work be done in a timely manner. This could entail working
    on weekends and being away from family and friends for long periods of time.
    Does this pose a problem for you or your boyfriend?&rdquo; When Miss Tamala
    asked this question she put an emphasis on the word &ldquo;boyfriend.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;No . . . no . . . Miss Tamala
    . . . but, ah but,&rdquo; Lynn was struggling now to add something, something
    she felt she had to explain, yet her thought processes were telling her to
    follow instructions .   
 &ldquo;But what,&rdquo; Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    voice was harsh again, &ldquo;do you have something you do not understand
    about &lsquo;yes&rsquo; or &lsquo;no&rsquo; answers? Is there something your
    student brain does NOT understand about an order to answer yes or no?&rdquo; The
    smile was gone now and Tamala&rsquo;s voice rose to a strict level again,
    like a teacher giving a young kindergarten child her first speech lessons.
    As Miss Tamala was speaking, her big toe put a little more pressure on Lynn&rsquo;s
    lower lip.   
 Lynn was beside herself. She was
    being scolded like a small child. She felt embarrassed, like she was failing
    . . . failing at getting her precious internship, failing to make an impression
    on Miss Tamala. It became her innermost desire to please Miss Tamala. The
    corners of her eyes were beginning to mist up.   
 &ldquo;Yes . . . I mean no . . .
    I mean . . . I am sorry Miss Tamala. Yes, Miss Tamala ....&rdquo; Lynn couldn&rsquo;t
    even answer any more. It seemed like her brain had stopped functioning or
    she couldn&rsquo;t think fast enough . . . or something. She just hoped she
    answered correctly.   
 Miss Tamala was smiling again now
    at seeing Lynn stammering. After hours and hours of reading Lynn&rsquo;s
    background check, after hours of studying the pictures of the last ten applicants
    and reading their answers to the many questions they were asked on the mail-in
    questionnaires for this internship, she had finally settled on Lynn Langley.
    Her selection was coming to fruition. She was still in the &ldquo;hunt&rdquo; phase,
    but it was going just fine and this made her extremely happy and excited. &ldquo;Before
    she was through&rdquo;, she thought, &ldquo;this white bitch would be hers&rdquo;.
    She was becoming more and more confident now. She was getting an overpowering
    feeling in her loins and she could begin to feel the moisture build up between
    her legs. It always did when she was making an &ldquo;acquisition.&rdquo; Lynn&rsquo;s
    submissive tears were starting to drip from the corners of her eyes and run
    slowly down her face. &ldquo;NOW&rdquo;, Tamala&rsquo;s brain told her .
    . . &ldquo;NOW&rdquo; . . . let&rsquo;s see what this bitch is made of. She
    put her big toe right on Lynn&rsquo;s lips and began to push softly, then
    a little harder, and still a little harder.   
 &ldquo;OPEN.&rdquo; Lynn heard the
    voice high above her. Lynn&rsquo;s lips parted ever so slowly. Then Miss
    Tamala&rsquo;s big toe was completely in Lynn&rsquo;s mouth. &ldquo;Suck
    on my toe like it is a pacifier.&rdquo;   
 Without even thinking, if she was
    even capable of thinking at this juncture, Lynn closed her lips around that
    big toe. She brought her tongue into play and began to suck, suck just like
    she remembered babies sucking pacifiers.   
 &ldquo;Since in my judgment, and
    of course, my judgment is the only one that counts, you have not learned
    how to answer questions with a &lsquo;yes&rsquo; or &lsquo;no&rsquo; response;
    I have decided to find another use for your mouth.&rdquo;   
 Miss Tamala was smiling again as
    she looked down at this white bitch with her toe in her mouth. What a beautiful
    contrast between the dark color of her foot and the whiteness of this bitch&rsquo;s
    face. &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s see if you at least know how to use a pacifier&rdquo; she
    said as she left out a little giggle.   
 Lynn&rsquo;s brain told her not
    to fail this time. Now she just had to please Miss Tamala. This might be
    her last chance to make an impression on her. She doubled her efforts at
    sucking. She was running her tongue under the toe, around the toe and all
    the while she was squeezing her lips and unsqueezing her lips just as she
    thought a baby might use a pacifier. Besides, Miss Tamala&rsquo;s toe had
    a unique taste to it and it was making something stir inside of Lynn.   
 &ldquo;Now when I ask you a question
    you will shake your head up and down for a &lsquo;yes&rsquo; answer and back
    and forth for a &lsquo;no&rsquo; answer,&rdquo; Miss Tamala continued. &ldquo;Does
    your stupid brain understand that?&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Mmmm . . . mmmm&hellip;,&rdquo; came
    a little sound of Lynn&rsquo;s voice as she shook her head up and down for
    a &lsquo;yes&rsquo; answer.   
 Miss Tamala was pleased so far.
    It made her so happy and horny to see this little white thing sitting in
    her tiny chair, with her knees almost up to her chin and a bronze foot on
    her face and the big toe between those red lips. Now this was fun, she thought.
    This is what I live for. The wetness between Miss Tamala&rsquo;s thighs was
    increasing. She pushed a little harder on the four toes remaining outside
    of Lynn&rsquo;s mouth so that the toenails made a little indentation on Lynn&rsquo;s
    cheek and again sat back for a moment to admire the contrast of her bronze
    brown foot on the white skin. It was at this point that Miss Tamala decided
    to give Lynn an &lsquo;advanced test&rsquo; to see if she was worth keeping
    and spending the time to train the way she wanted her.   
 &ldquo;Open your mouth as wide as
    you can,&rdquo; Lynn heard the authoritative voice of Miss Tamala.   
 Without a second thought Lynn complied.
    Her whole body trembled at this order. Her right hand seemed to automatically
    descend to her own mound as she felt a new sensation between her legs. Her
    mouth opened and she stretched it obscenely as far open as she possibly could
    and the funny thing is she felt good about it. Oh yes, it felt evil . . .
    but good! Besides, she wanted Miss Tamala to be pleased with her   
 As soon as Lynn&rsquo;s mouth was
    open wide Miss Tamala pushed all of her toes inside of Lynn&rsquo;s mouth. &ldquo;Close
    your mouth now.&rdquo;   
 Again Lynn didn&rsquo;t hesitate.
    She closed her mouth which was somewhat difficult because her lips were totally
    stretched from side to side. As she ran her tongue back and forth across
    all the toes the taste in her mouth was musky and a little salty. But for
    some reason she felt a tingle of pleasure because she was doing as she was
    told, doing as she been instructed.   
 Miss Tamala let this go on for a
    while longer, moving the foot that was in Lynn&rsquo;s mouth from side to
    side, then up and down, totally enjoying her power over this white bitch.
    Every time she would move her foot up and down she would say &ldquo;yes.&rdquo; When
    she moved her foot from side to side, she would say &ldquo;no.&rdquo; It
    was as though she was teaching Lynn a new language, how she wanted her to
    speak. Without taking her foot out of Lynn&rsquo;s mouth she reached down
    and took Lynn&rsquo;s left hand which was free and placed it under her skirt,
    just high enough on her thigh where her crotch met the beginning of her thigh
    so that Lynn could feel the heat and moisture that was there and also the
    curly pubic hairs peeking out from underneath her panties and extending down
    on Miss Tamala&rsquo;s upper thigh.   
 Lynn was breathing heavier now.
    She had her eyes fixed on Miss Tamala&rsquo;s legs and was transfixed on
    her thighs. They were so powerful, Lynn thought to herself, and she had a
    sudden urge to touch Miss Tamala&rsquo;s pubic hairs. Her brain was working
    on a different level now, like for some reason she was reaching a sexual
    high by being obedient. She just slightly let her white fingers feel the
    coarseness of the hairs at the junction where the thighs begin to meet Miss
    Tamala&rsquo;s pussy. Now Lynn&rsquo;s pussy was really getting wet as she
    felt the excitement building up in her own body. The unmistakable &ldquo;woman&rdquo; scent
    coming from underneath Miss Tamala&rsquo;s skirt, of seeing herself twisting
    her fingers in and out of Miss Tamala&rsquo;s black pubic hairs that were
    just sticking out from underneath the panties, the white hand against black
    skin, the coarseness of the hairs, was all taking its toll on Lynn. She began
    to run the fingers of the hand she had placed on her own mound harder until
    she could feel her own pussy lips responding to her touch.   
 &ldquo;Open,&rdquo; came Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    voice and Lynn&rsquo;s mouth immediately opened. Miss Tamala slowly removed
    her foot from Lynn&rsquo;s mouth. She kept her foot just above Lynn&rsquo;s
    face.   
 &ldquo;Close,&rdquo; and Lynn responded
    by closing her mouth. Miss Tamala&rsquo;s toes were covered with saliva from
    Lynn&rsquo;s mouth. Without saying a word, she began to rub her toes on Lynn&rsquo;s
    forehead, then pushed her big toe softly on Lynn&rsquo;s eyes, first the
    left one and then the right one making her eye makeup streak somewhat. Her
    foot moved down until she rubbed first Lynn&rsquo;s right cheek, then her
    left cheek. Everywhere her foot went it left wet traces of Lynn&rsquo;s salvia
    until her face was soaked with her own spit.   
 All the while Lynn didn&rsquo;t
    move an inch. She felt as though she was floating somewhere. The feel of
    the bare wet foot on her face , the toes she had just had in her mouth, the
    toes her tongue had just sucked on. Something in her brain kept repeating
    over and over again . . . &ldquo;good, good . . . yes, yes . . . love, love
    . . . obedience, obedience.&rdquo;   
 Miss Tamala reached underneath her
    skirt, took Lynn&rsquo;s hand that had been so close to her pussy and led
    her fingers under her panties until Lynn&rsquo;s first two fingers were about
    a half inch into Miss Tamala&rsquo;s pussy. Miss Tamala moved Lynn&rsquo;s
    fingers around until she was satisfied that Lynn had a good feel of her pussy
    and its heat and wetness. When she was sure that she had coated Lynn&rsquo;s
    fingers abundantly with her pussy juices, she took Lynn&rsquo;s hand out
    from underneath her skirt but still held on to her hand. She put the foot
    that had been rubbing Lynn&rsquo;s face back on the floor and bend over so
    her own face was just about 5 inches from Lynn&rsquo;s face.   
 Now she led Lynn&rsquo;s own pussy
    juice soaked hand up to Lynn&rsquo;s face and rubbed the fingers on Lynn&rsquo;s
    lips. &ldquo;Taste bitch,&rdquo; she said to Lynn.   
 Lynn responded by tasting the juices
    offered to her. The taste was strong, musky and somewhat salty, all at the
    same time. But just the thought that she was actually tasting another woman&rsquo;s
    pussy juice for the first time in her life sent her emotions into high gear.
    Now her own pussy was aching for relief. She never felt this way, she thought.
    She looked right into Miss Tamala&rsquo;s eyes and saw the big smile on her
    face. &ldquo;Oh good&rdquo;, Lynn thought, she is finally pleasing Miss Tamala
    and this only added to her own excitement. &ldquo;Miss Talama is happy with
    her. Miss Tamala is happy with her&rdquo;, she kept thinking over and over
    again as she now hungrily lapped at the fingers.   
 Miss Tamala took her free hand and
    patted Lynn on the top of the head like you would pet a puppy for obeying. &ldquo;Good
    girl, good girl,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;I have a natural ability to judge
    character and I just knew I was right as far as you are concerned.&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;You will probably fit in
    here but you will need a lot of training,&rdquo; Miss Tamala continued speaking
    to Lynn in a matter of fact tone of voice. Now go out to Ann. She will give
    you further instructions. When you get to your room tonight, I want you to
    think very carefully about this interview today. I am granting you the internship
    on the condition that your orientation goes well tomorrow. If for some reason,
    you decide not to return tomorrow for orientation I will submit an excellent
    evaluation to your college, if, and only if, nothing that took place in this
    room is ever spoken of again. Otherwise I will be forced to submit a negative
    evaluation to your college and you will not be able to do anything about
    it because this interview was videotaped. Now get out here. I will expect
    to see you tomorrow for orientation. Do not disappoint me!&rdquo;   
 &ldquo;Yes Miss Tamala,&rdquo; Lynn
    said as she got up to leave. Miss Tamala smiled at Lynn&rsquo;s reply. Somehow
    she was confident she would return tomorrow. Then she could enter the &ldquo;capture&rdquo;&rsquo; phase.   
 As Lynn left Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    office and entered the reception area, Ann was all smiles. Of course, the
    intercom had been left on and all that events that took place in Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    office, Ann had been privy to. She quickly got up from her desk and greeted
    Lynn.   
 &ldquo;Oh, it&rsquo;s wonderful,
    just wonderful,&rdquo; Ann said to Lynn. &ldquo;Miss Tamala just told me
    you did great in your interview.&rdquo; Of course, Lynn had no way of knowing
    that Ann had been listening all the while.   
 &ldquo;Thank you Ann,&rdquo; Lynn
    said as she realized that her eye makeup had been ruined and her face was
    still wet with her own slobber. Her face began to redden with embarrassment
    when Ann came over to her, hugged her gently and kissed her on her lips.   
 &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t worry, we are
    like family here,&rdquo; Ann said. And then she added, &ldquo;among other
    things. Be here tomorrow at seven and I will go over some of Miss Tamala&rsquo;s
    rules for orientation.&rdquo;   
Chapter II  
 Pre-Orientation  
 When Lynn arrived back at her hotel
    room late that afternoon, she was still overwhelmed by the events that just
    took place at her interview. The first thing she did was remove her clothes
    and get in the shower. She didn't know it but the effects of the drug she
    had been given lingers for about 24 hours so her sexual senses were still
    at a high pitch but diminishing with the passing of time. The hot water felt
    good. She washed her hair, her face, her body and even opened her mouth,
    pointed her head up toward the shower head and let the water pour in as though
    she was trying to wash every bit of the taste of Miss Tamala out of her mind.
    But it wasn't working. She could still visualize Miss Tamala, hear her voice,
    and see how beautiful and strong she was, even now when she was alone in
    her room. The more she thought of Miss Tamala, the more she became aroused.
    She had left Miss Tamala's office still in a state of arousal so the wetness
    in her pussy was still there. The throbbing in her loins needed to be satisfied.
    She needed to have an orgasm and to get her sexual desires under control.
    Lynn let her hands drift down over her ample breasts, let her fingers touch
    her nipples and linger for a moment. Her nipples were still hard, harder
    than they have ever been she realized and wondered if they would ever return
    to normal again. But her own touch felt good on her nipples and she ran her
    hand down to her pussy. The thick brown pubic hair surrounding her pussy
    seemed to be even more sensitive, as if they were little electrical wires
    pulsating energy on their own. But when her fingers touched her pussy lips,
    the sensation made her whole body shutter. She was soaked with her own wetness,
    her juices were flowing abundantly. Never had Lynn felt this way, never!  
 She inserted her first finger into
    her pussy, then two fingers. She began moving her fingers in an inward and
    outward motion, first slowly and then faster and faster. She pinched her
    clit, rubbed it again and again until she felt a wave of emotion start at
    the top of her head and shoot rapidly downward, through her breasts and hard
    nipples, downward again through her stomach and finally reaching her pussy
    where her juices poured forth.  
 &ldquo;Ahhhh....ahhhh....oooohhh,&rdquo; her
    knees buckled as she bent over trying to catch her breath. Lynn was reaching
    an orgasm so intense, something she realized she had never felt before like
    this and all the while she had a mental picture of Miss Tamala in her mind,
    her face, the dark eyes that scared the hell out Lynn when they set their
    gaze on her. Miss Tamala's dark beauty and stern manner, the picture of her
    towering over her all contributed to bring Lynn to this electrifying climax.
    Lynn had sit completely down on the tile floor of the shower now and let
    the hot water pour over her as she came down from her sexual high and her
    breathing began to return to normal.  
 After Lynn finally got out of the
    shower and toweled herself dry, she sat on the edge of the bed. She was still
    somewhat light-headed, still in a state of release from her climax. She touched
    her nipples again and although they were softer now, they were still very
    sensitive. Lynn realized she was tired, so tired out from all that had transpired
    this day that she just felt the need to sleep. But she thought to herself,
    it was also a restful tired feeling, like something had clicked in her mind
    that brought her peace and now all she wanted was to reach the end of the
    day. Lynn fell asleep with a mental vision of Miss Tamala in her mind's eye.  
 Miss Tamala had Ann, or as she
    had renamed Ann long ago when she had achieved taking ownership of her, &ldquo;piglet&rdquo;,
    retrieve her car. This was part of piglet's duties at the end of each work
    day. When Miss Tamala was ready to call it a day, she would click on the
    intercom and say: &ldquo;piglet, get the car, I am ready to go home.&rdquo; Piglet
    would respectfully answer &ldquo;Yes Ma'am,&rdquo; and scurry out the door
    to the parking garage, drive the car around to the front entrance, run back
    to the office and prepare to close down for the evening. Piglet tried to
    time this task perfectly as Miss Tamala insisted she do. This part of her
    duties took exactly 15 minutes, including the time it took to get the office
    prepared for &ldquo;close down&rdquo; as this process was called. At the
    end of 15 minutes, piglet had better be standing in her &ldquo;service position&rdquo; which
    consisted of standing by the front office door leading to the hallway with
    her arms pressing against her sides, elbows tucked in and bent, so that her
    hands were pressed together between her breasts, and pointed upward just
    under her chin. She was also to have her mouth open. This gave piglet the
    appearance of praying for something while waiting for her Mistress, Miss
    Tamala.  
 Miss Tamala always checked her
    wrist watch when she ordered piglet to get the car, at the instant she left
    her office, and the instant she walked into the reception area. If, for any
    reason at all piglet was late, she received a &ldquo;demerit&rdquo; for each
    second she was passed the time Miss Tamala had allotted for this task. When
    she had accumulated enough demerits, determined by Miss Tamala's system of
    accounting, she would be punished. The punishment was, as all things were,
    solely at the discretion of Miss Tamala.  
 Today was no different. Piglet
    had to run real fast when the order came to &ldquo;get the car&rdquo; because
    it was raining very hard outside and she was getting really wet trying to
    get to the parking garage. The parking garage was 2 blocks away and she was
    not allowed to take an umbrella or raincoat or anything that would slow her
    down and keep her from staying within her allotted time to fulfill her duty.
    Miss Tamala enjoyed watching her piglet trying to stay on schedule. She purposely
    made it very difficult for piglet to accomplish this task because just watching,
    which she often did by looking out the window where she had a panoramic view
    of the street and garage area, got her very excited and make her wet between
    the legs watching the stupid white bitch breaking her ass trying to please
    her Mistress and to avoid punishment. It was even more fun in the winter
    when there was snow and ice on the ground.  
 Miss Tamada recalled one time when
    piglet slipped on the wet snow and ice, got soaked and wet and dirty from
    the ground and got back 5 minutes beyond her 15 minute allotted time with
    both knees scraped and bleeding. As Miss Tamala entered the reception area
    that time, she bust out laughing at her piglet standing in her service position,
    dirty, wet and bleeding. She then walked over to piglet and slapped her so
    hard across the face that piglet's head snapped from right to left and left
    Miss Tamala's hand stinging from the blow. &ldquo;You stupid brainless whore,
    you let a little snow and ice ruin my schedule. You don't get your reward.
    Go mark your demerits in the demerit book.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Yes Ma'am,&rdquo; came piglet's
    sniveling reply. As piglet went over to get the demerit book out of the top
    drawer and write the number of demerits she &ldquo;earned&rdquo; this day,
    she was trying to remember the last time she got a reward instead of a slap
    in the face. When piglet did get her &ldquo;close down&rdquo; task done in
    the allotted time, which wasn't very often, Miss Tamala would walk over to
    where her piglet stood in the service position, stand within a few inches
    of piglet's opened mouth, and work up a good amount of salvia in her own
    mouth by slowly moving her lips in a circular manner. Miss Tamala liked to
    prolong this a bit by taking her time so as to let piglet anticipate what
    was coming and, more importantly, the volume that was coming. Then Miss Tamala
    would put her beautiful red lips even closer and with a loud spitting sound,
    discharge her salvia into the piglet's mouth. Piglet remained in this position
    until she was told to swallow. This depended on the mood Miss Tamala was
    in. Sometimes the swallow order would come immediately and other times Miss
    Tamala would just let her piglet stand there with her spit filled mouth for
    a few minutes, especially if she had transferred a large volume of salvia
    to piglet's mouth. If Miss Tamala was in an especially sexy mood, she would
    order piglet to &ldquo;swish&rdquo; the large volume of spit around in her
    mouth so she could better appreciate the favor. Miss Tamala taught piglet
    that she should always consider this a &ldquo;reward&rdquo; when she fulfilled
    her duties successfully or otherwise made her Mistress happy because she
    was getting a rare opportunity to &ldquo;taste the very essence&rdquo; of
    her Mistress.  
 &ldquo;I'm ready to leave piglet,&rdquo; Miss
    Tamala said.  
 &ldquo;Yes Ma'am,&rdquo; came piglet's
    reply as she moved quickly to pick up Miss Tamala's briefcase, purse, and
    any thing else that Miss Tamala might be taking with her. Miss Tamala never
    carried anything when she was accompanied by one of her &ldquo;properties&rdquo;.
    As &ldquo;owner&rdquo; of these &ldquo;properties&rdquo; she was above these
    menial tasks. Of course piglet always opened and closed all doors for her
    Mistress. When they were finally in the car, piglet sat in the back seat
    and was careful not to let her back touch the seat. Miss Tamala had taught
    her that she was to sit erect and be very careful to keep her posture perfect
    when in the presence of her Mistress. Piglet then put on a pair of earphones
    that were always there for her and assume the service position. When she
    had the earphones on and the pre-recorded tape began to play, she was to
    keep her eyes closed so she could concentrate on her &ldquo;continuing education&rdquo; as
    Miss Tamala liked to call it.  
 This continuing education procedure
    was the brain child of Dr. Mary Mercy. Along with a program of drug therapy,
    Dr. Mercy devised this system of recorded subliminal messages buried in soft
    relaxing music, that over a period of time would completely altar the brain's
    ability to make choices and would become solely depend on receiving instructions
    in order to complete even the most menial task.  
 Piglet was Dr. Mercy's &ldquo;first
    project.&rdquo; Often Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mercy would discuss the piglet's
    progress and plan other ways to use piglet for their benefit, entertainment,
    and experiments. Much of this entertainment and experiments were videotaped
    and they would view the ridiculous and obscene tasks they would put piglet
    through. This was so much fun for Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary Mercy that they
    would just sit and laugh, totally enjoying themselves. Very often during
    these times they would both become so sexually aroused by the power they
    had over this white bitch, by the thought of the transformation that was
    taking place in a once &ldquo;normal girl&rdquo; that they would end up in
    bed making love to each other that was very satisfying and left them exhausted
    in each others arms.  
 As the piglet was in the back seat,
    hands pressed together in a prayer position under her chin, sitting erect
    with her ear phones on, subliminal messages doing their job of slowly but
    continually re-programming her brain, Miss Tamala was pulling into her driveway.
    This was the home, or &ldquo;love nest&rdquo; as she and Dr. Mercy were fond
    of calling it, they had bought together. It was on the outskirts of the city
    on 5 acres of land. This afforded them privacy and gave them the freedom
    they craved to totally enjoy their &ldquo;acquisitions&rdquo;.  
It was a two story brick house with
    a two car garage, had a deck, swimming pool, and patio. The acre of land
    surrounding the house was beautifully landscaped but they had left the other
    4 acres wooded to further insure their privacy. It also had a basement which
    housed Dr. Mercy's laboratory and piglet's living quarters.  
 As Miss Tamala pulled the car to
    a stop in front of the garage, she reached over to the passenger's side of
    the front seat and picked up a &ldquo;flogger&rdquo; that she always kept
    on the front passenger side of the car seat. She had many &ldquo;educational
    instruments&rdquo; as she used to call them, most of which were custom made
    for her. This particular one was 2 foot long, had a very stiff leather handle
    and a fly swatter type head on the other end. The head was also made of leather
    and had the initials &ldquo;T.B.&rdquo; in raised letters engraved on it.
    Miss Tamala also had names for all her educational instruments. This one
    was called &ldquo;kisser.&rdquo; Since piglet was never allowed to have her
    eyes open when she was undergoing her &ldquo;continuing education&rdquo; Miss
    Tamala had to have a way to get her attention when she had a use for her.  
 &ldquo;Craaacckkk,&rdquo; Miss
    Tamala had reached around and hit piglet sharply on the side of her face
    with &ldquo;kisser&rdquo;. She always loved the &ldquo;splat&rdquo; sound
    of the leather flogger head striking piglets face so she always tried to
    swing hard. If her swing was hard enough, and most of the time it was, it
    left the raised initials &ldquo;T.B.&rdquo; in red welts on piglet's face.
    aThe loud &ldquo;swat&rdquo; of leather striking piglet's head, the fact
    that Miss Tamala had the power to inflict this pain and humiliation on this
    white bitch always gave her a sexual rush and many times she could feel her
    pussy getting wet almost immediately.  
 &ldquo;Yes, Ma'am,&rdquo; piglet's
    eyes immediately opened.  
 &ldquo;We are home,&rdquo; Miss
    Tamala announced as the car stopped. Immediately piglet removed her earphones,
    opened her door, put her shoes back on and ran around the car to open Miss
    Tamala's door. As soon as Miss Tamala was out of the car, piglet picked up
    her briefcase and purse and ran up to the front door of the house to open
    that door for her also.  
 &ldquo;Go prepare dinner, Miss
    Mary will be home soon and I expect everything to be ready for us,&rdquo; Miss
    Tamala ordered her piglet.  
 &ldquo;Yes, Ma'am,&rdquo; and piglet
    moved rapidly toward the kitchen as Miss Tamala prepared herself a cocktail
    and went into the living room to relax while dinner was being prepared.  
 As piglet went into the kitchen,
    the first thing she looked for was the menu that Miss Tamala would have waiting
    for her on the counter top. The menu would feature what Miss Tamala and Miss
    Mary would be having for dinner that evening. This evening it was a salad,
    New York strip steak and a rice medley served under candlelight. Then she
    would take her sack &ldquo;working dress&rdquo; off and get into her &ldquo;dinner
    serving attire&rdquo; which was nothing more then a transparent soft vinyl
    apron that tied around her neck, went down the front of her body and tied
    again around the waist. The length of the apron stopped at the area where
    her thighs and crotch met. Of course, piglet was never allowed to wear panties
    or a bra so her pussy was always exposed for her Mistress's inspection and
    use. The front of the bib area of the apron was cut out in small circles
    in the front to expose her nipples and was completely bare in the back so
    that her ass was always visible. Miss Tamala had pierced each of piglet's
    nipples a long time ago, and she had use for these pierced nipples in numerous
    ways.  
 When piglet was to prepare dinner,
    she was required to insert a silver ring into each nipple. The rings were
    four inches in diameter. Miss Tamala had rings in all different sizes that
    she would insert in piglet's nipples for different functions. When piglet
    had prepared dinner and she was ready to serve it, she would go to a drawer
    and retrieve two fine linen napkins. One napkin had the initials &ldquo;T.B.&rdquo; and
    the other had the initials &ldquo;M.M.&rdquo; embroidered on them. She would
    fold the napkins very carefully so the initials were facing outward and could
    be clearly visible to either of her Mistress's. She would then insert one
    end of the napkin through a nipple ring, tie a knot at the very top of that
    end and let the rest of the napkin hang down, initials outward and ready
    for use. If, while Miss Tamala or Miss Mary were enjoying their dinner they
    had a need to use their napkins, they would simply call the piglet over to
    them by raising their finger in a &ldquo;come here&rdquo; signal. Piglet
    would immediately go to the Mistress who had summoned her, bend over so as
    not to cause Mistress any discomfort by requiring her to stretch and Mistress
    would use the napkin attached to the nipple ring to wipe her mouth. Of course,
    this always seemed to require a lot of &ldquo;tugging and pulling&rdquo; on
    piglets tits, especially when her Mistress's were wiping their hands, and
    piglet would end up with tears in her eyes by the time dinner was completed.  
 On one dinner occasion, the tugging
    and pulling caused piglet's tits to be extremely sore. So much so that piglet
    was grimacing and tears were flowing freely each time one of the Mistresses's
    had use for her in this manner. But then Miss Tamala explained to piglet
    that she should be &ldquo;happy&rdquo; that they were making &ldquo;good&rdquo; use
    of her. Of course, Dr. Mercy had explained to Miss Tamala that she should
    always pull on the napkin as hard as she could so that would have the effect
    of stretching and elongating piglet's nipples. Thus they could find other
    uses for her tits and nipples when they were stretched long enough.  
 With this done, piglet got to work
    preparing dinner for Miss Tamala and Miss Mercy. Of course, she also had
    an allotted time in which to complete this task or receive more demerits.  
 Author's Note: Please, you should
    be of legal age in your State to read this. While freedom of the mind to
    think is a wonderful thing, you should have the capacity to distinguish reality
    from fantasy. While much of my writing is based on "life experiences," it
    is also embellished with a lot of fantasy. Thank you and enjoy!)   
 ______________________________________   
Chapter III---Tamala Barker and
    Dr. Mary Mercy   
 Tamala heard Mary's car pull up
    in the driveway and went to the front door to greet her as she arrived home.
    As Mary came in the door, Miss Tamala was waiting there with a wide grin
    on her face.   
 "You look good enough to eat Doctor," said
    Tamala in somewhat excited voice.   
 "Oh, oh," replied Mary, "every
    time you call me doctor we end up fucking each other silly." Mary laughed
    as she said this and Tamala came over to her, embraced her by wrapping her
    arms around Mary's back and then let her hands slide slowly down until they
    reached her ass where she gave Mary a little squeeze on each of her ass cheeks.
    Their lips met in a passionate kiss, tongues searching each other out . .
    . "I love you baby," Tamala said to Mary.   
 "I love you too lady," Mary replied.   
 Doctor Mary Mercy was 42 years
    old, just a few years older than Tamala Barker. She was about the same height
    as Tamala but that is where the similarities stopped. While Tamala had a
    somewhat muscular feminine built, Dr. Mary had a tapered frame, with broad
    shoulders sloping down at a sharp angle to a small waist and then flared
    back out to broad hips. Her breasts were very large without a bit of sag
    in them and coupled with the small waist were an immediate attention getter.
    But her most prominent feature was her ass. While it matched her hips perfectly,
    it was solid as a rock. She wore her straight jet black hair a little longer
    than Tamala's. It was thick, parted a little left of center and fell to her
    shoulders. Her hair was always neatly combed and always had a bright sheen
    to it. She had very beautiful facial features that were always perfectly
    made up. Her legs completed and complimented her body frame. They were not
    as muscular as Tamala's but seemed to be longer. The first word that would
    come to your mind in describing Dr. Mary would be "disciplinarian." Her skin
    color was darker than Tamala's. Her breasts strained against the two-piece
    white medical suits she seemed to constantly wear. The jacket part of her
    suit was always cut low enough to show a generous portion of rich brown cleavage.
    She alternated the bottom part of the two piece suits between skirts and
    slacks. When she wore skirts they were short enough to draw attention to
    her long legs. When she wore slacks or some sort of pants, they were deliciously
    tight enough to clearly show her panty outline on a solid ass. This day,
    as most working days, she had on her tight white slacks and white medical
    issue shoes. Most of the time she wore very small eye glasses with frames
    that were outlined in thin gold. Although she could get along fine without
    glasses, she liked to wear them because the glasses gave her the appearance
    of being a very refined, highly educated person. If you were meeting Dr.
    Mary Mercy for the first time, the impression you would get would be one
    of a proud, confident, and very authoritative African American woman. She
    had a private medical practice and specialized in psychiatry even though
    she was also deeply interested in the medical part of her training. But psychiatry
    was her first love. She found it very satisfying to be able to delve into
    someone's mind, to find out "what they are all about" as she was fond of
    saying.   
 After many years of research and
    personal experiences, Dr. Mary was a firm believer that there were two very
    distinctive personalities and traits that could be found in just about every
    person. Each person, her theory went, possessed either a "dominant" or "submissive" nature.
    Long ago Dr. Mary discovered that she had the unique psychiatric ability
    to be capable of separating the dominant from the submissive. By using this
    ability, along with chemicals she was experimenting with, she could altar
    the way a person's brain controlled their thought processes. The subliminal
    messages that Dr. Mary recorded in her laboratory by mixing special music
    with suggestive commands also assisted her to completely change and then
    control her patients or more appropriately in this case, her "project."   
 When Tamala Barker was going through
    her divorce and was somewhat depressed, she came to Dr. Mary Mercy for help.
    It wasn't long before Dr. Mary determined that Tamala really had a very dominant
    nature. She was attracted to Tamala from the very first meeting and in a
    short period of time she had not only extracted Tamala from whatever depression
    she felt but taught her how to be a very confident, self reliant, and dominant
    woman. During Tamala's therapy sessions, Dr. Mary discovered that like herself,
    Tamala also had a somewhat sadistic trait to her personality that brought
    her extensive sexual gratification when she knew how to put her "assets",
    as Dr. Mary called them, to work.   
 Dr. Mary was also a confirmed lesbian.
    She believed that women were far superior to men and could control any man
    when and if they knew how. She used to tell Tamala all the time "men have
    given up riches, kingdoms, and even their lives for the power of a pussy." Dr.
    Mary also possessed a very dominant personality and discovered long ago that
    her deep sexual satisfaction came from using her dominant natural instinct
    to manipulate and overpower those with submissive personalities that she
    had taken a liking too. She also believed that black women possessed a special
    mystique to white women. She had another theory that things came easy to
    white women while black women had to struggle for everything they obtained.
    This fact by itself, instilled a toughness and self reliance in a black woman
    that a white woman could not hope to understand. She also told Tamala that
    there was "nothing more beautiful then seeing a white female head between
    the dark thighs of a black woman."   
 Over time, Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala
    became not only best friends and lovers, but also shared their dominant and
    sexual desires in a "partnership" that was in its tenth year. This house
    they had bought together was where they "let their hair down", another term
    of Dr. Mary's. This is where they first brought Ann or "piglet" for her training
    and "transformation." Dr. Mary had a fully equipped laboratory and medical
    facility in the basement where she conducted her research and experiments.
    Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary had built Ann's "living quarters" in the same
    area of the basement. They enjoyed and received so much sexual satisfaction
    out of their first "project" Ann, that they were now wanted to add a second "project." And
    Lynn Langley was their joint selection.   
 "How did the interview go today," Mary
    said to Tamala.   
 "Wanna see?" answered Tamala.   
 "You bet baby," Mary said with
    a big smile on her face. "But it looks from the expression on your face that
    it went well."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," laughed Tamala, "I
    believe this mother fucking white bitch will be ours." Tamala and Dr. Mary
    liked to use derogatory words when describing their "projects." The use of
    these derogatory words served two purposes. First, it gave them a sexual
    rush speaking freely and loudly words that society condemned. Second, when
    used on their slaves, it enforced their superiority and diminished a slave's
    self-confidence and self-esteem.   
 "Good, good . . . I am very pleased," Mary
    said as she sat on the sofa waiting as Tamala walked over to the VCR and
    put in the video tape of Lynn's interview. This was also the first time Tamala
    was viewing the tape since its recording.   
 Once the video started to play,
    Tamala sat on the couch next to Mary. They sat very close so their thighs
    were touching and they could feel the heat from each others body. They watched
    the video of Lynn sitting in the little chair, watched as Miss Tamala using
    the techniques that Dr. Mary had taught her, brushed her skirt on Lynn's
    face and hair always making her presence known and felt, and ending with
    first, Tamala's big toe in Lynn's mouth, then all five toes, then the shaking
    of Lynn's head up and down, then back and forth by using her foot in Lynn's
    mouth.   
 Dr. Mary started to critique the
    video utilizing her psychiatric knowledge: "See Tamala, see how the white
    bitch is reacting to your stern demeanor . . . see how the fucking whore
    is reacting to your scent when you get close to her. That's the chemical
    working . . . ha, ha,... our little favor pellet, it heightens the sense
    of smell and taste in her brain and equates that particular scent or taste
    to a sexual desire . . . now look," Dr. Mary continued her critique, "see
    how she reacts to the scent of your foot . . . ha, ha, ... look how the pig
    loves the taste of your toes . . . ha, ha, ha . . . oh you little devil," Dr
    Mary said as she looked into Tamala's eyes. "Look . . . you are giving her
    a taste of your juices on her own fingers . . . great!"   
 It was obvious Dr. Mary was enjoying
    the success her prot&eacute;g&eacute;, Tamala, was having with Lynn. And
    Dr. Mary was feeling the wetness building up in her vagina. She was enjoying
    this and it always initiated her sexual arousal when she could use her psychiatric
    knowledge of human emotions to overwhelm another's mind.   
 Seeing Dr. Mary's excited smile,
    seeing how she was enjoying herself and getting a sexual rush from watching
    the video was also making Tamala moist and she could feel the first stirrings
    of sexual arousal in her loins. She reached over and kissed Dr. Mary on the
    face, just a light peck on the cheek.   
 "Well doctor, does it look like
    this slut will make a good candidate for another acquisition?" Tamala asked.   
 "Oh yes, yes, yes...she has a very
    submissive nature and personality. That much is very clear. Somewhere in
    her psyche is buried a feeling of inferiority. And that, my dear, is what
    we are going to uncover and take advantage of. My chemicals took effect on
    the little bastard rapidly," Dr. Mary answered. As she felt Tamala's kiss
    on her cheek she turned and kissed Tamala back on the lips.   
 "She wouldn't have responded to
    the drug that fast if she was even a little dominant," Dr. Mary continued. "And
    that was only a mild first stage chemical. Just wait until we really get
    her on the progressive stage drugs. And then on the "educational" tapes," Dr.
    Mary was really getting horny now and her sexual desires were building as
    she explained the plans she had for Lynn. "Replay the tape again, lady," she
    said to Tamala. Dr. Mary liked to call Tamala "lady" because she always told
    her how beautiful, feminine and strong she was and she reminded her of a
    gracious lady.   
 Tamala went over and reset the
    tape, pushed play and returned to the sofa to sit beside her lover and partner.   
 "She is very pretty, isn't she," Dr.
    Mary said as she was looking more closely at Lynn on the second viewing of
    the interview tape. "Maybe even a little prettier than the piglet. She has
    nice features, excellent complexion, and a good lips and mouth, but of course,
    we will have to make some alterations. Oh, oh, Tamala, I am really excited
    about this one. We are going to have a lot of fun with this little white
    bitch. By the time we get through with her she will be a babbling idiot kneeling
    at your feet, ready to kiss your ass ... ha, ha," she laughed.   
 As the video ended for the second
    time, Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala were locked in each other's arms. Mouth to
    mouth, tongue to tongue, hands roaming, touching, feeling each other ...
    the thoughts of completely taking over the life of Lynn Langley stimulating
    their sexual desire for each other.   
 "Doctor Mary Mercy, I love you," Tamala
    said as Dr. Mary was beginning to unbutton Tamala's blouse. As the last button
    gave way, the opened blouse exposed Tamala's black bra that was straining
    against her ample breasts. Dr. Mary loved these breasts and couldn't wait
    to get her hands on them, to squeeze them, to suck on them.   
 Tamala took Dr. Mary's hands in
    her own hands. "Wait darling, I had the piglet make a special dinner for
    you tonight. Then we have to discuss our plans for Miss Langley's orientation
    tomorrow, if, that is, if she comes back for orientation," Tamala said as
    she was rebuttoning her blouse.   
 "What do you mean if she comes
    back?" Dr. Mary replied.   
 "Well I gave her the choice. I
    left it up to her. She knows that she can have the internship if she wants
    it, or she can just decide not to take it. I told her if she decided against
    it I would give her an excellent evaluation that should go a long way toward
    earning her law degree," Tamala said.   
 "Tamala my dear," Dr. Mary said
    as though she was lecturing her prot&eacute;g&eacute;, "you know she will
    be back, ha, ha, . . . you know that little bitch got a taste of your pussy
    juices. Sometimes I think you are getting as devious as me, ha, ha," she
    ended up laughing. "But you are right, it is better to let her think about
    it for a while. Let the little white bitch make her own decision using her
    own free will while she has it. It is always more fun that way," Dr. Mary
    continued in a somewhat more serious tone of voice.   
 Just then piglet appeared in the
    doorway to the living room. She was standing in her service position, elbows
    tucked close to her side, arms bent at the elbows, hands in the prayer position
    between her breasts and under her chin. Then she bowed down making sure her
    head was on an even plane with her waist as she was taught during her training
    period. Piglet stood there for a moment in silence. She looked so cute standing
    there with the fine initialed napkins hanging from the rings in her nipples
    before these two beautiful black women.   
 "You may speak," Miss Talama told
    her.   
 "Mistress Tamala, Mistress Mary,
    your dinner is served," she said.   
 "Pay your respects to the good
    doctor," Miss Tamala said to the piglet.   
 "Yes, ma'am," came piglet's reply
    as she walked over to Dr. Mary, knelt down in front of where she was sitting,
    and began to roll up the cuffs on Dr. Mary's slacks. She was trained to roll
    the cuffs just 2 inches above Dr. Mary's ankle and had to make sure the fold
    was even all the way around both legs. Dr. Mary's feet were bare inside of
    her shoes. Piglet then lowered her head and began to lick all around Dr.
    Mary's white medical issue slipper, where the dark skin met the material
    of the slipper below the ankle. Then she moved her head forward and licked
    the toe area of the slipper.   
 "Remove my slippers piglet," she
    heard Dr. Mary's voice above her. "I have had a busy day today, lots of patients
    and my feet are sore and sweaty."   
 "Yes Ma'am," came piglet's reply
    as she began to untie Dr. Mary's slippers. When she had taken both slippers
    off she waited to be told what to do next. Piglet never did anything on her
    own. Her mind had been conditioned during her training period to believe
    that she was too dumb to make any decision using her own free will. She was
    conditioned to follow the orders of her Mistresses only. And when an order
    came she reacted immediately without question no matter what that order entailed.   
 "Clean my feet pig," the authoritative
    voice of Dr. Mary boomed out above her. "And be sure to clean between my
    toes."   
 Piglet didn't hesitate for one
    moment. She bent her head down, and using her tongue she began to lick and
    clean. She ran her tongue as far under Dr. Mary's highly polished toenails
    as she could to be sure to remove any dirt or sweat that might have accumulated
    there, then between the toes and along the ridges where Dr. Mary's toes connected
    to the ball of her foot. The sight of Dr. Mary's foot, the dark skin on top
    of the toes and how it changed to a lighter color under the toes, the scent
    that Dr. Mary's feet gave off especially after walking in slippers all day,
    the taste of the sweet salty sweat, the fact that she was being obedient,
    that she was bringing pleasure to her Mistress, these were all triggers that
    Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had implanted in piglets brain during her training
    period. Now and whenever she had the "honor" of performing these tasks her
    mind transferred the sense of smell, of taste, of obedience to the part of
    her brain that controlled her sexual functions. This always stimulated piglet's
    sexual desires. The nipples on her breasts hardened and moisture built up
    rapidly in her vagina. She always felt she could have an orgasm right on
    the spot without so much as touching herself. But that was not allowed! Piglet's
    trainers even controlled that part of her bodily functions. Dr. Mary and
    Miss Tamala knew that piglet performed the tasks she was given better if
    she was kept at a sexual peak and so she was very seldom ever permitted the
    release of an orgasm.   
 The two beautiful black women sat
    closely side by side on the sofa looking down at their "project." The sight
    of this white woman lapping at Dr. Mary's feet as though it was the most
    normal thing in the world to do, the fact that they had been successful in
    training her to be nothing more than a slave and knowing for certain they
    had complete control of her mind, body and soul was what they both lived
    for. This was fun and sexy all in one and they both took great pleasure in
    it.   
 Miss Tamala looked into Dr. Mary's
    eyes. Dr. Mary had a big smile on her face and when she turned to look at
    Miss Tamala she saw that Miss Tamala was also smiling. They reached for each
    other's lips as though they were on automatic pilot. It was a very passionate
    embrace of two people with the same thoughts, the same desires, and a strong
    need to be together.   
 Miss Tamala broke the embrace first. "Shall
    we dine darling," she said to Dr. Mary.   
 "Yes, I am starving," answered
    Dr. Mary.   
 Dr. Mary pulled the foot that piglet
    was sucking away at from her mouth, and then placed her foot flat on piglet's
    face so it covered the area from her mouth to her forehead. She let it linger
    for just a moment to enjoy the contrast of the black skin of her foot against
    the whiteness of piglet's face and then, without a second thought, pushed
    piglet's face away so hard that the poor thing landed flat on it's back.   
 They both had a good laugh at watching
    piglet go sprawling backwards. Piglet lifted her head to look at her Mistresses.
    But she didn't move from where Dr. Mary had pushed her. She was worried that
    somehow she didn't do a good enough job in cleaning Dr. Mary's feet and this
    would add to her demerits. But she wouldn't dare move anyway. Her mind was
    no longer capable of making its own decisions. She had been trained to only
    be able to function with instructions or orders from one or the other of
    her owners.   
 It was Mistress Tamala that got
    up from the sofa first. She walked over to a lamp table beside the sofa,
    opened the drawer in the table and reached in to retrieve an instrument that
    was two feet long. It was a rod that had an egg shaped bulb on one side and
    a battery pack box on the other. Then she walked over to piglet.   
 "Get up," she said in a very stern
    voice. "We are ready to dine."   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet replied as
    she got up from the floor.   
 "Lead the way," Mistress Tamala
    ordered piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," came the obedient
    reply.   
 Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary followed
    about a foot behind piglet as she resumed her service position and went toward
    the dining room. Just as they were about to enter the dining room, Miss Tamala
    said, "Stop!"   
 Piglet immediately responded by
    stopping in her tracks.   
 "Take your hands and spread your
    ass cheeks," came the next order from Mistress Tamala. Again piglet responded
    to this directive by removing her hands from under her chin, reached around
    and grabbed a hold of her ass cheeks and spread them apart as far as she
    could.   
 Mistress Tamala placed the bulb
    shaped end of the rod at the entrance of piglet's ass hole, and then pushed
    it in until the bulb was no longer visible. Dr. Mary sensed what Mistress
    Tamala was about to do. She put her arm around Mistress Tamala's waist and
    gave her a tight hug. They both looked at each other. They both had an excited
    smile on their faces. Mistress Tamala placed her lips on Dr. Mary's lips
    and they shared a passionate kiss. When their lips parted Dr. Mary looked
    into Mistress's Tamala's eyes.   
 "This is for you, darling," Mistress
    Tamala said to Dr. Mary. Her thumb pushed the button on the battery pack
    just as she finished speaking.   
 "Zzzaaappp . . . zzzaaappp . .
    ." the sound of two immediate jolts of electricity, about a half a second
    apart, went from the battery pack to the bulb part of the rod. Piglet's body
    reacted immediately going rigid. The current ran through her ass hole, down
    her legs and up to her head in a split second. The nipples on her breasts
    sprung outward in a hardened position, the fine linen napkins in the nipple
    rings swayed back and forth, and the pupils in her eyes were twice the normal
    size for just a second. She automatically jumped forward about a foot. Dr.
    Mary had invented this instrument and had calibrated it to perfection. The
    first jolt was totally absorbed by piglet's body. The second jolt served
    to draw the egg shaped bulb end from her ass hole so there was no lasting
    damage.   
 "Ha, ha, ha . . . did you see the
    little fucker jump?" Dr. Mary said. "How much did you give her?"   
 "Only six volts," Mistress Tamala
    answered. "Did you enjoy it darling?"   
 "Oh yes, yes . . . that was nice,
    Thank you lady," answered Dr. Mary. "I am so glad we met. It is really fun
    having someone to share with."   
 It only took a minute for piglet
    to recover. But it had a lasting effect on her nipples. They remained hard
    for quite some time after one of these episodes. This worried her a little
    because she knew her Mistresses would soon be having dinner and that would
    require them to use their napkins. With her nipples this hard, she knew it
    would be more painful than ever. Then she heard the order to get moving again
    and she led the way into the dining room. Deep down inside she just hoped
    that her two beautiful Mistresses enjoyed the dinner she had been taught
    to make during her training period.   
Chapter IV&mdash;Piglet Serves Dinner
    and Prepares for Reflection   
 Piglet could always tell from the
    demeanor of her Mistresses what kind of mood they were in. Tonight she could
    tell their sexual desires were at a peak for each other and she knew she
    had better not do anything to get them upset. She also knew when they were
    in this state of mind they were more likely to intensify her tasks.   
 As they entered the dining room,
    the glow from the candles burning on the table showed a perfectly set table.
    Mistress Tamala would always inspect the table before they sat down to see
    if piglet had completed this task correctly. Dr. Mary knew the routine so
    she just observed as Mistress Tamala went to a kitchen cabinet drawer and
    retrieved a tape ruler. Then she went over to the table and began to measure,
    reading her findings out loud: "fork is one half inch from knife on left
    hand side of plate; spoon is three quarters inch from plate on right hand
    side; wine glass is one inch above plate on 30 degree angle; cup is on saucer
    and perfectly lined up with wine glass."   
 This process was part of piglet's
    training. She had to be trained to obey every command she was given automatically
    and more importantly, perfectly. Then she would become almost like a robot
    without the ability to think or reason for herself. The more difficult the
    task she was given, the harder she would work to please her Mistresses. And
    the harder she worked, the more a sense of fear built up in her mind that
    she was too stupid to do anything correctly on her own. The end result of
    this regimen would be her total and complete reliance on her Mistresses for
    even the simplest things.   
 Piglet stood in her "service position" exactly
    two feet back from the table edge, and exactly the same distance from the
    sides of the square dining room table so as to not offend either of her Mistresses
    by being closer to one than the other just as her training had taught her.
    As she was listening to the very authoritative voice of Mistress Tamala,
    she began to tremble. Her hands in the prayer position under her chin began
    to sweat. Each measurement that rang out from Mistress Tamala's mouth made
    her tremble even more. Once again she was afraid she hadn't completed the
    task she was given correctly. She kept hearing a voice in her mind saying, "dumb
    bitch, can't do anything right . . . "stupid whore, your not good for anything." These
    were comments she had heard repeatedly during her training period from one
    of her Mistresses or the other. They had been ingrained deeply in her thought
    processes.   
 Mistress Tamala let the tape ruler
    snap back in place as she walked over to the cabinet. The cabinet was located
    behind piglet and Miss Tamala disappeared from piglet's view. Piglet heard
    the cabinet drawer open.   
 "Bang," Miss Tamala slammed the
    drawer shut purposely and piglet jumped, her heart rate increasing to a rapid
    pace. Miss Tamala walked very slowly back in front of piglet and stopped
    when she was only about 12 inches away from her. She was face to face with
    her slave and her beautiful black eyes looked right into piglet's eyes. Piglet
    was sure she had not completed her task correctly and that would mean more
    demerits or even worst, a hard slap to the face. The look in Mistress Tamala's
    eyes frightened her even more if that was possible. She lowered her eyes
    but held her service position.   
 Mistress Tamala reached down and
    rested her hand on piglet's mound, then let her hand slowly drop down and
    over her hard pubic bone until her fingers reached the outer lips of her
    vagina. Piglets outer vagina lips had been stretched purposely by Dr. Mary
    using a medical procedure that was specifically designed for that purpose.
    Her outer vagina lips distended downward about an inch so they were always
    clearly visible to her Mistresses and they were a great deal more sensitive
    in this state. Mistress Tamala let two of her fingers rub the outer folds
    of piglet's enlarged vagina lips. Slowly, back and forth her fingers worked
    on the vagina lips until she could feel the wetness begin to build up.   
 "Look into my eyes bitch," Miss
    Tamala said suddenly and in a loud voice.   
 "Yes ma'am," and piglet raised
    her head, her eyes fixed on Mistress Tamala's frightening eyes.   
 "You never take your fucking eyes
    off me unless I tell you to," Mistress Tamala yelled at piglet. As she yelled
    at piglet she started to tease her vagina by inserting her finger inside
    the now moist inner vagina lips. She was working her finger slowly at first,
    then faster, then slow again, then faster . . .   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet replied as
    she felt her sexual emotions start to stir again. Tiny tremors ran through
    her body, she could feel little stabs of tingling bliss shooting down her
    arms and legs and as the pulsating sexual sensations increased in intensity
    her knees were buckling a little. She was having a hard time remaining in
    her service position. Her breathing was quicker now and when she exhaled
    her mouth sagged a bit, then inhaled and sucked in her breath deeply causing
    her stomach to pull inward. She was getting very close and she wasn't sure
    if she should ask permission...maybe even beg...or something . . . her mind
    was saying "no, she wasn't told to speak, but her body was telling her "yes"...   
 Dr. Mary was leaning against the
    cabinet watching her prot&eacute;g&eacute; at work. "Damn she is getting
    good," Dr. Mary thought. "To think Tamala was a depressed ex-wife ten years
    ago. Look at her now, she is becoming insatiable," she continued thinking
    as she was getting more and more aroused watching Tamala put piglet through
    her paces.   
 Dr. Mary was Tamala's mentor and
    this role came natural to her. Exploring a person's mind, shaping it, and
    the realization that she had the ability and power to achieve this, especially
    when it involved sexual emotions and desires gave her a sexual high. Tamala
    was more the "implementer" and this role seemed to come just as natural to
    her. It wasn't planned this way; rather it was one's instincts or one's sexual
    orientation that came to the surface in a free and unprejudiced environment.
    This is what attracted Dr. Mary to Tamala when initially, during Tamala's
    depressed therapy sessions, Dr. Mary discovered that Tamala's sexual orientation
    leaned toward domination and even a streak of sadism.   
 Mistress Tamala inserted two fingers
    in piglet's vagina opening now, twisting and turning, bringing her one finger
    up to just frivolously and ever so lightly rub against her clit, then slowly
    in and out, shallow and a little deeper, faster, then slowly again, . . .
    and the juices were flowing down the inside of piglet's thighs. Piglet's
    facial features were distorted, she was beginning to gasp for air, even her
    body was beginning to sink a little and Mistress Tamala knew she wanted to
    cum . . . needed to reach an orgasm more than anything else in the world.
    Suddenly and without warning, Mistress Tamala caught piglet's clit between
    her finger and her thumb and squeezed very hard.   
 "Aaaahhhhhh . . .aaaahhhhh . .
    .ooooohhhhh," came the involuntary agonizing noise from piglet's mouth. She
    knew she should remain quiet but the pain was excruciating, almost unbearable
    as she looked into excited beautiful black eyes and saw the sadistic smile
    on her Mistress's face as she squeezed her thumb and finger harder and harder
    until piglet's clit was just about mashed between her finger and her thumb.
    Suddenly Mistress Tamala removed her fingers.   
 Tears flowed freely down the cheeks
    of piglet's face. She needed release so bad . . . so bad...she kept thinking.
    Her nipples were so hard, so hard she thought they would burst...release,
    climax, cum...her thought processes were spinning almost out of control.
    Finally she lowered her head down . . . defeated, unsatisfied, and frustrated.
    She knew she would be punished for lowering her head without permission but
    her head almost dropped of its own accord and she didn't have the strength
    to fight it any longer. Instead she felt Mistress Tamala's dry hand under
    her chin raising her head once more. Miss Tamala cupped piglet's chin tightly
    with her hand, moved her face to within a couple of inches of piglet's face,
    and stared deeply into her tear filled eyes. Then she brought the hand that
    was soaked with piglet's own vaginal juices up to piglet's mouth.   
 "Open," Miss Tamala said in a very
    sultry, soft, and low voice almost as though she was showing compassion for
    the broken down girl. Miss Tamala's face was so close piglet could feel her
    warm breath on her face when she said "open." Then Miss Tamala put the vaginal
    nectar soaked fingers in piglet's mouth, softly twisted them around, over
    her teeth, on her tongue and back and forth.   
 "Your Mistresses with be seated
    for dinner now little slut," Miss Tamala said again to piglet in the same
    sultry and sexy voice.   
 Piglet looked at her Mistress through
    tear filled eyes, looked at the wonderful smile on her face, thought how
    beautiful she was, how superior and wise she was, how fortunate she herself
    was to just be in the presence of this all knowing beautiful black woman.
    Deep in her heart she knew her Mistress knew what was best for her. Wasn't
    that what Mistress Tamala and Mistress Mary had told her over and over again?
    Besides her mind was telling her ... "your too dumb, too stupid, too much
    of a slut to do anything without Mistress Tamala's supervision and direction."   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet answered in
    a very submissive tone of voice. She moved over to pull the chair out from
    the dining room table where Mistress Tamala would be seated. Then she bent
    down to kiss the seat of the chair where Mistress Tamala's ass would touch
    the seat.   
 The kissing of the chair was a
    symbolic show of respect for her Mistress and was the result of a training
    program that Dr. Mary had implemented called "demonstrations of worship." Piglet
    believed with all her heart that Mistress Tamala was born to be worshipped
    and there were many times when all Mistress Tamala would have to say was: "demonstrate
    your respect," and piglet would kneel down and kiss her ass wherever they
    happened to be.   
 Piglet then went to the other end
    of the table to go through the same procedure of respect and worship for
    Mistress Dr. Mary. After both of her Mistresses were seated, she went to
    her "designated spot" again and assumed her service position.   
 "You may now serve dinner pig," Mistress
    Tamala told her.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet.   
 During dinner Mistress Tamala and
    Mistress Mary discussed their plans for at least the present, Miss Lynn Langley,
    when she returned for her orientation. They discussed the fact that Lynn
    was a good candidate for the internship. She didn't have any strong family
    connections; was very pretty, so much so that she had several offers for
    modeling from some very highly respected modeling agencies but had decided
    on a career in law; she was a straight 'A' student throughout high school
    and college; and as a 'side benefit' she had a large trust fund, something
    they would have to keep in mind. They were much energized just thinking about
    this new challenge and how much fun it would be to bring this 'high flying
    white bitch to her knees.'   
 "Give the bitch the 'stage two
    favor pellet' tomorrow morning," said Dr. Mary. "This drug has a chemical
    mixture that has a stronger aphrodisiac than the 'stage one pellet' and will
    stimulate her sexual arousal much faster than yesterday. It also contains
    something to heighten her sense of smell and taste. All of your womanly scents
    will be a fragrance that her mind will automatically relate to sex and act
    as a sex stimulant. Try to get your ass as close to her face as possible.
    This scent will also have a sexual connection for her," Dr. Mary continued. "It's
    like rewiring her brain. The chemicals are harmless and will dissipate. They
    are only used to assist us to lower her natural instincts but in the final
    analysis, it will be up to us to bring out her ingrained submissiveness,
    to lower her self esteem and self worth, to make her fear and love us more
    then anything else in the world, and then to educate and mold her into what
    we want her to be," Dr. Mary was explaining to Tamala in her doctorial tone
    of voice.   
 "I think I can handle that doctor," Mistress
    Tamala answered. "This is going to be fun. I am getting excited just thinking
    about it."   
 "Oh, I know you can handle it you
    beautiful sadistic lady," said Dr. Mary jokingly. "Call me around noon and
    keep me informed of your progress. I may be able to come to your office to
    give her a physical."   
 Ha, ha, ha," Mistress Tamala laughed. "I
    can't wait to see that!"   
 While this dinner conversation
    was going on between her two Mistresses, piglet stood in her service position
    and only moved when summoned by one of her Mistresses to refill a wine glass
    or when they had use of a napkin fastened to the rings in the nipples of
    her breasts.   
 Mistress Tamala was the first one
    to get up from the dinner table. She walked over and picked up Dr. Mary's
    plate, brought it around the table to her plate and scraped the leftovers
    all on a single plate. There were pieces of fat and bristle from the New
    York strip steak; some left over salad, Mistress Tamala's had French dressing,
    Dr. Mary's had Italian dressing; and a little of the rice medley. Miss Tamala
    mixed it all together in one pile on the plate.   
 "Bring me the garbage shit head," Mistress
    Tamala said to piglet, her voice now back to the authoritative tone.   
 "Yes ma'am," snapped piglet in
    response to the voice tone change.   
 The changes in Mistress Tamala's
    voice pitch had a roller coaster effect on piglet's emotions. When she spoke
    in an authoritative and loud tone piglet's emotions soared and fear built
    up in her mind rapidly and it was easy to see the fear in her facial expression.
    Then came the soft and sultry tone and it brought her down almost like air
    being left slowly out an inner tube and left a confused expression on her
    face. Mistress Tamala had become an expert in applying this taunting and
    she loved to keep piglet on edge not knowing what to expect. This taunting
    always brought a rapid wetness between Mistress Tamala's legs so intense
    that in a few instances it would bring her to the brink of an orgasm.   
 Piglet was not allowed to discard
    any garbage of any kind without Mistress Tamala inspecting it before hand.
    She walked over to the kitchen sink, retrieved the plastic bag where she
    had kept the garbage from dinner and from this morning's breakfast and brought
    it over to her Mistress.   
 Mistress Tamala looked into the
    plastic bag and started to take out the items she wanted and put them on
    the same plate that contained tonight's dinner leftovers. She took out two
    egg shells, a banana peel, a small piece of burned toast, some cucumber peelings,
    some wilted lettuce leaves, and some tomato stems. She put these items in
    with the leftovers on the plate and mixed, cut, and mashed them together.
    She was doing all of this in full view of piglet. She knew the food items
    were perfectly safe although most likely not very appetizing, but the point
    was that piglet viewed this as "garbage" thus had the affect of lowering
    her self worth. Once in a while Mistress Tamala would look right into piglet's
    face with a smile on her own face adrenalin. Piglet remained somber and expressionless.   
 Dr. Mary sat back in her chair
    watching Tamala. She had never seen Tamala go through this routine before.
    Usually when it was time for piglet's feeding they would feed her together
    just before putting her to bed. Mistress Tamala looked over at Dr. Mary a
    few times while she prepared this mixture and when their eyes met, Mistress
    Tamala would wink at her. Obviously, Mistress Tamala was doing this for Dr.
    Mary's benefit. She always liked to surprise and impress her tutor, lover,
    best friend and confidant.   
 "Hungry pig?" Mistress Tamala said
    to piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet in
    a very subdued voice.   
 "Speak the fuck up," shouted Mistress
    Tamala, "are you trying to make me strain my ears to hear you?"   
 "No ma'am . . . ah, yes ma'am .
    . . I mean . . .," piglet answered louder this time but she was stammering
    again. She was confused, she knew she was only supposed to answer with 'yes'
    or 'no' answers, but she couldn't figure out whether she was answering to
    the 'hungry question' or the question about her Mistress 'straining her ears'
    . . . I don't why I'm so dumb, she was thinking as tears began to flood her
    eyes again . . . she was trying so hard please her Mistress.   
 "Let's start over again, ok dummy," Mistress
    Tamala said, "you are getting a second chance, do you realize that?"   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet. She
    would have liked to add a 'thank you' to her answer but she knew she was
    confined to a 'yes' or 'no.'   
 "Sometimes you disappoint me you
    damn dumb slut," Mistress Tamala lectured piglet. "You know damn well you
    are not allowed second chances without earning demerits, don't you!"   
 "Yes ma'am," came piglet's frightened
    and disappointed response. She was disappointed because she was being scolded
    for failing her Mistress again.   
 "Turn and face Mistress Mary and
    recite what you learned from the 'educational tapes' about second chances," Mistress
    Tamala told piglet.   
 Piglet turned to face Dr. Mary.   
 "Mistress Mary," piglet began, "this
    dumb white slut is not allowed to have a second chance when one of my Mistresses
    assigns me to a task or otherwise gives me an instruction. This dumb white
    slut must always strive to complete my task to my Mistress's satisfaction
    the first time. To do otherwise would be to waste my Mistress's valuable
    time."   
 "Ahhhhhhh, that was very good pig," Dr.
    Mary told piglet. "See how fortunate you are tonight to be granted a second
    chance by beautiful Mistress Tamala?"   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet.   
 "Go over in front of Mistress Mary
    and assume the 'hold position'", Miss Tamala told piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," replied piglet as
    she started to move over to Dr. Mary's chair. Dr. Mary had moved her chair
    out from under the dining room table so piglet would be facing her. Piglet
    got down on her knees, folded her arms behind her back, pulled her shoulders
    back as far as she could and bowed her head down until her chin touched an
    area just above her breasts. The "hold position" was the position piglet
    was always required to be in if her Mistresses did not assign her a task
    or if she was not performing a service. It was a very uncomfortable position
    but through strict training piglet had become proficient at it.   
 As piglet was obeying her last
    instructions, Mistress Tamala walked over to the veranda, picked up an old
    newspaper and torn a piece about a foot square from it. She then walked over
    to pick up the plate with the mixture of leftovers and garbage and took both
    the piece of newspaper and plate over to where piglet was kneeing in the "hold
    position" in front of Dr. Mary. She placed the piece of newspaper about 10
    inches from Dr. Mary's bare feet and used a fork to scrape the mixture from
    the plate onto the newspaper just in front of piglet's knees.   
 "Now dummy, Mistress Tamala said, "pick
    your head up and tell Mistress Mary how I enlightened you concerning your
    feeding from now on, and why I made the decision to change your diet. You
    have permission to speak."   
 "Yes ma'am" piglet began, "Mistress
    Mary, Mistress Tamala enlighten me to the reality that she saw no good reason
    to spend money on food for me. She told that I am too stupid to know the
    difference between foods anyway. Besides, with the money she saved on my
    diet, she could buy something nice for herself something that would make
    her happy. She informed that since I am nothing more than a slutty pig that
    I shouldn't have any problem adjusting to a similar diet that pigs eat. So
    starting today, I am to save any leftovers from my Mistresses plates and
    I am not to throw any garbage away without Mistress Tamala's permission."   
 Dr. Mary bent down and started
    to stroke piglet's head from front to back like you would pet a dog that
    just performed good trick or deed.   
 "Well now," said Dr. Mary in a
    softy and sultry voice, "that was very, very thoughtful of Mistress Tamala,
    wasn't it?"   
 "Yes ma'am," came piglet's reply.   
 "And you really are a brainless
    white whore, aren't you?" Dr. Mary continued taunting piglet as though reasoning
    with her and making the facts clear for her own benefit.   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet replied again.   
 Dr. Mary always loved to hear the
    words of self degradation that had been imbedded in piglet's thought processes
    coming from piglet's own mouth. Not only did it give her a personal sexual
    rush, but she always told Mistress Tamala that this process and training
    would reduce any self esteem a person possessed to its lowest level.   
 "Get the bitch to admit what she
    is over and over again," Dr. Mary lectured Mistress Tamala. "It is like a
    direct current right to the brain when it comes from the bitch's own mouth
    and will have a lasting effect on her personality traits. That's when they
    become extremely pliable to your suggestions and instructions," Dr. Mary
    taught Mistress Tamala in her expert psychiatric teaching manner of speaking.   
 As Dr. Mary kept up her little
    game of "educating" piglet as she always referred to this degradation "modus
    operandi," Mistress Tamala walked over to the chair where Dr. Mary was sitting
    and put her arm around her. They were both getting very excited, the sexual
    desires had been building all night and now their dominant personalities
    were driving their arousal to the peak. The more they became aware of the
    power they had over piglet, the more they were sure that piglet was completely
    under their control and they were assured they could use her in any manner
    they wanted to, the more they were becoming sexually intoxicated.   
 "And if it wasn't for Mistress
    Tamala's supervision and willingness to educate you," Dr. Mary continued
    speaking to piglet while stroking her head from front to back, "you would
    always be playing with your pussy like a little slut, wouldn't you?"   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet said looking
    into Mistress Mary's eyes.   
 Dr. Mary moved her toes over to
    the mixture in front of piglet. She twisted her foot around in the mixture
    and took some of it on her toes.   
 "Would you like to taste your dinner
    fuck face," she said to piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet.   
 Dr. Mary stopped "petting" piglet,
    leaned back in her chair, picked her foot up and rubbed the mixture of leftovers
    and garbage on her lips, the area under her nose and on her chin. The food
    blend had taken on a brownish color from being mixed together and it looked
    amusing on piglet's face. But piglet kept her mouth shut. She wasn't told
    to open her mouth and of course, obedience was a sacred obligation on her
    part.   
 Dr. Mary pulled her foot away from
    piglet, got out of the chair and embraced Tamala. It was a tight lover's
    embrace, lips upon lips, breasts again breasts, and they rubbed their mounds
    together in a circular motion feeling the heat building up in each other's
    loins. When their mouths parted Dr. Mary looked into Tamala's eyes.   
 "Did you enjoy the exhibition darling," Tamala
    said to Dr. Mary.   
 "Oh yes, yes, you beautiful and
    wonderful lady . . . you always surprise me," answered Dr. Mary. "And it's
    practical too ... ha, ha, ha ... we don't have to dispose of garbage anymore...we
    have a built in garbage disposal...," Dr. Mary continued in a pleased and
    sexually aroused blissful mood.   
 Tamala placed a light kiss on Dr.
    Mary lips. She looked into her eyes of her tutor and lover. Tamala's eyes
    had the look of someone who was about to have an orgasm. Her mouth had a
    little smile, a smile of someone who was on an extreme high and she saw the
    same look on Dr. Mary's face. As they looked down on the floor at the kneeling
    white bitch, arms folded in obedience behind her back, shoulders tucked back
    just as they had trained her, the mixture of leftovers and garbage smeared
    on her face, they felt like they were looking at their creation. That feeling
    of dominance surging through their bodies was awesome. To think they had
    taken Ann, this pretty normal white girl, wholesome and highly educated in
    as an intern just four years ago and completely changed her into nothing
    but an empty minded shell of a woman, ready to obey every order and command
    of her superiors without question was sexually overpowering. And to think
    that soon, hopefully very soon, they might reduce another white bitch to
    her status only heightened their feeling of exhilaration.   
 Mistress Tamala was soaked... her
    pussy was dripping wet. Mistress Mary sensed that Tamala was climbing the
    mountain... up, up, up... there was no turning back now. It was as though
    someone had packed a ton of dynamite into Tamala's brain and the fuse was
    lit. That was very apparent to Dr. Mary by the lustful expression on Tamala's
    face. Her eye lids was closed just a bit, the the corners of her mouth were
    upturned in a familiar smile of someone who was fast reaching the height
    of their sexual arousal and her breathing pattern increased. Dr. Mary backed
    away just enough to get her hand underneath Tamala's skirt, up to top of
    the elastic band of her panties and down through her abundant pubic hair.   
 Mistress Tamala reciprocated. Her
    hand disappeared down the front of Dr. Mary's white medical slacks, and continued
    down, underneath her panties, down to her wet outer vagina lips. As though
    they were both on the same wave length, they inserted their fingers into
    each other's vagina opening and almost instantaneously found each others
    clit. Their lips met... mouths opened, their tongues caressing, as the little
    tremors started... aaahhh, aahhh, ohhh, ohh, ... little sounds were heard
    from both of them. Then while both were looking down on "their white bitch",
    their "creation" the tremors gave way to the earthquake... the fuse reached
    the dynamite... "I'm cumming... I'm cumming... oooohhhh, oooohhhh, aaahhhhhh,...
    it was hard to distinguish the sounds from one another... they tightened
    their embrace as the flood gates let go, pulsating... pumping a river of
    nectar down over their fingers, both were reaching their orgasms at the same
    moment.   
 They stayed "high up on top of
    the mountain" for what seemed like an eternity, up where the air was fresh
    and you could breathe deeply. Caressing each other's back, arms, and wherever
    their hands could reach, lips slowly breaking their togetherness they were
    descending from their ascent. They had both pulled each other's ripcord,
    the parachute was opening and they were slowly drifting back to earth...and
    the feeling was good!   
 After the ebb tide of passion had
    subsided somewhat, her breathing returning to normal, and with a deep satisfied
    feeling in her loins, Mistress Tamala reached down and untied the napkins
    from piglet's nipples. She didn't want her fine linen napkins to get soiled.
    This was not very easily done because it required a lot of pulling and tugging
    to get the napkins loose. Piglet had been instructed to make the knots tight
    when she fastened them to the rings and she did a good job. What made it
    worst was the fact the piglet's nipples were extremely sensitive today. And
    now she was in a sexually excited state of mind from being a witness to the
    love making that just taken place between her Mistresses. Womanly musk scent
    filled the air and piglet was wishing she could taste the nectar that was
    the cause of that scent. All the teasing and touching her Mistresses had
    imposed on her the last few hours contributed to keeping her nipples hard.
    Mistress Tamala left the rings in her nipples in case she decided to use
    them for some thing else later on.   
 "You may eat your dinner now you
    worthless bastard," Miss Tamala said to piglet in a loud and stern tone of
    voice, "and don't you dare use your hands. And don't get garbage on the floor.
    Keep it all on the paper. If I see one speck of garbage on the floor it will
    be 100 demerits. After you get through eating, clean the dishes and put every
    thing back in perfect order. Your Mistresses are going to the master bathroom
    to bathe and relax in the whirlpool. When you have completed your task, go
    into the living room. You have twenty-one minutes and thirty seconds to finish
    eating and to complete this task. Do you understand?"   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet. She
    hadn't eaten since her feeding at noon today but she really wasn't very hungry.
    But when asked a question from one of her Mistresses, she had a tendency
    to say "yes" rather than "no." Her mind had been conditioned to view "yes" as
    agreeable and obedient whereas "no" had somewhat of a negative and disobedient
    association with it.   
 Her Mistresses had been disciplining
    her a little more than usual this evening and she was still feeling the effects
    of that disciplining. But of course, there was never even the faintest thought
    of disobeying an order from one of her Mistresses. She bent her head down,
    and like the good obedient little thing she was, she started to ingest her
    food. Piglet was fed in many different ways and eating off the floor, using
    only her mouth was not new to her but usually the food she was given was
    of a mushy consistency.   
 On this occasion, with the cut
    up banana peels and the tomato stems it was somewhat more difficult. First
    she tried taking a mouthful and just chew it with her head kept down. But
    some of the food would fall back out of her mouth especially the banana peel
    and tomato stem pieces. So then she tried to take a mouthful, lift her head
    up and jerk her head backwards. This movement of the head backwards had the
    effect of pushing the food back further in her mouth where she could chew
    and swallow it better.   
 Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary didn't
    leave immediately. Instead they stayed for a few minutes watching piglet
    eating her first meal of leftovers and garbage.   
 "Little fucker is innovative, isn't
    she?" Dr. Mary remarked to Mistress Tamala when piglet jerked her head backwards
    to get a better grip on her food.   
 "Yeah," answered Mistress Mary
    laughing, "the bitch must have been watching a lot of animal movies ... ha,
    ha, ha." Both of their domineering personalities bubbled to the surface at
    the sight of piglet's plight.   
 As Mistress Tamala and Mistress
    Mary left the dining room piglet finished her dinner. The taste wasn't very
    appetizing and she wasn't hungry in the first place but she managed it. The
    training she been undergoing for so long was kicking in. Her altered mind
    processes were telling her, "I am fortunate that Mistress Tamala thought
    of me at all. Most of the time she didn't feed me until I was put to bed...
    Mistress Tamala is so good to me...didn't Mistress Mary just tell me how
    lucky I was...she even gave me a second chance."   
 Then she got to work. She already
    had accumulated a lot of demerits and knew that soon Mistress Tamala would
    be holding her accountable for them. She worked fast, double checking everything
    she did. "Must made sure there isn't a speck of dirt anywhere" her thoughts
    were telling her again ... "check the floor, make sure there isn't a speck
    on the floor ... Mistress Tamala said not a speck on the floor." The last
    act in this task was to put her Mistresses fine linen napkins in the "hand
    wash" area. Piglet was not allowed to put anything that bore the initials
    of her Mistresses in the washing machine. Rather these articles would always
    require careful washing by hand. As piglet was putting down the napkins,
    she was careful to make sure the initials of her Mistresses were facing outward...they
    were never to be hidden from view. As she looked at the initials her mind
    flashed back to the picture of her two Mistresses in their lovers embrace.
    She could still heard the blissful sounds emulating from them as they each
    reached the climax of their kissing, touching and grinding. She could still
    smell the womanly scent that she had come to crave so much. On impulse, even
    though she didn't have permission to do so, she bent down and kissed first
    the initials, "T.B." and then the initials, "M.M."...her way of paying homage
    to her owners. As she did so, she could feel the wetness seeping out of her
    vagina and dampening the insides of her upper thighs. Then she worried, after
    all, she didn't have her Mistresses permission to kiss the initials and the
    tears started in her eyes again thinking, "I probably did something bad."   
 Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary showered,
    washing each other with a very fragrant soap and a luxuriously soft wash
    cloth. They kissed and touched, feeling the softness of each other's breasts,
    getting a generous amount of soap on their hands and then rotating their
    palms in a circular motion around each other's nipples until they became
    erect, then moving downward, over the feminine curves and slender waists,
    seeking out and then feeling, squeezing their hands over each other's ass
    cheeks, feeling good about each other. It was usually one of piglet's tasks
    to bathe and pamper her Mistresses but this evening, after being to the "top
    of the mountain and back" they preferred to be alone. They were extremely
    happy in this alternative lifestyle they had chosen for themselves. They
    established a way to satisfy their most dominant desires and it was exciting...fun...maybe
    even a little evil...almost too good to be true.   
 After showering, they both made
    their way to the sunken whirlpool, set the temperature to 105 degrees, set
    the jets to very slow and just relaxed with a glass of good wine. Life was
    good for Mistress Tamala and Mistress Mary. They both had a long day and
    they were both tired from tonight's activities. Mistress Mary headed for
    her side of the white poster bed in their luxurious bedroom. As she climbed
    into bed, in between the soft "initialed" sheets that their slave had washed
    by hand, Mistress Tamala was brushing her hair at the vanity table.   
 "Do you want me to bed down piglet," asked
    Miss Mary.   
 "No darling," answered Miss Tamala. "I
    will do it. I've decided to hold a 'reflection session' with piglet tonight.
    I think with the new challenges coming up tomorrow it is time for a reflection
    session with the white bitch."   
 "OK beautiful lady," replied Miss
    Mary, "I am off to dream land then. Tell the bitch I will have grapefruit
    and a little cereal for breakfast please."   
 "OK darling," answered Miss Tamala, "have
    a good night's rest."   
 A "reflection session," was a very
    special time that Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary Mercy had decided was very important
    in a lifestyle that was based on a dominant/submissive relationship. Like
    the "service position" and the "hold position", a "reflection session" was
    a discipline that had been perfected by these two beautiful successful women
    and another that piglet had to undertake. It also was a period of time that
    was set aside as determined solely at the discretion of either Miss Tamala
    or Miss Mary. Miss Tamala knew that tomorrow would be challenging. She hopefully
    would be conducting Miss Lynn Langley's orientation.   
 Miss Tamala was a little nervous
    thinking about Lynn Langley's orientation because it had been four years
    since she had first under taken the "hunt" process with Ann. A lot had happen
    in four years. They had purchased this beautiful big house and the property
    surrounding it. Miss Tamala's business had grown tenfold. Dr. Mary's practice
    had vastly expanded. They knew they needed help taking care of the house
    and the grounds surrounding it. Moreover, they had so much fun training Ann
    and had been able to explore their dominant personalities in ways that most
    dominant people only dream of. "Why change now", they reasoned. "Another
    white bitch added to our household would be the ideal way to enlist assistance," they
    both agreed. A lot depended on tomorrow.   
 The last reflection session with
    piglet had been some time ago. It was not Miss Tamala's practice to have
    a reflection session on a regular basis. Rather it was more fun to keep piglet
    guessing, if she was even capable of guessing. Piglet, in her advanced state
    of training, was so used to being told what to do, when to do it, and how
    to do it that it never even occurred to her to think about anything but the
    immediate task she had been assigned.   
 So while Mistress Mary was fast
    asleep satisfied with tonight's events, Mistress Tamala prepared for the
    reflection session with piglet.   
Chapter V---Reflection, Lynn wakes
    up!   
 As Tamala was sitting at the vanity
    combing her still damp hair and preparing for the 'reflection session' she
    was recollecting some of the events that had taken place in her past. She
    remembered her first visit to Dr. Mary Mercy. She remembered how depressed
    she was when she first disclosed to Dr. Mercy how her black husband of six
    months announced he was leaving her without any warning. He just walked and
    in told her one morning that "he was leaving her, he wanted a divorce." She
    learned later during her therapy sessions, the most likely reason she felt
    so depressed was because her husband, who at that time she thought she was
    in love with, left her for a 'white woman.'   
 Tamala felt she had suffered discrimination
    all of her years of trying to get the best education she could get, and even
    though she was a straight 'A' student during high school and college, she
    experienced the same discrimination when she applied for law school. Yet
    she never felt she harbored any special animosity toward any other race...until
    now! After the divorce she angered very easily whenever she saw a white woman
    with a black man.   
 During her therapy sessions Dr.
    Mercy made her realize that her marriage would have probably ended in divorce
    at some time anyway because, as she explained to Tamala, her then husband
    had all the characteristics of an 'alpha male.' He had a very dominant psyche.
    Dr. Mercy went on to explain that she was very certain that like herself,
    Tamala was a "matriarch', a female that possessed a very dominant psyche
    and the two dominant personalities in her marriage would have clashed sooner
    or later.   
 Tamala was looking at herself in
    the mirror on the vanity table as she brushed her hair and was thinking... "Look
    at me now, I am beautiful"... "I am the 'matriarch'... 'I am the MISTRESS
    of this house'... 'I have taken a white woman and made her my slave'... "I
    have the power to make her do anything I choose to... a pig, a whore, a dog,
    a pussy licker, an ass kisser... anything, anything',"... and she felt her
    pride building up. And this dominant pride made her nipples hard, made her
    feel a sexual tingling sensation deep in the pit of her stomach, a wetness
    deep in her vagina.   
 Tamala applied her lipstick, a
    rich rose color that made her lips come alive. She applied a little red rose
    blush on her high cheek bones and blended it perfectly with her bronze brown
    skin. A little eye liner, a little mascara, and her eyes became liquid pools
    of charcoal floating in a white background. She got up from the vanity table
    and slipped on a very sheer powder blue silk negligee. It was totally transparent,
    displaying all of her "assets" as Dr. Mary was fond of calling them. She
    slipped on a pair of black alligator open high heel shoes that had very thin
    straps criss-crossed over her insteps. They made the calves on her beautiful
    legs bulge out when she walked. She walked over to the floor length mirror,
    looked at herself again, and felt that familiar tingle in her breasts and
    vagina... "Perfect" she thought to herself.   
 The stairs to the first floor opened
    into the living room. The steps were six feet wide, and had oak hand carved
    rails running down both sides of the stairs. When Mistress Tamala appeared
    on the top platform of the steps she stopped and looked in the living room.   
 There was her white slave piglet,
    still in her 'hold position' just as she was instructed. Piglet had changed
    from her serving attire to a 'baby doll gown' that had been modified just
    for her. The changing of one type of dress to another was one of the 'standing
    orders' that she was required to follow. 'Standing orders' was a list of
    instructions that piglet followed routinely when going from one task to another
    task without the direct supervision of one of her Mistresses. This procedure
    was followed in order to not waste her Mistresses 'valuable time.'   
 The baby doll gown was a coral
    pink color, had thin straps over her shoulders and the top part was cut so
    low that it ended just under her breasts. The elastic band under her breasts
    was very tight so her breasts hung out and over the gown. The bottom part
    of the gown ended just above her crotch area leaving her stretched labia
    fully exposed. Mistress Mary nicknamed piglet's stretched vagina lips her "little
    ass" because of the way the puffed lips hung down against her thighs and
    when pressed together they did indeed give the appearance of a little ass.
    Of course, Mistress Talama also picked up on that nickname.   
 "Look at me," said Mistress Tamala
    from the top of the stairs.   
 Without a bit of hesitation piglet
    looked up. Even before Mistress Tamala told her to look up, piglet knew she
    was somewhere close by. A scent of lilac fragrance had filled the air and
    she knew that was Mistress Tamala's favorite perfume. Piglet's heart started
    to pound and her breath quickened in anticipation. Mistress Tamala started
    to walk down the stairs very slowly keeping her eyes on piglet. As her legs
    stepped down one step at a time, her hips moved up and down in perfect cadence
    and her beautiful ass swayed in rhythm. It looked like these were movements
    that she had rehearsed over and over, again and again. But these movements
    came natural to her. She looked like a Nubian Goddess descending her throne.
    As she got to the bottom of the stairs she stopped at a little table, opened
    a drawer and took out a riding crop. The riding crop was made of braided
    leather, was 3 feet long and had a loop on the grip of the handle that fitted
    around Mistress Tamala's hand to secure her grip. It was three inches in
    diameter at the handle and tapered down to a very thin and flexible end.
    As she gripped the handle, Mistress Tamala could feel a power rush surge
    through her body. "Truly," she thought, I am a queen."   
 Piglet's mind was racing with fearful
    thoughts... "God, how beautiful Mistress is"... "oh, god, how I want to kiss
    her,... taste her," but at the same time she started to shake a little because
    she saw the riding crop in Mistress Tamala's hand, the 'sign of authority,'
    and she never knew what Mistress Tamala had in store for her.   
 Mistress Tamala walked over to
    stand in front of and over the kneeling piglet. Her negligee was opened all
    the way down the front. It was transparent but the opened front added a little
    more for piglet to anticipate, Mistress Tamala reasoned to herself. Her large
    firm bronze brown breasts were visible, the large nipples standing erect.
    Her flat stomach led down to a massive amount of jet black pubic hair. Mistress
    Tamala was extremely proud of her pubic hair. It started just under her belly
    button, ran down starting in a thin line and thickening out until it reached
    her pubic mound. Then it widened out into a thick triangle, flowing outside
    of her outer vagina lips and spilling over to her thighs in curly little
    ringlets. Her thighs were thick and muscular, but without a trace of fat.   
 Piglet's eyes had followed Mistress
    Tamala all the way down the stairs. She kept her gaze on Mistress Talama's
    eyes as she approached her. But her peripheral vision also took in the whole
    view of her beautiful Mistress. Piglet's face was on the same level as Mistress
    Tamala's vagina and even though she could smell the sweet lilac fragrance
    that came from the apparently freshly showered body of Mistress Tamala, she
    could still get a faint scent of the womanly musk that was coming from her
    Mistress, somewhere buried under all those pubic ringlets. As her nostrils
    filled with the musk scent she was familiar with, her own vagina grew moist
    again with the tingling sensations of arousal.   
 "I have decided to hold a 'reflection
    session' tonight," said Mistress Tamala as she raised the riding crop as
    high as her waist. With sharp and instant flicks of her forearms, she brought
    the riding crop down on first one shoulder and then the other shoulder of
    piglet. The blows from the riding crop weren't hard enough to leave very
    deep welts, but they were hard enough to sting piglets skin and leave the "red
    marks" ... signs of her authority. "Get up and lead the way," she continued.   
 Piglet felt the sting of Mistress
    Tamala's crop and let out a little "ahhhh, ahhh," from her mouth. The blows
    weren't nearly as hard as she knew Mistress Tamala was capable of giving
    her but it was enough to make her shoulders flinch a little. "Yes ma'am," she
    answered in a subdued voice as she got up from her kneeling position.   
 Piglet headed for the door between
    the living room and the dining room that led to the basement. She walked
    three steps ahead of Mistress Tamala and Mistress Tamala watched the piglet's
    white ass sway back and forth then down the steps until they were in the
    basement.   
 The basement was divided into parts.
    It had cinder block walls and the lighting depended on what part of the basement
    you were in. The far half of the basement was partitioned off and enclosed.
    This was Dr. Mary's section and was where she had her laboratory and her
    examining room. This was the only area that had windows and they were only
    two feet in length and one foot in depth. They were also high on each wall.
    What room was left was divided in two with a fully equipped gym where Mistress
    Tamala brought piglet for her workouts, and the other half was piglet's "living
    quarters."   
 Piglet's living quarters was a
    four foot wide and six foot in length bamboo cage. The height of the cage
    was four feet, and of course, it was impossible for piglet to stand erect
    when she was inside. Dr. Mary had it built especially for piglet. The floor
    was concrete, and contained a small mattress that lay on the floor. There
    were a couple of old stainless steel bowls inside on the floor. The bowls
    were, of course, used for piglet's food when she was confined in her 'quarters.'
    She got her water from a large round clear plastic container that was hung
    upside down outside of the cage. The plastic container had an opening on
    top that was used to refill it and a hose that extended just inside one of
    the bamboo pickets. The hose had a large nipple attached to the hose end
    inside the cage that piglet would suck on to get water. However, there was
    a open/close valve outside on the bottom of the plastic container so that
    her Mistresses could control her intake of liquids. The 'bathroom facilities'
    consisted of two old coffee cans, one was lettered 'shit' and the other was
    lettered 'piss.' Dr. Mary explained to Mistress Tamala that the lettering
    of the cans was used specifically for the psychological effect it would have
    on piglet's self-esteem.   
 However, piglet now spend most
    her nights sleeping on the floor of Mistress Tamala's and Mistress Mary's
    bedroom. Her 'living quarters' were used for the first couple of years of
    her training and were now used only on occasion or whenever one of her Mistresses
    decided to put her in there.   
 "Prepare for reflection," Mistress
    Tamala said to piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet as
    she went to get a special wicker chair that Mistress Tamala sat in for this
    procedure. The back of the chair was high to give the appearance of a 'throne.'
    The chair seat was just big enough for Mistress Tamala's buttocks to fit
    on, and was low enough to give piglet an excellent view of her vagina when
    she spread her thighs. She brought it over to the front of her living quarters.
    She held the chair while Mistress Tamala sat down and then removed her baby
    doll gown. Piglet remembered that she was required to be completely naked
    at this time so she removed the silver rings from her engorged nipples. She
    knelt down in front of her Mistress, sat back so her ass was resting on her
    legs and placed her hands, palms down on her thighs.   
 "It has been six months since we
    had a reflection session and I see you remember your position," said Mistress
    Tamala. "That pleases me."   
 "Yes ma'am" answered piglet, feeling
    a little contented, at least for the moment, because she had made her Mistress
    happy.   
 "I will speak first without any
    interruption. As you are aware you will have the freedom to speak and express
    any thoughts or desires you may have during this period of time, is that
    understood?" Mistress Tamala asked.   
 "Yes ma'am," piglet replied.   
 "Well then," Mistress Tamala began, "I
    am offering you the opportunity to leave this house and to leave me and Mistress
    Mary as I always do during our reflection session. If you decide to leave,
    I will see to it that you are financially secure. You will have nothing to
    worry about for the rest of your life."   
 Piglet had heard this before at
    prior reflection sessions and she expected it. Almost immediately tears started
    to form in her eyes. Just the thought of being apart from this beautiful
    woman, a woman she had practically dedicated her life to, was enough to made
    her eyes mist up with tears. She wanted tell her Mistress that she didn't
    want to leave but she knew better then to interrupt her.   
 "I will have a car waiting for
    you in the morning and have travel arrangements completed to wherever you
    want to go," Miss Tamala continued. "You may speak now."   
 "P...please, please, Mistress Tamala, "no,
    no ... please don't send me away." Tears were coming out from the corners
    of piglet's eyes, starting to roll down her face. "I don't ever want to be
    away from you ... please ma'am, I don't even want the think of leaving ...
    I love you ... I ... I ... love you ...," piglet was sobbing, her voice breaking
    up in little whimpering cries that were coming from deep inside her very
    being.   
 Mistress Tamala did not like this
    part of a reflection session. She didn't like it because she thoroughly enjoyed
    her 'slave' and although she was confident that piglet would never accept
    her 'freedom' she didn't know what her reaction would be if, by chance, she
    ever did. But Dr. Mary told her this session was very important in a piglet's
    submissive life. First, she was truly being given the opportunity to walk
    away. Secondly, if she refused the offer, it would serve to reinforce piglet's
    status in her own mind and increase her dedication to her Mistresses.   
 Mistress Tamala looked down at
    this kneeling woman ... she looked at bleached blonde hair, the pierced nipples,
    the red marks that were still on her shoulders from the blows her riding
    crop had made. She watched the fearful tears leaking slowly from her eyes
    and dribbling down her face. For a moment she felt a little pity for her,
    even had an urge to reach down and hug her, tell her that she loved her too.
    But this little bit of compassion only lasted a brief moment. Mistress Tamala's
    hand raised high over her head. Mistress Tamala knew she could never allow
    herself to express these kinds of feelings. She was addicted to this powerful
    feeling that ran through her soul, addicted to the sexual sensations she
    felt making this white woman crawl and obey her very command and she wasn't
    about to give that up.   
 "Whaacckkk," her hand came down
    smashing into piglet's face. "You stupid bitch, I offered you a chance to
    be financially free and you don't take it," Mistress Tamala yelled at piglet.
    She leaned over piglet's kneeling body, grabbed her by the hair and pulled
    her head downward so her back was arched toward her, raised the hand that
    was holding the riding crop over her head and brought it down extremely hard. "Craaackkkkk," the
    sound of the flexible end of the riding crop striking piglet's back echoed
    through the basement. "You're a brainless white whore, you disgust me," she
    continued yelling at piglet, "why the fuck don't just get out of here."   
 Piglet was sobbing almost uncontrollably.
    Part of the tears were from the soreness of the hard slap in her face and
    part from the stinging the riding crop left on her back. "She doesn't want
    me anymore," she was thinking and deep in the pit of her stomach she felt
    worthless. "Please Mistress, pleas ...aaahhh ...please let me stay with you,
    please," she continued sobbing.   
 Mistress Tamala was getting more
    and more aroused watching piglet grovel. She looked down at the deep red
    welt rising on piglet's back. "That was a fucking good one," she thought
    as she admired the 'mark' she had just left on piglet, her dominant mind
    racing to new heights. "God damn it, sometimes I scare myself," she was thinking
    as she got hornier and hornier. She put the riding crop down and pulled piglet's
    head back up so she could look directly in her face. Then she put down the
    riding crop and with both hands she reached down and took both of piglet's
    nipples in between her thumbs and fingers of each hand. She pulled the nipples
    hard outward until they were almost further then their capacity to stretch.   
 "Aaahh, aaahhhhh," the sounds came
    from piglet's mouth as she felt the hard pull of her nipples, a mixture of
    pain and excitement. She could feel the muscles in her stomach push downward
    releasing a steady flow of her juices as the sexual sensations were taking
    their toll throughout her body. "Ooooohhhh, God," she mind was pounding, "I
    need to cum... need to cum... need to cum..."   
 Mistress Tamala looked down again
    at her bitch. She loved the look of submissive ecstasy on her bitch's face.
    The mixture of tears and the wanton smile of lust on piglet's face were making
    her own juices flow again as she felt a tingling sensation in her own pussy.
    She reached down with one hand and felt piglet's pussy. Piglet's pussy lips
    were engorged with desire and soaked. She could feel the stretched pussy
    lips pulsating, jerking, as she ran her fingers softly back and forth, teasing
    the outside pussy lips and refusing to go inside.   
 "You fucking slut," she said looking
    directly into piglet's face, "you're as wet as a rain forest. You would be
    out on the street looking for cock if I didn't take care of you ... you would
    be nothing but a filthy whore," Mistress Tamala continued, feeling her own
    excitement build as she berated piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress... yes Mistress," came
    piglet's acknowledgment.   
 Mistress Tamala's hand left piglet's
    pussy. She sat at the very edge of her chair, opened her thighs and took
    piglet's head in both of her hands. She led her head in between her dark
    and wonderfully thick thighs.   
 Piglet felt the welcome tug of
    Mistress Tamala's hands on her head. Her heart was pounding and in her mind
    she was praying that her head was going where it wanted to be. It was like
    going down a dark tunnel and heading for the proverbial light at the end
    of the tunnel. She could feel the heat of Mistress Tamala's thighs on the
    cheeks of her face as she got nearer and nearer. Mistress Tamala's musky
    scent filled her nostrils as she felt the jet black pubic hairs from her
    pussy touch her face. Then her mouth felt the pussy lips and the wetness
    of Mistress Tamala's pussy.   
 "Suck you little bastard," she
    heard the voice of her Mistress.   
 Piglet's mouth opened. She took
    the coarse pubic hairs between her lips and sucked on the vagina nectar she
    found there. The first taste of Mistress Tamala's juices sent her brain reeling.
    She let her tongue lick the outside of the pussy lips, first one side and
    then the other. Then as softly as she could she extended her tongue further
    out, went to the very bottom of the pussy lips where they met, inserted her
    tongue into Mistress Tamala's vagina and started to move slowly upward. She
    inserted her tongue so far into Mistress Tamala's pussy that her little white
    nose followed. The juices were heavy there and they flowed freely around
    piglet's nose, on her tongue and into her mouth.   
 "Play with yourself you horny bitch," came
    the next order from Mistress Tamala. "And don't you dare cum until I am finished."   
 With that last order Mistress Tamala
    pushed her hips out further. Her large brown nipples hardened even more as
    she looked down to see the bleached blonde white head between her legs. For
    one moment her mind flashed back to what Dr. Mary had told her long ago. "There
    is nothing more beautiful than seeing a white female head between dark thighs."   
 Piglet reached down with her hand
    and found her own pussy. She didn't hesitate. Instead she inserted her fingers
    between her soaking wet pussy lips. This was the first time tonight that
    she had been allowed to touch herself. First she inserted one finger, then
    another. She was tempted to go right for her clit but she was afraid that
    she wouldn't be able to control herself and she had been told not to reach
    her orgasm until she completed her duty toward her Mistress. She contended
    herself using just slow in and out motions of her fingers.   
 Meanwhile she was continuing her
    journey into her Mistress's love nest. As her tongue and nose moved upward
    between the pussy lips she tasted the wet softness of the inside vagina lips,
    and soon she reached the top of the slit. Mistress Tamala had an extraordinary
    large clit. Piglet had been here many times before and she knew right where
    it was. With her nose she softy pushed aside the hood covering her Mistress's
    clit, took the erect clit between her lips and sucked on it like it was the
    nipple of a baby's bottle. She heard the gasps of pleasure coming from her
    Mistress's mouth and she knew she was giving her the ultimate sexual high.
    As she felt her Mistress's hips push forward and her hands pull harder on
    the back of her head she knew it wouldn't be long.   
 "Yes, yes ... oh yesssss, you little
    fucker," she heard the excited voice of Mistress Tamala, "don't suck too
    hard ... softer ... softer ... yes, ooooohhh, yes," the voice came from high
    about her head.   
 Piglet's nose, lips and even her
    face was almost completely covered with the juices of her Mistress. She could
    feel the thick mass of black pubic hairs on the cheeks of her face and her
    whole head seemed to be joined together with Mistress's Tamala pussy. Then
    she heard the almost screaming voice above her.   
 "That's it ... that's it ... yes,
    ooooohhh, aaahhhhh, I'm cumming ... I'm cumming," came Mistress's Tamala
    voice. Piglet felt the final buck of her Mistress' hips, the circular gyrating,
    the vaginal contractions and then the total release. It was as though the
    whole world came to a temporary halt. She tasted the flood of pussy juices
    shooting forward, and like a hungry little puppy she lapped at the juices
    to get as much as she could in her mouth, over her tongue and down her throat.
    Then the hips began to relax, and the gyrations slowed down to almost a complete
    stop. Still piglet stayed where she was. Her tongue now slowly brought her
    Mistress down from her emotional high, just the way she was trained. "Yes," she
    was thinking to herself, "this is where I belong ... this is my heaven."   
 "You may release yourself now," she
    heard the soft, sultry and relaxed voice of Mistress Tamala.   
 "Thank you Mistress Tamala," piglet's
    barely audible muffled voice replied. It didn't take long. Piglet had been
    so sexually aroused all night that she went right for her own clit. There
    was no 'hood'. That had been cut away by Dr. Mary long ago as part of her
    'sexual renovations' as Dr. Mary had told her the procedure was. Of course
    Dr. Mary and Mistress Tamala knew the real reason for this procedure of stretching
    piglet's vagina lips and cutting away the covering of her clit. It was to
    keep her in a constant state of sexual arousal. She was much more pliable,
    easier to control and much more obedient when she was in this state of mind.   
 Piglet worked her own fingers in
    and out of her vagina opening, rubbing on the clit and it was only an instant
    before her whole body convulsed in a mass of jerking and grinding motions. "Aaaahhhh,
    aaahhhhh," she was moaning as she was moving her hips in cadence with her
    fingers. And then the release that she longed for so much came. Her whole
    body collapsed, down it went until her face, now pulled back from her Mistress's
    vagina, fell to her Mistress's high heeled feet. She kept one hand on her
    own pussy, bring herself slowly down and with the one arm she hugged Mistress
    Tamala ankles, kissed her insteps, worked her way down her beautiful bronze
    brown feet until she kissed and lightly lapped her tongue across the polished
    toes.   
 "Good girl ... good girl," she
    heard her Mistress say as she felt her hand stroking and petting her head
    back and forth like a good little pet.   
 Piglet was happy; she had pleased
    her Mistress and in turn had pleased herself. She had earned a 'good girl'
    from Mistress Tamala, the ultimate praise for the 'submissive Ann'. "This
    is where I belong," she was thinking. "I hope I never have to leave here."   
 "You will be sleeping in the bedroom
    tonight on the floor. And because I am satisfied with your obedience tonight
    you will be sleeping on the floor on my side of the bed," Mistress Tamala
    told piglet. "Now go get your bathroom utensils and follow me."   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet. She
    went into her living quarters and picked up the cans marked 'shit' and 'piss.'
    While piglet was getting her 'bathroom utensils,' Mistress Tamala walked
    back to Dr. Mary's medical room and returned with a glass of water and a
    few pills.   
 "Here, take these," Mistress Tamala
    told piglet.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet.   
 The pills Mistress Tamala gave
    piglet were a multiple vitamin and a mild antibiotic that Dr. Mary had prescribed
    for her. The vitamin was for any deficiency in her diet and the antibiotic
    was for the body fluids she had ingested. Of course, piglet was never told
    anything about the pills, or what they were for. She was totally obedient
    and would never even think of asking questions about anything that did not
    concern her Mistress's happiness. During her training she had been told that
    'anything that comes from her Mistresses bodies was good for her and she
    should always consider herself very fortunate to be able to taste the essence
    of her Mistresses'. And, indeed she did consider herself fortunate!   
 As Mistress led piglet up to her
    bedroom, she was looking at the little red stripes just beginning to fade
    on piglet's shoulders. The red welt on her back was still very visible. She
    knew piglet would be feeling the one on her back for a long time yet. When
    they got to the Mistress's Tamala's bedroom and she got in bed, she made
    piglet lie on the floor on her side of the bed as she told her she would.
    She looked down at piglet's face and saw her pussy juices still smeared all
    over piglet's face. "Lie on your back all night, and don't you dare remove
    my juices from your face. I want you to taste me all night. Understand?"   
 "Yes ma'am," answered piglet.   
 As Mistress was falling asleep
    she was thinking of tomorrow. "God dam it," she was thinking, "I may soon
    have two of these white bitches to play with. Oh shit, this is going to be
    fun."   
 __________________________________________   
 Somewhere in the distance Lynn
    could hear a noise, a bell ringing ... it was constant ... seemed like every
    few seconds. "It must be a dream," Lynn thought. "Oh damn, it's the phone," she
    realized as she reached over in the dark to get the phone on the night stand
    in her motel room.   
 "Hello, hello ... Lynn, Lynn," the
    male voice on the phone repeated over and over.   
 "Hellooo, helloooooo," Lynn answered
    in a sleepy voice as she struggled to wake up.   
 "Lynn, this is David ... Lynn,
    are you alright?" the male voice sounding somewhat worried said again.   
 "David? ... oh, David," Lynn said
    realizing it was her fianc&eacute;. "Oh God, I forgot to call you."   
 "Yeah, yeah ... I know. Is something
    wrong? Where were you? I've try to call you a couple of times and no one
    answered. Are you alright?" Dave again in a worried voice inquired.   
 "Yes, I'm alright, yeah ... I must
    have fallen asleep. What time is it?" Lynn asked.   
 "It's midnight here on the West
    Coast. Let's see ... it's 3 a.m. where you are. What happened? How did the
    interview go?" David was asking questions in a hurried manner.   
 "Oh ... the interview ... I don't
    know ... I ... I'm not sure ... I think ... I think OK, I guess ... I'm not
    sure," Lynn answered as she was still struggling to wake up and remember
    the interview from the previous day.   
 "What do you mean you don't know?
    Lynn ... Lynn are you sure you're alright?" David asked again.   
 "David, please ... give me some
    time to think. I am suppose to go back for orientation today ... I think
    anyway," Lynn said as she was gathering her thoughts. "I had a headache," Lynn
    lied, recalling masturbating in the shower before she fell asleep. "I fell
    asleep around seven and I must have slept until now. David, my boss is an
    African American woman."   
 "Oh, is that right? Well that is
    surprising. Of course we knew from her biography that the owner of the business
    was a woman. I'm just surprised that someone that successful would be African
    American. But hey, we are in the twenty-first century. You know ... equal
    rights and all. Is she nice?" David finished his end of the conversation.   
 "Yeah ... yeah, she is nice. But
    ... but ... David, I am not sure if I want this internship yet," Lynn said
    again remembering some of the particulars of the interview.   
 "Geez, Lynn ... what do you mean,
    that's a great opportunity. If you get this internship a lot of doors will
    open for you. Not even mentioning the credits you will earn for next year's
    semester," David replied.   
 "Yeah ... yeah, I know ... I know
    ... listen David, let me call you back later today. I am not awake yet. Maybe
    I can get a couple more hours sleep and I'll feel better. I'll call you tonight,
    OK?" Lynn said.   
 "Yeah, yeah ... sure. I'm sorry
    I woke you up. I was just worried when I didn't hear from you. Listen Lynn
    ... while I have you on the phone. I bumped into Pastor Grayson today and
    he wanted to know if you planned to lead the youth group this year," David
    said.   
 "Geez, the youth group. I don't
    know ... I guess so ... David, tell him I am still trying to work out my
    schedule ... you know, I'm just not in a position to know what is really
    going on. Just tell him I think so," answered Lynn.   
 "OK, OK, Lynn ... try to get some
    sleep. Don't forget to call me tonight. Don't make me worry about you, please.
    I love you," David said.   
 "Thanks, yes David, I love you
    too. I'll call as soon as I get a chance ... bye, bye," Lynn said as she
    hung up the phone.   
 After Lynn hung up the phone she
    turned the light on and got out of bed to go to the bathroom. As she was
    walking toward the bathroom she noticed how she left the room before falling
    asleep. Her skirt was thrown over a chair, her blouse was on the floor and
    her high heel shoes were scattered, one by the foot of the bed and the other
    almost on the other side of the room. As she walked into the bathroom her
    panties were on the floor and her bra was hanging on the door knob. The towel
    she had used to dry off was still just thrown over in the corner. As she
    was sitting on the toilet she looked over to the shower and remembered masturbating. "God," she
    started thinking, "I haven't masturbated in so long. What the heck got into
    me?"   
 After Lynn finished using the toilet
    she walked back over to the bed picking up her clothes as she went. She sat
    on the edge of the bed and looked at her wrist watch. It was now 3:30 a.m. "Boy," she
    thought, "I didn't even eat any dinner. I just fell asleep."   
 As Lynn was becoming more alert,
    her mind started to drift back to yesterday's interview with Ms. Barker. "Did
    I really do those things yesterday?" she was thinking. "Do I really want
    to go back for orientation today? Maybe I would be wiser not to show up ...
    just to pack up and go back home."   
 Lynn lay back down on the bed but
    her mind was still going a mile a minute. She was confused. She had counted
    on this internship so much. She had researched the company that Ms. Barker
    owned and was really impressed by the results of that research. According
    to that information, Ms. Barker had started this business after a stint with
    the U.S. Government as a 'project overview attorney,' recognized the business
    opportunity it could present and started her business as a private contractor
    conducting the same research and was making a very nice profit. Plus, in
    this partnership with Dr. Mary, she was on the brink of becoming a very wealthy
    woman.   
 "No wonder she is so successful," Lynn
    started to think again, "she certainly was very intimidating. She probably
    was a very tough person to work for." Then Lynn started to think about Ann. "Why
    would Ann work there if there was anything wrong. Maybe I just have the wrong
    impression."   
 Lynn decided to close her eyes
    and get a little more sleep. Her mind drifted again to the vision of Ms.
    Tamala Barker. She had never met anyone like her. "Geez," Lynn thought, "I'm
    certainly not a virgin. I have only been with one other guy and that was
    before I met David. And even that was brief. But another woman ... heck I
    never even thought about it. I just am not attracted to women sexually."   
 She tossed and turned in bed again
    and again but the thoughts just wouldn't allow her to fall asleep. She was
    now thinking of her hand. "God, I let her lead my hand under her skirt ...
    I felt her pubic hairs ... I felt her heat." As Lynn was thinking she was
    feeling the same arousal she felt last night in the shower. "God, I even
    tasted her ... her ... on my fingers ... oh, God, there must be something
    wrong with me."   
 "That's it," she said to herself, "I
    don't want this internship. I'm not going back for any kind of orientation.
    I'm going home."   
 Just as Lynn had made up her mind,
    the phone rang again.   
 "David?" Lynn answered on the third
    ring.   
 "David ... no ... no," replied
    the female voice on the other end of the line. "Lynn ... this is Ann."   
 "Oh Ann," answered Lynn looking
    at her wrist watch. It was 5:30 a.m.   
 "Lynn, I just wanted to tell you
    not to eat breakfast. Ms. Barker has breakfast here for us," said Ann.   
 "Breakfast ... Oh Ann, are you
    at work now," asked Lynn   
 "No, no ... I am just getting ready
    to leave in a little while. I just wanted to tell you about breakfast. Ms.
    Barker takes care of everything for her employees. Lynn, I am so glad your
    interview went well yesterday," Ann said in a happy voice.   
 Lynn was looking for a way to tell
    Ann she decided against taking the internship but even though she only met
    Ann briefly yesterday, she kind of liked her. Besides, Ann wasn't giving
    her much time to talk.   
 "Ann ... Ann ... ah ... ah ...
    I ...I don't think I'm ..." Lynn was interrupted again.   
 "Lynn, listen, I have to hurry.
    I still have to get in the shower. See you in a little while," Ann said in
    a hurried voice as she hung up the phone.   
 "Ann ... damn it ... Ann," Lynn
    tried to talk to Ann but she had already hung up.   
 Lynn put the phone down. As she
    got up from the bed to sort out the clothing that she would wear today, she
    thought, "OK, I came half way across the country for this internship. I will
    give it one more day and see how the orientation goes. If anything else strange
    happens that I don't like it, I'll just pack my bags and leave."   
 As Lynn was picking out an assortment
    of the clothing she would be wearing this day, she found herself unconsciously
    looking for something that would make her attractive to Ms. Barker. And the
    thoughts of making herself attractive to Ms. Barker were causing the same
    sexual tingling sensations in her loins ... and she felt a little guilty
    about it.   
 __________   
(Authors Note: To be continued.
    I would appreciate any feedback.)   
Chapter VI----Lynn Completes Her
    Orientation   
 It was a beautiful early spring
    morning. The sun was up and Lynn was in a taxi on her way to 'orientation.'
    As she sat in the back seat of the taxi, she was having second thoughts. "Am
    I doing the right thing," she was wondering to herself. "Why am I going back
    here ... is it for the internship or ...?" She took out a mirror from her
    purse, checked her makeup, and looked at her shoulder length brown hair. "Everything
    looks good," she thought.   
 Lynn rested her head back on the
    car seat and closed her eyes. She was still a little tired even though she
    had slept for a good eight hours. "But she was up early," she thought to
    herself. "Why am I so concerned about the way I look," she was thinking again,
    trying to justify why she decided against wearing one of her business type
    suits. Instead, she had decided on wearing a dark brown skirt, a beige polyester
    blouse that really clung to her breasts, and clearly outlined their shape
    and size as they rose to their peaks. The blouse had small dark brown buttons
    down the front. The first button was down low from the collar and it did
    tend to show a lot of cleavage. "This isn't something I would wear to class," she
    was thinking again. "Why am I wearing it now?" Lynn's mind was working rapidly.
    She was trying to find some justification for everything, yet, somewhere
    deep inside she knew the reason she had dressed a little more 'daring' today.
    She wanted to impress Ms. Barker ... a very little bit of her submissive
    personality was exposing itself. She wanted to please Ms. Barker.   
 "Here we are ma'am," the taxi driver
    disrupted her thoughts.   
 "Oh, thank you," Lynn answered.   
 It only took a few minutes for
    Lynn to be let in through the front door. She walked down the long hallway
    and soon was before the door to Ann's reception area, and, of course, Ms.
    Tamala's office. Her legs felt a little weak and she was a little nervous
    just before she knocked on the door.   
 "Come in," she heard Ann's familiar
    voice.   
 When Ann opened the door she stopped
    dead in her tracks. What she saw was a completely different Ann than she
    saw yesterday. Ann was dressed in a very short skirt, very tight blouse,
    and high heel shoes. The high heel shoes weren't as noticeable as yesterday's
    because the heels weren't quite as high. But it was Ann's makeup that made
    Lynn take a second look. Yesterday her makeup was somewhat conservatively
    applied. She looked pretty but in a soft sort of way. Today her makeup was
    what Lynn considered 'bold.' The rouge on her cheeks was heavily applied.
    The lipstick was a bright red to match the color of the rouge and that too
    was heavy. Her bleached blonde hair, while neatly combed, was thick with
    hair spray. Lynn tried to decide what Ann looked like, a child's doll ...
    or, even though she hated to be thinking it ... a whore!   
 "Good morning Lynn," Ann greeted
    Lynn.   
 "Good morning," answered Lynn. "Wow,
    what happened to you?"   
 "What? Oh, you mean the different
    dress?" Ann replied.   
 "Yes, and the make up," Lynn answered,
    the surprise evident by the tone of her voice.   
 "Oh well, Mistress ... I mean Miss
    Tamala sends me out on a special assignment once in a while," Ann said, a
    little upset with herself for the slip of her tongue. "Here," Ann continued
    hoping Lynn hadn't picked up on the 'Mistress' she let slip, "breakfast is
    ready. Miss Tamala would like us to have these energy bars and coffee for
    breakfast. Let's see, you like your coffee black, right?"   
 "Boy, I was more in the mood for
    some bacon and eggs this morning," Lynn replied. "Does Ms. Barker always
    buy breakfast for us?"   
 "Lynn, I hope you don't think I
    am being too intrusive, but I think you should be very careful on how you
    address Miss Tamala. Miss Tamala insists on being addressed as 'Miss Tamala'
    at all times even when Miss Tamala is not in our presence as a sigh of our
    respect for her. If you get used to it now, you will be less likely to get
    on the wrong side of Miss Tamala," Ann told Lynn in a serious tone of voice.   
 Lynn looked at Ann with a surprised
    look on her face. "No, no," I am glad for all the help you can give me," Lynn
    replied. Lynn had in fact noticed how Ann always used the words 'Miss Tamala'
    when referring to Ms. Barker but she didn't feel comfortable enough to ask
    about it. She never seemed to refer to her as "she.' "Well, now she knew," Lynn
    thought, "she certainly didn't want to break any rules.   
 "As far as breakfast, yes, Miss
    Tamala prefers her employees to be in the best of health and fully energized
    when the work day begins," Ann was explaining to Lynn. "Miss Tamala insists
    on taking the responsibility of ordering our breakfast for us."   
 As Ann was answering Lynn's question
    she was carrying over a tray with Lynn's breakfast. There were two energy
    bars on the tray and a large cup of black coffee. Ann had already put the
    aphrodisiac pellets in Lynn's coffee. Miss Tamala had told Ann to put two
    'favor pellets' in Lynn's coffee this morning instead of the one she put
    in yesterday. Ann didn't know the 'favor pellets' were really an aphrodisiac.
    She didn't have any idea what they were or what they were for. But then,
    Ann was always obedient to her Mistress and she had learned a long time ago
    during her training that when she was issued a directive she was never to
    question her Mistresses.   
 "Is Ms. Bar ... ah ... Miss Tamala
    in her office yet?" Lynn asked correcting herself.   
 "No, today is Friday and it is
    Miss Tamala's morning workout day. Miss Tamala meets her trainer at the health
    club today and then afterwards Miss Tamala has an appointment at the beauty
    salon. Miss Tamala also has an early business appointment this morning so
    Miss Tamala will be a few hours yet," answered Ann. "But Miss Tamala gave
    me instructions for your introduction to our company and if we have the time,
    I can also show you what some of your duties will consist of. We can get
    started right after breakfast."   
 "How long are you working here
    Ann?" inquired Lynn.   
 "Well, I started as an intern just
    like you five years ago," Ann answered. "But I really began training for
    my 'position' four years ago."   
 "I see," Lynn replied, "is your
    family from this area?"   
 "No, no, I was married when I was
    granted the internship by Miss Tamala, but I am divorced now," Ann said.   
 "Oh, I'm sorry your marriage didn't
    work out," Lynn replied.   
 "Well, it's something I am not
    too comfortable talking about," Ann answered. "But you better finish your
    breakfast so we can get your introduction to our company completed before
    Miss Tamala comes in.   
 Lynn didn't push the conversation
    any further since Ann cut it off at that point. "Besides, I don't want to
    be pushy," Lynn thought.   
 As soon as breakfast was over,
    Ann came back to Lynn and handed her a workbook. She told Lynn that Miss
    Tamala wanted her to have a good working knowledge of what our company was
    all about. To do this, Miss Tamala wanted Lynn to watch a video about the
    company, its origins and plans for future growth. All this seemed to make
    sense to Lynn and Ann had a way of making her feel a lot more comfortable
    than she was just before she came in the reception area.   
 "I guess I just blew all that stuff
    that happened yesterday at my interview way out of proportion," Lynn thought
    to herself. She still wasn't aware that Ann knew exactly what happened yesterday
    because she was listening on the intercom.   
 "OK Lynn," Ann said, "let me show
    you where our video room is."   
 Ann led Lynn to a very small room
    off to the side of the reception area. The room only measured three feet
    by six feet. A very large video screen covered most of the far wall. It had
    a small table and two small chairs on one end of the room and gave the appearance
    of looking down a narrow mini theatre at this very large video screen. Dr.
    Mary had devised this room after doing a lot of research to evaluate its
    effectiveness. Now that it was perfected to her satisfaction, she and Miss
    Tamala referred to this room as the 'tee-up room.' This was the room where
    their 'project' or 'projects' were first exposed to subliminal messages.   
 "Wow," Lynn exclaimed, "that is
    some television."   
 "Yes it is," Ann answered. It measures
    eighty inches by eighty inches and was specially made for Miss Tamala. Miss
    Tamala wants anyone who is introduced to our company to feel like they are
    part of it. The picture that this television generates is so large and clear
    you will almost feel as though you are part of each scene."   
 "Boy, she ... I mean ... ah ...
    Miss Tamala goes first class, doesn't she ... ah ... Miss Tamala," Lynn said
    referring to the video room. She was having a difficult time remembering
    to use 'Miss Tamala' instead 'she' in her conversation with Ann.   
 "Now," Ann started to explain to
    Lynn, "I am going to start the presentation and you will notice there are
    little pauses in between the video clips. This is sort of a test to see how
    perceptive you are. When there is a pause in the video clip, I will read
    you a phase from your workbook and you're to fill in the blank or blanks
    with the first word or words that come to your mind."   
 "OK, I think I understand," answered
    Lynn while thinking how much she disliked tests.   
 Ann turned the lights off in the
    room and started the video. Then she sat next to Lynn on one of the two chairs.
    The workbook was on the table in front of them. The light from the screen
    was bright on Lynn's face as the first video clip lit up the screen. Soft
    mood music that was specifically designed to fit appropriately in conjunction
    with each video clip filled the room from the surround sound speakers that
    was part of the video system. Then words filled the screen: 'The Barker and
    Mercy Company presenting its founder Ms. Tamala Barker.'   
 This video clip featured pictures
    of a very young Tamala in high school. It highlighted her achievements, the
    awards she had received, and ended up with a very large photograph of her
    graduating grades on the screen. The final report card listed a 4.0 grade
    point average. Then the screen went blank with just a very large 'still'
    picture of Miss Tamala.   
 "All right Lynn," Ann said, "I
    am going to read a phase to you and you give me the first word that comes
    to your mind to fill in the blank. "Miss Tamala is very ..."   
 "Smart!" Lynn answered immediately.   
 "Correct," answered Ann. "Now fill
    in that blank in your workbook."   
 Lynn found the phase in her workbook
    and wrote in the word 'smart.'   
 The large television screen started
    up again and featured a little older Tamala in college. This time the video
    clip not only illustrated the many awards for academic achievement Tamala
    had received but ended up showing a full photograph of Tamala in a bathing
    suit receiving a very large gold trophy she had received in a beauty pageant.
    The screen paused.   
 "OK," Ann started to read the next
    phase, "Miss Tamala is very ..." 
"Beautiful," Lynn immediately answered again.   
 "Correct," answered Ann. "Go ahead
    and put it in your workbook."   
 Lynn again wrote in the word 'beautiful'
    in the blank space.   
 After forty-five minutes of video
    clips and pauses, filling in blanks with complimentary words and descriptions
    of Tamala, Lynn was beginning to feel the effects of the aphrodisiac. It
    appeared as though every time she would write down a complimentary word she
    could feel a little awakening at the apex of her legs. The longer it went,
    the more her mind was concentrating on Miss Tamala. And more than anything
    else she wanted to fill in the workbook correctly so she would pass this
    test of perception to impress her.   
 After a while of illustrating the
    beginnings of the company and the company's plans for the future, the presentation
    was starting to wind down. Each video clip ended just before the pause with
    some personal information about Miss Tamala.   
 It was time to see just how much
    'admiration' for Miss Tamala Lynn's mind had absorbed. This is the way Dr.
    Mary had designed this subliminal program. It started out with light nonchalant
    questions and as time went on the questions got bolder and, of course, required
    bolder answers.   
 The video clip on the screen changed
    to a full photograph of Miss Tamala's breasts. When Ann told Lynn to fill
    in the blank space at the pause, Lynn wrote: 'Miss Tamala has beautiful'
    ... 'breasts.'   
 Another full still picture of Miss
    Tamala's buttocks, another blank to fill in and Lynn wrote: 'Miss Tamala
    has a beautiful'... 'ass.' Both Ann and Lynn giggled at the use of the word
    'ass.' Lynn wasn't used to describing a person's body using these 'slang'
    words and she felt a little evil filling in this blank. But she just brushed
    it off as a little girl to girl silliness.   
 It went on and on, 'Miss Talama
    has beautiful eyes, beautiful lips, beautiful legs, beautiful feet ...' All
    the while Lynn could feel more and more of the sexual sensations building
    in her very core. She was thinking of yesterday and swore she could still
    taste Miss Tamala pussy juices. She could feel the swelling in her breasts
    as her nipples were beginning to awaken.   
 Dr. Mary had instructed Miss Talama
    on the use of this system of planting subliminal messages. She told Miss
    Tamala that by having their 'project' think of these complimentary descriptive
    words for Miss Tamala and then writing them down in her own hand writing
    she would be reinforcing her feelings of admiration, respect and even desire
    in her mind for Miss Tamala. And, with the help of the aphrodisiac, she would
    be relating all of these emotions to the sexual stimulations she was feeling.
    Once she was 'properly teed-up' it would be up to Miss Tamala to take advantage
    of her submissive personality. "It won't be too long," Dr. Mary explained
    to Miss Tamala, "before you will have complete control of the bitch's will
    power and her ability to resist your wishes."   
 After an hour the video stopped.
    Ann leaned over the table and said: "Lynn, you did really well. I think Miss
    Tamala will be pleased with you when she reviews your workbook." She leaned
    over closer to Lynn, her mouth only six inches from Lynn's mouth and stopped.
    Lynn looked at Ann's red lips, the 'educated' lips, the lips that knew how
    to suck a pussy, and kiss an ass. For a minute Lynn felt an involuntary compulsive
    urge go through her. Yielding to that urge she leaned over the other six
    inches to meet Ann's lips. Ann's lips felt soft and warm on Lynn's yet 'uneducated'
    lips. It was a female to female kiss, a new sensation, and it felt entirely
    different than David's kiss she thought.   
 "It was just a friendly kiss," Lynn
    thought trying not to feel guilty about her first kiss with someone of the
    same sex. But Lynn was still somewhat aroused from the video session and
    she couldn't deny the excited feelings that the softness of female lips upon
    female lips were creating within her very core. Ann seemed take the kiss
    in stride so Lynn didn't linger with her thoughts too long.   
 As they came out of the video room,
    Ann heard the familiar click of someone pushing the locking release mechanism
    at the front door. "Miss Tamala is here," she said and almost ran down the
    hallway to open the door.   
 Lynn waited in the reception area
    and in a few moments she heard the tapping of high heel shoes coming down
    the hallway. The reception door opened and Ann was the first one to appear.
    Her one hand was holding Miss Tamala's briefcase and purse. Her other was
    hand holding a steaming cup of coffee in a plastic cup. Because her hands
    were full, Ann had to lean against the door to hold it open for Miss Tamala.   
 When Miss Tamala came through the
    door, Lynn wasn't prepared for what she saw. For the second time today she
    stood in awe.   
 Miss Tamala looked so different
    than yesterday. Her jet black hair was pulled back and ended up in a bun
    on the back of her head. It was obvious she had just had a facial because
    her bronze skin had a fresh glow to it. Yesterday she had a little eye makeup
    on but today her eyes were perfectly made up. She had a little violet eye
    shadow that matched the violet blush on her high cheek bones. Her full lips
    looked like a delicious cream had been applied to them. She wore a soft black
    leather vest with silver buttons down the front. A white silk blouse completed
    the top part of the ensemble. The blouse had a very low cut and showed a
    lot of rich brown cleavage.   
 But the bottom part of the ensemble
    was the 'attention getter.' The skirt she wore was also made of soft black
    leather but unlike yesterday it didn't come above her knees. Instead it was
    two inches below her knees and had a slit running up her leg to the top of
    her thigh. She wore a soft black leather pair of open toed shoes with four
    inch heels. The calves of her magnificent legs were clearly on display through
    sheer nylon stockings. Her heavy thighs were playing a little game of peek-a-boo
    through the slit in her skirt.   
 It was apparent to Lynn that the
    atmosphere in the room had completely changed as soon as Miss Tamala entered
    the reception area. It had changed from a somewhat informal friendly atmosphere
    when Lynn and Ann were alone to a very intimidating atmosphere as soon as
    Miss Tamala was present.   
 "Good morning Miss Tamala," Lynn
    said in a very humble voice, her face blushing a little. She was now face
    to face with Miss Tamala again. She was recalling where her fingers were
    yesterday ... she was remembering the wetness of her pussy ... the video
    that she had just viewed was flashing through her mind ... "smart, beautiful,
    beautiful breasts, lips, ass, feet ..."   
 Miss Tamala didn't acknowledge
    her good morning greeting. "Why should she?" she thought. "This little white
    bitch is back. That could only mean one thing." Instead her dominant mind
    continued sizing Lynn up. "The little fucker is nervous," her mind was working
    again. "The 'hunt' is over; the 'capture' is beginning. I swear, before this
    day is done I will have that pretty white head between my legs." With these
    last thoughts going through her mind she could feel the first signs of moisture
    in her pussy. "Careful Tamala", she told herself, "I still have a way to
    go before I have her."   
 "So I take it you are back for
    orientation," Miss Tamala said in a matter of fact tone of voice.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," Lynn answered.   
 "Good," Miss Tamala said. "I think
    you have the talent we are looking for."   
 Lynn watched as Ann went in front
    of Miss Tamala and started to unbutton the silver buttons on the front of
    her black leather vest.   
 "Don't let your fingers touch anything
    but the buttons," Miss Tamala said in a demanding voice to Ann. The abrupt
    change of voice made Lynn tremble a little as she watched mesmerized by the
    scene taking place in front of her. It seemed to Lynn that Ann was acting
    more like a maid than a receptionist.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered the obedient
    Ann.   
 After Ann had unbuttoned the vest
    she walked behind Miss Tamala and very carefully removed the garment. Miss
    Tamala had stretched her arms out for Ann to make it easier for the vest
    to slip off her shoulders. As the vest slipped off her shoulders, her white
    silk blouse came into view. The movement of her arms out to the side of her
    body made the front of the blouse pull backward and it seemed as though her
    large firm breasts were going to tear right through the flimsy material.
    Her black bra was clearly visible through the almost transparent blouse and
    it appeared as though the bra could just about retain those beautiful bronze
    breasts.   
 Lynn was blushing even more now.
    Her gaze was on the valley between Miss Tamala's breasts and she felt like
    she was looking somewhere she shouldn't be looking.   
 Miss Tamala was watching Lynn's
    eyes and where they were looking. She smiled a little, knowing the effect
    she was having on Lynn. "Little bitch likes my boobs," she was thinking to
    herself. "Looks like our little 'tee-up' room did its job too."   
 Then she turned toward Ann and
    said: "Go put the car in the parking garage," again in a stern voice as though
    she had very little respect for her.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered Ann as she
    hurried out of the reception room door.   
 "Miss Langley, get my briefcase,
    purse and coffee and come with me," Miss Tamala said. "And bring your workbook
    too."   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," Lynn answered
    as she walked over to do as she was instructed.   
 When Lynn picked up the briefcase
    she was surprised how heavy it was. But she managed to get the briefcase
    and purse in one hand, and tucked her workbook under her other arm. When
    she went to pick up the large plastic coffee cup with her free hand, she
    found it was very hot. She immediately put it back down.   
 "Now what?" Miss Tamala said in
    a very impatient voice.   
 "I ... it ... it's ...," Lynn was
    stuttering, the fear apparent in her voice. For some reason that Lynn really
    didn't understand she was afraid to upset Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala was pleased with the
    effect she was having on Lynn. She watched the exasperated expression on
    Lynn's pretty face for a while. "Yes," she was thinking, "it's so much fun
    watching this beautiful white bitch's will power to resist crumbling before
    my very eyes." That dominant feeling was causing a little pulsating quiver
    in Miss Tamala's loins.   
 "Pick it up, what are you a sissy",
    Miss Tamala berated Lynn. "Ann didn't have any trouble with it."   
 Lynn didn't bother to reply. She
    just picked up the hot coffee cup, got a good grip on it and tried to make
    her way to Miss Tamala's office door. The palm of her hand and her fingers
    wrapped around the hot coffee cup were burning and her facial expression
    showed it. When she got to the office door she stopped. She had the heavy
    briefcase and purse in one hand, her workbook tucked under her arm squeezed
    against her body and the hot coffee cup in the same hand and she was waiting
    ... waiting for what? For the empty handed Miss Tamala to open the door?   
 Miss Tamala had stopped too. She
    looked at Lynn standing there with her hands full, watched the steam rising
    up from the hot coffee cup in her reddening hand and saw the grimace of pain
    on Lynn's face. "Let the little white bitch suffer for a while," she was
    thinking, "she has to learn to suffer and sacrifice for me."   
 It seemed like an eternity that
    Lynn stood in front of Miss Tamala's office door but, of course, it was only
    a few minutes. Miss Tamala was only least 8 inches taller then Lynn. But
    in Lynn's present state of mind, she seemed like a giant. Lynn made the mistake
    of looking into the eyes of Miss Tamala. The soft brown eyes of Lynn met
    the penetrating black eyes of Miss Tamala and a feeling of inferiority swept
    through her.   
 "No manners either huh," Miss Tamala
    finally spoke. "A sissy, no manners ... what the hell do they teach you people
    in college anymore. Put something down and open the door for me."   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn.
    Lynn looked for some place to put the hot coffee down. She was away from
    Ann's desk and there wasn't any object close by to put the coffee cup on.
    She was fearful that she was making Miss Tamala upset by making her wait. "Damn,
    how can I be so stupid," she was thinking. "I wanted so much to impress her
    and I am making a mess out of everything I do,"... her self esteem was slowly
    draining from her mind. Finally she reached down and put the hot coffee cup
    on the floor. A little 'aahhh' came from her mouth as she let go of the hot
    cup and felt the cool air on her hand. Her hand was a deep red by now and
    it was even more painful when she turned the handle to the office door. After
    the office door was opened and she started to bend down to the floor to pick
    up the coffee cup she had just put there, she heard Miss Tamala's voice again.   
 "Take your damn shoes off whenever
    you are in my office. I don't want your shoes marking up my hardwood floors," Miss
    Tamala told Lynn.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn
    as she took her shoes off, picked up the hot coffee cup, her hand stinging
    more than ever and followed Miss Tamala into her office. Immediately the
    smell of the highly polished oak sided office filled her nostrils. She watched
    the beautiful and shapely ass of Miss Tamala swaying back and forth as she
    made her way over to her desk. She could see the muscles of the calves of
    her legs bulge out when she put the weight of her body on one of her high
    heeled shoes ... then the other. And she heard the 'click', 'click' of Miss
    Tamala's high heels as she walked on the shiny hardwood floor ... the same
    hardwood floor that she was not allowed to walk on with shoes. Another little
    seed of unworthiness was planted in Lynn's mind ... 'Miss Tamala is superior
    to me.'   
 Miss Tamala looked over her shoulder
    just once to see this beautiful white bitch following her without any shoes
    on, struggling to carry all her things, her hot cup of coffee burning her
    hand and she was pleased with the progress she was making in completely dominating
    Lynn. She couldn't help herself now; her juices were building up in her pussy. "I
    can't wait too damn long," she was saying to herself, "this fucking bitch
    is making me hot."   
 "Put my briefcase, purse, your
    workbook and coffee on my desk. Be sure to put the coffee on the coaster.
    I never want to see anything out of order on my desk. Do you understand?" Miss
    Tamala said in a very stern voice while looking directly into Lynn's eyes.   
 "Yes Miss Talama," answered Lynn.   
 Lynn had put the briefcase, purse,
    and workbook down but when she went to put the hot coffee cup on the coaster
    she was having some difficulty. The hot cup was stinging her hand so much
    that her hand was shaking. To make matters worst, the coaster was just a
    little smaller than the plastic coffee cup and she was terrified that it
    wouldn't fit on it. "It might leave a mark on Miss Tamala's desk," she was
    thinking, "and Miss Tamala might be upset with me."   
 Once again Miss Tamala watched
    with amusement how the nervous Lynn was trying so hard not to do anything
    that would upset her. She had purposely put the undersized coaster on her
    desk knowing it would be difficult to make the coffee cup fit on it. Miss
    Tamala had a knowing smile on her face. "It is even more amusing when the
    cup is hot," she thought.   
 Lynn finally managed to get the
    hot cup on the coaster. Then she turned to face Miss Tamala. She was visibly
    shaking now, especially her reddened hand. But Miss Tamala could also see
    her whole body quiver with little telltale signs of nervousness every once
    in a while and she was enjoying it. Her dominant mind was racing again. "Look
    at this mother fucking white bitch shake," she was thinking, "this is going
    much easier than I thought."   
 Lynn didn't know what to do. She
    was thinking of just running out of there. But for some reason her legs weren't
    cooperating. Then she was so close to this domineering beautiful black woman
    that she could smell her perfume and that was taking its toll on her senses.
    She had been looking into her black eyes just waiting to be told to do something
    but the silence of Miss Tamala was even more intimidating. Finally she just
    lowered her head.   
 Miss Tamala saw the head lower.
    She saw what she wanted to see. She saw the submissiveness in this white
    bitch standing in front of her bubbling to the surface and it was setting
    her on fire. She felt the twitching in her pussy demanding attention and
    the dampness building up to uncontainable proportions. "Now", her mind was
    telling her, "take this bitch down completely now."   
 "Go over to that closet. There
    is a pair of my loafers that I wear while I am working in there. Bring them
    over here to my desk," she told Lynn changing the pitch of her voice to a
    soft and sulky tone. The change in voice tones was also second nature to
    Miss Tamala by now. She knew just when to instill fear by changing the pitch
    of her voice and when to bring the feelings of fear down in her 'projects'.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn
    from the bowed position of her head. The softer voice pitch of Miss Tamala
    seemed to calm down Lynn as she made her way to the closet. As Lynn was walking
    to the closet thoughts were going through her mind again: "Why does this
    woman have this effect on me ... she scares me and yet I don't know why I
    am doing everything she tells me to ..."   
 Lynn returned with the loafers
    and stood in front of Miss Tamala again. She wanted to say something but
    her nervousness kept her mouth from working. She felt so empty, like a little
    child waiting to be told what to do, like she just couldn't or didn't dare
    say a word for fear of doing something wrong. Little by little her dependence
    on Miss Tamala for guidance was growing and she didn't even realize it.   
 Again Miss Tamala deliberately
    kept her silence. She let Lynn stand in front of her, speechless and looking
    so stupid. Then she finally spoke. "Put the loafers down, reach under my
    skirt and remove my nylons," she told Lynn. "And try your best not to touch
    my skin."   
 That last order struck Lynn like
    a ton of bricks. She got a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach. "What
    ... did she hear right? ... remove her ... what? ..." her mind was processing
    thoughts so fast she felt dizzy. "Did she really expect me ... me ... Lynn
    Langley ...to do that?????" Silence ... more silence ... neither Miss Tamala
    nor Lynn said a word.   
 The silence lasted for a few more
    seconds, like a jostling match ... someone had to give in. Someone had to
    break the silence. Lynn looked into those eyes, the eyes of Miss Tamala that
    seemed to know everything; the penetrating eyes that reached right into her
    soul. Lynn pressed her lips together; she swallowed hard, so hard that the
    gulping sound it made could clearly be heard.   
She knelt down slowly and her hands
    were starting up under Miss Tamala's skirt.   
She was very nervous. Before yesterday
    her hands had never been here ... at least not with another woman. Yesterday
    Miss Tamala's hands guided her hand. Today she was on her own. When her trembling
    hands passed Miss Tamala's knees she could feel the body heat coming from
    Miss Tamala's legs. She tried to keep her hands against the leather skirt
    so she wouldn't touch Miss Tamala's skin as she was instructed. Now her hands
    were reaching what had been for her before today a 'forbidden zone.' Her
    hands were near the top of Miss Tamala's thighs. She had to move her body
    closer to be able to reach up under the skirt this far. Lynn felt the softness
    of the leather skirt brush against her face as she very lightly groped for
    the garter belt hooks.   
 Miss Tamala was ecstatic. She didn't
    expect to make this much 'progress' with Lynn this fast. She was looking
    down at the kneeling white bitch ... the pretty model features of her face,
    the shoulder length brown hair and she could feel that dominant superior
    arousal building up inside of her. "God damn it," she thought, "she has got
    me so damn horny. But I have to play with her more. I have to get her so
    damn aroused that she will do anything I tell her. Patience Tamala, patience
    ..." she kept telling herself. "I have to get her pussy juices flowing, got
    to get her to her peak, then I will have her, I will own the fucking bitch
    body and soul."   
 After Lynn had the garter belt
    hooks unfastened on Miss Tamala's leg, she tried to ease the nylon stocking
    down. But the nylon stocking was filled to capacity by the thickness of the
    Miss Tamala's thigh. Lynn didn't know where to put her fingers without touching
    the skin.   
 "You have my permission to touch
    my skin while you are taking my stockings off," Miss Tamala said. "Use the
    palm of your hands and roll them down slowly so you don't put a run in them
    with your fingernails."   
 The words 'my permission' had a
    psychological impact on Lynn. Again she felt like a little child that needed
    'permission' to do something. Just like yesterday when she was sitting in
    that little chair. She was 'told' to sit in that chair. Today she was again
    being exposed to orders ... 'do this'... 'follow me' ... 'put this here'...
    'put that there'... 'you have my permission'... 'permission'... 'permission'...   
 The relationship between Lynn Langley
    and Tamala Barker was changing. Lynn could feel the change taking place deep
    inside her psyche. And so could Tamala. The relationship was no longer of
    an 'intern' applying for a job from a potential 'employer.' Now the relationship
    between Lynn Langley, the 26 year old young woman was becoming one of the
    'student' and the forty year old Tamala Barker, the 'teacher'.   
 Lynn could feel the wonderful sensations
    pulsating through her body as she used the palms of her hands to roll down
    the nylon stocking. Not only could she feel the warmness of Miss Tamala's
    legs, but she could feel the shape of her legs. Starting at the fullness
    of the thigh and sloping down, over her knee, down again and over the calf,
    down until she was at Miss Tamala's ankle. Lynn did the same to the other
    leg. By the time she had both of Miss Tamala's nylon stockings at her ankles
    she could feel her own panties getting wet. She was almost flowing, her lubricants
    involuntarily doing their job, and she could feel the tingling starting deep
    somewhere high up in her vagina.   
 Miss Tamala looked down again at
    the kneeling white bitch. She was ready to take the next step with Lynn and
    she was getting anxious to see how Lynn would react. She leaned back on the
    desk until her buttocks were resting on the edge of the desk. "Take my shoes
    off and then remove my stockings from my feet," she said to Lynn again in
    a soft voice. Her mind was telling her, "it is time to go softly with her".
    She was confident that Lynn was crossing over into a new world. "Fold my
    stockings up very carefully starting with the toe and make sure they are
    perfectly folded and wrinkle free."   
 Lynn didn't answer this time. Miss
    Tamala's first impulse was to push the fact that she didn't answer with the
    customary 'Yes Miss Tamala' but she thought better of it because Lynn only
    hesitated for a moment before she began to remove her shoes and then her
    stockings. She also didn't want to interrupt the trance like atmosphere that
    she had Lynn in. She watched as the very nervous Lynn almost reverently removed
    these articles of clothing. She watched as Lynn very carefully folded the
    stockings up one fold at a time being sure that they were wrinkle free as
    she moved along.   
 Lynn, for her part, was feeling
    all kinds of new submissive emotions within herself. The fact that she was
    following instructions, obeying her beautiful 'teacher' was making her nipples
    spring to live, and little quivers of excitement were shooting up the nerve
    systems of the twin mounds and making the rosy peaks hard. When she had completed
    her assigned task she sat back on her haunches and didn't even make an attempt
    to stand up. It was beginning to feel 'natural' to be on her knees in front
    of Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala pulled her chair over
    close and in front of Lynn, sat down and handed Lynn her workbook. "Read
    the complete sentences in your workbook out loud to me including the word
    or words you used to fill in the blanks," she said in a little louder and
    more firm tone of voice. Lynn opened the workbook and began to read:   
 "Miss Tamala is very smart."   
 "Miss Tamala is very beautiful."   
 "Miss Tamala has beautiful breasts."   
 "Miss Tamala has beautiful eyes."   
 "Miss Tamala has beautiful lips."   
 It was one thing for Lynn to write
    the answers to the questions down in her workbook but it took on a whole
    new meaning mentally as she was reciting them out loud. Miss Tamala watched
    Lynn very carefully, watched her every reaction as the complimentary words
    were vocalized and absorbed in her mind. She slowly moved her bare foot up
    and rested it on Lynn's shoulder. When Lynn felt the foot on her shoulder
    she stopped reading almost on impulse. "Keeping reading, I didn't tell you
    to stop!" Miss Tamala said to Lynn, the soft seductive voice gone and the
    firm stern voice back again.   
 "Miss Tamala has beautiful legs."   
 "Miss Tamala has beautiful feet."   
 Miss Tamala was rubbing her foot
    in little circular motions on Lynn's shoulder. She was admiring the contrast
    of her brown foot on the Lynn's beige blouse. She had a pedicure that morning
    at the salon. Her toes were highly polished in a violet shade to match her
    eye shadow and lipstick. "As I recall there was another line in your workbook
    that you skipped over, wasn't there?" Miss Tamala said to Lynn in coyly questioning
    tone of voice. She knew Lynn had indeed skipped a line.   
 Lynn also knew she purposely skipped
    a line. She was blushing so much now that she had been 'caught' and Miss
    Tamala loved watching her face getting red. But Lynn was so nervous she didn't
    answer again. "That's twice she didn't acknowledge an order or a question," Miss
    Tamala was thinking, "I will over look it for now but that is a correction
    I will have to make in her attitude," she promised herself.   
 "Read it!" Miss Tamala ordered
    Lynn sternly. As she said this she had moved her foot over to the side of
    Lynn's face. She tapped the side of Lynn's face abruptly and pushed her toes
    inward on Lynn's cheek just hard enough to leave a few red indentations on
    Lynn's cheek with her toenails.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn
    in a low voice. Then she read the line she had skipped: "Miss Tamala has
    a beautiful ass."   
 Words like 'ass,' 'tits,' 'cunt'
    or 'pussy' had never been a part of Lynn's vocabulary and she was deeply
    embarrassed to have to use them now. Miss Tamala surmised this and enjoyed
    watching Lynn's embarrassment.   
 Miss Tamala sat back in her chair,
    raised her other foot and rested it on Lynn's other shoulder. This last move
    brought Miss Tamala's skirt high up on her thighs. Lynn for the first time
    in her life had a view of Miss Tamala's pussy. It became obvious that Miss
    Tamala was not wearing panties. All Lynn could see was the garter belt with
    the empty clasps hanging there. Her exposed pussy was giving off a slight
    musky scent and it filled Lynn's nostrils. Lynn's heart was beating a little
    faster. She had never been this close to another woman in this fashion before.
    The combination of the scent and closeness was raising Lynn's excitement
    even higher. Miss Tamala had a smile on her face. "It is so sweet to watch
    this bitch surrendering her will a little at a time," she was thinking.   
 "Touch my legs, starting at the
    ankles, and softly around my calves and then around the back of my knees," Miss
    Tamala instructed Lynn.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn,
    as her white young hands touched Miss Tamala's brown ankles. Lynn ran her
    hands all around Miss Tamala's ankles then started upward around both calves. "Funny," Lynn
    thought, "for some reason she always thought that the brown skin of an African
    American would be rough. But Miss Tamala's skin was soft and pliable. It
    felt so good," Lynn continued thinking, "to be kneeling in front these wonderful
    legs, feeling the muscles of her calves, the warm moisture of sweat in back
    of her knees and especially the smell of her skin". The closeness of it all
    even brought a little wicked smile to Lynn's face.   
 Miss Tamala noticed the little
    lustful smile on Lynn's face too. She removed her legs from Lynn's shoulders
    and reached down to loosen the buttons on Lynn's blouse. When she had all
    the buttons undone and Lynn's pretty white bra came into view, Miss Tamala
    felt the outline of Lynn's breasts by gripping and squeezing the twin mounds
    through the silky bra fabric. Lynn's breathing became heavy when she felt
    the first contact of Miss Tamala's hands on her breasts.   
 "Nice," Miss Tamala said, "nice
    size and solid. I like their structure," she continued speaking to Lynn as
    though she was evaluating a piece of meat. "Now bend your head down," she
    told Lynn   
.   
 Lynn moved her head down so her
    back was arched toward Miss Tamala. She felt Miss Tamala's hands go down
    the back of her loosened blouse and unhook the bra clasps. Miss Tamala picked
    Lynn's head back up just enough to reach down the front of the now loosened
    bra. She cupped both of Lynn's bare breasts with her hands, flesh upon flesh.
    She cupped and squeezed, ran her fingers around the nipples which were both
    totally engorged with excitement and hard by now. She flicked her long and
    polished finger nails back and forth across Lynn's nipples.   
 "Oh ... oooohhh ... God ... ooooohhh," came
    Lynn's low gasping muttering voice. She could feel what seemed like every
    nerve in her breasts pounding.   
 Miss Tamala caught Lynn's hardened
    nipples between her finger and her thumb. She pulled them outward a little
    ... a little more ... and a little more as she seemed to be testing the nipples
    elasticity. "Pretty good," she said to Lynn, "but I like longer nipples ...
    I like them a lot longer ... like this!!!" Miss Tamala said in a much louder
    voice as she squeezed and pulled very hard at Lynn's nipples until their
    extension doubled in length.   
 "Aaaaaaahhhh ... ouch, ouch, ouchhhhh
    ... please, please," Lynn cried out loud as she pulled back from Miss Tamala's
    hands.   
 'Slap,' the loud sound of Miss
    Tamala's hand striking Lynn's face filled the office room. The slap was hard
    but not nearly as hard as Miss Tamala was capable of applying. But it was
    hard enough to leave the imprint of her hand on Lynn's perfect complexion. "You
    dumb fucking slut, don't you ever pull away from me ... ever ... do you understand?" Miss
    Tamala shouted at Lynn.   
 'Slut' ... the word itself reverberated
    in Lynn's mind. 'Slut'... Lynn had never in her 26 years had been called
    a 'slut.' It was like another switch had been turned on in her brain and
    the electricity it generated was flowing through out her submissive body. "Yes
    Miss Talama", she answered, in a low shaking voice, feeling the heat and
    stinging on her face from the slap she had just received.   
 Miss Tamala knew she was the first
    female to ever touch Lynn in this sexual manner. She knew she was the first
    female to ever squeeze her breasts, to feel, tease, and pinch her tits. She
    also knew she was the first female to ever slap her face and to discipline
    her. "Look at the bitch," she was thinking, "with blouse opened down the
    front, her bra hanging down from her shoulders exposing her tits, her nipples
    hard with desire, red from the pulling she just had administered, and her
    face beat red with the imprint of her hand." The more she looked at this
    sight on the floor kneeling before her, the more her juices flowed.   
 "I'm ready," she thought as the
    pulsating of her pussy was building up. She opened her desk drawer, took
    out a large comb and two ribbons. She reached over and pulled Lynn's head
    between her legs just knee high. She took the comb and parted Lynn's shoulder
    length soft brown hair in the middle. She then pulled half of the parted
    hair back until she made a pony tail almost on top of Lynn's head. She tied
    the ribbon in a bow around the pony tail. Then she did the same on the other
    side of Lynn's head. Lynn didn't move except to follow the lead of Miss Tamala's
    hand. When she was through fixing Lynn's hair the way she wanted it, she
    pulled Lynn's head back so she was only six inches from her face. Miss Tamala
    stared into Lynn's eyes.   
 "May as well get your fucking hair
    out of the way," she said to Lynn. "You won't need it where your head is
    going," she continued with a sadistic laugh. Miss Tamala loved to watch the
    shocked expression on Lynn's face when she used this derogatory choice of
    words while talking to her. She held Lynn's head backward with one hand while
    she reached into the desk drawer again and this time took out a tube of lipstick.
    Pulling backward on Lynn's hair by one of the pony tails so her face was
    pointed upward toward Miss Tamala, she applied a heavy coat of lipstick to
    Lynn's lips even smudging some outside of the lip line. She then applied
    the lipstick to each of Lynn's cheeks in two red round solid circles. She
    put the lipstick down on the desk and rubbed the lipstick on each of Lynn's
    cheeks very hard with her fingers in circular motions until her cheeks were
    bright red. When Miss Tamala was satisfied she was done applying the makeup,
    she reached into the desk drawer once more and took out a large hand mirror.
    She pointed it at Lynn's face.   
 "What do you see bitch," she said
    to Lynn.   
 "I ... I ...," Lynn couldn't get
    any words out of her mouth. When she looked at herself in the mirror she
    saw the two pony tails with ribbons, the extremely heavy coat of lipstick
    smudged on her face and the very red solid circles Miss Tamala had made on
    her face cheeks.   
 "I see a fucking slut," Miss Tamala
    told Lynn. "Now, let's try again dummy," she said again to Lynn. "What do
    you see?"   
 "I ... I see a ... I see a ...
    a ... a slut," Lynn looking at herself in the mirror finally got the words
    out of her mouth.   
 "What kind of slut stupid," Miss
    Tamala said in a chastising voice to Lynn.   
 "I ... I see a ... a fucking slut
    Miss Tamala," Lynn answered. As she was saying what Miss Tamala wanted to
    hear, these self-degrading words she was using to describe herself were causing
    new stirrings deep within Lynn psyche. She was losing whatever control of
    herself she had left.   
 Miss Tamala pulled Lynn a little
    closer, put both of her strong legs over Lynn's shoulders, leaned back in
    her chair and with both of her hands gripping Lynn's new pony tails started
    to lead Lynn's head in between her legs.   
 Lynn immediately felt the heat
    between the heavy dark thighs. The womanly musk scent was everywhere. The
    scent was making Lynn's head spin as her face got closer to the 'forbidden'
    area. Her eyes were wide with excitement as she saw the dark vagina lips
    so close to her mouth. The outer vagina lips were dark brown, but they gave
    way to a lighter brown inner vagina lips, then a pinkness ... a very wet
    pinkness. She felt Miss Tamala's hands move from the pony tails on her head
    to the sides of her face. Miss Tamala gripped each of Lynn' cheeks with her
    palms on the cheeks and her fingers under Lynn's chin guiding her mouth very
    slowly to her pussy. "Stick your tongue out and just taste the places my
    hands lead your mouth for now," she told Lynn.   
 Lynn heard the words. Her whole
    body was shaking with desire, a desire she had never felt before. She stuck
    her tongue out just as Miss Tamala had instructed her. For some reason she
    didn't quite understand she felt the need to be obedient. The first thing
    Lynn felt was the pretty ringlets of Miss Tamala's pubic hair on the sides
    of her face from the ringlets that were on the upper part of Miss Tamala's
    thighs. They were very wet, somewhat coarse and in massive amounts. It seemed
    to Lynn that there were ringlets of hair everywhere. As her mouth neared
    Miss Tamala's pussy, her face became almost buried in the jet black ringlets.
    Hair was all around the front of her face. Her nose was buried in hair. It
    was all around her mouth and tongue and then ... then her tongue made contact
    with the soft wet outer pussy lips. She moved her tongue up the outside of
    the slit she found there and scooped up a generous amount of pussy nectar.
    Lynn's senses were filled with the musky scent of another woman and now her
    taste buds were savoring the juices causing this scent. She was having a
    hard time controlling herself. Her mind was telling her ... "go deeper, go
    deeper"... but she couldn't because Miss Tamala's hands were controlling
    the movements of her head.   
 Miss Tamala leaned even more forward
    in her chair. The lower part of her body was almost hanging off the chair.
    This movement caused almost the whole length of her legs to now be draped
    over Lynn's shoulders. Her soft leather skirt was all the way up on the top
    part of her stomach exposing her complete lower torso. "Follow my hands slut," she
    said to Lynn in a raspy, excited tone of voice.   
 Miss Tamala hands guided Lynn's
    face lower. Lynn felt her tongue going back down the pussy slit, down lower
    until she felt the curvature of Miss Tamala's ass coming up. A new scent
    filled her nostrils. It was stronger then the pussy scent but not at all
    repulsive to Lynn. Lynn was so sexually aroused by this time that every new
    'secret' scent filled her with a new arousal. Lynn's forehead was resting
    on Miss Tamala pussy slit. It was soaked with Miss Tamala's pussy juices
    and buried in the ringlets of the jet black pubic hair. Her nose was pressed
    against the very bottom of Miss Tamala's ass cheeks and her tongue was still
    hanging out.   
 "Taste me there," Miss Tamala instructed
    Lynn.   
 Lynn was truly frightened. As Miss
    Tamala lowered Lynn's head even further she also raised her own ass upward.
    Lynn could now feel the solid globes of Miss Tamala's ass on her face. Her
    nose was at the beginning of the crack and her tongue was still hanging out.
    The scent was very strong and it frightened Lynn even more. Lynn's mind was
    working again as she heard herself repeating under her breath ... "taste
    me there"... "taste me there." "Did she dare," she asked herself.   
 Miss Tamala's hands didn't move
    Lynn's head or mouth any further. "This is a choice I want her to make," she
    was thinking. "If this bitch sucks me there I know she will belong to me.
    What a way to surrender, to give herself to me," she continued thinking.
    She laid her head back on her chair and closed her eyes. She had a big smile
    on her face as she thought ... "go ahead bitch, go ahead and suck my asshole," as
    though she was trying very hard to pass her thoughts telepathically on to
    Lynn.   
 Lynn made the move. Whether it
    was caused by her own state of arousal or an urge to degrade herself further
    to please Miss Tamala, it didn't matter any more. Lynn's tongue made its
    way to the pretty puckered asshole. Her whole face was buried between Miss
    Tamala's ass cheeks. When she ran her tongue around Miss Tamala's asshole
    she seemed to be pleased with herself. She knew in her mind that she was
    doing something she would never have even dreamed of doing before today and
    she felt her heart pounding. She was proud of herself ... "yes," she was
    saying to herself, "I did it ... I did it for Miss Tamala."   
 She felt the pulsating contraction
    of Miss Tamala's splinter muscles loosening up, then tightening again, loosening
    up once more. It was as though Miss Tamala's asshole was beckoning her tongue,
    daring her tongue to go further. And Lynn did. She pushed until her tongue
    parted the asshole muscles and was now inside. When she did this she felt
    Miss Tamala push her ass further into her face and then she heard Miss Tamala's
    voice.   
 "Yes ... yeessss, oh ... oooohhhhhh,
    yes, you motherfucking bitch ... suck, suck you little fucking whore," she
    heard Miss Tamala highly charged voice telling her. The words she was hearing
    from Miss Tamala were flashing through Lynn's mind: "Yes, I am pleasing her,
    she likes it ... she likes me to do this." By making Miss Tamala feel good,
    Lynn, in her own submissive way, was totally absorbed in the moment. She
    felt like she had felt in the bathroom last night when she masturbated. And
    ... she wanted so much to masturbate again ... again while she was sucking
    Miss Tamala's asshole.   
 Miss Tamala was deeply satisfied
    with herself. She knew without a doubt that a complete power exchange was
    taking place. Lynn, by taking this extraordinary step of self-degradation
    was becoming a tool for her pleasure. She especially loved the feeling of
    the slavish tongue of this white bitch in her sensitive asshole. She could
    feel the rapid contractions building up in her pussy and her juices were
    flowing like a river. She knew she couldn't resist this build up much longer.   
 Lynn also knew something was taking
    place between herself and Miss Tamala. And instead of being repulsed she
    was excited. It felt so good to surrender to Miss Tamala. It felt so good
    to bring pleasure to this beautiful strong Black woman. Her head was spinning
    with the sounds and words coming from the excited voice of Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala removed her hands from
    Lynn's face and reached back to grab both of the pony tails she had made
    in Lynn's hair. She pulled on the pony tails until Lynn's head was pointed
    upward and she could look into her face. She looked at the perverse smile
    of submissive satisfaction on Lynn's face. The corners of her mouth were
    turned upward and her face was covered with pussy juices. The heavy layer
    of lipstick she had applied to Lynn's face was now completely smeared. She
    lowered her own face until she was six inches above Lynn's face. She looked
    into Lynn's lust filled and glazed eyes.   
 "Watch my lips ... watch my lips," Miss
    Tamala said to Lynn in a sexy soft voice as she made circular motions with
    her lips and she was drawing her cheeks in and out. "Open your mouth wide
    and stick your tongue out," she again ordered Lynn.   
 Lynn immediately obeyed. Her mouth
    sprung open and her tongue came out as she stared at the creamy red lips
    of Miss Tamala. Somewhere deep inside of her body Lynn knew what was coming.
    She didn't care. In a perverse way, she welcomed it. She watched the red
    lips above her part. She saw an enormous amount of thick salvia form between
    the red lips, then very slowly in a long string start to drop toward her
    mouth. She felt it hit her outstretched tongue and build up in capacity and
    roll backward. Her mouth was filling so fast that her impulse was to swallow.
    But again she heard instructions coming from Miss Tamala.   
 "Don't you fucking swallow bitch," Miss
    Tamala told her, "just keep your head tilted back and let it slide down your
    throat," Miss Tamala continued instructing Lynn.   
 Miss Tamala became even more excited
    if that was possible watching Lynn obeying every instruction she was giving
    her. When the last of her salvia disappeared down Lynn's throat and she heard
    a gulping sound come from deep within Lynn, she pulled her head back in between
    her strong legs until Lynn's face was buried in her pussy. She roughly rubbed
    Lynn's face around her sopping wet pussy until her face was soaked all over
    again.   
 "Use your tongue shit head," she
    yelled at Lynn. "Use your lips, suck, suck, suck," she was continuing to
    yell at Lynn. The more she yelled, the more Lynn responded and the harder
    she tried to follow Miss Tamala's instructions. "Yes, yes," she told Lynn, "that's
    it ... that's my clit ... yeesssss, yeessss, take it between your lips and
    suck on it ... ooohhhhh, ooooohhhh, shit ... you have a good mouth ... a
    good mouth ... you're a good sucker ... I'm cumming ... oh, shit, I'm cumming
    ..." Miss Tamala gyrated her hips, bucked up and down as though she was trying
    to fuck Lynn's whole face. Then the final downward contractions came, Miss
    Tamala pulled Lynn's head inward as hard as she could as she released an
    explosive orgasm. "Aaaahhhhhh, aaahhhhhhhhhhh," the final deep gasps came
    from Miss Tamala as she eased herself down from this delicious sexual high
    plateau she had just experienced. "Slowly now," she was giving Lynn her final
    instructions, "suck slowly now, just lap at my pussy with your tongue little
    whore."   
 Lynn felt like she was soaring
    somewhere in outer space. She was breathing heavy, heavier than she ever
    had in her life. Her panties were totally soaked and she wanted so bad to
    put her fingers down there, to touch herself. The voice of Miss Tamala calling
    her a 'slut,' a 'whore'... teaching her how to suck ... had all filled her
    submissive mind to overflowing. "Yes," she was thinking, "that's what I am.
    I'm Miss Tamala's slut. I'm Miss Tamala's whore."   
 Miss Tamala eased her legs off
    of Lynn's shoulders. She knew Lynn was sexually charged and her arousal was
    at a peak. She saw that Lynn had one of her hands under her own skirt. "Take
    your fucking hand away from your cunt you little pig," she scolded Lynn. "Don't
    you ever put your hand there again without my permission," she continued.   
 "Ye ... yes ... yes Miss Tamala," Lynn
    answered in a shaky voice as she removed her hand. She was still breathing
    heavy. Her panties were soaked and her whole crotch was wet. The muscles
    in her vagina were pushing downward in little spasms. She knew all she had
    to do was rub her clit a few times and she would explode into a blissful
    orgasm.   
 But it wasn't to be. Miss Tamala
    had some important decisions for Lynn to make in the next few minutes and
    she wanted to keep Lynn at her highest sexual arousal so she would make them
    while her mind was full of sexual emotions.   
 Miss Tamala grabbed Lynn very hard
    by both of her ears so she could again look into her face. "Look at me, look
    into my eyes and listen. Listen to me very carefully," she said. "Where are
    you staying and what kind of living arrangements do you have."   
 "The Imperial Motel Miss Tamala," Lynn
    answered. "I have my room rented on a night to night basis."   
 "OK, good," Miss Tamala replied. "You
    have some decisions to make. I will be giving you a few choices. But first
    let me inform you again, as I did yesterday, that everything that has taken
    place in my office has been recorded on video tape. Of course, if anyone
    was to view this tape they would see exactly what happened in this room.
    I am sure it wouldn't take much for anyone to understand that you were not
    forced to do anything against your will. Rather, I would think, they would
    see a very cooperative young lady performing oral sex on me not to mention
    a few other acts."   
 "Now for the choices you have," Miss
    Tamala continued talking to Lynn as they looked into each other's eyes. "First,
    you can get yourself cleaned up and leave here today. I will give you six
    months salary. I will also give you an excellent evaluation that will assure
    you of placement in an excellent law firm upon your graduation. In exchange
    you will never, I repeat never, talk to anyone about anything that happened
    here the last few days. Remember, I have the video tape and I can assure
    you I will defend myself vigorously."   
 Lynn, being held firmly by the
    grip Miss Tamala had on her ears, her face smeared with lipstick and Miss
    Tamala's pussy juices and her heart still beating rapidly from her sexual
    arousal was now listening intently.   
 "Secondly", Miss Tamala was talking
    again, "you can decide to stay with me and my company. If you decide to stay,
    you will be required to move into my home tonight. There you will undergo
    an extensive training program for the next three months. This will complete
    your internship at the end of which I will offer you further choices. You
    have one minute to make your decision."   
 Lynn's mind was working rapidly.
    She thought of her fianc&eacute; David. She thought of the youth group she
    had helped to establish back home. She wasn't breathing as fast now but her
    ears were hurting from the tight grip Miss Tamala had on them. She looked
    at this beautiful Black woman and thought about what she had just done. It
    was all so new to her. Yet she couldn't deny that it all lit a fire within
    her body that she had never known before. The more she thought of sucking
    Miss Tamala's pussy and her ass, the more her arousal was renewing itself.   
 "Please Miss Tamala," Lynn said
    in a very subdued voice. "I want to stay with you."   
 "Good," Miss Tamala said with a
    smile on her face. "I had a feeling you would take the second choice you
    little fucking white whore. You have a good mouth and tongue and I am looking
    forward to your training program."   
 As soon as Lynn heard Miss Tamala
    referring to her as a 'fucking white whore' she knew deep within her submissive
    soul that she had made the correct choice. The power exchange between Lynn
    Langley and Ms. Tamala Barker was complete. She was about to begin her training
    and a new way of life.   
 (To be continued .........)   
Chapter VII---Lynn's Training Begins   
 "Stay right where you are," Miss
    Tamala told Lynn as she let go of Lynn's ears. She got up from her chair
    and headed for the bathroom which was off to the side of her desk. Lynn,
    her sexual arousal somewhat diminished, sat back on her haunches but remained
    on the floor just as Miss Tamala had told her to. Her lipstick smeared face
    was still coated from forehead to chin with Miss Tamala's vaginal juices.
    Her blouse remained opened, her loosened bra still hung by the straps from
    her shoulders and her breasts hung out. Her breasts had red finger marks
    all over them, the result of Miss Tamala's rough handling. Her nipples were
    still erect and a little sore from the sudden pulling of Miss Tamala's fingers
    and thumbs.   
 Lynn was still in a state of confusion
    from the intense sexual activity that had just taken place between her and
    Miss Tamala. Thoughts were flashing through her mind at a dizzying pace.
    She was wondering if she had made a mistake by making the decision to move
    into Miss Tamala's house. Deep inside of her submissive soul she knew she
    had never been experienced such excitement and she was having some misgivings
    and difficulty understanding her self. Using her peripheral vision she could
    see Miss Tamala in the bathroom. The bathroom was only 10 feet from where
    Lynn was located and she could hear water running and then watched intently
    as Miss Tamala sat on the toilet. Miss Tamala had not bothered to shut the
    door. As a matter of fact, she had purposely let the door open so Lynn could
    observe her cleaning up and using the toilet. Lynn would soon learn that
    when you live with Miss Tamala there would never again be even the remotest
    privacy.   
 Miss Tamala came out of the bathroom
    carrying the garter belt she had obviously removed. Lynn watched intently
    as this beautiful and graceful black woman approached her. Even the sound
    of Miss Tamala's high heel shoes clicking on the polished hardwood floor
    as she came closer to Lynn sent chilling feelings of fear and excitement
    up her spine. Miss Tamala sat in her chair in front of the kneeling Lynn.   
 Miss Tamala took her garter belt
    in her hand and held it in front of Lynn's face. "Smell," she said to Lynn.
    Lynn leaned forward until her nose was touching the garment and began sniffing. "No,
    no, no," she heard the chastising voice of Miss Tamala, "breathe in deep
    so I can hear you smelling. You're such a stupid jackass. I even have to
    teach you how to smell."   
 Lynn closed her lips tightly and
    began drawing air through her nose making sniffing sounds that were audible. "I
    want you to get familiar with all the odors of my clothing, especially clothing
    that I have worn. You must work hard to become familiar with all my clothing
    and body scents. I want you to become so proficient that you would be able
    come to me blindfolded just by your sense of smell. Just like a doggy," Miss
    Tamala was teaching Lynn, laughing at the last part of her instructions.   
 Miss Tamala watched Lynn obey her
    every word. "It is so good to have a new bitch to train," she was thinking.
    This is the part of this lifestyle that Miss Tamala thoroughly enjoyed. It
    was like taking a 'new puppy' and house breaking it for the first time. It
    was exciting to be bringing the 'novice' Lynn into a new life of submission
    to her and to be her trainer. And as her trainer she would be making Lynn
    do things she never thought she would be capable of doing. It sent a chill
    up her spine just thinking of where she would be taking her new bitch.   
 "While I was taking a piss I was
    thinking of a name for you," Miss Tamala said to Lynn. "You have a good fucking
    mouth and a good tongue. I am pleased with the length of your tongue. With
    some training I think you will make an excellent sucker," Miss Tamala continued
    again using crude words knowing that they would light a spark in Lynn's submissive
    mind.   
 "Since you have such good potential
    as a sucker, I have decided on the name 'Suckle,' Miss Tamala continued. "So
    listen carefully you little cunt lapping whore. From this day forward and
    as long as you are with me, you will never again use the name Lynn Langley.
    Lynn Langley is dead!" Miss Talama said changing her voice tone from an instructional
    pitch to a more stern pitch. "Suckle is born. From now on you will answer
    to the name 'Suckle.'"   
 Lynn looked into the beautiful
    dark eyes of Miss Tamala as she spoke. She swore those eyes knew her better
    than she knew herself. The closeness of Miss Tamala and the way she spoke
    to her made her feel a pulsating in her pussy all over again. And there were
    little tremors of fear mixed in with the pulsating feelings Lynn was experiencing.   
 "Now," Miss Tamala spoke again, "let's
    see what you've learned in the last five minutes. What's your name?"   
 "Ah ... ah ... my name is ... is
    ..." Lynn was struggling to acknowledge the name Miss Tamala had just given
    her. It was as though she was trying to hang on, hang on to the little self
    respect she had left. Everyone had always told her they liked her name. "Why
    did she have to change her name?" she thought.   
 "Slaaappppp," came from loud sound
    of Miss Tamala's hand striking Lynn's face. Lynn didn't even see it coming.
    But she felt it and it was much harder than the slap she had received earlier.
    Not only was the imprint of Miss Tamala's hand left on Lynn's face but there
    was also a clear mark from the band of the ring that Miss Tamala wore on
    her finger. Miss Tamala reached down and took both of Lynn's bare breasts
    hanging out from her loosened bra in her hands and started to squeeze them
    hard.   
 "Cat got your tongue you fucking
    idiot?" Miss Tamala spoke to Lynn in a voice that sounded like the most natural
    thing to ask. "Shall we try again," she continued. "What's your name?"   
 Lynn didn't know what was lighting
    her up again. She felt the arousal in her pussy increase rapidly. She couldn't
    understand whether this was a reaction to the slap in her face even though
    it was painful, or from the realization that this beautiful woman was taking
    complete control of her. Maybe it was from the sensations she felt in her
    breasts from the rough handling Miss Tamala was applying to them. All she
    knew was that her body seemed to have a mind of its own. But she knew she
    had better answer the way Miss Tamala wanted her to.   
 "My name is Suckle," Lynn answered
    this time, her face still stinging but with very little hesitation.   
 "Good," replied Miss Tamala. "What
    ever happen to Lynn Langley?" she asked Lynn in a giggling high tone of voice.   
 "Lynn Langley is dead," Lynn answered
    again.   
 "Correct you little whore," Miss
    Tamala said to Lynn never to failing to use the degrading words she knew
    were effective in bringing Lynn into total submission. "And why is your name
    Suckle?"   
 Lynn again became confused at this
    last question. She was trying to remember all that Miss Tamala had told her
    as to why she had named her 'Suckle'. She wanted so bad to answer correctly.
    Not only because she wanted to please Miss Tamala but also because her face
    was still sore from the slap she had just gotten and she didn't want to feel
    that sharp pain all over again.   
 "My name is Suckle because ...
    my mouth ... I have a good mouth ... I think ... too ... because Miss Tamala
    likes ... likes my tongue ..." Lynn was stammering.   
 Miss Tamala looked down at Lynn
    in her kneeling position. A feeling of power surged through her body as she
    watched this pretty white young girl struggling to find an answer that would
    please her. This highly intelligent girl who only a few days ago had a bright
    future ahead of her in the legal profession was now searching to find just
    a few simple words that would please her. And she loved it ... loved the
    feeling of power and control she had over Lynn. She looked at her brown bronze
    hands with the long polished finger nails squeezing and twisting those white
    tits of Lynn. Suddenly, she had the urge to let Lynn feel some more pain.
    She justified the feeling in her own mind because Lynn wasn't answering quickly
    enough to please her. Then she thought to herself: "Hell I don't need a reason.
    I can do whatever I want to do with this bitch."   
 Miss Tamala reached down to the
    very base of Lynn's size 36C breasts. She encircled each breast with her
    hands and slowly, very slowly began to squeeze while looking into Lynn's
    face. Lynn's breasts were reacting just like two balloons that someone was
    pumping air into. The bottoms of her breasts were getting narrower and narrower
    from the tightening of Miss Tamala's hands while the globes were increasing
    in size. The nipples on top of Lynn's breast globes appeared to be ready
    to burst as Miss Tamala's hands reached the maximum amount they could encircle.   
 "Aaaaahhhhh ... my tongue is ...
    aaaahhhhh ... Miss Tamala likes ..." Lynn was feeling the pain of Miss Tamala's
    hands and again was struggling to find the right words.   
 Miss Tamala was growing impatient.
    She looked into the lust gazed eyes of Lynn as she was squeezing her breasts.
    She listened to the involuntary sounds of pain and pleasure coming from Lynn's
    mouth. Miss Tamala decided to give her one more test. She took her hands
    away from the base of Lynn's breasts and took hold of both of her nipples
    between her finger and thumb as she had done earlier. She started to pull
    them outward slowly. Lynn didn't move. She pulled harder. Lynn didn't move.
    Then Miss Tamala pulled as hard as she could until Lynn's breasts changed
    their shape from round globes to more like pointed spheres. Her nipples were
    stretched to almost a breaking point. Lynn didn't make the slightest attempt
    to pull back from Miss Tamala. She had learned her lesson well and heeded
    Miss Tamala's earlier warning not to pull away from her.   
 "Why is your name Suckle," Miss
    Tamala yelled at Lynn.   
 "My ... aaahhhh ... my name is
    ... oooohhhhh ..." Lynn was trying to answer but the pain in her breasts
    was intensive and there didn't seem to be any let up. She felt like she was
    being lifted off the floor by the nipples of her breasts. "My name is Suckle
    because ... because I am a good sucker," she finally got the answer out.   
 "Correct," Miss Tamala said. "Say
    it again."   
 "My name is Suckle because I am
    a good sucker," Lynn answered faster this time.   
 "Say it again," Miss Tamala repeated
    now not only pulling on the nipples but also squeezing them between her finger
    and thumb.   
 "My name is Suckle because I am
    a good sucker ... aaahhhhhh ... ooooohhhh ... I am a good sucker ... a good
    sucker," Lynn was breathing in short breaths and answering as fast as she
    could in response to the pulling and squeezing on her nipples.   
 Miss Tamala released her fingers
    and Lynn's breasts snapped back from their elongated shape. Immediately Lynn
    bowed her head down and was breathing rapidly in very short spurts as though
    she was trying desperately to catch her breath.   
 Miss Tamala reached over and turned
    the intercom on. "Piglet, get Dr. Mary on the phone," she said to Ann.   
 "Yes ma'am," Ann answered.   
 It was only a minute before the
    buzzer on Miss Tamala's telephone rang. "Miss Mary is on the line two ma'am," Ann
    said.   
 Miss Tamala picked up the receiver.
    She then switched the telephone base to 'speaker' mode and put the receiver
    back down. Now the conversation between Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary would be
    clearly audible to anyone who was in the office. Miss Tamala wanted Lynn
    to hear both parties. "Hello darling," Miss Tamala spoke.   
 "Hello," answered Dr. Mary. "My,
    you sound like you are in a good mood. Do you need me to come over and give
    your new intern her physical?" There was a sound of excited anticipation
    in Dr. Mary's voice.   
 "Ha, ha, ha ... no, no, no," answered
    Miss Tamala, "you can give her a physical tonight at home sweetheart. The
    little bitch is moving into our house today."   
 "What?" Miss Mary answered in surprise. "What
    are you talking about? Do you mean it?   
 "Yep," Miss Talama said in a confident
    tone of voice. "Dr. Mary my darling, you underestimate your partner."   
 "Holy shit, did you ... are you
    kidding me? Tell me about it. How far did you get her?" Dr. Mary inquired
    in surprise.   
 "Well, let me put it this way doctor," Miss
    Tamala said looking down at Lynn. "The little piece of shit is kneeling right
    in front of me now, her tits are hanging out and I imagine they are a little
    sore. Her face is covered with my pussy juices and right now she has a few
    shit stains around her lips."   
 "Girl, you are going to make me
    have an orgasm right here," Dr. Mary answered. "Did you really ... did she
    really suck you ... I mean ... geez, you mean your ass too. Damn, you know
    how I love ass lickers," Dr. Mary continued, the disbelief apparent in her
    voice.   
 "I named her Suckle sweetheart," Miss
    Tamala interrupted. "I hope you like the name. Doctor, she is a good sucker
    and wait until you feel her tongue. It is longer than piglet's. You know
    that little tongue stud you have? The one that's shaped like a cock? Suckle
    has the perfect tongue for it. Would you like to say hello to her?"   
 "Yes ... yes, sure. Shit, I wish
    I had my dildo here. Girl, you have me so hot I am starting to drip. Yeah,
    let me say hello ... I would love to hear the bitch's voice," Dr. Mary answered
    in an excited voice.   
 Lynn's rapid breathing had slowed
    down a little but she was still in a state of arousal from the abusive manipulations
    of her breasts by Miss Tamala. She very clearly heard Miss Tamala talking
    about her as though she was some kind of a toy that Miss Tamala had just
    acquired. The proud voice of Miss Tamala was ringing in her ears. She heard
    Miss Tamala describing her to a third party. And she heard Dr. Mary's replies.
    Lynn was beginning to feel the submissive bliss of being 'owned.' Somewhere
    in her mind she was thinking she should use good judgment. That part of her
    mind was telling her that this was wrong. 'Good girls' don't do this. But
    there was also another part of her mind working too. That part of her mind
    was making her breasts throb with excitement, making her nipples hard and
    sensitive and was making her pussy ache with desire. It was like a tugging
    match between what she had been taught all her life up to this point and
    what she was discovering about herself the last few days. There was 'good'
    on one side and 'bad' on the other side. She wanted so much to masturbate,
    to put her fingers in her pussy to release this tugging match. She felt Miss
    Tamala's hand pulling her head back up from its lowered position by the pony
    tail she had made in her hair.   
 Miss Tamala covered the microphone
    on the telephone base with one hand while she spoke to Lynn. "Listen carefully
    slut," she began. "This is Dr. Mary. She is a very dear friend of mine and
    you are to respect her at all times. You are to address her as ma'am. Is
    that clear?"   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Lynn.   
 Miss Tamala then removed her hand
    from the microphone.   
 "Hello ... hello ... Suckle ...
    Suckle, are you there?" came Dr. Mary's voice over the speaker phone.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered Lynn   
 "Good ... good. I like the name
    Miss Tamala picked out for you," Dr. Mary said to Lynn.   
 "Yes ma'am," Lynn replied.   
 "Isn't Miss Tamala wonderful? She
    is so beautiful isn't she," Dr. Mary continued speaking to Lynn.   
 "Yes ma'am," Lynn again replied.   
 Miss Tamala was listening to the
    conversation intently. "My," she was thinking, "how obedient this little
    whore had become with just a few hours of training. I can't wait to get her
    home." Then she heard Dr. Mary's voice again.   
 "Suckle, Miss Tamala told me you
    are a good ass licker. I just love good ass lickers. Are you a good ass licker?" she
    said to Lynn.   
 "Yes ma'am," came Lynn's reply.   
 "Tell me Suckle, tell me what you
    are. I want to hear you say it to me," she prodded Lynn on.   
 Miss Tamala knew Dr. Mary's techniques.
    She knew Dr. Mary was using her psychiatric knowledge to get Suckle to reinforce
    in her mind what she was becoming. It also was no surprise to her that Dr.
    Mary would pick out the 'ass kissing' part of Lynn's submission since to
    Dr. Mary this was the ultimate act of submission. She remembered the lesson
    Dr. Mary had taught her long ago: "Get the bitch to admit in her own voice
    what she is and it has the effect of an electric current directly to her
    brain and it has a lasting, if not a permanent effect." Then Miss Tamala
    listened for Lynn's response.   
 "I ... I am a ... I am a good ass
    licker," Lynn finally was able to say.   
 "No, no, no, you fucking idiot," Miss
    Tamala explained to Lynn in a harsh tone of voice. "Use the name I gave you
    stupid. When you refer to yourself, use the name I gave you. Think you can
    understand that you dumb piece of shit?" Miss Tamala could hear Dr. Mary's
    laughter coming over the speaker phone as she chastised Lynn.   
 Lynn had a very sad expression
    on her face. "I have failed again," she was thinking. "I must be a really
    stupid whore not to be able to do what Miss Tamala expects of me." Lynn was
    even beginning to think of herself as a 'whore.'   
 "Go ahead Suckle," Lynn heard Dr.
    Mary's voice, "obey Miss Tamala. "Do exactly as Miss Tamala has told you."   
 "I ... I mean ... aaahhh ... Suckle
    is a good ..." Lynn was having a very hard time with this last order from
    Miss Tamala. Saying the words Miss Tamala, and now, Dr. Mary wanted to hear
    from her seemed to be going around and around in her mind. Her eyes were
    becoming very noticeably misty. She glanced up at Miss Tamala. She looked
    into those dark eyes, the eyes that reached deeply into her soul. Miss Tamala
    had a confident smile on her face. There was what seemed like an eternity
    of silence. Lynn knew they were waiting for her. They were waiting for her
    to admit to something she was afraid to admit to. And yet, something inside
    of her was telling to 'go ahead, you know its true.'   
 Lynn's lips began to shake a little
    ... a nervous quiver.   
 "Suckle is a good ass licker," Lynn
    said in a very low voice.   
 "Good, very good," she heard Dr.
    Mary say.   
 "Yes," Miss Tamala broke in, "she
    is a good girl," she said to Dr. Mary while patting Lynn on the top of the
    head as sort of a reward for acknowledging to both of them that she was indeed
    an 'ass licker'.   
 Almost immediately Lynn broke out
    in a wide smile at the compliments from Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. The patting
    on the head made her feel like a good puppy being rewarded and like a good
    puppy she wanted more rewards. "Suckle is a good ass licker," she said it
    out loud on impulse again. "Suckle is a good ass licker ... Suckle is a good
    ass licker," she said it out loud again and again as though by admitting
    it to Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary released a great weight from her shoulders.   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary were both
    laughing. The laughter coming from Dr. Mary over the speaker phone and from
    Miss Tamala's voice was filling the office. They were laughing at the way
    Lynn was repeating it over and over again so they could hear her audible
    self degradation. Her training was beginning to kick in.   
 After a little more conversation
    with Dr. Mary, Miss Tamala hung up the speaker phone. She looked down at
    the submissive Lynn; the submissive Lynn with the lustful smile on her pretty
    face. She knew Lynn was discovering herself and she knew that she was going
    to take complete advantage over her submissiveness. "I own two bitches now," she
    was thinking. "But I have a lot of training to do with this one and oh, it's
    going to be so much fun."   
 Miss Tamala pushed a button on
    the intercom again. "Piglet, get your ass in here," she said to Ann.   
 "Yes ma'am," Ann answered.   
 Lynn heard Miss Tamala summon Ann
    and tell her to come into her office. Her first impulse was to put her breasts
    back in her bra and to cover herself up. But as soon as she made the first
    move toward doing so she heard Miss Tamala's loud voice.   
 "Stop ... don't you dare even think
    about moving unless I give you permission. Stay exactly as you are whore," she
    said to Lynn.   
 The office door opened and Miss
    Tamala watched Ann as she removed her shoes and walked over to the front
    of the desk. Ann saw Lynn kneeling in front of Miss Tamala's chair. She saw
    how much different Lynn looked with the pony tails, her blouse completely
    opened and her bra pulled down with her breasts hanging out. It was only
    a few hours ago since she had been with Lynn. Lynn, with her shoulder length
    soft brown hair combed to perfection. Lynn, wearing the pretty beige blouse
    and perfectly applied makeup. Lynn full of confidence and excited at the
    prospect of being granted this highly sought after internship. Gone was that
    confidence and gone was the perfectly applied makeup. Ann looked at the Lynn's
    face now smudged with lipstick and a sticky creamy liquid all over her face.
    Ann knew immediately where Lynn's face had been.   
 Miss Tamala let Ann look for a
    few minutes. "Come over here and kneel in front of me," she told Ann.   
 "Yes ma'am," answered Ann.   
 Ann walked around the desk and
    took her place kneeling beside Lynn.   
 "Look at each other," Miss Tamala
    told them.   
 Ann immediately turned her head
    to look at Lynn. Lynn, still embarrassed, was a little slower but she did
    turn her head to look at Ann. Miss Tamala opened a desk drawer and took out
    a ruler that was 24 inches long. She began to tap the top of Ann's head hard
    enough that the tapping was very easily heard. Then she began to speak.   
 "Suckle, this is Piglet. That's
    the name I've given her. You will never again call her by her old name of
    Ann. Ann is dead! I've named her Piglet because that is what she reminds
    me of. She is always thinking about sex and would be continuously playing
    with her pussy if I, through my generosity, did not take the responsibility
    of supervising her education. From this day forward, you will always address
    her as Piglet or Pig. Even when I am not in your presence you will always,
    I repeat, always address her by the name I have given her. You'll do this
    as a sign of your respect and admiration for me. Is that very clear?" Miss
    Tamala said to Lynn while she continued tapping on Ann's head.   
 "Yes Miss Tamala," Lynn answered.   
 Miss Tamala then switched her attention
    to Lynn by moving the ruler to Lynn's head and began tapping. She tapped
    harder on Lynn's head as though she wanted to be sure that Lynn had a clear
    understanding of what she was about to say. The ruler was striking Lynn's
    head hard enough to make her eyes blink with each tap of the ruler.   
 "Piglet, this is Suckle. That's
    the name I've given her. You will never again call her by her old name of
    Lynn. Lynn is dead! I've named her Suckle because she has a good mouth for
    sucking. A little while ago, Suckle, of her own accord, sucked my asshole
    even going as far as sticking her tongue within my asshole. I am accepting
    the responsibility for her further education. Of course, you know from your
    own experience that when you obey me in everything you do, you show your
    respect and admiration for me. Is this understood," Miss Tamala finished
    speaking to Ann.   
 "Yes ma'am," Ann replied.   
 Lynn's face was beet red. She never
    in her wildest imagination expected Miss Tamala to tell Ann what she had
    just done with her mouth and tongue. Somehow she thought this was something
    that would just be shared between herself and Miss Tamala. Then, she thought,
    she probably should have known better because Miss Tamala had already told
    Dr. Mary what she had done although not in as much detail.   
 Miss Tamala stopped tapping Lynn's
    head and she was just observing her two pretty white bitches. Lynn had a
    look of embarrassed bewilderment on her face. Miss Tamala guessed it came
    from her inexperience. On the other hand, Ann had a happy expression on her
    face as though she was enjoying the thought of Lynn's face buried deep between
    Miss Tamala's ass cheeks. Yes, Miss Tamala thought looking at Ann; I have
    trained this one well. It doesn't take much at all to get her hormones into
    high gear.   
 "Exchange greetings," Miss Tamala
    said to her kneeling bitches. "Piglet, you go first since you have learned
    from listening to your educational tapes the proper way greet someone when
    I tell you too." Miss Tamala then turned her attention to Lynn.   
 "Suckle, listen carefully to Piglet
    since you will be required to exchange greetings in the same manner any time
    I give this specific order."   
 As soon as Miss Tamala finished
    speaking Piglet began to repeat the greetings she was taught through her
    educational tapes. Piglet knew this procedure very well. This is the way
    Miss Tamala demonstrated her control over her bitch to her many friends and
    acquaintances whenever she determined the occasion called for it.   
 "Greetings Suckle," Ann began, "my
    name is Piglet. I belong to Miss Tamala. She is my owner and Mistress. I
    am a brainless slut. My Mistress, through her enormous generosity, has undertaken
    the responsibility for my further education. I dedicate myself to work hard
    to always bring pleasure and comfort to my Mistress and to make her proud
    to own me."   
 Miss Tamala looked at Lynn. Lynn
    in turn kept her eyes on Ann. She didn't have to look at Miss Tamala. She
    could feel Miss Tamala's eyes on her and it was a daunting feeling. Again
    Lynn was mesmerized by the words just spoken by Ann. "Mistress," she was
    thinking, the word striking a new nerve in her mind. This was the first time
    she had heard that word to describe Miss Tamala. Yet as Ann spoke these words
    they seemed to be coming from within her heart. Then there was the word 'own.'
    Lynn had felt her will giving way to Miss Tamala and she felt different toward
    her than she had ever felt toward anyone else in the world. "Mistress ...
    own ...," Lynn was thinking again. "Can I do it?" She felt the part of her
    mind that was trying to reason giving way to her feelings. Just like earlier
    when she had the impulse to confess to Dr. Mary that she was an 'ass licker'
    she was feeling that same need now to act.   
 Miss Tamala knew she was 'pushing
    the envelope' with Lynn. After all, it took her almost six months to get
    Ann to this stage in her training. "Lynn hadn't even felt the bite of her
    whip yet," she was thinking. "Am I being too ambitious?" Yet the challenge
    brought new sensations to her pussy. She felt her self getting excited and
    hot all over again.   
 The silence in the room was deafening.
    You could hear a pin drop for what seemed again like again, an eternity.
    The match of wills was on! The starting gun had gone off! It was too late
    to turn back now! Who would win?   
 Lynn's lips began to move. "Greetings
    Piglet," the moving lips now added sound from Lynn's mouth. "My name is Suckle.
    I ... I belong to ... I belong to Miss Tamala. She is my ... owner and ...
    Mistress."   
 "There I said it," Lynn was thinking.
    Another weight was lifted from her shoulders. Another bridge had been crossed.
    Lynn's mind was processing thoughts so fast she thought she would explode. "Go
    ahead; tell your Mistress what she wants to hear ... you know you are a slut,
    a whore ... tell her ... tell her ... make your Mistress proud of you ...
    make your mouth work ..." Her mind was controlling her body now and she could
    feel it. She could feel the wonderment of it all deep in her soul. That little
    shameless smile of pure lust was on her face again and she started to speak
    again.   
 "I am a brainless slut. My Mistress,
    through her enormous generosity, has undertaken the responsibility for my
    further education. I dedicate myself to work hard to always bring pleasure
    and comfort to my Mistress and to make her proud ... proud to own me."   
 Miss Tamala put the ruler back
    on her desk. She then reached down to her kneeling bitches and put one hand
    on the back of Lynn's head and one hand on the back of Ann's head. She began
    to pull their heads together. "Kiss each other and don't stop until I tell
    you to," she said to both of them. "You are now whore sisters."   
 Lynn felt Ann's lips close on her
    mouth. Unlike the little kiss they shared in the video room this one was
    much more passionate. She felt Ann's lips completely encircle her lips; felt
    her tongue probing inside of her mouth, touching her tongue and she responded
    in kind. The words of Miss Tamala were flashing through her mind. "Whore
    sisters," she was thinking. "I share my position with her ... we are one
    and the same ... I am not the only one that feels this submissive sensation
    ... I have a sister ... a whore sister." Her arousal which was already at
    a high peak was going even higher if that was possible. She was experiencing
    what felt like the rumblings of the beginning of an earthquake between her
    legs and she could hear her brain pounding ... "I want to cum ... I want
    to cum ... I need to ... I need to cum."   
 Ann, for her part, was enjoying
    herself. She liked Lynn and was excited to feel her lips, to taste Miss Tamala
    all over Lynn's mouth and tongue. It excited her even more when she imagined
    where Lynn's tongue had been. And like Lynn it was somewhat reassuring to
    know that she wasn't the only one that had these submissive and inferior
    feelings toward Miss Tamala although at this level of her training it really
    didn't matter much.   
 Miss Tamala had taken her hands
    away from the back of the heads of her white bitches. She reached down underneath
    Lynn's skirt until her hand reached her panties. They were totally soaked
    in Lynn's pussy juices, juices that had been building up for a few hours
    now. She reached under the elastic crotch material until she felt Lynn's
    pussy lips. She could feel Lynn's body jerk and just slightly push downward
    as though she was trying to get Miss Tamala's fingers inside of her pussy.
    Miss Tamala could hear little muffled moans coming from Lynn's 'kissing mouth.'
    She let one finger inside and softly twisted it around. Then she inserted
    the second finger in Lynn's pussy and started to rub Lynn's erect clit. She
    could feel the vaginal muscles tighten and then loosening up, squeezing and
    unsqueezing around her fingers. She knew Lynn was very, very close. She knew
    Lynn was trying with all her heart to be obedient. She knew that Lynn, even
    now when her orgasm was so close, was using the 'lessons' she had taught
    her the last few days to wait for permission ... permission from her teacher.   
 "Go ahead you little fucking slut,
    release yourself," Miss Tamala said to Lynn in a soft voice.   
 Lynn's whole body shook with her
    orgasm. She almost collapsed in Ann's arms, their lips still locked together.
    Lynn was twisting her mouth all around Ann's lips as though she was trying
    to swallow them. She had never ... never had another woman bring her to a
    climax in this way or any other way as far as that goes. The moans coming
    from her kissing mouth were sounds of extreme pleasure. She felt the magic
    fingers of Miss Tamala bringing her down from the heights slowly. For a few
    minutes she felt wonderful as though she was floating somewhere through her
    dreams. After a few more minutes of settling down she was beginning to feel
    little pangs of guilt. Like she had done something very wrong and would never
    be able to live with herself again.   
 Miss Tamala knew this was a very
    important crossroads for her new bitch. She knew this was her first time
    with another woman. She unbuttoned her own blouse. "Stop kissing," she said
    to Lynn and Ann. Immediately their lips parted. Ann kept her head upright
    but Lynn had bowed hers down in embarrassment or maybe it was self pity.   
 Miss Tamala took the pony tailed
    head of Lynn and pulled in between the deep brown valley of her opened blouse.
    She still had her bra on but the cleavage was so deep that Lynn could almost
    bury her head in between her beautiful and large breasts.   
 Miss Tamala began to pet Lynn's
    head. "Good slut ... good little sucker," she said to Lynn while petting
    her head in long soothing stokes from front to back.   
 Lynn felt the warmth of Miss Tamala's
    large and beautiful brown breasts on her face cheeks. She inhaled the mixture
    of skin and perfume. It was comfortable here between these twin globes. She
    felt almost like a baby that was held close by her mother. She felt a little
    moisture in this valley.   
 "You are going to be a good whore
    for me," Miss Tamala kept talking to her in a very soft and sexy tone of
    voice. And Lynn almost automatically responded by sticking her tongue out
    and licked the moisture she found between Miss Tamala's breasts. Miss Tamala
    enjoyed feeling her new whore sucking up the perspiration from between her
    breasts. "Just like a little puppy," she thought. Stroke them and they suck."   
 Miss Tamala held onto Lynn's head
    and let her continue to suck up the perspiration in the valley of her breasts
    while she observed Ann still kneeling in front of her. Ann had assumed her
    'service position' with her hands under her chin in the prayer position.
    She raised her foot up to Ann. "Take my shoe off and suck my toes she said
    to Ann."   
 "Yes ma'am," Ann answered as though
    she was being given a great privilege. She eagerly removed Miss Tamala's
    shoe and began to suck her toes. She ran her tongue underneath her toes first,
    along the crease where the toes were connected to the sole of Miss Tamala
    foot. Ann knew this crease well. This is where most of the perspiration and
    foot odor gathered. And that perspiration and foot odor always lit a fire
    deep within Ann's pussy and she loved it. Then she started at the big toe
    and took it completely in her mouth. Then she moved to the next toe, and
    the next toe, until she had done the same to each and every one. Ann had
    done this many times before and she seemed to love it more each time. She
    loved the taste it left in her mouth. Ann viewed this service she was providing
    as a reward. And as her training had taught her, rewards are earned by obedience.
    But most of all it felt so wonderful to glance up from this low position
    to see this beautiful, strong and imperial black woman who ruled her life.
    Ann knew, without a doubt, there was nowhere else in the world she would
    rather be. And there was no one else in the world that could satisfy this
    ingrained need she had to serve. To see the smile of satisfaction on Miss
    Tamala's beautiful face was the fulfillment of her submissive life.   
 Miss Tamala was enjoying herself
    also. This was the first time she had both of her bitches together. "The
    'new' and the 'old'," she thought, "and both were demonstrating their worship
    for her at the same time". The licking and sucking tongues brought sensations
    to parts of her body that other people could only dream of. "Does it get
    any better?" she thought to herself. She lifted Lynn's head up a little bit
    from her licking at the perspiration between her breasts so she could get
    at her mouth. She brought her hand that was soaked with Lynn's pussy juices
    up to her lips. "Open my slut," she said to Lynn.   
 Lynn opened her mouth without a
    hint of resistance or hesitation. Like a good little slut, obedience to Miss
    Tamala was becoming second nature to her now. She felt Miss Tamala's wet
    fingers enter. She felt them rub all over the roof of her mouth, her tongue
    and her teeth. Miss Tamala was spreading all of Lynn's pussy juices every
    where she could in Lynn's mouth. And Lynn was sucking on her fingers just
    like the good sucker Miss Tamala told her she was.   
 Miss Tamala was entering a new
    phase of the lifestyle she had chosen for herself. As she relaxed with both
    of her pretty and young white bitches, she was thinking: "I can't wait to
    get them home and share them with my partner and mentor, Dr. Mary."   
 __________________________________   
 Ms. Tamala Barker, Attorney at
    Law, successful business woman and now, owner of two very pretty young white
    bitches, sat at her desk after sending both Piglet and Suckle out of her
    office to get some work done. Piglet was responsible for getting Suckle started
    and for getting Suckle familiar with what would become her working life for
    at least the next three months.   
 Today was Friday and she decided
    that she would make it a short day by closing early. It had been a very good
    week. She had approved and assigned over $500,000 in new defense contracts.
    That would bring in at least $50,000 in commissions for the last two weeks
    of work. "A nice profit," she thought. Plus there was the matter of Lynn
    Langley, or 'Suckle' as she was now known. She had never imagined making
    so much progress with Suckle so fast. She thought it would take at least
    three weeks to get Suckle's head between her legs and here it was only the
    second day. Tamala wasn't sure whether to attribute this success to the fact
    that she was becoming more and more dominant every day or whether Suckle
    was much more submissive than she had first assumed. It almost blew her mind
    to think how easy Suckle had been. Tamala was a very beautiful, proud and
    confident woman so she preferred to believe Suckle's rapid progress was due
    to her dominance. It got her so excited just thinking of the things she wanted
    to do to her yet. She was planning on spending this whole weekend with Dr.
    Mary moving Suckle along the path to complete servitude to her. "Dr. Mary
    was right," she thought, "it won't be long and Suckle will just be another
    babbling idiot kneeling to kiss and worship her ass."   
 But Tamala knew there were other
    things that had to be taken care of before that came to pass. There was the
    matter of David, Suckle's fianc&eacute;. She had to figure a way to get him
    out of the picture. She reached into her desk drawer and pulled out a dossier
    she had made on David. She opened it and began to read:   
 "David Webster, age, 30; height,
    6'1''; weigh, 210 lbs; hair color, blonde; eyes, blue; background information,
    graduates this year from law school; was employed after graduating from college
    as a paralegal for 4 years before entering law school; single; was arrested
    once for impersonating a woman, charges were dropped because of prior clean
    record."   
 "Hmmmmmm ..." Tamla was thinking, "maybe,
    just maybe, I really shouldn't be thinking about getting him out of the picture.
    Maybe I should be thinking about getting him into the picture. He doesn't
    sound like much of a 'macho' man to me and we could always use a grounds
    keeper around our house especially if he can lick ass as good as his girlfriend
    Suckle". Tamala put that thought aside for now and went on to other things.   
 There was the matter of the large
    trust fund Suckle's father had put aside for her before he died. As an influential
    attorney she felt confident she could take care of that. Tamala even giggled
    a little at this last thought. Then there was also Suckle's last year of
    law school coming up after the completion of her internship here with Ms.
    Barker. This thought brought another smile to Tamala's face. "Shit," she
    thought, "at the end of Suckle's three month internship she and Dr. Mary
    would have Suckle totally convinced that was too stupid to even go to the
    bathroom without supervision let alone complete law school."   
 Yes, Tamala Barker and Dr. Mary
    Mercy still had a lot of work to do. And time would tell if they were successful.   
(To be continued). . . . . . .   
Chapter VIII---Suckle Moves; Gets Acquainted with Dr. Mary  
 Miss Tamala looked in her rear view mirror as she drove home after closing
  the office for the day. She was looking at her two white bitches sitting in
  the back seat. Both had removed their shoes before getting into the car so
  they would not soil the floor of Miss Tamala's car as they were instructed.
  Both of them sat with their backs straight and their breasts pushed out as
  far as they could push them. Their backs were never to touch the rear of the
  seat. Both of them had their hands, palms down on their thighs. Miss Tamala
  expected nothing less then perfect posture from her bitches. Piglet was thoroughly
  trained in all the positions her Mistress expected her to be in at precise
  periods of time. Suckle was more or less following Piglet's lead and was not
  yet quite sure why she was required to assume certain positions.  
 But Miss Tamala was indeed pleased to watch Suckle following her 'sister
  whore's' lead because it demonstrated her natural willingness and even eagerness
  to be submissive. This fact would mean so much once Suckle began her intensive
  training.  
 They had already driven to the motel where Suckle had stayed the last few
  nights. Suckle still had her hair parted in the middle and tied up in the pony
  tails the way Miss Tamala had combed it earlier in the day. While her face
  was much cleaner then earlier, her lipstick was still smudged and her clothing
  was still somewhat in disarray. Miss Tamala had accompanied Suckle into the
  motel office.  
 "May I help you?" asked the attractive middle aged white woman behind the
  check-in desk.  
 "This young lady is checking out," Miss Tamala said to the clerk.  
 The clerk looked at the disheveled Lynn, recalling how neat and proper she
  had appeared this morning. "Oh ok," she said. "It's Miss Langley in Room 102,
  correct?" she asked.  
 "That's correct," Miss Tamala said to the clerk before Suckle had a chance
  to answer.  
 The clerk appeared to be somewhat surprised by the silence of Suckle but
  nevertheless she went over to get the necessary check-out papers. Then she
  returned to the desk. This time she spoke to Miss Tamala since she seemed to
  be in charge of the proceedings.  
 "I need her signature here," she said to Miss Tamala.  
 "Suckle, come over here and sign this," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 "Yes, ma'am," came Suckle's answer.  
 The clerk seemed startled by the events taking place before her very eyes.
  Here was this pretty young white girl that she had gotten to know the last
  few days appearing to be following some kind of orders coming from this very
  beautiful bronze colored mature woman. Maybe it was because of Miss Tamala's
  imperious appearance and manner compared to Suckle's completely passive manner
  that the clerk thought there was something strange going on here. And the clerk
  felt as though there was a sexual association with it all. It did cause a little
  stirring in her loins.  
 Miss Tamala saw the bewilderment and subdued expression of excitement on
  the face of the clerk. She could tell the way the clerk looked at her and then
  at Suckle that she may be sensing there was a lot more to this relationship
  than met the eye.  
 Miss Tamala pointed to the line where Suckle was to sign. "Put your old
  name right here," she said to Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle as she signed the check-out sheet where Miss
  Tamala had pointed.  
 Miss Tamala again took notice of the surprised look on the clerk's face
  as Suckle signed 'Lynn Langley.' Since there was only the three of them in
  the office at this time, Miss Tamala decided to put Suckle to another test.
  Besides, this kind of daring demonstration of her dominance and superiority
  over one of her bitches always gave Miss Tamala a special thrill somewhere
  deep in her pussy.  
 "I guess you are wondering how my little girl here got her new name," Miss
  Tamala said to the clerk in a very stern sounding voice.  
 "Well ... I ...," the clerk tried to answer while blushing at the way Miss
  Tamala kept calling Lynn 'Suckle' and at the sound of Miss Tamala's voice and
  her use of the words 'my little girl' to describe Suckle.  
 "May I ask your name?" Miss Tamala said to the clerk.  
 "My name is Mrs. Anderson," replied the clerk.  
 Miss Tamala turned to Suckle. "Suckle, greet Mrs. Anderson properly," she
  said.  
 Suckle's face turned a totally crimson shade of red. This was the first
  time she was required to greet someone who was, for all practical purposes,
  almost a complete stranger in this manner in public. But somewhere deep inside
  she knew she was to obey. Her mind was working again ... "don't fail Miss Tamala
  ... make her proud of you ..." Suckle turned to face the attractive middle-aged
  motherly clerk. This was the same Mrs. Anderson she had met a few days earlier
  while checking in. The same Mrs. Anderson with whom she had a few friendly
  and lengthy discussions while staying at the motel. And, of course, her voice
  began...  
 "Greetings Mrs. Anderson, my name is Suckle. I belong to Miss Tamala. She
  is my owner and Mistress. I am a brainless slut. My Mistress, through her enormous
  generosity, has undertaken the responsibility for my further education. I dedicate
  myself to work hard to always bring pleasure and comfort to my Mistress and
  to make her proud to own me."  
 For an instant it appeared as though the middle-aged white Mrs. Anderson
  was going to have a heart attack. As Miss Tamala turned toward the door with
  Suckle following behind her she winked at the clerk. "Good girl," she said
  to Suckle in a voice loud enough for the clerk to hear. As Miss Tamala stroked
  Suckle's head like a puppy she saw the clerk, incredibly, wink back at her. "She
  knows what is going on," Miss Tamala thought to herself. "She knows I have
  taken control of this perfectly beautiful white bitch and she is experiencing
  some sort of secret sexual gratification from it all."  
 "Ha, ha," Miss Tamala continued to think, "I probably caused her to have
  an orgasm right on the spot."  
 When they left the motel office to get back into the car, Miss Tamala walked
  deliberately slow, swaying her beautiful ass back and forth as though putting
  on a show. As she turned to approach the driver's side of the car she looked
  into the large office window to see that the clerk, Mrs. Anderson, had positioned
  herself in the large pane glass window and was watching them intently. Mrs.
  Anderson saw Piglet holding the driver's side door open for Miss Tamala. She
  watched again as Suckle took off her shoes, got into the rear seat of the car
  and assumed her position with her back straighten up, breasts pushed out and
  palms face down on her thighs. Just before getting into the car, Miss Tamala
  gave Mrs. Anderson another really big smile. Again she was pleasantly surprised
  to see Mrs. Anderson return a large, somewhat lustfully knowing smile. "The
  white bitch probably wishes she could somehow be in my shoes right now," Miss
  Talama thought to herself. "It was so much fun when you could demonstrate and
  tease someone like this," she continued thinking as she felt that familiar
  awakening in her vaginal area, "and it was even more fun leaving them to wonder
  what it could possibly be like to own not one, but two perfectly beautiful
  bitches."  
 As Miss Tamala's car pulled in front of Room 102 and stopped, Miss Tamala
  turned to Piglet and said: "I wish to get out of the car Pig."  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Piglet as she got out of the car, put on her shoes
  and opened Miss Tamala's door for her.  
 Miss Tamala opened the trunk of her car and then proceeded to walk around
  to the passenger's side of the car.  
 "Get out Suckle and open the door to your old room," she said.  
 "Yes ma'am," Suckle responded getting out of the car, putting on her shoes
  and opening the motel room door.  
 As they entered the room, Miss Tamala saw the opened suitcases, the clothes
  and business suits hanging in the opened closet and a few personal items of
  clothing thrown here and there.  
 "Gather up all these 'rags' and throw them in the trunk of my car," she
  said to Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle as she began to put some of her clothing in
  the suitcases. Suckle heard the sound of the high heel shoes of Miss Tamala
  coming up behind her. She felt the now familiar hand of Miss Tamala take hold
  of her one pony tail and pull her head back abruptly. She felt the palm of
  the other free hand of Miss Tamala cup her chin with her thumb and fingers
  squeezing tightly on her face cheeks until her mouth was completely opened
  and her cheeks were squeezed between her upper teeth and her lower teeth. Miss
  Tamala then turned her head so that they were face to face.  
 Suckle looked into what she now recognized as the very angry face of Miss
  Tamala. There wasn't a hint of a smile on Miss Tamala's face now, and the dark
  eyes that could almost change their appearance in an instant had a very stern
  and serious glare to them. Suckle knew without a doubt that she was in trouble
  and she had no idea what she did wrong. Then she saw the beautiful red lips
  move and heard the words begin to come out.  
 "You stupid motherfucking slut ... you complete idiot ... I told you the
  first fucking day I saw you I do not like to repeat myself," Miss Tamala was
  yelling into Suckle's face from a mere 2 inches away.  
 Suckle's head filled with the derogatory loud words of Miss Tamala again.
  'Stupid motherfucking slut ... idiot ...' Suckle's face was hurting from the
  pinching fingers of Miss Tamala as they distorted her mouth from the grip she
  had on her cheeks. Her hair felt like Miss Tamala was going to pull it out
  by the roots. Suckle was on the very edge of crying and still, still she couldn't
  figure out what she had done to get Miss Tamala so upset.  
 Suddenly Miss Tamala let go of Suckle's head and cheeks. "Kneel down and
  take my shoe off," she said to Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle as she knelt down and removed Miss Tamala's
  shoe. She didn't dare move; rather, she just knelt there with the high heel
  shoe in her hand waiting to be told what to do next.  
 "Stand up, hand my shoe to me," Miss Tamala again said to Suckle still in
  a stern voice but not yelling as she was before.  
 "Yes ma'am," replied Suckle as she stood up in front of Miss Tamala and
  handed the high heel shoe over to her.  
 "Press your elbows against your sides and put your hands out, palms face
  up and at waist level," said Miss Tamala.  
 "Yes ma'am," replied Suckle as she started to comply with these latest directions
  from Miss Tamala. As Suckle was attempting to assume this position she saw
  the frustrated look on Miss Tamala's face. Then she saw Miss Tamala shake her
  head back and forth indicating that she wasn't satisfied with something.  
 "You know, you are about the stupidest fucking white slut I have ever come
  across," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in a condescending tone of voice. "Your
  biggest problem seems to be that you haven't learned to listen very carefully
  when I speak and give you directions. How the fuck am I ever going to train
  you to be a good little whore for me if you can not follow a few simple basic
  instructions?" Miss Tamala continued. "Then again, maybe you aren't listening
  because you don't want to be my whore."  
 The lecturing voice of Miss Tamala was having the effect she wanted on Suckle.
  She was starting to tremble again as she looked into the fierce eyes of this
  beautiful black woman.  
 "Oh no, Miss Tamala ... I mean yes ... I mean I ... I do ... I do ..." Suckle
  replied in the now recognizable stammering and nervous voice.  
 "I do, I do, I do," Miss Tamala said to Suckle mocking her stammering voice. "I
  do what, you stupid idiot. Spill it out," she continued.  
 "I do want to be your whore Miss Tamala. Please Miss Tamala, I do want to
  be your whore," Suckle said in a childish tone of voice.  
 Miss Tamala had a hard time holding back the smile she felt. She had to
  fight herself to retain her stern demeanor. "But it was so wonderful to hear
  this beautiful white girl beg to be her whore," she was thinking. She felt
  the wetness in her pussy again. "God," she was thinking again, "this little
  bitch gets me so hot I feel like taking my panties off and fucking her face
  right now." But in the end, she knew she couldn't do that. She had a responsibility
  as Suckle's trainer too. She had to remain stern in order to completely drain
  any resistance Suckle may still feel toward her.  
 "Watch my lips ...watch my lips," Miss Tamala spoke again. "Don't you move
  your hands one inch, do you understand?"  
 "Yes Miss Tamala," answered Suckle.  
 With that Miss Tamala raised her high heel shoe high above her head, held
  it there for just a second so Suckle could anticipate what was going to happen
  and then brought it down swiftly so the high heel end of the shoe smashed right
  in the middle of Suckle's up turned hand.  
 "Aaaahhhhhh ... oohhhh ... ooohhhh ... oh-my-god, oh-my-god ... oohhh ...
  oohh ... oh," the painful cries came from Suckle's voice. Her hand had moved
  downward from the terrible pain the heel of Miss Tamala's shoe had caused in
  the palm of her hand. She brought her one knee up and across the thigh of her
  other leg and bent over slightly in an attempt to ease the pain. While she
  was trying to catch her breath again she heard Miss Tamala speak.  
 "I distinctly told you to throw your suitcases, clothes, and whatever else
  in the truck of my car. I didn't say one word about putting anything in your
  suitcase. When you don't listen you are punished. I consider any deviance from
  my instructions or orders as disobedience. Disobedience in any form will not
  be tolerated. To become my whore you must listen, listen, listen ... obey,
  obey, obey," Miss Talama lectured Suckle as a teacher would lecture a problem
  student. "Now let me see your hand."  
 "Y-yes ma'am," Suckle answered with tears of pain running down her face
  cheeks as she lifted her trembling hand for Miss Tamala to view.  
 Miss Tamala took hold of the bottom of Suckle's hand so she could examine
  the palm of her hand. There was a very deep welt and indentation where the
  heel had struck. The whole hand was a fiery red in color and the outline of
  the heel was very clearly visible since the mark the heel left was even a deeper
  red. Suckle's hand was shaking. Even her arm was shaking a little. But Suckle
  still had her other hand held out. She didn't move it. Miss Tamala took notice
  of this fact. "This stupid cunt is really trying to obey," she thought, "but
  I have to get her to the point where obeying will be automatic and will not
  require her to think about it before acting."  
 Suckle had not felt pain like this before. Yes, she did get a few slaps
  in the face and they did sting but it didn't hurt as much or last as long as
  this. This was also the first time she had cried so much. The tears were flowing
  freely and even dripping off the bottom of her face.  
 As Miss Tamala looked down into the crying face of Suckle from her height
  advantage and she could feel the nipples of her own breasts hardened with arousal.
  Her pussy was also beginning to pulsate as she felt the inner pussy lip muscles
  begin to contract and release in an opening and closing rhythm. She knew she
  had to regain control of her emotions. She had 'brought Suckle down' and now
  it was time to 'bring her up.' It was time to reinforce her submissiveness.  
 "Does Suckle understand why Mistress had to punish her?" Miss Tamala asked
  in a sweet and soft tone of voice. Miss Tamala, ever the perfectionist at changing
  her voice tone to fit a specific occasion knew this would confuse Suckle and
  keep her in a 'state of mind' that she never knew what would be coming next.  
 Suckle heard the word 'Mistress.' She heard the now soft voice of Miss Tamala
  asking her to acknowledge why she was punished. It brought sense of conjecture
  to her as she thought "she is my Mistress so I must have been bad if Mistress
  deemed it necessary to punish me."  
 "Yes Mistress," Suckle answered.  
 As soon as Miss Tamala heard Suckle address her as 'Mistress' she was ecstatic.
  This was the very first time Suckle had actually acknowledged her as her Mistress
  directly. Suckle, by addressing her as 'Mistress' was acknowledging that Miss
  Tamala had power over her, authority and ownership of her. Before she had always
  addressed her as 'Miss Tamala' or 'Ma'am' but never 'Mistress' except for her
  recitation of the 'proper greetings' she had been taught. This was another
  milestone and it had the effect of making Miss Tamala feel the power of her
  dominance flow through her whole body. It was also a gigantic step in Suckle's
  total submission to her.  
 "Now then," Miss Tamala said again in that soft sweet voice, "tell Mistress
  in your own words why Suckle had to be punished."  
 "Suckle was a disobedient whore and did not listen carefully to Mistress
  Tamala," Suckle began speaking. "Suckle must learn to pay attention when Mistress
  speaks ... if Suckle wants to be Mistress Tamala's whore she must learn to
  listen, listen, listen and obey, obey, obey."  
 "Holy shit," Miss Tamala was thinking as she listened to Suckle's sweet
  submissive voice. "Listen to this fucking white bitch refer to herself as 'Suckle,'
  the name she had chosen for her. Listen to her trying so hard to please me
  in order to be my whore. Damn, I wish Dr. Mary was here to hear her. Geez,
  I'll have her wiping my ass before long."  
 Miss Tamala really didn't expect this much wonderful progress from Suckle
  at this point in her training. Rather she thought she would struggle a lot
  more before acknowledging, in her own words, her submissive position. Miss
  Tamala figured it would take a lot more training and a lot more whippings before
  she could advance Suckle this far and she had a very large smile on her face
  with her surprise. And it was having a sensual effect on Miss Tamala. She squeezed
  her legs together so her pussy lips would be in contact with one another. She
  rubbed her upper thighs against one another and felt the dampness that had
  build up in her vagina. Miss Tamala had all she could do to contain and hold
  back her orgasm. "Later," she was thinking. "It will be even more fulfilling
  later when I get the fucking slut home."  
 "Now listen to me carefully fuck head," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in her
  teacher tone of voice. "Listen so your idiot brain can absorb my instructions," she
  continued. "I want you to kneel down, pick up my skirt and kiss first one of
  my ass cheeks and then the other."  
 Miss Tamala turned around as Suckle dropped to her knees. She felt Suckle
  pick up her skirt so her ass was in direct alignment with Suckle's face. Then
  she felt Suckle's lips touch her panty clad ass cheek. She felt the worshipful
  kiss Suckle's lips placed there and then felt her move on to her other ass
  cheek.  
 Suckle for her part, felt the sexual excitement flashing through her body
  when she picked up Miss Tamala's skirt, as she was instructed to. She saw the
  white panties straining to contain Miss Tamala's beautiful and ample dark ass
  cheeks. When she pressed her lipstick smudged lips to the first ass cheek her
  nostrils were filled with the scent coming from Miss Tamala's ass. As Suckle
  moved her face slowly from the first ass cheek to the other, she paused ever
  so slightly as her nose passed the crack of Miss Tamala's ass. During this
  slight pause, Suckle inhaled through her nostrils very deeply in order to fill
  her senses with the scent coming from in between the crack. What at one time
  in her life might have been a somewhat repulsive odor was now like a delightful
  and sexy perfume to her. Suckle could feel the dizziness this scent caused
  in her head. She could feel the nipples on her breasts spring to life, and
  the inward pull of her stomach muscles as her pussy lips became very wet and
  began palpitating.  
 Miss Tamala, never one to miss any indication of submissiveness, heard Suckle
  sniffing audibly at the crack of her ass. It just so happened that the mirror
  in the motel room was in a location to catch the reflection of the figures
  of both of them. Miss Tamala turned her head to look at their images in the
  mirror. "What a beautiful and sexual fulfilling sight," she thought, "to see
  this very beautiful model like white bitch kissing and then sniffing at her
  ass."  
 "Now repeat after me," Miss Tamala told Suckle as she kept her eye on the
  images of herself and the kneeling Suckle with her face only an inch from her
  ass in the mirror. "Suckle, your stupid white whore is sorry for her inattentiveness
  to Mistress Tamala's directions. Suckle is appreciative for the punishment
  she received for not obeying Mistress Tamala and for Mistress Tamala's effort
  to train me to be a good little whore for her."  
 Suckle listened very carefully to the words of her Mistress and trainer.
  She looked at this beautiful dark ass strained against the whiteness of the
  taunt panties. Her submissive heart was filled with excitement and joy as she
  began to speak.  
 "Suckle, your stupid white whore is sorry for her inattentiveness to Mistress
  Tamala's directions." Suckle's hand was hurting from her punishment. Yet her
  voice sounded full of satisfaction, as though she was now beginning to thoroughly
  enjoy degrading herself for the pleasure of her Mistress. In her own mind she
  was also justifying her painful punishment. "I deserved to be punished," she
  thought to herself, "because Mistress Tamala is so kind and wonderful to try
  to train me and because I am so stupid I keep disappointing her."  
 As these thoughts were running through Suckle's mind a little lustful smile
  appeared on her face and she continued to address Mistress Tamala. "Suckle
  is appreciative for the punishment she received for not obeying Mistress Tamala
  and for Mistress Tamala's effort to train me to be a good little whore for
  her."  
 Miss Tamala watched Suckle as she repeated word for word what she had been
  told to declare. She was proud of the fact that Suckle was seemingly enjoying
  degrading herself for her. She was proud of the control she was achieving over
  Suckle and that dominant feeling filled her once again with sexual arousal.
  She was so sexually aroused that she had the sudden urge to kick Suckle right
  in her pussy with the point of her other high heeled shoe. She had the urge
  to make Suckle feel even deeper pain ... to make her realize that she would
  always be required to sacrifice herself for her Mistress's pleasure. But she
  fought that urge. "That would come later," Miss Tamala thought. "This white
  bitch has no idea of what I have in store for her," she continued thinking.  
 After Miss Tamala fought back the urge to cause more pain to Suckle, she
  turned around, bent over and tilted Suckle's face backwards so that her own
  beautiful bronze face was only an inch or two from Suckle white tearful face.
  Again she started to stroke Suckle's head from front to back ... the 'petting
  puppy' technique she used to reassure Suckle. "Good little numbskull," she
  said to Suckle in that soft comforting tone of voice as she petted her head.
  This tone of voice and petting always made Suckle feel good and had the effect
  of encouraging her to surrender herself even more to Miss Tamala. No matter
  what terms Miss Tamala used to describe her, no matter what names she called
  her, Suckle was beginning to view these derogatory words as 'compliments' since
  they came from the mouth of her Mistress. And her Mistress was rapidly becoming
  the most important person in her life.  
 Miss Tamala sensed Suckle feeling more at ease as she 'petted' her. She
  loved to degrade, punish and then comfort her whore. She loved the feeling
  it gave her of being able to control her thought processes, to make her feel
  stupid and useless and then to make her feel like she was a 'good girl' for
  acknowledging that she was indeed, stupid and useless in the eyes of her superior
  Mistress. As she was enjoying these dominant sensations she was also purposely
  working up a good amount of saliva in her mouth. Just as Miss Tamala's hand
  reach the back part of Suckle's head as she petted her, she suddenly and without
  any warning of any kind, spit all the saliva she had built up in her mouth
  into Suckle's face. The splattering wetness of the saliva hit Suckle right
  between the eyes, high on her nose. It was a large volume of spit and splattered
  into Suckle's eyes, ran down the side of her pretty nose and dripped onto her
  lips and into her mouth.  
 "Now get up you stupid worthless slut and throw all of your belongings into
  the trunk of my car as I told you in the first place," Miss Tamala yelled at
  Suckle. The suddenness of the change in Miss Tamala's demeanor always made
  Suckle tremble. Her fear of Miss Tamala was back and she hurried to obey. "And
  do not in any way try to wipe your face. Leave my spit on your face as a remainder
  how worthless you are," Miss Tamala continued.  
 "Yes Mistress," Suckle answered as she rose to her feet.  
 Suckle hurried to obey. Her punished hand hurt terribly but she managed
  to pick up all of her clothing and walked out of the opened motel room door
  and dumped them into the trunk of Miss Tamala's car. She returned to the motel
  room, gathered up all of her cosmetics and other personal belongings from the
  bathroom, dumped them into the small bathroom trash can and carried them out
  to the car. She was also instructed to dump them in the trunk.  
 Miss Tamala supervised the 'moving' of Suckle. When she was satisfied that
  the last of Suckle's belonging were now in the trunk of her car, she called
  Suckle over to her.  
 She handed Suckle the shoe that she had struck her hand with. "Stick your
  nose into my shoe so you can get familiar with my foot odor. Remember to breathe
  in deeply so my scent seeps into your brain. And do it loudly so I can hear
  you," Miss Tamala said.  
 "Yes Mistress," answered Suckle as she put Miss Tamala's shoe up to her
  nose, buried it deeply into the shoe opening and began sniffing. Suckle had
  never imagined she could become aroused so rapidly by just the scents of someone
  else. Yet, since she began becoming familiar with Miss Tamala's different body
  odors and the odors of the clothing that Miss Tamala wore, she began to view
  this as a type of worship for her Mistress. And this type of worship, getting
  to know her Mistress by her scents became another mode of sexual excitement
  for Suckle. Suckle could feel the tingling deep in her pussy. It was as though
  her pussy had a mind of its own. In her 'old' life, her mind controlled her
  pussy. Now it was quickly becoming the opposite. Her pussy was controlling
  her mind.  
 Miss Tamala knew what was happening to Suckle. She saw the expression of
  surrender in Suckle's face. She saw the perverse smile of lust that Suckle
  displayed as she sunk deeper and deeper into her new lifestyle. All of the
  distinguishing quality traits of the old 'Lynn Langley' were fading into the
  background of her mind. Immerging was 'Suckle,' the personal property of Mistress
  Tamala ... 'Suckle,' the personal sex toy of Mistress Tamala ... 'Suckle,'
  the stupid white whore of Mistress Tamala, who would do anything to please
  and pleasure her beautiful and superior black Mistress ... 'Suckle,' who only
  concentrated her brain power resources to learn one thing now. Listen, listen,
  listen ... obey, obey, obey.  
 After Miss Tamala determined that Suckle had ample time sniffing her shoe
  to become acquainted with her foot scent, she instructed Suckle to kiss her
  high heel and put it back on her foot. Suckle, of course, did as she was directed.
  Miss Tamala was pleased to see how Suckle so reverently kissed her shoe as
  though this sign of respect and worship was indeed coming from her heart. Suckle,
  of her own accord, was learning to love every article of clothing that went
  on the beautiful and superior body of her Mistress.  
 As Miss Tamala drove back to her house with her two bitches she again glanced
  into the rear view mirror. Of course, her bitches were in their proper positions.
  She looked especially at Suckle. She saw her spit still on Suckle's face. Suckle
  even had a little smile on her face. She knew Suckle's pussy, like her own,
  was on fire with desire. She knew they both craved release. Miss Tamala knew
  she could have her orgasm any time she wanted it. But she would deny Suckle
  any release or satisfaction. Dr. Mary had thought her a long time ago that
  a 'hot bitch' was always much easier to control and train.  
 Miss Tamala was satisfied that she had erased any trace of Suckle from the
  motel where she had stayed for the last few days. She knew she had a lot more
  work to do to erase any traces of the old 'Lynn Langley' from the face of the
  earth. Now, as they were nearing the home of Tamala Baker and Dr. Mary Mercy
  a new period of training would begin for Suckle. Piglet was their first joint
  project and while they were satisfied with the outcome of Piglet's training
  they wanted to train Suckle in a somewhat different manner.  
 Tamala and Dr. Mary had discussed the kind of training they envisioned for
  a new 'acquisition' if and when they decided to make one. They had carefully
  planned to make this training as challenging as they could. They purposely
  set down a criterion that their new acquisition would have to meet. She would
  have to be highly intelligent, very beautiful, be between the ages of 21 and
  26, single, and with a background that would be easy to remove so as to not
  raise any suspicions with third parties, and, most importantly, have a submissive
  personality or orientation.  
 Unlike Piglet who was trained to be their housemaid, sexual plaything and
  servant, they wanted to completely change the personality of their new acquisition.
  They wanted to change the way her mind worked, to erase her old way of reasoning
  and install a new set of values based on the most extreme perversions they
  could think of. They wanted to change her body structure to be more like what
  they envisioned a new slave should look like.  
 After more then a year of research, the former Lynn Langley was the one
  they had chosen to be their new acquisition. She met all the standards they
  had set down except one. "There is still her damn fianc&eacute;." Miss Tamala
  thought as she was driving. "But he did have an arrest record for impersonating
  a woman and that was something we may be able to build on," she continued thinking.  
 While Miss Tamala viewed Suckle in the rear view mirror she was again reflecting
  back on how far she had taken Suckle in just a few days. She was absolutely
  satisfied with herself and the control she had gained over Suckle. She had
  laid the groundwork. Now she was really excited as she drove up to the front
  gate of their home in the outer suburbs. She knew Dr. Mary would be waiting.
  And Dr. Mary was the master at dominance. Now she would hand over Suckle to
  Dr. Mary who would contribute to Suckle's training as only Dr. Mary could.  
 As all these thoughts were flashing through Miss Tamala's mind, her pussy
  was now beginning to pulsate even more. She was very close to an orgasm as
  she thought of the training Suckle would go through under the tutelage of Dr.
  Mary. Again Miss Tamala fought for control of her own sexual emotions. "Wait
  a little longer," she was thinking to herself, "the best is yet to come."  
 As Miss Tamala's car went through the trees blocking the view of their house
  from the street and came out to the finely manicured lawn and gardens surrounding
  the house she saw that Dr. Mary's car was parked in the driveway. Obviously
  Dr. Mary had also closed down her offices early today in anticipation of Suckle's
  arrival. As soon as Miss Tamala's car came to a stop beside Dr. Mary's car,
  Piglet jumped out to hold the door open for Miss Tamala. As Miss Tamala got
  out of the car she noticed Dr. Mary on the front porch. Dr. Mary was dressed
  in her usual two piece white medical garb and still had her stethoscope around
  her neck.  
 Miss Tamala came around to the passenger side of her car, opened the door
  and yelled at Suckle. "Get the fuck out whore," she said to Suckle.  
 "Yes Mistress," answered Suckle.  
 Miss Tamala yelled her orders at Suckle loud enough for Dr. Mary to hear
  them. She definitely wanted to impress her tutor and lover with her accomplishment
  of control over Suckle. Miss Tamala assigned Piglet to the task of returning
  later to empty the trunk of Suckle's belonging and told her to bring them down
  to the basement near her living quarters. "She would look through them later," she
  thought to herself.  
 As Miss Tamala approached the front porch, her two bitches in tow, she saw
  Dr. Mary standing there with her hands on her hips. Miss Tamala could tell
  by the familiar grin on Dr. Mary's face that she was waiting eagerly for Suckle
  and no doubt was more then ready to start her training. Dr. Mary kept her eyes
  on Suckle as she watched her try to mimic Piglet's position with her elbows
  close to her sides, breasts pushed out as far as they would go and her hands
  folded in the prayer position between her breasts and under her chin.  
 When they were within a few feet of Dr. Mary she spoke for the first time
  in Suckle's actual present. "Where the fuck are you taking these two whores,
  to church?" Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala in a joking manner as she watched
  the two bitches in their prayer-like positions.  
 "Yes darling," Miss Tamala answered Dr. Mary, "and your pussy will be their
  altar." They both had a good laugh at their joking around and at the expense
  of Piglet and Suckle who both, of course, heard the exchange of words between
  Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary embraced and shared a long
  and passionate lip to lip kiss.  
 This was the first time Suckle had seen Dr. Mary in person. She was in awe
  as she watched these two beautiful mature black women embrace and kiss. She
  watched intently as she saw their mouths open and close and the flash of their
  tongues exploring each others mouth. She recognized Dr. Mary's voice from the
  speaker phone in Miss Tamala's office. Dr. Mary looked like a college professor
  or a highly professional doctor with her thin glasses and perfectly combed
  jet black hair. Of course, her make up was perfect as always. Suckle saw the
  low cleavage white medical jacket Dr. Mary wore today and was mesmerized by
  the very large breasts straining against her jacket. There was a perception
  of 'authority' about her and Suckle felt very insignificant in her presence.
  Suckle let her eyes drift down and saw the very wide hips and the prominent
  ass of Dr. Mary stretching the material of her slacks to the maximum. She could
  very clearly see the outline of Dr. Mary's panties through the thin white medical
  fabric of her slacks.  
 When Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary disengaged from their passionate embrace,
  Miss Tamala told Piglet to get on with her task of emptying the trunk of Suckle's
  belongings. This left Miss Tamala, Dr. Mary, and Suckle alone for the moment.  
 "So you like to suck ass, huh?" she said directly to Suckle. Dr. Mary never
  pulled any punches. "Guess that makes you an ass licker, right?" she continued
  talking to Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," Suckle answered. Dr. Mary's voice was very firm and not as
  womanly as Miss Tamala's. Suckle remembered that Dr. Mary was a 'dear friend'
  of her Mistress and also remembered her instructions to refer to her as ma'am.
  But it felt really strange having all of what Suckle had considered some sort
  of 'private matters' exposed to this other scholarly woman. Answering to questions
  over the telephone didn't seem as personal as answering questions in a face
  to face situation.  
 "Step in front of me and put your arms behind your back," Dr. Mary ordered
  Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle as she complied with Dr. Mary's instructions.  
 Dr. Mary began to unbutton Suckle's blouse. Suckle looked through the thinly
  framed glasses of Dr. Mary and saw the very black eyeballs floating in the
  pure white background. Just as Miss Tamala's eyes intimidated her so did Dr.
  Mary's. Yet, dressed in the white medical uniform with the stethoscope around
  her neck, Dr. Mary gave Suckle the impression of an 'angel of mercy' ... someone
  who would be understanding, gentle and kind to her. Of course she didn't know
  much about Dr. Mary. She would soon find out different.  
 When Dr. Mary finished unbuttoning Suckle's blouse, she pulled back both
  sides of the blouse until it hung off her shoulders and part way down her arms
  that were folded around her back. This completely exposed Suckle's bra covered
  chest and waist. Dr. Mary than placed her dark hands with the perfectly manicured
  fingernails on the whiteness of Suckle's bra, and squeezed her breasts as though
  she was a doctor testing them for weight and firmness.  
 "Nice tits for an ass licker," she said to Miss Tamala.  
 "Yes, I thought you would like them," answered Miss Tamala.  
 Suckle remained quiet since the conversation was between Dr. Mary and Miss
  Tamala. What's more, she was afraid to say anything without being directed
  to speak. They were both discussing Suckle as though she was just some kind
  of dumb animal or a piece of meat.  
 "Let's see how much elasticity the nipples have in them," Dr. Mary said
  to Miss Tamala.  
 "Well, you're the doctor," replied Miss Tamala in a light hearted tone of
  voice and with an evil like grin on her face. "They seem to stretch pretty
  far from what I did to them."  
 "Well let's just see, shall we sweetheart?" Dr. Mary said in a professional
  tone of voice to Miss Tamala as she reached into her wide jacket pocket and
  took out a small pair of scissors. She took the scissors and cut down the middle
  of Suckle's bra as a surgeon would remove clothing in some kind of an emergency.
  Suckle's breasts immediately sprung loose as both ends of her cut bra hung
  down from her shoulders.  
 Suckle got that worried and fearful look on her face as she realized her
  breasts were free of their 'container' and she stood there like some rag doll
  with her blouse half way down her arms and her cut bra hanging in two pieces
  from her shoulders. Dr. Mary reached into her other jacket pocket and took
  out an instrument that looked like an ordinary pair of pliers although the
  head of the instrument was very wide with serrated tips.  
 "Now listen to me you ass licking whore," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "I'm
  going to test your nipples to see how much elasticity they have in them. I
  want you to keep your hands folded behind your back. I also want you to keep
  looking into my eyes. It that clearly understood?"  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle the fear very apparent in her voice. Dr. Mary
  and Miss Tamala could clearly hear the gulping sound coming from Suckle voice
  as she swallowed hard.  
 Suckle felt the cold chrome pliers getting a grip on her first nipple. She
  felt the head of the pliers come together on her nipple as it squeezed tighter
  and tighter. Suckle's mouth opened almost automatically as she felt the first
  pangs of pain in her nipple. The serrated tips closed together and dug deeper
  into the nipple. Then Dr. Mary began very slowly pulling the nipple outward.  
 "Aahh ... aahh ...aahh ..." came the short and rapid sounds from Suckle's
  opened mouth as she took very short breaths of air as though that would somehow
  ease the pain she felt. Suckle kept her eyes on the eyes of Dr. Mary and saw
  the smile come on Dr. Mary's face as she pulled the nipple outward further
  and further. It was obvious Dr. Mary was getting pleasure from pulling on Suckle's
  nipple. "Oooohhhh ... aaahhhh ... plea ... please ... pleaseeee ..." the sounds
  came from Suckle as she began to beg as the pain intensified.  
 "Please, please, please what slut", Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "I'm having
  fun, aren't you?" she mocked Suckle.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed at Dr. Mary mocking Suckle. Miss Tamala
  looked down at Suckle's breast which was now stretched out further than she
  had stretched it earlier in the day with her fingers. But then Dr. Mary had
  a good grip on the nipple with the serrated tips of the pliers so she was able
  to get more leverage.  
 Miss Tamala was on fire with sexual arousal watching Dr. Mary in action
  with Suckle for the first time. She leaned over and kissed Dr. Mary on the
  side of her face to encourage her and to let her know that she too was enjoying
  the proceedings. "You're such a great doctor," she said to Dr. Mary.  
 "Don't you think my good friend is a great doctor," Miss Tamala said to
  Suckle as she turned to face her.  
 "I ... I ... ye ... yes ... ooohhh ...aaaahhhh ... yes Mistress, yes Mistress
  ... yes," Suckle did her best to answer in between her attempt to catch her
  breath.  
 "Would you like to see how fucking excited you got me ass licker?" Dr. Mary
  said to Suckle. Suckle didn't answer. She didn't know how to answer and she
  was afraid to say the wrong thing. Dr. Mary held the pliers with Suckle's outstretched
  nipple in one hand and with the other hand she took one of Suckle's hands from
  behind her back. She slid Suckle's hand inside of her slacks and pushed down
  on it until Suckle's hand was on the front of her panties at the crotch. Dr.
  Mary was totally soaked with her pussy juices as they flowed through her silk
  panties.  
 "See bitch, see what you did to me?" Dr. Mary continued to speak to Suckle
  as though it was all Suckle's fault that she was so aroused.  
 Suckle's hand felt like it was trapped in between the slacks of Dr. Mary
  and the front of her panties. She felt the moisture of Dr. Mary's vagina flowing
  through her panties. She could also feel like what seemed to her to be a massive
  amount of pubic hair through the material of the panties. Even though she was
  in extreme pain from the pliers on her outstretched nipple she couldn't control
  the urge she felt to explore even further. She let her hand and fingers move
  and roam all around Dr. Mary's pussy and the more she explored the more she
  had the urge to go even further.  
 Dr. Mary let go of the pliers. Suckle's sore nipple sprung back and her
  breast return to its normal shape although the pain the pliers had caused didn't
  subside. "Kneel down bitch," Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," came Suckle's meek reply.  
 "Take my slacks and panties off," Dr. Mary told Suckle.  
 "Yes ma'am," answered Suckle as she pulled down on the elastic waistband
  of Dr. Mary's slacks. Once Suckle had the slacks off she reached up again to
  begin to take Dr. Mary's panties off. Suckle's hands were shaking but this
  time it wasn't out of fear, rather she was very excited and she could unmistakably
  feel the excitement deep in her pussy.  
 Miss Tamala sensing the excitement of the scene she was witnessing moved
  over next to Dr. Mary. She put her arm around Dr. Mary's shoulder and hugged
  her tightly. This also gave her a good view of the kneeling Suckle as she was
  assisting Dr. Mary to step out of her panties.  
 Suckle looked again at Dr. Mary's pussy that was directly in front of her
  face. She noticed that Dr. Mary's skin was darker than Miss Tamala's. But like
  Miss Tamala, Dr. Mary had a massive amount of jet black pubic hair surrounding
  her vagina. The hair glistened with Dr. Mary's free flowing pussy juices and
  the scent coming from there filled Suckle's nostrils. Suckle felt her passion
  building and the urge to do "bad" things as she used to think of them was flashing
  through her mind. "I want to suck, I want to suck ... I am a sucker ... I am
  a whore ..." she was thinking to herself.  
 Dr. Mary moved her hips forward so her pussy hairs just brushed lightly
  on Suckle's face in a teasing motion. She let Suckle get a little feel of the
  soaked pussy hair and at the same time let her get a good smell of the sexual
  scent her vagina was emitting.  
 Miss Tamala while hugging Dr. Mary around her shoulders with one hand let
  her other hand drift down on to Dr. Mary's lower belly with her dark and pretty
  fingers down even further into the pubic hairs. She then looked down at the
  kneeling white face touching ever so slightly the jet black pubic hairs surrounding
  Dr. Mary's pussy.  
 "Tell Dr. Mary what you want to do whore," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 "I want to suck ... I want to suck ma'am ... please, please ... I want to
  suck ..." Suckle was looking up at Miss Tamala with an incredible lustful pleading
  look on her face.  
 Dr. Mary reached down and grabbed Suckle by the hair and pulled her head
  backward. "Tell me you little white pig, look at me and tell me what you are," she
  almost yelled at Suckle.  
 "I'm ... I'm a sucker ... I'm a whore ... I'm a white ass licker ... I'm
  a ..." Suckle was trying to think of what ever derogatory words she could think
  of to describe herself and to please both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala as she looked
  up into their smiling faces. The more Suckle degraded herself the more excited
  she became. She wanted to masturbate. She wanted to touch herself so bad. She
  felt the pounding pulsating deep in her pussy that was begging to be satisfied.  
 Dr. Mary grabbed Suckle by both ears and pulled her face into her pussy. "Suck
  then you bastard," she said to Suckle. "Yes, yes, stick your tongue in there
  ... yes, that's the way ... up and down ... up and down the slit ... that's
  it you fucking white whore ... stick your nose in too you bastard ..." Dr.
  Mary yelled and urged Suckle on.  
 Dr. Mary began a gyrating motion on Suckle's face buried deeply into her
  pussy. Then a back and forth motion as though she was fucking Suckle's face.  
"Up a little whore ... a little higher ... find my clit ... that's it ...
  that's it ... right there, right there ... yes, take the clit between your
  lips and suck on it ... yes, yes ... oh, shit, oh shit ... I'm cumming ...
  I'm cumming ... suck it ... yes, I'm cumminnnnngggggggg ... lap all my juices
  up like a dog ..." Dr. Mary was totally out of control with lust and the feeling
  of this mouth and tongue bringing her to a total and blissful orgasm.  
 When Dr. Mary's orgasm finally subsided and she was regaining control she
  let Suckle's head go. Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala looked down at the still
  kneeling Suckle. Her face was totally covered with the pussy juices from Dr.
  Mary. There were even some pubic hairs stuck to her face. They both laughed
  at their new acquisition.  
 Dr. Mary turned and kissed Miss Tamala in a long and loving kiss. "This
  is going to be a wonderful weekend," she said to Miss Tamala. "We are going
  to have a wonderful time with our new whore."  
 "Yes darling," Miss Tamala replied. "Shall we go inside?"  
(To be continued).............  
Chapter IX---Suckle visits Dr. Mary's
    Laboratory   
 Suckle was still kneeling, her
    face covered with the vaginal drippings of Dr. Mary's intense orgasm. She
    was totally aroused after, for the second time in her life, performing oral
    sex on another woman. Her life, as she once knew it, was changing at a rapid
    pace and what was surprising to her, was that she was finding some deep and
    weird satisfaction in her new life as the property of Miss Tamala. Even more
    surprising was the fact that just the thought of getting her head in between
    the legs of one of these highly intelligent, beautiful and mature black women
    was enough to make her nipples spring to life and her vagina begin to drip
    with excitement. These were sexual emotions that she never felt before. It
    not only stirred unexplored and new sexual arousal in her vagina but also
    gave her psyche the feeling that doing, what she had once considered as being
    appalling behavior for someone, was making her feel good and fulfilled in
    her own mind, almost as though it was in reality her destiny.   
 Right at the moment Suckle would
    have loved to be able to masturbate herself to ease the craving that was
    soaring through her entire body. Every cell in her body was alive with sexual
    desire from the way her head, face, nose, mouth and tongue had been used
    by Dr. Mary. But she was becoming accustomed to denying her own feelings
    in deference to her Mistress's pleasure.   
 While Dr. Mary had entered the
    front door to the house, Miss Tamala was 'tending' to their new bitch.   
 "Suckle, pick up Dr. Mary's slacks
    and fold them very carefully being sure to keep the seams straight. Do the
    same with her panties keeping the crotch area that touched Dr. Mary's pussy
    and asshole face up. When you have them folded as I have instructed you,
    carry them in the palms of your hands. Keep your hands waist high and out
    in front of you at all times," Miss Tamala was directing Suckle in a 'teacher'
    tone of voice again.   
 The preciseness of Miss Tamala's
    orders to Suckle was very important in Suckle's training. This procedure
    would train Suckle to listen very carefully to Miss Tamala's every word and
    make her believe, and in fact later become, a very dumb, stupid and brainless
    bitch that depended on Miss Tamala or Dr. Mary to be able to function in
    any manner.   
 "It was like training an animal," Dr.
    Mary had told Miss Tamala, "get them to a point where you yell a command
    and they jump through the hoop without even a moment's thought."   
 "You must learn that any clothing
    or undergarments that belong to one of your Mistress's are sacred as far
    as you're concerned and you are to treat them with the reverence that you
    would any sacred object," Miss continued teaching Suckle. "Do you understand
    that idiot," Miss Tamala was enforcing the thought in Suckle's mind that
    she was stupid and had to depend on her for directions."   
 When Miss Tamala was satisfied
    that Suckle had complied with her instructions she opened the front door
    and led Suckle, who was now walking like she was in some kind of religious
    procession the way she carried Dr. Mary's slacks and panties as she had been
    instructed to, into the foyer. When Suckle was only a few feet into the vestibule,
    Miss Tamala made her stop. She then took the slacks and panties of Dr. Mary
    from Suckle's outstretched hands and held them up to Suckle's mouth.   
 "Kiss them," Miss Tamala said to
    Suckle referring to Dr. Mary's clothing, "learn to love and adore any article
    of clothing that touches the wonderful and beautiful bodies of your Mistress's."   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Suckle.
    Suckle placed a soft kiss on both articles of clothing as though they were
    objects to be worshipped. Miss Tamala was pleasantly surprised to hear Suckle
    sniffing in a loud and very audible manner at the slacks and especially the
    panties of Dr. Mary in order to fill her senses with the scent of this clothing. "I
    didn't even have to tell the bitch to smell and to do it loud enough so I
    could hear her. The fucking bastard did it on her own," Miss Tamala was thinking.
    It was apparent to Miss Tamala that Suckle was doing this from her heart.
    She was really becoming what Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary wanted her to become
    ... a idiotic white bitch that they could use for their pleasure in any way
    they so desired.   
 Miss Tamala was still in a high
    state of sexual arousal from all the day's activities. She had been telling
    herself all day to 'wait, hold back, it will be better later.' She had let
    Dr. Mary use Suckle for her pleasure first and now she could almost feel
    Suckle's tongue running up and down the slit of her own pussy as she watched
    her training efforts coming to fruition in Suckle's behavior.   
 "Now turn around, walk as close
    to the corner as you can get, put your hands down to your sides and stand
    at attention facing the corner until I come back for you," Miss Tamala continued.   
 "Yes Mistress," replied Suckle.
    She walked the two steps that was necessary and got into the corner of the
    foyer as close to the wall as she possibly could. She put her feet together
    with her arms and hands down at her side and stood as rigid as a statue.
    Then she waited as she was instructed.   
 Before Suckle had been ordered
    into the corner, she had a few minutes to glance around the vestibule. It
    was a magnificent entranceway. The floor was covered in ceramic tile ...
    the walls were covered with rich colored printed wallpaper that was of an
    African motif. It gave Suckle the sense that she was stepping into another
    country ... a country she was not familiar with. On the table against the
    one wall of the foyer was a large colored photograph of Miss Tamala and Dr.
    Mary. The view of the couple in the photograph was only from the neck up
    but she could plainly see Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary in a cheek to cheek, smiling
    and happy pose as though they were sisters ... or lovers.   
 It seemed like a very long time
    before Suckle heard the sound of high heel shoes coming up behind her again.
    Yet, she did exactly as she was instructed and kept her position facing the
    wall. She was having a hard time standing so erect and at attention but nevertheless
    she didn't move an inch. While Suckle was holding her position, it gave her
    a little time to reflect on what was taking place in her life. She was thinking
    of how intimidated she was in the presence of these two beautiful demanding
    women. She was trying to recall what she had come to this city for in the
    first place. She tried to remember her interview with Miss Tamala and the
    career as an attorney she so very much wanted. Yet none of that seemed important
    now. Here she was, her blouse hanging from her shoulders, her bra cut in
    two and also hanging from her shoulders and her breasts hanging bare for
    anyone to see. Her hand and nipples hurt from the abuse they had received
    at the hands of Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. And still she felt a sense of fear
    mixed with lustful excitement at being at this place.   
 As the sound of the high heel shoes
    approached closer and closer to Suckle she began to tremble with trepidation
    again. Then she felt the very cold steel of a metal collar being placed around
    her neck. Suckle let her eyes drift downward to see the rich wide chrome
    chain link collar that had been placed there. She felt something very cold
    touching the bare skin part of her shoulder that was exposed. Suckle realized
    it was some sort of chain as she felt it being attached to a steel link on
    the front of the collar.   
 "Turn around whore," she heard
    the stern voice of Miss Tamala.   
 "Yes Mistress," replied Suckle
    to voice she recognized as belonging to Miss Tamala. As she turned, Suckle
    was flabbergasted at what she saw. She was now face to face with Miss Tamala
    who held in her hand a long chrome chain that was attached to the link in
    the collar around her neck. But Miss Tamala's appearance had totally changed.
    Miss Tamala's hair was no longer in the bun style it had been earlier. The
    jet black hair now hung down loosely to her neckline. Her face was, as always,
    perfectly made up. Her rich full lips had a new application of an orange
    colored lipstick. Miss Tamala had changed into a negligee type of gown. It
    was also a soft orange color and was almost transparent. It was also sleeveless
    with very deep cleavage and narrow bands of material running from her shoulders
    to her waist in a v-shape ending in the center of her torso. There was no
    bra and the silky soft material had a very hard time containing those beautiful
    dark breasts of Miss Tamala and seemed as though they were on the verge of
    'spilling out at any moment.' The darker brown nipples of Miss Tamala's breasts
    were clearly visible as they made pointed peaks in the soft material. The
    gown only had three decorative buttons. They started far below the breast
    line, the second was about at belly button level, and the last button ended
    at just above Miss Tamala's loins. The negligee gown ended just above Miss
    Tamala's ankles. There were very wide slits on the side of the gown that
    ran from her ankles to her waist.   
 Suckle stood in awe at the beauty
    of this African American woman. There was rich dark brown flesh everywhere
    ...her beautiful face, her large firm breasts ... the thickness of Miss Tamala's
    thighs were clearly visible with just the slightest movement ... the dark
    muscular calves of her legs played a game of peek-a-boo with Suckle's eyes
    through the slits in the gown.   
 Suckle again felt insignificant
    in front of this beautiful taller mature woman as she looked up at her face.
    She had the urge to kneel as a way of paying homage or tribute to Miss Tamala
    as she imagined someone of 'lower status' would to a Goddess. Instead she
    felt the chain of her choker metal collar pull her face closer to Miss Tamala.   
 "Look at you, you fucking whore," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle in a condescending tone of voice, "you still have all
    of Dr. Mary pussy juices on your ugly face."   
 The words 'whore' and 'ugly' had
    an intense effect on Suckle's mind. She didn't have much more doubt in her
    mind that she really must be a 'whore.' After all she thought to herself "how
    many girls suck another woman's pussy like I did?" But the work 'ugly' was
    a new description that Miss Tamala was using to portray her. Everyone in
    the past paid her compliments and told her how pretty she was. She even had
    offers to do some modeling. "But," she was thinking to herself again, "I
    must be really ugly if Mistress Tamala sees me that way. Look at how beautiful
    she is, so I must be ugly compared to her."   
 Suckle saw Miss Tamala's free hand
    coming up to her face. She saw the long and beautiful brown fingers with
    the manicured finger nails moving toward her face cheeks. Then she felt the
    finger of Miss Tamala scraping all the pussy juices on her face cheeks and
    push them all in the direction of her mouth.   
 It took a few seconds for Miss
    Tamala to gather up all the left over and abundant pussy juices of Dr. Mary
    from the cheeks and face of Suckle down toward her mouth. When she was satisfied
    with her effort she looked directly into the eyes of Suckle.   
 "Open," she said to Suckle. Without
    a bit of hesitation Suckle opened her mouth. Miss Tamala, with her long finger
    pushed the juices over Suckle's parted lips and into her mouth.   
 "Now close your mouth but don't
    swallow until I tell you too. I want you to run your tongue all around your
    mouth and all over your teeth. Let the nectar of Dr. Mary's pussy fill your
    taste buds. Savor the taste you fucking nitwit," Miss Tamala said feeling
    the rush of excitement flash through her body at the power she had to freely
    abuse and degrade this white bitch.   
 Suckle did as she was told. There
    was a large quantity of vaginal juices in her mouth and they were becoming
    somewhat sticky from being open to the elements on her face for some length
    of time but she managed it and even felt a tingle of excitement as she thought
    of how depraved this act would seem to the average person. Yet she couldn't
    deny the excited sexual feeling running throughout her subservient mind and
    body as she obeyed and degraded herself for the pleasure of her Mistress.   
 Miss Tamala watched Suckle closely.
    She watched every movement of Suckle's mouth. She saw her face cheeks move
    in and out and the protrusion of Suckle's lips as she ran her tongue over
    her upper teeth and then her bottom teeth. The more Miss Tamala watched Suckle
    obey her every order the more apparent it became to her that Suckle was becoming
    hers body and soul. She was getting Suckle to the point that she would do
    anything ... anything at all if she thought it would somehow please her Mistress
    and bring pleasure to her.   
 Miss Tamala was so engrossed in
    observing the obedience of Suckle she didn't hear Dr. Mary walk in the foyer
    and stand in back of her.   
 "Stop," Miss Tamala said to Suckle, "open
    that filthy mouth of yours and let me see how you are doing."   
 Suckle opened her mouth as wide
    as she possibly could as though she was attempting to show Miss Tamala how
    obedient she was. In her own mind Suckle thought that the faster and wider
    she opened her mouth in this almost perverse manner, it would demonstrate
    her total devotion and would please her Mistress.   
 "Good," Miss Tamala said. "You
    did a good job of spreading all of Dr. Mary's cum juices around your mouth.
    Now tip your head backward and swallow all of it."   
 Suckle felt proud at the 'good'
    compliment Miss Tamala gave her. She immediately tipped her head backward
    and swallowed. She knew Miss Tamala liked to not only watch her swallow but
    also liked to hear her so she made an audible gulping sound as she swallowed.
    When all of the liquid mixture had disappeared down her throat, she ran her
    tongue over her lips just because she thought this action would please Miss
    Tamala ... and she was right.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing
    at this voluntary act of Suckle running her tongue over her lips retrieving
    the last of the sticky substance that was there as though it was cotton candy
    that had stuck to her lips. "Don't worry you little motherfucker," she said
    to Suckle, "there's a lot more where that came from."   
 Dr. Mary had been watching her
    prot&eacute;g&eacute; and Suckle. She walked over closer to Miss Tamala to
    make her presence known. "My, you look beautiful sweetheart," she said to
    Miss Tamala. "You look absolutely yummy in orange. It contrasts with your
    beautiful skin perfectly."   
 "Oh, thank you darling," Miss Tamala
    replied to Dr. Mary. "Looks like you are prepared to give our whore her physical
    examination."   
 Dr. Mary had changed into a 'scrub'
    type of hospital clothing. She wore a v-neck top that was sleeveless and
    had been altered to end at just below her ample breasts where there was a
    drawstring. The drawstring was pulled tight making the front of the top bulge
    out from the size of her large and firm breasts. There wasn't any doubt that
    Dr. Mary was not wearing a bra as you could distinctly see the jutting out
    of her large nipples. She also wore a 'modified' pair of 'scrub' pants. They
    were tight fitting; however, they had been cut-off high on the legs. This
    gave anyone who saw her, an excellent view of her muscular dark thighs and,
    of course, the prominent ass that Dr. Mary was so proud of.   
 Suckle saw Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala
    exchange a lip to lip kiss to go along with their exchange of compliments
    of one another.   
 "Shall we go down to the examination
    room darling?" Dr. Mary asked Miss Tamala.   
 "By all means doctor," Miss Tamala
    answered emphasizing the word 'doctor' as though she knew something about
    what was about to take place in the examination room. "Take your shoes off
    whore," she said to Suckle.   
 "Yes Mistress," Suckle answered.
    Suckle's eyes were large with apprehension after seeing Dr. Mary in the hospital
    clothing and hearing the conversation about a 'physical examination.' Yet
    as soon as she heard the stern voice of Miss Tamala, she snapped back into
    her obedience mode that was now becoming ingrained in her mind and took her
    shoes off.   
 "Pick up your shoes and carry them
    with you," Miss Tamala ordered Suckle. When Suckle had her shoes in her hands
    Miss Tamala gave a hard pull on the chain attached to Suckle's choker chain
    collar that had the effect of tightening the metal collar around Suckle's
    neck, biting into the skin for just a moment in order to cause a sharp instant
    of pain. "Now pay attention bitch," Miss Tamala continued speaking to Suckle, "I
    never want to have to waste my breath on a dumb bastard like you, so whenever
    I pull on your chain you will recognize it as a signal to follow, do you
    understand?" Miss Tamala again pulled on the chain even harder than the first
    time to emphasize her instructions.   
 "Ahh ... ahh ... yes, Mistress
    Tamala," answered Suckle obviously feeling the bite of the metal collar links
    on the skin of her neck.   
 Dr. Mary watched the beginning
    phases of the training of Suckle with a very large smile on her face. It
    was clear that she thoroughly enjoyed seeing Miss Tamala in action. It was
    even more obvious that she enjoyed watching the expressions of pain on Suckle's
    face and was deriving some sort of sexual satisfaction from it because she
    had her one hand down the front of her scrub shorts. From the movement of
    this hand it was pretty clear that she was stimulating herself.   
 The procession started down the
    hallway toward the basement door. Miss Tamala in her beautiful negligee-like
    gown walking as though she was a model walking down a runway with her very
    shapely ass moving in an up and down motion, Dr. Mary in her 'modified' hospital
    type scrub clothing, her prominent ass swaying back and forth, and Suckle
    in her opened blouse and pieces of her bra hanging from her shoulders ...
    her bare breasts bouncing up and down as she walked and her new addition
    ... a wide steel choker chain collar around her neck attached to another
    chain being held by her Mistress.   
 For a moment the old thoughts of
    doubt were flashing through Suckle's mind. This thought process was brought
    on by fear ... fear of the unknown. She didn't understand what was happening
    to her. For a moment she wished she was home ... home safe in her dorm room
    at college ... or maybe somewhere safe with David, her fianc&eacute;. But
    as she watched the model-like walk of Miss Tamala, and the prominent and
    swaying ass of Dr. Mary she began to recall sucking both of their pussies.
    The more she thought of this, the more she could swear she could smell their
    scent ... the scent that got her aroused. She felt her nipples getting hard
    again, the little twitches of excitement in her stomach muscles leading down
    into her vagina area. Even the steel choker chain collar around her neck
    was having the effect of confirming her submissive personality as she was
    being led behind this two beautiful and mysterious African American woman
    ... "led to where?" she thought to herself. Then her mind felt like it was
    spinning again but this time the 'old thoughts' weren't prevalent anymore. "Listen,
    listen, listen ... obey, obey, obey ..." she was thinking now. "I want to
    suck ... I want to suck ... ass licker ... ass licker ..." The words that
    Miss Tamala had repeatedly planted in Suckle's mind by repetition were taking
    over her thought processes. Now Suckle was reaching new heights of sexual
    arousal and that large lustful and involuntary smile appeared on her face
    again as she followed her Mistress and Ma'am Dr. Mary to wherever they were
    taking her.   
 As the trio reached the vicinity
    of the door in the hallway leading to the basement, Miss Tamala stopped for
    a minute. "Piglet," Miss Tamala yelled in the direction of the kitchen.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Piglet as she immediately appeared in front of Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary.
    Piglet had also changed into her prescribed dress for the day. She had a
    transparent spandex type of very short briefs on. They were very tight fitting
    and ended at just below her crotch area. However, the entire crotch area
    had been cut away completely exposing her vagina. On the top part of her
    body she wore another modified type of transparent bra made of the same material.
    There wasn't any fabric in the 'cup' area of the bra. There were only bands
    of tightly fitting spandex material that ran around the very base of her
    breasts. This type of 'bra' made Piglet's breasts jut outward in a distorted
    cone shape from her chest. Her nipples appeared to extend out even further
    with her breasts constrained so tightly in this fashion. Each of her nipples
    had a chrome ring in them. Each ring had a hook from which an ornament in
    the shape of a small African bongo drum was hanging. One bongo drum had the
    name 'Mistress Mary' clearly inscribed on it and the other was inscribed
    with the name 'Mistress Tamala'.   
 Suckle stared at Piglet. She had
    never seen or even imagined any one being 'dressed' in this way. She was
    equally amazed at the Piglet's distorted and bulging breasts with the ornaments
    attached to them. But when she let her eyes look downward, what even startled
    Suckle more was the stretched out lips of Piglets outer vulva lips. She had
    never imagined that a female's genitals could be stretched out to hang this
    far down. She didn't get too much time to observe anything else when she
    heard Mistress Tamala's voice.   
 "Bring a card board box and a two
    large glasses of ice tea with lemon to Dr. Mary's laboratory," Miss Talama
    ordered Piglet. "And also bring your plastic urinal with you." Miss Tamala
    pulled sharply and hard on Suckle's choker chain without saying another word.
    Suckle remembered Miss Tamala's instructions and with a little 'ahh' sound
    coming from her mouth from the pain caused by the tightening of her collar
    she immediately obeyed the pulling of the chain by following her Mistress
    and Dr. Mary.   
 As the trio descended the stairs
    into the basement a whole new set of fears arose in Suckle's mind. The cinder
    block walls gave the basement a gloomy atmosphere and unlike the first floor
    of the house the basement was damp. It appeared to Suckle as a place that
    someone might go and disappear and never be seen again. Even the thought
    of death entered her mind and between the dampness of the air and the fear
    she was feeling within her mind she was again visibly shaking.   
 Miss Tamala led Suckle by her collar
    and chain down to the far end of the basement following Dr. Mary. This was
    Dr. Mary's half of the basement. Dr. Mary unlocked the entry door, opened
    the door wide and entered the room where she turned the lights on. Immediately
    the florescent lighting flashed on in its bluish tinted brightness and was
    almost blinding after coming out of the more dimly lit rest of the basement.
    Suckle felt the bite of the choker chain sink into the skin around her neck. "Move
    and follow," her brain told her in response to the signal her Mistress had
    sent her by 'pulling her chain.' And like the very obedient little bitch
    she was becoming she followed Miss Tamala into Dr. Mary's brightly lit room.   
 Suckle stared in astonishment as
    her eyes adjusted to the light in the room. It appeared as though she had
    just entered some sort of medical facility. The walls appeared to be made
    of stainless steel and there was a very large examination table in the center
    of the room. It had a very high intensity circular and adjustable light above
    it as though this examination table could also be used to perform surgery.
    The examination table also had many attachments and moving parts. At almost
    the end of the table were a pair of stainless steel stirrups and Suckle knew
    from past experience what these stirrups were used for.   
 Miss Tamala watched the worried
    look on Suckle's face. Her mind flashed back to the first time she and Dr.
    Mary had Piglet in this room for her first physical examination. That day
    seemed like so long ago and yet she remembered how exciting it was. The excitement
    and ecstasy of that day long ago ended with her and Dr. Mary making intensive
    love on the floor with Piglet still on the examination table sobbing in a
    mixture of pain and pleasure from her very first physical exam by Dr. Mary.
    As Miss Tamala was thinking of the first time with Piglet she felt the pent
    up desire in her vagina that had been building all day. Many times during
    this day she had felt the urge to grab Suckle's head and push it between
    her legs. Many times during this day she wanted so desperately to feel Suckle's
    novice tongue lapping away at her slit, her vagina lips and finally teaching
    her how to suck on her clit like a baby would suck on a pacifier. As she
    watched the trembling and worried Suckle she knew it would not be long now
    and she would be able to release and satisfy all these repressed desires
    that was making her pussy throb with need.   
 "Bring the bitch over here," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala pointing to a corner in the room. Miss Tamala pulled
    on Suckle's choker chain and led her over to the place designated by Dr.
    Mary. When Suckle was in place, Dr. Mary wheeled over a stainless steel medical
    cart that had a large amount of what seemed to Suckle as medical instruments
    on it. She placed the cart in front of Suckle so she would have a clear view
    of it. Then Dr. Mary looked directly into the face of Suckle to see what
    kind of effect the medical cart was having on her. She smiled as she saw
    Suckle begin to shake even more with fear.   
 Dr. Mary walked over and grabbed
    Suckle's nipples between her finger and thumb and squeezed tightly pulling
    them outward and shaking them violently up and down.   
 "Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch," Suckle
    began to moan in short spurts of apparent pain.   
 "What are you afraid of ass licker," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as she was moaning out loud. "Miss Tamala and I are just
    going to have some fun with you. You want us to have fun, don't you?"   
 "Oh, oh, ouch ... ye ... yes ma'am," Suckle
    answered in little sobs.   
 "Well you stupid bitch, tell us
    you want us to have fun with you," Dr. Mary told Suckle as she eased off
    somewhat on the shaking of her breasts by the nipples.   
 "Ahh, oh, ... yes ma'am," replied
    Suckle. "I ... I," Suckle started to answer, and then paused for a moment
    to try to remember how Miss Tamala had taught her to answer these types of
    questions. "This ... this stupid bitch wants Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary
    have to have fun with her," Suckle continued.   
 Miss Tamala got a big smile on
    her face with Suckle's answer. She was very pleased to see her efforts in
    the training of Suckle were taking effect. However she watched as Dr. Mary
    raised her hand high above her head and slapped Suckle very hard in the face.
    Dr. Mary, Miss Tamala knew, was never one to go easy when she was in a disciplining
    mood. The hard slap snapped Suckle's face to one side and it was only a second
    before her eyes began to fill with tears.   
 "From this moment on you with always
    address me as Madame Doctor Mercy. You Suckle, the idiot whore, must always
    show the deepest respect and reverence for my position. Do you know Madame
    Doctor Mercy has a medical degree with a master's degree in psychiatry?" Dr.
    Mary yelled in the face of Suckle putting an emphasis on the words 'Madame
    Doctor Mercy.' Dr. Mary had purposely used her last name because she enjoyed
    the stimulation she felt in her loins when she heard the sound of Suckle's
    voice asking 'Mercy' for forgiveness after she had disciplined her.   
 "I &hellip; I'm ... Suckle is sorry
    ... Madame Doctor Mercy," Suckle answered correcting herself faster this
    time in referring to herself in the third person.   
 Miss Tamala walked over to Suckle
    and began petting her head back and forth ... the 'poor' puppy modus operandi
    again.   
 "Dr. Mary," Miss Tamala started
    explaining to Dr. Mary in a soft voice while continuously petting Suckle, "I
    guess I should have told you that Suckle isn't very smart. As a matter of
    fact Suckle is one of the 'dumbest white bitches' I have ever come across.
    I even had to tell the 'nitwit' how to use her tongue on my pussy and show
    her where my clit was," Miss Tamala continued using a tone of voice that
    seemed to be showing concern for Suckle while it was really meant to instill
    and reinforced Suckle's stupidity in her thought processes.   
 This mind control procedure was
    used to keep Suckle unsuspecting and confused. Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had
    perfected their technique on Piglet to the point where it was almost like
    second nature to them now. Slowly the last little remnants of Suckle's past
    self confidence and self respect were disappearing from her mentality.   
 Piglet walked into the laboratory
    with the ice tea, card board box and plastic urinal that Miss Tamala had
    ordered. She was holding the two glasses of ice tea on a serving tray with
    one hand while the other hand held the card board box and plastic urinal.   
 "Put the card board box over here
    in front of your sister whore Suckle," Miss Tamala ordered Piglet. "Put the
    serving tray and the urinal on the table and then get in your holding position
    and wait," Miss Tamala continued instructing Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," obeyed Piglet.   
 Dr. Mary picked up a large pair
    of scissors and walked behind Suckle. "Bend your head forward fuck head," Dr.
    Mary told Suckle. "Throw your shoes in the card board box in front of you," she
    continued.   
 "Yes Madame Doctor Mercy," answered
    Suckle remembering to address Dr. Mary in the 'respectful' way she had been
    instructed to.   
 Suckle felt Dr. Mary removing her
    choker collar. When the collar was removed, Suckle felt cold metal on the
    back of her neck. She then heard the sound of scissors cutting and the feel
    of the cold metal blades of the scissors as they went down her back, through
    the back of her blouse, through the straps of the back of her bra and stop
    when the cold metal blades reached the back of her waist. Dr. Mary then cut
    up both of her sleeves toward her neck until the tattered and cut blouse
    and bra fell on the floor. Suckle was now completely bare down to the waist.
    Her face turned a complete shade of red as she realized what had just taken
    place and that her back, breasts, nipples and chest were completely exposed
    to everyone in the room.   
 Next Suckle felt the cold metal
    blades again start at the back of her waist and begin cutting down through
    her skirt and her panties until they both fell to the floor. Suckle was naked
    as a baby with heaps of cut up clothing around her ankles. These were some
    of the newest and best clothes she owned ... the same clothes she had taken
    so much care to dress in this morning in order to impress Miss Tamala on
    her first day of orientation. More importantly Suckle was completely naked
    for the very first time in front of her beautifully clothed Mistress Tamala
    and medical-like clothed Madame Doctor Mercy.   
 "Bend down and pick up your worthless
    clothes and throw them in the box with your shoes motherfucker," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle in a tone of voice that didn't leave any doubt that it was
    a distinct order.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Suckle as she did as she was told.   
 After Suckle had thrown her clothes
    in the card board box, she again straightened up.   
 "Piglet, take this box with Suckle's
    things and throw them in the garbage. She won't have any need for them any
    more," Miss Tamala told Piglet. "And then get back to work doing the laundry
    you brainless pig."   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Piglet as she picked up the box with its contents and left the room.   
 Miss Tamala reached down with her
    dark beautifully manicured hand and ran it through Suckle's pubic hair. "Oh
    look," she said to Dr. Mary, "Suckle has a thick mat of hair here. But it
    is the same shade of brown as her head. I think I would rather have it bright
    red."   
 Dr. Mary walked in front of Suckle
    and her wonderfully manicured hand joined Miss Tamala's hand as they examined
    Suckle's pubic hair. "Yes, I see that," answered Dr. Mary. "No problem, we
    can dye it red. She also needs a trim down here too, especially around the
    pussy lips," Dr. Mary continued as her fingers dropped down to separate the
    Suckle's vagina lips.   
 "How are her pussy lips doctor?" Miss
    Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Very tight but they are thicker
    than Piglet's were," Dr. Mary answered as she grabbed first one of Suckle's
    vagina lips and pulled on it and then did the same to the other vagina lip
    as she seem to be testing them for flexibility. "I got Piglet's to hang down
    a good two inches. I think I may have to do a little cutting but with 'weight'
    training I think we can get them to hang more. I'd say we go for four inches," Dr.
    Mary continued talking to Miss Tamala.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    as she looked into the eyes of the scared and naked Suckle. "How would Suckle
    like to have the longest pussy lips in the world?" she said to Suckle.   
 "I ... I ... Suckle ... Suckle
    would ...," Suckle just couldn't finish. After listening to this last conversation
    between Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary describing her 'private' parts and the 'modifications'
    they were planning for them, her imagination was running wild. Moreover,
    she just didn't know how to answer that question. She knew how she was supposed
    to answer but she was afraid of what she might be agreeing to ... as though
    she had any choice.   
 "I, I, Suckle, Suckle," Miss Tamala
    was mocking and taunting Suckle and mimicking her voice. "You're so fucking
    dumb you can't even answer a simple question. I have to put the words in
    your mouth for you because you are too stupid to figure it out, don't I slut?" Miss
    Tamala continued. Watching the uncomprehending expression on Suckle's face
    was turning Miss Tamala on again. This type of discipline, the insulting,
    name calling, the use of 'vulgar' language, and the brain washing of her
    bitch made her get so wet she actually could feel the dampness on her upper
    thighs. "Look what your ugly face does to me bitch," Miss Tamala continued
    talking to Suckle as she reached over and took Suckle's hand. She led Suckle's
    hand to her own pussy which was soaking wet.   
 As soon as Suckle's fingers touched
    the wetness of Miss Tamala's pussy she breathed in a deep and audible breath. "Ooohhhhhh,
    oooohhhhhhh," the sounds of passion automatically came from Suckle's mouth
    as she sucked in air deeply. As soon as Dr. Mary heard the deep breathing
    of Suckle, the audible grasps of excitement and the glassy appearance of
    her eyes, she reached over and started to squeeze Suckle's breasts and pull
    at her already hardening nipples. She knew Suckle was reaching such a high
    state of arousal that she would do anything she was ordered to do or perform
    any sexual act she was told to perform while at this peak. And so did Miss
    Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala reached over and ran
    her finger along Suckle's pussy slit letting her long and polished finger
    nail scrape and dig in the vagina lips. But when Suckle tried to slowly move
    her hips downward, so slowly that she thought Miss Tamala wouldn't notice,
    Miss Tamala, knowing what Suckle was attempting to do, would adjust her finger
    so it wouldn't go inside but would rather just tease the outside of her vagina
    lips.   
 Dr. Mary knew Miss Tamala was in
    need of an orgasm. She herself was again getting 'horny' with all this activity
    but she had already had the pleasure of the use of Suckle's head, mouth and
    tongue earlier on the front porch so she decided to let Miss Tamala have
    the pleasure of using Suckle this time.   
 "Why don't you get your cock stud
    darling," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala, "it's over there in the drawer," Dr.
    Mary continued speaking to Miss Tamala while pointing to another medical
    cabinet in corner of the room. "Let's decorate this white bitch with her
    first ornament."   
 "Oh baby," answered Miss Tamala
    in a very excited voice, "now you're talking turkey doctor." Miss Tamala
    went over to the cabinet and came back to Dr. Mary carrying a very small
    box that fit into the palm of her hand. It was the type of box used for carrying
    some type of precious jewel. She handed to box to Dr. Mary.   
 Dr. Mary opened the box and showed
    the contents to Suckle by holding it in front of her face. "See Suckle the
    whore," she said, "this little tongue stud will made you more useful to your
    Mistress's. When you learn to use it correctly you will have the potential
    of becoming an excellent pussy and ass licker. That's what you want, isn't
    it dummy?" Dr. Mary kept talking to Suckle in a tone of voice that was more
    subtle and instructional.   
 Suckle stared at the little polished
    sterling silver gadget in the box. It was only a quarter of an inch in size
    and the top part of the gadget was a perfect replica of a penis that protruded
    upward from the base of the two piece stud. The 'penis' part was a full inch
    in height from the base to the top which ended in a perfectly molded cock
    head.   
 "I ... I ...," Suckle tried to
    answer Dr. Mary's question but her voice was stammering and failing her.
    Suckle had never heard of a 'tongue stud' before let alone seen one, but
    she had a vision in her mind of what it might be used for and this vision
    brought a new round of fright mixed with excitement to her.   
 Dr. Mary didn't wait for an answer.
    Instead she went over to another part of the room and wheeled back what appeared
    to be a small stainless steel chair. It was two feet in height and had a
    padded adjustable reclining back. Along the one side of the chair was an
    electronic console with switches and dials on it. On the seat part of the
    chair was another perfect carbon copy of a large black penis made of ridged
    rubber. This carbon copy of a penis was so perfectly molded to the chair
    that it gave the appearance of being all one unit. The black rubber penis
    was eight inches in height and had a circumference of at least three inches.
    Suckle had never seen a penis so large and the black color of the rubber
    material even made it more foreboding.   
 Dr. Mary wheeled the chair in front
    of Suckle so she would have an excellent view of it. She liked to give Suckle
    an idea of what was about to happen to her. The fearful expression she saw
    on one of the bitches faces always brought about a special delightful arousal
    deep in Dr. Mary's vagina. After Dr. Mary was satisfied that Suckle had a
    good look at this 'special' chair and the larger than life rubber penis,
    she pushed the chair behind Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala, who was still teasing
    Suckle's outer pussy lips to keep her in a state of arousal, was also watching
    Dr. Mary and her interaction with Suckle. She knew Dr. Mary's special idiosyncrasies
    and always delighted at the extent to which she could use her imagination.
    She had seen Dr. Mary use this 'special chair' on Piglet so she was smiling
    at thought of what was in store for Suckle.   
 When the chair was lined up behind
    Suckle's posterior, Dr. Mary again walked in front of the naked Suckle, picked
    up a pair of surgical rubber gloves from the top of the medical cart and
    handed them to Suckle.   
 "All right you ugly fucking whore," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle, "you may put my gloves on my hands." Dr. Mary held her
    arms and hands in the position a surgeon would while preparing for surgery
    only inches from Suckle's face.   
 "Yes Madame Doctor Mercy," answered
    Suckle in a barely audible voice.   
 Dr. Mary stared at Suckle through
    her thin framed glasses. She saw the red marks and the outline of her fingers
    still on Suckle's face cheek from the hard slap she had given her earlier.
    She saw the moistness from the tears that had swelled up in Suckle's eyes
    still there. She knew Suckle was very frightened. But there was that strange
    look of yearning on Suckle's face also from the continuous teasing of Miss
    Tamala's fingers.   
 Dr. Mary had a smile of wickedness
    on her face. "It is so thrilling and so much fun making this bastard her
    self assist me in my preparations to abuse her," she was thinking to herself
    as Suckle carefully pulled the gloves over her dark brown hands. Dr. Mary's
    sadistic temperament was causing that familiar twitching between her legs
    and a few times she rubbed her thighs together to keep her arousal in check.   
 After the rubber gloves were in
    place on Dr. Mary's hands, she again began to direct Suckle. "Hold your arms
    straight out from your shoulders," she told Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Doctor Mercy," Suckle
    answered as she complied with Dr. Mary's instructions.   
 Dr. Mary moved behind Suckle and
    asked Miss Tamala to stand in front of Suckle and hold her hands. Miss Tamala
    held Suckle's hands tightly looking directly into Suckle's eyes while smiling
    at her.   
 "Sit down slowly bitch," Dr. Mary
    ordered Suckle. As soon as Suckle's knees began to bend to comply, Dr. Mary
    reached down to spread the cheeks of Suckle's ass while lining up the large
    black rubber penis with Suckle's vagina. Miss Tamala assisted Dr. Mary by
    guiding Suckle down holding onto her hands from the extended arms. When Suckle's
    vagina was two inches from the head of the rubber penis, she heard the loud
    voice of Dr. Mary yell 'stop!' Suckle held her position, legs bend in an
    almost sitting position.   
 Dr. Mary reached for a large jar
    of a greasy substance that appeared to be petroleum jelly. She unscrewed
    the top and was about to reach in the jar to retrieve the greasy substance
    but abruptly stopped. Instead, she walked around to the front of Suckle and
    whispered something into Miss Tamala's ear. Immediately Miss Tamala started
    to smile and laugh out loud.   
 "Oh yes, darling doctor," that
    is a great idea and would indeed be a wonderful present to me," Miss Tamala
    told Dr. Mary in a buoyant tone of voice.   
 "Just something I thought I would
    like to do for you sweetheart," Dr. Mary answered Miss Tamala while going
    back behind Suckle.   
 Suckle was very frightened because
    she knew from her recent past experiences when Miss Tamala got that large
    sexy smile on her face and when she laughed the way she was laughing now
    it usually meant something was about to happen to her.   
 Dr. Mary rested her rubber gloved
    hands on Suckle's shoulders. She smiled at Miss Tamala. "For you baby," she
    said to the smiling Miss Tamala.   
 "Down bastard," she shouted at
    Suckle while pushing violently down on Suckle's shoulders.   
 "Eeeeeeee ... ooohhhhhhhh ... oh,
    oh, oh ... aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh ..." Suckle was screaming louder then she had
    ever screamed in her life. The large black rubber penis that had been lined
    up with her vagina suddenly disappeared inside her pussy. She felt like she
    was completely impaled and her vagina felt like it was about to split into
    two if it already had not. Even her stomach seemed to bulge outward from
    the largeness and thickness of the rubber penis.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary and Miss
    Tamala were laughing at Suckle out loud, their laughter mixed with Suckle
    screams.   
 "The bitch got it all in her cunt
    dry," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. "That's my present for you baby," she
    again said to Miss Tamala. Dr. Mary was referring to the fact that she had
    decided to make Suckle take the complete rubber penis inside her pussy all
    at once and without the benefit of any type of lubricant.   
 "Wonderful, beautiful ... thank
    you, thank you darling," Miss Tamala told Dr. Mary. "I love it ... it was
    wonderful."   
 "Ohhh ... ah, ah, ah," came the
    very rapid and short screams from Suckle's lips as she tried desperately
    to catch her breath. She made a slight attempt to rise up from the chair
    seat but Dr. Mary held her down by her shoulders.   
 "Don't you fucking dare try to
    get up, you dumb fucking slut," Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle.   
 "Ye ... yes ... yes Madame Doctor
    Mercy," answered Suckle between the little sounds of anguish that she emitted
    from her sobbing voice. She was trying to get used to the 'stuffed' feeling
    between her legs. Dr. Mary took her hands off of Suckle's shoulders and stepped
    to the side of the 'special' chair with all the dials and switches. She turned
    one of the dials and Suckle felt the rubber penis that was rammed deep in
    her pussy begin to get warm. Dr. Mary had turned the heating elements in
    the rubber penis on and was monitoring the temperature.   
 When Dr. Mary felt it was warm
    enough, she shut the heat off and flipped another switch to the 'on' position.   
 Suckle, along with the now warmed
    up rubber penis, began to feel it move in her pussy. The warmth and new vibrating
    movement made Suckle's natural lubricants start to flow easing the pain that
    Suckle had felt when the penis was first rammed into her. Although tears
    were still flowing freely down her face cheeks she was trying in her own
    mind, to gain some kind of control over the multitude of emotions running
    through her body. First came the terrible and sudden pain and now this 'overstuffed'
    feeling of movement deep in her pussy. Even Suckle's ass felt like it was
    spread as wide as it could possible go.   
 Miss Tamala sensed that Suckle
    was confused from the mixture of pain and the new beginnings of excitement
    in her pussy. She let go of Suckle's hands and started to squeeze Suckle's
    breasts and then rub the palms of her hands around Suckle's nipples.   
 "Little dirty whore Suckle got
    big toy prick in her pussy," Miss Tamala began to speak to Suckle in a soft
    motherly tone of voice as though she was a mother trying to soothe her baby.   
 "Ye ... yes, Mistress Tamala," answered
    Suckle in a low sobbing voice.   
 "Little dirty whore Suckle likes
    big toy prick in her pussy, doesn't she?" Miss Tamala kept talking to Suckle
    in the same fashion while picking up the pace of the squeezing of her breasts
    and rubbing of her nipples.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Miss Tamala in a little girl tone of voice that seemed to come naturally
    to Suckle as she responded to the motherly tone of Miss Tamala's voice.   
 Dr. Mary also was watching the
    arousal of Suckle. She knew Miss Tamala was making Suckle's sexual senses
    awaken all over again with her manipulations of Suckle's breasts and the
    'motherly' way she was speaking to her. Dr. Mary turned another dial. This
    started a new movement of the large rubber penis in Suckle's pussy. It was
    now not only warm and moving in a slow vibrating movement but was moving
    very slowly up and down. This new 'up and down' motion made Suckle feel as
    though the very large black penis that filled her completely and stretched
    her vagina lips to their capacity was beginning to fuck her as though it
    had a mind of its own.   
 Miss Tamala heard the little moan
    of pleasure come involuntarily from Suckle's mouth as she felt this new movement
    of the rubber penis.   
 "Tell Mistress Tamala what little
    dirty whore Suckle likes," she prodded Suckle in the same soothing motherly
    voice. Miss Tamala sounded just like a mother trying to get her baby girl
    to admit to something 'bad' she had done.   
 As soon as Miss Tamala ended this
    last direction to Suckle, Dr. Mary turned the speed of the rubber penis up
    so it was now vibrating faster and moving up and down faster. She watched
    as Suckle's face changed its expression from fear and bewilderment to a lustful
    smile. Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala knew they were getting Suckle to the
    state of arousal that they wanted her.   
 "Little ... little dirty ugly whore
    Suckle likes big fat toy prick in her pussy," Suckle said to Miss Tamala
    again mimicking a little girl answering her mother.   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary exchanged
    big smiles. They could tell the way Suckle added the self-degrading words
    'ugly' and 'fat' on her own in her answer to Miss Tamala that she was highly
    aroused and sexually pliable to what they were going to do to her next.   
 Dr. Mary picked up a latex skull
    cap from the medical cart, walked behind the sexually aroused Suckle and
    gathered up all her long brown hair and tucked into the skull cap as she
    covered Suckle's head with it. When she had finished, all that was visible
    of Suckle's head was the latex skull cap and her face. Suckle was sexually
    in another world by now and she didn't even slightly resist Dr. Mary.   
 "Think the bitch is ready darling
    doctor," Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Oh yeah," answered Dr. Mary as
    she was busy moving the medical instruments she wanted front and center on
    the medical cart. "Just keep the little fucker hot," she told Miss Tamala.   
 "My pleasure doctor," answered
    Miss Tamala as she stepped to the side of Suckle's 'special' chair in order
    to let Dr. Mary get in front of Suckle. Miss Tamala kept manipulating Suckle's
    breasts as she began to give the sexually charged Suckle directions again.   
 "Now little dirty whore Suckle," Miss
    Tamala began, "bend your head backward and open up your pig mouth and stick
    out your tongue for the good Doctor Mercy."   
 Suckle didn't even answer. She
    just did exactly as she was told to do by Miss Tamala. Suckle's compliance
    was immediate as her submissive personality was spurred on by the degrading
    words of Miss Tamala. She opened her mouth wide ... so wide that it seemed
    as though she was really trying to demonstrate to her Mistress what a good
    obedient bitch she was by doing even more than she was told to do.   
 Dr. Mary moved rapidly as she grabbed
    Suckle's tongue with a 'gripper' instrument that looked like a pliers. She
    pulled Suckle's tongue out as far as she could and with the other hand, immediately
    applied a long clamp that captured and squeezed Suckle's tongue, top and
    bottom, at the very base. The clamp fit across Suckle's entire face so it
    would not move and Suckle's tongue would stay in this stretched out position
    as long as the clamp was in place.   
 Strangely enough Suckle again didn't
    resist. This surprised Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary somewhat because they expected
    some resistance from Suckle when she was put in this most uncomfortable position.   
 "The fucking bitch must be somewhere
    in outer space with ecstasy from the movements of the dildo in her cunt," Dr.
    Mary said laughingly to Miss Tamala. "See how hard her nipples are?" she
    continued talking to Miss Tamala in her doctor tone of voice.   
 "Yeah, this white bitch is hot
    one all right," answered Miss Tamala.   
 Dr. Mary reached over to the medical
    cart and picked up another instrument that resembled a 'leather punch' pair
    of pliers. It was very pointed at the tip and tapered upward wider and wider.
    Dr. Mary set the instrument an inch inward on Suckle's tongue. Suckle's tongue
    was now in between the top and bottom of the instrument. Then Dr. Mary squeezed
    until the pointed tip sunk into the soft tissue of Suckle's tongue and went
    all the way through to the other end.   
 Suckle screamed as loud and as
    much as she could with her mouth in this position. Dr. Mary held the instrument
    closed as Suckle wiggled and moaned.   
 "Yeah little whore, go ahead and
    scream for me," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. It was very obvious that Dr. Mary
    was enjoying this procedure. "Set the penis dials 'off' and hand me the stud," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala let go of Suckle's
    breasts, turned the dial on the electronic console controlling the movement
    of the rubber penis inside of Suckle's pussy to off, retrieved the tongue
    stud from the medical cart and handed it to Dr. Mary. Dr. Mary unscrewed
    the top of the penis stud from the bottom retainer part. She removed the
    medical punch instrument from Suckle's tongue and examined the hole it had
    left in the tongue tissue. When she was satisfied with her handiwork, she
    put the penis top part of the stud through the hole in Suckle's tongue and
    screwed it into the bottom retainer part of the stud.   
 "Calm down, calm down," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle. "You should be proud to be decorated with a gift that I bought
    for your Mistress Tamala."   
 Miss Tamala bent over to get a
    better view of the stud in Suckle's tongue. "Oh shit, that is beautiful ...
    it's even longer than I thought it was when it was in the jewel box," Miss
    Tamala said to Dr. Mary.   
 Dr. Mary gave Suckle a few minutes
    to regain her composure somewhat and then removed the clamp. Miss Tamala
    removed the latex skull cap from Suckle's head and Suckle's rich brown hair
    fell down to her shoulders.   
 Suckle tried to pull her tongue
    back into her mouth but the inch long protruding penis top was very hard
    to get over her top lip. When she did finally get her tongue back into her
    mouth she found she couldn't close her mouth because the penis top of the
    stud struck the roof of her mouth.   
 Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala were watching
    Suckle's reaction to her first ornament. They were amused watching her try
    to maneuver her tongue.   
 "Let your tongue hang out of your
    mouth stupid," Dr. Mary told Suckle. "Let the 'cock' tip rest against your
    upper lip," she laughed at Suckle.   
 "Yesh ... yesh ...," Suckle tried
    to answer but was finding it very difficult to talk clearly with this new
    attachment on her tongue. But she did as she was told even though it felt
    very awkward having this 'metal penis' against her upper lip.   
 Dr. Mary got up and went to the
    dial side of the 'special' chair again. She started to turn dials and flip
    on switches. Immediately Suckle felt the movement in her loins again. Dr.
    Mary had made the penis stuffed in Suckle's pussy hotter this time and the
    movements were vibrating, twisting and in and out motions now. Suckle's nipples
    sprung to hardness again and her sexual emotions which had never left her
    completely during the stud installment on her tongue were again being turned
    on.   
 Miss Tamala got a comb from somewhere
    and started combing Suckle's hair down to her shoulders. She took a tube
    of lipstick and applied the 'hot pink' color to Suckle's lips working around
    the studded tongue hanging out from her mouth.   
 "My, my," Miss Tamala said to Suckle, "doesn't
    our little dirty whore look much better now." As Miss Tamala was talking
    and applying lipstick to Suckle's lips, Dr. Mary had attached two clamps
    to Suckle's nipples. The clamps had wires attached to them and the wires
    ran back to the electronic side of the chair. She then turned another dial
    on the console of the chair that sent a low but steady stream of surges of
    electrical current to Suckle's nipples. The surges of electrical current
    made Suckle's nipples feel as though they were being turned 'on and off'
    in perfect cadence to the 'in and out' motion of the rubber penis in her
    vagina.   
 "Aaaahhhhh ... oooohhhhh," the
    moans started coming from Suckle's mouth again. These weren't moans of pain
    but rather from the expression on Suckle's face it was very easy to tell
    they were moans of pleasure, of excitement, of feelings running throughout
    her body that she had never imagined could be possible.   
 "Does our dirty little whore want
    to see how we decorated her?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle.   
 "Yesh ... yesh ... Mis ... Mistess," Suckle
    did her best to answer Miss Tamala with the new tongue stud.   
 Suckle was breathing heavy from
    the electric current prickling at her nipples and the movements of the rubber
    penis in her overstuffed pussy. Miss Tamala returned with a mirror and held
    it in front of Suckle's face.   
 Suckle stared in the mirror with
    sexually glazed over eyes. Too much was going on throughout her body for
    her to care what happened to her any more. She felt dirty and bad ... but
    she was beginning to enjoy that feeling. Her mind was spinning with obscene
    thoughts as she looked at the penis like stud on her tongue. She felt her
    'special' chair being lowered in the back. Somewhere she faintly heard Dr.
    Mary's voice telling her to lie back in the chair and of course, she obeyed.   
 Dr. Mary moved in front of Suckle,
    took the mirror from Miss Tamala and held it in front of Suckle's face so
    Suckle would have an unobstructed view of her reflection in the mirror.   
 "Oh look," Dr. Mary began speaking
    to Suckle now, taking over for Miss Tamala and using the same motherly tone
    of soothing voice. "Our little ugly dumb whore has a 'cock' tongue now."   
 Suckle moved her face closer to
    the mirror to get a better look at herself. She moved her tongue up and down
    and heard Dr. Mary laugh at her effort to inspect the tongue stud.   
 "Yes, that's right, move your tongue
    up and down," Dr. Mary was talking to Suckle. "We know you are too stupid
    to know how to use your cock tongue yet, but don't worry, Miss Tamala will
    teach you how to use it."   
 She looked up from her almost prone
    position in the chair and saw Miss Tamala removing her gown. Her nostrils
    were picking up that scent again, the scent she was rapidly becoming familiar
    with. The early training she was given in the art of picking up the different
    scents of her Mistress was beginning to come to fruition. Her mind was trying
    to tell her something about this scent. "It's not the scent of my Mistress's
    shoes," she was thinking. "It's not the scent of her underclothes," again
    she was thinking further. "Yes, yes ... that's it ... that's it ... pussy,
    pussy ... I smell my Mistress's pussy ... I want to suck ... I want to taste
    my Mistress's pussy ... I'm an ugly whore who needs my Mistress's pussy ...
    please ... please ..." Suckle's thought processes were successfully being
    reprogrammed and were being renewed. She was indeed becoming what Miss Tamala
    and Dr. Mary had visions of her becoming ... 'a blabbering idiot toy' that
    would not any longer be capable of thinking for her self but would follow
    her 'new" animal instincts to obey and bring pleasure to her Mistresses.
    Suckle in her 'new' position would be someone who they could have fun with
    and fulfill all of their most decadent desires.   
 "Does my stupid ugly whore want
    to try out her new tongue," Miss Tamala was saying to Suckle as she lowered
    herself very slowly over Suckle pretty head ... the head with the long brown
    hair she had just combed out, the pretty face with the lips she had just
    applied lipstick to ... the tongue with the inch long penis shaped stud sticking
    out from her mouth. Miss Tamala was fussy that way. She always like her bitches
    to look 'pretty' when they sucked her pussy.   
 "Yesh ... yesh ... please ... please
    Mistesss," Suckle was begging now. "Shuckle ... Shuckle ... wans to tuck
    ...Shuckle wans to tuck Mistess puusie," Suckle continued to beg, her speech
    impeded by her tongue stud.   
 Suckle felt the hot skin of Miss
    Tamala's ass touch her forehead. She could feel the heavy weight pushing
    her head down into the back of the reclined chair. She could smell the pungent
    ass odor of Miss Tamala as the dark cheeks of Miss Tamala's ass spread down
    and hung over the forehead. She could feel massive black ringlets of wet
    pubic hair of Miss Tamala spread across her eyes and hang down on both sides
    of her nose. Miss Tamala, who had been balancing her self with her feet on
    the floor while she lowered her body down on Suckle's head, now picked her
    feet up off the floor. This caused her full weight to rest on Suckle's head.   
 Suckle's head almost completely
    disappeared underneath Miss Tamala's ass. She felt like she was a seat ...
    a chair. She couldn't breathe and she began to jerk her body and trying to
    move her 'captured' head. Just as Suckle thought she would surely be smothered
    she felt the weight of Miss Tamala's ass ease up just a little ... just enough
    to barely give her nose and mouth room to gasp for air. Suckle inhaled in
    deep gasps and her nostrils were filled with the scent of Miss Tamala's pussy.
    She could feel the sticky juices from Miss Tamala's vagina fill her eyes,
    cover her nose and the taste of the wetness in her mouth.   
 "Run your cock tongue along my
    pussy lips," she heard Miss Tamala say somewhere above her.   
 Suckle followed directions. As
    her tongue ran along Miss Tamala vagina slit even more of the juices Suckle
    now craved so much poured into her eager mouth.   
 "Yes ... good ... good, that's
    it ... stick your cock tongue in deep now ... yes ... yes, good ... good," Miss
    Tamala was yelling at Suckle in a voice filled with passion and excitement.
    All the pent up desires of this day's activities had taken their toll on
    Miss Tamala and she was finally letting loose. She started to rub her ass
    and pussy back and forth on Suckle's head as though she was in a saddle riding
    a horse. "Yes ... that's it you motherfucking stupid bitch ... taste your
    Mistress ... find my clit ... bring your Mistress pleasure ... enjoy your
    Mistress's nectar ... oh, shit ... oooohhhh shit ... I'm cumming ... yes,
    I'm cumming ..."   
 Dr. Mary had timed the orgasm of
    Miss Tamala to perfectly coincide with what she had planned for Suckle. As
    she heard the excited voice of Miss Tamala reaching her climax she turned
    up the dials on the electronic console to increase the 'in and out' motion
    of the rubber penis stuffed in Suckle's pussy. As Miss Tamala reached her
    peak so did Suckle have an intensive orgasm. This was a very important sequence
    in Suckle's training. Now Suckle would always equate her ability to reach
    this intense orgasm and to feel this deep and satisfying feeling flow through
    the very core of her being with her ability to bring pleasure to her Mistress.
    In Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala's world, nothing happen by accident!   
(To be continued ... as time permits)   
Chapter X----Suckle Gets a Shower   
 There was an eerie calm in Dr.
    Mary's laboratory and medical room after the passionate orgasms of both Miss
    Tamala and Suckle. Dr. Mary had given Suckle a very mild sedative by injection
    to calm her down a bit. Dr. Mary had deemed this necessary because even after
    Miss Tamala had 'dismounted' from Suckle's head, Suckle was still moving
    her tongue up and down and stretching her tongue out from her mouth as far
    as she could as though she still wanted to suck more of the pussy that had
    just been removed from her head, nose and mouth. Suckle had closed her eyes
    immediately after receiving the injection and fell asleep. Dr. Mary also
    removed the 'cock' tongue stud from Suckle's tongue and the large black rubber
    penis from her vagina after administering the sedative. But before removing
    the tongue stud she had taken many pictures of Suckle using an electronic
    camera. She had printed them out on her photograph printer and was now relaxing
    with Miss Tamala in two chairs that were just a few feet from the lightly
    sleeping Suckle sipping on their ice tea and looking at the photographs.   
 "Look at this one," Dr. Mary said
    to Miss Tamala as she handed her a picture. The picture was of Suckle's head
    and face just as Miss Tamala was removing her ass and pussy from Suckle's
    head. The picture showed a close up of Suckle's face with the thick and massive
    black pubic hair of Miss Tamala's pussy just a foot above it. There was still
    a stream of Miss Tamala's vagina juices dipping down toward Suckle's face
    from her pussy lips which were also visible in the picture. Suckle's face
    was completely covered with Miss Tamala's vagina lubricants. It almost appeared
    as though someone had deliberately covered Suckle face with a whitish translucent
    paste. The juices formed little tiny pools in Suckle's eye sockets and one
    could very plainly see the translucent substance almost filling both of her
    nostrils. Most of the secretions were gathered around Suckle's mouth and
    were dipping from her chin. Mixed in with all of these lubricants were dozens
    of the black curly ringlets from Miss Tamala's pubic hair.   
 "Damn, I really gave the bitch's
    head a good fucking, didn't I," Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary.   
 "Ha, ha, ha, yes, you sure did
    darling girl," Dr. Mary replied. "For a while there I thought you were going
    to drown the bitch with your juices you were flowing so much."   
 Sometimes when Dr. Mary was fucking
    Miss Tamala with one of her favorite dildos, she would call Tamala 'Miss
    Juicy' because of Miss Tamala's unique ability to emit such enormous amounts
    of natural lubricants. This fact became a little 'private' playful banter
    between them when they were making love.   
 "Shit, look at the white fucker's
    face in this picture," Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary as she exchanged pictures
    and handed the one she was referring to Dr. Mary.   
 This new picture was another close
    up of Suckle's face taken just a few minutes after Miss Tamala had gotten
    off of Suckle's head. The same abundant pussy juices were there but in this
    picture Suckle had her mouth closed as far as she could close it. The tip
    of her tongue was extended out from between the closed lips and the inch
    long silver polished penis part of the tongue stud rested obscenely against
    Suckle's upper juice covered lip. Her nose looked like it was still flattened
    down from Miss Tamala's weight and her face cheeks were a bright red color
    probably from the rubbing of Miss Tamala's thick thighs as she was reaching
    her climax. This picture was taken a few minutes before Dr. Mary injected
    Suckle with the sedative. Obviously, Suckle was still on a sexually induced
    extreme adrenaline high because she had a very depraved smile on her face.   
 "You know girl," Dr. Mary said
    to Miss Tamala, "I think this little whore is going to be much easier to
    train than Piglet was. "Maybe that's because Piglet was married at the time
    her training began and she was used to having a dick in her on a steady basis.
    I don't think Suckle has had that much experience with men. Did you see the
    way she bucked her ass when I made her cum at the same time you were having
    your orgasm?" Dr. Mary continued in her analytical tone of voice.   
 "Yeah, I noticed how high she was
    bucking," Miss Tamala answered. "How the hell fast did you have that rubber
    dildo pumping in her."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed
    again. "Probably a little too fast. Guess I got a little carried away with
    the way you were fucking her face. I think that eight inch dildo might have
    been a little too much length to start her with. When the bitch was in that
    reclined position, I noticed every time the rubber cock was on its 'in' cycle
    and reached maximum depth her pussy lips were completely stretched out at
    the base of the dildo and I could clearly see the outline of the cock head
    bulge out in her tummy. But it was a lot of fun, wasn't it?" Dr. Mary continued.   
 "Oh hell yes, darling doctor," Miss
    Tamala replied. Suckle has one of the prettiest faces I ever rode. It didn't
    take her long to learn how to use that tongue stud either. She hit my clit
    at least a hundred times with it. I had one of the best orgasms I've had
    in a long time," Miss Tamala continued.   
 "Well are you still thinking about
    domesticating her?" Dr. Mary asked.   
 "Yeah, I think so," Miss Tamala
    answered. "I would like to train her as a house pet. I really don't need
    her at work. Piglet can do the work I need done at the office and if I need
    help I can always make Suckle work at home. But we have to figure out a way
    to get her damn fianc&eacute; out of the picture. He has a record you know,
    and we may be able to use that to our advantage," Miss Tamala continued.   
 "I know he has some kind of a rap
    sheet from what you told me," Dr. Mary replied. "But what do you have in
    mind?"   
 "Well he was never indicted, but
    he was arrested for impersonating a woman. The police picked him up in a
    gay bar. My contacts in the investigating department found that out. Hmmmm
    ... I was thinking, we do need a male around the house to take care of the
    grounds, know what I mean?" Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed. "My
    beautiful partner is very ambitious. But be careful. Make sure you do a thorough
    background check on him. We don't want to stir up any suspicions around here," she
    continued.   
 "Oh I know ... I have the best
    investigation people in the country that owe me plenty of favors. I'll be
    sure before I suggest we move in that direction," Miss Tamala answered.   
 "Good. Now getting back to this
    white whore, if you really want to make her a house pet I would suggest we
    make some modifications and model her after European slaves," Dr. Mary said
    to Miss Tamala. "Here, look at these pictures I got from Mistress Katrina
    when I was in Amsterdam last year."   
 Dr. Mary went over to her desk
    drawer and brought pictures back and handed them to Miss Tamala.   
 "See, these are a couple of Mistress
    Katrina's female slaves. See how big their tits are? Look at how small their
    waists are and how fat their asses are. These are all modifications that
    Miss Katrina had made to them," Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala.   
 "Wow ... that's amazing. Can you
    do that to Suckle?" Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Honey girl, I can do anything
    you want done. Remember, Suckle is my gift to you because I love you so much.
    I can make her tits as big as you want them and her ass as fat as you want
    it," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. "What I can't do I have friends that can
    do."   
 "Oh shit, I'd like to make Suckle's
    ass fat ... even fatter than those in the picture. Shit, I am getting so
    hot just thinking about it I am starting to get wet again. Shit, let's make
    her tits hang down to her belly button ... ha, ha ... let's ...," Miss Tamala
    was saying to Dr. Mary in a voice that was building more and more with excitement.   
 "Shhhh ... ssshhhhh ... calm down
    girl. You are going to catch on fire," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala while
    watching a new sexual arousal beginning to take place in her partner and
    lover. Dr. Mary reached over and kissed Miss Tamala on the lips. "I love
    to see you hot like this honey girl, but we have to take one step at a time."   
 "I know, I know," Miss Tamala answered. "Just
    looking at the fucking white bastard laying there naked and thinking about
    making changes in her stupid body makes me want to go over there and fuck
    her head again," Miss Tamala continued as she looked at the sleeping and
    naked Suckle still reclined on the 'special' chair a few feet from her.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed
    at Miss Tamala's hot natured comments. "My, my, you're sure 'randy' today
    my sweet beautiful black baby," Dr. Mary continued while again kissing Miss
    Tamala on the cheek. "Listen, we have to start using some more psychology
    on the bitch when she wakes up. When we get through with her she will have
    nothing but the desire for sucking pussy in that stupid honky brain of hers.
    I promise you a lot more fun with your 'present' before the evening is over.
    OK?" Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala trying to slow down her building sexual arousal.   
 Dr. Mary knew Miss Tamala well
    enough to know she had a very strong sexual drive. That's what she so loved
    in Miss Tamala. She had a libido that could be 'turned on' very easily. She
    also knew that when Miss Tamala got in this state of mind, she sometimes
    would stop at nothing in order to satisfy herself. "I'm the same way," Dr.
    Mary thought to herself, "that's what probably makes us so attracted to each
    other. But with my training and experience in psychiatry, I can usually get
    some control in this situation," Dr. Mary continued thinking.   
 Miss Tamala reached over to the
    intercom and flipped the switch to 'on.' "Piglet, get your ass down here
    now," Miss Tamala yelled in the intercom in a sexually frustrated sounding
    voice.   
 "Yes Mistress," returned Piglet's
    voice over the intercom.   
 For a minute after Piglet arrived
    in the laboratory, Dr. Mary thought Miss Tamala might take her rising sexual
    frustration out on Piglet. At first she was going to try to soothe Miss Tamala
    some more but them she thought ... "the hell with it; let her do whatever
    she wants with the bitch."   
 When Suckle entered the laboratory,
    she immediately glanced at the reclining, naked, and sleeping Suckle. She
    saw the mess on Suckle's face and knew from past experience what had happened
    to Suckle. Piglet felt a twitch of desire in her own loins. She had been
    ridden in this fashion many times by Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary and she always
    looked forward to having her head and face used in this way. But she knew
    better than to give any indication of her slight arousal to Miss Tamala.
    Miss Tamala was always the one to decide such things. So after glancing at
    Suckle, she immediately cast her glance downward in order to be sure to not
    offend her Mistress.   
 "Get the urinal, I have to piss," Miss
    Tamala said to Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Piglet
    as she went over to the table to get the urinal.   
 Piglet had been well trained in
    this procedure. She knew what to do when she was summoned by one of her Mistress's
    for this purpose. She returned in front of Miss Tamala with the urinal in
    her hand and knelt down in front of her. Miss Tamala picked up her gown to
    a height above her waist. Miss Tamala's beautiful pubic hair and pussy were
    totally exposed and Piglet could see the wet remnants of the juices Miss
    Tamala had just recently spread all over Suckle's face still soaking those
    black curly ringlets surrounding her pussy. The odor of recent sexual release
    was also very conspicuous.   
 Now Piglet's training took over
    and she followed her now natural instincts that did'nt any longer require
    any thought on her part. Piglet reached her head up and placed a soft kiss
    on Miss Tamala's belly button. Then she placed another two soft kisses precisely
    an inch apart a little lower down on Miss Tamala's belly just above where
    her pubic hair started its descent. Next Piglet put her head as far under
    Miss Tamala's pussy as it would go. She kept her face upward, stuck her tongue
    out and searched for the very back of Miss Tamala's vagina lips in an area
    where the crack of her ass stopped and her pussy began. When Piglet found
    the right 'spot' she put her tongue just inside of the vagina lips and licked,
    back to front, until she reached the very top of the pussy slit. Piglet did
    this three times. This was the procedure she was always to use when was summoned
    to assist one of her Mistress's in their need to urinate.   
 Dr. Mary watched Piglet's performance
    with pride. She knew from her training in psychiatry that through the use
    of fear mixed with sexual desire, repetition enforced with very strict discipline,
    and finally rewards for fulfilling a task in the precise manner as instructed
    made an excellent and obedient slave. So as she watched the preciseness with
    which Piglet assisted Miss Tamala with her need to urinate just as she had
    been trained to do, she felt an overwhelming excitement go through her body.   
 After Piglet finished preparing
    Miss Tamala's pussy for urination with her tongue and lips, she placed the
    plastic urinal under her, keeping her face very close to the opening of the
    plastic urinal. Also immediately the yellow liquid began to spray out in
    a hard steady stream. Miss Tamala looked down at the kneeling Piglet and
    saw her breathe in deep through her nostrils as the scent of urine rose up
    from the urinal catching the yellow stream. Miss Tamala hadn't released her
    urine for quite a while so it came out in a thick and hard stream splashing
    up from the urinal with the wet yellow drops hitting and dotting Piglet's
    face. This was the purpose for Piglet to keep her face close to the opening
    of the urinal. Miss Tamala felt any splashing or overflow caused by her urination
    would be better on Piglet's face than on her clean floor.   
 After the stream of urine stopped
    coming out from Miss Tamala's vagina, Piglet carefully put the plastic container
    down. She again put her head under Miss Tamala's pussy in the same manner
    as she previously did doing the pre-urination preparations and cleaned Miss
    Tamala's pussy of any remaining drops that might be still on the pubic hair
    or vagina lips and being very careful to make sure she also dipped her tongue
    further inside to clean up any urine there. Then she sat back on her legs
    to await further instructions from her lovely Mistress.   
 "Good girl, good little pig," Miss
    Tamala said to Piglet giving her the 'back and forth puppy pet' on her head
    again. "Piglet is such a good piss girl," Miss Tamala continued talking down
    to the sitting Piglet. "Do you think you can teach Suckle to be as good a
    piss girl as you are?"   
 "Thank you Mistress Tamala," Piglet
    responded looking up into the beautiful face and eyes of the dark skinned
    Mistress she loved so much. Piglet had a very big smile on her face from
    the compliments and petting she had just received. She even ran her tongue
    around her lips in a very lewd gesture in her own voluntary effort to demonstrate
    to Miss Tamala what a good pig she could be. "Oh yes, Mistress Tamala, I
    think I can show sister Suckle how to be a good piss girl," Piglet continued.   
 "Good. Now get back upstairs and
    finish the tasks I have assigned to you," she said to Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress," Piglet answered
    with another little smile on her face. She got two 'good's' in a row and
    she was really proud of pleasing her Mistress.   
 Miss Tamala saw Dr. Mary over by
    Suckle. Suckle was just beginning to wake up from the mild sedative she had
    been given and Dr. Mary had pulled her chair over closer to Suckle to observe
    her.   
 Suckle was moving her head side
    to side very slowly as she was trying to wake up. She tried to open her eyes
    but some of Miss Tamala vagina juices were still in her corners of her eyes.
    When she finally got her eyes part way opened everything was blurry as through
    she had been swimming under water and had just opened her eyes. Dr. Mary
    reached into the corners of Suckle's eyes with her pretty manicured red fingernail
    and gathered up what vagina juices were there in an effort to help Suckle
    see better. Dr. Mary had gotten a good amount of Miss Tamala's vaginal secretions
    on her finger from both of Suckle's eyes so she just smeared it under Suckle's
    nose and just above her top lip of her mouth.   
 Miss Tamala had come over to stand
    by the reclining Suckle and watch what was going on. Dr. Mary looked up at
    Miss Tamala from her sitting position in the chair. "I figured I would let
    her smell you're pussy odor for the time being," she said to Miss Tamala. "I
    can't think of a better way for this little bastard to wake up than with
    the odor of your pussy in her brain." Unless you have other ideas," Dr. Mary
    continued.   
 "How is she doing?" Miss Tamala
    asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Oh fine," Dr. Mary answered. "She
    is a very healthy young girl and will be fine. She will probably have a sore
    pussy for a while because I rammed her pretty good. She also has a very high
    sex drive. Look, her nipples are still hard," Dr. Mary continued.   
 "Yes, I see," Miss Tamala answered. "I
    knew she was a hot one the first time I got her head between my legs. I knew
    she never sucked pussy before but once I gave her some instructions she dug
    right in," Miss Tamala continued.   
 "OK, she is waking up now," Dr.
    Mary said. "I want to keep her hot and sexually at her peak. Her emotions
    and thoughts are still filled with her last orgasm so it is a good time to
    use some more psychology on her. Just follow my lead dear," Dr. Mary continued
    speaking to Miss Tamala.   
 "Right doctor dear," Miss Tamala
    answered. "But you know I am getting hot again so I may have to take her
    again."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed. "You're
    such a bad girl," she said to Miss Tamala in a teasing tone of voice.   
 "Suckle ... Suckle, time to wake
    up ... come on, open your eyes," Dr. Mary was saying in a gentle tone of
    voice to Suckle while lightly tapping her face.   
 Suckle tried to open her eyes.
    First she moved her tongue around trying to remember why she couldn't get
    her tongue back in her mouth earlier. She was still somewhat groggy and her
    tongue was still a little sore. She felt like there was still something attached
    to her tongue but yet she could now get her tongue back in her mouth. Suckle
    was asleep when Dr. Mary removed the tongue stud so since Suckle could now
    maneuver her tongue she felt as though she might have been dreaming and had
    imagined what had just taken place.   
 She turned her head and looked
    over at Dr. Mary who was looking back at her through her thin rimmed glasses.
    Suckle, still somewhat dazed, thought for a moment she might be in a hospital
    somewhere just coming out from being under some type of analgesia. She turned
    her head to look up at Miss Tamala standing in front of her.   
 Dr. Mary pressed a button and lifted
    the reclining part of the chair up so Suckle was now just half way reclined.
    She stopped tapping Suckle's face and moved her hands over to Suckle's breasts
    and started to softly massage the firm globes alternating between the soft
    squeezes and the light pinching of her nipples. It only took a few minutes
    for Suckle's body and mind to respond to these expert manipulations of Dr.
    Mary.   
 "Look Suckle, look at Mistress
    Tamala," Dr. Mary started to speak to Suckle in a very soft tone of voice
    keeping up the massaging of her breasts. "Isn't your Mistress beautiful?"   
 Suckle's head was clearing. "Ye
    ... yes ... beautiful ...," Suckle was still struggling to remember. "Yes,
    Madame Doctor Mercy, yes ... beautiful ... Mistress ... beautiful," Suckle
    spoke, her voice clearing up, memories of her training coming back.   
 "That's right Suckle," Dr. Mary
    spoke again to Suckle. "Tell your Mistress Tamala how beautiful she is. You
    do want to do that, don't you," Dr. Mary continued in that soft persuasive
    tone of voice.   
 "Yes ... oh, yes ... Mistress Tamala,
    you are beautiful ... so beautiful ... yes," the rapidly increasing enthusiastic
    and excited voice of Suckle replied while responding to the kneading of her
    breasts and nipples.   
 Dr. Mary took one hand away from
    Suckle's breast and began to pet her. "Good Suckle, good Suckle," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle.   
 A big smile came on Suckle's face
    as soon as she felt the petting on her head and the words 'good, good.' It
    was like a trigger that went off in her mind telling her she was doing something
    that pleased one of her superiors so she was being rewarded. "It still amazes
    me," Dr. Mary was thinking to herself as she observed the responses of Suckle, "just
    how easy it is to reprogram someone with a submissive personality by exploiting
    their sexual emotions and to this point in time, their yet latent sexual
    desires."   
 "Why don't you pull your chair
    over here by Suckle," Dr. Mary said to the still standing Miss Tamala. Miss
    Tamala pulled her chair over close to the half reclining and naked Suckle
    to join Dr. Mary who was in the same position on the other side of Suckle.
    When they were both in position, Dr. Mary again began applying her expert
    psychological suggestions to Suckle.   
 Dr. Mary stopped her caressing
    of Suckle's breasts. In one hand she picked up the mirror from the side of
    the chair and with the other hand she grabbed a cluster of Suckle's hair
    and pulled her head up abruptly so she faced her reflection in the mirror.   
 "Now stupid Suckle," Dr. Mary spoke
    to Suckle in a completely changed tone of voice. The soft persuasive voice
    was gone. In its place was a very dominant and harsh voice. "Tell Mistress
    Tamala what that ugly thing with the pussy juice smeared face is in the mirror." At
    this point Dr. Mary wanted to analyze Suckle's memory to see if she retained
    this part of her training.   
 "I ... it's ... I ...," Suckle
    was struggling again. The rapid change in Dr. Mary's behavior and voice and
    the hard pulling upward of her hair caught Suckle by surprised as she tried
    to recall what she had been taught.   
 Dr. Mary didn't give her a second
    chance. She pulled Suckle's hair very hard so her head was almost was straight
    up and shook her head violently. "Think you dumb bastard, think ... whose
    face is in the mirror," Dr. Mary yelled even louder.   
 "Suck ... Suckle the whore ...
    Suckle the ugly whore ... Suckle," Suckle answered quickly in response to
    the painfully pulling and shaking of her head trying her best to satisfy
    Dr. Mary with her answers.   
 "Who is Suckle the whore," Dr.
    Mary questions came faster.   
 "I am Suckle the whore," replied
    Suckle just as fast.   
 "Why are you a whore Suckle?" Dr.
    Mary kept up the rapid pace of her questions.   
 "Suckle is a whore because ...
    because ... because Suckle likes to suck pussy," Suckle did her best to think
    as fast as she could and keep up the pace set by Dr. Mary's questions. She
    remembered ... "Miss Tamala told me that so that must be correct," she thought
    to herself   
 Dr. Mary, ever the perfectionist
    in psychological training, eased off on the pulling of Suckle's hair and
    shaking of her head. She leaned over closer to Suckle's ear and began speaking
    softly again and in a very concerned tone of voice.   
 "Yes, that's right," Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle. You are a nasty little whore. You are a bad, bad girl because
    you love to suck pussy and lick asses. But that's all right Suckle. You can't
    help yourself if you're a whore. Mistress Tamala knows that you are a bad
    girl and is willing to give you what you need. Isn't that wonderful of your
    Mistress?" Dr. Mary continued inserting new thoughts into Suckle's mind.   
 "Yes ... yes, my ... my Mistress
    is wonderful," Suckle answered. Suckle felt a rush of excitement flash through
    her loins as she acknowledged and paid compliments to her Mistress. Just
    saying the word 'Mistress' seemed to excite her any more.   
 Miss Tamala watched as Dr. Mary
    conducted her almost magical implanting of thoughts into Suckle's mind. Miss
    Tamala smiled at Dr. Mary. "I guess I better get the whore cleaned up," she
    said to Dr. Mary.   
 "Good idea," Dr. Mary replied. "And
    I will clean up a little around here. Maybe we can give the bitch the rest
    of her physical examination later on," Dr. Mary continued.   
 "Sounds good to me," Miss Tamala
    said as she got up from the chair, reached for Suckle's collar and chain
    and put the metal choker collar back around Suckle's neck.   
 Suckle felt the cold metal lock
    around her neck again. Then she felt the quick pull on the chain.   
 "Aaahhhh," Suckle moaned at the
    first pull as the choker chain performed as designed and dug into the soft
    skin of Suckle's neck. Miss Tamala kept a steady pull on the chain in order
    to make Suckle get out of the chair. Once Suckle was on her feet she wobbled
    a little. She felt a little weak from all the expended energy that had left
    her body during her orgasm. She felt a little soreness in her vagina but
    her natural lubricants had made the soreness subside somewhat so it was more
    uncomforting then painful. Once Miss Tamala pulled on the chain again Suckle
    didn't hesitate. Even though her legs felt a little weak, she nevertheless
    followed her Mistress.   
 Miss Tamala walked over to the
    other end of the laboratory. As she was leading Suckle there, she stopped
    momentarily and opened a drawer in another cabinet. She took out what appeared
    to Suckle to be a two foot long stick made of genuine African ivory. It was
    an inch thick at the base but tapered very slowly to the tip which seemed
    to be very thin. Miss Tamala shook the stick up and down a few times as though
    testing its flexibility and it made a little 'whooshing' sound as it cut
    through the air.   
 Miss Tamala took a moment while
    flexing this ivory implement and stared at Suckle as though she was more
    or less inspecting her. She looked at this young woman who just a few days
    ago was a complete stranger to her. She looked at Suckle's very firm young
    breasts that jutted out so proudly from her chest, the red nipples that now
    seem to be in a perpetual state of hardness, the flatness of her young stomach
    and the thick mat of light brown pubic hair, the well shaped legs and flawless
    white skin that seemed to flow from Suckle's face to the bottom of her feet.   
 "She is really a beauty," Miss
    Tamala thought to herself. "But I must never let her know I see her that
    way. In order for her to become completely subservient to me she must be
    trained and convinced to think she is an 'ugly whore' who is unworthy to
    be in my presence. I must become the most important person in her life. Then,
    and only then will she truly belong to me."   
 Miss Tamala snapped out of her
    trance like observation of Suckle. She pulled on the choker chain again and
    continued leading Suckle to the other side of the laboratory. She only stopped
    when she came to a very small shower stall. The shower stall was made to
    accommodate only one person. It too, was made of the same stainless steel
    as the walls and most everything else in this room. However, it did have
    a clear glass door. The faucets, along with other dials, were located on
    the outside of the shower stall as were the soap dishes and an assortment
    of brushes.   
 Inside the 'shower stall' the shower
    head was very large. It started in the center of the top of the stall and
    almost took up the complete ceiling area. Along the sides of the stall, placed
    three feet apart, were high pressure nozzles. The whole 'shower stall' appeared
    to be a place where you would put something that you would want thoroughly
    cleaned through the use of water inserted at a very high pressure.   
 After Miss Tamala opened the glass
    door to the shower stall, she pulled on Suckle's choker chain leading her
    over to the door.   
 "Stand in front of the shower," Miss
    Tamala spoke in a loud firm voice to Suckle.   
 Suckle obeyed the pull of her chain,
    stepped up to the opened door and looked into this very strange shower. She
    had never seen anything remotely like it and she began to visibly tremble.   
 Miss Tamala loved to watch the
    fearful look on Suckle's face increase as she tried to anticipate what was
    going to happen to her. She even felt that familiar quiver shoot through
    her vagina as she took the time to watch the trembling Suckle. Miss Tamala
    turned one of the outside faucets on. The water began coming out of the large
    sprinkler-like shower head installed on the ceiling in a steady hard stream
    until it reached a temperature of Miss Tamala's choosing. Miss Tamala knew
    the water was very hot ... not hot enough to do any damage but hot enough
    to be very uncomfortable to anyone who would enter this hard stream of water.   
 Miss Tamala unhooked the chain
    from the link on Suckle's collar and Suckle's body was really shaking now
    as she watched the steam rising up from the hot water as it struck the stainless
    steel floor of the shower stall. Suckle had a strange feeling running throughout
    her mind and body. "Oh God," she was thinking to herself, "please ... please
    ... Mistress wouldn't put me in there ... it's too hot ... it's too hot," her
    brain continued flashing these warning signals to her.   
 Miss Tamala dropped the lead chain
    that she had uncoupled from the Suckle's choker chain on the floor outside
    of the shower stall. Suckle heard the metallic sound as it stuck the floor.   
 "Get in," she heard Miss Tamala
    speak in a loud voice.   
 Suckle hesitated again for a moment.
    Then, as the authoritative voice of Miss Tamala flickered through her mind
    ... the voice that had become what seemed like very natural to Suckle now
    to obey ... she stepped into the very hot water with her foot and right leg
    up to knee level. Immediately she pulled back.   
 "Whaaack," the sound of Miss Tamala's
    ivory cane-like whip stuck Suckle's ass cheek making it bounce violently. "Get
    in," Suckle heard Miss Tamala's voice even louder now.   
 "Aaaahhhh, aaahhhhh," Suckle's
    voice filled the basement as she reacted to the very sharp pain of the blow
    she felt on her ass cheek.   
 Miss Tamala had purposely chosen
    this ivory disciplining tool. This ivory cane, unlike a leather whip, was
    meant to cut very deep into the soft flesh of Suckle's ass. Miss Tamala knew
    this was the very first whipping Suckle's ass was receiving and she wanted
    to make an unforgettable impression on Suckle.   
She also knew that the pain would
    last a long time and leave large red welts on Suckle's ass. Miss Tamala loved
    to watch a red welt rise on one of her bitches' asses. It always brought
    her to a higher state of arousal.   
 "Get the fuck in whore," Miss Tamala
    yelled again at Suckle.   
 "It's ... it's ... Suckle tried
    to protest, stuttering because her thought processes and her exposure to
    her recent 'training' was telling her she didn't have a right to protest. "It's
    hot," she tried anyway.   
 "Whaaack, whaaaack," Suckle felt
    two sharp strikes on her other ass cheek.   
 "Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch," the rapid
    cries came from Suckle mouth as she reacted to the vicious strikes on her
    other ass cheek. These last too blows took her breath away and she inhaled
    deeply trying to fill her lungs with a new supply of oxygen to cope with
    the pain she felt on her ass cheeks. Suckle didn't hesitate any more. Rather
    she stepped into the hot hard stream of water rapidly in an attempt to get
    it over with as fast as she could. In a few moments the hot water completely
    soaked her from head to toe. "Aaaaah, ooohhhh, ooohhhh ...I'm burning ...
    I'm burning ... oh God, oh God ...," Suckle was crying in a loud voice that
    gradually tapered off to moaning sounds as her body adjusted to the very
    hot water.   
 Miss Tamala let the water run for
    a few minutes until she was satisfied that Suckle was completely soaked,
    then she shut the water off. She looked at the very deep pink color of Suckle's
    skin that the hot water had brought out. She looked at the single red puffy
    welt on Suckle's right ass cheek and then looked at the two welts rising
    on Suckle's left ass cheek.   
 "Do you see and understand what
    disobedience brings stupid?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle in that teaching tone
    of voice again.   
 "Yes Mistress, yes Mistress," Suckle
    answered, "yes ... yes ... I won't disobey ... I ... I ..." Suckle was searching
    for the right answers to appease her Mistress ... "Suckle ... Suckle won't
    disobey anymore," Suckle said again now remembering to refer to herself in
    the third person as Miss Tamala had taught her.   
 "Good, very good," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle. "Remember it well dummy. Your Mistress always expects you
    to obey without hesitation. "Obedience brings rewards, disobedience brings
    punishment," she continued teaching Suckle. "Repeat it for me whore."   
 "Obedience brings rewards, disobedience
    brings punishment," Suckle dutifully answered still softly sobbing.   
 "Say it again whore," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle.   
 "Obedience brings rewards, disobedience
    brings punishment," Suckle submissively answered again.   
 Miss Tamala reached over and picked
    up a long handled stiff bristle brush that had a thick pointed and circular
    top. She dipped it into a can of commercial type liquid soap and starting
    at the top of Suckle's head began to scrub very hard. This type of soap made
    heaps of suds. After scrubbing Suckle's head and hair, she scrubbed her face
    leaving streaks of red from the bristles of the brush intertwined with the
    pinkness of her heated skin. Then she scrubbed Suckle's back with hard up
    and down strokes of the brush again leaving brush marks. Now she turned her
    attention to Suckle chest and her breasts. Miss Tamala put the rounded head
    of the brush under first, the right breast of Suckle and lifted it upward
    as though she was weighing its girth. She did this several times before turning
    her attention to Suckle's left breast. Then she did the same to the left
    breast.   
 Miss Tamala now turned her attention
    to the nipples on Suckle's breasts.   
Suckle had already responded to
    the lifting and dropping of her breasts. She stopped sobbing and was beginning
    to get that 'far away' look in her eyes ... the look of desire as the 'lifting'
    of her breasts had the effect of making her feel as though the undersides
    of her breasts were impaled on the points of needles.   
 The change of expressions on Suckle's
    face wasn't lost on Miss Tamala as she began scrubbing Suckle's nipples ...
    softly at first, then harder and harder digging the stiff bristles in the
    soft pimply texture of the aureoles. Suckle sucked in deep breaths as she
    felt the sensations starting in her nipples and moving down her belly ending
    up in slight contracting spasms deep in her pussy.   
 Miss Tamala scrubbed Suckle's belly,
    then, to the very obvious disappointment of Suckle as Miss Tamala could tell
    by observing the expressions on Suckle's face and the motions of her body,
    she moved the brush down to Suckle's legs and feet, skipping her pussy and
    ass.   
 Suckle's body was completely covered
    in thick heavy soap suds. The commercial soap had a disinfecting agent added
    to it and this left a stinging effect on Suckle's skin.   
 The very hot water that Suckle
    had been soaked in, the scrubbing by Miss Tamala with this stiff bristled
    brush, and the disinfecting agent in the soap left Suckle with tingling burning
    sensation all over her body. Her body was a bright pink from the hot water
    and red bristle marks from the very coarse hairs of the brush were on her
    face, arms, belly, back, legs and feet.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing
    at Suckle as she stepped back momentarily to observe her 'handiwork'. "I
    bet if I put you in a dark room you would glow in the dark," she continued
    in between laughs taunting Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala stepped forward, reached
    in the shower stall with the long handle of the brush and with the circular
    head of the brush lightly tapped the insides of Suckle's thighs. Without
    a second of hesitation Suckle parted her legs responding to the signal from
    her Mistress's brush.   
 "Turn around you scummy filthy
    thing," Miss Tamala told Suckle in a tone of voice that didn't leave any
    doubt in Suckle's mind that it was an order and must be obeyed. "Reach back
    and spread the cheeks of your ass," Miss Tamala continued.   
 Suckle again responded immediately.
    Her obedience even impressed Miss Tamala. She had thought Suckle might need
    some prodding to expose her asshole in what would have been a few days ago,
    this most obscene manner. Yet, here she was, doing just that for her Mistress.
    Miss Tamala was even a little disappointed that Suckle's rapid compliance
    negated the opportunity for her to put a few more red stripes on her ass.
    But here was Suckle, the fingers of her hands firmly gripping each of her
    ass cheeks, pulling them apart even wider than necessary in order to comply
    with her Mistress's directive and to impress her as much as she could with
    her obedience ... and without a bit of hesitation.   
 Miss Tamala felt her whole body
    awakening again with the 'power rush' she was experiencing watching this
    very pretty white bitch degraded herself in any manner that she wanted her
    too. The 'power rush' flashing through Miss Tamala's body made her feel like
    she was ten feet tall, like she was the most powerful woman in the world
    and that feeling was working like an aphrodisiac as her nipples became rigid
    with excitement and she could feel the dripping wetness the sexual craving
    was causing in her vagina. She knew she would definitely be using Suckle's
    mouth and tongue before long because her body was beginning to demand it.   
 Miss Tamala dipped the brush in
    the soap container again and started to rub Suckle's ass cheeks in a rough
    manner. Then she aimed for the separation in the ass cheeks ... the divide
    that hid Suckle's little 'rosebud.' After moving the brush head up and down
    between Suckle's ass cheeks she placed the point and tip of the brush at
    the entrance and crinkled rosebud. She turned it very slowly and applied
    just enough pressure on the tip of the brush to enter a half inch. Observing
    the tightness of Suckle's asshole, Miss Tamala decided not to go any further
    at this time. "Better to let this to go for another time," she thought to
    herself. "This is Dr. Mary area of 'expertise' and I don't want to deprive
    her of the enjoyment she receives 'breaking in' Suckle asshole.   
 Miss Tamala kept turning the brush
    very slowly and kept the brush tip inserted in Suckle's ass. This served
    to keep her own arousal in a high state and also gave Suckle reason to anticipate
    again. Miss Tamala loved to watch the frightened expression on Suckle's face
    when she didn't know what was go to happen to her.   
 Suckle could feel the preliminary
    stretching of her asshole and the rough bristles of the brush scratching
    an area of her ass that had never been exposed to anyone before. The fact
    the she was holding herself 'opened' to permit this brush to enter gave her
    a sexual feeling and new excitement that she couldn't quite understand. But
    she could feel the stimulation in her pussy ... and she liked it. She even
    made a feeble attempt to push her ass backward, slowly of course, so it wouldn't
    be noticeable to her Mistress, in order to get just a little more of the
    brush inside. But, like a 'trained animal' the thought of being punished
    for being disobedient flickered through her mind and she gave it up.   
 Miss Tamala pulled the brush backward,
    lowered it down and inserted it between Suckle's legs just lightly enough
    for Suckle to feel its presence up against her vagina lips. Then she waited
    ... waited to observe Suckle's reaction. Suckle didn't move for what seemed
    like an eternity, and then very slowly, she started to move her torso back
    and forth. Miss Tamala let her go. She knew Suckle wanted to feel more. She
    knew Suckle was losing control of her emotions. She knew Suckle's sexual
    instincts were taking over. She watched the large, ear to ear lustful smile
    on Suckle's face.   
 Abruptly Miss Tamala pulled the
    brush away. She stepped to the side of the outside of the shower stall and
    twisted a handle and the water jets were turned on. The hard stream of very
    hot water from the high pressure nozzles rocked Suckle back and forth. She
    felt like a top being spun helplessly around as the water from the jets stung
    her body from head to toe. Then, as suddenly as it began, it ended. All the
    soap suds were gone. Suckle stood still, dripping water and her skin glowing
    a bright red color. Another moment passed and a very light mist began coming
    from the ceiling shower head. The tiny beads of water forming on her skin
    from the mist were very comforting. There was even a very light fragrance
    mixed in with these beads of water. It smelled like a fresh bouquet of lilacs.
    Lilac ... although Suckle didn't know it at this point, it was Miss Tamala's
    favorite scent.   
 Suckle felt like she was waking
    up on a beautiful spring morning. She could smell the sweet aroma of flowers
    and the softness of the water soothing her overheated skin. She could feel
    the muscles in her vagina begging for stimulation. Suckle was now at her
    highest peak of arousal once again.   
 She saw Mistress Tamala enter the
    shower stall. She had removed her negligee and was now completely naked.
    This was the very first time Suckle was seeing her Mistress in all her glory.
    Miss Tamala moved into the space of the shower that was only designed for
    one person. They were face to face with little more than a quarter of an
    inch of room between them. The mist began covering Mistress Tamala beautiful
    bronze skin ... the sweet smelling water beads were dancing on her skin.   
 Suckle looked up into the face
    of the taller mature face of her Mistress. The thick luxurious jet black
    hair was seemingly becoming 'pasted' to the side of her face and gave her
    an appearance that Suckle had never seen before. Her face with her high cheek
    bones was even more beautiful with these little beads of fragrant water on
    it. The full lips, with the orange colored lipstick complimented the color
    of her skin. Suckle let her eyes drop to the firm and much larger breasts
    of Mistress Tamala. For a moment she compared the large bronze colored breasts
    with her own smaller and white colored breasts. They extended out from her
    chest without a bit of sag in them. Mistress Tamala's nipples were twice
    the size of Suckle's and a darker brown color than Suckle had ever seen.
    Even further down, Mistress Tamala's stomach was flat and it seemed that
    the curly ringlets of rich jet black pubic hair was everywhere from her stomach
    to her loins.   
 Suckle picked her head up again.
    She stared in the dark charcoal eyes of her Mistress; the eyes that spoke
    to her without a decibel of sound. Suckle felt like a speck in comparison
    to Mistress Tamala. The frame of her body was much smaller than the frame
    of the mature yet fit body of Miss Tamala. Suckle had the distinct feeling
    that Mistress Tamala could reach out and completely absorb her into her body
    and there would be nothing left of her.   
 Miss Tamala reached out with one
    hand and put it behind Suckle's head. With her other hand she lifted her
    breast until the dark nipple was aligned with Suckle's mouth.   
 "Suck," Miss Tamala said to Suckle
    in a very soft voice.   
 Suckle took the nipple into her
    soft mouth. She began to suck on the nipple like a baby starved for her mother's
    milk. She let her tongue slowly rotate around the nipple and felt waves of
    ecstasy fill her very core. Slowly, without being directed by Mistress Tamala,
    she moved her mouth over to the other breast. She did the same here.   
 Miss Tamala removed her hands and
    put them down to her sides. From this point on she would let Suckle take
    the initiative. She wanted Suckle to reinforce in her own mind who owned
    her ... who she belonged to ... who and what she had become. She wanted Suckle
    to now become what she had been training her to become ... her whore ...
    her pet ... her slave!   
 And Suckle didn't disappoint her.   
 Suckle let her legs bend slowly,
    very slowly down to her knees. She kissed Mistress Tamala belly button. She
    stuck her tongue out and rotated it around the indentation. She felt the
    coarseness of Miss Tamala's pubic hair on her chin as she was sucking her
    belly button. Suckle lowered her face and rubbed her face back and forth
    through the pubic hair she was becoming familiar with. Suckle even turned
    her head around a few times to feel the ringlets of Miss Tamala's pubic hair
    on both sides of her face.   
 Miss Tamala looked down at Suckle
    through the mist that was deliciously causing tiny beads of water to dip
    very slowly off her body and onto Suckle's face. It seemed to Miss Tamala
    that Suckle couldn't get enough of rubbing her face in her pubic hair. Miss
    Tamala loved looking down at this white bitch ... her white bitch ... paying
    homage to her superior body.   
 Suckle hesitated there for minutes.
    She couldn't decide whether she had permission to do what she really wanted
    to do. Her mind was working rapidly. "Obedience brings rewards, disobedience
    brings punishment," Suckle was thinking. She didn't want to be punished.
    She didn't want to be disobedient. But her mind was ruling her body any more.
    Her sexual desire was ruling her mind. She wanted to show and demonstrate
    how much she loved her Mistress. She wanted to demonstrate how much she adored
    and worshipped this great lady. Her sexual desires told her to risk punishment
    ... and she did!   
 Suckle let her lips drift down
    through the pubic hairs placing soft and worshipful kisses as her head descended.
    There wasn't a sound above her. She didn't hear any voice telling her what
    to do or what not to do. Instead, Suckle felt a little movement in Mistress
    Tamala's hips. They had moved slightly outward and upward. Was this a signal
    to Suckle to proceed further? Suckle wasn't sure ... should she? The scent
    coming from Mistress Tamala's pussy mixed with the sweet fragrance of lilac
    filled her nostrils. Her sense of taste, smell and touch were filled to overflowing.   
 Suckle wanted more ... more ...
    more. The overriding desire going through Suckle's mind at this point was
    to please ... to bring pleasure to her Mistress. This is what her Mistress
    wanted from her ... expected from her ... demanded from her. "This is what
    I am here for," she was thinking to herself. "I am Suckle ... Suckle the
    whore ... Mistress Tamala's whore ... I belong to Mistress Tamala ... I only
    live to bring her pleasure ... pleasure ... pleasure ...   
 Suckle made the move. She let her
    tongue slide further down until it reached the beginning of the slit of Miss
    Tamala's pussy. She placed a soft worshipful kiss here, then stuck her tongue
    out again letting it slip inside of Miss Tamala's pussy lips. It was very
    warm here ... and wet ... wet with the juices she wanted to taste ... to
    fill her mouth with ... to swallow so they would become part of her. Miss
    Tamala moved her hips again but it wasn't a demanding or rough move. Instead
    it was a move to encourage Suckle to continue.   
 Suckle moved very slowly this time
    as though she didn't ever want this contact of her mouth and tongue with
    Miss Tamala's pussy to end. She wanted to bring pleasure to her Mistress
    like she had never done before. Suckle ran her tongue deeper into Mistress
    Tamala's pussy, moved it backward along the length of her slit. Then she
    moved her tongue slowly from the back to the front, stuck it in deeper and
    curled the tip of her tongue until she found Miss Tamala's clit. Miss Tamala
    showed her where her clit was the first time and now Suckle felt proud that
    she had found it on her own. She heard the light sounds of pleasure coming
    from above her as she flicked her tongue at the clit. The soft sounds of
    ecstasy coming from Miss Tamala was like a spark of electricity spurring
    Suckle on.   
 Suckle brought her head upward
    and pushed her face deep into the folds of Miss Tamala's pussy lips until
    her nose was completely inside and the her pussy lips were resting on her
    face cheeks. Suckle's whole face was now covered by Mistress Tamala's pussy
    and pubic hairs. She moved her face from side to side making Miss Tamala's
    juices flow down both of the cheeks of her face.   
 Suckle was in heaven ... she never
    felt more bliss in her life. She found herself wishing her head could be
    an extension of Miss Tamala's pussy. She could barely hear the moans of Miss
    Tamala becoming louder and louder and then she heard her Mistress's voice
    speaking to her.   
 "Put your fingers in your pussy
    whore," Miss Tamala said. "I want you to masturbate and bring yourself to
    an orgasm at the same time your mouth and tongue brings me to an orgasm.
    Be careful dummy. I want you to time your orgasm with your Mistress's orgasm."   
 "Yesmmmmm, yemmmmm, Mistesmmmmm," Suckle
    attempted with answer with her face buried in Miss Tamala's pussy.   
 Miss Tamala was pleased with her
    last instructions to Suckle. "Wonderful," she was thinking to herself. "Mistress
    Tamala and her whore slave cumming at the same time. Me by the use of my
    slaves tongue and her by her own stupid slave fingers."   
 Mistress Tamala was bucking her
    hips faster and faster. She reached down and grabbed the back of Suckle's
    head with both hands. While holding Suckle's head firmly she began to use
    the back and forth fucking motion across Suckle's face again. She was indeed
    fucking ... fucking Suckle's face, mouth and tongue.   
 "Ooooohhhhhh, yes, yes, yes ...
    that's it my whore pussy licker ... keep sucking ... suck ... suck ... yes
    ... I'm cumming bastard ... don't stop ... yessssss, yesssss," the voice
    of Miss Tamala filled Suckle's ears.   
 Suckle had timed her own orgasm
    perfectly with her Mistress's. She felt all the energy leave her body in
    an orgasmic explosion at the same time the most violent bucking of Mistress
    Tamala's hips crushed her face in an equally explosive orgasm.   
 This was the second orgasm for
    both Miss Tamala and Suckle in a little more than an hour. Now there was
    silence ... just the sound of dripping water coming from Miss Tamala's belly
    and seeping down on Suckle's face. And yet Suckle didn't stop. After her
    face had left Miss Tamala's pussy she licked at her thighs. She was trying
    her best to suck up the 'left over' vagina juices that had leaked down over
    her face and ended up on the inside of Miss Tamala's thighs.   
 Miss Tamala looked down at the
    kneeling Suckle lapping at the insides of her thighs. Suckle looked so obscene
    the way she stuck tongue out to retrieve her juices. She reminded her of
    a little teddy bear licking at honey that had come from a beehive.   
 She was even more amazed when she
    saw Suckle lower her head way down and kiss each of her feet.   
 "Yes," Miss Tamala was thinking
    to herself again, "my newest whore slave is a fast learner and is going to
    bring me a lot of pleasure and be a lot of fun."   
Chapter XI----Suckle's Submissive
    Orientation Continues to Surface   
 [This chapter dedicated to regine]   
 Miss Tamala had stepped out of
    the shower stall shutting the glass door and leaving Suckle sitting on the
    floor. She let Suckle there for a few minutes with the misty perfumed water
    dripping all over her body while she regained her composure again after the
    wonderful job Suckle had done on her pussy. Miss Tamala was really proud
    of the way Suckle had responded to her training lessons. She was proud of
    the fact that Suckle voluntarily lapped at her vagina juices after her orgasm
    and brought her down from her sexual high in a very slow manner.   
 "Little bastard even kissed my
    feet without being told," Miss Tamala was thinking. "That's a sure sign of
    devotion and worship. But she needs a lot more training if I am going to
    domesticate her," she continued thinking to herself.   
 Miss Tamala walked over to the
    shower stall and opened the glass door. Suckle looked like a soaked rag doll
    sitting on the floor, facing downward with her sopping wet hair hanging down
    covering her face. Miss Tamala reached over and shut the valve controlling
    the slowly dripping misty water off.   
 "Get up bitch," Miss Tamala told
    Suckle. "You have work to do. What the hell, do you expect me to dry myself?"   
 "Yes Mistress ... I mean no Mistress
    ... yes ... Suckle ..." Suckle was trying to acknowledge Miss Tamala's order
    and at the same time answer the question she was asked and ended up stammering
    in a weak tired sounding voice.   
 "Oh shut the fuck up, you stupid
    whore," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle pretending to lose patience with Suckle
    knowing that she had confused her with her order and question. Miss Tamala
    always jumped on a chance to confuse and insult Suckle knowing what effect
    this had on Suckle's mind and what was remaining of her self esteem. "You're
    so damn dumb you can't even answer a simple question."   
 Suckle had a shattered expression
    on her face after being scolded by her Mistress. She had so much wanted a
    'good girl' and some 'petting' from Miss Tamala especially after the effort
    she had put into sucking her pussy, bringing her to a climax and working
    so hard to please her by doing the things she thought she would enjoy. Instead,
    her thought processes were telling her she was a 'bad' girl again.   
 Miss Tamala threw a very large
    soft Turkish towel at Suckle. "Get busy drying me and be very careful. Just
    pat my skin dry with slow soft patting motions. Let the thick and fluffy
    towel absorb the water. Never rub the towel on my skin. Remember, your Mistress
    has very delicate and beautiful skin and it is your responsibility to care
    for it at all times. Do you understand," Miss Tamala said to the soaking
    wet Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala had made a subtle and
    cunning change in speaking to Suckle. She was now referring to herself as
    'Mistress' something she hadn't done on a regular basis before. This was
    very important in the implanting in Suckle's mind that she was a very special
    and imperious person that was superior to her in every way.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered
    listening very intently to Miss Tamala's directive.   
 Suckle picked up the towel and
    walked in front of Miss Tamala. She looked up into the face of the taller
    woman and started to move the towel toward Miss Tamala face. But she stopped.
    Suckle was so afraid she would be making a mistake by patting Miss Tamala's
    face. "Am I allowed to touch her there?" Suckle was thinking. I don't know
    if I am allowed to touch Mistress's face ... I don't know ...," Suckle had
    a very bewildered expression on her face.   
 "Mistress ... uh ... uh ... Mistress
    Tama ...," Suckle voice was cracking.   
 "Now what the fuck is the matter
    with you," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle.   
 "I ... Suckle didn't know if she
    was allowed to touch your face Mistress," Suckle managed to get it out in
    a little meek sounding voice. Being chastised twice in so short a period
    of time brought a fear in Suckle that she had never felt before. She could
    have sworn the inside of her stomach was doing flips.   
She bowed her head down while waiting
    for an answer from Miss Tamala.   
 Dr. Mary had walked over and was
    watching the interchange between Miss Tamala and Suckle. She stood back from
    them so she could observe them without interfering.   
 Miss Tamala reached over and put
    her hand under Suckle's chin and lifted her head upward so she was facing
    her. "You are the stupidest white whore Mistress has ever come across. Do
    you know that?" Miss Tamala spoke right into Suckle face in a soft tone of
    voice.   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Suckle.   
 "Do you have any idea how dumb
    you are?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle in the same voice still holding her
    chin in the palm of her hand.   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Suckle
    again.   
 "Well then ... you just go ahead
    and tell your Mistress how dumb you are," Miss Tamala said to Suckle leading
    her into the 'acknowledgment' trap again, just how Dr. Mary had taught her.   
 "Suckle ... Suckle is the stupidest
    white whore Mistress has ever come across," Suckle said feeling a very disappointing
    sensation deep within her heart as she heard her own voice confirming her
    stupidity. Suckle felt sorry for herself for being so dumb ... and she surmised
    that her Mistress was not satisfied with her.   
 "Pull that stool over here for
    Mistress to sit on," Miss Tamala said to Suckle leaving go of her chin. "Then
    I am going to teach you how to care for your Mistress after she has bathed."   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered
    as she got the stool and brought it over for Mistress Tamala to sit on. Suckle
    put the stool behind Miss Tamala and waited for her to sit down. But ...
    she wasn't making any move to sit down.   
 As Suckle was going to get the
    stool Dr. Mary had walked over by Miss Tamala. As she walked in front of
    Miss Tamala she winked at her. Miss Tamala took that wink as a signal that
    Dr. Mary was going to 'contribute' to Suckle's training at this point.   
 "Do you know what part of your
    Mistress's superior and beautiful body is going to touch the stool," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle in a teaching mode of voice that Suckle now knew was
    becoming a indicator that she had better be listening very carefully so she
    didn't upset Dr. Mary by making her repeat herself. Suckle was heeding the
    warnings of her Mistress's to not make them waste their valuable breath on
    her.   
 Dr. Mary had changed from her 'medical
    scrub clothes' into a very shiny silk light mint colored robe. The color
    of the robe blended beautifully with, and highlighted the dark color of her
    skin. The robe was only held closed by a tie belt around Dr. Mary's waist.
    The cleavage was deep and the silk material strained mightily trying to contain
    the very large breasts of Dr. Mary. Dr. Mary's breasts were much larger than
    Miss Tamala's and combined with her broad shoulders, wide hips and that ass,
    that beautiful ass that extended outward so sharply from her body it would
    make one wonder if there was any 'panty material' strong enough to contain
    those fine ass cheeks ... all these combined 'assets' gave Dr. Mary a commanding
    appearance.   
 Suckle was truly afraid of Dr.
    Mary. Maybe it was because of the fact that Dr. Mary radiated a more 'masculine'
    appearance than Miss Tamala or maybe it was because she had a medical background.
    Suckle wasn't sure.   
 With Miss Tamala, the fear Suckle
    felt wasn't in the same category. The fright that Suckle experienced from
    Miss Tamala came to her because she was worried she wouldn't please her and
    therefore would be punished and not accepted by her Mistress.   
 With Dr. Mary it was pure unadulterated
    fear that Suckle felt throughout her body.   
 "Ah ... yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied.   
 "Ok, then tell me what part of
    your Mistress's body will be touching the stool," Dr. Mary said.   
 "Ah ... yes Madame Dr. Mercy ...
    ah ... it's Mistress's ... ah ... it's," Suckle was trying to think how she
    should describe that part of Miss Tamala's body. During her 'past' life,
    Suckle had never used anything other than what she considered 'proper' language.
    Words like 'tits,' 'cunt,' 'pussy,' or 'ass' were just words that Suckle
    would not use because they made her feel 'dirty.' Even when she was with
    other girls at college she would refrain from speaking that way. Now, the
    'old proper' Suckle was struggling to find some way to answer Dr. Mary's
    question.   
 "Ah ... it's Mistress's back ...
    her ... Suckle thinks its Mistress's as ... it's ... Mistress's 'ass' is
    going to touch the stool." Suckle thought she knew what Dr. Mary wanted to
    hear. She struggled to get it out, still fearful it might not be the correct
    word, but somewhere, something told her this is what Dr. Mary wanted to hear
    from her. Maybe it was the training she had been undergoing ... or maybe
    it was just the fact that she was beginning to really feel like she was a
    dirty whore so it was alright to use these words anymore.   
 "Doesn't Mistress Tamala's whore
    think her Mistress's ass should be respected?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle like
    it was the most natural thing to say.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied.   
 Miss Tamala stood still listening
    intently at her 'partner' training Suckle. It brought a knowing smile to
    Miss Tamala's face. "It's so much fun to watch and hear Dr. Mary at work," she
    was thinking to herself. "It is so exciting to listen to Dr. Mary twist and
    turn Suckle's mind like it was a piece of putty.   
 "Now how do you suppose Mistress's
    whore should show her respect?" Dr. Mary asked in demure voice, stringing
    Suckle along.   
 Suckle tried so hard to think ...
    but thinking or trying to reason was becoming harder and harder for Suckle
    now. She knew Dr. Mary expected correct answers when she asked her questions.
    That unadulterated fear of Dr. Mary was flowing throughout her body ... fear
    like she had never experienced in her prior life.   
 "I ... Suckle thinks ... Suckle
    thinks she ...," Suckle was giving up. The fear of not answering Dr. Mary
    correctly took its toll. Suckle hung her head down and started to cry. The
    sobs weren't loud but from the low sniffling sounds coming from Suckle as
    she sucked in air through her nostrils in little spurts, it was clear she
    had been defeated again in her attempt to do what was expected of her. "Suckle
    ... Suckle doesn't know Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle said in between the sniffling
    sobs.   
 Dr. Mary walked around to the front
    of Miss Tamala. They exchanged broad smiles. Dr. Mary placed a light kiss
    on Miss Tamala's lips and Miss Tamala reciprocated with a kiss of her own.
    They were both experiencing that sexual overriding thrill that comes from
    having a dominant personality and from "breaking down' and gaining full authoritative
    control of someone with a submissive personality.   
 Dr. Mary walked back around to
    the sobbing Suckle again ... the still soaking wet Suckle ... Suckle, with
    her head hanging down, still holding on to the large soft fluffy Turkish
    towel that she was suppose to dry her Mistress with.   
 Dr. Mary 'puppy petted' Suckle's
    head again with slow soft strokes. "Do you have something to dry this bitch
    with?" she asked Miss Tamala.   
 "Well don't use my towel," Miss
    Tamala replied. "I don't want to waste my good towels on that ugly bitch.
    Look, there's that burlap bag that the straw for the garden came in over
    there. Why don't you use that," Miss Tamala continued in her reply to Dr.
    Mary.   
 "Yeah, that will be fine," Dr.
    Mary answered as she went over and picked up the burlap bag off of the basement
    floor. Dr. Mary shook the burlap bag after she picked it up off the floor.
    Dust, little pieces of straw and even little pieces of burlap material filled
    the air.   
 "Wow, this damn thing is really
    dirty," Dr. Mary said to no one in particular. "But I guess it is all right
    to use to dry the whore's hair anyway."   
 Dr. Mary walked back to where Suckle
    stood with her head hung down. "Sit on the stool Suckle," Dr. Mary said to
    Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    answered as she sat on the stool. Miss Tamala was still standing with her
    back toward the now sitting Suckle. Suckle's head was only twenty inches
    from the beautiful bronze colored ass of Miss Tamala.   
 Dr. Mary started to rub Suckle's
    wet hair with the burlap bag. Not only was a light coating of dust being
    transferred to Suckle's hair but there were pieces of straw and burlap material
    falling loosely and becoming entwined in the strands of her hair.   
 "Why is our whore Suckle crying?" Dr.
    Mary asked Suckle in that soft motherly tone of voice.   
 "I ... Suckle doesn't know Madame
    Dr. Mercy", Suckle answered from underneath the dusty burlap being used to
    dry her hair.   
 "Is it because Suckle is too dumb
    to know how to pay her respects to her Mistress's ass?" Dr. Mary asked, again
    in that same tone of voice.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," replied
    Suckle. The soft motherly tone of Dr. Mary's questions was easing the apprehension
    in Suckle's mind just a little bit. Suckle had almost stopped sobbing as
    Dr. Mary, satisfied that Suckle's head was dried enough, threw the burlap
    bag on the floor.   
 Dr. Mary went over to another cabinet
    and came back with a very large jar of Vaseline Petroleum Jelly, a large
    comb and an eight inch long tube that was four inches in diameter and made
    of woven straw. Dr. Mary had bought this tube from some natives in Africa
    on one of her visits. Miss Tamala would look over her shoulder once in a
    while to watch Dr. Mary and Suckle.   
 "Suckle the whore doesn't have
    to feel bad," Dr. Mary spoke in that almost magical tone of voice that Miss
    Tamala knew she was using to embed thoughts in Suckle's mind. "Your Mistress
    and Dr. Mary know you have a feeble mind. Would Suckle the whore like Dr.
    Mary to teach her how to respect her Mistress's ass?" Dr. Mary continued
    speaking directly into Suckle's ear while applying a thick coat of Vaseline
    in Suckle's hair.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    answered meekly.   
 "Well now little slut," Dr. Mary
    continued, "tell Dr. Mary what Suckle the whore wants to learn." As Dr. Mary
    was talking to Suckle, she had combed and pulled the thickly Vaseline coated
    hair of Suckle into a point on the very top of her head. The coating of Vaseline
    was so thick that Suckle's hair raised straight up from the top of her head
    to a height of ten inches and could remain in one stack by itself without
    any kind of support. Suckle's hair was pulled tightly up from the sides of
    her face and the front and back of her head until it was in one thick stack
    on the top of her head.   
 "Suckle the whore wants to learn
    how to respect Mistress Tamala's ass," Suckle replied, her voice much more
    at ease now.   
 "Oh oh," Miss Tamala broke in the
    conversation, speaking to Dr. Mary. "You're going to get me hot enough to
    start dripping again if you are going to make the bitch do what I think you
    are going to make her do doctor dear," Miss Tamala continued her voice rising
    in a teasing manner.   
 "Ha, ha, ha ...," Dr. Mary laughed
    lightly at Miss Tamala's statement. "You've had a couple of orgasms today
    already my sweet black beauty. Don't go getting all hot and bothered on me
    too soon." As Dr. Mary was answering Miss Tamala, she slipped the straw woven
    tube over the stacked up hair on the top of Suckle's head until it came out
    the other end of the eight inch tube. Now all that was on Suckle's head was
    the heavily greased and flat hair that was pulled up from all angles of her
    head and pulled through the eight inch woven tube. Dr. Mary took the last
    two inches of Suckle's hair at the top of the tube, greased it some more
    with the Vaseline, and combed it straight down so it was hanging a few inches
    downward on all sides of the tube. If it wasn't for the brown color of Suckle's
    hair it would almost look like an eight inch palm tree on her head.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary was laughing
    loudly this time. "If I could color Suckle's skin black she would look just
    like the African natives I saw on my trip to Africa," Dr. Mary continued.   
 Miss Tamala turned around to look. "Holy
    shit," Miss Tamala said. "The fucking bitch looks ridiculous! Wonderful my
    inventive doctor, you've out done yourself again. Shit, I want a picture
    of this. Take the bastard's picture. I want this one to keep and show to
    my friends," Miss Tamala was almost yelling in an excited voice.   
 Dr. Mary went over to get her electronic
    camera. When she came back she not only had the camera but she also brought
    the mirror. She handed the camera to Miss Tamala. "Here honey girl," she
    said to Miss Tamala. "You take the picture. I want one of me holding Suckle's
    head so everyone will know who her 'hairdresser' is," Dr. Mary continued
    laughing. Miss Tamala also joined in the laughter.   
 "Wait, wait," Dr. Mary said to
    Miss Tamala. "I want the bitch to see what she looks like." She bent down
    and with one hand held the mirror in front of Suckle's face and with the
    palm of the other hand she grabbed the back of Suckle's neck, her thumb on
    one side and her fingers on the other side.   
 "Look you little dumb whore," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle pushing her face in front of the mirror. "See ... now
    you are our native whore."   
 Suckle was totally shocked. She
    looked at her once beautiful hair ... the hair she was once so proud of.
    The hair she used to devote so much time to make sure it was perfect. Now
    it was pulled straight back from all sides of her head until it went up the
    woven straw tube. The hair that was still on her head was 'pasted down' with
    what appeared to be greasy Vaseline. Suckle just stared in the mirror with
    an astonished look on her face.   
 "Oh look, Mistress Tamala," Dr.
    Mary said in a tone of voice mimicking someone who was very disappointed. "Our
    whore doesn't seem to like her new hairstyle. She isn't even thankful for
    all the work I did fixing her hair," Dr. Mary continued.   
 "Here darling, please hold the
    mirror for me a minute," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. Dr. Mary handed the
    mirror to Miss Tamala. Then she straightened up and walked away for just
    a minute. Suckle still had the shocked look on her face as she stared at
    herself in the mirror. When Dr. Mary came back she had Miss Tamala's ivory
    cane-like implement in her right hand. She had walked up behind the sitting
    Suckle. Suckle was not aware that she had returned ... for just a minute!   
 Suckle heard a 'whoosing' sound.
    It almost sounded like a bomb that had been dropped from a high flying aircraft.
    The sound seemed to start far away and got louder and louder as it got closer.
    Then Suckle felt the pain ... a red hot shearing pain that started at the
    top of her shoulder blade and shot downward like lightning across her back.   
 It was as though the whole world
    stood still for a moment in time. All at once Suckle's mouth opened up and
    let out a bone chilling scream.   
 "Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Suckle's
    voice reverberated throughout the basement in one long continuous scream.
    As Suckle gasped for breath trying to refill her now empty lungs, she heard
    the loud rough voice of Dr. Mary that she feared so much.   
 "You fucking good for nothing bastard," Dr.
    Mary yelled at Suckle. "I break my ass drying and fixing your hair and you
    don't even appreciate it. You didn't even say thank you."   
 Miss Tamala watched as she saw
    Dr. Mary again raise the ivory disciplining implement high above her head
    for the second time. Miss Tamala wasn't smiling. Sometimes when Dr. Mary
    got in this state of mind she even frightened her. Then Miss Tamala heard
    the 'whoosing' sound; she saw the ivory bend from the speed it was moving
    on the down stroke and then dig into Suckle's skin for the second time as
    though everything was in slow motion. Then the loud and chilling scream again
    left Suckle's mouth and seemed to bounce off the walls of the basement.   
 "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh,
    aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh," Suckle screamed twice in a row as she fell off the
    stool onto the floor. The second strike of the pure ivory cane on Suckle's
    back was even harder than the first. Suckle crumpled up in a ball, her knees
    rising up to her stomach in a natural reaction to the pain coming from her
    back. Suckle collapsed to the floor ending up in a fetal position, breathing
    heavily and crying in a loud voice.   
 Dr. Mary dropped the ivory cane
    on the floor. She too was breathing heavily. But Dr. Mary's heavy breathing
    wasn't from pain. It was from the sexual stimulation she felt in her loins
    from punishing Suckle. She walked over to Miss Tamala who still had a somewhat
    blank look on her face, the sounds of the hard ivory cane striking the soft
    white skin of Suckle's back still ringing in her ears. Dr. Mary took Miss
    Tamala's face in her hand. She kissed her on the lips, lingering a little
    longer than usual.   
 "Punishment is necessary honey
    girl," Dr. Mary said very softly to Miss Tamala. Dr. Mary began to fondle
    Miss Tamala's breasts, squeezing lightly and slowly rotating her finger around
    her nipples. "Remember," Dr. Mary continued speaking to Miss Tamala in a
    soft teaching tone of voice, "if you don't punish your bitches in a way that
    they will never forget they will be prone to make the same mistake again.
    Plus, you will never fully own them. If you don't make the punishment severe
    you will leave just a little bit of space in their mind that will never belong
    to you."   
 The fondling of Miss Tamala's breasts,
    plus the soft lecturing voice of Dr. Mary was making Miss Tamala excited.
    Dr. Mary could tell her prot&eacute;g&eacute; was coming back from the little
    bit of shock she felt watching Suckle's punishment. She could tell by the
    way Miss Tamala's nipples were responding to her fingers. She could tell
    because Miss Tamala was getting that 'horny' look on her face again.   
 "Nice stripes I put on her back,
    huh?" Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala while both of them were looking down at
    Suckle who was lying on the floor and still sobbing quite a bit. Dr. Mary
    had struck the blows from opposite angles to form red 'criss cross' welts
    on Suckle's back. "Notice that they are almost perfect where they meet in
    the middle," Dr. Mary continued in a sort of bragging tone of voice.   
 Miss Tamala turned to Dr. Mary
    and gave her a long passionate kiss. She put her arms around her so tight
    that the nipples on their breasts were pressed against one another. As Miss
    Tamala broke the embrace slightly she looked into Dr. Mary's eyes.   
 "I love you so very much," Miss
    Tamala said to Dr. Mary. "You are a wonderful and exciting woman darling." Then
    she looked down at Suckle. "Yes my darling doctor, I love the red stripes
    on Suckle's back." Miss Tamala was back to her true natural dominant orientation
    again. She was getting sexually aroused just looking at the crumpled up bitch
    on the floor close to her feet. For a moment she felt like an African queen
    who had just had Suckle placed at her feet as a human sacrifice. And Miss
    Tamala loved that feeling. She rubbed her thighs together in a back and forth
    motion trying to ease the excitement she felt building up there.   
 "Shall we get our pictures now?" Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "Yes, I would like that," Miss
    Tamala replied.   
 Dr. Mary walked over to Suckle.
    She kicked her lightly in the ribs. "Get up," she said to Suckle in a lot
    calmer tone of voice.   
 Suckle heard the order from Dr.
    Mary and picked her head up slightly. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
    sorry," Suckle kept blurting the words out rapidly over and over again in
    between sobs.   
 "Sshhhh, sssshhhh, ssshhhh," Dr.
    Mary was speaking to Suckle in a completely different tone of voice. She
    was playing the 'mother comforting her baby' role again. But the vicious
    welts on Suckle's back were still causing her lot of pain and she wasn't
    convinced her punishment was completed yet. She was so frightened and convinced
    that Dr. Mary was going to hit her again.   
 "Suckle's sorry ... Suckle's sorry
    Madame Dr. Mercy ... Suckle's sorry," Suckle was still crying out to Dr.
    Mary as though she was pleading for her life.   
 "Sssshhhh, ssshhhhh," Dr. Mary
    continued almost whispering to Suckle. Dr. Mary smiled at Miss Tamala as
    she noticed that Suckle had the wherewithal, even though she was really frightened,
    to correct herself by referring to herself in the third person. She was smiling
    at Miss Tamala as though she was saying: 'see ... training and punishment
    work. See how Suckle corrected herself even though she is still in pain.'   
 "Come on now ... up, up, up. Sit
    back down on the stool," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she put her hands under
    Suckle's armpits in an effort to help her up.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    answered, her sobbing subsiding a little at a time.   
 "We still have to get your picture
    ... we want to get your pretty picture with your new hairdo," Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle in a cheery voice as though Suckle's vicious caning had not even
    happen at all.   
 Suckle was sitting back on the
    stool. Dr. Mary bent over again to look in Suckle's face. "Stop crying now.
    Mistress wants a happy picture of her whore. You want your Mistress to have
    a happy picture, don't you?"   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied just about getting her sobbing under control.   
 "Good girl, good girl," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle as she was patting the back of her head. "Oh look, she said
    to Miss Tamala. "Our little whore got some dirt on her face when her face
    was on the floor. Don't worry, Dr. Mary will fix it," she turned back and
    was now talking to Suckle again.   
 Dr. Mary picked the wet burlap
    material back up off the floor. She went back over to Suckle and turned her
    head sideways. "See, Suckle got dirt right here on the cheek of her ugly
    face," she said to Suckle. "Hold your head still now ... hold it still," she
    was directing Suckle.   
 Dr. Mary moved her face over to
    Suckle's face until it was only an inch from her cheek. She then gathered
    up a large amount of salvia in her mouth and with a loud, very distinct sound,
    spit it on Suckle's cheek. "There there now, we needed a little moisture," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as she saw Suckle's head recoil just a fraction of an
    inch when she felt Dr. Mary's spit hit her face. Dr. Mary wiped Suckle's
    face with the burlap cleaning the dirt from Suckle's face with her salvia.   
 Miss Tamala was starting to get
    really aroused now. Degradation always had this effect on Miss Tamala. She
    absolutely loved to degrade her bitches. The more Miss Tamala could debase
    and humiliate, the hotter her arousal would become. Watching Dr. Mary spit
    in Suckle's face got her 'motor' running again and her hand almost automatically
    dropped down between her legs to rub her pussy lips lightly. She bent over
    and with her other hand grasping Suckle's chin she tilted Suckle's face upward
    so she could look into her tear stained face.   
 "Wasn't that nice of Dr. Mary to
    clean your face for you?" Miss Tamala was speaking softly to Suckle. "And
    she was even good enough to use her own spit," she continued taunting Suckle,
    getting more and more excited as led her deeper and deeper in self degradation.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle meekly
    answered.   
 Dr. Mary was glad to see Miss Tamala
    getting back into the 'activities' again. It was always more fun when the
    two of them, working in tandem, took part in the training of the bitch. With
    the two of them contributing to Suckle's training at the same time, Suckle
    would tend to become more confused and much more susceptible to the submissive
    suggestions they were implanting in her mind. Besides, observing Miss Tamala
    getting 'turned on' always got Dr. Mary hot and bothered too.   
 "Don't you want to thank Madame
    Dr. Mercy," Miss Tamala said to Suckle still tilting her head upward.   
 "Yes Mistress," Suckle replied
    remembering what happened to her the last time she didn't thank Dr. Mary.   
 "Well, go ahead you jackass," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle. "Do I have to tell you to how do everything you dumb
    fucker." As soon as Miss Tamala got the words 'jackass' and 'dumb fucker'
    out of her mouth in reference to Suckle, she could feel her juices begin
    to build up in her vagina. It was so pleasurable for Miss Tamala to see Suckle's
    face as she guiding her along the path to becoming the 'brainless idiot'
    that Dr. Mary had promised her as a gift. Someone who would, in time, think
    about nothing but bringing pleasure to her Mistress.   
 Dr. Mary was really starting to
    get aroused listening to Miss Tamala working on Suckle. She could always
    tell when Miss Tamala was moving toward the top of her sexual arousal because
    she would always start using degrading terms on her bitch.   
 "Thank you Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    began. "Thank you for cleaning my face."   
 "Now listen you dumb piece of shit," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle in a much louder and more serious tone of voice while
    squeezing her grip on Suckle's chin. "Mistress is getting very tired of your
    stupidity. I want you to try to think of the proper way to thank Dr. Mary.
    I'm going to count to ten and you had better do it in the correct manner
    or I will have to ask Dr. Mary to punish you again for me."   
 "One ...," Miss Tamala started
    counting.   
 "Oh God ... oh God," Suckle was
    whimpering. "I have to think ... I have to remember ... remember, remember,
    remember ...," Suckle was thinking to herself trying to get the correct words
    in her mind so she could get them out of her mouth.   
 "Two ... three ... four," Miss
    Tamala kept counting.   
 The expression on Suckle's face
    was priceless to Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. They both loved to see the worried
    and fearful expression on Suckle's face as she struggled to 'think' of an
    answer. A few days ago, the old Lynn Langley would not have any problem at
    all with her memory. She had been a brilliant girl. But for the last two
    days, under the severe training of these two very beautiful and dominant
    African American women, her mind had been bombarded with suggestions of how
    'dumb' and 'stupid' she was. Her mind was becoming altered to fit the desires
    of her trainers to the point where it was very difficult for Suckle to think
    of anything but bringing pleasure to her Mistress and Dr. Mary.   
 And now Suckle was being give a
    limited amount of time to come up with an answer to satisfy her Mistress
    or she would be punished again. She was struggling so hard to think she felt
    like crying again.   
 "Five ... six ... seven ...," Miss
    Tamala kept counting and squeezing Suckle's chin harder and harder. Suckle's
    heart was beating faster and faster and she felt like she would soon explode.
    She was even beginning to sweat a little. And all the time Miss Tamala and
    Dr. Mary were smiling, their sexual excitement very apparent by the licentious
    expressions on their faces.   
 "Eight ... nine ...," Miss Tamala
    continued raising her voice as she got closer to the deadline as a final
    warning to Suckle.   
 "I ... thank ... I mean ... Suckle
    thanks Dr. Mercy ... I ... thank you Madame Dr. Mercy for cleaning my ...
    Suckles face ... Suckles ugly face ... with your spit," Suckle finally got
    some words out her trembling mouth, stammering and stuttering all the way
    through it.   
 Miss Tamala left go of Suckles
    chin and immediately Suckle bowed her head down as though in shame. She was
    sure she had failed again to satisfy her Mistress with her answer. In her
    heart and mind, she really thought she was too dumb and stupid to be able
    to perform such a complicated task that her Mistress demanded of her. And
    she so much wanted to please her Mistress. As her head was bowed, a few tears
    dripped from her eyes and fell to the floor. It seemed like Suckle, who was
    once such a cheerful young lady as 'Lynn Langley' was almost always crying
    anymore.   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary let Suckle
    sit in this position for a while anticipating what she thought would be her
    coming punishment for failure. They knew her self respect was at a complete
    low point at this time. This was when Dr. Mary was at her best and when Suckle's
    mind was pliable for implanting new thoughts and suggestions.   
 "Did you ever see such a pathetic
    piece of flesh and bones?" Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala loud enough for Suckle
    to hear. She reached over and got a hold of Suckle's ear squeezing it hard
    and pulling her head back upward. Then Dr. Mary reached over with her pretty
    dark skinned finger and started brushing the tears from Suckle's eyes.   
 "Poor little dumb whore," Dr. Mary
    started talking to Suckle in her 'motherly' voice again. "She tried so hard
    to thank me in the proper fashion. Poor little Suckle, she can't help it
    if she is dim-witted can she," Dr. Mary continued, directly the last statement
    to Suckle.   
 "No Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle sobbed
    almost so meekly that you couldn't hear her. "Suckle can't help it if she
    is dim-witted."   
 "Beautiful," Miss Tamala was thinking
    to herself. "Absolutely beautiful the way the 'master' Dr. Mary was manipulating
    Suckle's mind. It was almost like speaking into a tape recorder and then
    playing it back," she continued thinking to herself almost getting worked
    up into a sexual frenzy watching her 'tutor' at work.   
 Dr. Mary moved her hand down and
    started pulling lightly at Suckle's nipples. It only took a minute before
    Suckle's nipples stiffened. Dr. Mary looked up at Miss Tamala and winked
    at her. Miss Tamala knew this procedure that Dr. Mary was using on Suckle
    and the wink confirmed it. Dr. Mary was giving Suckle a 'reward' for her
    self degradation. This is something that would make a deep impression on
    Suckle's mind. Just like giving an animal a 'treat' for doing what you told
    it to do. Suckle was having her mind reinforced to equate rewards with obedience.   
 Dr. Mary knew all too well the
    effect her pulling on Suckle's nipples were having on her. She was beginning
    take short breaths, the sobbing was stopping and the expression on her face
    was changing.   
 "I accept your thank you whore," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle. "You won't have to be punished this time."   
 "Oh thank you, thank you, Madame
    Dr. Mercy," Suckle said with a big smile on her face. "Thank you, thank you," she
    continued as though she couldn't thank Dr. Mary enough.   
 Miss Tamala bent over Suckle again
    looking directly into her eyes. "Now isn't that wonderful of Dr. Mary to
    be so kind to you?" she asked Suckle.   
 "Oh yes, Mistress Tamala," Dr.
    Madame Mercy is so kind and wonderful to me," Suckle replied in a very sincere
    tone of voice.   
 "Yep, her mind is working just
    like a tape recorder," Miss Tamala thought to herself with a big sexual stimulated
    smile on her face.   
 "Now we have to get you ready for
    your happy pictures, don't we?" Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 "Yes, Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied. "Suckle the whore wants to make happy pictures for you." Suckle
    was reaching a new level of submission now. With her sexual passion going
    higher and higher from the effect Dr. Mary's hands were having on her nipples
    and motherly sounding voice was having on her mind, Suckle was even beginning
    to add self degrading words she felt would please Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala.   
 "Good, good girl," Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle. "Do you feel nice and warm and tingling down here," Dr. Mary continued
    as she reached down and rubbed her middle finger along Suckle's pussy lips.   
 "Oh, yes, yes, yes," Madame Dr.
    Mercy," Suckle replied with a big smile on her face, her breathing coming
    in short gasps as she felt the sensation of Dr. Mary's finger. "Nice ...
    warm ... tingling ...," was saying in short out of breath squeals.   
 "Be a good whore now, make a big
    smile for the camera, make a big smile so we can make a happy picture," Dr.
    Mary was telling Suckle as though she was speaking to a very young child. "Be
    a good girl now and fold your hands behind your neck. Push your chest out
    so your tities stick out. Be a good whore and Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary will
    give you some nice rewards."   
 Miss Tamala looked down in amazement
    to see how fast Suckle compiled with all of Dr. Mary's directives. What was
    even more amazing was that the 'new' Lynn Langley, now known by the name
    of 'Suckle', a name her Mistress had given her was really enjoying it. Suckle
    had a very large smile on her face as she posed in the manner in which she
    was directed to. Her eyes were reflecting a glazed sexual filled appearance.   
 Miss Tamala took several pictures.
    Suckle was posed just as Dr. Mary directed her. In between pictures, Dr.
    Mary would pull on Suckle's nipples and rub her pussy to keep her at a sexual
    high without giving her any release. With Suckle in this emotional state
    of mind and with nothing but the thoughts of sex filling her mind she was
    just too happy to comply. After several more pictures, Dr. Mary told Miss
    Tamala she thought they should make a picture to keep in Suckle's file just
    in case there was ever any controversy over the relationship of Suckle with
    her Mistress's. "You can never be too careful," Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala.   
 Dr. Mary went over to a desk in
    her laboratory and got a twelve inch square piece of white cardboard and
    a black felt tip pin. She also brought over a tape recorder. On the square
    cardboard she wrote: 'I am a pussy eater and an ass licker,' in large very
    explicit block letters. Then she brought it over to Suckle. She pulled on
    Suckle's nipples a few more times to keep her stimulated and held the sign
    up so Suckle could read it.   
 "Can you read this sigh out loud
    for your Mistress and me?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle.   
 "Yes, Madame Dr. Mary," Suckle
    answered. "It says 'I am a pussy eater and an ass licker,' Suckle read.   
 "Good girl Suckle," Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle in a very pleased tone of voice that made Suckle feel like she
    had done something really good. "And Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary know that
    you like to suck, right?" Dr. Mary again directed her question to Suckle.   
 "Yes, Madame Dr. Mary," Suckle
    replied.   
 "Good," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.
    Immediately Suckle felt a feeling of pride sweep through her. She was getting
    all these 'good' compliments from Dr. Mary and her submissive mind felt exhilarated
    by them. "Now we want the whole world to know what kind of a dirty whore
    you are, don't we?" Dr. Mary asked the sexually aroused Suckle again.   
 "Yes, Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied immediately with a smile on her face.   
 Dr. Mary brought the tape recorder
    over in front of Suckle. "Now, Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary want you to hold
    this sign in front of you. Hold it low enough so everyone can see your tities.
    Then I want you to speak loud enough so we can record your voice while you
    tell the whole world what you are. Do you understand that?" Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle.   
 "Yes, Madame Doctor Mercy, Suckle
    understands," Suckle replied in an enthusiastic tone of voice.   
 Dr. Mary knew Suckle was ready
    for anything now. Just to make sure she pulled on Suckle's nipples a few
    more times and inserted two fingers in Suckle's vagina pumping her a few
    times. Then she handed Suckle the sign who immediately held it facing the
    camera just below her breasts.   
 Dr. Mary turned to Miss Tamala. "The
    bitch is ready to go. She's soaking wet. Are you ready with the camera?" Dr.
    Mary asked Miss Tamala.   
 "Yep, I'm ready darling," Miss
    Tamala replied.   
 "I'm really anxious to see how
    she does," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. "This is where we see how good our
    training of this bitch is coming along, honey girl."   
 "Alright Suckle the whore, go ahead
    and start. Remember to speak loud enough so everyone can hear you and keep
    a happy smile on your face," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she turned the tape
    recorder on.   
 "I am Suckle the whore. Suckle
    is a dirty whore. Suckle likes to suck pussy and to lick ass. Suckle is ugly.
    Suckle is dumb and stupid ... Suckle is ...," Suckle was speaking into the
    camera as though she didn't want to stop ... as though she was really proud
    to be doing what she was told to do by her Mistress's ... as though she had
    finally discovered her true sexual orientation ... and was enjoying admitting
    to the world that she was indeed what her Mistress's told her she was.   
 Dr. Mary shut the tape recorder
    off after Miss Tamala got several pictures.   
"OK ... ok ... that's enough ...
    ok, that's enough Suckle," Dr. Mary was yelling at Suckle to stop her.   
 Dr. Mary went over and embraced
    Miss Tamala. They were both looking and laughing at the once pretty, proud
    and intelligent Suckle sitting on the stool, completely naked and holding
    that sign in front of her. She even kept that big smile on her face. It was
    becoming apparent to Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary that when Suckle was sexually
    and emotionally stimulated she was like a 'run away fright train' in her
    willingness to do anything to please them. It was also becoming apparent
    to Suckle, at least somewhere deep in her mind, that by pleasing and obeying
    her Mistress's, she herself was becoming sexually fulfilled like she had
    never been before in her prior life.   
 "Well, what do think honey girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala. "Can you believe the fucking blabbing idiot? Shit,
    before we get through with her you may had to put a muzzle on her or she'll
    be after your pussy and ass all the time," Dr. Mary continued.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    at that. "Why should I put a muzzle on her. That's exactly what I want. I
    wish somehow I could tie her head between my legs and let her suck all day
    long."   
 "Girl, you are the hottest woman
    I have ever met," Dr. Mary replied to Miss Tamala.   
 "Do you think I should use a dildo
    in her to cool her down a little?" Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "No, no," Dr. Mary replied. "I
    don't want her to have any release yet. It is better to keep her in the highly
    aroused emotional state of mind. I want to teach her how to respect your
    ass yet. Why don't you put her choker chain on and take her for a walk outside
    for a little while. That should cool her down enough to stop her from blabbing
    like an idiot," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "Ok, that sounds like a good idea.
    She's got me so hot I feel like fucking her face again. Maybe the walk will
    do me some good too," Miss Tamala replied to Dr. Mary.   
 With all the activity, Miss Tamala
    had just about dried off from her shower. She used the fluffy Turkish towel
    to finish drying herself and put her negligee back on and went to get Suckle's
    choker collar and the chain. When she got back she walked over to Suckle
    who was still sitting on the stool holding the sign in front of her breasts.   
 "Ok Suckle the whore," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle. "Give me the sign. The whole world knows you are a dumb whore
    now. Maybe we'll send one of these pictures of our dumb whore to your fianc&eacute;." Miss
    Tamala continued talking to Suckle as she was 'puppy petting' her head again. "Would
    you like that slut?" she asked Suckle.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Suckle with a smile on her face.   
 After Suckle gave Miss Tamala the
    sign she had held in front of her, Miss Tamala put Suckle's collar on her
    neck and fastened the 'leading' chain back in the link on front of the collar.
    Then she jerked the chain hard to make the links of the collar bite into
    Suckle's skin and almost pulled her up and off the stool.   
 "Aaahh," Suckle responded to the
    pull of the choker collar just as she had been trained to do and got to her
    feet. As Miss Tamala started to walk, Suckle followed obediently.   
 Miss Tamala stopped by a small
    dresser for a moment. "Open the bottom drawer and get a pair of shoes out
    to put on my feet. I don't want my feet to get dirty where we are going.
    Get the loafers out," she said to Suckle.   
 Suckle did as she was instructed.
    When she got the pair of loafers out of the drawer, she stood in front of
    Miss Tamala holding them. Miss Tamala looked straight into Suckle's eyes
    but didn't say a word.   
 Suckle had a confused look on her
    face. Then she realized what she was required to do. Miss Tamala didn't have
    to give her vocal instructions anymore. Her eyes, those dark charcoal eyes
    floating in a sea of white, told Suckle where her place was. Suckle kneeled
    down on the floor. When Miss Tamala picked up her beautiful bronze brown
    skinned foot, with the perfectly painted toe nails, Suckle bent her head
    down and kissed the instep of that foot. She then slipped the loafer on so
    carefully it was apparent to Miss Tamala that Suckle loved and cherished
    her and this was her way of demonstrating her devotion to her Mistress. Suckle
    did the same to Miss Tamala's other foot. The kiss placed by Suckle on the
    insteps of Miss Tamala's feet was totally voluntary on Suckle's part. That
    act was another indication that Suckle was truly becoming the devoted slave
    of Mistress Tamala. Then Suckle felt the bite of the choker chain links sink
    into her neck again. Again she responded as she was trained to do.   
 Dr. Mary retrieved the electronic
    camera and went over to the photograph printer to run some of their latest
    pictures of Suckle through the printer. "After I get through here I'll prepare
    for the bitch's ass respect training," she said to Miss Tamala as they parted.   
 "I can't wait doctor darling," Miss
    Tamala replied. "That ought to be a lot of fun."   
Chapter XII----Suckle's Submissiveness
    Advances   
 {This chapter dedicated to Julie
    Les}   
 Miss Tamala led Suckle up the stairs
    to the main floor of the house by pulling on the lead chain, fastened to
    the choker chain around Suckle's neck.   
Of course, Suckle was completely
    naked while Miss Tamala had her orange colored robe style negligee on. As
    they reached the top of the stairs and Miss Tamala opened the door to lead
    Suckle through, the odor of food cooking filled the air. Piglet had finished
    the laundry, carefully folded all the clothes of her Mistresses, being very
    careful to make sure all the seams of the clothing were aligned perfectly.
    All clothing that bore the initials of her Mistresses was folded with the
    initials facing outward and clearly visible.   
 Piglet then went to the kitchen
    and found the menu that Miss Tamala customarily left for her with instructions
    for the evening meal she was expected to prepare for her Mistresses. Tonight
    Piglet was preparing a rib roast, baked potatoes, fresh green beans, and
    a fresh mixed salad.   
 As Miss Tamala led Suckle through
    the kitchen to the French doors leading to a large oak deck, the delicious
    odor of the food being prepared by Piglet reminded her that she hadn't eaten
    since shortly before noon. Neither Piglet nor Suckle had eaten since the
    morning meal of high carbohydrate power bars and coffee Miss Tamala had provided
    for their breakfast. The 'power bars' were provided by Miss Tamala as a supplement
    to keep the energy of her bitches at a high level.   
 The rampant sexual arousal that
    Suckle had been experiencing in the basement had subsided somewhat since
    she wasn't any longer being stimulated by the pulling of her nipples and
    the fingering of her vagina by Dr. Mary. Suckle's mind was still overflowing
    with the thoughts of sex but the throbbing she had felt in her pussy a little
    while ago had dropped off and she wasn't constantly wet. The feeling in her
    vagina was more like a dormant craving now that was just waiting to be awakened
    again. Make no mistake about it. Suckle's sexual arousal had just been pushed
    in the background but it wouldn't take too much to get her 'fire roaring'
    again.   
 "Dr. Mary was right as usual," Miss
    Tamala was thinking to herself. "Walk the bitch around a little and let her
    'cool off' while at the same time denying her any type of climax. Miss Tamala
    knew Dr. Mary was an 'expert' in keeping Suckle's mind 'fertile' for the
    suggestions and commands she would need to give Suckle during her 'ass respect'
    training.   
 When Piglet saw Suckle being led
    through the kitchen she stared at her. She knew that Suckle was going through
    her training but she was still a little startled to see the change in her.
    Suckle almost looked like she came from a different country, or maybe even
    a different planet the way her hair was 'fixed.' In addition, Miss Tamala
    had put a thick leather belt around Suckle's waist. This belt was called
    a 'waist reducer belt' as Suckle would soon learn. It was four inches in
    diameter and two inches in thickness. The leather belt was adjustable by
    use of a buckle on the front of the belt. When Miss Tamala had put the 'waist
    reducer belt' on Suckle, she pulled the adjustable bucket very tight in order
    to keep Suckle's waist as small as possible. Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala that
    over a long period of time this would keep a bitch's stomach muscles constrained
    and with daily exercise it would reduce the bitch's waist to a size of their
    liking. On the side of the leather belt were cuff-like restraints that Suckle's
    wrists had also been 'buckled' into.   
 There were three steel hooks in
    the front of the belt and four steel hooks on the back of the belt. On one
    of these hooks, Miss Tamala hung the ivory cane like-stick that she had punished
    Suckle with earlier. Thus, the 'waist reducer belt' not only served as a
    'waist reducer' implement, but also as a sort of 'utility belt' forcing Suckle
    to carry around with her the very equipment that her Mistresses used to discipline
    her. This 'belt' had a frightening effect on the person 'locked' into it
    with whips, canes, ropes, and other disciplining equipment hanging from the
    hooks. It was even more frightening when that person felt a piece of equipment
    being taken from one of the hooks knowing full well what was about to happen.   
 As Suckle was being led outside
    to 'cool off,' she was told by Miss Tamala to keep her head down and her
    eyes on the floor. She was not to look anywhere except one inch in front
    of her feet. Suckle was trying to imagine where the one inch area in front
    of her feet was so she would be sure she was being obedient to her Mistress.   
 Dr. Mary had impressed on Miss
    Tamala the importance of issuing 'precise' orders and directions to Suckle
    during her training period. This would configure Suckle's mind to listen
    to very word that came from her Mistress's mouth as though it was the most
    important sound she could hear. The benefits of this part of Suckle's 'education'
    would be very valuable when Miss Tamala gave her orders and directions on
    how to bring her pleasure.   
 The deck attached to Dr. Mary and
    Miss Tamala's house was made of highly polished oak wood. Miss Tamala and
    Dr. Mary liked highly polished wood, not only because of its luxurious appearance
    but also because it created the atmosphere of a type of castle or temple
    in which people of 'high stature' would reside. This always gave both beautiful
    and successful African American women a feeling of superiority and was a
    source of pride that went along with their beauty and success. On the other
    hand, it had the opposite effect on Piglet and would soon, on Suckle. One
    step into these luxurious surroundings would reinforce the sense of inferiority
    that someone with a submissive personality would experience, especially in
    the presence of these two beautiful dominant women.   
 Miss Tamala had led Suckle by her
    chain and both wrists locked on the sides of the waist reducer belt strapped
    around her waist around the deck a few times. This was another new and embarrassing
    experience for Suckle since she had never been 'outdoors' completely naked.
    Although the house itself was pretty well hidden from the main road, cars
    were visible traveling up and down the road through the sporadic clearings
    in the trees surrounding the garden. As Suckle was being led through the
    French doors and saw the cars, she hesitated afraid she would be seen by
    people from the road. One hard pull of the choker chain around her neck by
    Miss Tamala and Suckle stepped out 'in public' for the first time as Miss
    Tamala's bitch.   
 Miss Tamala loved the look of fear
    on Suckle's face as she realized that anyone who cared to take a careful
    look from the road could see her. Of course, Miss Tamala knew the traffic
    traveling up and down the road moved at a pretty fast pace and it was unlikely
    that anyone would even be able to observe the deck or the people on the deck
    for any length of time. Nevertheless, it was exciting for Miss Tamala to
    see the embarrassed look on Suckle's face and even more exciting to make
    Suckle obey the pull of the chain as she was being trained to do.   
 "Piglet," Miss Tamala yelled in
    through the French doors leading to the kitchen.   
 "Yes Mistress," Piglet replied
    as she came to the doors.   
 "Bring me a glass of ice tea with
    two slices of lemon," Miss Tamala ordered Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Piglet.   
 After walking Suckle around the
    deck a few times, Miss Tamala sat down in a chaise lounge chair with large
    stuffed pillows. She told Suckle to kneel in front of her with her head down
    and her eyes looking down at the floor of the deck. Of course Suckle, with
    the customary acknowledgement of obedience which was becoming natural to
    her answered, 'Yes Mistress,' and knelt in front of her Mistress as instructed.   
 Suckle felt Miss Tamala's loafer
    clad feet come to rest on her shoulders. This was a very uncomfortable position
    for Suckle to be in with her wrists locked firmly at her waist. She kept
    her head bowed and experienced the consciousness of obedience flowing through
    her body and mind. She was being used as a 'foot rest' for her Mistress and
    it was again causing a stirring feeling in her vagina.   
 "Why do I feel this way?" Suckle
    was thinking to herself. "Why does Miss Tamala this affect on me?" Suckle
    was trying to identify with her submissive nature. The closeness of Miss
    Tamala ankles to her face left Suckle with a sense of gratification that
    she didn't understand. Yet she couldn't deny the feeling of sexuality she
    felt. In fact, she felt so excited just by the contact she was having with
    Miss Tamala that she wished she could turn her head and kiss or lick Miss
    Tamala's ankles and feet.   
 "Your tea Mistress," Piglet announced
    to Miss Tamala as she reappeared on the deck. Suckle had to walk over to
    the side of the chaise lounge to hand her Mistress the tea she had ordered
    since Suckle was being used as a 'foot rest' in front of Miss Tamala. Even
    Piglet could feel a stirring in her vagina while observing her beautiful
    Mistress, sitting relaxed in the chaise lounge with her bronze brown, loafer
    clad feet, resting on Suckle's white shoulders.   
 The 'excited' look on Piglet's
    face wasn't lost to Miss Tamala. She knew Piglet had become an almost 'insatiable'
    whore under her and Miss Mary's tutelage and with one snap of her fingers
    Piglet would gladly bury her face in her pussy and suck with enthusiasm to
    bring her Mistress to a climax. But Miss Tamala had to 'tend to' Suckle right
    now. Piglet would just have to wait until later to taste her Mistress.   
 Piglet was trained to serve Miss
    Tamala's tea on a 'bamboo serving tray' that Miss Mary had bought on one
    of her trips to Africa. There was always a straw, napkin and extra lemon
    wedges in a small wooden bowl on the tray. Piglet would bend, waist level,
    until Miss Tamala would take her glass of tea. She would then wait until
    Miss Tamala took her first sip of tea, pick up the napkin and, in a very
    sincere and caring manner, pat Miss Tamala's beautiful full lips of any moisture
    from the tea that might remain there.   
 Piglet would feel a flash of excitement
    go through her submissive body wherever she had the 'privilege' of serving
    her Mistress in this way. Today, it was especially thrilling to Piglet to
    observe her Mistress with her 'sister whore,' Suckle.   
 "Go back and finish preparing dinner," Miss
    Tamala ordered Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," answered
    Piglet as she disappeared from the deck.   
 Since Suckle had been ordered to
    keep her eyes on the deck in front of her in her kneeling position, she couldn't
    observe the interchange between Miss Tamala and Piglet. However, out of her
    peripheral vision she could see Piglet's bare feet and heard Piglet's voice
    as she obediently served Miss Tamala. It gave Suckle a very uncomfortable
    feeling somewhere deep in the pit of her stomach as she realized that she
    might end up in the same position as Piglet.   
 Suckle's mind was working overtime
    now. The combination of having her wrists in the cuffs, strapped to the sides
    of her body, and the tightness of the belt buckled around her waist made
    her become conscious of just how helpless she was. Suckle had never had her
    hands completely immobilized before and she felt an eerie frightening feeling
    of being unable to protect herself if the need should arise. Her tongue was
    still a little sore from the piercing Dr. Mary had done there. The pain from
    the blows of the ivory cane on her back had subsided somewhat but it still
    hurt enough to remind her of what had happened to her. "What's going to happen
    to me," Suckle was thinking to herself. "I can't move my hands. I am naked
    outside of the house. No one knows where I am. What if Mistress decides to
    kill me," The thoughts flashing through Suckle's mind were building up into
    a severe foreboding fear. Suckle began to tremble and tears were filling
    her eyes and dripping to the deck.   
 Miss Tamala looked down at her
    new obedient bitch. She was recollecting the last few days. She still was
    finding it hard to believe that Suckle had been so easy to take this far.
    She thought back on how she and Dr. Mary had led Piglet into her new life
    of servitude. "Maybe we are going too fast with Suckle," she was thinking
    to herself. "I don't want to lose her now. Damn it, she has a good mouth
    and tongue and she is going to be fun when she really learns how to bring
    me slow long orgasms," she continued thinking to herself. Then she remembered
    what Dr. Mary had said to her in a discussion about Suckle when they were
    alone.   
 "Suckle," Dr. Mary had told her
    after seeing Suckle in action, "is a really hot bitch with a libido that
    won't stop. She has the strongest submissive biological urges I have ever
    seen in a woman. All we have to do is implant the ideas in her mind and give
    her the freedom to act out her submissiveness and she will never want to
    go back to what she considered a 'normal' life before. She was born with
    these latent desires to be dominated by someone with a strong personality.
    All we are doing is making her realize a dream that was always in her mind
    but lay dormant just waiting for someone like us to awaken her fantasy and
    bring it to reality."   
 Miss Tamala was satisfied that
    Dr. Mary's explanation made sense. "Anyway," she thought, "Dr. Mary is the
    expert." Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary knew long ago they were multi-orgasmic.
    They simply loved sex. When they coupled sex with domination it was like
    lighting a fuse on a thousand firecrackers. Miss Tamala told Dr. Mary she
    was sure she could have a dozen orgasms a day and Dr. Mary promised her one
    day she would make her prove it.   
 Miss Tamala felt Suckle begin to
    tremble underneath her feet. When she looked down at Suckle, she saw the
    tears coming from her eyes and dripping on the deck.   
 "What the fuck is wrong with you
    now," she yelled at Suckle.   
 There was no reply from Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala lifted her right foot
    from Suckle's shoulder and let her loafer slip off and drop to the deck.
    She then put her bare foot under Suckle's chin and moved Suckle's head upward. "Look
    at me," she ordered Suckle.   
 Again there wasn't a reply from
    Suckle but her head did rise up and was facing Miss Tamala. Suckle kept her
    eyes closed and tears were still flowing down her face cheeks, the tears
    dripping slowly down to the deck.   
 Miss Tamala was getting angry with
    Suckle's lack of a reply to her questions and orders. She knew this called
    for punishment but Suckle was trembling more than she had ever seen her up
    to this point so she decided to delay any discipline for the time being.   
 "You're crying again. "Maybe I
    should have named you 'cry baby' instead of 'Suckle," Miss Tamala said to
    Suckle in a somewhat softer tone of voice. Miss Tamala pushed down on Suckle's
    lower lip with her big toe. "Cat got your tongue stupid," Miss Tamala said. "Open
    your eyes and look at me," she continued in a now louder more demanding voice.   
 Suckle didn't reply but she did
    open her tear filled eyes looking directly at the very beautiful face of
    Miss Tamala.   
 "Now, when I ask you a question
    you better answer or you're heading for a severe punishment. You know I warned
    you about making me repeat myself. Even a jackass would understand that.
    Are you even dumber than a jackass?" Miss Tamala kept up the verbal pressure
    on Suckle.   
 "I ... I ... Suckle is afraid," Suckle
    replied, remembering to refer to herself in the third person as she had been
    taught.   
 Miss Tamala raised her bare foot
    six inches above Suckle's head and with a audible 'thud' she brought the
    heel of her foot down on Suckle's face cheek just below her right eye. The
    blow knocked Suckle to the floor directly in front of Miss Tamala.   
 "Ow, ow, oowww," Suckle involuntarily
    cried reacting to the pain from the blow. It was another unexpected surprise
    for Suckle. The earlier soft sobs became much louder. Suckle's face stung
    and even felt numb for a moment. She thought for sure her face would be swollen.   
 Miss Tamala reached down and pulled
    Suckle back up to her knees by the woven tube on top of her head. Suckle
    was still crying loudly.   
 "Is that the way you were taught
    to answer your Mistress," she yelled at Suckle. "Don't you ever disrespect
    Mistress again by not addressing me in the way I deserve to be addressed," Miss
    Tamala yelled at Suckle.   
 "Suckle is sorry Mistress, Suckle
    is sorry ... Suckle is sorry," Suckle answered repeatedly between sobs deadly
    afraid of being kicked by Miss Tamala's heel again.   
 "Now explain to Mistress what you're
    afraid of Suckle?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle.   
 "I ... Suckle doesn't know what
    is going to happen to her," Suckle answered in a very low voice ... "I ...
    Suckle means Mistress," Suckle was trying to correct herself, still frightened
    that she might be kicked again.   
 Miss Tamala sensed that Suckle
    was struggling to understand her submissive nature and her sexual orientation.
    She was confident that Suckle was so docile and easily managed that she would
    never want to leave her especially after participating in sexual acts in
    a way she had never experienced before. She decided to make use of Suckle's
    thought processes to reinforce her submissiveness.   
 "Does Suckle want to go home?" asked
    Miss Tamala in a very soft voice. "Does my little stupid Suckle want to go
    back to being that boring and unpretentious Lynn Langley?"   
 "Suckle doesn't know Mistress," answered
    the sobbing Suckle in a meek unsure voice.   
 Miss Tamala reached down and took
    Suckle's face in both of her hands, rubbing her thumbs softly in corners
    of Suckle's eyes in outward motion in an effort to dry her tears. To Suckle
    it seemed like an 'act of kindness,' as though Miss Tamala felt remorseful
    for being required to inflict punishment on her once again. This mixture
    of 'punishment' followed by 'kindness' served to confuse Suckle's thought
    processes even more as Suckle struggled to understand her emotions. "It's
    my fault," Suckle was thinking to herself, "Mistress had to punish me because
    I was bad." Then as Miss Tamala continued holding Suckle's head, her thumbs
    softly rubbing her eyes and face cheeks, she heard Miss Tamala's voice begin
    to speak again.   
 "Let me tell you right now," Miss
    Tamala said in a soft voice as though she was telling Suckle something that
    was very important. "You are free to leave here at any time you want to.
    But Suckle must understand that once you leave your Mistress, you will never
    be able to come back. Do you understand?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle while
    looking straight into her eyes.   
 Miss Tamala stopped rubbing Suckle's
    eyes and face and sat back in the chaise lounge waiting for Suckle's reply.
    She let her negligee slip open to give Suckle a good view of her upper legs
    and thighs.   
 Suckle knelt there in silence looking
    up at Miss Tamala ... looking up the beautiful brown legs, up to the muscular
    thighs, and up a little further to the mass of jet black ringlets of Miss
    Tamala's pubic hair that seemed to be peeking at her. The words 'free to
    leave' ... 'never come back' ... were going through Suckle's mind over and
    over again. It felt so 'natural' for Suckle to be on her knees looking up
    at this beautiful mature woman ... and it made her feel good in a way she
    didn't understand.   
 Miss Tamala let Suckle struggle
    with her thoughts for a while. She knew Suckle was looking at her legs, her
    thighs and into the darkness surrounding her vagina. Then she decided it
    was time to 'assist' Suckle's thinking by embedding more suggestions in her
    mind. She knew Suckle reacted best when she was stimulated sexually. She
    had just witnessed Suckle's shameless interchange with Dr. Mary while taking
    pictures.   
 Miss Tamala bend over and started
    pulling Suckle's nipples very softly. "Does my bitch Suckle want me to pack
    her clothes and send her home?" she asked in that sexy tone of voice that
    always got Suckle's attention.   
 As soon as Suckle felt the first
    touch of Miss Tamala hands on her nipples she took a deep breath. "Ohhh,
    Ohhh ... aahhh ... ahhh ...," the little gasps came from Suckle almost automatically. "Mistress
    ... Suckle ... Suckle ...doesn't ...." Suckle couldn't finish speaking. The
    feelings stirring deep within her vagina were betraying her again.   
 Miss Tamala leaned over a little
    more ... just close enough for the cleavage of the negligee straining to
    hold her magnificent breasts to come within a few inches of Suckle's face.   
 Suckle could smell the sweetness
    of the lilac perfume that had poured over Miss Tamala's body in the shower
    and it filled her nostrils to what seemed like an overflowing sensation.
    She could just get a glimpse of the large dark brown circles surrounding
    Miss Tamala's nipples that made them seem like little twin peaks on the top
    of two mountains. Suckle's mouth began to fill with moisture as she salivated
    remembering sucking on them. She remembered the warmth between the twin mounds
    when Miss Tamala pulled her head there earlier at her office. She looked
    at into the face of Miss Tamala. Miss Tamala's hair was drying from the wetness
    of her earlier shower and it was naturally starting to billow outward from
    her head, the jet black color glistening in the late evening sun and accenting
    the beauty of her face ... the richness of her bronze colored skin ... the
    high cheek bones ... the full lips.   
 Miss Tamala pulled Suckle's hardened
    nipples a few more times until she was satisfied that Suckle was involuntarily
    surrendering to the sexual impulses going through her body. She leaned back
    in the chaise lounge pushing her hips outward and spreading her legs until
    Suckle's head was just above her knees and in between her lower thighs.   
 Suckle's nostrils immediately picked
    the scent that her mind automatically associated with sex. Mixed in with
    the smell of lilac was a light musk ... the scent she was now familiar with,
    coming from behind the curly jet black ringlets of Miss Tamala's pussy. Suckle
    sexual urges were overriding any other thoughts that had been going through
    her mind ... and Miss Tamala knew it!   
 Miss Tamala smiled at Suckle. She
    leaned over and grabbed Suckle's chin in the palm of her hand and squeezed
    very hard. Her face was only two inches from Suckle's face. Suckle looked
    up into Miss Tamala's dominant eyes. "You little fucking slut," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle in a low methodical tone of voice, "I know what you are. You're
    a white slut, a weakling. I knew from the first time I laid eyes on you that
    you were a dumb bitch. Where do you think you would ever find someone like
    me or Dr. Mary that would put up with your unintelligent and stupid mind
    not to mention taking the time to satisfy your unnatural sexual cravings?" Miss
    Tamala continued lecturing Suckle. Miss Tamala put an emphasis on the words
    'unnatural sexual cravings' to make Suckle think she was a pervert of some
    kind. By embedding this thought in Suckle's mind, not only would it increase
    Suckle's inferiority complex but it would make Suckle think that as a 'pervert'
    she would have no where else to go and no one else would want her.   
 Making Suckle think of herself
    as a 'perverted person' would increase her trust in Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary,
    who she would think were the only two persons who understood her true character
    and who would let her live out her immoral desires.   
 Miss Tamala let go of Suckle's
    chin and stood up. She pulled on Suckle lead chain very hard and made the
    collar bite deeply into Suckle's neck. "Get up," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle. "Dr.
    Mary is waiting for us."   
 Any doubt that was running through
    Suckle's mind was over now. She knew she could never even think about leaving
    her Mistress. As she followed Miss Tamala back through the French doors into
    the house, being led by the chain attached to the collar around her neck
    she suddenly felt free of any doubt about what she was becoming. "I am Suckle
    the whore," she was thinking to herself. "I belong to Mistress Tamala." The
    more Suckle thought in this manner the more excited she became, especially
    walking behind and looking at the sensual figure of Miss Tamala in front
    of her.   
 By the time Miss Tamala had led
    Suckle back down to the basement Suckle's pussy was beginning to moisten
    up again. As soon as she saw Dr. Mary walking toward her she thought about
    the large rubber dildo Dr. Mary had inserted in her pussy and the sexual
    exhilaration she felt from it.   
 "Well the dumb fucker is back," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as she held up the pictures she had just finished running
    through the printer. "Look at your 'happy picture' she said to Suckle showing
    her the large eight by ten picture of Suckle holding up the sigh that said
    'I am a pussy eater and an ass licker' in front of herself with a big lustful
    smile on her face. Dr. Mary reached down and rubbed her finger back and forth
    across Suckle's pussy lips as she was talking to her.   
 Immediately Suckle responded to
    Dr. Mary's expert rubbing on her pussy. Dr. Mary seemed to know just where
    to touch and how to touch Suckle. She got a smile on her face as she looked
    at herself in the picture. She felt sinful and wicked. She indeed felt like
    a pervert, just as Miss Tamala told her she was ... and it made her feel
    good and excited.   
 While Dr. Mary was talking and
    manipulating Suckle's body and mind, Miss Tamala had removed Suckle's collar,
    freed her wrists and unloosened the waist reducer belt. Suckle was completely
    naked again and felt a little more at ease, especially since her hands were
    free. Miss Tamala stepped back to watch Dr. Mary 'go to work' on Suckle sensing
    the exciting imminence of sexual activity 'in the air.'   
 "Do you know the little slut in
    the picture," Dr. Mary asked Suckle in that high pitched motherly tone of
    voice.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," answered
    Suckle again responding in a little girl tone of voice following the lead
    of, and responding to Dr. Mary.   
 "Tell Mistress Tamala who's in
    the happy picture," Dr. Mary asked Suckle making Suckle, once again, acknowledge
    and degrade herself.   
 Suckle was involuntarily getting
    caught up in the 'acknowledgment' trap once again. Suckle looked at Miss
    Tamala and with a smile on her face she said: "It's me Mistress Tamala, its
    Suckle the whore."   
 Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary chuckled
    at Suckle. They knew Suckle was getting turned on. When Suckle got into this
    'state of mind' she was just about ready for anything.   
 "Good girl," Dr. Mary said to Suckle
    patting her lightly on the head. "Doesn't Suckle look like an ugly idiot?" Dr.
    Mary asked Suckle, continuing to work on Suckle's thought processes.   
 Like a little girl getting a lollipop,
    Suckle was thrilled with the 'good girl' she got from Dr. Mary. "Yes Madame
    Dr. Mercy," Suckle answered and then added "Suckle IS an ugly idiot." Suckle
    volunteered the last phase hoping for another 'good girl' from Dr. Mary and
    another pat on the head ... and she got it!   
 Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary chuckled
    even louder and longer at Suckle's apparent enjoyment at humiliating and
    debasing herself in front of these two beautiful, strong and confident African
    American women.   
 "Good girl, good girl," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle, again patting her lightly on the head. "Now come over here.
    I have a special stool for you to sit on," Dr. Mary continued, taking Suckle
    by the arm and leading her to another place in the basement. Of course, Miss
    Tamala followed them.   
 The 'special stool' sat in a space
    by itself. It was twenty-four inches in length and 6 inches in width. On
    the bar-like stool was a large black rubber dildo with numerous little points,
    an inch long, sticking out and completely encircling it. Almost directly
    in back of that dildo was another dildo, much narrower and not quite as long.
    This dildo also had little points encircling it but the points were only
    a quarter inch long.   
 Suckle wasn't quite sure what 'special
    stool' was going to be used for, but the feeling in her vagina ... the pulsating
    she felt, indicated to her, at least in her mind, that it was going to be
    used on her. When Dr. Mary saw Suckle looking at the bar-like stool, she
    began to fondle Suckle's breasts again, squeezing the globes and then letting
    her fingers work up to Suckle's nipples, squeezing and pulling on them too.
    Suckle's breath quickened almost immediately letting out the now familiar
    little gasps of involuntary bliss.   
 Dr. Mary heard the little sounds
    coming from Suckle's mouth. "Yes, yes," she thought to herself, "this bitch
    is getting close to the point of no return."   
 Ok Suckle, you dirty little bastard," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle in the proverbial words she used to demean Suckle. "Straddle
    your legs over the stool and lower your self down slowly."   
 Suckle didn't even hesitate for
    a moment. She did as she was instructed under the watchful eyes of both of
    her trainers.   
 "Stop," Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle
    just as the both dildos were a few inches from her vagina and ass. "Let me
    take this thing out of your hair. You're ugly enough without it," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle laughing at her as she continued humiliating her stimulating
    her submissive orientation.   
 Miss Tamala was observing closely.
    She felt the moisture building up inside of her pussy too. She didn't know
    what made her 'hotter' ... Dr. Mary controlling Suckle or the sight of Suckle
    being so completely dominated and lowering herself over these exact replicas
    of male penises. Miss Tamala also knew Dr. Mary must be 'boiling over' by
    now because she knew her well enough to know she thoroughly enjoyed this
    type of activity.   
 Suckle held this uncomfortable
    position, her knees half way bent down while Dr. Mary removed the woven tube
    from her hair. Suckle's hair was so greasy from the Vaseline that it only
    took a minute for the tube to be removed. Dr. Mary then took a comb and pulled
    Suckle's greasy hair back in one bunch and tied it with a piece of braided
    white rope that had three little bells attached to it an inch apart. She
    then rubbed the Vaseline that remained on her hands from Suckle's hair on
    both the 'front dildo' and the 'rear dildo.' Dr. Mary knelt down beside the
    stool and took the front dildo and the rear dildo in each of her hands.   
 "Ok slut," Dr. Mary said to Suckle, "lower
    yourself down until I tell you to stop."   
 Suckle obeyed and felt the beginnings
    of the double penetration of both dildos as Dr. Mary guided them to their
    targets ... one in her vagina and the other in  the
    posterior opening of the alimentary canal.   
 As soon as Suckle got an inch of
    both dildos inside of her she stopped. She had a sensation of feeling 'stuffed.'
    The dildo in her vagina caused a sort of pleasant sensation which she had
    become familiar with earlier but the dildo piercing her 'rosebud' was causing
    a new feeling to surge through Suckle's body that she hadn't experience to
    this extent before.   
 When Dr. Mary was satisfied that
    there was enough penetration in both of Suckle's openings that it didn't
    require any more of the guidance from her hands, she got up from her kneeling
    position and walked in front of the 'squatting' Suckle.   
 "Whack," the sound of Dr. Mary
    slapping Suckle's face broke the silence in the basement. "You dumb bastard," Dr.
    Mary yelled at Suckle, "did I tell you to stop?"   
 "I'm sorry ... Suckle is sorry
    Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle replied. "I ... Suckle ... the ... ah ... my ...
    my ass felt ... it hurt ... it ..." Suckle was trying to justify what she
    suddenly realized was disobedience.   
 "Give me your hands," Dr. Mary
    told Suckle in a very stern voice. "Excuses are not tolerated in this house.
    Excuses are just another form of disobedience," Dr. Mary was lecturing Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    answered in a low voice. "Suckle understands Madame ... Suckle understands," Suckle
    added on her own trying to ward off another slap in the face by placating
    Dr. Mary.   
 Miss Tamala had a large smile on
    her face. "It's astonishing to see how Suckle is getting to the point where
    she will to go any extreme to avoid punishment ... even to the point of begging," she
    was thinking to herself.   
 Suckle held her arms straight out
    and Dr. Mary took her smallish white hands in her beautiful dark hands. "Lower
    yourself until you are completely impaled on my toys," Dr. Mary directed
    Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," answered
    Suckle. The word 'impaled' scared Suckle but she wasn't about to disobey
    Dr. Mary again. Suckle lowered herself slowing feeling more and more of the
    dildos filling her both openings. As the last of the dildos disappeared between
    Suckle's ass cheeks and legs she closed her eyes. Now she felt really 'stuffed,'
    almost as though her pussy and asshole were one and the same.   
 Dr. Mary left go of Suckle's hands,
    bent down and picked up a little control box that had wires attached to it.
    The wires ran down under the bar-like stool, something Suckle hadn't noticed
    before.   
 "Look at me Suckle. I want to see
    if I can make you make a 'happy face," Dr. Mary said to Suckle again changing
    the tone of her voice to sound like a mother or teacher patiently instructing
    a child.   
 "Ohhh, ooohhh, aahhhhh, oh, oh,
    oh," the involuntary sounds came from Suckle.   
 Dr. Mary had turned some of the
    dials on the control box. One dial controlled an adjustable pulsating electrical
    current, another dial controlled movement, and another controlled temperature.
    Dr. Mary had turned on a small amount of electrical current which was emitted
    through the rubber dildo. The electrical current flowed through each of the
    points protruding out on the dildo. As each of these pulsating 'sparks' of
    electricity flickered 'on an off' in Suckle's pussy she would moan. At first
    the moans coming from Suckle sounded like gasps of pain but slowly they changed
    to sounds of someone experiencing an extraordinary amount of ecstasy.   
 Miss Tamala walked over to stand
    beside Dr. Mary. They were three feet from the sitting Suckle. Suckle had
    her hands on her thighs and was making little bouncing movements every few
    seconds in reaction to the impulses of electrical current which would also
    caused her breasts to bounce up and down slightly.   
 "I didn't see this one of your
    inventions," Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary.   
 "I had it made a few months ago.
    Suckle is the first one to try it out. Would you like me to explain how it
    works to you?" Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "Yes, I sure would," Miss Tamala
    answered Dr. Mary.   
 After Dr. Mary explained the controls
    to Miss Tamala, she handed the control box to her and walked over to stand
    on the side of Suckle.   
 "Suckle the whore feel good?" Dr.
    Mary asked Suckle in that sweet disalarming tone of voice.   
 "Oh yes, aahhhh, oh yes Madame," Suckle
    answered Dr. Mary, turning her head to look into the beautiful of her trainer.
    Suckle had a little smile on her face that indicated to Dr. Mary the 'stool'
    she had specially built was doing its job.   
 "Feel good down here piggy girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as she reached down through Suckle's pubic hair until
    she was rubbing on Suckle's stretched out pussy lips. Dr. Mary's hand alternated
    between rubbing Suckle's pussy lips and the rubber dildo as though she was
    illustrating to Suckle just how much of the large rubber dildo she stuffed
    inside of her.   
 "Oh yes, yes, yes, Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    said in rapid excited sounds.   
 "Shit, she's flowing like a river," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "She's getting me wet just watching
    her," Miss Tamala replied to Dr. Mary.   
 Dr. Mary put her hands on Suckle's
    thighs and pushed her body in a backward motion. Suckle felt the rubber dildo
    in her pussy bend with her backward movement and felt the dildo in her asshole
    push forward.   
 "Turn the movement dial on the
    ass dildo," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 As soon as Suckle felt the rubber
    dildo turning in a circular motion in her asshole, she could feel it rubbing
    through the connective tissue separating both openings. It felt like the
    back dildo was rubbing against the dildo in her pussy.   
 "Aaaahhhhhhhh, aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Suckle
    was almost yelling out loud from the sensations she felt making her body
    tremble with sexual desires she could never have imagined as the feeling
    in her ass was resonating with the feeling in her pussy.   
 "Shut everything off," Dr. Mary
    said to Miss Tamala. "I want to keep this bitch aroused as much as possible.
    She's got some sucking to do." Dr. Mary was concerned that Suckle would reach
    an early orgasm and she didn't want her sexual arousal to 'drop off' just
    yet.   
 Miss Tamala laughed as she turned
    all the dials on the control box off. "Doctor dear, I do believe you are
    getting horny."   
 Suckle stopped making the little
    licentious sounds she had been making in response to the pulsating and moving
    dildos. But one glance at the lustful look on her face told Dr. Mary and
    Miss Tamala she was still highly aroused.   
 Dr. Mary untied her robe and let
    the front fall open. She walked over to the front of Suckle, straddled the
    stool facing her and sat down on Suckle's thighs letting Suckle feel her
    full weight and the warmth of her ass on her legs. Dr. Mary took Suckle's
    hands and placed them under her own dark brown breasts and let them rest
    there. Then she didn't do anything else but watch the expression on Suckle's
    face.   
 Suckle's expression was one of
    complete desire. She was amazed at the largeness and beauty of Dr. Mary's
    breasts. Just the sheer weight of Dr. Mary's magnificent breasts on Suckle's
    hands caused a stirring in Suckle's vagina. She wasn't sure if she had permission
    to do anything other than leave her hands where Dr. Mary had placed them.
    Then slowly she let her unsure little white hands squeeze and caress the
    beautiful twin globes gradually working up enough courage to run her little
    white fingers around darker brown circles surrounding Dr. Mary's nipples
    as though she was a girl scout on an exploring expedition. She looked into
    the beautiful face of Dr. Mary. She could see a large smile on Dr. Mary's
    face. Suckle was in heaven. She was pleasing Dr. Mary and by pleasing her
    trainer she in turn was pleasing herself.   
 Dr. Mary reached down between her
    own thighs and ran two of her fingers along her pussy lips. Slowly she inserted
    the two fingers deep in her vagina gathering up as much of her pussy juices
    as she could. Slowly she pulled her fingers out, being careful not to spill
    any of her juices. She held her two soaked fingers up in front of Suckle's
    face.   
 "Open your mouth you dirty pig
    of a girl and I will let you taste my honey," Dr. Mary said in a deliberate
    soft tone of voice.   
 Suckle was so excited she didn't
    even take the time to acknowledge Dr. Mary's order. Instead her mouth snapped
    open as though she had been starving for a week. Suckle even opened her mouth
    wider than she thought she could in an effort to demonstrate just what a
    slut she was for Dr. Mary. As soon as Suckle's nostrils picked up the scent
    coming from Dr. Mary's fingers, her mind went into a dizzily spin. "Pussy
    ... sex ... suck ... taste ... suck ... suck," the thoughts went through
    Suckle's mind so fast she thought she was becoming delirious.   
 Suckle felt Dr. Mary's soaked fingers
    on her tongue. Immediately her taste buds reacted. It was a taste Suckle
    had become familiar with in the last few days and it seemed like the more
    of the taste she got, the more she wanted. She waited and waited for what
    seemed like forever. As she waited she fought her natural instincts to close
    her mouth and suck on Dr. Mary's fingers. But Suckle's obedience training
    overrode her natural instincts. She knew she had to have permission to do
    just about anything anymore. She put a 'sad puppy' look on her face hoping
    that 'sad look' would gain her permission to close her mouth and do what
    she wanted to do. Then the voice of Dr. Mary came ... the voice she recognized
    as the voice of authority.   
 "Close your mouth and suck my fingers
    slowly whore. Leave all my juices on your tongue. Don't swallow. I want to
    watch my juices go down you crummy throat and into your belly," Dr. Mary
    told Suckle obviously building up her own sexual arousal by the continuing
    degradation of Suckle.   
 Permission!!! Suckle's ears rang
    with the word she had been waiting for ... craving for. Dr. Mary told her
    she has permission. Her mouth closed and her tongue went to work. She ran
    her tongue all around Dr. Mary's fingers. Then she slowly pulled in her cheeks
    in an effort to make sure she got all the flavorful juices off the two fingers.
    Suckle looked just like someone had put a rich creamy fudge Popsicle in her
    mouth the way she was sucking on the two brown fingers. And all the time
    she was sucking she kept running her fingers over the hard nipples of Dr.
    Mary.   
 "Enough you hungry bastard," Dr.
    Mary abruptly said to Suckle. "Open you mouth and let me see how you did."   
 Again Suckle didn't answer. She
    was running on 'automatic pilot' now. 'Listen for commands ... obey commands
    ... listen for directions ... follow directions.' Suckle's mind was like
    a 'finely tuned instrument,' just the way Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had planned.   
 Suckle opened her mouth. Dr. Mary
    could see the abundant creamy almost translucent juices there. "Keep your
    mouth opened as wide as you can and let my pussy juices slide down your throat," Dr.
    Mary told Suckle. Suckle did as she was told and tipped her head backwards
    trying to let the juices flow backward of their own accord.   
 "Now swallow piggy," Dr. Mary said
    to Suckle. With an audible swallowing sound Suckle did as she was told ...
    and she liked it. Suckle purposely made the swallowing sound as loud as she
    could because she thought it would please these two strong superior women.
    And Suckle was getting to the point where more than anything else in the
    world she wanted to please her trainers. She yearned to see the smiles of
    satisfaction on her Mistresses faces when she obeyed whatever they told her
    to do.   
 When Suckle was through swallowing
    she ran her tongue around her lips and made a 'smacking' sound.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," both Dr. Mary and
    Miss Tamala laughed at Suckle's antics as Dr. Mary got up off of Suckle's
    thighs.   
 "Did you see the stupid fucker
    smack her lips?" Dr. Mary asked Miss Tamala.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," she is becoming a
    real slut, isn't she?" Miss Tamala replied.   
 "Yes, even more so than I expected," Dr.
    Mary said. "Are you sure you didn't find this white bitch in a whore house
    somewhere?"   
 "Nope," Miss Tamala replied. "Straight
    out of her third year of law school. An honor student too. And a religious
    instructor too. Looks like she would eat shit if you told her to."   
 "Hey glorious lady," Dr. Mary said
    to Miss Tamala. "Don't give me any ideas. Speaking of shit, let's give the
    bitch some 'ass respect' training."   
 "I have been looking forward to
    it. Sounds like something I would enjoy," replied Miss Tamala.   
 Suckle was still very highly aroused.
    She would make little tiny rocking movements of her hips. Just enough to
    keep the bodily stimulation from the dildos flowing throughout her nervous
    system but not enough that she thought she would get in trouble for by not
    having permission to make these movements.   
 Dr. Mary moved over closer to Suckle
    again. She wanted to make sure Suckle was fully aroused and very close to
    her peak. She knew she would have to use a lot of 'mind control' coupled
    with 'sexual desire' for this next part of Suckle's training. Dr. Mary started
    rubbing Suckle's nipples. They were already very hard. The dildos were doing
    their job, Dr. Mary decided. She was ready to go.   
 Dr. Mary moved her face very close
    to Suckle's face. "Now little dirty piggy girl, you have been so good your
    Mistress is going to give you a reward. Would Suckle the whore like that?" Dr.
    Mary asked Suckle switching to that motherly tone of voice that always made
    Suckle feel like a little girl.   
 "Oh yes, yes Madame Dr. Mercy," replied
    Suckle with enthusiasm even though she had no idea what type of 'reward'
    Dr. Mary had in mind.   
 Miss Tamala had taken her negligee
    off and was walking over to Dr. Mary and Suckle. She was completely naked
    except for the loafers she had used to walk outside earlier.   
 Suckle looked at Miss Tamala. This
    was the second time she had seen Miss Tamala without clothing of any kind.
    The first time was in the shower but with the water pouring over her she
    didn't get the time to appreciate her beauty. As Miss Tamala walked slowly
    toward Suckle, she had a little more time.   
 Suckle stared for a moment taking
    in the beauty of her Mistress ... the woman who was becoming the owner of
    her soul. She saw the richness of the color of her skin, the beautiful large
    firm breasts, and the brown circles surrounding the erect nipples. She looked
    downward at the thick mat of jet black pubic hair that seemed to glisten
    in dancing ringlets reflecting the light in the basement. She remembered
    rubbing her face in that hair and enjoying the coarseness of the strands
    against her face. She saw the thick thighs leading down to the muscular calves
    of her legs. "Truly, she is the most beautiful woman in the world," Suckle
    thought.   
 Dr. Mary directed Miss Tamala in
    front of Suckle. Under Dr. Mary's supervision, Miss Tamala turned around
    so her ass was only a few inches away from Suckle's face.   
 "Look Suckle, look. Isn't your
    Mistress's ass beautiful?" Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy, oh yes,
    yes," Suckle again replied in a highly pitched excited voice.   
 "Put your hands on the cheeks," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle.   
 Suckle put her smallish white hands
    on the dark skin of Miss Tamala's ass cheeks. They were warm, soft and firm
    at the same time. Suckle got another big smile on her face. It just felt
    so good to Suckle to be touching Mistress Tamala here. She felt as though
    she had gained entrance into a 'secret place' where few people have ever
    been ... and it was very exciting to her.   
 "Let's play a little game called
    find the 'rosebud', ok piggy girl?" Dr. Mary said to Suckle again in that
    sweet motherly voice.   
 Suckle was getting caught up in
    the 'little girl' routine that Dr. Mary was expertly implanting in her mind.   
 "Yes, yes, piggy girl wants to
    play," Suckle replied to Dr. Mary's suggestion. As soon as Dr. Mary heard
    Suckle refer to herself as 'piggy girl' she knew she was gaining control
    of her mind. She looked up at Miss Tamala who was looking over her shoulder
    and winked at her.   
 Miss Tamala was aroused now too.
    She knew that Suckle had probably never heard of the 'anus' referred to as
    a 'rosebud' before and it was exciting just to know where Dr. Mary was leading
    Suckle. In addition, she also heard Suckle refer to herself as 'piggy girl'
    and was familiar with Dr. Mary's methods of training. The thoughts of what
    was taking place behind and below her were causing the muscles of her pussy
    to expand and contract in a delicious way.   
 "Move your hands all around the
    two mountains toward the 'valley' piggy girl," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as
    she took each of Suckle's hands and helped her move them. "See how the how
    the color of your Mistress's ass changes from light brown to darker brown
    as your hands get closer to her ass 'valley,' she said to Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame, yes," Suckle answered,
    too excited to think about addressing Dr. Mary as she had been told.   
 "Did you find any rosebuds yet
    piggy girl?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle in a playful tone of voice.   
 "No Madame Dr. Mercy, I don't think
    so," replied Suckle seemingly a little disappointed. She wasn't sure what
    she was looking for but, for some reason Suckle, in her new way of reasoning,
    knew Dr. Mary would tell her when she found what she was looking for in this
    'little game.'   
 "Oh well, move your hands over
    closer to the valley ... that's right, just like that," Dr. Mary said, again
    directing the movement of Suckle's hands on Miss Tamala's ass cheeks. "Slide
    your thumbs down into the valley ... slowly ... slowly ... good, leave them
    just like that."   
 Dr. Mary took her hands away from
    guiding the movement of Suckle's hands. She put her hands on Suckle's hips,
    and rocked her back and forth a few times so Suckle would again feel the
    dildo in her ass press against the larger dildo buried deep in her pussy.
    She knew the sensations Suckle would feel and she was right. Suckle put her
    head back in an obvious display of the lust and pleasure bordering on abandonment.
    Then Dr. Mary moved her hand down between Suckle's legs. Using her fingers,
    she slowly rubbed Suckle's outstretched vagina lips that were encircling
    the rubber dildo stuffed there.   
 "Now you little bitch," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle in a more serious tone of voice, "pull the two 'mountains'
    apart using your thumbs."   
 Suckle put her head back down and
    looked at Miss Tamala's ass. Her eyes were glassy and she had a mischievous
    grin on her face, almost like she knew what she would find between the 'mountains'
    when she obeyed Dr. Mary's last order. Suckle did as she was told.   
 "Oh look piggy girl," Dr. Mary
    shifted back to her 'motherly' voice. "It's the rosebud," she said as though
    she was very surprised. "Do you see it piggy girl?"   
 "Yes, yes, Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied going along voluntarily with the game Dr. Mary had conceived. Suckle
    couldn't deny the excitement going through her mind and body just looking
    at this very private part of Miss Tamala's body at such a close distance.   
 "Why don't you smell the pretty
    rosebud piggy girl," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 Suckle hesitated. She had only
    been this close to this part of Miss Tamala's ass once before. On that occasion,
    and for some reason she still couldn't understand, she did put her mouth
    there voluntarily for just a second. At that time it was dark and she did
    everything mostly by 'feel.' Now it was right there in front of her eyes
    ... 'so close' ... 'so close' Suckle was thinking to herself.   
 Dr. Mary saw the hesitation on
    Suckle's part. She rubbed again on Suckle's pussy lips to keep her highly
    stimulated. With her free hand she pushed Suckle's head forward softly ...
    just to give her encouragement. That's all Suckle needed.   
 Suckle went the rest of the short
    distance herself. She put her pretty little white nose between the dark ass
    cheeks of her Mistress. The scent caught her sense of smell immediately.
    But it didn't repulse her in the least little bit. Rather her head was spinning
    with the thoughts of what this scent represented. Suckle knew it was a nasty
    thing to do ... but she wanted to do nasty things anymore. The change in
    her thought processes from the old 'Lynn Langley' to the present 'Suckle'
    was almost complete. "It makes me feel good to do nasty things ... Suckle
    is a whore ... Suckle is a sucker ... Suckle is an ass licker," her mind
    was telling her. The thoughts that both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary had embedded
    in her mind, plus Suckle's own submissive sexual orientation were taking
    over. Suckle stuck her tongue out and started to go toward Miss Tamala's
    asshole. As soon as Dr. Mary seen Suckle's tongue stick out she pulled her
    back by her hair.   
 "The game is over you dumb whore," Dr.
    Mary said reverting back to that stern authoritative tone of voice. "Look
    at me."   
 Suckle turned her head to look
    at Dr. Mary. The rapid change in the voice and attitude of Dr. Mary always
    totally confused Suckle. One second she sounded like a 'loving mother' or
    a 'caring teacher' and then, in the blink of an eye, she became a 'drill
    sergeant' or a 'tough task master.' Thus, Suckle's emotions went from being
    very 'at ease' enjoying the sexual feelings throughout her mind and body,
    to becoming a fearful 'obedient puppet' ready to do anything she was told
    to do.   
 On the other hand, Dr. Mary was
    the 'ultimate dominant expert.' She knew exactly what she was doing at all
    times. She decided now was the moment to degrade Suckle like she had never
    been degraded before ... and she loved every minute of it. Dr. Mary's pussy
    was totally soaked just thinking of what she was going to make Suckle do.
    These are the moments Dr. Mary lived for.   
 When Suckle looked into Dr. Mary's
    eyes she saw the fury in them. She knew she had better not disappoint this
    'side' of Dr. Mary's personality. Yet the sternness in this highly educated,
    beautiful, and strong African American woman brought a different kind of
    sexual gratification to Suckle. Her 'submissive nature' had been awakened
    and now Dr. Mary was enforcing the 'sexual orientation' that had always lived
    deep within Suckle's soul.   
 "Tell me what you see in front
    of you whore," Dr. Mary said loudly to Suckle.   
 "Suckle sees ... ah ... Suckle
    ... it's ...," Suckle was stammering again. She was afraid she might give
    the wrong answer.   
 Dr. Mary didn't wait for Suckle
    to think of an answer to her question. "That's your Mistress's beautiful
    ass, isn't it?" she said to Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," replied
    Suckle in a shaky tone of voice realizing by the continuing stern tone of
    Dr. Mary's voice whatever game they had been playing was indeed, over.   
 "Spread your Mistress's ass cheeks
    as far as you can," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "Now tell me what you see."   
 "Suckle sees ... Suckle sees Mistress
    Tamala's ...," Suckle was thinking as fast as she could. She knew from her
    training what Dr. Mary wanted to hear but it was still a little difficult
    for Suckle to get used to saying the exact descriptive word ... especially
    that 'word'. "Suckle sees Mistress Tamala's asshole," Suckle said feeling
    a shiver of excitement flash through her as she said 'asshole.'   
 "Good girl, good piggy girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as she gave Suckle a 'puppy pet' on the head.   
 Suckle eyes lit up at the 'good
    girl' approval and 'the petting' she got.   
 "What kind of a girl does Suckle
    suppose would want to suck on Mistress's asshole," Dr. Mary asked slowly
    changing her voice slowly back to that gentle inquiring tone.   
 "A ... a ... Suckle ... Suckle
    thinks a dumb girl?" Suckle answered in what sounded more like a question
    then a statement.   
 "How about a dumb piggy girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as though she was trying to help her with the answer
    to her previous question as she kept 'puppy petting' Suckle's head.   
 "Yes, yes, a dumb piggy girl, Madame," Suckle
    answered in a tone of voice that clearly illustrated the building excitement
    in Suckle's demeanor.   
 "I wonder if there are any dumb
    piggy girls around here," Dr. Mary said playing with Suckle's mind for all
    it was worth.   
 Suckle took the bait as she almost
    always did when Dr. Mary had her aroused to this point. "Suckle's a piggy
    girl ... Suckle's a dumb piggy girl," Suckle said in a voice imitating a
    young child.   
 "Oh yes, that's right. Suckle's
    a dumb whore. Suckle's also a piggy girl. Suckle likes to do dirty things
    with her mouth and tongue, doesn't she," Dr. Mary said using a 'fake surprised'
    tone of voice.   
 Again Suckle jumped into the flow
    of suggestions and ideas Dr. Mary was planting in her mind. "Yes, yes, Suckle
    is a dirty piggy ... Suckle likes to suck ... Suckle likes to use her mouth
    and her tongue ... yes, yes ... please, Suckle wants to suck Mistress Tamala's
    asshole ... please, please ..." Suckle couldn't contain herself. The more
    she degraded herself to please Dr. Mary the more excited and if possible,
    the more aroused she become.   
 Dr. Mary pulled on Suckle's nipples
    again. This time she would pull the stiffened nipples out as far as she could
    and then would let them go to spring back by themselves.   
 "Don't you dare cum bitch until
    I give you permission, do you hear me?" Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle.   
 "Yes, yes ... only with permission
    ... only with permission ... yes," Suckle answered in a rambling voice.   
 "Good girl, good girl," Dr. Mary
    told Suckle going back to petting her head. "Do you know what kind of sound
    pigs make?" she asked Suckle.   
 "Yes, Suckle knows ... Suckle knows," Suckle
    replied.   
 "Good girl, show Mistress Tamala
    what kind of sound pigs make," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 Suckle looked up at Miss Tamala
    who was looking down at Suckle over her shoulder. "Oink, oink, oink, oink," Suckle
    started imitating the sounds she thought this animal would make. Suckle had
    a very mischievous expression on her face as she looked up at her Mistress.
    It was as though Suckle's very life depended on how well she could demean
    herself for the pleasure of her Mistress.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing
    at Suckle. "You even look like a stupid pig," she said to Suckle.   
 "Ok piggy, I'm going to show you
    how to suck your Mistress's ass. Put you face down at the bottom of the crack," Dr.
    Mary told Suckle.   
 Suckle didn't hesitate. It seemed
    to Suckle as though she had been waiting to do this all her life. She had
    a big smile on her face as though she was a child who just got permission
    to get cookies out of the cookie jar.   
 "Now stick your tongue out and
    start sucking at the very bottom of the crack and go all the way to the top," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle as though she was instructing a student in class.   
 Of course Suckle did exactly as
    she was told.   
 "Now go back down to the bottom
    ... back up to the top ... back to the bottom ... good girl, good piggy ...
    slow down, slow down, don't go so fast ... now stop and kiss Mistress's asshole
    lips," Dr. Mary kept supervising a very cooperative and anxious Suckle.   
 "Good ... you are a good piggy," said
    Dr. Mary. "Now stick your tongue right in between the little pretty asshole
    lips and suck, keep sucking moving your tongue in as deep as you can and
    make a lot of circles with your tongue when you get it inside. Don't stop
    until I give you permission to stop," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she got
    up and walked in front of Miss Tamala.   
 When Dr. Mary got in front of Miss
    Tamala they hugged each other in a tight embrace. They kissed ... a long
    passionate kiss. Dr. Mary looked in the excited eyes of her lover. "How does
    it feel, beautiful girl," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "Oh damn ... damn ... the bitch
    has her tongue in deep ... damn, I never felt anything like it ... shit,
    you have to try it," Miss Tamala replied very excited.   
 "Oh don't worry honey girl, I will.
    You can count on that," said Dr. Mary thrilled at seeing the excitement of
    Miss Tamala. "Listen my beauty," she continued talking to Miss Tamala, "do
    you mind very much if I fuck the bitch's face. I'm soaking wet and I need
    it very bad."   
 "No, no, not at all darling. Go
    ahead ... be my guest. The bitch took me 'over the top' in the shower. Hell,
    it's your turn. Besides, you did all the work getting the little fucker to
    this point." Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary.   
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   
 Dr. Mary let Suckle suck Miss Tamala's
    ass for another ten minutes while Miss Tamala brought herself to an orgasm
    using one of her favorite dildos. Dr. Mary made sure Suckle didn't reach
    her climax. Suckle was still in a high state of arousal as Dr. Mary made
    her get up from the bar stool, dislodging the dildos from her pussy and asshole.
    Miss Tamala went upstairs to make sure Piglet had prepared dinner satisfactorily
    and that their dinner table was properly set.   
 Dr. Mary was leading Suckle back
    into her laboratory holding her hand.   
 "Come with me bitch, you need your
    face cleaned. Look how filthy your face is from sucking Miss Tamala's ass," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    replied.   
 Dr. Mary pulled the 'special' chair
    out again and reclined the back down until it was flat.   
 "Take my robe off you ass licking
    bastard," Dr. Mary said to Suckle in her stern sounding voice again.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," answered
    Suckle again the stinging degrading words of Dr. Mary flooding her ear drums
    and making her feel very intimidated and inferior to this beautiful black
    woman.   
 As Suckle took Dr. Mary's robe
    off, she realized this was the first time she had seen Dr. Mary completely
    naked. Her breasts were larger than Miss Tamala's and her hips were much
    wider. Her thighs were also much more muscular. She also had a thick mat
    of jet black pubic hair that spiraled in pretty short ringlets. But it was
    her ass that caught Suckle's attention. It was much bigger and stuck out
    very prominently from her hips. Suckle ran her tongue over her lips as soon
    as she saw Dr. Mary's ass.   
 "God," Suckle thought to herself, "I
    am really becoming a pig. I can't help it. I want to suck her ass ... I want
    to put my tongue in there."   
 Dr. Mary didn't give Suckle too
    much time to think. She was very hot. She needed an orgasm for the last hour
    and now that the time had come she was going to make it a good one.   
 "Lay down flat on your back on
    our 'special' chair," Dr. Mary told Suckle. "Put the dildo on the end of
    the chair in yourself and don't you dare cum until you feel me cumming. Do
    you understand that?"   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mary," Suckle replied.
    Suckle sat down slowly on the end of the chair, inserting the large black
    dildo in herself as she lowered herself. Then she lay flat on her back.   
 Dr. Mary straddled Suckle head.
    She reached down and grabbed both of Suckle's ears until she had a solid
    grip on them.   
 "Now bitch, I am going to fuck
    your face. I want you to try to get as much of your face inside my pussy
    as you can. I definitely want to feel your tongue and nose in there. I'm
    going to fuck your face so hard I am going to make the bells on the back
    of your head ring", Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary continued, "what
    the hell did you think I put the bells on the back of your head for ... ha,
    ha, ha," Dr. Mary continued laughing at Suckle.   
 Dr. Mary's hips lowered over Suckle's
    face slowly. Suckle's face was buried in her coarse pubic hair ... then the
    scent flooded her nostrils ... the scent Suckle loved so much ... the musky
    scent the equate to sex to Suckle ... then she felt the soaking wetness as
    Dr. Mary's pussy lips separate and enveloped her nose and tongue. She felt
    the soft slippey tissue of the inside of Dr. Mary's vagina on her tongue.
    Suckle was in heaven ... she loved to suck. She was becoming worthy of the
    name Miss Tamala had bestowed on her.   
 Dr. Mary moved her hips back and
    forth on Suckle's face. She could feel Suckle nose, her tongue flicking in
    and out and felt her wetness seeping down on Suckle face cheeks. But it wasn't
    enough. She wanted more. She wanted to hear the bells on the back of Suckle's
    head ring. She pulled as hard as she could on Suckle's ears to bring her
    head up deeper into her pussy ... so hard that she figured she had two thirds
    of Suckle's face inside of her pussy. Then she pumped, back and forth, harder
    and harder, faster and faster ... until she made the bells on the back of
    Suckle's head ring ... and ring ... and ring.   
 "Hear the bells ringing you bastard," she
    yelled at Suckle. "Hear them ring ... ha, ha, ha ... the bells are ringing
    bitch ... the bells are ringing ... aahhhhh, aaaahhhhhhh, ... move your tongue
    up ... move it up more ... find my clit ... that's it, that's it ... take
    it between your lips and suck on it ... good, good ... oh, shit, I'm cumming
    ... I'm cumming, you fucking bitch ... keep sucking ... keep sucking ...
    aaaahhhhhhh."   
Chapter XIII---Suckle Begins to
    Accept Her New Life   
 Suckle was completely exhausted.
    She had never participated in such intense sexual activities in her life.
    She had reached three exhilarating orgasms in the last 12 hours, something
    she never thought possible in her former life. Her ears were still sore from
    the very hard 'pulling' Dr. Mary had applied to them while tugging on her
    head in an 'up and down' motion while pumping her face back and forth as
    though she was having intercourse. As Suckle lay here in a darkened room
    that measured only eight feet in length and five feet in width, her exhausted
    mind was recollecting the last few days.   
 She had been placed in this room
    after Dr. Mary completed 'using' her for her satisfaction earlier. Suckle
    had 'timed' her own orgasm to coincide with Dr. Mary's, exactly as she was
    taught by Miss Tamala earlier. Suckle was becoming good at it. Immediately
    after Dr. Mary's sexual passion had subsided, she removed the bells from
    Suckle's head and made Suckle reenter the 'special' shower, completely washed
    and scrubbed her down from head to toe with the brush and the soapy disinfectant
    mixture, turned on the high pressure jets to rinse her off with very hot
    water and then instructed Suckle to exit the shower and to dry herself.   
 Dr. Mary then put a hand cuff made
    of leather on each of Suckle's wrists, made her put her arms behind her back
    and connected each of the cuffs by small steel interlocking links that hung
    from each cuff. She also put a leather collar around Suckle's neck that had
    a small chain attached to a steel link in the back of the collar. Dr. Mary
    connected the chain leading from the collar to the leather handcuffs. Suckle
    now had her hands cuffed behind her back held in place by a chain leading
    to her leather collar. If Suckle tried to move her hands more than 2 inches
    the chain attached to her collar would tend to choke her.   
 When Dr. Mary led Suckle to this
    room and put her inside initially, the lights were still on. Suckle noticed
    how small the room was and the fact that there was only a very thin mattress
    on the floor in the upper corner of the room. The mattress was so thin it
    almost looked like a heavy large towel. It definitely couldn't support much
    weight or give any type of comfort. There was a very large TV screen on one
    side of the room that was built into the wall. It had a forty two inch screen.
    All controls for the TV and lights were located outside of the room. The
    door to the room was also locked from the outside. One wall in the room was
    mirrored from ceiling to floor.   
 Dr. Mary led Suckle straight to
    the mattress.   
 "You have permission to either
    lie down or sit up on the mattress. I do not want you to go to sleep in any
    case. I want to watch the television screen and see if you can learn to appreciate
    just how wonderful and patient your Mistress and I have been with you. I
    may give you a quiz later on so you better pay attention," Dr. Mary told
    Suckle.   
 "Yes Madame Dr. Mercy," Suckle
    answered.   
 "From now on you may address me
    as 'Madame.' I think you know my stature and position in this house by now
    so 'Madame' will be enough to demonstrate your respect for me from now on.
    Do you understand," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 "Oh yes, Madame," Suckle answered. "I
    do respect you very much," Suckle added on her own in a very sincere voice.   
 "I'm going upstairs for dinner.
    Demonstrate your respect for my ass before I go," Dr. Mary told Suckle while
    turning around, picking up her robe and backing up until her large firm ass
    was only a few inches from Suckle's face.   
 Even though Suckle was completely
    exhausted, even though her pussy was still a little sore from the thrusting
    in and out of the dildo, and even though just a few minutes ago she felt
    so totally spent she swore she wouldn't be able to even think of sex for
    days, as soon as Dr. Mary's ass got close to her face, she felt that little
    familiar tingling in her vagina.   
 Suckle even compared Dr. Mary's
    ass to Miss Tamala's ass. Dr. Mary's ass was firm but was bigger and she
    had a darker tone to her skin. As Suckle let her eyes wander over to the
    'valley' as Dr. Mary described the crack of Miss Tamala's ass earlier, she
    took notice of the change in skin color ... to a much darker shade of rich
    brown as the 'ass cheeks' sloped into the 'valley.'   
 "The valley," Suckle thought to
    herself. "It's so nice in the valley ... so warm ... so intimate ... I want
    to ... I want ...," Suckle's mind kept working. Suckle felt her chest fill
    up with emotion. It made her feel good ... a kind of 'good' she could never
    explain to anyone else. "Dr. Mary is so good to me ... so good to let me
    ... me, a dirty pig ... to let me be so close to her beautiful ass ... to
    the valley ... to her asshole ...." The more Suckle thought of herself as
    an 'undeserving slut' and Dr. Mary as her wonderful superior who was granting
    her the 'special' privilege of being so close to this very private part of
    her body, the more she could feel the emotion she felt in her chest move
    down to the area of her sexual organs.   
 Suckle leaned her head over until
    her lips touched Dr. Mary's ass cheek. Then she pressed her lips hard against
    the firm rich brown skin ... pressed hard until her lips were completely
    flattened against the firm ass cheek as though she was trying to get as much
    of her lips to touch this part of Dr. Mary's body that made her feel so good.
    By pushing her lips so hard against Dr. Mary's ass cheek Suckle's mouth came
    open and she stayed there for a moment savoring the taste, then moved over
    to the other cheek.   
 Dr. Mary felt Suckle's obedient
    lips touch her ass. She knew from the passionate way Suckle was kissing her
    ass cheeks with her open mouth, lips pressed hard; it was coming from deep
    within Suckle's soul ... her submissive soul. As Dr. Mary was thinking of
    some of the things she had in store for Suckle she felt the heat in her own
    vagina start. "This little bitch has no idea of what I am capable of," Dr.
    Mary thought to herself.   
 "You may spread my ass cheeks and
    kiss my asshole lips ... just kiss, no tongue you hungry bastard. Do you
    understand?" Dr. Mary told Suckle. Dr. Mary wanted to see just how Suckle
    was going to manage this task because she didn't have use of her hands.   
 "Oh yes, Madame, yes. Suckle the
    whore understands," Suckle answered as though she was just given a piece
    of candy. Suckle's hands were cuffed behind her back so she used her nose
    to try to spread Dr. Mary's ass cheeks gently. Dr. Mary's ass was much firmer
    than Miss Tamala's and it took a little more effort to spread her cheeks.
    Again the scent hit Suckle's nostrils as she entered the 'crack' and felt
    the warmness of both of Dr. Mary's ass cheeks on her face. The scent that
    Dr. Mary's ass gave off was much stronger than Miss Tamala's, yet, it didn't
    deter or repulse Suckle. Rather Suckle loved the excitement of pushing her
    face and nose here. She would rather have use of her hands so she could see
    better but she was determined to kiss Dr. Mary's asshole lips in any case
    ... and she did!   
 Dr. Mary pulled away almost immediately
    upon feeling Suckle's lips. She didn't want to get all worked up again and
    she knew very well she would if she let this go on for too long. "You'll
    get an opportunity soon to put your tongue inside of my asshole lips. I told
    you, I just love ass lickers. But for now, I'm hungry and am going to dinner.
    Remember to watch the television and see how much you can absorb in that
    simple mind of yours whore," Dr. Mary said as she closed the door, locked
    it and shut the lights off. From the outside of the room she put a video
    tape in the television video recorder and turned it on.   
 Suckle never thought she would
    come to this point but she was honestly disappointed when Dr. Mary had taken
    her ass away from her. She didn't get too much time to fret before the picture
    on the television screen came on. On the screen was a very pretty heavyset
    blonde aristocratic appearing woman. Suckle figured her height at well over
    six feet and her age at somewhere in her early fifties. If, upon seeing this
    woman for the first time, you had to immediately use one word to describe
    what your first impression of her was, undoubtedly you would say 'royalty.'
    She remained Suckle of one of her elder female college professors who had
    her formal education in Europe and taught physical education. She was also
    coach of the girl's wrestling team. But that is where the similarity stopped.   
 The aristocratic blonde mature
    woman was dressed in a leather halter type of bra that made her breasts jut
    out. The straps of the leather bra fit tightly under her breasts. There weren't
    any bra cups so the leather straps under the bra left the blonde woman's
    breasts completely bare and emphasized their size. She had a leather garter
    belt on that was holding up dark mesh nylon stockings that seemed to strain
    to contain her heavy muscular legs. She wasn't wearing any other type of
    under garment. The blondish fluffy pubic hair on her 'mons pubis' was light
    enough in color so her vagina was clearly visible. On her feet were high
    heeled leather boots that came up to her knees. Suckle thought that the blonde
    woman either was very heavy or the skimpy clothing she was wearing was a
    few sizes too small. After viewing the blonde woman from a few different
    angles on the television screen, Suckle determined that she was just a heavy
    weight. She appeared to be very strong and not someone to trifle with. The
    woman on the screen introduced herself as Mistress Katrina in a voice that
    had a distinct foreign accent, and said she would be taking the viewers on
    a tour of her home.   
 During the tour Suckle saw things
    she never thought possible. She watched wide eyed as both women and men were
    whipped, chained and disciplined in numerous ways. In one scene she saw two
    men summoned by Mistress Katrina. They walked up to her and stood by her
    side. Both of the men had their hands cuffed behind their backs. The penis
    of each of the men stood out, rock hard as though standing at attention.
    Mistress Katrina said she would demonstrate just how hard she kept her 'man'
    slaves. On her command, both men bent down until Mistress Katrina was able
    to step up, with each foot on their individual penises. Mistress Katrina
    snapped her fingers and both men stood straight up bringing Mistress Katrina
    with them. Mistress Katrina then balanced herself by standing with each of
    her boot clad feet on each man's penis. To demonstrate further that the only
    thing holding her up was the penis of each man, she folded her arms in front
    of her to show she was not supporting herself in any way other than by her
    feet.   
 In another scene she introduced
    one of her female slaves. She said she named this young short haired, fragile
    looking girl 'Urine.' She then proceeded to exhibit why she named her 'Urine.'
    When she snapped her fingers the young looking girl sat down between the
    legs of Mistress Katrina and put her head back. When Mistress Katrina was
    satisfied she was in the correct position she straddled her head and let
    go of her urine. The urine went directly into the mouth of the girl. Suckle
    could clearly see the movement of the young girl's throat as she swallowed.
    What surprised Suckle even more was the girl under Miss Katrina didn't miss
    a drop.   
 The scene on the television screen
    changed again. In this scene, Mistress Katrina was naked except for the extremely
    high heel shoes she wore and an almost identical leather bra that she had
    worn in an earlier scene that fit almost like a 'harness' and held her large
    bare breasts straight out in front of her. Suckle stared at Mistress Katrina
    and determined that although she was a very heavy woman, there wasn't much
    fat on her body at all. Mistress Katrina was just a very large and seemingly
    strong woman.   
 Mistress Katrina snapped her fingers
    once more and two women appeared, each wearing thick belts around their waists.
    Other than the belts, they were completely naked. Suckle was momentarily
    taken aback by what she saw. As the two women walked up to stand next to
    Mistress Katrina, Suckle couldn't help but notice the 'oddities' of their
    bodies. Mistress Katrina smiled as the women stood next to her as though
    she knew in advance that anyone who viewed the video she was making would
    be surprised by their appearance. She introduced each of the women by names
    she had given them. The one woman on her left she introduced as 'Cat' and
    the other woman on her right she introduced as 'Dog.' She explained to her
    viewers that she took 'possession' of both women went they were eighteen
    years of age and has 'owned' them for the last fifteen years.   
 Mistress Katrina walked over to
    a small table and picked up a riding crop. She came back and immediately
    swung the riding crop at 'Cat's' ass. It was evidently a very hard blow which
    the viewers would undoubtedly be able to determine by the sound of the riding
    crop cutting through the air and the loud 'smacking' sound it made as it
    struck the flesh of 'Cat's' ass. A small sound of obvious pain came from
    Cat's mouth and she immediately took two steps forward. As Cat stepped forward,
    Mistress Katrina went to the table and came back holding a large photograph.
    As she held it up, the camera moved in to fill the television screen with
    the photograph. Miss Katrina explained to the viewer that this was a full
    photograph of Cat when she first took 'possession' of her at age eighteen.
    The photograph illustrated a picture of a very young pretty girl with a very
    slender figure.   
 Suckle stared at the television
    as she looked at his young girl in the photograph. As the camera moved back
    to show Cat as she appears today, Suckle stared again at the difference in
    the 'young' Cat, and the 'present' Cat. There wasn't any doubt that they
    were the same person. The facial features were almost identical but that
    was about the only way someone would be able to tell they were the same person.   
 Miss Katrina picked up the riding
    crop again and walked over in front of Cat. The camera moved in on Cat's
    breasts. Suckle stared again at the incredible difference. Miss Katrina put
    her riding crop under Cat's left breast which hung down from her chest to
    the bottom of her rib cage. Cat's breasts had been reshaped and now took
    a long narrow form instead of the normal circular globe shape form. She lifted
    Cat's breast up with the riding crop while she explained to her audience,
    in a voice that seemed to be filled with pride, that she had stretched both
    of Cat's breasts to a length of six inches. Cat's nipples, she explained,
    were elongated to four inches. Miss Katrina pulled the riding crop out from
    under Cat's breast and it fell down with a 'slapping' sound back against
    her body.   
 Mistress Katrina explained that
    she had compressed Cat's tits to a mere diameter of 4 inches. It appeared
    to Suckle that someone probably had squeezed Cat's breasts in some kind of
    a 'vise' to get them so narrow and long. The camera moved to show a large
    picture of Miss Katrina's face as she began to laugh. "Ha, ha, ha," Miss
    Katrina laughed, "try to buy a bra for those fucking tits," she said to the
    audience. As the camera moved back out, Miss Katrina raised her riding crop
    and stuck Cat very hard on her shoulder. Again the 'smacking' sound of the
    crop striking flesh filled the sound coming from the television. Immediately
    Cat turned around with her backside facing the camera.   
 It seemed to Suckle that Cat had
    been taught to 'obey' the riding crop. Miss Katrina never spoke a word to
    her. She just hit Cat with the riding crop on different parts of her body
    and seemingly Cat would move in reaction to the strike of the crop. Suckle
    again stared at the size of Cat's ass. It was the largest and widest ass
    Suckle had ever seen. Mistress Katrina held up another photograph illustrating
    Cat's ass when she was eighteen years old. At that time, she had a 'normal'
    sized ass, maybe even a little on the slender side.   
 Mistress Katrina walked over to
    the table and got a tape measure. When she came back to stand by Cat, the
    camera again moved in to show a full picture of Cat's ass. Mistress Katrina
    held the tape measure against Cat's ass. It measured almost thirty inches
    across and was completely out of proportion to the rest of Cat's body. Miss
    Katrina took the tape measure and measured Cat's waist. It was only twenty-two
    inches and Miss Katrina smiled for the camera as though she was really proud
    of the 'modifications' she made in Cat's body.   
 Miss Katrina raised her riding
    crop over her head and struck Cat's other shoulder. Immediately, with a little
    'grunt of pain,' Cat turned so the audience could get a 'side view' of her
    body. Suckle stared at the sight on the television screen. She saw Cat's
    elongated breasts and nipples hanging like 'udders' on some type of animal.
    Coupled with that very large and fat ass, Suckle for a moment thought Cat
    looked like a 'freak.'   
 Miss Katrina walked to the side
    of Cat, facing the camera as the camera moved in for a closer view. Miss
    Katrina began to speak to the audience.   
 "As you probably surmised by now,
    Cat is only one of my many pets," Mistress Katrina began speaking in that
    foreign dialect. Even the sound of Mistress Katrina speaking in a slow foreign
    sounding voice make her appear to be a 'woman of very high intelligence'
    and added to the sexually of her dominant orientation. "Cat is very obedient
    and takes great joy in bringing excitement and pleasure to me, the owner
    of her body and soul," Mistress Katrina continued. "If you are a Mistress
    viewing this tape, I highly recommend you consider fattening and widening
    the ass of your slaves or pets. The sound of your crop, whip, or cane striking
    a fat ass will give you a feeling of satisfaction that is hard to duplicate.
    I can usually get through about ten strikes without having an orgasm. After
    that, darlings," Mistress Katrina continued in the sexy sounding voice, "I
    lose control and it just pours out of me. I suggest you turn the sound up
    on your television and I will demonstrate."   
 Miss Katrina stepped back one step.
    She raised her riding crop over her head and bought it down in a slightly
    circular motion. If you watched closely you could see the flexible tip of
    the riding crop bend on the downward motion from the sheer velocity that
    it was traveling. When the crop stuck Cat's ass it filled the sound of the
    television with the unmistakable sound of something very rigid striking flesh.
    The crop sunk deep into the fat of Cat's ass making that particular ass cheek
    bounce and quiver. Miss Katrina repeated the ferocious whipping again ...
    and again ... and again ... and again, as though the raising of the whip
    over her head, the circular motion, and the striking of flesh was all one
    motion. She divided the blows equally on Cat's ass cheeks.   
 By the fourth or fifth blow, Cat
    hung her head down, her whimpers becoming louder and louder with each new
    blow. Yet she stood there and took it. She even raised her ass up after each
    strike as though she had been trained well in this process. The expression
    on Mistress Katrina's face was one of someone who was in a sexual frenzy.
    There could be no doubt that Miss Katrina was thoroughly enjoying delving
    out this type of discipline.   
 Until a few days ago, Suckle had
    lived a very sheltered life. She never even saw a pornographic film. Yet
    here she was, sitting naked in this darkened room, hands cuffed behind her
    back and those same hands chained to her neck. Yet watching this very stern
    and dominant looking woman exert such control over her 'subjects' or 'property'
    made Suckle feel slightly aroused. The television played for another hour
    with Mistress Katrina using the same process of introducing and exhibiting
    the other woman she had named 'Dog." Then she demonstrated a few other 'techniques'
    that she was an 'expert' at. When the tape finished and the television finally
    went black, the room was completely dark. Even though Suckle was still a
    little bewildered by what she had just witnessed, she found herself wishing
    she could meet this large heavyset woman, Mistress Katrina, and this scared
    her ... Suckle was moving deeper and deeper into the lifestyle that Miss
    Tamala and Dr. Mary had planned for her. And what scared Suckle was ... she
    found herself wanting more and more.   
 ***************************   
 Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had a
    very relaxing dinner. Piglet served dinner in the usual way, standing in
    her usual place waiting to fulfill any order from either of her Mistresses.
    Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala got in a discussion about Suckle while enjoying
    their meal.   
 "That fucking bitch Suckle is the
    hottest bastard I could ever imagine," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. "She
    even surprises me and you know I've been around the block a few times so
    to speak."   
 "Well, do you think we are going
    too fast with her darling?" Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Hell no, honey girl," replied
    Dr. Mary. "I'm having a lot of fun with this bitch. Her mind is so easy to
    work on. It's almost like bending a pretzel. Did you hear her acting like
    a pig when I embedded that thought in her mind?"   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed. "Yeah,
    I thought I was going to have an orgasm right on the spot when I heard her
    oinking."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary joined Miss
    Tamala in laughter. "All you have to do is touch her tits and her mind goes
    to mush. Stimulate the fucking whore and she'll do anything you tell her
    to do. Of course, a little 'mind control' doesn't hurt," Dr. Mary said to
    Miss Tamala.   
 "Yes, I can see that. Anyway, you're
    an expert working with Suckle's mind," Miss Tamala replied.   
 "Well you did ok too. Look how
    far you took her when you were alone with her in your office honey girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 "But I had a great teacher darling," Miss
    Tamala replied. "The fucking bitch didn't even hesitate when I put her head
    between my legs the first time. But she still has a lot to learn about sucking
    pussy. I like it slow and easy. But Suckle gets so excited she sucks too
    fast ... like she wants more and more."   
 "Yes, you're right. I noticed that.
    That's what I am trying to explain to you honey," Dr. Mary explained in her
    professional sounding voice. 'Suckle's mind is like a fertile field that
    was just waiting to be planted. She never had much sexual experience, which
    is very obvious. The sexual gratification she feels, and what we allow her
    to have by doing what we make her do is all new to her. The stupid bitch
    thinks its normal what the hell ever normal is. But it is also very important
    that she learns that we are very superior to her, that she is stupid and
    could not ever get along without us. I promised you before I am through with
    her she will be a like a sexual deviant worshipping the ground you and I
    walk on," Dr. Mary continued. "I know she sucks too fast right now. The few
    times I had her sucking me, I ended up fucking her face."   
 "Well it is hard to control yourself
    when you see that pretty white face between your legs," Miss Tamala replied. "But
    you still have to try the bitch with that tongue stud. I love it. It really
    felt wonderful feeling that cock stud on my clit."   
 "I was going to put it back on
    her before I fucked her face the last time but her tongue is still a little
    red. I will have to put some medication on her tongue before we bed her down
    for the night," Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed. "Right,
    we don't want anything to happen to that tongue. Now that you mentioned bedding
    the bitch down, I still have to feed her. She hasn't had any food since early
    this morning. Plus, I still have to take care of that stupid fianc&eacute; of
    hers."   
 "Well, as soon as we finish dinner
    we better do it," Dr. Mary replied.   
 As soon as dinner was finished
    Miss Tamala made Piglet get today's garbage. She scraped the leftovers from
    Dr. Mary's plate and her own plate, mixed it with the garbage and fed Piglet.
    Then Miss Tamala gave Piglet specific instructions as she and Dr. Mary left
    to go down to the basement where Suckle was locked up in the room in the
    back end of the basement.   
 Suckle had been in the darkened
    room, without the TV on for about an hour. Suddenly the lights came on in
    the room. When the door opened Suckle saw both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary.
    Miss Tamala had combed her hair perfectly. The jet blackness of Miss Tamala's
    hair shined in the light from the room as though she had a million twinkling
    stars in her hair. She had changed her orange negligee robe to a white terry
    cloth robe that had a center tie and came down to her ankles. On her feet
    she wore open toe heeled slippers that had a little puff of white fur on
    top of the strap crossing her instep. The top part of the robe showed an
    extreme amount of cleavage as her firm brown breasts strained against the
    white material of the robe. She had changed her lipstick to a very rich red
    color. Her high cheek bones were lightly brushed with red blush rouge.   
 Suckle stared at this beautiful
    strong woman ... 'her Mistress' ... her mind was telling her as she felt
    a sincere humbleness at being chosen to be owned by Miss Tamala. Miss Tamala's
    bronze brown skin was highlighted even more by the whiteness of the robe.
    Suckle saw the perfectly polished brown toes at the open end of Miss Tamala's
    slippers and remembered having them in her mouth ... another thought that
    made her feel 'good' in her loins.   
 Dr. Mary had pulled her hair back
    into a bun and had changed into a multi-colored housecoat that had symbols
    of Africa printed on it ... another item she bought while on one of her visits
    to Africa. The way Dr. Mary's hair was fixed plus the thin rimmed eye glasses
    gave her a very stern appearance. Suckle was always scared when Dr. Mary
    was close by. She remembered the lashes she had gotten on her back from Dr.
    Mary. They had made a lasting impression on her and yet ... yet she still
    had an 'urge' ... an 'urge' she couldn't understand but felt ... to put her
    nose and mouth back in that beautiful large and firm black ass of Dr. Mary
    that Suckle saw jutting out from the multi-colored housecoat.   
 Piglet was walking in back of Miss
    Tamala and Dr. Mary carrying two chairs.   
 "Put the two chairs in here Piglet
    and then go get the food I put out for Suckle," Miss Tamala told Piglet. "Also
    bring the bag and the dish you ate your garbage out of."   
 "Yes Mistress," answered Piglet
    as she put the chairs down and left the room. Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary
    sat down in the chairs facing Suckle who was still on the mattress.   
 Dr. Mary spoke first. "Come over
    here sucker," she said to Suckle in that no nonsense tone of voice.   
 "Yes Madame," answered Suckle as
    she moved over in front of the two chairs.   
 "Tell me and Miss Tamala what you
    learned by watching the video tape of Mistress Katrina," Dr. Mary said to
    Suckle.   
 "Ah, ah ... Suckle ... ah, Mistress
    Katrina ... Mistress Katrina is very ... ah," Suckle wasn't sure how to answer
    this question. When Suckle heard the mere mention of the name of 'Mistress
    Katrina' come from Dr. Mary's lips she felt her heart beat a little faster
    and her pulse quicken. The image of this large heavyset disciplinarian formed
    a picture in her mind that instantaneously caused a quiver of excitement
    to flicker throughout her body.   
 Dr. Mary knew Suckle had never
    been exposed to the type of activity she saw on the TV screen. But she wanted
    to test Suckle impression of other Mistresses. She knew Suckle was struggling
    to put into words what she had just viewed.   
 "Isn't Mistress Katrina a wonderfully
    big Mistress?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle.   
 "Yes, yes, Madame," Suckle replied.   
 "Did you see how big and strong
    Mistress Katrina's legs and thighs were?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle, cleverly
    implanting the thought in Suckle's mind that 'big strong legs and thighs'
    were something that Suckle's should desire.   
 "Yes, Madame, Suckle seen Mistress
    Katrina's big strong legs and thighs," Suckle answered in a voice that expressed
    a little more excitement.   
 Dr. Mary reached down and took
    each of Suckle's nipples between her forefinger and thumb. She pulled them
    straight out, slowing stretching them to almost their full capacity. "Who
    else has big strong legs and thighs?" Dr. Mary asked Suckle faking a genuinely
    inquisitive sounding voice.   
 "Aaahhh, ooohhhh, aahhh," ... Suckle
    was gasping in response to the manipulation of her nipples ...the mixture
    of pain and pleasure. "Dr. Mary ... Dr. Mary has big strong legs ... and
    thighs ... yes ... and Mistress Tamala ... too ... Suckle ... Mistress Tamala
    has big strong legs too," Suckle kept saying in between gasps, getting more
    and more excited at the picture in her mind of her trainers' legs and thighs
    that her words were describing.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing. "You're
    turning the fucker's mind to mush darling," Miss Tamala told Dr. Mary referring
    back to their discussion at dinner.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary returned
    the laughter at their 'private joke.'   
 "Mistress Katrina is a very dear
    friend of mine," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she released Suckle's nipples
    all at once by just suddenly opening her thumbs and forefingers. Suckle's
    breasts snapped back on their own but it was very obvious by the redness
    of Suckle's nipples that Dr. Mary had squeezed them very tightly while pulling
    them out so far. "She may be coming to visit us soon. If you are a good slut
    we may let you meet her in person," Dr. Mary continued while watching Suckle's
    eyes widen with what appeared to be fear.   
 Suckle didn't know what to say
    ... "Mistress Katrina here?" she was thinking to herself ... really ... the
    same Mistress Katrina she had just seen on the television?" Suckle's mind
    was in a tail spin. She felt a bolt of excitement go through her body as
    she was thinking of Mistress Katrina ... but the feeling going through her
    was also mixed with fear as she remembered the vicious whipping Mistress
    Katrina had applied to Cat's ass.   
 Suckle's thoughts were interrupted
    by Piglet's sudden appearance back in the doorway to this room.   
 "Mistress Tamala," Suckle said. "I
    have Suckle's food Ma'am."   
 "Good, give it to me and go sit
    in the corner facing the wall. Put your hands behind your head and get your
    stupid face as close to the wall as you can," Miss Tamala ordered Piglet.   
 Suckle watched Piglet. Piglet had
    what appeared to be an extra large t-shirt of some kind on that ended just
    above her pubic hair. It was made of cotton, was short sleeved and was white
    in color. Across the front of the t-shirt printed in capital letters were
    the letters CUNT. Just seeing the obscene and disparaging word on the t-shirt
    Piglet was wearing as a sort of advertisement or description of herself excited
    Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala, under that watchful
    eye of Dr. Mary, put the dish on the floor. She slipped her feet out of the
    slippers she was wearing and moved the dish over until it was between her
    feet. She also put the 'bag' next to the dish.   
 "Move over in front of me," Miss
    Tamala told Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," answered
    Suckle as she shuffled over to kneel in front of her Mistress.   
 "It is time for your evening feeding," Miss
    Tamala told Suckle. "You will be allowed to feed twice a day unless I determine
    otherwise. Usually it will be early in the morning and late in the evening.
    The rest of the time in between meals you will get any nourishment I decide
    you should have from my body or Dr. Mary's body. Do you understand?" Miss
    Tamala told Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    understands Ma'am," Suckle replied adding the 'Ma'am' in an attempt to demonstrate
    to Miss Tamala that she was a 'good girl.' Suckle was finding herself yearning
    to be 'petted' on the head more and more by either or both of these beautiful
    statuesque African American women. Looking up at Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary,
    Suckle felt so insignificant, even finding herself comparing her white pale
    skin to the richness of their brown skin.   
 "Now I want you to read the description
    of the food I am giving your for your evening meal," Miss Tamala instructed
    Suckle. "And read it out loud so the good doctor can hear what you are 'enjoying'
    tonight. After all, Dr. Mary likes to know our stupid whore is being well
    cared for."   
 Dr. Mary was sitting almost right
    next to Miss Tamala. She already knew what was in the 'bag' and she loved
    the game she was playing with Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    answered as she began to read from the bag.   
"It's says 'Super Nuggets' ... dog
    food for medium sized dogs, can be fed to puppies after weaning also ...
    nuggets are basted in real meat juices ... can be mixed with warm water ..." Suckle
    was continuing to read out loud when Miss Tamala stopped her.   
 Both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary were
    getting aroused watching the kneeling Suckle, her hands tied behind her back,
    her hair straddling and unkempt after being scrubbed with a heavy bristled
    brush with just soap and disinfectant. They both had smiles on their faces
    as they heard Suckle describing her evening feeding.   
 Dr. Mary leaned over and kissed
    Miss Tamala on the lips. "That was beautiful thinking honey girl," she said
    to Miss Tamala. "I'm enjoying listening to the little white bitch. It's getting
    me hot again."   
 "Look at the dish that I am going
    to put your food in slut," Miss Tamala told Suckle. Suckle leaned over and
    saw some old dried up drippings in the dish that didn't give off a very pleasant
    odor. "This is the dish you and your sister whore will share. There isn't
    any need to waste two dishes on you worthless white pigs. And you are never
    to wash this dish unless I tell you too. Understood?" Miss Tamala continued
    instructing Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala, Suckle understands
    Ma'am," Suckle replied.   
 Miss Tamala opened the bag and
    poured the hard brown nuggets in the dirty dish from which Piglet had eaten
    her meal of garbage earlier. She put her bare feet right next to the 'bowl-like'
    dish, which embedded another 'subliminal message' in Suckle's mind. From
    now on, whenever Suckle ate at 'feet of her Mistress' she would equate this
    'symbolic gesture' automatically with the thought that she was being allowed
    to feed only by the 'generosity and goodness' of her Mistress for which she
    would feel a debt of gratitude. This simple little act would, in Suckle's
    mind, make her more dependent on her Mistress for even the 'necessities of
    life.'   
 Then Dr. Mary winked at Miss Tamala.
    Right away, Miss Tamala knew that Dr. Mary was going to get in on the 'fun'
    they were sharing with Suckle. She knew once Dr. Mary started to get aroused
    she was capable of anything.   
 "Hey you stupid doggy," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle. "Are you such a dumb dog that you don't know how to act when
    your Mistress puts food in your dish?"   
 Suckle just kneeled in front of
    the dog food filled dish with a blank expression on her face not having any
    idea how to answer that question. But she wanted to please both her Mistress
    and Dr. Mary so she tried to say something that she thought would please
    them.   
 "Yes, Dr. Mary ... yes, Suckle
    is a dumb dog," Suckle answered.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    at Suckle's answer. "Look like a dumb stray dog. The 'fur' on your head is
    a mess. You look like you were sniffling around dumps or something."   
 "Don't let her eat yet," Dr. Mary
    said excitingly and sternly. "I'll teach the motherfucking whore how a dog
    is supposed to display its gratitude when it's beautiful Mistress gives it
    food. Dr. Mary got up and left the room. She was only gone a minute. When
    she returned she had a three foot cat-o'-nine-tails with her.   
 As soon as Miss Tamala saw the
    cat-o'-nine-tails in Dr. Mary's hand she knew what Suckle was in for. Even
    though this 'side' of Dr. Mary frightened Miss Tamala somewhat, it also excited
    her. She couldn't deny it because she could feel the wetness in her vagina
    building up just thinking about what she perceived was to come.   
 "Now you motherfucking mutt," Dr.
    Mary yelled at Suckle in a very stern voice, "bend your head over your food
    dish and don't eat until you are told to. Raise your ass up in the air."   
 "Whish" ... the sound of the whip
    cutting through the air filled the small room. It was immediately followed
    by the 'splat' as the nine different knotted cords struck Suckle's ass.   
 "Aaahhhhhhh, aaaahhhhhhhh," Suckle
    really screamed as the fiery pain shot through both of the cheeks of her
    upturned ass at the same time. The cat-o'-nine-tails was one of Dr. Mary's
    favorite disciplining implements since she could cover both cheeks of Suckle's
    ass with one blow.   
 "Aaaaahhhhhh, aaahhhhhhhh, ...
    oooohhhhh ... oh God, oh God," Suckle screamed again as she felt the second
    blow reach her ass from the whip Dr. Mary was using on her.   
 "Whenever your Mistress puts food
    in your dish you are to wiggle your ass," Dr. Mary yelled again at Suckle. "Do
    it now."   
 "Oh yes, oh yes ... there ... there
    ... I ... I am wiggling ... Suckle is wiggling her ass ... please, please
    ... Suckle is wiggling her ass ... please don't hit me ... please don't hit
    Suckle again ..." Suckle was struggling to do everything right including
    putting her verbal responses in the 'proper' form ... the way she was trained.   
 "Shut up," Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle. "Don't
    you ever beg not to be hit! Your trainers know what is best for you and what
    you need for your education in the service of your superiors. Remember, disobedience
    brings punishment; obedience brings rewards. Is that understood?" Dr. Mary's
    stern voice filled the room. "Now wiggle your ass again and don't stop until
    your Mistress tells you to eat."   
 Miss Tamala had slipped her hand
    under her robe and was lightly rubbing her wet pussy. She saw the bright
    red marks where the knotted tails of the whip had struck Suckles white ass.
    There were at least a dozen marks from the knots on the whip that were about
    the size of a half dollar spread on both of Suckle's ass cheeks. Some of
    the marks had red striped lines below them where the leather string-like
    individual lines that had the knots attached to them left their imprints.   
 Piglet was shaking a little in
    the corner of the room. But her vagina was also very wet from the sounds
    she heard of Suckle being punished. Piglet wished it was her because she
    knew that following most punishments rewards would sometimes follow ... and
    she also knew that a lot of times the rewards consisted of the opportunity
    to suck one or both of her Mistresses pussies. Piglet, of course, was just
    about insatiable went it came to tasting her Mistresses. She was addicted
    to the feeling she got from sucking on just about any part of her Mistresses
    body.   
 Suckle was wiggling her ass fast.
    She moved her ass from side to side repeatedly the way she imagined a dog
    would wag its tail. She even exaggerated the movements of her ass to show
    Dr. Mary and her Mistress that she had learned her lesson well.   
 Dr. Mary came back over and sat
    in her chair. "Your fucking stupid dog whore is all yours honey girl," Dr.
    Mary said between gasps of air. Dr. Mary always got so sexually aroused punishing
    one of the bitches that she got a little out of breath from the excitement
    she felt. "Do you like the way it wags its tail?"   
 "Yes, yes ... thank you darling," Miss
    Tamala replied. "You looked extremely beautiful, as you always do, when you
    are imparting your wisdom on these stupid bitches."   
 Again they leaned over and kissed
    ... lips to lips ... a long passionate kiss of two very dominant beautiful
    women who understood and accepted their sexuality, who knew what 'turned
    each other on' and were intoxicated by the arousal they got from it.   
 When their lips parted, Miss Tamala
    put her arm around her lover's shoulders. She raised her beautiful brown
    foot up and put it on top of Suckle's head.   
 "Eat you dumb dog whore," she said
    to Suckle while pushing her head down into the food in the dish. Miss Tamala
    also gave Dr. Mary a little squeeze as she gave Suckle this order to begin
    eating the dog food ... and Dr. Mary in turned put her arms around Miss Tamala
    to return the squeeze.   
 Suckle took one nugget at a time
    in her mouth. They were very hard and had the consistency of a very hard
    grainy type of dry cereal. The sounds coming from Suckle's mouth as she chewed
    was loud as the hard nuggets crunched against her teeth. When her saliva
    mixed with the ground up pieces of dog food in her mouth, the taste it left
    almost gagged her. It tasted like some kind of rotten meat and even left
    a rancid odor seep into her nostrils. But she swallowed. "Wasn't that what
    'good girls' were supposed to do," she reasoned with herself. The odor of
    'dog food' coming from Suckle's mouth acted as another 'stimulant' for Miss
    Tamala and Dr. Mary. You could see the arousal of both women building just
    by the look in their eyes and lustful expression on their faces.   
 Dr. Mary got up from the chair
    and knelt down next to Suckle.   
 "Ah, poor little doggy," Dr. Mary
    said in Suckle's ear as she 'puppy petted' Suckle's head. "Is your doggy
    food too dry?" she continued in the 'motherly, sympathetic' sounding voice
    again.   
 Suckle didn't answer. She wasn't
    about to risk giving Dr. Mary the wrong answer and get her upset again. She
    just took another nugget of dog food in her mouth again and started crunching
    on it.   
 "Maybe your Mistress can make it
    easier for her dirty whore to eat her dog food by moistening it for you," Dr.
    Mary said again to Suckle in that sweet gentle caring tone of voice.   
 "Tha ... thank you Madame," Suckle
    said to Dr. Mary after swallowing the dog food that was in her mouth. She
    didn't know if it was right to 'thank' Dr. Mary for her suggestions but her
    'trained' mind flashed back to earlier when she was punished for not thanking
    her when she spoke in a suggestive manner to her.   
 Miss Tamala took the hint from
    Dr. Mary. She knew how Dr. Mary 'worked.' It was as though they could read
    each other's mind. Miss Tamala stood up and loosened the 'tie' around her
    waist that held her robe closed. She let her robe fall open.   
 "Pick your head up little dirty
    doggy," Dr. Mary told Suckle as she helped her raise her head by grabbing
    her hair and pulling her head upward. "Now put you head back like this," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle again as she positioned Suckle's head in the proper position
    for what was about to come. That 'caring' tone of voice coming from Dr. Mary
    always put Suckle almost completely at ease as she obeyed.   
 It only took a minute for Suckle
    to pick up the scent of Miss Tamala's pussy. It was right there in front
    of her face. The scent made her a little dizzy with desire as she felt the
    contractions of a new arousal beginning in her own pussy.   
 As Suckle looked up she could see
    the beautiful face of her Mistress looking down at her with a large smile
    on her face. She saw the beautiful dark eyes come alive with a lustful glare
    in them. She saw Dr. Mary's hand come up on Miss Tamala's belly as she make
    little slow circles with the palm of her hand around Miss Tamala's belly
    as she began to speak.   
 "Does our dirty dumb doggy know
    what's in here?" Dr. Mary said to Suckle in a teasing tone of voice.   
 Suckle thought for a minute. "Better
    not risk a wrong answer," Suckle thought. "No Madame, Suckle doesn't know."   
 "There is nice warm 'pee pee' in
    there. Mistress Tamala's belly keeps it nice and warm just for doggy Suckle," Dr.
    Mary said, hardly able to contain the building up of juices in her pussy
    as she led Suckle through this new act of degradation.   
 "Open your mouth and keep your
    head back," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. Suckle obeyed. Dr. Mary took her hand
    away from Miss Tamala's belly, reached down in the dish and took two nuggets
    of dog food and put them in Suckle's mouth. "Now don't chew on your food
    until Mistress Tamala makes them nice and moist and juicy for you," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle as she looked up and winked again at Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala reached down with both
    hands and spread her pussy lips. She lowered her pussy until it was just
    above Suckle's opened mouth. She leaned her head over a little so she could
    aim the opening of her vagina and also watch her urine go into her bitch's
    mouth for the very first time.   
 Suckle wanted to watch too. She
    remembered how 'Urine,' Mistress Katrina's pet took urine in her mouth. As
    the picture of 'Urine' drinking Mistress Katrina's piss formed in Suckle's
    mind, she was eager and thrilled to think she would soon be doing the same
    thing. She stared at the opening of Miss Tamala's vagina surrounded by the
    beautiful jet black ringlets of pubic hair and saw the first yellow spurt
    leave Miss Tamala's pussy. Instantly a new 'scent' filled her nostrils ...
    the scent of urine from Mistress's pussy. Even though Suckle recognized the
    odor of urine from her own toilet needs, the scent coming from the closeness
    of Miss Tamala's urine took on a whole new meaning to Suckle, especially
    when she felt it hit her lips and mouth. She felt the warmth of the liquid
    in her mouth as the salty taste mixed with the dog food nuggets. Miss Tamala
    only gave Suckle enough to fill her mouth and then 'shut' it off.   
 "Don't chew the nuggets or swallow
    yet slut," Dr. Mary told Suckle. "Let the dog food soak in your Mistress's
    piss until they get nice and soft." Dr. Mary was starting to reach the peak
    of her arousal as she looked in Suckle's mouth and saw the yellow liquid
    mixed with the dog food. The thoughts of the new depravity they were making
    Suckle undergo was bringing her to the edge ... and she knew it.   
 "Piglet, put your hands down and
    get over here," she told Piglet.   
 "Yes Mistress Mary," replied the
    excited voice of Piglet. Although Piglet and kept her eyes on the wall in
    the corner of the room she knew from the sounds, movements, and odors what
    was going on behind her. She was soaking wet and very eager to participate
    and was thrilled to be summoned by Dr. Mary.   
 "Get under me and I want you to
    suck my pussy slowly. Don't hurry, you dumb cunt," Dr. Mary said to Piglet
    as she lifted her torso to make room for Piglet's head. "Just take long slow
    strokes back and forth on my pussy lips until I tell you I want to cum. Then,
    and only then, I want you to take my clit in your mouth and suck on it like
    it was a pacifier."   
 As soon as Piglet got her head
    under Dr. Mary vagina, buried her face in the mass of black pubic hair and
    began to perform with her tongue as she was instructed, Dr. Mary reached
    down to Suckle's pussy with her free hand. She looked again into Suckle's
    opened mouth as she began to rub Suckle's swollen and throbbing pussy lips.   
 "Ok," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "Your
    dog food is nice and soft now. You can chew your food and swallow." Both
    Miss Tamala from her view standing over Suckle and Dr. Mary watched as Suckle
    closed her mouth and began to chew. They could tell by the way Suckle's face
    cheeks puffed out that she had a mouthful of dog food mixed with urine. As
    Suckle swallowed, Dr. Mary brought the hand she had been rubbing on Suckle's
    pussy lips up to her belly and started to make small rotating movements on
    Suckle's belly.   
 "There now, doesn't that make your
    belly feel nice and full," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she swallowed the last
    of the mixture in her mouth.   
 Suckle turned her face to look
    into the excited face of Dr. Mary. "Oh, yes, yes, Suckle's belly feels nice
    and full," Suckle answered in a tone of voice that indicated she was in a
    very high state of arousal both from thoughts of the act she just performed
    and the stimulating by Dr. Mary of her pussy.   
 Miss Tamala reached down and unhooked
    Suckle's hands from her handcuffs. "Pick up your dish and hold it under my
    pussy and I will moisten the rest of your food," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.
    Miss Tamala took over for Dr. Mary. She knew Dr. Mary was just about ready
    to reach her orgasm using Piglet's head and she wanted to give her lover
    something to go 'off' on.   
 Suckle picked up her dish and held
    it directly under Miss Tamala's pussy. Miss Tamala spread her pussy lips
    a little more and let the balance of her urine go into the dish. Suckle watched
    with a lustful smile on her face as the yellow urine filled the dish. When
    Miss Tamala had emptied her bladder she told Suckle to put the dish back
    between her feet.   
 "Mix your dog food with your fingers
    until my piss makes your nuggets nice and soft," Miss Tamala directed Suckle.
    Suckle did as she was told eagerly. Dr. Mary rubbed Suckle's pussy a few
    more times to keep her very stimulated and aroused. Then she took her hand
    away and used both of her hands to take hold of Piglets ears.   
 "Is you nuggets soft yet?" Miss
    Tamala asked Suckle.   
 Suckle was breathing heavy with
    excitement. "Oh, yes ... yes, soft ... nice and soft ... Suckle's nuggets
    are nice and soft ..." Suckle was blabbering now.   
 "Put your head in the bowl and
    eat just like the fucking dirty dog you are," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "Don't
    you dare use your hands."   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary watched
    as Suckle obeyed without hesitation of any kind. "The fucking white bitch
    is 'flying again,' Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala using that expression to
    indicate that Suckle was now completely under their control.   
 "I know it and I love it," Miss
    Tamala replied as she inserted two of her fingers into her own pussy and
    begin to masturbate herself to the sight of Suckle eating dog food mixed
    with her urine and watching Dr. Mary as she starting pumping away at Piglet's
    face and mouth.   
 Miss Tamala felt the sudden urge
    to go even further. She wanted more ... she wanted to exert and test the
    power she had over her new bitch. She picked up one foot and put on top of
    Suckle's head. Suckle had been picking up the piss soaked and soft nuggets
    one at a time, chewing them a little and swallowing. When Suckle went down
    to the bowl to get another bit of dog food, Miss Tamala pushed down on Suckle's
    head with her foot until Suckle's face was completely in the bowl. Miss Tamala
    pushed so hard that some of the mixture came out of the bowl as Suckle's
    face hit bottom.   
 When Miss Tamala took her foot
    away from Suckle's head, Suckle's head came back up. It was covered with
    dog food made soft and mushy from Miss Tamala's urine. The sight of Suckle,
    with that stupid, lustful and self degrading smile on her dog food covered
    face sent both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary 'over the edge.' Miss Tamala brought
    herself to an intense orgasm by masturbating while staring at her 'slaves'
    face. Dr. Mary likewise couldn't hold back any longer. She rubbed her pussy
    back and forth on Piglet's face, covering Piglet's face from chin to forehead
    until she too reached an intense orgasm.   
 When both Mistresses started to
    relax and come down slowly from the excited feeling that only a completely
    satisfying orgasm can bring, Miss Tamala looked down at Dr. Mary, who was
    still sitting with her full weight on Piglet's head: "Damn," Miss Tamala
    said, "does life get any better than this?"   
 "Oh yes, honey girl," just wait
    until tomorrow ... and the next day ... and the next day ..." Dr. Mary replied,
    letting her voice trail off.   
Chapter XIV---The "Morning After"   
 It was early dawn on Saturday morning.
    The sun was coming up in a cloudless sky. It promised to be a beautiful day.
    The temperature had dropped down to 45 degrees during the early spring night
    and with the windows opened, there was a cool, almost chilly breeze blowing
    across the bed. Miss Tamala was just waking up after a restful and thoroughly
    satisfying night of sleep. She pulled the covers up around her neck as she
    opened her eyes. She was in the 'extra' bedroom, one of the five bedrooms
    in her and Dr. Mary's house. This was a 'special' bedroom that was specifically
    equipped and designed by Dr. Mary.   
 The first thing she saw was Suckle
    in her rubber latex suit, still sitting erect in the wooden straight backed
    chair, eyes taped shut, gagged with a 'nipple apparatus' in her mouth, earphones
    on her head and her pussy stuffed with a very large black colored dildo.
    Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had decided against placing Suckle in the training
    cage in the basement for the night. It had only been two full days since
    they 'captured' Suckle, introduced and initiated her into her 'new' life
    of servitude and slavery and Dr. Mary suggested that they keep their new
    white whore close by to reinforce and intensify her 'education,' the term
    they used, and Suckle readily accepted, to describe the training Suckle was
    undergoing. Dr. Mary didn't want to give Suckle any time to 'think' the way
    she was accustomed to thinking in the past.   
 As Miss Tamala laid in bed, still
    in the state of waking up, she was recalling the events that took place the
    evening before ...   
 She was remembering that both Dr.
    Mary and Miss Tamala decided it would be preferential to keep Suckle's mind
    in a 'submissive' mode. They were both completely satisfied and even surprised
    at how easily Suckle had been to seduce into her new 'station in life' and
    were totally pleased with her progress. But Dr. Mary thought it was best
    to keep 'deleting' Suckle's old thought processes and values and to instill
    and reinforce the direction in which they were taking her. Dr. Mary told
    Miss Tamala it was important to make Suckle understand and accept the fact
    that her body, as well as her mind, did not belong to her any more. "Rather,
    her body now belonged to her Mistresses, her Goddesses, her owners. Her body
    was here for our pleasure and to do with as we please," Dr. Mary explained
    to Miss Tamala. Her mind was be filled with only thoughts of pleasing her
    Mistresses ... to work hard to get her reward ... to hear one of her Mistresses
    tell her she was a 'good girl' ... or to be overcome with joy whenever she
    'earned' a pet on the head by obeying her Mistresses.   
 In order to further Suckle's 'education,'
    they decided to dress Suckle up in a black latex body suit that covered her
    from the bottom of her neck down to her feet. The black latex was made of
    a very thin, pliable, but strong material that was capable of stretching
    to outline very bit of Suckle's body. It was 'skin tight,' fit like a glove
    and showed and highlighted both of Suckle's breasts. The latex material was
    thin enough to clearly show the nipples of Suckle's breasts protruding out
    from her twin mounds. The latex body suit also tucked in tightly around Suckle's
    pubic mound displaying her vagina lips and ass cheeks. Now that Suckle had
    the latex rubber suit on, it almost appeared as though someone had painted
    her body in a black colored paint.   
 This particular 'body suit' was
    fitted with 'snaps' at strategic locations. Although the snaps were not visible
    to the naked eye, the 'owner' of the suit would know where they were located.
    The snaps, once opened, would give anyone who so desired, a means to gain
    entrance to parts of the occupant of the latex suit's body without the need
    to remove the latex suit itself. One 'snap entrance' was located exactly
    between the legs at the spot where the suit showed the outline of Suckle's
    outer vagina lips. Another was located at the entrance to Suckle's asshole
    and two others at the nipples of Suckle's breasts.   
 Dr. Mary had suggested that they
    insert a specially designed large black dildo in Suckle's pussy through the
    front entrance. Once the dildo was inserted, the snaps were again closed
    and no one looking from the outside of the suit would have any idea that
    Suckle had this large dildo inserted in her pussy, except of course, Suckle,
    who's vagina was stretched to the maximum. The dildo was an 'electronic marvel'
    as Dr. Mary had described it, and was controlled by remote control. It could
    also be controlled by a timer mechanism. The 'timer box' controlling the
    dildo was on a night table by Miss Tamala's bed. Dr. Mary suggested that
    they set the timer to go off every hour. Miss Tamala, upon hearing this suggestion
    felt a new stirring in her own pussy just thinking of the effect the large
    rubber penis would have on Suckle all night long. She readily agreed on Dr.
    Mary's plan. The 'movement dial' on the timer box was set to go off on the
    hour thus, the dildo stuffed in Suckle's pussy would move slightly in the
    area of Suckle's clit. The movement was set so it would not be enough to
    bring Suckle to a climax, but would just be enough to renew her arousal every
    hour leaving her totally 'unsatisfied' and 'frustrated.'   
 "Better to keep the bitch's sexual
    desires at the highest point," Dr. Mary explained, "this will make her mind
    easy to reprogram to fit our needs."   
 Of course, this 'movement dial'
    had many settings and could be adjusted at the will and desire of the controller
    of the box. The latex suit would also keep all of Suckle's body heat inside
    causing her to sweat and feel 'clammy' all night.   
 After Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala
    had Suckle 'dressed' up in her latex suit, Suckle heard Dr. Mary speak.   
 "Kneel down you fucking bitch," said
    Dr. Mary.   
 There wasn't any 'let-up' in the
    derogatory words Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala used when speaking to Suckle. These
    'words' would reduce Suckle's self-esteem and any self-confidence she had
    in herself.   
 "Yes Madame," answered Suckle obediently
    as she kneeled down in front of Dr. Mary. It was difficult for Suckle to
    kneel down with that large black dildo stuffed in her pussy, and the constrictions
    the latex suit placed on her body, but slowly she managed it. Suckle hadn't
    been allowed to reach her climax since 'being fed' a little while ago and
    her pussy was very sensitive to every movement of the dildo. As she knelt
    down, she had that stupid lustful smile of someone at the peak of arousal
    on her face ... the pliable smile of lust that Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala loved
    to see.   
 "How so you like that smile, honey
    girl," Dr. Mary asked Miss Tamala knowing from the experience she had the
    last few days with Suckle that when Suckle was at this sexual emotional high,
    they could make her do anything and she would eagerly comply.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed, "the
    motherfucking dumb whore is hot, isn't she?" Miss Tamala said it loud enough
    to make sure Suckle heard every descriptive derogatory word she or they used
    to describe her.   
 "You bet the bastard is hot and
    that's the way she is going to stay all night," Dr. Mary said. "By morning
    this white slut will be begging to lick your ass again and again and again," Dr.
    Mary continued in that commanding sounding voice.   
 Dr. Mary picked up a three inch
    wide gag that had a large rubber nipple shaped attachment on one end. The
    nipple attachment was about the size of a tennis ball and almost filled Suckle's
    mouth which was apparent by the way her face cheeks moved outward in little
    'puffed out' circles. After placing the 'nipple' end in Suckle's mouth she
    then tied the gag around Suckle's head.   
 "Listen carefully bitch," Dr. Mary
    said to Suckle. "You are going to need liquids to keep you from dehydrating
    during the night because you are going to be sweating like the white pig
    you are inside of your pretty latex suit. When you feel like you need a drink,
    just suck on your nipple just like a baby would when feeding from a bottle.
    Do you understand?"   
 "Mmmmm ... mmmmm ..." Suckle shook
    her head up and down in a 'yes' manner unable to speak with the large nipple
    in her mouth and the gag tied around her head.   
 "Good," Dr. Mary said while attaching
    a small transparent clear plastic hose to the nipple part of the gag going
    into Suckle's mouth. Dr. Mary then picked up a long narrow transparent clear
    plastic enema bag. "And now for your liquid," she said to Suckle.   
 Dr. Mary stood up in front of the
    kneeling Suckle, placed the open end of the clear plastic enema bag between
    her own legs, spread her large dark pussy lips until the pinkness of inner
    lips appeared and began to urinate in the bag. Suckle watched as the rich
    yellow liquid streamed from Dr. Mary's pussy and went into the bag and the
    scent of Dr. Mary's piss filled her nostrils. Again the intimate scent of
    Dr. Mary's urine did not in the least repulse Suckle. Instead, if anything,
    it served to stimulate her even more. The 'bag' was half full of the yellow
    frothing liquid when Dr. Mary handed it to Miss Tamala.   
 "Would you like to contribute honey
    girl?" Dr. Mary asked Miss Tamala.   
 "Of course darling," Miss Tamala
    answered Dr. Mary in a cheery excited sounding voice. "Anything to keep our
    stupid bitch from dehydrating," she continued in a humorous gleefully sounding
    voice while looking down directly into Suckle's eyes to make sure Suckle
    understood what she would be drinking during the night.   
 Miss Tamala continued urinating
    in the clear plastic enema bag until it was full and the white bubbling foam
    was at the top of the bag. She then handed the full bag back to Dr. Mary.   
 "Thank you sweetheart," Dr. Mary
    said to Miss Tamala. There was a hook on the front of Suckle's latex suit
    just under her chin and on her neck line. Dr. Mary attached the urine filled
    bag on this hook and placed the opposite end of the clear plastic hose into
    the bag. Now the device was complete. The narrow bag hung from Suckle's neck
    down between her breasts which were stretched out tautly by the tight fitting
    latex. The hose ran from the enema bag into the nipple that was in Suckle's
    mouth. After Dr. Mary had completed her work she stood up.   
 "Try it whore," she said to Suckle. "See
    if you have enough brains in that stupid head of yours to learn how to keep
    yourself from dehydrating."   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary stood
    next to each other, smiles on their faces and with their arms around each
    other waists as they watched the still kneeling Suckle, in her black latex
    glove fitting suit ... an enema bag full to the brim with their combined
    yellow urine ... looking up at her wonderful and beautiful Mistresses. It
    was apparent to both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala that Suckle was getting excited
    by what was transpiring because the nipples of her breasts were very erect
    and could be easily detected by the outline they made in the latex material
    around her breasts. Suckle was getting ready to suck on the nipple as Dr.
    Mary had told her when she heard Miss Tamala's excited loud voice.   
 "Wait, I just have to take a video
    of this," Miss Tamala said. "I want to show my friends how this white pig
    looks drinking our piss."   
 "OK honey girl, go get your video
    camera," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala.   
 When Miss Tamala returned with
    the camera, Dr. Mary knelt down next to Suckle. She roughly grabbed a handful
    of Suckle's hair and tilted her head backward until her face was looking
    up at Miss Tamala.   
 "Now whore," Dr. Mary started directing
    Suckle. "Suck hard on the nipple in your mouth. You must suck hard because
    the nipple works like a pump. Keep sucking hard until you get our piss running
    in your mouth. Don't stop or swallow until you have enough piss in your mouth
    to drink or the suction will stop and the piss will go back down into the
    bag. Then you will have to start all over again. Do you understand?"   
 "Mmmm ... mmmm ...," Suckle shook
    her head up and down to signal she did indeed understand Dr. Mary.   
 "Open you eyes wide and try to
    make a happy face. Always remember Mistress Tamala likes 'happy' pictures,'
    Dr. Mary said to Suckle urging her on.   
 Suckle's face cheeks moved in and
    out. It was evident that she was beginning to suck on her nipple just as
    Dr. Mary had instructed her. She opened her eyes wide so she could look 'happy'
    to please Mistress Tamala. As the yellow liquid started coming up the clear
    plastic hose from the enema bag, Miss Tamala started the video camera running.   
 "Suck harder you dumb bastard," Dr.
    Mary yelled at Suckle while pulling her hair harder shaking Suckle's head
    back and forth. "You only have the piss half way up the hose." Quickly Miss
    Tamala moved around keeping the video camera running while Dr. Mary was shaking
    Suckle's head back and forth. Miss Tamala could feel that familiar awakening
    deep in her pussy watching Dr. Mary's dark skinned face next to Suckle white
    skinned face. It excited Miss Tamala even more to watch Dr. Mary's dark hand
    shaking Suckle's white head to make her point. The contrast in the color
    of 'skin' turned Miss Tamala on even more than usual.   
 Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala watched
    as Suckle started to suck on the nipple in earnest. They could see Suckle's
    face cheeks moving in and out, faster and faster, squeezing the large tennis
    ball sized nipple as she worked to get the urine through the nipple and into
    her mouth. As the yellow liquid rose higher and higher into the clear hose
    Miss Tamala switched the focus on the video camera for 'close-ups' to capture
    Suckle's face cheeks working hard and the movement of the yellow urine higher
    and higher in the plastic hose.   
 Then it happened ... the clear
    hose was fully 'yellow' in color and it was apparent that Suckle had completed
    her task of filling up the hose. It was also apparent that Suckle was getting
    the first of the warm piss in her mouth, letting it accumulate in a little
    puddle at the bottom of her mouth just as Dr. Mary had told her to do. When
    she had enough, again, just as Dr. Mary had instructed her, she then began
    to swallow.   
 Both Miss Tamala, who continued
    making the video, and Dr. Mary watched and listened as they saw the swallowing
    movement of Suckle's throat and heard the 'gulping' sounds she was making
    as she drank their urine.   
 Dr. Mary was overly excited to
    see how easily Suckle had obeyed her in degrading herself in this manner
    just as she had instructed her to do. "Good girl, good girl, you dumb fucking
    slut," she yelled at Suckle in a highly excited sounding voice. "Drink and
    enjoy the fine 'wine' from your Mistresses pussies you hungry stupid pig," she
    continued talking to Suckle while she rubbed Suckle's belly in small circles. "Get
    some of our warm piss down here in your pig belly."   
 After Suckle had swallowed about
    a pint of the urine her cheeks tired from the hard sucking and she lost the
    'suction.' The remaining yellow liquid slowly dropped down the hose and back
    into the transparent enema bag.   
 "That's good, that's enough for
    now piggy Suckle," Dr. Mary said to Suckle changing her tone of voice to
    that 'sweet motherly sound' again. "You have been a good girl and you learned
    your nipple sucking well," Dr. Mary continued talking to Suckle as she 'puppy
    petted' her head again. "Wasn't your Mistresses pussy wine good?"   
 "Mmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmmm," Suckle
    shook her head up and down to signal yes. Suckle was highly excited and aroused
    sexually because of the 'good girls' she was getting, and the 'puppy petting'
    of her head that Dr. Mary was applying for being obedient. The 'compliments,'
    the 'good girls,' and the 'petting of her head like a good puppy,' were what
    Suckle lived for now. She was becoming lost in her new world of 'commands'
    and 'obedience.' The thrill and spurts of excitement she felt running through
    every nerve of her body as one of her Mistresses, in their crude way, acknowledged
    what they deemed to be Suckle's obedience and 'good works' was a new sexual
    excitement that was becoming habit forming to her. She was fast becoming
    addicted to this type of sexual arousal to the point of where she wanted
    more and more.   
 Just the thought of drinking the
    urine of both of these two beautiful superior African American women excited
    her beyond belief. She smiled to herself when she thought of their warm piss
    that she had in her stomach.   
 "I am really a dirty pig," Suckle
    thought to herself. "I am very lucky to have my wonderful Mistresses who
    have discovered and made me realize what I am. Oh God, I want to suck ...
    I want to drink ... yes, yes, yes, ... I am a stupid whore, ... a pig ...
    I need my Mistresses ... need, need, need ...," Suckle's sexually aroused
    mind was flooding over with the thoughts her Mistresses had been implanting
    in her mind the last few days. She wiggled her legs ever so slightly to feel
    the large black rubber dildo in her pussy. But Suckle's obedient mind told
    her she didn't have permission to climax ... to cum. "I must wait for permission
    ... must have permission ... must be obedient ...," she thought to herself
    fighting back her urgent need for release.   
 "Wait honey girl," Dr. Mary said
    to Miss Tamala. "Pause the camera for a moment and let me help you get some
    good pictures of this whore."   
 "OK darling," an excited and eager
    Miss Tamala answered.   
 Dr. Mary untied the gag from the
    back of Suckle's head. She slipped the large nipple out of Suckle's mouth.   
 "Open your mouth you piss drinking
    pig," Dr. Mary said to Suckle, again changing back to her 'instructional'
    and 'stern' tone of voice. "Don't do a thing unless I tell you to."   
 "Yes, Madame," answered Suckle
    in a sincere soft obedient sounding voice.   
 "OK honey girl, I will direct this
    scene for you so you can get some good shots," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala. "When
    you are ready you can start your video camera rolling again," she continued.   
 "Sounds like a great idea to me
    darling," Miss Tamala replied to Dr. Mary. "I always thought you would make
    a good director. I'm rolling again," Miss Tamala continued talking to Dr.
    Mary in a humorous tone of voice as she turned the camera back on.   
 With the video camera turned on,
    Dr. Mary took the 'nipple' end of the hose in one hand, put it at the opening
    of Suckle's mouth and started to squeeze it.   
"I'm going to put a couple of spurts
    of our piss in your filthy mouth," she said to Suckle. "Keep your mouth opened
    wide so Mistress Tamala can get some good pictures of the piss going in your
    mouth and leave it there until I tell you what to do next."   
 "Yes, Madame, Suckle understands," Suckle
    replied in an almost motivated sounding voice as though she really was looking
    forward to whatever Dr. Mary was going to do to her.   
 Dr. Mary squeezed the nipple a
    few times and in a moment a half pint of the yellow liquid was in Suckle's
    mouth. Dr. Mary turned to look up at the camera. "Are you getting a good
    video honey?" she said to Miss Tamala. "Can you see it in the bastard's mouth?"   
 "Oh, yeah ... yeah ... it's beautiful," Miss
    Tamala replied to Dr. Mary getting more and more excited at the thoughts
    of having a video of the events taking place below her. "I can't wait to
    show this video to all my friends. They'll be cumming in their panties when
    they see this whore drinking our piss."   
 "Now put your head back and swallow
    slowly ... very slowly so Mistress Tamala can get a good picture of the piss
    going down your throat," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 Suckle did exactly as instructed.
    When she finished swallowing, she closed her mouth, struck her tongue out
    and licked her lips. Then in the most obscene gesture Suckle had done of
    her own free will to this point, she opened her mouth wide, struck her tongue
    out as far as she could and posed for Miss Tamala's video camera, as though
    to demonstrate that she did indeed swallow all of their piss.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," the laughter of Dr.
    Mary and Miss Tamala filled the room as they watched the 'newest addition'
    to their household becoming the type of unrestricted whore and pig they were
    training her to become.   
 "Look at the motherfucking white
    whore, will you?" Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala in between laughing. She grabbed
    Suckle's hair and shook her head back and forth pulling her hair very hard. "You're
    becoming one of the dirtiest little piggies I have ever seen." Dr. Mary tilted
    Suckle's head back.   
 "Look right into the camera and
    tell the camera what you are," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 Suckle got that stupid looking
    and lustful smile on her face, a feeling of pride swirling throughout her
    body and mind, proud of the fact that Dr. Mary told her she was becoming
    the 'dirtiest pig she had ever seen'. It was as though she had just received
    some kind of award. There was no doubt the state of sexual arousal she had
    been containing all night was catching up with her ability to process any
    thoughts of any kind except the orders coming from Dr. Mary, one of her Mistresses.
    She was acting now on instinct ... sexual instinct. Her eyes were glazed
    over with desire ... and the more she looked at her beautiful dark Mistresses
    and the beautiful richness of the smooth dark skin, the thick ringlets of
    pubic hair surrounding their pussies, the more she wanted to please them.
    Just answering 'yes' as an acknowledgement of obedience on her part was enough
    to cause unrelenting sensations in her own vagina.   
 Then she started to speak in an
    apparent sexually aroused sounding voice. "I'm Suckle ... I'm ... I'm Suckle
    the whore ... I'm a dirty pig ... Suckle is a dirty pig ..." Suckle stopped
    just for a minute. She was gasping for air ... gasping as though she couldn't
    contain herself, as though she was confessing a long kept secret that lived
    deep within her submissive soul. "I'm a sucker ... Suckle is a sucker ...
    I'm a pussy sucker ... Suckle is a ... I drink piss ... I'm an ass licker
    ...   
 "Ha, ha, ha," the laughter of Miss
    Tamala and Dr. Mary filled Suckle' ears and Suckle was thrilled hearing their
    laughter. She knew she was pleasing her Mistresses by degrading herself for
    their pleasure. She could tell by the way they were laughing at her.   
 "Tell the camera how dumb you are," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle excitingly joining in the directional process. "And
    talk loud enough so all my friends can hear you."   
 When Dr. Mary heard Miss Tamala
    give Suckle these orders, she reached down and rubbed the dildo in Suckle's
    pussy knowing this stimulation would give Suckle more 'incentive' to obey
    fully and try to impress her Mistress ... and she was right ... Suckle began
    her sexually charged, uncontrollable babbling again ...   
 "Suckle is dumb ... ha, ha, ha," Suckle
    even laughed, thrilled at the sound of her own voice confessing and stating
    what she really believed about herself. It was as though a heavy weight had
    been relieved from her shoulders and she was discovering herself for the
    first time, realizing she was at the point where she would do anything to
    please Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala and to hear the words 'good girl, coming
    from one or both of them. It was exhilarating to hear her mouth speak the
    words of inferiority to her superior Mistresses. "Suckle is an idiot ...
    I'm stupid ... Suckle is stupid ... no brains ...   
 "Good girl, good girl ... yes,
    yes ... keep it up whore ... tell everybody what you are," Dr. Mary was again
    'petting' Suckle's head, urging Suckle on knowing the effect her voice and
    petting was having on her.   
 "Why don't you make Suckle show
    everyone what a good ass licker she is?" Miss Tamala said to Dr. Mary, thrilled
    at the submissive sound of Suckle's voice.   
 "Sure honey girl," Dr. Mary answered
    Miss Tamala. "Come on fuck head," Dr. Mary said to Suckle. "Your Mistress
    wants you to demonstrate for the camera what a good little ass licker you
    are."   
 Dr. Mary stood up, raised her housecoat,
    and bent over in front of Suckle's head. Suckle's hands were encased in the
    latex suit so Dr. Mary reached around and using her hands, spread her ass
    cheeks in front of Suckle's face.   
 "Now listen bastard," Dr. Mary
    started giving Suckle instructions, "turn your head sideways so Mistress
    Tamala can get some good pictures of her ass licking slave."   
 Miss Tamala maneuvered the camera
    in order to get the best picture she could. Then she gave Suckle directions.   
 "Lick around the rosebud ... that's
    right ... now stick your tongue in ... now out ... that's right ... in and
    out ... in and out ... deeper, deeper ... good girl ... good girl ... that's
    pretty ... yeah, that's really pretty ... your ugly white face looks nice
    in between those beautiful black ass cheeks of your Mistress ..." Miss Tamala
    kept talking to Suckle.   
 Suckle, for her part was entirely
    engulfed in what she was doing and at the sound of Mistress Tamala's voice
    encouraging her to go farther and farther into the depths of depravity. She
    loved the intimate scent, the taste, the warmth coming from Dr. Mary's ass
    cheeks that she felt on her face ... the fact that she was actually doing
    this ... she was actually and precisely obeying every direction Miss Tamala
    was giving her without a moment's hesitation ... and doing it for the camera
    ... making a video for anyone who cared to see.   
 Dr. Mary was gasping for air at
    the feeling of Suckle's tongue going in and out of her asshole. She felt
    Suckle's tongue go in deep, then deeper ... she felt Suckle's tongue make
    little circles in her asshole ... again and again. Her vagina was dripping
    wet from the manipulations of Suckle's tongue and she was contemplating using
    her own fingers to satisfy herself. But she wanted to 'hold off.' She knew
    by Miss Tamala's excited voice that she too was ready for release. They wanted
    to be together tonight ... just the two of them. Dr. Mary had promised Miss
    Tamala they would make love before retiring for the night celebrating their
    'newest addition' to their household. And she was determined to keep that
    promise.   
 "OK Suckle," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "That's
    good ... that's enough for now. Just turn around and smile for the camera
    so we can see how much you enjoyed licking Mistress Mary's ass."   
 Suckle was disappointed at hearing
    Miss Tamala's last instructions. She wanted to stay here ... she didn't want
    to stop ... every nerve in her body was alive with sexual driven sensations
    she thoroughly enjoyed ... it felt so good ... so good to be doing what she
    was doing ... it felt so good to obey ... to belong to these two very dominant
    and beautiful black women ... to be so close to the most intimate parts of
    her Mistresses bodies ... to please them and to hear them moan with pleasure
    from what she was doing to them ... to realize she was giving her mind, body
    and soul to her Mistresses. But, she also knew it was very important to obey.
    It didn't matter what she wanted. What was important was what her Mistresses
    told her to do.   
 "Obey ... do what you are told
    ... never question ... obey, obey, obey," Suckle's mind was pounding with
    the thoughts instilled by her Mistresses. Her training was coming to fruition
    ... her 'old mind' was almost completely erased. Her 'new mind' ... the mind
    Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had instilled in her thought processes was taking
    over ... and the continuing surrender of the core of her very being felt
    good to Suckle.   
 In one last effort to demonstrate
    to Miss Tamala what a whore she was and to try to make Mistress Tamala proud
    of her, Suckle removed her tongue from Dr. Mary asshole, started at the very
    bottom of the crack of Dr. Mary ass and ran her tongue from the bottom to
    the top of the crack ... then she did it again ... and again ... and again!   
 "Ha, ha, ha, ... wonderful slut
    ... that was nice," Miss Tamala said to Suckle as Suckle pulled her face
    away from Dr. Mary's ass. Suckle's heart was pounding from the acknowledgement
    that she had done something to please and make Mistress Tamala happy.   
 "Oh, oh shit ... oh shit," Dr.
    Mary yelled in reaction to feeling Suckle's tongue running up and down the
    crack of her ass. She turned around and slapped Suckle's face hard ... the
    she slapped her face again on her other cheek. "You almost made me cum, you
    bastard. I don't want to cum yet. I'm saving that for later."   
 The hard slaps to Suckle's face
    brought tears to her eyes and her face was very red with the imprints of
    Dr. Mary's hand clearly visible on each of her face cheeks. Even though Dr.
    Mary had slapped her extremely hard, even though her face was still stinging
    from the slaps, Suckle kept that lustful expression on her face as though
    she realized she was being punished for a reason ... a reason that was her
    fault.   
 "Suckle is sorry for displeasing
    Madame," Suckle said to Dr. Mary in a very sincere tone of voice. "Thank
    you for slapping Suckle's stupid face and taking the time to correct Suckle."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary burst out
    laughing. "Listen to the motherfucking bitch, will you?" she said to Miss
    Tamala. "The fucking bastard is learning her lessons well, isn't she? She
    is really beginning to realize she nothing but a piece of shit, a brainless
    slut, and her whole world revolves around her owners ... ha, ha, ha, ...
    did you get a video of that ... did you?" Dr. Mary continued talking to Miss
    Tamala excited at what she had accomplished so far in making Suckle a complete
    wanton slave.   
 "Ha, ha, ha ... yes, yes, I got
    it. I got the whole sequence on tape ... the ass licking, the blabbering
    ... everything," Miss Tamala answered.   
 "Good, good, this movie should
    win an academy award," Dr. Mary replied laughing.   
 Suckle's face was still stinging
    from the hard slaps as she felt Dr. Mary replacing the nipple back into her
    mouth and the gag being retied around her head.   
 Miss Tamala replayed the video
    back on the viewfinder to make sure she got the pictures of Dr. Mary slapping
    Suckle's face. She realized that she had even shifted the focus on the video
    camera to 'close up' so the camera could record the imprints of Dr. Mary's
    hand on Suckle's face. She wanted to show her friends the kind of control
    they had over their new slave. While she was viewing the replay, she rubbed
    her own pussy lips and felt her own wetness and excitement. Miss Tamala even
    dripped more when she heard Suckle's voice on the tape thanking Dr. Mary
    for slapping her face. Then she shut the camera off and put it away for now.   
 "Ok fucker, that's the end of you
    for the night," Dr. Mary said to Suckle.   
 "Would you like me to help you
    get the whore ready for bed?" Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Yeah, that would be great. Once
    we get the slut out of the way you and I can have some fun together," Dr.
    Mary answered. "Why don't you get rid of her hands while I finish adjusting
    her refreshment bag," Dr. Mary continued while she adjusted the urine filled
    enema bag between Suckle breasts and made sure all the hose connections were
    correct.   
 Miss Tamala took Suckle's latex
    encased arms and forced them behind her back. She then took two removable
    leather handcuffs sets and with one set, locked both of Suckle's wrists behind
    her back. She then attached one of the other cuffs to each of Suckle's elbows.
    With a leather strap, she ran each end of the strap through eye hooks that
    were attached to each of the cuffs on Suckle's elbows, pulled the strap tight
    until Suckle's elbows were almost touching. The way Suckle's wrists and elbows
    were tied up forced her shoulders back and her breasts to protrude outward
    from her chest.   
 Miss Tamala knew this was a totally
    uncomfortable position for Suckle. She could see it in Suckle's eyes as she
    tightened and pulled together Suckle's elbows. But she couldn't deny the
    excitement she felt deep in her vagina knowing she was making Suckle, her
    new whore, suffer for her. The more Suckle's eyes confirmed the 'pain,' she
    felt in her shoulders and arms, the tighter Miss Tamala pulled on the leather
    straps.   
 "Suffer you fucking dirty white
    pig," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in an excited sounding voice, "learn to
    suffer for your Mistress, for the owner of your mind and body."   
 "Hee , hee, hee," Dr. Mary giggled
    as she heard her prot&eacute;g&eacute;'s excited voice. She recognized, by
    the sound of Miss Tamala's voice, that she was experiencing a dominant sexual
    high. She couldn't wait to get Suckle out to the way so they could both experience
    each other's bodies.   
 Dr. Mary reached over and placed
    her lips on Miss Tamala's lips. Miss Tamala met Dr. Mary half way. It was
    a very deep kiss ... a passionate and long lasting kiss ... mouths opened,
    tongues searching. They were kissing each other right in front of Suckle's
    face in a sort of celebration of their conquest over this young white girl.
    They both knew they 'owned' Suckle now ... and the way they kissed each other
    make that obvious ... and they wanted Suckle to see by the way they were
    kissing each other, she was just something they would use for their pleasure
    and she would never experience the love they have for each other.   
 "Let's get this motherfucking bitch
    put away honey girl," Dr. Mary said to Miss Tamala as she broke off the kiss. "I
    think we are both ready for each other."   
 "Yes, darling," Miss Tamala answered, "I'm
    on fire and ready for some action."   
 They each picked Suckle up from
    her kneeling position by gripping her under her armpits. It was very difficult
    for Suckle to walk with the large dildo stuffed deep in her pussy and with
    the constraints the latex rubber suit placed on her body. But step by step,
    they got Suckle upstairs and into the 'special' bedroom.   
 Miss Tamala made Suckle stand by
    the side of the bed while Dr. Mary lowered a hoist from the ceiling. Dr.
    Mary placed a thick, four inch wide belt around Suckle's waist. There was
    a large silver eye hook on the back of the belt. The belt had a wide buckle
    on the front that could be adjusted to any size.   
 "Pull in your dog food, piss filled
    belly whore," Dr. Mary yelled at Suckle filling Suckle's ears and mind with
    the derogatory words she used in order to make Suckle completely understand
    what she thought of her as a person. Suckle's mind recognized that tone of
    voice coming from Dr. Mary. She knew 'her obedience was required instantly'
    ... and Suckle did!   
 When Suckle 'sucked' in her belly
    by trying to breathe as deep as she could with the large nipple in her mouth,
    Dr. Mary quickly connected the buckle to make sure she couldn't let her belly
    back out. Suckle could feel the edge of the leather belt under her rib cage
    and she knew this was going to cause her more pain. Suckle was constrained
    to taking short breaths by this latest addition to her body.   
 Dr. Mary then connected the hook
    on the hoist to the eye hook on the back of Suckle's waist. Miss Tamala grasped
    the rope connected to the hoist to hold Suckle still while Dr. Mary finished
    making the connections.   
 "Pull her up a little honey girl," Dr.
    Mary said to Miss Tamala. "Let's see how the motherfucker looks."   
 "OK, here we go," Miss Tamala answered
    as she pulled slowly on the end of the rope connected to the hoist. Suckle's
    feet left the floor and her body immediately went lengthwise. She was connected
    to the hoist only by the hook on the back of her waist and her body swayed
    a little back and forth.   
 "Shall I pull the whore up?" Miss
    Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Just one minute dear," Dr. Mary
    answered. "One more thing for Miss Piggy here and we can put her away."   
 Dr. Mary went over to the nightstand
    by the bed, opened the drawer and came back with a roll of adhesive tape.
    She then cut two pieces two inches long as Miss Tamala watched. Miss Tamala
    wasn't sure what Dr. Mary had in mind but she knew it would be interesting.   
 "Come over here and grab the whore's
    eye lashes and pull them backwards," Dr. Mary instructed Miss Tamala.   
 Miss Tamala came in front of Suckle's
    face, grabbed her first eye lash with her finger nails at the end of her
    long brown fingers and pulled it backward until Suckle's eye lid was even
    with her eye brow. Dr. Mary applied the adhesive tape to Suckle's eye lid,
    fastening it to her eye brow. She pressed on the tape to insure it was fastened
    tightly. This forced Suckle's eye to remind wide open. She didn't have any
    choice. She couldn't close her eye ... couldn't even blink as long as the
    tape reminded where it was.   
 "Oh shit darling," Miss Tamala
    said to Dr. Mary, "I never saw this one before."   
 "It's something Mistress Katrina
    taught me while I was visiting her last year. She does it all the time to
    her slaves," Dr. Mary answered. "Now get the other eye."   
 Miss Tamala grabbed Suckle's other
    eye lash and Dr. Mary did the same to that eye.   
 When Dr. Mary was finished taping
    Suckle's eyes opened, she walked in front of Suckle's perpendicular body,
    grabbed her by the hair and stared into Suckle's wide opened eyes.   
 "See you motherfucking whore," Dr.
    Mary said to Suckle. "I even have control of your stupid eyes. You will soon
    learn to sleep with your eyes opened if I decide that is what you should
    do. Besides, you are going to have a ring side seat watching your two superior
    black Mistresses make love. Now shake your head up and down as a sign to
    demonstrate your thankfulness for my kindness in my effort to educate you
    in your new life."   
 Dr. Mary left go of Suckle's hair.
    Immediately Suckle shook her head up and down to obey and thank Dr. Mary
    as she was told to do.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    at Suckle as she shook her head. "Bet this whore could never get an education
    like this in law school."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed
    at Miss Tamala's comments. "But she has a long way to go before she graduates
    from our school of higher education," Dr. Mary continued taunting Suckle.   
 Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala sat
    on the bed. They looked at their whore, their slave. Suckle was completely
    encased in a latex rubber suit. Her arms were tied behind her back by her
    wrists with her elbows tied almost completely together pulling her shoulders
    back and causing her breasts, especially the nipples, to protrude outward
    in the most obscene fashion. She had a large nipple in her mouth secured
    by a gag tied around her head. She had a urine filled bag hooked to her neck
    between her breasts that had a transparent hose attached to the nipple going
    in her mouth and the urine filled bag. And now, she had her eyes taped wide
    opened.   
 Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala kissed
    once again and congratulated each other on their 'creation.' Then Dr. Mary
    pulled Suckle upward by the rope attached to the hoist until she was only
    two feet from the ceiling and almost centered over their bed. They left the
    twin nightstand lamps on so Suckle could see everything that happened on
    the bed. Then they disrobed, gave each other another long passionate kiss
    and got in bed.   
 Dr. Mary opened the drawer to the
    nightstand on her side of the bed. She retrieved a 'double pronged dildo,'
    one of her favorite 'toys,' and she fastened it to her own waist by use of
    a belt specifically made for that apparatus. She inserted one end of the
    dildo in her own soaked and throbbing pussy and turned to Miss Tamala. Miss
    Tamala gave Dr. Mary an opened mouth kiss, reached down and took the other
    end of the dildo and inserted it into her own extremely wet pussy. They were
    now 'connected.'   
 Suckle looked down at her beautiful
    Mistresses ... her owners. She watched as they kissed ... deep passionate
    kisses. She watched as they moved their beautiful and mature bodies ... the
    hips of each going back an forth ... the beautiful and strong asses moving,
    first Miss Tamala's and then Dr. Mary's as they pumped the double pronged
    dildo into and out of each other's pussy. The sounds and scent of lovemaking
    filled her ears and her nostrils as she watched with her eyes taped wide
    open.   
 "Ooooooooooohh ... Aaaaarrhhhh
    ... I'm ... I'm cumming ... cumming," Suckle heard the mixed voices of her
    Mistresses below her. She heard the deep breathing, the grasps for air and
    the cooing and relaxing sounds as her Mistresses went 'over the edge' one
    by one. They both had reached that magical pinnacle that only comes when
    one's sexual mind and body is stimulated to the point of no return. Now they
    began to relax as they slowly came down from the pinnacle, their dominant
    appetites satisfied, and their physical bodies equally satisfied.   
 And Suckle loved it. She felt a
    special 'privilege' had been awarded her to be able to witness her Mistresses
    as they made love to one another. Her mind was working again ... just the
    way it had been programmed to work ... she found herself wishing she could
    have been on the bed with her Mistresses ... wishing she could have been
    sucking both of their pussies and asses as they made love to one another.
    Suckle found herself wondering what it would be like to taste both of her
    Mistresses at the same time ... over and over her mind was working ... suck,
    Suckle wants to suck ...   
 As Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary relaxed
    and the 'calm' of release replaced the 'storm' of lovemaking, they held each
    other in their arms. They both looked up at their slave, their play thing,
    their newest whore. They looked at Suckle's taped opened eyes and they could
    tell by the way Suckle was making slow movements with her hips that she had
    enjoyed what she had just witnessed.   
 "Shall I give the whore some release?" Miss
    Tamala asked Dr. Mary.   
 "Yeah, that might be a good idea," replied
    Dr. Mary. "Hell, tomorrow's another day," she laughed.   
 Miss Tamala reached over to the
    nightstand and turned the dial that controlled the timer on the rubber penis
    stuffed into Suckle's vagina to 'off.'   
She then picked up the 'remote control'
    and turned it to medium speed. Both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala watched as the
    rubber dildo begin to make a buzzing sound as it moved in and out of Suckle's
    pussy stretching the latex suit on its outward motion and pulling the material
    back into her pussy in the inward motion. Suckle began to make moaning sounds
    through her gag, thrashing her legs in an effort to adjust to the movement
    of the dildo in her pussy. Suckle had been so aroused for so long during
    the evening that it only took a minute before she began to moan as loud as
    it was possible for her and move her hips in the familiar intercourse movement.   
 Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary watched
    and laughed as Suckle, suspended above their bed by a single attachment on
    the back of her waist and in her heat of passion, seemed to be trying to
    fuck the large rubber dildo stuffed in her pussy by moving her ass forward
    to meet the inward thrust of the moving dildo. They watched her latex encased
    legs flailing back and forth as she attempted to satisfy the feeling deep
    in her vagina. They watched as her whole body seemed to relax and it was
    obvious by her low moaning that she had reached her climax.   
 "I am pretty sure the pig came," Miss
    Tamala said to Dr. Mary. "I guess I can shut this thing off now. I will rearrange
    her for the night."   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Dr. Mary laughed. "That's
    up to you my honey girl," Dr. Mary continued. "I would let the fucking white
    pig hang there all night. But you do what you want to. Just don't let that
    little soft spot in your heart get the best of you," Dr. Mary lectured Miss
    Tamala. "Always remember, you are the Queen and she is your slave. If you
    truly want to domesticate this slut, you must always reinforce this in her
    mind."   
 Miss Tamala looked at her tutor,
    her partner, and lover. "You are a remarkable and beautiful woman darling," Miss
    Tamala said. "Don't worry sweetheart, I know what I am and what I want."   
 "Good," replied Dr. Mary. "Now,
    I have to get some sleep. I'm exhausted and I have to be in the office in
    the morning. I plan to take Piglet with me in the morning. I want her to
    clean my office and do some other work for me. I'll be back home in the afternoon."   
 "Ok darling," Miss Tamala replied
    to Dr. Mary. "Thank you for all you gave me tonight. It was fun. I love you."   
 Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala exchanged
    'good night' kisses and as Dr. Mary turned to go to sleep, Miss Tamala softly
    got up from her side of the bed. She put on her robe and untied the rope
    holding up the hoist lowering Suckle down until her feet rested on the floor.
    She unhooked the clamp from the eye hook on the back of Suckle's waist and
    walked her over to a wooden upright chair in the corner of the room across
    from the bed. She could see by the 'glazed over' looked in Suckle's taped
    opened eyes that she was exhausted. There was no doubt in Miss Tamala's mind
    that Suckle had reached an intensive orgasm ... an orgasm and release that
    she had been denied all evening long. The denial ... the fighting back of
    Suckle's natural need to release her sexual and physical emotions only made
    the orgasm stronger ... and her exhausted eyes was evidence of that.   
 Suckle again, had a hard time walking
    over to the chair because of the large dildo inserted in her vagina and the
    restrictive material of the latex suit. When she did get to the chair, Miss
    Tamala untied the leather straps holding her elbows together in back of her.
    The relief from the loosening of her elbows was apparent by the moans she
    automatically made at the moment they were unrestricted.   
 "Don't get too comfortable or take
    my act of kindness for granted little whore," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "You
    must learn to suffer for your Mistress because it brings me pleasure. It
    gets me excited and wet to see my whore suffer for me and to do it willingly.
    You do want to bring me pleasure, don't you?"   
 Suckle couldn't speak because of
    the nipple apparatus in her mouth and the gag around her head but she indicated
    'yes' by shaking her head up and down enthusiastically.   
 "Good," Miss Tamala said to Suckle,
    pleased with the rapid and enthusiastic response from Suckle. Miss Tamala
    knew this 'response' signaled another step in Suckle's enslavement to her.
    Suckle didn't any longer have to contemplate her answers to Miss Tamala.
    She was now acting on instinct ... an instinct that came from her submissive
    inner core.   
 "Your hands will stay tied," Suckle
    heard Miss Tamala say as she sat her down on the upright chair. She felt
    Miss Tamala grip the end of the tape securing her eyelids to her eyebrows.
    As Miss Tamala lifted the first eight of an inch of the tape to get a good
    grip on it, Suckle knew the adhesive tape was stuck to her eyebrows because
    she could feel the bite of the first of the hairs being pulled out. Then
    she felt Miss Tamala's fingers stop. There was still more then and inch and
    a half of the tape to be removed. Suckle was scared ... she was contemplating
    the pain the removal of the tape would cause if it was not removed carefully.   
 Miss Tamala let her fingers linger
    on the tape end. She could see the 'fear' in Suckle's eyes ... and she loved
    it! Her deeply ingrained dominant nature was surfacing again. "Damn," she
    thought to herself, "it feels so good to have complete control over this
    pretty young girl."   
 Then with her other hand she lifted
    Suckle's chin up. Suckle's greenish eyes met her Mistress's dark black eyes
    ... the eyes that reached deep within her soul. Suckle watched the beautiful
    full red lips of Miss Tamala as they began to form a smile on her bronze
    brown beautiful face. After two days of 'training' her instincts told her
    what that smile meant. Usually when her Mistress was smiling directly in
    her eyes something was about to happen and Suckle was trying to brace herself
    for whatever was coming fully expecting it to be painful.   
 Instead Miss Tamala surprised her.
    She removed the adhesive tape from both of her eyes very carefully causing
    her the minimum amount of pain possible. Suckle's heart was pounding in gratitude
    for this simple act of kindness showed her by her Mistress. Given the chance,
    she would have liked to kneel down and kiss her Mistress's feet to express
    her thankfulness ... just the way her training had taught her.   
 Miss Tamala knew this. The 'kindness'
    incorporated with 'pain' was part of Suckle's training. Anytime her Mistress
    showed any amount of 'kindness' to Suckle, she would become deeper and deeper
    indebted to her, thus the process of 'obedience' and 'punishment' and 'reward'
    would become part of Suckle's psyche.   
 Miss Tamala disappeared for a moment.
    When she reappeared she was carrying a wet wash cloth in her hand. Suckle
    felt the softness and warmness of the wash cloth as Miss Tamala softly patted
    her eyes with it. The wash cloth had apparently been heated by warm water
    and again, Suckle was comforted by Miss Tamala's act of kindness.   
 "Sit up straight," Miss Tamala
    told Suckle in a sudden stern voice snapping Suckle's mind back to the reality
    of just who her 'owner' was. "You must learn to keep your posture perfect
    even while you are sleeping. I want to be proud of my new whore when I display
    her to my friends."   
 Suckle reacted immediately by pushing
    her hips back with some difficulty because of the large dildo still stuffed
    in her vagina. Then she pulled her shoulders backward to align with the straightness
    of the wooden straight backed chair as best as she could with her hands still
    tied behind her. She straightened her legs out so her feet were flat on the
    floor and the calves of her legs were at a perfect angle with her knees.
    While Suckle was complying with her last order, her mind was racing with
    thoughts again ... "displayed to her friends???? ... displayed to her friends???
    ... would Mistress really display me to other people???? ...."   
 Miss Tamala opened a drawer in
    a table next to the chair and took out some various lengths of rope. She
    tied Suckle's shoulders to the chair by forming a sort of harness around
    each arm and pulling it back tightly. She then tied Suckle's waist back in
    similar fashion. Miss Tamala then went to work on Suckle's legs, tying them
    in various places to insure they would stay at 'perfect' angles to the chair.
    When Miss Tamala was satisfied with Suckle's posture, she began to speak
    again.   
 "Close your eyes. I'm going to
    tape them shut. I don't want you to see anything else for now," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle, again in that 'instructional' tone of voice.   
 Suckle closed her eyes and she
    again felt adhesive tape being applied to her closed eyes. Dr. Mary had told
    Miss Tamala that 'tape,' rather than a 'blindfold,' was a much better method
    of closing off Suckle's vision when they deemed it necessary. The 'crudeness'
    of the use of 'tape' would have a deeper psychological effect on Suckle,
    making her more susceptible to their suggestions, orders, and commands.   
 With Suckle bound to the chair
    and her eyes taped shut, Miss Tamala picked up a set of earphones that were
    attached to a tape recorder. "I'm putting these earphones on you now bitch
    and you are to concentrate on the lessons you are to learn. Listen carefully
    because I may test you later to see if your stupid brain is making any progress," Miss
    Tamala told Suckle.   
 That was the last thing Suckle
    heard before the earphones were in place and the sound of soft music began
    to play in her ears. She heard Dr. Mary's voice in the background talking
    about Mistress Tamala ... her achievements, describing her anatomy in detail
    in sexually explicit terms. Then the music would change and the voice would
    change also ... now it was Miss Tamala's voice in the background talking
    about Dr. Mary ... again her achievements, and describing her anatomy in
    a soft sexual voice. The subliminal messages being 'implanted' in Suckle's
    mind was working to perfection, just the way Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala they
    would.   
 As Suckle sat erect in the chair
    with her eyes taped shut, her hearing senses became sharper in the darkness
    ... and her mind was absorbing, continually absorbing. Suckle could see a
    vision of each of her Mistresses as the voices of each alternated. She saw
    their perfect mature bodies, the beauty of their large breasts, their nipples,
    the thickness of the black ringlets of pubic hair extending down from just
    below their belly buttons, the strong legs and thick thighs, the perfect
    feet with their highly polished toenails ... the richness of their dark skin
    and how it changed shades of color at different areas of their bodies. In
    one segment of the 'message' Miss Tamala was describing Dr. Mary's ass ...
    how firm and large her ass cheeks were. The 'voice' took Suckle across each
    ass cheek to the 'valley' ... described how the skin color changed from a
    rich dark brown on the ass cheeks to a dark, almost black color just before
    the globes dipped into the valley ... the valley that hid the 'rosebud' ...
    the rosebud Suckle was learning to adore ... to worship. At this segment
    of the message, Suckle automatically pushed her tongue around the nipple
    in her mouth as though she was trying to stick her tongue out ... trying
    to suck this vision of the 'asshole' that was being so cleverly implanted
    in her mind.   
 In another segment of the 'message'
    flooding Suckle's ears she heard Dr. Mary softly and sexually describing
    Miss Tamala vagina ... the black thick pubic hair, the dark thick outer vagina
    lips that gave way to the pink wetness of the inner vagina lips. She even
    described the scent the aroused vagina of Miss Tamala's private parts emitted
    and Suckle felt as though she was actually close by.   
 As Suckle was listening in an almost
    hypnotic state, she felt the slight movement of the dildo stuffed in her
    vagina. Miss Tamala had reset the timer to go off on the hour. When the timer
    set the dildo off, Suckle could feel the pleasure of the movement on her
    clit ... not enough movement to get her fully aroused or enough to make her
    reach a climax but just enough to get her attention and make her appreciate
    and absorb the messages being implanted in her mind. And in between the movements
    and the sounds, Suckle would fall asleep ... precious restful sleep ... only
    to wake up again to the music, the voices, and the movement deep within her
    vagina ... again, and again, and again ...   
 Miss Tamala was waking up to the
    present now ... her thoughts of 'last night' fading into the background.
    The thoughts of last night stirred that familiar feeling of excitement in
    her vagina again. After a restful night's sleep, she felt renewed and it
    was easy to become aroused again. She looked over to Dr. Mary's side of the
    bed. It was empty. Dr. Mary had already left for her office before Miss Tamala
    had awaken. Miss Tamala looked at the clock on the nightstand. It was 6:45
    a.m.   
 "Time to get up," Miss Tamala thought
    to herself. As she looked over at Suckle sitting erect in the wooden straight
    backed chair, her eyes taped shut, the earphones on her head, and the dildo
    still stuffed deep in her pussy, she could feel herself getting highly and
    dominantly aroused again.   
 "Time to take my new whore further
    into her new submission lifestyle," she thought to herself as she got out
    of her bed. This was the morning after ... and the start of a new day ...
    it promises to be fun!!!!   
Chapter XV----Moving On   
 Miss Tamala walked over to the
    closet. She had been naked while in bed and the early spring breeze blowing
    lightly through the windows was chilly on her skin. That was apparent by
    the little 'goose bumps' rising on her bronze brown skin. She took a light
    pink colored robe out of the closet and slipped it on. The robe was made
    of a very smooth satin material that clung to every part of her body. Then
    she walked over to the floor length mirror.   
 "Beautiful," Miss Tamala thought
    to herself as she 'fluffed' her rich black hair outward to get the 'night
    time' kinks out. The light pink color of the robe accentuated the beauty
    of her smooth rich skin. But it was the way the satin material clung to her
    body that would make someone looking at her begin to 'drool' with desire.
    The satin material outlined the size of the beautiful full globes of her
    breasts while her large nipples made telltale peaks in the front of the robe
    that left no doubt they were erect and stiff. The feel of the soft and silky
    material against her skin always had a 'sexual' connotation on Miss Tamala.
    She loved the way it clung to her belly, her hips, and outlined the thickness
    of her ass cheeks and thighs.   
 Adhering to the advice of Dr. Mary,
    Miss Tamala had been under the supervision of a 'personal physical trainer'
    for almost two years now and she was admiring the effect it had on her body.
    Since she had become successful in her business, she took advantage of all
    the benefits that a wealthy person could afford. A personal trainer was just
    one of these benefits. Another 'fringe benefit' of being wealthy was the
    fact that she could have a 'personal beauty consultant.'   
 Miss Tamala's personal physical
    trainer was an ex pro football player by the name of 'Rudee.' He was a very
    large African American male that kept in perfect physical condition himself.
    Two years ago, when Miss Tamala hired Rudee as her personal trainer, he had
    tried several times to 'hit' on her even though Rudee was married. After
    a while, when it became clear that Miss Tamala was not going to give into
    his advances, Rudee finally settled down. However, they became good friends
    and had many long conversations between them while Miss Tamala was in his
    training center working out. Eventually, probably because of Miss Tamala's
    'natural dominant' personally, they felt there was enough 'trust' between
    them to be able to discuss almost anything. It was at that time that Miss
    Tamala told Rudee about her sexual orientation and her alternate lifestyle.   
 Rudee was fascinated by the 'lifestyle'
    that Miss Tamala led and always looked forward to talking to her. He loved
    to see her coming into his training center to hear what was going on in her
    'other' life. He would be in a constant state of arousal as she told him
    of her latest exploits. Miss Tamala kept Rudee 'up to date' as she was slowly
    dominating Piglet and making Piglet her full time slave. Rudee was fascinated
    with the way the beautiful Miss Tamala had taken Piglet, an attractive young
    and married white woman and completely took over her life using her as her
    sexual plaything and devoted servant. While Miss Tamala, herself, was not
    interested in Rudee in a sexual way, she did feel kind of guilty every time
    she left the training center and observed the gigantic bulge in Rudee's sports
    shorts. Eventually, after taking Piglet on as her full time 'slave' she would
    take Piglet with her and, on occasion, she would let Rudee have intercourse
    with Piglet. Miss Tamala always 'supervised, these sexual activities to ensure
    that Piglet knew her status at all times. It was under Miss Tamala's supervision
    that Rudee initiated Piglet into anal sex. Rudee had an enormous penis and
    it was a 'turn on' for Miss Tamala to see Rudee penetrate Piglet's asshole
    with his large black pole for the first time.   
 Miss Tamala also supervised Piglet's
    initiation into 'complete' oral sex with Rudee. Although Piglet had engaged
    in oral sex with her former husband, they only used oral sex as a prelude
    and 'foreplay' to 'normal' sexual intercourse. After meeting Rudee and they
    become good friends, Miss Tamala told Piglet that she must learn to become
    a 'proficient cocksucker.' Miss Tamala, much to Rudee's satisfaction, taught
    Piglet how to 'suck a cock' to completion. Thus Piglet became very adept
    at bringing Rudee to a climax and swallowing every drop of sperm he gave
    her. After Piglet became proficient at her new 'talent,' Miss Tamala would
    use Piglet as a pawn, to win some very big government contracts by sending
    Piglet out on 'assignments' to the people, both men and women, that were
    in a position to award her business lucrative contracts. Of course, Piglet
    would never even dream of disobeying Miss Tamala. Whatever her Mistress told
    her, Piglet would readily comply.   
 Rudee's wife, 'Lyric' was in the
    beauty consulting business. She was introduced to Miss Tamala by Rudee after
    about six months as her personal trainer. Lyric was a former model and a
    part time actress. She was also a very talented hair dresser and makeup artist.
    She was a 'copper colored,' very light skinned African American woman with
    very exquisite features. She was even a little taller than Miss Tamala, and
    just as beautiful with very large and firm breasts, a very slender waist
    and along with Rudee, kept herself in excellent physical condition. Rudee
    and Lyric were in their middle thirties and being somewhat younger than Miss
    Tamala, they both were absolutely awe struck with Miss Tamala's dominant
    lifestyle and always listened with enthusiasm whenever Miss Tamala told them
    about her exploits as 'Mistress' of her household. Both Rudee and Lyric were
    highly sexual people and very open minded and led a 'swinger's' lifestyle
    within a very tight circle of select people.   
 Miss Tamala and Lyric also became
    very close friends and, in time, Lyric became Miss Tamala's personal beauty
    consultant. She took care of all of Miss Tamala's beauty needs which included
    hair styling, skin care, makeup, etc.   
 As time passed and after being
    introduced to Dr. Mary, they all became close and trustworthy friends. Eventually,
    both Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala financed Rudee and Lyric in the expansion of
    their businesses. Rudee now had four successful training centers while his
    wife, Lyric, had a chain of ten beauty salons spread throughout the city.   
 Miss Tamala was fully confident
    of herself and the 'effect' she had on most people. Dr. Mary had made her
    realize long ago that she was extraordinarily beautiful, both physically
    and mentally. Dr. Mary told her that once she learned to let her confidence
    and beauty flow outward naturally; she would have an overbearing effect on
    the people around her. She would become a leader, a dominant force, that
    would demand admiration, respect, and in the right circumstances, worship!   
 At this point in her life, Miss
    Tamala had become quite content in her own 'skin' and in her 'mind' of who
    she was. Therefore she didn't have any trouble looking in the floor length
    mirror at herself and saying, to herself, in her 'mind's eye' ... 'beautiful.'
    She admired the 'athletic' figure she saw looking back at her ... the firm
    breasts that didn't have a bit of sag in them, the flatness of her stomach,
    the firm thickness of her thighs, and the muscular tone of the calves of
    her legs.   
 Miss Tamala left her feet bare
    and turned to walk softly across the room to the chair in which she had placed
    Suckle late last night. As she approached Suckle in silence, a smile appeared
    on her own face as she thought of how easy she had seduced the old "Lynn
    Langley' ... and how close she was to making Suckle her full time devoted
    servant, her slave, her plaything. She and Dr. Mary were rapidly erasing
    Suckle 'old mind' ... the way she used to process thoughts and desires ...
    and they were implanting a whole new system of thinking ... and desires!   
 Suckle's head was bowed downward
    as though she was sleeping. Miss Tamala noticed that Suckle's hair was hanging
    down the sides of her face almost dripping wet with moisture from the heat
    that the latex suit had kept trapped 'inside' all night. The hair that Suckle
    always kept so neat and luxuriously flowing with 'waves,' was now wimp and
    straight. She also noticed the 'refreshment bag' hanging between Suckle's
    breasts was half emptied. Suckle had drank half of the urine out of necessity
    to keep herself from dehydrating.   
 Miss Tamala felt the first twinge
    of arousal in her vagina as she stood looking at how pathetic this once beautiful
    and proud girl now appeared. It gave her a feeling of 'power,' ... of having
    the power to do anything to Suckle just because it made her 'feel good' ...
    and that power was dominantly intoxicating and sexually stimulating. As she
    stood in front of Suckle, she saw Suckle's head come up and she watched as
    Suckle's nostrils flared in and out in a 'smelling' motion.   
 "Good," Miss Tamala thought to
    herself, "the bitch is using her sense of smell. It's amazing," she continued
    thinking, "how the cutting off of one of someone's senses, makes another
    sense becomes sharper."   
 Suckle, for her part, caught the
    smell of lilac close by her. Although she couldn't see anything because her
    eyes were taped shut and the earphones prevented her from hearing anything
    outside the preprogrammed subliminal messages, her sense of smell told her
    that her Mistress was close by. The odor of lilac, her Mistress's favorite
    perfume, awakened her mind and immediately she felt a twitching in her vagina.
    Just like a 'little puppy' that was learning to recognize the scent of their
    'owner' Suckle reacted with enthusiasm. Then she felt her Mistress's hands.   
 Miss Tamala removed the earphones
    and began loosening the various ropes that held Suckle to the chair. Then
    she then untied the gag and carefully removed the large 'nipple' from Suckle's
    mouth and removed the clear plastic, half full urine bag from around her
    neck. Suckle didn't make a sound during this time ... she didn't have permission
    to say or do anything and her mind was reacting in the way it had been 'conditioned'
    the last few days.   
 After Miss Tamala has removed all
    the ropes securing Suckle to the chair she untied her arms. Then she stepped
    backward a little.   
 "Get up," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.
    These were the first words Suckle heard this morning and she quickly recognized
    the voice as Miss Tamala's confirming what her sense of smell had told her.
    The first sound of Miss Tamala's voice vibrated through Suckle's brain and
    a little burst of fear ran throughout her body.   
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied as she tried to adjust her mouth to the feeling of emptiness since
    the nipple had been removed. Her mouth was sore both from being in that 'stretched
    out' position and from the 'hard sucking' she had to do on the 'nipple' in
    order to get some 'refreshment'. She moved her mouth up and down and in and
    out in order to try to get it somewhat back to normal. Suckle tried to stand
    but fell back on the chair. Her knees were very stiff from being 'locked
    in' the same position all night. But she quickly attempted to stand up again,
    and once more her knees and legs failed her. Finally, on the fourth or fifth
    attempt she stood up although she was still somewhat shaky.   
 Miss Tamala was amused as she observed
    Suckle attempts to obey her order. She purposely left Suckle's eyes taped
    shut. She wanted to keep some semblance of bondage for Suckle's mind to contemplate.
    Then she knelt down and unsnapped the clasps leading to Suckle's pussy. As
    soon as the opening leading to this area of Suckle's body was unsnapped,
    Suckle heard Miss Tamala's voice again.   
 "You rotten bastard, did you pee
    in your nice suit?" Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle. "You stink like a rotten
    barrel of fish."   
 "I ... ah ... ah ... Suckle ...
    Suckle doesn't know ... Suckle doesn't know," Suckle's fearful voice replied,
    her ears filling once again with the harsh and derogatory language Miss Tamala
    was using. Suckle ready didn't have any sensation of urinating at any time
    during the long night because of the large dildo stuffed in her pussy. Every
    time the timer went off and the dildo began to move within her pussy, she
    got so carried away with the excitement she felt on her clit she couldn't
    think of, or feel anything else.   
 "Slap," the sound of Miss Tamala's
    hand striking the side of Suckle's head vibrated through the air. "You must
    learn to control yourself no matter where you are. You will only pee when
    your Mistress gives you permission." The slap was very hard and it stung
    Miss Tamala's hand. But it also felt good to give Suckle a good slap just
    to enforce in her mind who and what she had become. "Besides," Miss Tamala
    thought to herself as she felt a shiver of excitement run through her dominant
    mind, "it's fun and makes me feel some wetness in my pussy to have this much
    power over this white bitch."   
 "I ... I'm sorry ... Suckle is
    sorry, Mistress," Suckle replied while she tried to adjust to the stinging
    pain the slap caused to her face. Her taped shut eyes felt like they were
    filling up with tears as her 'altered' mind began to work. "Mistresss Tamala
    must be right," she was thinking to herself, "Mistresss Tamala is never wrong
    about anything. If Mistress Tamala says I peed in my pants, it must be true
    ... Mistress Tamala is never wrong ... Mistress Tamala is wise, smart, successful,
    beautiful ... yes, beautiful ... beautiful ... beautiful ...   
 The recorded subliminal messages
    that Suckle had been listening to all night coordinated with the sexual arousal
    she felt as the 'timed dildo' massaged her clit had done the job they were
    intended to do. Suckle's mind was filled to overflowing with thoughts of
    her Mistresses ... especially Miss Tamala. The relationship building in Suckle's
    mind toward Miss Tamala was of complete and undisguised love, worship and
    respect based on fear and admiration. While the emotions she felt toward
    Dr. Mary were based on worship and fear. She knew if she didn't please Miss
    Tamala she would be punished and deservedly so. She knew if she didn't please
    and obey Dr. Mary's instructions she would be reprimanded vocally and punished
    severely. Thus, the way Suckle's mind was beginning to function, she looked
    to Dr. Mary more as her 'teacher Mistress' while she looked at Miss Tamala
    as her 'Goddess Mistress.'   
 Miss Tamala removed the large rubber
    dildo from Suckle's sloppy and wet pussy. She went around to the back of
    Suckle and unzipped and removed the latex suit. Suckle, for the first time
    in around eight hours was naked and without any restraints on her body except
    for the tape that still kept her eyes shut.   
Her body was soaked with perspiration
    caused by the enormous amount of heat the latex suit had kept trapped inside
    all night. When Suckle felt the first wave of cool air coming from the opened
    window on her perspiring body she took in a deep breath.   
 With that deep breath, Suckle also
    got the first 'whiff' of the odor her body was emitting. "Mistress Tamala
    is correct," Suckle thought to herself, "Suckle smells bad." True to her
    training, Suckle thought of herself as a 'third' person ... someone that
    Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary had created. Then Miss Tamala removed the tape from
    Suckle's eyes.   
 Even though Suckle felt the tape
    being removed, when it was done she kept her eyes closed. She didn't hear
    Mistress Tamala tell her to open them. The fear of being disobedient, of
    not 'pleasing' her Mistress was the only thought flashing through Suckle's
    mind. So, rather than risk her Mistress's displeasure, Suckle, in a split
    second, in reaction to her 'training' ... kept her eyes closed.   
 Miss Tamala stood in silence ...
    a large smile on her face. She felt the building up of the wetness beginning
    deep in her pussy. She was proud of herself ... proud of the fact that this
    white girl she had in front of her and in her power, wouldn't even open her
    eyes because she didn't have permission.   
 Miss Tamala reached down and touched
    herself. She inserted one finger in her own vagina and could feel the wetness
    of desire there. "Damn," she thought to herself, "it makes me feel like masturbating
    just looking at how we made this once proud girl, this once straight 'A'
    college student into a stupid looking asshole." Miss Tamala stood in silence
    ... dead silence ... not a sound in the room ... and Suckle remained still,
    eyes closed, even though she really wanted to open them.   
 Miss Tamala took her time looking
    over Suckle. She really liked Suckle's model like features, the beautiful
    face with the clear complexion that was at the moment a rose colored pink,
    the effect of the sweating the latex suit had caused last night, the perfect
    nose, the firm young breasts and the flat stomach. Miss Tamala remembered
    reading in Suckle's law school profile that she was very active in sports
    ... basketball, volleyball, swimming, and gymnastics ... "gymnastics," Miss
    Tamala thought to herself, "gymnastics is where she probably almost perfected
    her form. Yes, she had the body of someone who worked out regularly, just
    as a gymnast would." These thoughts brought another big smile to Miss Tamala's
    face as her mind, rekindled by thoughts of just how many 'new positions'
    the 'gymnast' Suckle would be learning while undergoing training under herself
    and Dr. Mary again 'relit' the spasms of excitement she felt deep in her
    pussy. She looked downward at Suckle's 'mons pubis' covered with brown fluffy
    pubic hair that was 'matted down' with a mixture of her own 'cum' and sweat
    right at the moment, again the result of the effect the latex suit and dildo
    had on her last night.   
 After what seemed like an eternity
    to Suckle, she heard her Mistress's voice again. "Open your eyes and do it
    slowly so your eyes can adjust to the light," Miss Tamala told her.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle said
    as she opened her eyes very slowly. Suckle found herself wanting to add 'Tamala'
    to her answer of 'Yes Mistress." She felt a twinge of excitement flash through
    her whenever she heard herself say Miss Tamala's name as though by saying
    her name out loud she was truly acknowledging Miss Tamala's superiority.
    She felt like a 'little girl' recognizing and obeying an 'adult authority
    figure.' The brightness of the new day make Suckle blink a few times before
    she could finally open her eyes all the way.   
 Suckle let her eyes wander around
    the room without moving her head. She didn't want to take the chance of getting
    Miss Tamala upset by doing something she wasn't told she could do. Last night
    this 'special' bedroom was only lit by the light coming from the nightstand
    lights. Now it was bright with daylight and sunshine and Suckle could see
    all the different 'implements' in the room.   
 First she looked at the hoist that
    had lifted her off her feet almost up to the ceiling. The shelves by the
    one wall held all different kinds of dildos in many shapes and sizes and
    much too numerous for Suckle to ever be able to count. On another wall there
    were numerous different kinds of 'hooks' of some sort and many of these hooks
    held whips, canes, harnesses, and other implements that Suckle had never
    imagined existed.   
 As Suckle's eyes adjusted to the
    brightness of the bedroom, she looked at her Mistress. Suckle had been imagining
    Miss Tamala in her mind all night long and now, again, Miss Tamala was standing
    before her. Suckle was totally intimidated. She felt so 'unworthy' and inferior
    in front of this beautiful African American woman whom she was beginning
    to know very intimately. Suckle didn't even have the courage to look at her
    Mistress for long. Rather, a feeling of inferiority ... a feeling of being
    timid and unworthy rushed throughout her thought processes. As Miss Tamala's
    beautiful full black eye balls that seemed to float in a liquid background
    of white looked into Suckle's eyes, Suckle immediately dropped her head in
    a sign of submissiveness.   
 Again Miss Tamala was pleased with
    this sign of Suckle's submissiveness. "Follow me you stinking pig," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle. "Keep your eyes on my ass as we walk."   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied in an embarrassed sounding voice after being called a 'stinking pig.'   
 Miss Tamala led Suckle down a hallway
    and Suckle, as ordered, kept her eyes on the beautiful swaying ass of her
    Mistress that was outlined and highlighted by the clinging soft satin pink
    robe. If anything, the way the robe clung to the curves of Miss Tamala's
    ass only served to 'wet' Suckle's sexual appetite even more than usual as
    she used her memory to imagine having her face buried in between those beautiful
    swaying ass cheeks. The memory was so strong and clear in Suckle's mind that
    she swore she could smell the very intimate scent she had found there as
    though the scent of Miss Tamala's ass was forever 'locked' in Suckle's sense
    of smell. Suckle had to swallow a few times to 'settle down' as she followed
    her Mistress.   
 Miss Tamala led Suckle into a large
    bathroom. The bathroom was decorated in a light lilac colored tile and wallpaper
    with an African motif. Suckle felt as though she was stepping into a different
    world as she entered the bathroom. The d&eacute;cor of Miss Tamala's and
    Dr. Mary's house was done with African culture in mind. For Suckle, stepping
    into this new and vastly different culture made her feel like a 'stranger'
    ... someone who would have to depend on another to get her through this new
    world. Of course, that dependence would make Miss Tamala totally indispensable
    in Suckle's mind. Again, Dr. Mary carefully planned the African d&eacute;cor
    and environment this way. She left nothing to chance.   
 "Listen to me carefully whore," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle. "You will relieve yourself twice a day, once in the
    morning and once in the evening. You will never do this by yourself but will
    only relieve yourself under the supervision of me or Dr. Mary. Is that understood?"   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    quickly answered.   
 "If you ever try to relieve yourself
    other than the designated times, or if you have an accident, you will be
    severely punished. Is that understood?" Miss continued lecturing Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    meekly replied.   
 "Good," Miss Tamala said as she
    walked over to another part of the bathroom and brought back two gallon empty
    coffee cans. Just as with Piglet, one was clearly marked 'piss' and the other
    'shit.'   
 "These are your toilet utensils.
    This is where you will relieve yourself when I or Dr. Mary tells you to.
    You will never, I repeat never, use any of the normal toilets in this house.
    These toilets are reserved for the beautiful asses of your Mistresses and
    you are never to soil them with your pig body. Is that clear?" Miss Tamala
    told Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    said even more meekly than before realizing that even her most personal body
    needs were going to be done under the supervision of her Mistresses.   
 Miss Tamala put the can marked
    'piss' behind Suckle. "Squat down, spread your legs and piss," Miss Tamala
    told Suckle.   
 "Mistress Tamala, Suckle doesn't
    have to ..." Suckle tried to say.   
 "Piss," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle.
    I own and control your body and you will piss on my command."   
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," a
    startled Suckle replied to the loud firm voice of her Mistress as she began
    to squat. After a minute or two, Suckle managed to get about a half of pint
    of urine in the can. But Suckle stayed in her 'squatting' position waiting
    to be told what to do next. Her mind was becoming totally dependent on orders
    from her Mistress.   
 Miss Tamala shoved the 'piss' can
    out of the way with her foot. Then she shoved the 'shit' can under the squatting
    Suckle in the same manner.   
 "Shit," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle.   
 "I ... Suckle doesn't ..." Suckle
    made a feeble attempt to tell Miss Tamala she didn't feel the need to defecate.
    But she knew that was of no use. She was just told that she must learn to
    do these things on command.   
 Suckle pushed. Nothing. She pushed
    again trying to do as she was told. Nothing.   
 Miss Tamala walked behind the squatting
    Suckle to get a better view of her ass. She watched as Suckle's little asshole
    spread as Suckle pushed only to close up again as Suckle let up. Miss Tamala
    laughed at the sight of fully exposed Suckle trying to obey her. "Now this
    is fun," Miss Tamala taught to herself as she felt the awakening in her vagina
    ... the thrill of having her white whore's most personal area fully in her
    slight was overwhelming to her ... and she loved it. "Now shit you bastard," Miss
    Tamala yelled again at Suckle.   
 "Yes ... yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied as she pushed as hard as she could. Suckle could feel the first little
    movement of her bowels. She felt her asshole open and was embarrassed to
    realize Miss Tamala was watching her defecate. Again Suckle got a small stool
    in the can.   
 "Is that all you have in your stupid
    belly pig?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied.   
 "Well, you didn't have too much
    to eat yesterday. Damn, smells just like dog shit," Miss Tamala said to Suckle
    in a humorous and teasing tone of voice. "I wonder why. Do you know why your
    shit smells like dog shit?" again she said teasing Suckle.   
 "Yes, Miss Tamala, Suckle knows
    why," Suckle replied.   
 "Tell your Mistress why you smell
    like a dog," Miss Tamala said in a tone of voice that was apparent she was
    enjoying degrading Suckle in this manner.   
 "Because Suckle had dog food for
    supper, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    at Suckle's acknowledgement and degradation. It was apparent this was a 'turn
    on' for Miss Tamala. "That's right you dumb fucking pig, you had dog food
    mixed with my piss ... ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala continued laughing.   
 "Oh, one more thing whore, you
    are not allowed to wipe whenever you relieve yourself. We don't waste toilet
    tissue on bitches in this house," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Do you understand?"   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied feeling more and more embarrassed and degraded at this last 'rule'
    by her Mistress.   
 "Now get up. I will show you how
    to dispose of your waste later," Miss Tamala told Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala led Suckle over to
    a sunken tub that was six feet in length, four feet wide and three feet deep.
    It was a 'Jacuzzi' type tub that was surrounded by numerous jets inside the
    tub.   
 Miss Tamala turned the hot water
    on and it began to pour into the sunken tub with steam rising up from the
    water faucet. "Put your hands behind your head, elbows straight out from
    your body and wait for the tub to fill up," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "And
    don't come too close to me you stinking fucking whore. I don't want any of
    the filth from your body to get on me."   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    answered as she complied with Miss Tamala's orders. Again Suckle's face turned
    red with embarrassment because she was told she stunk so much. Even though
    Suckle was not the cause of the odor coming from her body, she blamed herself
    for it. She just couldn't imagine ever blaming or finding any type of fault
    in Miss Tamala.   
 "After all," Suckle thought to
    herself, "Mistress Tamala was 'perfect' ... and very 'beautiful.' She could
    never do anything wrong. It's me, Suckle the whore, dumb, stupid Suckle,
    that brought this chastisement on myself," ... Suckle's newly docile and
    inferior mind was telling her.   
 As Suckle stood still with her
    hands behind her head in front of the sunken tub filling with water, she
    could barely hear the footsteps of Miss Tamala leaving the room. After a
    few minutes alone, the realization of being completely naked and exposed
    to another woman as though she was some kind of animal or sub human being
    struck her. Suckle's confused mind began to wander again. Suckle was trying
    to deal her sexual orientation ... this complete feeling of submissiveness,
    something she had never gave much thought to before. She began to feel ashamed,
    guilty, as she recalled some of the perverse sexual acts she had performed
    on Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. She remembered sucking Miss Tamala's pussy and
    Dr. Mary's ass. Suckle was trying to reason with herself while trying to
    figure out how she got here, what she was doing. She tried to remember who
    she was, what she really wanted to do with her life ... getting her law degree
    and passing the bar exam, getting married, have a family ... wasn't that
    being normal???? She remembered David ... David Webster ... her fianc&eacute; ...
    wasn't she supposed to get married as soon as she graduated from law school?   
 Then Suckle heard the footsteps
    returning and the scent of lilac sweep through the bathroom. She could feel
    her heart begin to beat faster as she watched out of the corner of her eye
    as Miss Tamala, the beautiful Miss Tamala, returned carrying a small leather
    bag in one hand and what appeared to be a riding crop in the other hand.
    Immediately Suckle felt a surge of apprehension go through her body intermingled
    with some kind of sexual awakening. Just seeing the riding crop in the beautiful
    carefully manicured hand of her Mistress brought the submissive Suckle back
    ... the Suckle who was discovering her sexual orientation. Miss Tamala put
    the bag down by the tub and looked at Suckle.   
 Miss Tamala saw the somewhat confused
    expression on Suckle's face. "What the fuck have you been thinking of whore?" Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle in an assured tone of voice as though she had the ability
    to read Suckle's mind. Suckle was frightened ... somehow she felt Miss Tamala,
    her Mistress, had the ability to look into her mind, her body, her soul! "Speak
    up when I ask you a question," Miss Tamala said in a firmer voice, the tone
    of voice that always sent little shivers of fear through Suckle. Suckle,
    somewhere in the back of her mind, was amazed how someone who looked so highly
    educated, aristocratic, beautiful and successful could speak to her using
    such derogatory language. She had always been taught that 'ladies never use
    that kind of language.' Yet, Suckle couldn't deny the stirring she felt deep
    in her pussy every time she was called a 'whore,' a pig, a slut, or whatever
    her Mistress wished to called her. Her mind hung on every word as they left
    the beautiful full red lips of Miss Tamala.   
 "I ... I mean ... Suckle just doesn't
    ... maybe I should ... I mean maybe Suckle ... ah, Suckle ..." Suckle tried
    to reply but she was fast losing the ability to even put a coherent sentence
    together mostly because of the fear and discipline her training had instilled
    deep in her mind. She was afraid she would answer in the wrong way and upset
    her Mistress and she never, never wanted to upset her beautiful Mistress.   
 "Does my Suckle feel confused?" Miss
    Tamala said in a completely different tone of voice as though she was a mother
    trying to assist a child. Dr. Mary had told Miss Tamala that there would
    be times in the beginning of Suckle's training when she would question herself
    and her sexuality. This was the old 'Lynn Langley' trying to resurface again.
    But Dr. Mary told Miss Tamala, Suckle's sexual urges and hidden inner desires
    would dominate her ability to return to her old self. It would be up to them,
    Dr. Mary instructed Miss Tamala, to reinforce Suckle's submissiveness and
    her submissive sexual urges until they became so deeply ingrained in her
    psyche that everything in her past would be eliminated forever from her mind.   
 "I ... Suckle ... yes, yes ...
    Suckle is ..." Suckle began to cry as she again tried to answer, the change
    of tones from firmness to gentleness of Miss Tamala's voice catching her
    off guard.   
 Miss Tamala walked behind Suckle
    and with the tip of the riding crop, she tapped the inside of Suckle's thighs. "Spread
    your legs," Miss Tamala said in that soft gentle voice.   
 "Yes, Mistress," Suckle replied.   
 Miss Tamala took the tip of the
    riding crop that had a small flat surface to cover a larger area of flesh
    when used as a whip, and very softly rubbed Suckle's sore outer vagina lips
    while standing behind her. Immediately Suckle felt the sensation of the pent
    up desire in her vagina betray her again. Just one stroke, one little rub
    of the riding crop on her outer vagina lips and Suckle's mind was turning
    to 'mush' again as Dr. Mary was fond of saying. What it really meant was
    that Suckle no longer had self control of her own sexual emotions ... and
    Miss Tamala knew it!   
 Miss Tamala kept moving the riding
    crop softly, outside of Suckle's vagina lips and then inserted the tip of
    the crop slightly inside, partly in Suckle's inner vagina lips in a 'teasing'
    motion but not going anywhere near Suckle's clit. All the while she kept
    talking to Suckle, again in the soft motherly tone of voice.   
 "Some people are beautiful people
    with strong minds and forceful wills, strong and beautiful bodies and are
    able to succeed in all that they do in life," Miss Tamala was telling Suckle. "Other
    people are weak in mind, and if they are weak in their mind their bodies
    are also weak. Strong people are dominant and they should be worshipped for
    what they are. Weak people need strong people to lead them, to tell them
    what they are to do and to train them for their rightful role in life," Miss
    Tamala continued talking to Suckle as though she was teaching a class on
    psychology. And Suckle was listening intently as best as she could while
    Miss Tamala kept up the manipulations with the riding crop on Suckle's vagina.   
 "Now turn around, keep your hands
    on the back of your head and look at me," Miss Tamala said a little more
    forceful tone of voice this time.   
 "Yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered
    in a meek voice.   
 Miss Tamala untied the front of
    her robe and let it slip open. She knew what effect her beautiful body had
    on Suckle, especially when she had Suckle slightly sexually stimulated. She
    heard the distinct gulping sound as Suckle, being confronted with the partially
    nude body of her Mistress swallowed hard.   
 Suckle gazed at her Mistress ...
    and was truly appreciating the beauty of this mature, African American woman.
    She didn't understand why Miss Tamala had this effect on her but it made
    her feel so unworthy of being in her presence. Suckle couldn't even look
    in her eyes anymore. Rather she was becoming more timid and docile by the
    hour. She lowered her eyes and it was almost like there was now and forever
    more, a clear unspoken understanding between them. One was strong, one was
    weak. One was dominant, one was submissive. One was born to be worshipped,
    the other was born to worship.   
 "Tell me what you see when you
    are given the privilege of looking at your Mistress," Miss Tamala said to
    Suckle.   
 "I ... Suckle sees a beautiful
    strong ... Suckle's Mistress is beautiful ... Suckle is lucky to have the
    privilege of looking at her Mistress ... Suckle's Mistress is intelligent
    ... Suckle's Mistress is a great lady ... Suckle's Mistress ..."   
 "Good, good," Miss Tamala said
    to Suckle, stopping her in mid sentence as Suckle started to get more and
    more enthusiastic with the praise she felt compelled to heap on her Mistress
    as she let her eyes wander over Miss Tamala's large, firm beautiful breasts,
    the darker brown nipples that seemed to peak on two mounds of chocolate,
    her stomach, where the course black ringlets of pubic hair started just below
    her belly button and ran down to a mass of rich blackness between her legs
    ... between the strong firm muscular thighs where yesterday and last night
    Suckle had her head ... her mouth ... her tongue. The more Suckle looked,
    the more her desire increased.   
 Miss Tamala let Suckle look for
    a while knowing the overbearing effect she was having on Suckle. She smiled
    when she noticed Suckle run the very tip her tongue on the outside of her
    lips automatically and uncontrollably.   
 Miss Tamala took Suckle by the
    arm and led her over to a closet on the other side of the bathroom. The doors
    on the closet had floor length mirrors installed on them and she placed Suckle
    in front to them.   
 "Now tell me what you see in the
    mirror," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. Miss Tamala knew she would have to keep
    implanting the feeling of inferiority in Suckle's mind if she was to completely
    own her.   
 Suckle was startled by her own
    appearance. This was the first time she saw herself since last night. Her
    unkempt and straight hair was damp with sweat and hung down haphazardly on
    the side of her face and down to shoulders. Her face looked so red and plain
    without a trace of makeup or lipstick. It was even a little puffy from the
    slaps she had received earlier. Her body looked so plain, small and "beatdown'
    in comparison to the 'luxurious' and 'aristocratic' appearance of her strong
    Mistress. Suckle felt ashamed of her appearance and the words and descriptions
    of herself that Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had been using when speaking to
    her were now firmly implanted in her mind.   
 "I see ... Suckle sees ..." Suckle
    replied, again having a very hard time trying to answer her Mistress. She
    thought she knew what Miss Tamala wanted to hear but she was so very afraid
    of not being able to use the right words to satisfy Miss Tamala's demands
    to her to describe herself.   
 Suckle dropped her head again looking
    away from her own image in the mirror. Then she used the first few words
    that came to her mind ... the submissive and sexually altered mind that had
    almost been completely taken over by the dominance of Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala.   
 "Ugly ... dumb," Suckle said so
    sheepishly she could hardly be heard.   
 'Whack' ... Suckle heard the whishing
    sound of the riding crop cutting through the air as though every thing was
    happening in slow motion. Then she felt the sharp pain as the flat top part
    of the riding crop made contact with her ass cheeks.   
 "Aaaaahhhhh ... ooohhh ... aaahhhh
    ..." Suckle's voice sounded throughout the bathroom. Her ass felt like it
    was on fire from the deep, excruciating pain caused by the riding crop. Suckle
    gasped for air and her whole body shook as she tried to regain her composure
    somewhat.   
 "Twice you have questioned my authority,
    you fucking dumb whore," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle. "You did the same
    thing yesterday and I can assure you this will be the last time."   
 "Suckle is sorry Mistress ... Suckle
    begs your forgiveness ... please Mistress Tamala ... please," Suckle replied
    in a sincerely begging sounding voice.   
 "Pick your stupid ugly head up
    and look at yourself in the mirror," Miss Tamala directed Suckle.   
 "Yes, yes, Mistress Tamala ...
    Suckle is sorry ... yes Mistress Tamala," Suckle was trying her best to atone
    for her indiscretion. She could tell Miss Tamala was very upset with her.   
 "Shut up and listen to me," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle. "Look into your eyes and repeat very slowly the 'pledge'
    and 'greetings' I took my valuable time to teach you. And say every word
    slowly and deliberately so it sinks into that worthless dumb brain of yours."   
 "Yes, yes, Mistress Tamala, yes
    ..." Suckle quickly replied. "My name is Suckle. I belong to Miss Tamala.
    She is my owner and Mistress. I am a brainless slut. My Mistress, through
    her enormous generosity, has undertaken the responsibility for my further
    education. I dedicate myself to work hard to always bring pleasure and comfort
    to my Mistress and to make her proud to own me."   
 Suckle said every word very slowly,
    her voice cracking as she realized once and for all that her life had changed
    completely. She realized that she could never go back to her old life. She
    was now Miss Tamala's slave. Miss Tamala was her owner. She would work very
    hard to make Miss Tamala proud to own her. The more it sunk into Suckle's
    brain, the more she got excited ... and the more excited she got the more
    relaxed and comfortable she became with her 'position.'   
 Miss Tamala made Suckle repeat
    her pledge and greetings again and again. After the fourth time and as Suckle
    was repeating her pledge that was now becoming her 'mantra,' Miss Tamala
    reached down and rubbed the deep red slash mark on Suckle's ass cheeks she
    had made with her riding crop.   
 Miss Tamala could feel the deep
    sexual sensation in her pussy. She loved to use her riding crop and as she
    realized just how hard she had hit Suckle she became more and more aroused.
    She rubbed her own pussy with her fingers a few times just to feel the wetness
    that was building up there. Then she took the same two fingers and rubbed
    Suckle's outer pussy lips while watching Suckle's facial expression in the
    mirror. Suckle was soaking wet again. She knew Suckle's mind was now equating
    pain with sex ... 'punishment with pleasure.' Miss Tamala saw the frightened
    look on Suckle's face change to that small lustful smile she loved. The smile
    that made her look like someone who was deeply craving sex ... sex in the
    way Miss Tamala had trained her to expect and to crave.   
 "Stop," Miss Tamala told Suckle
    in mid sentence as Suckle began reciting her 'mantra' for the fifth time.
    Miss Tamala was proud of the fact that Suckle remembered her 'greetings'
    word for word, just as she had been taught, as she took Suckle by the shoulders
    and turned her body to face her. Suckle still held her hands behind her head
    as she had been told to do earlier. Miss Tamala bent over a little and kissed
    her slave on the forehead.   
 "Good girl," Suckle heard Miss
    Tamala say. Immediately she felt a feeling of pride go throughout her senses.
    'Good girl,' the words she wanted so badly to hear from her Mistress ...
    the words that meant she was a good slave ... the words she wanted to earn
    and hear from her Mistress more than anything else in the world now. And
    a kiss ... a kiss on the forehead from her Mistress ... a kiss ... Suckle
    was almost delirious with pride ... from the overwhelming feeling of being
    a 'good' slave for Miss Tamala.   
 "Get over to the tub," Miss Tamala
    said to Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala, thank you
    Mistress Tamala," Suckle said in the tone of voice of a child joyfully celebrating
    the fact that she was told she was a 'good girl' by the one person that mattered
    most in her new life ... her Mistress!   
 Suckle stood facing the tub, hands
    still on the back of her head, waiting to be told what to do next. Miss Tamala
    went over to a built-in closet and came back with a gallon bottle of bleach
    and a large box of heavy duty soap flakes.   
She opened the gallon of bleach
    and poured about half of it into the tub of hot water. Then she did the same
    with the box of soap flakes. She mixed the combination of bleach, soap and
    hot water around with her riding crop.   
 The smell of bleach filled Suckle's
    nostrils. The steam rising up from the tub of hot water also filled her nostrils
    with vapors coming from the strong odor of the mixture of cleaning ingredients
    that Miss Tamala was mixing up with her riding crop. The lustful smile that
    was on Suckle face slowly disappeared as the thoughts of what might come
    next filled her mind.   
 Miss Tamala enjoyed the expression
    of fright on Suckle's face. She loved it! "Get in whore," she said to Suckle
    in that 'no nonsense' tone of voice. "I want all of that stinking putrid
    smell off of that worthless body of yours.   
 There were three steps going down
    into the sunken whirlpool tub and Suckle picked up one foot, reached over
    the tub rim to put it in the water and immediately pulled her foot back.   
 "Ow, ow, ow," Suckle screamed as
    she pulled her foot back instinctively from the very hot water in the tub. "It's
    ... it's hot," Suckle said   
 "Whack, whack," the sound of Miss
    Tamala's riding crop striking the fleshly cheeks of Suckle's ass cheeks ricocheted
    off the bathroom walls.   
 "Aaaahhhhh, ooohhhhhh, oh God,
    oh God," Suckle screamed even louder as the riding crop bit deep into the
    flesh of her ass. The blows were very hard, at least as hard as the time
    Dr. Mary had whipped her on her back.   
 "You fucking bastard, don't you
    ever hesitate when your Mistress tells you to do something," Miss Tamala
    yelled at Suckle.   
 "Oh, oh, oh," Suckle was breathing
    in little short gasps ... trying hard to catch her breath from the effects
    of the hot water on her foot and the searing pain on her ass cheeks. "It's
    ... it's hot ... hot," Suckle continued in a voice that was getting lower
    and lower in tone as she realized she was going to have to obey her Mistress.   
 "Now, let's try it again. And if
    you hesitate even for a second I will whip you until you collapse," Miss
    Tamala yelled again at Suckle. "Repeat after me," Miss Tamala continued instructing
    Suckle. "Mistress Tamala is my owner. I will obey her at all times without
    hesitation and without any consideration for my own stupid body or feelings."   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied in a voice that sounded labored as she was still trying to catch
    her breath. "Mistress Tamala is my owner. I will obey her at all times without
    hesitation and without any consideration for my own stupid body or feelings."   
 "Get in," Miss Tamala yelled to
    Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    replied as she stepped into the tub saying in a low tone of voice ... "Mistress
    Tamala is my owner. I will obey her at all times without hesitation and without
    any consideration for my own stupid body or feelings." As Suckle stepped
    into the hot water she felt like her skin was boiling ... but she was doing
    it ... "I must do what my Mistress tells me," Suckle was thinking to herself. "I
    must be willing to suffer for my beautiful Mistress."   
 Miss Tamala knew the water was
    not hot enough to do any permanent damage to Suckle's body. But she also
    knew it was hot enough, that under normal circumstances, a person would not
    be able to stand it on their skin. It also was hot enough to make Suckle's
    skin sting for a long time ... a reminder for her of her obedience. She watched
    her Suckle ... watched her obedient slave as Suckle's skin turned a bright
    red from the hot water ... from the bleach and soap mixture she had put in
    the water.   
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed
    at Suckle. "You look like a fucking chicken cooking in a pot. From now on
    you will take a 'bleach' bath at least once a day until your skin is porcelain
    white. When your skin gets to a shade of my liking, then I will decorate
    it the way I want it," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "Is that understood?"   
 "Yes, yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    answered without hesitation.   
 Miss Tamala was getting more and
    more aroused at Suckle's obedience. "Damn," she thought to herself, "it gets
    me so damn hot making this fucking bitch do whatever I tell her to do." The
    more Miss Tamala thought of some of the things she had in store for Suckle,
    the more aroused she got. As she watched Suckle 'cooking' in the hot water
    and soapy mixture, she reached down and rubbed her own pussy. It was dripping
    wet and she knew she would need some relief soon. After a good night's sleep,
    her body had been 'restored' from yesterday's activities and she was ready
    for the thrill of reaching an orgasm all over again.   
 Miss Tamala reached over to the
    leather bag she put down by the tub and took out a bottle of peroxide and
    a box of baking soda. She almost took out a very large brush that looked
    like a hard bristled brush used to scrub pots and pans. She took a clear
    glass, put it in front of Suckle's face so Suckle would have a clear view
    of what she was doing. Miss Tamala then poured in the peroxide and baking
    soda until it made a thick paste.   
 Suckle watched her Mistress intently
    as she mixed up the ingredients in the glass with the brush. Again Miss Tamala
    watched the frightened look on Suckle's face, the look that always brought
    new sensations deep in her pussy and made her hotter and hotter.   
 "Open your mouth wide slut," Miss
    Tamala told Suckle. "And keep it opened until I tell you different. I am
    going to scrub your piss drinking mouth out because I am going to use it
    for my own satisfaction soon."   
 Suckle obeyed immediately and without
    saying a word. It felt sexually good to obey her Mistress any more. It felt
    good deep in her pussy to open her mouth wide, just like her Mistress told
    her too. Suckle was really beginning to feel like a whore, like a slut, like
    her Mistress's slave, her plaything. And the more she felt this way, the
    more sexually aroused she became.   
 As Miss Tamala began to roughly
    scrub Suckle's mouth out and brush her teeth with the hard bristled brush,
    she kept talking to Suckle. Miss Tamala was reaching that high state of sexual
    arousal where her dominant orientation was taking control of her emotions.   
 "One of these days I will have
    all of your teeth removed," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "I think it would be
    fun to fuck your face and mouth even more if you didn't have any teeth. Don't
    you think so whore?" Miss Tamala was talking in that soft voice again, the
    voice she used when she was leading Suckle into new areas of submission and
    the voice that always almost seem to have a hypnotic effect on Suckle.   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle
    answered.   
 Miss Tamala smiled at Suckle. She
    put the glass and brush down and reached down and started pinching and pulling
    Suckle's nipples. She left the thick pasty mixture of peroxide and baking
    soda in Suckle's mouth. Immediately Suckle's nipples were erect. "This bastard
    is really getting to be a real slut," Miss Tamala thought to herself pleased
    with the effect she had on Suckle, her slave.   
 "Tell me what you think your Mistress
    would enjoy and have fun doing," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. She knew Suckle
    had agreed to her suggestion but it was more exciting hearing it from her
    own mouth and listening to her slave's voice. Besides, as Dr. Mary told her
    many times, 'make your slave say it in her own voice, since it enforces the
    thought strong in her mind when she says it in her own voice.'   
 "Miss Tamala would enjoy fucking
    my face and mouth more if I didn't have any teeth," Suckle replied in a lisping
    tone of voice that came from a mouth full of pasty mixture.   
 "And what is your Mistress going
    to do with your whore mouth," Miss Tamala said urging the sexually aroused
    Suckle on.   
 "Mistress Tamala is going to have
    all my teeth removed so I can be more pleasing to her and she can enjoy my
    face and mouth more," Suckle answered without hesitation.   
 "Damn," Miss Tamala was thinking
    to herself, "I wish Dr. Mary was here to see where I got this white whore
    this morning. She would be proud of me."   
 Miss Tamala took the glass, dipped
    it down into the dirty water that Suckle had been bathing in and filled it
    up. "Here, rinse your pig mouth with this," she said to Suckle handing her
    the glass. "Just spit the water back in the tub."   
 Suckle took the glass, and rinsed
    her mouth out a few times. The mixture of bleach water and soap tasted terrible
    in Suckle's mouth but she obeyed just as she was taught to obey. She repeated
    rinsing a few times because she wanted to make sure Miss Tamala would be
    pleased with her efforts.   
 "Turn around and lean your head
    over the side of the tub," Miss Tamala directed Suckle.   
 Suckle did as she was told to do.
    When she got in the position that Miss Tamala directed, her head was leaning
    over the tiled lip of the sunken tub. Her chest was pointed upward out of
    the water and her breasts and erect nipples were clearing visible and accessible.
    The tile material felt hard on her head. She looked up to see Miss Tamala
    removing her satin robe.   
 "You are in for a real treat this
    morning whore," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "You are getting the privilege of
    tasting both your Mistress's and Madame Mary's left over love juices from
    our lovemaking last night."   
 Suckle heard Miss Tamala and got
    excited. She had a good idea what this meant as she watched the dark legs
    of her Mistress separate. She watched as the darkness above her got closer
    and closer, the muscular dark thighs separate and encircle her head. She
    felt the first brush of the thick and course ringlets of Miss Tamala's pubic
    hair touch her face ... and it felt good to Suckle. The scent coming from
    just be on the black hairy mat was strong ... it was the scent of sex ...
    the scent the urged Suckle on and made her pussy tingle with excitement ...
    the scent that Suckle looked forward to anymore. "This is where my face and
    mouth belong," Suckle was thinking with her 'newly' implanted thought processes.
    She wanted so much to stick her tongue out, to taste her Mistress, to taste
    the 'treat' her Mistress told her she was giving her, the taste of the remains
    of the lovemaking she witnessed between her two beautiful Mistresses, her
    owners! But she didn't dare ... she was fully dependent on her Mistress now,
    she needed to wait for permission and further orders ... and they came.   
 As Suckle felt the wetness of Miss
    Tamala's outer pussy lips separate over both sides of her nose and press
    down toward her mouth, she got the first taste of Miss Tamala's abundant
    juices that dripped on her tongue. Suckle wanted more, more, more! Suckle's
    head was now totally buried in Miss Tamala's pussy, the thick black pubic
    hair almost engulfed her face, the soft, warm wetness of the inner pussy
    lips blocking her nostrils so she was having a hard time catching her breath.
    Suckle felt the full weight of Miss Tamala's ass on her forehead. Her head
    hurt against the hard tile, but her sexual desire was stronger ... she wanted
    to suck, suck, suck! She wanted to feel her Mistress shake and tremble from
    the pleasure her slave tongue was giving her. This is what Suckle lived for
    anymore ... to bring pleasure to her wonderful Mistress.   
 "You may suck now whore," Suckle
    heard Miss Tamala tell her. "But use your tongue slowly. This is my first
    orgasm of the day and I want it to last a long time before I cum. And keep
    your nose buried as far in my pussy as you can. I am going to use your nose
    like a little prick when I start to fuck your pig face," Miss Tamala continued
    telling Suckle in a highly aroused voice.   
 Suckle didn't hesitate any more.
    She had been in this position before and her Mistress had taught her well.
    She let her long tongue explore its surroundings. She took a bunch of the
    thick black ringlets of hair between her lips, sucking any of the old juices
    from the lovemaking of last night she found there. It felt wonderful to Suckle
    to feel Miss Tamala's pubic hair in her mouth. She let her tongue explore
    the outer pussy lips, then go inside to scoop up volumes of the thick hot
    nectar of her Mistress. She kept the juices in her mouth, then took another
    mouthful of pubic hair and pressed her lips together as though she was trying
    to make sure not one drop of juice she found there escaped. All the while
    she was very careful not to go anywhere near her Mistress's clit. She must
    wait for permission ... for permission to taste that delicious part of her
    Mistress ... the part she learned to suck like a pacifier.   
 The tension and urgency for release
    was building up fast in Miss Tamala. She would have liked to make it last
    a longer time but Suckle had learned her position so well ... her tongue
    was driving her to the brink. Miss Tamala pounded her ass cheeks hard against
    Suckle's forehead as she started the 'fucking' motion on Suckle's head. Suckle's
    nose felt really good buried deep in her pussy and it was serving as a little
    dildo ... a warm little dildo. Miss Tamala pounded so hard on Suckle's forehead
    with her ass a few times that she could hear the 'bang' of Suckle's skull
    on the tile. "Fuck the bitch," Miss Tamala thought to herself, "it feels
    good, too good to care about the bastard's head ... fuck her, fuck her." When
    Miss Tamala reached this state of arousal there was only one thing that mattered
    to her ... her satisfaction, her pleasure, her fun!   
 When Miss Tamala would pull her
    ass backward on the 'back' stroke on Suckle's head, her outer pussy lips
    would totally engulf Suckle's nostrils forcing an abundant amount of her
    juices up both nostrils. Suckle nose was 'stuffed,' her mouth was filled
    to overflowing and she began to swallow all of her Mistress's nectar.   
 Miss Tamala heard the sound of
    Suckle swallowing. She could feel her juices flowing like never before and
    she knew that Suckle was swallowing them. This excited Miss Tamala to the
    point of no return. She grabbed both of Suckle nipples between the forefinger
    and thumb of each of her hands. She pulled on them hard as though she was
    holding onto the 'reins' of a horse and she used Suckle's head and face like
    a saddle.   
 Now Miss Tamala was in full motion
    ... her ass banging on Suckle's forehead, the sound of Suckle's bouncing
    skull on the tile, the tongue of Suckle doing its job without any regard
    for the pain she felt every time her head banged against the hard tile. "My
    clit ... my clit ... go to my clit ... go, go, go," she yelled at Suckle. "That's
    it ... that's it ... suck, suck you motherfucker, suck ... suck like it's
    a pacifier ... yeah, yeah, yeah," Miss Tamala's sexual emotions and desire
    had taken over complete control of her body and her mind at this point.   
 Then like a bolt of lightning it
    came ... the highest peak and then over the top. "Yes, yes, yes ... oh shit,
    oh, oh ... yeah, yeah ... oh, you motherfucking whore ... you fucking slut
    ... that was good ... oh shit, that was great ..." Miss Tamala's 'fucking'
    gyrations on Suckle's head were slowing down as she reached an intense orgasm.
    But she didn't want to stop just yet. She rubbed her ass the whole length
    of Suckle's face, from her forehead down to her chin. When her ass cheeks
    separated over Suckle's nose, she felt Suckle's tongue come out. Miss Tamala
    stopped for a moment when her asshole was directly over Suckle's mouth. Suckle
    knew what to do. Miss Tamala felt Suckle's tongue go in between her ass cheeks.
    She felt Suckle lick up and down the crack of her ass ... and it felt so
    good. Just the thought of her 'slave' licking her ass stirred a feeling of
    'renewal' in her loins. Then she felt Suckle's tongue rimming her asshole
    ... go inside ... then out ... back in ... and out.   
 Miss Tamala took her ass away from
    Suckle's eager tongue and rested it on her forehead as she tried to recover
    from her intense orgasm. She was still breathing a little heavy as she relaxed.   
 "Good girl, good whore. I'm proud
    of your progress. You are beginning to make your Mistress proud to own you," she
    said to Suckle. "I should have installed your tongue stud before I fucked
    your face. But hell, we can do that later. After all, you aren't going any
    place ... ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala said in a light hearted mocking tone of
    voice. "Go ahead and masturbate yourself you fucking unsatisfiable pig."   
 Suckle's both hands went immediately
    to her own pussy. She loved to masturbate for her Mistress now ... loved
    the feeling of lewdness she felt go throughout her very being as she performed
    for her Mistress ... the one who owned her. She had earned a 'good girl,
    a 'good whore,' ... her Mistress told her she was making her proud to own
    her. Wasn't that what she wanted?   
 "Of course," Suckle thought to
    herself "that is what every good dedicated slave wants from their owner.
    To be obedient, to bring their owner pleasure and to entertain them in whatever
    way they were instructed to," Suckle continued thinking to herself.   
 The combination of the way Suckle's
    'new' mind was working and her masturbating herself was bringing her arousal
    to the peak. She was getting ready to cum ... to masturbate herself to an
    orgasm. She got that lustful smile on her face again ... the smile of someone
    who was so sexually high that the only thing in the world that mattered at
    this split second was their satisfaction ... their release.   
 In one last act of wantonness,
    of complete abandonment of her prior inhibitions, Suckle stretched her head
    over the side of the tub where her Mistress was kneeling while watching her
    masturbate. Without a word, and without any orders from her Mistress, she
    voluntarily opened her mouth wide ... as wide as she could in an effort to
    demonstrate to her Mistress just what a slut she had become.   
 Miss Tamala smiled at the sight
    of the total depravity of her white whore. She was bringing Suckle 'full
    circle.' There would never be any question or any doubt in Suckle's mind
    anymore. She knew where she belonged and who she belonged to.   
 Miss Tamala stretched over to put
    her face just above Suckle's wide opened mouth. Suckle looked at the beautiful
    bronze brown skinned face of her Mistress. She looked into the dark eyes
    of this very aristocratic lady. She watched as the red full lips of Miss
    Tamala began to squeeze together and her mouth moved as though it was gathering
    a large amount of salvia. Suckle's submissive heart was pounding as she watched
    the red lips part and the salvia come slowly out of her Mistress's mouth
    and pour down into hers. Suckle was once again tasting the very essence of
    her owner ... and she was becoming addicted to it. Just as the second large
    of amount of saliva came from Miss Tamala's mouth into hers, Suckle's body
    shook indicating that she had brought herself to a climax. Suckle had timed
    her orgasm perfectly. She came just as she was swallowing her Mistress's
    spit. It made her feel so bad, yet so good.   
 As Suckle's heavy breathing from
    her climax subsided and she was returning to a more relaxed state of mind,
    Miss Tamala reached over and 'puppy petted' her head. Back and forth Miss
    Tamala petted her slave's head and saw the almost puppy like look of gratefulness
    on Suckle's face.   
 "Good girl, good little piggy girl," Miss
    Tamala said to Suckle in a soft voice. "Now finish cleaning yourself up.
    Rub the bleach and soap mixture into your skin good so we can get your skin
    pure white. I want your skin as white as a ghost so I can dress you up like
    a porcelain doll. I always wanted a doll to play with ... a doll that I could
    play with and dress and decorate any way I wanted to. You my little fuck
    head, are going to fill that desire. Hurry up, we have a lot to do today
    and you have a lot more to learn."   
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala, yes, oh,
    thank you Mistress Tamala," Suckle emotionally and eagerly answered.   
 Miss Tamala picked up her robe
    and turned to leave the room. "I'm going to take a shower in my bathroom.
    Someday soon, I will teach you how to bathe and care for your Mistress's
    body. But right now, we have other things to do. When you are cleaned up,
    go over to the mirror and put your hands behind your head, elbows straight
    out from your body and look at your stupid face in the mirror until I come
    for you. Concentrate on becoming a good whore for your Mistress so I can
    be proud of you," Miss Tamala gave Suckle her final instructions as she left
    this bathroom.   
 Suckle was reaching the pinnacle
    of submissiveness. She 'hung' on every word from her Mistress's mouth as
    Miss Tamala told her some of the things she had to look forward to. It almost
    seemed like she couldn't wait to see how else she could make her Mistress
    proud of her. Suckle's mind was going in one direction anymore and it seemed
    like she was always in some degree of arousal. Just her Mistress's voice
    did that to her. "Fuck Lynn Langley," Suckle thought to herself with that
    little lustful smile on her face, surprising herself that she reached the
    point where she would be thinking such 'dirty thoughts' and saying such 'dirty
    words' under her breath. Then in a 'daring' impulsive instant, daring for
    Suckle, she said out loud so she could hear the words herself, "I would rather
    be Suckle, Mistress Tamala's and Madame Mary's whore!!!   
Chapter XVI---Suckle's Progess Pleases Mistress Tamala  
 As Suckle was scrubbing herself in the potent mixture of 'cleaning' agents
  Miss Tamala had put in Suckle's bath water, she took a minute to look around
  at her surrounding. The bathroom she was in was very large and very luxurious.
  It was very easy to tell this bathroom belonged to someone who was very wealthy.
  The marble tile work on the floor, walls and surrounding the sunken tub was
  obviously made of very expensive material and the African d&eacute;cor was
  extraordinarily beautiful and gave anyone in these surroundings the feeling
  of actually being in another country, maybe even in another time period. For
  some reason that Suckle didn't understand, the interior decorating of the bathroom,
  and the rest of the house she had seen so far, gave off an atmosphere of something
  that was forbidden and foreign to the average person. Mentally, Suckle felt
  as though she was a sort of 'captive' and had no control over being here, and
  yet she also felt as though she was very fortunate and had been given a special
  privilege just to be in these surroundings. All of these feelings contributed
  to 'lighting up' the submissive emotions running through her very soul.  
 Now, Suckle had been standing in front to the floor length mirror with her
  hands behind her head for what seemed like an hour. The back of her head was
  a little sore from being banged against the hard tile of the tub while Miss
  Tamala was 'fucking her face,' as Miss Tamala described it to her, and she
  still felt a little stinging on her ass that the riding crop had inflicted
  earlier. Her skin was tingling from the mixture of very hot water and the harsh
  soapy agents. Miss Tamala had left a towel made of a combination of 'jute'
  and 'hemp' on the floor next to the tub for Suckle to use to dry herself. Miss
  Tamala had explained to Suckle, that this type of 'towel' was used in Africa
  to wipe down animals and served to brush off any insects that resided on their
  skin. Trying to dry with a 'towel' made of this type of course fabric scratched
  Suckle's skin and was painful ... even more so because Suckle's skin was already
  tender from her 'bath.' Suckle was also instructed not to dry her hair but
  to just 'leave it soaking wet.'  
 Yet, as Suckle looked at her naked reflection in the mirror and was thinking
  of how excited she had made Miss Tamala, her wonderful Mistress, by using her
  tongue slowly and deliberately as she had been taught, she could feel that
  now familiar stirring deep in her loins that thoughts of this sort caused anymore.
  Being naked and fully exposed to Miss Tamala, her owner, made Suckle feel embarrassed
  and very inferior to her Mistress. Yet, again it also 'kindled' waves of excitement
  that flowed like an electrical current throughout her body. She even had a
  little smile on her face when she recalled the almost 'abandoned lust' Miss
  Tamala displayed as she took her Mistress's clit between her lips and sucked
  on it as though it was a 'pacifier' just before her Mistress reached her orgasm
  earlier.  
 Suckle found herself longing to feel the weight of Miss Tamala's ass on
  her forehead again ... to feel the coarse ringlets of pubic hair on her face
  along with the warmth and wetness she found between those wonderful dark muscular
  thighs. Suckle swore she could even now, standing in front of the mirror, smell
  the different scents of these most intimate places and surprised herself at
  her new capability of thinking these 'dirty' thoughts as she would have described
  them in her former life.  
 Out of the corner of her eye, Suckle saw Miss Tamala coming into the bathroom
  again. Suckle was startled to see how beautiful Miss Tamala looked. Miss Tamala
  had bathe, fixed her hair and dressed. She had on a very tight black leather
  skirt that came up at least three inches above her knees and showed a lot of
  those wonderfully built legs and thighs. She also wore a pure white tight blouse
  with ruffles starting at the collar and descending downward into the valley
  between her breasts exposing a lot of rich bronze brown cleavage. The black
  colored bra that encased her large breasts was clearly visible through the
  thin satin material of the blouse. She didn't wear any stocking but had on
  a medium height pair of opened toed black high heels. The toe nails were perfectly
  pedicured and highly polished in a rose red color to match her fingers nails
  and lipstick. Her shiny jet black hair was freshly combed out and was parted
  on the right side of her head and fell to the bottom of her neck. The jet black
  hair outlined the strong and stern beauty of her face, the large eyes that
  looked out at her from under the long black eye lashes, the high cheek bones,
  the full lips ... all perfectly makeup up.  
 Suckle took a deep excited breath as Miss Tamala approached her. She could
  feel her heart beating faster with anticipation. This was the kind of effect
  her Mistress had on her anymore. All of what Suckle used to think of as 'forbidden'
  emotions were visible and soaring through Suckle's psyche at the moment ...
  fear, excitement, appreciation, worship ... It was a feeling like Suckle had
  never experienced before in her young life.  
 "Come over here," Miss Tamala told Suckle as she walked over to the bathroom
  sink.  
 Suckle obeyed, shaking a little at the first stern sound of her Mistress's
  voice she had heard in over an hour. Suckle kept her hands on the back of her
  head and walked over to stand in front of Miss Tamala.  
 "Open your mouth," Miss Tamala told Suckle as she approached her.  
 Suckle didn't answer. Without any hesitation she just opened her mouth as
  ordered.  
 Miss Tamala turned the water faucet on in the sink, cupped her hand and
  put her cupped hand under the dripping water to catch some cold water in it
  to form a little puddle. She then placed two pills in Suckle's mouth. "Swallow
  these pills," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 The thought of asking Miss Tamala what the pills were for never entered
  Suckle's ever changing thought processes. The only thought that entered her
  mind was to 'obey' so she swallowed just as she was told. Of course, Miss Tamala
  never even considered telling Suckle what they were. Why should it ... she
  owned Suckle now and she could make Suckle do anything she wanted to. But Miss
  Tamala knew the importance of keeping Suckle totally submissive and degraded
  so she decided to 'play' with her mind some more.  
 "These pills contain a mild antibiotic," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Since
  you have been drinking our piss and eating a lot of our pussy juices, I want
  to make sure you stay healthy. A sick whore is no fucking good to me," Miss
  Tamala said to Suckle. Of course, as Miss Tamala spoke to Suckle, she always
  put an emphasis on words like 'fucking,' 'piss,' 'pussy,' and 'whore,' to refresh
  Suckle's mind with the realization of her submissiveness.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered, thrilled to have the chance to
  speak her Mistress's name once again, the submissiveness of her sexual orientation
  resurfacing at the sound of the derogatory terms Miss Tamala used when speaking
  to her.  
 Miss Tamala saw Suckle looking at the water in the cup of her hand. "Does
  my little doggy want some water?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle in that 'innocent'
  tone of voice as she led Suckle along reinforcing her submissive impulses.  
 "Oh, yes, Mistress ... please, yes," Suckle answered in a sincere desire
  for some of the precious liquid she had been denied for so long.  
 "Is that the way you were thought to 'beg' for food or any other item of
  nourishment that your Mistress places in front of you?" Miss Tamala said to
  Suckle, again stringing Suckle along.  
 "I ... Suckle ...," Suckle was trying to think of what she was supposed
  to do.  
 "Do I have to go get my whip?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle.  
 As soon as Suckle heard the mention of the whip she remembered the cat-o-nine-tails.
  She remembered Dr. Mary's instructions and the dog food. Suckle immediately
  started to wiggle her ass just as she imagined a dog would wiggle its tail
  ... and just the way Dr. Mary taught her last night. Then she waited for permission
  or some other sign to go ahead and drink.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed at Suckle. "See whore, even a dumb bastard
  like you can be trained with the use of a whip. Use your tongue to lap up the
  water in my hand," Miss Tamala ordered Suckle, again changing the sound of
  her voice back to the stern training sounding tone."  
 Suckle bowed her head and stuck out her tongue to 'lap' up the water from
  Miss Tamala's brown hand. While Suckle was 'lapping' up the water she noticed
  how the inside of Miss Tamala's hand was a lighter shade of color than the
  rest of her hand. It was almost a light cream color and contrasted beautifully
  with the rest of the darker shade of her skin. Maybe it was because Suckle
  had never had many African American friends before and had never been this
  close to a woman of color before but every day she was discovering more and
  more the beauty of someone of another race. For some reason, this contrast
  in color excited Suckle.  
 Miss Tamala repeated the process of getting water from the sink faucet,
  putting it in her 'cupped' hand and watched intently as Suckle lapped it up
  with her tongue. Miss Tamala smiled watching Suckle ... "just like feeding
  a pet," she thought to herself. "How nice," she continued thinking, rubbing
  her thighs together at the little stirring of awakening she felt there as she
  watched the 'workings' of Suckle's tongue.  
 The excitement Miss Tamala felt at making Suckle perform this 'puppy-like'
  act, spurred her on to think of other ways to demean Suckle. She had put a
  'high protein' power bar in her pocket with the intention of giving it to Suckle
  to get some nourishment in her body remembering Dr. Mary's admonishment to
  always keep your slaves as healthy as you can. Now, she had other ideas!  
 Miss Tamala took the power bar out of the pocket in her skirt. She unwrapped
  the paper and put the bar under Suckle's nose. She held it there for a few
  moments, moving the bar back and forth ... watching Suckle's reaction to the
  odor of food all the time.  
 The smell of the fresh protein bar sparked Suckle's senses. It was the first
  time she had smelled food, other then the dog food, since last night. Suckle
  remembered how the protein bar tasted the last time she had one with Piglet
  the morning of her 'orientation' which seemed so long ago now. She could feel
  the saliva in her mouth build up as she let her imagination soar thinking of
  how wonderful that food morsel being passed right under her nose would taste.
  It might as well been a steak as far as Suckle was concerned.  
 Suckle waited and waited ... waited some more to hear the words of permission
  to 'feed' come from her Mistress's lips. Nothing ... not a sound. Then Suckle
  remembered ... "damn," she thought to herself. "I have to wiggle my ass ...
  err, tail."  
 As soon as she wiggled her ass Miss Tamala began to smile. With her free
  hand she began to 'puppy pet' Suckle's wet head. "Good, good, my little animal," you
  are learning your lessons well and you are beginning to make me proud to own
  you," Miss Tamala told Suckle.  
 Of course Suckle was full of pride to hear these precious 'complimentary'
  words coming from the mouth of her Mistress while feeling the wonderful 'contact'
  of her hand 'petting' her head from front to back. Suckle responded by wiggling
  her ass even more, just like an excited puppy.  
 Miss Tamala took the protein bar away from under Suckle's nose. She broke
  the protein bar in half and dropped half of it on the floor. "Remove your hands
  from the back of your head and put them by your side," she said to Suckle as
  she moved the half of protein bar between her own feet.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied. As Suckle moved her hands from in
  back of her head she felt pain in her shoulders from her hands being in this
  position for so long a time. She let a little groan out as she started to move
  her arms. Finally she got both of her hands at the sides of her body. Miss
  Tamala watched every move Suckle made, pleased that Suckle did exactly as she
  was told to do and not a thing more.  
 "Move your shoulders around to get the stiffness out you dumb bitch," Miss
  Tamala instructed Suckle.  
 Suckle had been too afraid to make these movements on her own. Now she was
  being chastised and called a 'dumb bitch' because she had to be told what to
  do. But now that Suckle was accepting her 'new life' and her status as Miss
  Tamala's slave, she realized that she really depended on Miss Tamala to instruct
  her on even the most minor things to do.  
 "Fold your hands behind your back and look down at your nourishment on the
  floor," Miss Tamala told Suckle getting more and more aroused as she watched
  the bewildered look on Suckle face. "Damn," Miss Tamala thought to herself, "it's
  so much fun to have complete control of this bitch."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle as she complied with Miss Tamala's
  instructions.  
 "Now watch your nourishment being prepared for you by your Mistress," Miss
  Tamala said to Suckle as she stepped on the half of protein bar with the front
  part of her high heeled shoe crushing it again and again until it was in tiny
  pieces on the floor. Miss Tamala gathered up all the tiny pieces with the toe
  part of her shoes until they were between both of her high heeled feet.  
 Suckle watched as she was instructed not daring to pick her head up. As
  Suckle watched, she saw a big glob of something 'wet' drop into the crushed
  pieces of protein bar making a 'splatting' sound. It took Suckle only a minute
  to realize that Miss Tamala was spitting into the 'nourishment' on the floor.
  After a number of large globs of Miss Tamala's saliva had dropped into the
  crushed protein bar, Suckle watched again as Miss Tamala took the toe of her
  high heeled shoe and mixed the moisture in with the dry tiny pieces until she
  was satisfied it was of the consistency of her choosing.  
 "Your Mistress has prepared your nourishment piggy," Miss Tamala said to
  Suckle. "I've given you the privilege of tasting your Mistress's 'essence'
  mixed in with your feed. Besides, I want you to get used to eating soft feed
  because by practicing now it will serve you well when I have all of your teeth
  removed," Miss Tamala continued telling Suckle.  
 Suckle was visibly shaking at this point with small tremors shooting through
  her body. 'Feed' ... 'nourishment' ... never once did Suckle hear the word
  'food.' Miss Tamala had been referring to her as though she was an animal!
  And the description of 'having all her teeth removed' once again really shoved
  Suckle over the top with fear. But Suckle didn't get too much time to think
  before she heard her Mistress's voice again.  
 "Look into my eyes and beg for your feed whore," Miss Tamala told Suckle
  in that authoritative tone of voice.  
 Suckle didn't hesitate for a moment. She knew what was expected of her.
  Her 'training' kicked in almost instantaneously as she began to wiggle her
  ass. She saw and then felt Miss Tamala's hands on her breasts. Miss Tamala
  was making small circles on her nipples with the palms of her hands. Suckle's
  nipples were becoming engorged with excitement as she watched and felt the
  bronze brown hands of Miss Tamala manipulating them. Again the contrast of
  the brown hands with the beautifully manicured red finger nails against the
  whiteness of Suckle skin excited Suckle. As she looked into the large black
  eyeballs floating in the pure white background of Miss Tamala's eyes Suckle
  realized that she was losing all of her prior inhibitions from her former life.
  More than anything else in the world she wanted to please her Mistress. She
  craved to hear the simple words, 'good girl,' 'good whore,' or 'good piggy,'
  come from her Mistress's lips. But Suckle also knew from Miss Tamala's 'teachings
  and training' that she had to 'earn' her rewards.  
 With this thought in her mind, Suckle felt the sudden urge to do something
  extraordinary degrading to 'earn' a compliment from her Mistress. While continuing
  to wiggle her ass as she thought an excited dog would, she opened her mouth
  wide, struck her tongue out as far as she could and started to 'pat' and make
  the little tiny sounds of a dog begging for food. At first Suckle was afraid
  that she had done something on her own without the permission or instructions
  from her Mistress and might be punished for it. But then she saw the smile
  on Miss Tamala's face. In response to that smile Suckle was encouraged even
  more to make her 'yelping' sounds trying as hard as she could to imitate a
  dog begging for food.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed at Suckle. Miss Tamala laughed again and
  again at the sight of Suckle wiggling her ass and 'yelping' with her tongue
  extended down over the lower lip of her opened mouth.  
 "You motherfucking little cuntlapper," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in a very
  pleased sounding voice. "You're even more perverted than I could have imagined.
  You please me when you act like the slut you really are. Yes ... good, very
  good ... beg just like a puppy ... ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala continued laughing
  at Suckle as she stopped running the palms of her hands around Suckle's nipples.
  Now she took both of Suckle's engorged nipples between the forefingers and
  the thumbs of her hands. She pulled on them very hard letting her long polished
  fingernails dig into the flesh.  
 "Ohhh ...ahhh ..." the little whimpers came from Suckle's mouth in between
  the 'yelping' puppy-like sounds she was making. Suckle felt the 'fire' begin
  deep in her pussy. It matched the pain she felt from having her nipples pulled
  and dug into by her Mistress's fingernails. Even though she had cum and reached
  an orgasm just over an hour ago, she was beginning to get wet again. Suckle
  was pleasing her Mistress ... she was making her Mistress proud to be her owner
  and Suckle in turn, was over flowing with joy and submissive stimulation. Suckle,
  in her own mind, would do anything to see the smile of satisfaction on her
  Mistress's face. She would degrade herself in anyway to please her Mistress.
  This is what she lived for now.  
 Miss Tamala pulled Suckle's nipples as far outward as she could until Suckle's
  breasts almost completely changed shape from an oval shape to the shape of
  two 'cones.' Then as the nipples reached her maximum 'stretched' position she
  suddenly opened her fingers and thumbs and just let the nipples and breasts
  snap back into their prior shape.  
 "Now keep your hands behind your back and kneel down and eat the 'feed'
  your Mistress, in her generosity, has provided for you," Miss Tamala told Suckle,
  her voice changing back to that authoritative tone again. "Use only your mouth
  and your tongue you stupid bitch."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered. "Thank ... ah ... Suckle the whore
  thanks you, Mistress." Suckle was proud of herself for remembering to thank
  her Mistress just as Dr. Mary had taught her. She was also proud that she remembered
  to refer to herself as a 'whore' because she knew by this time that this pleased
  Mistress Tamala. And, oh, how Suckle wanted to please Mistress Tamala. Besides
  all this, Suckle derived a feeling of sexual satisfaction by acknowledging
  with the words coming from her own mouth, her 'new status' as Mistress Tamala's
  whore.  
 Suckle put her head down between the two high heeled shoes of her Mistress
  where Miss Tamala had moved the crushed pieces of the protein bar. Making Suckle
  eat her 'feed' from in between her feet would instill and reinforce Suckle's
  submissiveness in her mind. This was another technique Dr. Mary had taught
  Miss Tamala.  
 Suckle picked up the little pieces of 'moistened' protein bar with her lips
  and tongue, chewed on them and swallowed. She also was aware that the moisture
  mixed in with the protein bar was actually her Mistress's saliva, and of the
  high heeled feet close to her 'feed' and kept moving her eyes from side to
  side to look at them. Again, it excited Suckle to think that she was actually
  tasting the saliva that came from the beautiful mouth of her Mistress and to
  see the beautiful dark toes with their highly polished toenails protruding
  out from the toeless shoes.  
 Suckle was getting so aroused that she would have liked nothing better than
  to insert her fingers in her own pussy and masturbate herself. She would have
  enjoyed it even more if she could have 'sucked' on those beautiful toes while
  she masturbated. But Miss Tamala had other ideas.  
 Miss Tamala knew when Suckle got so sexually aroused she was like 'putty'
  in her hands, or, like Dr. Mary liked to describe it, Suckle's mind had turned
  to 'mush' and was very pliable. Miss Tamala was determined to keep Suckle in
  this state of mind. She had other plans for her today.  
 The half of crushed protein bar didn't make much 'feed' for Suckle and she
  finished eating rather quickly. Miss Tamala also was thoroughly aroused watching
  her 'whore' on her knees, her hands behind her back, eating the food from between
  her feet with her lips and tongue. But she also knew she must keep her own
  sexual needs 'in check' for the time being.  
 Suckle was finished, yet she kept her head between her Mistress's feet.
  She didn't have permission to do anything else so she waited patiently for
  some further direction from her Mistress.  
 Miss Tamala moved the toe of one of her feet to point to a few crumbs that
  had fallen in the grout indentations between the tiles of the floor. "Stick
  your tongue out and clean up the crumbs over here," Miss Tamala told Suckle
  tapping her toe to direct Suckle's mouth.  
 Suckle immediately obeyed, sticking her tongue out and running it between
  the tiles to make sure she had cleaned up all the crumbs.  
 "Now lick the tiles and make sure they are very clean. You must always make
  sure that my floor is absolutely clean you dumb fucking pig," Miss Tamala told
  Suckle in a louder instructional tone of voice. "You have no idea of how many
  of my things you will be cleaning with that whore tongue of yours."  
 Suckle again obeyed and felt a 'new' sensation of sexual awakening licking
  clean the tiles of her Mistress's floor. She even wondered what other 'things'
  she would be required to clean with her tongue. Somewhere deep in her newly
  discovered submissive mind, she briefly found herself wishing she could lick
  her Mistress's asshole clean ... and then, just as suddenly, she felt embarrassed
  to have thought such a 'dirty' thing. But Miss Tamala didn't give Suckle much
  time to think as Suckle heard the stern voice of Miss Tamala above her.  
 "Get the fuck up, pick up your toilet cans and follow me," Miss Tamala yelled
  at Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered, moving quickly to comply with Miss
  Tamala's orders. She picked up the cans marked 'piss' and 'shit,' carrying
  one in each hand and followed her Mistress keeping her eyes on and watching
  her beautiful swaying ass all the time ... just as her training had taught
  her.  
 Miss Tamala walked down the long hallway, down the stairs leading to the
  living room, then down another set of stairs leading to the basement. This
  was the first real chance Suckle had to observe her surroundings and to see
  another part of this beautiful house that her two Mistresses lived in by 'sneaking'
  some peeks here and there. Everything was beautifully decorated in African
  d&eacute;cor, and everything was perfectly in place and immaculate. It almost
  felt to Suckle like was in some kind of sanctuary. It gave her a weird feeling
  following her fully clothed Mistress in her naked state, one hand carrying
  a can with her 'shit' in it and another can with her 'piss' in it. She felt
  so humble ... like she was nothing, an animal, a pig, a whore! And yet, even
  this feeling of 'worthlessness' sent a shiver of sexual arousal through her
  body that finally settled deep in her loins.  
 As Suckle got to the bottom step leading down to the basement, she felt
  shivers run through her body. Suckle was somewhat familiar with this area of
  the house. This was where she was 'initiated' and 'introduced' into her submissive
  self. This is where Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary 'fucked her face' as she remembered
  them describing this act. She also remembered the bench like apparatus with
  the large black rubber penis attached that she was forced to stick in her pussy
  ... and she remembered how deeply and fast the electronic mechanism had pushed
  it in and out of her vagina. This was also where she was whipped so violently
  across the back when she failed to please Dr. Mary. All these thoughts flowing
  freely through Suckle's mind was building the small hot flame she felt in her
  pussy into a raging fire.  
 Miss Tamala led Suckle to the far end of the basement until they came to
  a corner with a door. It was very dark and there was a damp musky smell in
  this part of the basement. Miss Tamala opened the door and pulled on a chain
  extended from an open light bulb on the ceiling. When the light went on, Suckle
  saw a very small toilet and a very small sink. The room itself was very small
  with barely enough room for one person to fit in. The room was also very dirty
  as though it had not been cleaned in months, maybe even years. The toilet bowl
  had all types of stains inside of it with a thick dark ring at the edge of
  the where the water reached its maximum height in the bowl. It was very obvious
  to anyone looking at it, that it had not been cleaned for a long, long time.
  There wasn't even a toilet seat or toilet seat cover. The very small sink was
  just about in the same condition with bright orange rust stains running down
  the sides of what was once a white bowl.  
 Miss Tamala stepped aside of the opened door. "Get in pig," she said to
  Suckle. Suckle stepped inside the tiny room and immediately the musky and smell
  filled her nostrils taxing her sense of smell. Suckle carried her 'toilet utensil'
  cans inside the tiny room. The room was so small that Suckle could not help
  but stand in front of the commode. Suckle also could not help noticing that
  the commode was partially filled with excrement. Miss Tamala saw the somewhat
  startled expression on Suckle's face.  
 "That's your sister whore's waste from this morning," Miss Tamala said to
  Suckle. "This toilet is only flushed once a day. One of you will be appointed
  to this duty after your evening bowel movement."  
 Suckle swallowed hard when she heard Miss Tamala's clarification of the
  rules for use of this toilet facility. She again felt a new sense of derogation
  and it really heightened her sense of fear. But she didn't get too much time
  to think as she heard her Mistress's voice again.  
 "Empty your cans, wash them out and put them on the floor for now. Then
  wash your hands and follow me," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle said. Miss Tamala waited and watched Suckle
  closely. Suckle did as she was told. After she washed her hands, she looked
  for a towel to dry her hands. There was none. Then she looked for some type
  of tissue. There was none. Then Suckle remembered Miss Tamala instructions
  that she would not be allowed to use any toilet paper to wipe herself. Suckle
  was too frightened to question any of these proceedings so she just turned
  to follow her Mistress leaving her hands wet.  
 As Miss Tamala turned to lead Suckle away from this 'toilet facility,' she
  smiled to herself. This little toilet was the 'brain child' of Dr. Mary. It
  was just another way of lowering one of their 'acquisition's' self esteem and
  sense of worthiness. She could tell by the passive expression on Suckle's face
  that it indeed succeeded in obtaining the desired effect on Suckle's psyche.  
 As Miss Tamala led Suckle to the far end of the basement she saw the door
  to Dr. Mary's laboratory was opened. That's the direction they were apparently
  headed. Miss Tamala led Suckle into the 'office' area of Dr. Mary's laboratory
  where there was a large desk with a large leather chair behind it. There were
  also two small wooden chairs with straight backs in the room. Miss Tamala sat
  behind the desk.  
 "Bring one of those chairs over to the front of the desk and sit up straight
  in it. Put your hands on your thighs and keep your posture perfect, back against
  the back of the chair, shoulders pulled back with your breasts pushed outward.
  I never want to see you slouching, even when you are alone. You must always
  remember to make your Mistress proud to own you. By keeping your posture perfect
  at all times will impress me ... and you do want to impress me and make me
  proud, don't you whore?"  
 "Oh yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala. Suckle the whore wants so bad to impress
  you and make you proud to own me," Suckle answered in an aroused sounding voice. "Mistress
  Tamala's orders and directions are so explicit," Suckle was thinking to herself. "She
  is so intelligent and beautiful," Suckle continued thinking as she was satisfied
  that somehow she had pleased her Mistress by answering her question in the
  manner in which she had been trained. She even found herself wondering if she
  would be granted a 'reward' for being a 'good girl.'  
 But that was not to be ... at least not right now. Miss Tamala pushed the
  telephone in front of Suckle. "We have some business to take care of right
  now. Piglet told me that you had told her you were to call your dumb fucking
  fianc&eacute; every night after work," Miss Tamala told Suckle.  
 "Ahh ... ahh, yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied surprised at the mention
  of her fianc&eacute; who she had just about forgotten about since being under
  the control of Miss Tamala. Again Suckle was astonished at how easily Miss
  Tamala, who was highly educated, intelligent, and successful, could so readily
  use these derogatory and disparaging words to describe someone like she just
  applied to David, her fianc&eacute;.  
 Miss Tamala handed Suckle a typewritten sheet of paper. "Read this over," she
  said to Suckle. "I typed it while you were cleaning yourself and waiting for
  me. You will use the information on this paper to inform the stupid bastard
  about your job and to answer any questions he asks you. Do you understand?" Miss
  Tamala said in a very harsh tone of voice that Suckle knew by now indicated
  that her Mistress was very serious and not to be fooled with.  
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered in a shaky voice while reading
  from the sheet of paper she had been given.  
 "Good," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "You may have to improvise a bit but
  you're to follow the information I have given you. Use the paper as a guide.
  Don't you dare disappoint me."  
 "No, Mistress, no ... Suckle won't disappoint you Mistress. Suckle wants
  to be a good girl," Suckle answered in a sincere, almost pleading voice in
  response to the word 'good' that just came from her Mistress's lips.  
 Miss Tamala reached over and switched the phone to the 'speaker phone' setting
  so the conversation would be heard by both of them. "Now, dial the fucker's
  number," Miss Tamala told Suckle as she got up from her chair and walked around
  in back of Suckle's chair.  
 Suckle did as she was told. The phone only rang two times before it was
  picked up.  
 "Hello," Suckle heard David's voice for the first time in what seemed like
  an eternity.  
 "Hello, David?" Suckle answered.  
 "Lynn ... Lynn, where the hell have you been. I have been calling you all
  night. Late last night they told me you checked out of the motel and ..." David
  was talking fast in an excited tone of voice.  
 "David, wait ... David," Suckle tried to break in. It was so strange just
  to hear her 'old name' once again. Suckle had all she could do to keep from
  telling David her name was not 'Lynn' but rather 'Suckle.' The process of making
  Suckle repeat it over and over again, vocally and out loud when referring to
  herself was working just as Dr. Mary said it would.  
 "Lynn, damn, I was worried about you. You didn't even call or leave me a
  number to call you. What is ..., David again began to talk again.  
 "David, David, listen to me. I have something to tell you," Lynn replied
  looking at the sheet of paper from her Mistress to be sure to read what she
  was ordered to say. "I have the job and I am going out of the country on an
  assignment," Suckle told David.  
 "What, what the hell are you talking about," David shouted in the phone
  his voice loud enough to be heard throughout the room.  
 Miss Tamala smiled and put her hands over Suckle's shoulders, reached down
  and began to massage Suckle's breasts. She grabbed the twin globes in her dark
  hands and used her fingers to lightly squeeze them. After a few squeezes, she
  would take Suckle's nipples between her fingernail and thumb nail, pulled them
  outward and dig her nails in them. She repeated this process of stimulation
  over and over again as Suckle continued the conversation with David.  
 "I have an assignment that I can't say too much about right now because
  it concerns government contracts," Suckle said to David reading from the sheet
  of paper and trying to adjust her voice so it sounded 'normal,' a very difficult
  task with her Mistress squeezing her breasts and pulling and pinching her nipples.  
 "Lynn, what the ... Lynn, I don't understand. I thought ...," David tried
  to get some more words in but again Suckle cut him off.  
 "Listen David, I am about to catch my plane," Suckle said as she felt Miss
  Tamala leave go of her one breast, reach down and take Suckle's free hand from
  her waist and put it down between Suckle's legs.  
 Then Suckle felt Miss Tamala's hot breath in her ear as she whispered to
  her, "Play with yourself whore." Miss Tamala then returned her both hands to
  Suckle's breasts.  
 Suckle almost said 'yes Mistress' before she realized she was on the phone
  with David. Instead she inserted first one finger, then two fingers in her
  vagina and began a slow in and out motion. Miss Tamala again started the massaging
  and pulling of Suckle's breasts.  
 "Lynn ... Lynn did you say a plane?" David asked.  
 "Yes ... yes ... I'm catching ... oh, God ... I'm catching my ... my plane
  ... now," Suckle answered breathing rapidly from the workings of her fingers
  in her own pussy in coordination with Miss Tamala's manipulation of her breasts
  and nipples.  
 Lynn, you sound like you're out of breath. Is something wrong?" David's
  excited voice came over the speaker phone.  
 Miss Tamala almost burst out laughing, but she held it in. "The stupid fucking
  honky," she thought to herself. "If he could only see this white bitch right
  now."  
 "Yes ... yes," Suckle answered between little gasps of air, "yes, I'm running
  to catch my plane. That's why I'm breathing hard," Suckle had improvised this
  last answer. It wasn't on the sheet of paper containing her instructions.  
 "Listen Lynn, where can I reach you ... please Lynn ..." David continued
  trying to talk to Suckle.  
 "I'll call ... oh, oh, ... I'll call you when I get ... when I get a chance," Suckle
  finally got the words out, again in a highly aroused state and breathing even
  more rapidly as she was getting close to reaching the 'point of no return.'  
 "Hang up," Suckle heard Miss Tamala whisper in her ear.  
 Suckle immediately obeyed putting the phone back on the phone platform.  
 Immediately Miss Tamala grabbed the hand Suckle was using to masturbate
  herself and pulled it away. "Stop, you fucking rotten pig," can't you control
  yourself?" Miss Tamala shouted at Suckle.  
 Suckle was confused at this action by Miss Tamala. "After all," Suckle thought
  to herself, "Mistress put my hand there ... why is she yelling at me?"  
 Miss Tamala walked in front of Suckle's chair. "Put your hands back on your
  thighs and sit up straight. Push your face outward so I can see and reach it
  better," Miss Tamala told Suckle in that stern voice tone.  
 "Yes ... yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala ... Suckle is sorry Mistress," Suckle
  replied as she did as she was told still confused as to why her Mistress was
  displeased with her. Suckle wanted to defend herself verbally, explaining to
  her Mistress that she thought when Mistress Tamala put her hand between her
  legs she thought she had permission ... but she didn't make a sound! She remained
  silent and obeyed her Mistress's last order.  
 When Suckle had pushed her face outward she saw her Mistress's hand go above
  her head. Then in what seemed like a split second she felt the hard slap on
  her face first ... another split second and she heard the sound as Miss Tamala's
  hand as it made contact with her face. The slap was so hard it rocked the chair
  Suckle was sitting on almost causing Suckle to fall over. The pain from the
  slap seemed to sink deeply into Suckle's cheek and she immediately began to
  cry, her sobs filling the office they were in. Yet, even though Suckle was
  feeling this pain on her face, even though her sobs were loud enough to be
  heard, somehow her thought processes told her to put her face back in the position
  her Mistress had ordered.  
 Miss Tamala smiled at the 'robot-like' obedience of Suckle. Her hand stung
  from slapping Suckle's face. As she watched the bright redness build up on
  Suckle's face from the slap and as she watched Suckle, obviously in pain, push
  her face out again in obedience she could feel the wetness starting to flow
  deep in her vagina. Miss Tamala loved this part of her control over Suckle.
  She loved to bring Suckle to the brink of an orgasm and then deny her release.
  She even loved the see the tears flowing down Suckle's pretty white face making
  the redness there brighter and even more visible.  
 "Again I will tell you ... you are never, never to cum without my permission.
  Do you understand that clearly now you uncontrollable little slut?" Miss Tamala
  yelled again at Suckle.  
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle understands. "But ...," Suckle again
  thought about trying to explain to Miss Tamala that she really thought she
  had been given permission to masturbate ... but again she remained silent.
  Suckle knew there was no use. "After all," Suckle thought to herself, "her
  beautiful Mistress is never wrong. How could she be? Wasn't she intelligent,
  successful and beautifully strong? No, no," Suckle continued thinking to herself, "it's
  me ... it's stupid me ... I am just too dumb."  
 "Suckle is sorry Mistress Tamala ... Suckle the whore is sorry she is too
  dumb to understand Mistress Tamala ... please Mistress, please forgive Suckle
  ... ah, Suckle the dumb whore," Suckle was pleading with Miss Tamala in a tearful
  and sincere voice.  
 Again Miss Tamala was ecstatic to see her young and pretty slave begging
  for her forgiveness and using her own words trying as hard as she could to
  please her Mistress. It was the most sincere begging she had heard or seen
  from Suckle yet and it thrilled her to watch the disintegration of Suckle's
  will and character. She could feel the wetness dripping from her vagina and
  it was all she could do to control herself. She picked up a few tissues, grabbed
  Suckle's hair and pulled her head back. Then she roughly started to wipe the
  tears from Suckle's face.  
 "Stop crying stupid," she commanded Suckle. "We still have a lot of business
  to take care of.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered trying as hard as she could to hold
  her tears back. It took a few more minutes for Suckle to get herself under
  control. When Miss Tamala had dried her face, Suckle sat back up in the chair
  with her back against the back of the chair, her breasts pushed out and her
  hands on her thighs. Miss Tamala returned to the chair on the other side of
  the desk. She opened one of the drawers and pulled out a very long tee white
  shirt with the words 'dumb cunt' written on the front in large black letters.  
 "Read what this tee shirt says and then put it on," Miss Tamala said in
  a stern voice, "I am getting sick of looking at your puny excuse for a body."  
 "Yes, Mistress," Tamala said as she reached for the tee shirt and read what
  it said on the front.  
 "Read what it says on front out loud," Miss Tamala ordered Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle. "It says 'dumb cunt,' Mistress.  
 "Do you think it appropriately describes you?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered feeling the embarrassment of her
  acknowledgement of this demeaning name seep through her very being.  
 "Then continue putting it on," Miss Tamala told Suckle.  
 Suckle obeyed. The tee shirt fell over Suckle's shoulders and fell downward
  until it reached the top of her thighs. Then she returned her hands to her
  now covered thighs. Suckle was surprised when she saw Miss Tamala pick up a
  card board box and empty its contents on the almost bare desk top. The box
  contained almost all of Suckle's personal belonging. Even the contents of her
  purse had been emptied on the desk top. The only furnishing left was her wallet.
  Now Suckle watched again as Miss Tamala emptied her wallet on the desk top.
  Out fell her driver's license, credit cards, pictures and business cards. After
  Miss Tamala was satisfied the wallet was emptied, she threw the wallet back
  into the box.  
 Miss Tamala opened another desk drawer and pulled out a pair of scissors.
  She placed them in front of Suckle, got up from her desk, picked up a waste
  basket, walked around the desk and placed it in front of Suckle. Then she returned
  to the opposite side of the desk.  
 Miss Tamala began going through the contents on her desk. She pushed Suckle's
  lipstick, perfume, and a few other cosmetics in front of Suckle.  
"Throw this junk in the basket," she told Suckle. "I will decide what kind
  of makeup, if any, you wear."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," answered Suckle as did as she was told dropping
  the items in the waste basket.  
 Next Miss Tamala laid out a number of pictures in front of Suckle that had
  been in her wallet. "Tell me who these people are," she ordered Suckle.  
 Suckle bend over the desk. "This one is my girlfriend Maria. This one is
  me and David. This one is David's class picture. This one is a picture of my
  Mom and Dad," Suckle was saying as she described the pictures one by one to
  her Mistress.  
 Miss Tamala picked up the picture of Maria. The picture was taken from the
  waist up. "This fucker looks like she could have the makings of a good whore
  for me," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Do you think she would make a good cunt
  lapper like you whore?" Miss Tamala continued, changing the tone of her voice
  more to a teasing sound now. She was enjoying making Suckle think of herself
  as a 'cunt lapper' and making her think of her girlfriend in this same manner.  
 "I ... I don't know Mistress," Suckle answered.  
 "I ... I ... is that what I heard?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle chastising
  her somewhat in a little louder voice.  
 "I ... I mean ... ah ... Suckle is sorry Mistress. Suckle doesn't know Mistress," Suckle
  replied realizing her mistake.  
 "Suckle doesn't know what," Miss Tamala strung Suckle along, making her
  'vocalize' as Dr. Mary had taught her.  
 "Ah ... ah ... Suckle doesn't know if ... ah ... if Maria would ... ah ...
  if Maria would be a good ... ah ... a good cunt lapper like me ... ah ... like
  Suckle ... I mean like Suckle the whore," Suckle found herself struggling to
  put her answer to her Mistress's question in the form her Mistress expected
  it.  
 Miss Tamala was pleased watching Suckle struggling to learn what was expected
  of her. "Damn," Miss Tamala thought to herself. "It is so much fun training
  this bitch. I wish Dr. Mary was here to watch."  
 "Cut it up and throw it in the waste basket," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "Her
  lips are too thin anyway. I don't think she could get a good grip on my clit
  with those thin lips."  
 Suckle picked up the scissors and cut up Maria's picture. Again Suckle found
  herself getting slightly aroused at the ease with witch these 'crude' words
  flowed so freely from her Mistress's beautiful lips.  
 "Cut up the picture of you and David," she said to Suckle.  
 Suckle obeyed throwing the cut up pieces in the waste basket.  
 "Your mother and father have passed on, haven't they," Miss Tamala asked
  Suckle trying to make sure the research she had done on the old 'Lynn Langley'
  was correct.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered.  
 "Cut up the picture. It's time to move on," Miss Tamala said. "You belong
  to me now anyway. Your Mistress and owner should always be the only one on
  your mind. Do you understand?"  
 "Oh yes, Mistress Tamala. Suckle understands," Suckle answered.  
 "I'm going to save this class picture of David. He looks stupid to me. When
  you make your evening bowel movement, you will put this dumb picture in your
  shit can and shit on it," Miss Tamala said. "I think that would be an appropriate
  end to that relationship."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered finding herself a little shocked
  at what she was being told to do with David's class picture. Suckle also found
  herself amazed at the way her Mistress's thought processes worked. "Who else
  in the world would think of making me shit on my fianc&eacute;'s picture," Suckle
  thought to herself. And yet, just the thought of completing this 'task' on
  the orders of her beloved and beautiful new owner made the little submissive
  'trigger' go off in Suckle's mind adding to her feeling of arousal. Suckle
  wasn't sure if it was the thought of actually shitting on David's picture or
  the act of obedience to her Mistress in doing this that made that trigger go
  off.  
 Miss Tamala put Suckle's driver's license and credit cards in her desk drawer
  without any explanation. Of course, Suckle didn't expect any explanation. Her
  Mistress could do any thing she wanted to do at any time without explanation
  to anyone. The only thing left on the desk after Miss Tamala had thrown Suckle's
  remaining purse items away was a small medicine bottle. Miss Tamala was well
  aware that this bottle contained Suckle's birth control pills.  
 "And what is in this bottle?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle as though she didn't
  know.  
 "Ah, they are ... ah, my ... ah, Suckle's birth control pills," Mistress
  Tamala," Suckle replied.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed. "Throw the fucking things away whore," Miss
  Tamala said in a laughing tone of voice. "I will decide when to breed you.
  And I can guarantee you right now, you dumb slut, it won't be any normal breeding.
  Dr. Mary takes frequent trips to Africa and always expressed a desire to see
  a white girl bred by some of the native people who still live deep in the jungles
  there. I think I would like to witness that too. I think watching you getting
  bred in that fashion would be very exciting for me, don't you think?" Miss
  Tamala said to Suckle as though she was holding a everyday type of conversation.  
 "Oh, yes ... ah ... yes," Suckle was trying to answer and yet she was terribly
  frightened. Even her lips were trembling as she tried to absorb what Miss Tamala
  had just told her. "Bred ... Africa ... Natives ..." Suckle was trying to think
  of what that meant. "Would Mistress really do that?" Suckle continued thinking
  to herself.  
 Miss Tamala watched Suckle intently. She watched Suckle's lips trembling
  and the little tremors of fear shake her body slightly. "It is so delicious
  taking the last little bit of willpower and self esteem from this pretty little
  white bastard," Miss Tamala was thinking to herself. She felt the force of
  her dominant power surge through her body as she rubbed her thighs together
  hardly able to control her arousal watching her young frightened slave.  
 "Are you too stupid to answer?" Miss Tamala asked Suckle in a louder tone
  of voice snapping Suckle out of her thoughts.  
 "No, no, ... ah, no, Mistress Tamala ... ah ...  
 "Well," Miss Tamala interrupted Suckle stumbling voice.  
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala, yes, Suckle thinks it would be very exciting
  for her Mistress to see Suckle bred by natives in Africa," Suckle replied without
  stumbling on a word this time.  
 Miss Tamala got a big smile on her face. The training of Suckle was making
  astounding progress and Miss Tamala was pleased. She was tempted to get up,
  pull her panties down and fuck Suckle's face right there she was getting so
  aroused. Miss Tamala longed to feel Suckle's tongue again, to feel her lips
  take her clit in between them, to suck just as she had taught her. Her body
  was alive with the electrical currents of arousal pulsating deep in her vagina.
  But she kept her self control. There were other things she had planned for
  this morning.  
 Instead Miss Tamala got up and walked around the desk to stand in front
  of Suckle. Suckle braced herself because she felt sure she was about to be
  punished for something again. "Probably a slap in the face," Suckle thought
  to herself, her face still feeling the effects of the last slap. She pressed
  her lips together trying to brace herself for what ever was to come. Suckle
  wasn't looking up at the towering Miss Tamala. Instead she kept her face pushed
  outward but diverted her eyes so she didn't have to look into her Mistress's
  face.  
 Miss Tamala reached down with her hand cupped Suckle's chin and tipped her
  head upward. "Look into my eyes little piggy," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in
  a very gent tone of voice. "You would do anything for your Mistress, wouldn't
  you ... anything in the world that would bring me pleasure and excitement ...
  wouldn't you little white whore," Miss Tamala continued.  
 Suckle felt a feeling of tenderness sweep over her at her Mistress's gentle
  sounding voice and the feel of her beautiful bronze brown hand under her chin.  
 "Yes ... oh, yes, yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered feeling a wave
  of excitement in this, another moment of surrender. "Suckle would ... oh, yes
  ... Suckle would do anything for you Mistress Tamala," Suckle continued in
  a tone of voice that left no doubt she sincerely meant every word she said.  
 "Good, very good girl ... your Mistress is very happy with the way your
  'education' is progressing ... very, very pleased," Miss Tamala said as 'petted'
  Suckle's still damp head. Then Miss Tamala bent over and kissed Suckle on the
  forehead again.  
 Suckle was blissful again. She found it hard to believe she had gotten so
  many compliments from her Mistress. "Good girl, very good girl," the words
  were filling Suckle's submissive mind and triggering all her submissive emotions. "And
  a kiss on the forehead too," she thought to herself.  
 "My Suckle the whore has been such a good girl that I'm going to dress you
  and take you out for breakfast," Miss Tamala said to a still blissful Suckle. "You
  are going to meet two of my very good friends. Their names are Mistress Lyric
  and Master Rudee. See little piggy," Miss Tamala continued, "your Mistress
  told you obedience brings rewards."  
 Again Suckle was delightfully surprised. Suckle no longer felt like a young
  twenty-six year old attractive woman, a law student about to enter her last
  year of law school and just about to find her place in the world. Now, in front
  of this beautiful, strong African American woman, the woman who had taught
  her to taste and worship at all her 'secret' places, the woman who had brought
  discipline into her life ... now she felt like a little child who had been
  given a 'good grade' by her teacher.  
 "Let's see if that little dumb brain of yours can remember how to say thank
  you," Miss Tamala said to Suckle her voice changing into the 'teacher' mode
  again. Miss Tamala turned so her ass was just a few inches from Suckle's face.
  She pulled down her panties and pulled up her skirt. Then she waited ...  
 It was only a moment before she felt Suckle's hot breath on her left ass
  cheek. Then she felt Suckle's lips kiss that cheek and linger for just a moment.
  Then she felt Suckle's hot breath on her right ass cheek, then the hot lips.
  Still Miss Tamala didn't move ... she just waited. She wanted to see how well
  Suckle learned to pay her 'respect' to her. She didn't have to wait long. She
  felt Suckle's breath in the vicinity of her ass cheeks, then felt her nose
  press between her ass cheeks ... then the lips, the lips of her 'student,'
  her 'intern' ... then the hot wet tongue push against the 'rosebud' and in
  ... and out ... and in and out ....  
 As soon as Suckle's nostrils picked up the scent of Miss Tamala's ass she
  was in another world. The more she pushed her nose between the ass cheeks the
  stronger the scent got and the stronger the scent got the more Suckle knew
  she was reaching the 'secret' place ... a place not many white girls her age
  got to explore. As she felt her Mistress's big brown and warm ass cheeks envelop
  her face she could resist no longer. She kissed, and then sucked with her tongue
  ... just the way she was taught ... in and out ... in and out. Given the choice,
  Suckle felt like she could stay here forever, especially when she heard her
  Mistress's moans and whimpers of pleasure her 'sucking' was causing. How Suckle
  loved to bring her Mistress pleasure. But after a few minutes she felt Miss
  Tamala pull away.  
 "Come with me little dumb cunt," Miss Tamala said reading from the printing
  on the tee shirt Suckle wore, "it's time for me to dress you up like my little
  white doll and let you meet my special friends," Miss Tamala said.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle as she followed her Mistress in obedience.  
Chapter XVII---Miss Tamala dresses Suckle for her Public 'Outing'  
 Before Miss Tamala and Suckle left the office, Miss Tamala had put Suckle's
  'choker collar' around her neck and attached the leash. She now led Suckle
  back through the basement and up the stairs to the first floor. This choker
  chain and lease apparatus was important in Suckle's training or 'education'
  as Miss Tamala was fond of calling it, to instill the feeling of 'ownership'
  and 'servitude' in Suckle's mind.  
 As Suckle was led down the open hallway leading to the stairs to the second
  floor the odor of incense filled the air. Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had an automatic
  incense dispenser that was 'timed' to ignite and dispense its sexually intoxicating
  fragrance at certain times during the day and night. Dr. Mary had acquired
  the automatic incense dispenser from a 'high priestess' while on one of her
  trips to Africa. Supposedly, according to the 'high priestess' the fragrances
  which came with the incense dispenser were specifically 'hand dipped' using
  secret ingredients to 'set the mood' for sexual activities.  
 Suckle, while following her Mistress down the long open hallway leading
  to the steps going up to the second floor had another opportunity to view this
  portion of this beautiful house. Again she noticed that every thing was immaculate
  and in order. On the one wall facing the large black leather sofa was a very
  large tapestry, at least eight feet by eight feet in length and width that
  was illustrated with perfectly painted masks that were used in African ritual
  traditional dances. On either side were long spears and arrows. In the corner
  of the room were two large high back, hand carved chairs that had figures of
  'native' women with large bare breasts and short straw skirts carved into the
  rich dark wood. Next to these chairs were an assortment of different drums
  carved of ebony, an Ethiopian Cross and the bell and bust of a Ugandan woman.
  The drums had an assortment of vases and candles on them. Some of the vases
  contained large brilliantly colored peacock feathers.  
 On the opposite wall were two very large hand painted portraits. They measured
  at least six feet in height and four feet in width. One portrait was of Dr.
  Mary and the other was of Miss Tamala. Both seemed to be wearing some sort
  of 'horse riding' clothing complete with black riding hats and pleated pants
  that narrowed to a skin tight fit just above the calves of their legs and then
  disappeared into very shiny black riding boots. Both of women in the portraits
  were holding a 'riding crop' that Suckle immediately thought might be the same
  riding crop that Miss Tamala had whipped her with in the bathroom.  
 The 'African d&eacute;cor' now intertwined with the odor of incense made
  Suckle once again feel as though she was in a sanctuary or temple of some sort.
  The combination or these two elements assisted in making Suckle's memory of
  her 'former life' fade deeper and deeper into the past. This was another in
  Dr. Mary's carefully thought out plans to 'enslave' and to take control of
  the minds of those people of her choosing.  
 Miss Tamala knew that although Suckle was supposed to keep her eyes on her
  ass as she walked, she was 'sneaking' peeks at her surroundings. "Fine," Miss
  Tamala thought to herself, "let her get a good look." As soon as Miss Tamala
  was certain that Suckle was looking at the twin portraits, she slowed the walking
  pace down to let Suckle 'linger' a bit longer.  
 Suckle let her eyes drop down to the large three foot by three foot enlarged
  and framed picture that was centered just below the two portraits. It was of
  a young white woman on both hands and knees. The woman in the picture had a
  small 'riding saddle' on her back complete with 'stirrups.' Her two front hands
  were encased in gloves that looked, for all practical purposes, to be a horse's
  hooves. Her hair had been pulled back and combed out to resemble some sort
  of 'mane.' Her mouth contained a 'bit' set that was attached to a 'leather
  bridle.' 'Reins' from the bridle were tied back at the saddle on her back.  
 Then Suckle was really shocked. A longer and closer look made Suckle realize
  that the woman in the picture with all the 'riding gear' was Ann ... or 'Piglet'
  as she was now known. A look of pure astonishment covered Suckle's face as
  she wondered if something like that was in store for her. Yet, the more she
  looked at the enlarged photograph of Piglet, the more the first feelings of
  fear dissipated and were replaced with a feeling of mild stimulation that pulsated
  through her body and lingered in her loins. She let her mind wander as she
  envisioned Miss Tamala or Dr. Mary 'riding' her like a horse. At this point
  in her 'education,' Suckle was unaware of just why the portraits of her Mistress
  and Dr. Mary, the photograph of Piglet and the deep fragrance of incense in
  these strange surroundings made her feel somewhat excited. All she knew is
  that if she had the chance or if she had permission she would have liked to
  masturbate herself while looking at this strange display of portraits and pictures
  on the wall.  
 Miss Tamala was very efficient in what she was doing. She could tell by
  the look on Suckle's face that she was a little 'turned on' by all that she
  observed. And, this is exactly the state of mind Miss Tamala wanted Suckle
  in right now.  
 Miss Tamala, after speaking to Dr. Mary, decided to take Suckle to a breakfast
  brunch. This would be Suckle's first 'public debut' in her position as a slave
  to Miss Tamala. Dr. Mary was confident that Suckle's training had progressed
  so well that there would be very little risk in exposing her to friends. Miss
  Tamala wasn't so sure. But she deferred to Dr. Mary's judgment since she was
  the psychiatrist and the 'expert.' Miss Tamala loved to show her friends the
  power she had over her 'subjects.' She could feel the wetness between her legs
  just thinking of it. Now, as she led Suckle up the stairs by the lease fasted
  to the choker chain around her neck, heading for the 'dressing' room she felt
  herself breathing a little heavier as the thoughts of what was to come raced
  through her mind.  
 Miss Tamala opened the door to the dressing room and pulled hard on the
  lease. The choker chain did its work as it bit into the softness of Suckle's
  neck making her stumble a little.  
 "Get in," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle as she pulled on the lease.  
 The dressing room measured fourteen feet by twenty feet. There was one window
  on one wall, two closets filled two walls, and the other wall was finished
  into a little cove that contained a three-way floor to ceiling mirror. When
  you looked straight ahead you would see your front view. The slightly curved
  sides of the cove gave one a right and left side view. The small cove also
  contained a dressing table and a stool for sitting.  
 "Sit on the stool motherfucker," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Your Mistress
  is about to make you up and dress you."  
 Again the few minutes of silence during the trip from the basement to the
  second floor was broken by the derogatory names Miss Tamala used on Suckle.
  And again, Suckle felt that feeling of inferiority go through her thought processes.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle as she sat on the stool, remembering
  to keep her back straight, shoulders pulled back and breasts pushed outward.  
 Miss Tamala reached down to the dressing table and picked up a large comb
  and brush. She parted Suckle's damp hair in the middle, then combed and brushed
  her hair into six equal braids on each side of Suckle's head. The braids hung
  down to Suckle's neckline. Miss Tamala then began to apply Suckle's makeup
  using a small amount of a foundation that was a 'pasty' white in color. Suckle's
  complexion was perfect and the foundation was only used as a base for the rest
  of the makeup to come.  
 "As soon as I get your skin pure white with your "bleach baths' this will
  even be more fun for me," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "I love dolls and you
  are going to be my 'live' and 'breathing' doll.  
 Suckle didn't even know how to reply to this statement by Miss Tamala. Instead
  she just watched in the mirror as her Mistress finished applying her makeup.
  Miss Tamala applied a very light shade of bright red eye shadow after carefully
  picking out the color by first holding the color up to Suckle's skin. Then
  she applied Suckle lipstick. She used a makeup pencil outlining Suckle's lips
  in a shape that she desired. The shape was extended above Suckle's normal lip
  line and appeared to be in the shape of a 'heart.' Next, Miss Tamala filled
  in the 'outline' with a bright red lipstick to match Suckle's eye shadow.  
 Suckle was transfixed with her image in the mirror as she watched the drastic
  change taking place right before her eyes. She watched as Miss Tamala took
  some bright red rouge and made two distinct red circles on her face cheeks
  that covered at least two inches of her face.  
 Suckle was indeed beginning to look like a child's doll. She could see Miss
  Tamala's reflection in the mirror and could see the pleased smile on her face.
  There was no doubt in Suckle's mind that her Mistress was enjoying herself
  making Suckle up just as she chose to. And Suckle could feel the little fire
  in the pit of her own stomach ignite shooting little sparks of excitement deep
  within her vagina. Suckle wasn't sure if it was the image of herself in the
  mirror or the fact that her Mistress was 'having her way' with her that excited
  her but at this point she really didn't care ... she just knew the arousal
  was there!  
 "Take your tee-shirt off dumb cunt," Miss Tamala said to Suckle, mocking
  the printing on the tee-shirt she had made Suckle wear. "And be careful not
  to mess up your make up or you will get a good whipping on your skinny ass.
  Soon I'll have your ass twice the size it is now. Then it will give me an ample
  target to practice my marksmanship with my whip."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied, the words 'skinny ass' reverberating
  through her mind. This was the first time Suckle had ever heard this part of
  her body referred to in this manner. This was the second time Suckle heard
  her Mistress say that she was going to 'fatten up her ass' and she wondered
  what she would look like with a fat ass. Then she remembered the images of
  Mistress Katrina's slave ... she remembered how Mistress Katrina had bragged
  about her achievement in making her slave's ass so fat. Suckle was filled with
  a mixture of fear and excitement. But she didn't get much time to think when
  she heard her Mistress's voice again.  
 "Stand up and put this on," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. Miss Tamala had
  gone to one of the closets while Suckle was removing her tee-shirt. Now she
  was standing in front of Suckle with a very short, bright red pleated skirt
  and handed it to Suckle. Miss Tamala also had numerous other pieces of clothing
  with her.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered as she got up from her stool. Suckle
  stepped into the skirt. When she had it on, it came about four inches above
  her knees and displayed a generous amount of her thighs.  
 "Hold this slut," Miss Tamala said to Suckle as she handed her a white silk
  slipper-over blouse. Suckle didn't reply, she just took the blouse she was
  handed. Miss Tamala picked up a tube of lipstick, encircled the base of one
  of Suckle's breasts in her hand squeezing it tight to make the nipple protrude
  out and then applied a thick coating of the bright red lipstick to Suckle's
  entire nipple. She did the same to the other breast and nipple. "Don't worry
  little pig," Miss Tamala continued talking to Suckle as she finished applying
  the lipstick. "It's water proof and non smearing. It can only be removed with
  make-up remover."  
 The thoughts of the lipstick's properties didn't even enter Suckle's mind.
  But the hard 'squeezing' of her pure white breasts by her Mistress's beautiful
  bronze brown hand, the application of the cold lipstick on her nipples and
  the image and feeling of her breasts being squeezed and manipulated in this
  manner in the mirror had a profound effect on Suckle's psyche as she felt her
  vagina begin to flow freely. She squeezed her thighs together very slowly in
  an attempt to gain some self control ... or was it relief!  
 Miss Tamala never missed a 'trick.' She saw the effect this all had on Suckle
  and even saw her pull her thighs together very slowly. She saw Suckle's nipples
  stiffen which was made even more obvious because of the way the lipstick accentuated
  their prominence.  
 "Fucking bitch," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Dr. Mary is right about you.
  You are the most uncontrollable little pig I have ever seen. You have a filthy
  mind, you damn scumbag. Look what the fuck you do to me," Miss Tamala shouted
  at Suckle in a tone of voice that feinted anger.  
 Suckle put her head down. Miss Tamala's loud voice really frightened her
  and she felt like crying as her self esteem sank to a new low by the stinging
  demeaning words Miss Tamala shouted at her. But Suckle didn't cry. She held
  it back afraid that if she cried she would be punished and her face was still
  a little sore from the slapping her Mistress had given her earlier.  
 "I'm ... Suckle is ... Suckle is sorry Mistress Tamala ... ah ... Suckle
  is sorry she is such a pig, Mistress," Suckle struggled getting the words out
  because she wasn't sure her Mistress would accept her apology.  
 Miss Tamala smiled to herself being careful to not let Suckle know she was
  pleased at how easily Suckle 'admitted' and 'acknowledged' her 'status.' Miss
  Tamala knew without a doubt that Suckle's mental state now would accept anything
  her Mistress told her as 'fact' or, for that matter, called her. She knew Suckle
  now really believed herself to be a whore, a pig, or anything else her Mistress
  wish to tell her she was. Suckle looked like a little 'fawn' with her head
  bowed down in shame, the red circles of rouge on her face cheeks and her lips
  'painted' in the shape of a heart ... and it was really turning Miss Tamala
  on ... she was reaching the 'boiling' point.  
 Miss Tamala took one of Suckle's hands. She led the hand under her black
  leather skirt and down inside of her silk panties. Immediately Suckle felt
  the how wet the course black ringlets of pubic hair were ... and immediately
  Suckle's heart started to beat faster. Her hand felt like a prisoner caught
  in between the tight silk material of Miss Tamala's panties and the wet pubic
  hair. Miss Tamala let Suckle's hand in that position for a little while.  
 "Pick up your head and look into my eyes," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "See
  how wet your Mistress is?"  
 Without saying a word Suckle obeyed. This is when Suckle's was at her most
  vulnerable point. The large black eyes of her Mistress completely controlled
  her mind. Suckle was now totally helpless to even be capable of thinking or
  acting on her own. She needed direction from her Mistress. She didn't dare
  move her hand.  
 Miss Tamala kept silently looking into Suckle's eyes. She wanted to see
  if Suckle would seek out the sweetness of her pussy on her own. Suckle didn't
  move. After a few more seconds Miss Tamala very slowly pushed Suckle's hand
  lower and lower until the fingers of Suckle's hand reached the plumpness of
  her outer vagina lips.  
 To Suckle it felt like she had entered another world. Her head was spinning
  with ecstasy. She remembered having her mouth here, her tongue and her lips.
  She swallowed hard as she recalled the intimate scent and taste she had found
  here when she had her head down there. In reaction to her thoughts she moved
  her fingers ever so slowly ... seeking ... seeking. It felt as though her fingers
  were moving on their own ... as though she didn't have any control over them.  
 Miss Tamala smiled at the movements of Suckle's fingers. "Go ahead you little
  perverted pig," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "It's your damn fault your Mistress
  is so wet and horny. Now I will teach you how to masturbate me."  
 Suckle was confused. She didn't know whether she should be feel bad for
  causing this 'condition' in her Mistress since Miss Tamala had said it was
  'her' fault and she was to 'blame' or whether she should feel happy at being
  allowed the 'privilege' of learning how to masturbate her Mistress. Again Miss
  Tamala's voice cut her thoughts short.  
 "Move your fingers slowly ... slowly and gently along my outer pussy lips
  ... see how big and plumb they are?" Miss Tamala was directing Suckle now.
  She was in full control.  
 "Oh ... oh, yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied obviously thrilled
  at what her fingers were feeling. Suckle's fingers and hands were soaked with
  the moisture she found here. She took her fingers and played slowly with the
  slippery liquid gathering little globs of moisture between her finger and thumb
  and then moved them apart as though she was testing the elasticity of the wet
  somewhat sticky substance.  
 "Slowly ... gently," Suckle heard the voice of Miss Tamala. "Bring your
  fingers back to the front of my pussy and put one finger inside ... slowly,
  very gently ... now two fingers ... feel how slippery it gets there?" Miss
  Tamala kept talking to Suckle in a soft tone of voice that indicated that Suckle
  was pleasing her. "Go in deeper with your fingers little slut."  
 'Slowly' ... 'gently' ... the words that Miss Tamala had been 'teaching'
  her kept going through Suckle's mind as though it was a drum beat tapping in
  perfect rhythmic sequence. As Suckle felt the heat getting more intense deep
  inside of Miss Tamala's pussy her breathing became more rapid and was distinctly
  audible. Suckle was breathing hard and out loud. Suckle got that lustful smile
  on her face ... the smile of 'out of control' passion, of pure sexual lust
  ... the abandonment of any sensible reason.  
 "Aaahhhh, aaahhhhh ... yes, yes ...," Suckle heard Miss Tamala's low almost
  moaning voice. "In and out ... in and out ... slowly ... gently," Miss Tamala's
  low instructional voice filled Suckle's ears ... and her mind! "Bring your
  fingers up to the front of my pussy ... slowly ... find my clit ... find my
  little cock."  
 Suckle got an even bigger smile on her face. Her eyes took on the appearance
  of a person in a trance ... a trance of bringing another woman pleasure ...
  of bringing her precious Mistress enjoyment! As Suckle brought her fingers
  out of the entrance to Miss Tamala's pussy, she started to move them up over
  the slippery insides of the 'labia minora' until she they reached the place
  where the entrance narrowed. Suckle was familiar with this place. She remembered
  having her mouth and lips here. She let one of her fingers touch the 'hood'
  that covered Miss Tamala's clit and rubbed that finger in an 'up and down'
  motion.  
 Then Suckle did something on her every own. As her one finger rubbed the
  'hood' she replaced her other finger back into Miss Tamala's pussy entrance.
  Now she had two motions going at once. She was rubbing 'up and down' on the
  hood covering Miss Tamala's clitoris with one finger and 'in and out' of Miss
  Tamala's pussy with the other finger.  
 Suckle felt Miss Tamala's powerful hips buck forward as though they were
  trying to swallow her whole hand. Suckle let her one finger slip slowly under
  the hood covering and rubbed softly on Miss Tamala's clitoris ... it was stiff
  and engorged ... ready to explode!  
 "Yes ... sonofabitch ... oh, shit ... oh damn it ... shit, shhiittt ...
  aaahhhhhh ... good, good ... I'm cumming ... I'm cumming," Miss Tamala voice
  was overflowing with excitement and her excitement filled Suckle's own body
  with throbbing sensations she had never felt before.  
 The palm of Suckle's hand was 'cupped' in the front of Miss Tamala's vagina
  while the back of her hand was 'imprisoned' by Miss Tamala's panties. As Miss
  Tamala reached her orgasm Suckle could feel the rapid flowing juices filling
  the 'cupped' part of her hand. Miss Tamala held onto Suckle's shoulders as
  she slowly let herself down from her orgasm with little movements of her hips
  on Suckle's fingers.  
 Suckle's own inner core was begging for release. She could feel her own
  pussy pulsating in a rhythm of rapidly shortening movements. She reached down
  with her free hand to try to touch herself. But before she could reach her
  'target' she felt that hand grabbed by Miss Tamala and pulled away.  
 "No," Miss Tamala shouted to Suckle. "You are not to cum without my permission.
  How many times to I have to tell you that you fucking moron."  
 Suckle's senses were snapped back to reality by Miss Tamala's firm voice.
  She felt so weak, so helpless. She also felt her knees buckle from the desire
  and need she felt deep in her vagina.  
 As Miss Tamala's heavy breathing was returning to normal, she reached down
  and took Suckle's hand out from under her skirt. She held Suckle's completely
  soaked hand by her wrist. With her free hand she reached over to the dressing
  table and picked up the long handled circular hair brush.  
 "Spread your legs and pick up your skirt pervert," Miss Tamala told Suckle
  in that firm tone of voice that indicated to Suckle that obedience was not
  an option.  
 "Yes ... yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied as she picked up her red
  pleated skirt with her free hand while spreading her legs.  
 Miss Tamala brought the 'brush' part of the three inch circular hair brush  
to the entrance of Suckle's soaking wet pussy just putting slight pressure
  against her outer vagina lips ... and stopped!  
 "Impale yourself whore," Miss Tamala ordered Suckle.  
 Suckle pushed her hips downward. She felt the stiff bristles of the brush
  begin to penetrate her pussy. The first inch or two of the insertion of the
  hair brush sent shivers up Suckle's spine and almost automatically she knew
  she needed more. Miss Tamala didn't move an inch and Suckle was hesitant to
  make any further movement without some direction from her Mistress.  
 "All the way down to the handle bitch," Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 Without a word Suckle complied. Her vagina felt 'stuffed' ... the bristles
  of the brush going in further and further until she could feel her cervix expanding
  to accommodate the complete bristle part of the hair brush.  
 "Fuck yourself bastard," Miss Tamala almost shouted at Suckle. "Up and down,
  in and out ... do it!"  
 Suckle obeyed, that licentious smile on her face and her eyes taking on
  a 'far-away' appearance. Suckle was in another world ... a world where the
  only thing that mattered was the feeling of gratification.  
 Miss Tamala took Suckle's hand she had held by the wrist ... the hand that
  had just masturbated her and brought her to an orgasm. It was soaked with Miss
  Tamala's pussy juices. The abundant juices were just beginning to congeal from
  being exposed to the air and were taking on a solid white sticky appearance.
  She brought Suckle's own soaked hand up to the entrance of her mouth.  
 "Clean your hand whore, eat the liquid essence your Mistress has provided
  for you out of her generosity," Miss Tamala told Suckle. "Taste the richness
  of your Mistress's honey pot."  
 Suckle took her own 'cum' soaked hand in her mouth, sucking and licking
  at the thickening sticky liquid she found there. Suckle knew where that liquid
  had come from and the realization that she was sucking and licking her Mistress's
  pussy juices from her own hand brought new sensations to Suckle. She felt her
  head spinning at the depraved, yet to her, somehow wonderful act she was performing
  for her owner. Suckle felt as though she was doing this to 'prove' her worth
  to her Mistress ... to make her proud of her.  
 Miss Tamala stared at the face of Suckle. She looked at the mouth of her
  slave working so hard to please her. Suckle's appearance took on the appearance
  of someone who was totally engulfed in the moment ... another 'milestone' in
  the 'surrendering' of her mind and body to her Mistress's will.  
 Miss Tamala smiled. She was pleased with herself. She felt the distinct
  'rush' of her dominance over Suckle surge through her body and mind. She waited
  a few moments to enjoy that feeling of power and then emboldened by the sexual
  effect of the knowledge that this young and pretty white girl belonged to her,
  she pulled up on the handle of the brush until the bottom bristles were against
  Suckle's clit.  
 "Release yourself sucker," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Make yourself cum."  
 It didn't take Suckle long. She was already on the verge of exploding. She
  moved her hips in a back and forth motion three or four times. Then it happened!  
 "Ooohhhh ... aaahhhhhh ... oohhhh, God, oh God ..." the sounds of ecstasy
  came from Suckle's mouth as she pushed downward until almost the entire brush
  disappeared in her vagina. Her mind and body was beyond reason, beyond self
  control. Suckle was on 'automatic' pilot with only one thought in mind ...
  release of all the pent-up desires that had been stored in her body ... satisfaction
  ... she had to have it!  
 Suckle had reached another intense orgasm and she was too weak to stand
  up from the emotional surges of electrical current every nerve in her body
  was releasing at her climax. She was still 'impaled' on the hair brush and
  it, in and of itself, was holding up Suckle's body weight. Miss Tamala let
  go of the handle of the hair brush and Suckle collapsed at her feet. Suckle
  ended up in a 'half sitting' position at her Mistress's feet, her breathing
  slowing down from the rapid pace at which it was coming at her orgasm. She
  was coming down from this intense emotional sexual high ... very slowly.  
 When Suckle had regained some control of herself, she kneeled down further
  and placed a kiss on the toes of her Mistress that were peeking out from the
  'open toed' high heel ... first one foot, then the other. Suckle did this on
  her own, without instructions and with out any direction from Miss Tamala.
  Suckle did it as a sign of respect and admiration, as a symbol of her adoration
  of her Mistress.  
 Miss Tamala stood towering over her slave. To watch Suckle kissing her toes
  and doing it on her own without any prodding or directions from her Mistress
  was a totally satisfying feeling to her and she waited a while longer to enjoy
  this sensation of dominance.  
 Suckle had let the white blouse Miss Tamala had handed her a while ago fall
  to the floor during this last episode. Now as she sat at her Mistress's feet
  she again heard her Mistress's voice.  
 "Pick up your blouse little pig," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Stand up.
  We have to finish dressing you. We have an appointment for brunch to keep."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle. "Thank you Mistress."  
 "How cute," Miss Tamala thought while laughing to herself. "The little bitch
  masturbates me, eats my cum, kissed my feet and then thanks me for it. Does
  it get any better than this?"  
 Suckle was on her feet now. "Put this blouse on and be careful not to spoil
  your braids. I still have to finish your hair," Miss Tamala told her.  
 Suckle faced the floor to ceiling mirrors as she carefully slipped the white
  blouse over her head. It was sleeveless and was cut in a very deep 'v' showing
  so much cleavage that it seemed Suckle's breasts would 'pop' free of their
  own accord.  
 It was also very tight fitting and the outlines of Suckle's breasts were
  clearly visible through the thin fabric of the blouse. Of course Miss Tamala
  had no intentions of giving Suckle a bra or panties to wear. Suckle's nipples,
  painted red by the lipstick Miss Tamala had put on them, also jutted outward
  from the blouse in two red pointed circles. The red color left no doubt where
  Suckle's nipples began or where they ended. As Suckle looked at her image in
  the mirror she saw Miss Tamala tying red ribbons shaped in a bow on each of
  her braids ... six on one side of her head and six on the other side. They
  all matched the red skirt and stood out in contrast to the while blouse she
  was wearing. Suckle was becoming startled viewing the change in her person
  taking place right before her eyes. She was beginning to look more and more
  like a toy ...a toy doll!  
 Miss Tamala disappeared for just a moment, and then returned carrying a
  pair of patent leather sandals with closed toes and a buckle strap running
  across the instep of each sandal. She also carried two long white cotton socks.  
 Put your socks on first, pull them up and then put your shoes on," Miss
  Tamala told Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala." Suckle replied as she sat down, put on her socks
  and pulled them up. The white cotton socks came to just below her knees. Then
  Suckle slipped on her patent leather sandals and buckled the straps across
  the insteps of her feet.  
 "Now stand back up, put your feet together and hands down at your sides.
  Look at yourself in the mirror," Miss Tamala directed Suckle.  
 Suckle did as she was told.  
 "See, you stupid fruitcake" Miss Tamala said to Suckle in a somewhat gleefully
  sounding voice. "Don't you look nice? Just like a little toy dolly. Just what
  I always wanted ... a living, breathing doll that I can dress and play with
  ... ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing at Suckle's image in the mirror. "And
  you know how your Mistress likes to play, don't you motherfucker," Miss Tamala
  said to Suckle again changing the tone of her voice to emphasize the last sentence.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," replied Suckle with a little sound of sorrow in
  her voice. The thoughts of going out in public to a brunch dressed the way
  she was scared Suckle. "What would anyone who saw her think," Suckle was thinking
  to herself. It was the first time today that Suckle actually had a thought
  in her mind concerning herself. But that thought didn't last long. She felt
  and saw something being put around her neck. At first Suckle thought it was
  her 'choker chain.' But as she looked closer, she realized it was a chain all
  right, but it had a very large brooch attached to the chain that hung down
  from her neckline to the valley between her breasts. It was oval shaped and
  had a picture of Miss Tamala on it.  
 "Wear this in my honor," Miss Tamala said to Suckle in a very serious and
  soft tone of voice. "The people we are going to meet are familiar with the
  wearing of this brooch. They will know that it signifies that you are my property,
  that I own you and that you are dedicated to my welfare and happiness. Do you
  understand?"  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered with a little more confidence in
  her voice in reaction to the seriousness of her Mistress's voice. "Yes, Mistress
  Tamala," Suckle repeated. "Suckle understands Mistress. Suckle understands
  and will make you proud to own me."  
 "Good girl, very good, my little whore," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. Miss
  Tamala reached over and gave Suckle a kiss on her forehead. "If you are a good
  little piggy girl for me today and you make me proud of you in front of my
  friends, I may let you sleep with me tonight. You can put your little whore
  head between my legs and suck my pussy and ass all night long. Now, wouldn't
  that be nice?" Miss Tamala ended saying to Suckle in that sweet motherly tone
  of voice that always had the effect of making Suckle relaxed and feeling comforted.  
 "Oh ... oh, yes, yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered. The 'good girl,'
  the 'kiss on the forehead' was all too much for Suckle. The thoughts of being
  rewarded for being a 'good girl' by having the privilege of having her head
  between her Mistress's legs all night long just seemed to overwhelm Suckle.
  She felt her heart begin to beat faster. She felt the submissiveness in her
  soul rise to the top. This is what Suckle dreamed of. This is what Suckle wanted
  more than anything in her life now. Every day the urge to serve this beautiful
  mature African American woman and her good friend Dr. Mary got stronger and
  stronger. Suckle turned and looked into her Mistress's eyes.  
 Then in an effort to prove her worth to her Mistress Suckle abruptly blurted
  out: "Greetings, my name is Suckle. I belong to Miss Tamala. She is my owner
  and Mistress. I am a brainless slut. My Mistress, through her enormous generosity,
  has undertaken the responsibility for my further education. I dedicate myself
  to work hard to always bring pleasure and comfort to my Mistress and to make
  her proud to own me."  
 Miss Tamala smiled at Suckle. "Damn," Miss Tamala thought to herself, "the
  little bitch didn't miss a word of her pledge." She took Suckle by the hand
  and led her out of the room. Suckle was on her way to her first public acknowledgement
  of 'new life.' And Miss Tamala was satisfied that she had indeed made another
  'acquisition.'  
Chapter XVIII----The "Bamboo Room"  
 The "Bamboo Room" ... the 'brain child' of Madame Sheri and Master Klan.
  Both Madame Sheri and Master Klan were of 'oriental' lineage although little
  was known of their origin. Dr. Mary had been introduced to them by Mistress
  Katrina on one of her European tours ten years ago. Mistress Katrina had told
  Dr. Mary that this 'couple' were 'specialists' in Asiatic methods of 'mind
  control' and 'dominance' and were 'world traveled.' They held duel citizenships
  in America and Thailand although it was never made clear if Thailand was their
  birth place. They were very 'secretive' about their personal affairs although
  Dr. Mary had found out that they held 'business' interests in America, Thailand,
  and in a few European countries.  
 Dr. Mary had observed Madame Sheri and Master Klan demonstrate their unique
  abilities at an 'exposition' hosted by Mistress Katrina at her home while visiting
  her and was immediately fascinated by the severe methods of training they had
  imposed on some of the women in the servitude of Mistress Katrina. Over the
  next few years, Dr. Mary had made trusted friends of both Madame Sheri and
  Master Klan. Thus, Dr. Mary had become a 'business' partner to them when they
  proposed opening the 'Bamboo Room' in an area nearby her medical practice.  
 Eventually, Dr. Mary had introduced Miss Tamala to both Madame Sheri and
  Master Klan. All four had become trusted friends, limited business partners,
  and shared their experiences in the dominant/submissive lifestyle as well as
  their knowledge of the many 'disciplines' and 'equipment' available to obtain
  the goals they wished to achieve to 'enrich' their lifestyles as well as fulfill
  their sexual desires.  
 The 'Bamboo Room' itself was a very private club and fine dining facility
  located on the outskirts of Washington, DC., and was build on one hundred acres
  of heavily wooded land close to the Blue Ridge Mountains. The surrounding five
  acres around the actual building called the 'Bamboo Room' was beautifully landscaped
  to resemble an Asian dining facility complete with 'water' gardens, exotic
  plant species, etc. The 'Bamboo Room' facility also served as the home of Madame
  Sheri and Master Klan. They occupied a beautifully furnished and large apartment
  on the second floor. Immediately, when going through the 'security' gates and
  entering the grounds of the 'Bamboo Room' a person would have the reaction
  of leaving everything 'American' and suddenly being in a place that was all
  'Asian' as though you had completely left one country and entered another.  
 This is where Miss Tamala was taking Suckle for 'brunch' on this beautiful
  late Saturday morning. Of course, Miss Tamala had called Madame Sheri to 'make'
  reservations.  
 As Miss Tamala's car left her 'estate' Suckle was sitting in the back seat
  in a position that her Mistress instructed her to be in. Suckle's hair had
  dried and the braids Miss Tamala had made in her hair were shining from the
  hair spray she had used on them. Miss Tamala was observing Suckle through the
  rear view mirror. She could see Suckle's image from the waist up, the rest
  of her body hidden by the height of the car seats.  
 Miss Tamala was staring, in between driving, at the way she had applied
  the 'make-up' to Suckle's face. She admired the large 'perfect' round circles
  she had 'painted' with rouge on Suckle's face cheeks, the almost 'perfect'
  shape of a 'heart' she had 'painted' on Suckle's lips with the lipstick going
  outside of Suckle's normal lip line to accentuate the shape of the heart. Along
  with the red bows in her braids, the black patent leather shoes and the knee
  height white cotton socks, the make-up had the effect of making Suckle look
  years younger than her twenty-six years. "If Suckle wasn't breathing and making
  small movements sitting there with perfect posture and the palms of her hands
  on her thighs, someone seeing her would think I was transporting a mannequin
  of some sort," Miss Tamala was thinking to herself.  
 Miss Tamala also admired the 'brooch' or 'pendant' that was hanging from
  Suckle's neck. It felt 'exciting' to see her own likeness imbedded in that
  pendant signifying her ownership of this pretty white bitch. The contrast of
  Miss Tamala's beautiful bronze brown face in the photograph hanging low into
  the cleavage of Suckle's breasts also added to the exhilarating feeling of
  'ownership' surging through her thought processes. Miss Tamala smiled to herself
  as she decided that now was the time to add a few last minute 'ornaments' to
  her 'live and breathing' doll.  
 "Here whore," Miss Tamala said to Suckle as she handed Suckle a small jewelry
  box that she had picked up from the front seat of the car. "These are your
  ear earrings. Put one of them on."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied as she reached to take the jewelry
  box from her Mistress.  
 Miss Tamala slowed the car purposely to see the expression on Suckle's face
  when she saw her 'earrings.'  
 When Suckle opened the box her eyes took on an awestruck appearance. She
  looked at the three pieces of jewelry in the box but didn't move to retrieve
  any of the pieces until her Mistress's voice brought her back to reality.  
 "Well?" Miss Tamala blurted out while staring at Suckle in the rear view
  mirror. "Are you going to make me repeat myself dummy?"  
 "Aahh, no, no, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered immediately remembering
  what seemed like Miss Tamala's long ago warning early in her very first 'interview'
  not to make Miss Tamala 'waste her breath' by making her repeat herself.  
 Suckle picked up one of the earrings and held it between her thumb and forefinger
  and again looked at it. Hanging down one inch from the 'clasp' of the earring
  was a two inch exact replica of an 'erect penis and testicles,' finished in
  life-like color and cast in some kind of metal. The very 'head' of the penis
  was colored in bright red as though to accentuate its existence. The whole
  earring itself was quite heavy to the feel of Suckle's fingers. Again Suckle
  was transfixed by what she 'considered' the obscenity of the earring.  
 Then Suckle, withdrawing herself from her fixation, remembered her Mistress's
  orders to 'put the earring on.' Quickly, out of fear of making Miss Tamala
  repeated herself, Suckle picked the earring up to her ear, unhooked the clasp,
  ran the clasp through her pierced ear lobe and tightened it back up. The earring
  was now in place and Suckle's first impression of the earring being 'heavy'
  was correct as she felt the weight of it pulling and stretching her ear lobe
  downward.  
 Suckle held the jewelry box still containing the other two 'pieces of jewelry'
  in one hand while looking ahead. Her eyes met the large black eyes of Miss
  Tamala staring back at her in the rear view mirror.  
 "Sweet, my dumb little whore," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "Looks to me
  like that earring was made just for you. Don't you have anything to say to
  your Mistress for the gift she just gave you?"  
 "Oh, oh, yes ... ah, I ... Suckle thanks you for her gift Mistress," Suckle
  replied a little upset with herself for not thinking of thanking Miss Tamala
  on her own and without being reminded of her 'manners.'  
 "Look at the earring left in the box and describe it to me," Miss Tamala
  told Suckle.  
 Suckle looked down in the box. Her lips began to tremble a bit. Her mind
  was working hard trying to think of just the right words to say ... the right
  way to describe the 'ornament' on the earring. "Oh God, Suckle was thinking
  to herself, "how am I going to do this." Again she started to shake a little
  bit knowing that she was going to have to use 'words' that in the past she
  would never even dream of using.  
 Then Suckle began to speak. "Ah, ah, it's ... it looks ... Suckle thinks
  it looks like ... it's a man's thing ...," Suckle was stammering, wondering
  in her own mind if she was capable obeying Miss Tamala's orders.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing at Suckle. "A man's thing ... ha,
  ha, ha ... a man's thing. That's rich you stuttering idiot," Miss Tamala's
  voice tone was changing from a 'high pitched' laugh to a 'stern ridiculing'
  tone emphasizing the fact that Suckle was unable to answer in a straight forward
  way. "It's a man cock and balls, dummy," Miss Tamala yelled at Suckle. "Now
  describe it correctly."  
 Just a few moments ago before leaving Miss Tamala's house, Suckle was so
  sure in her own mind that she had accepted her 'submissive role' in her 'new
  life.' And as a 'reward' and an acknowledgement of that acceptance she was
  given a 'good girl' ... even a kiss, a kiss on the forehead from her precious
  Mistress. Now she was full of fear again ... fear of not being capable of living
  up to her Mistress's expectations.  
 "It's ... it's a man's cock and balls ... the earring has a man's cock and
  balls attached to it Mistress Tamala." Suckle made just one little hesitation
  in answering this time and although she was still a little surprised at the
  words leaving her own mouth she was still happy with herself at her improvement
  in not sounding like she was stuttering again.  
 "That's right bitch," Miss Tamala said to Suckle. "You get to wear one now.
  The other earring you will have to earn."  
 After Miss Tamala finished talking to Suckle, she paused looking at Suckle
  again through her image in the rear view mirror. She watched Suckle as her
  words 'have to earn' began to sink into Suckle's mind and waited to see if
  Suckle dared say anything. Suckle just 'frowned' a bit, as though she was trying
  to make sense of Miss Tamala's last statement.  
 Then Miss Tamala broke the silence. "Today, my little pig, your education
  will take a new turn. Today you will earn your other earring. You will soon
  have your first training session in cock sucking. Do you understand?"  
 "Ahh, Ahh, yes ... ah, Suckle understands, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered
  not sure if she really understood the implications of what Miss Tamala just
  told her.  
 As Suckle was trying to make sense of Miss Tamala's last statement the cell
  phone in her car rang. Miss Tamala pushed a button on the hands free cell phone
  console.  
 "Hello," Miss Tamala said into the microphone.  
 "Hello, Miss Barker?" the obviously male voice replied.  
 "Yes, this is Miss Barker," Miss Tamala said.  
 "Hi ... this is Tom Markum. How are you today?" came the reply.  
 "Oh yes, Mr. Markum ... I'm very good sir, and how are you sir," Miss Tamala
  said.  
 "Good, very good. Just thought I would pass some good news on to you," the
  male voice said. "The contracts you have submitted bids on look like they are
  in good shape and it looks very good for your company."  
 "Well that's just wonderful, just wonderful, Mr. Markum," Miss Tamala replied
  in a very pleasing business tone of voice.  
 Suckle was listening to the conversation taking place right in front of
  her and was amazed at how different Miss Tamala's voice sounded. This was a
  side of Miss Tamala she had never really seen since coming here for her interview
  for the internship. This was the 'intelligent, highly-educated' business woman
  that Suckle had read about in Miss Tamala Barker's business profile when she
  was considering applying for the 'internship' with her company in the first
  place. This was the Tamala Barker that became a very successful and wealthy
  business woman.  
 "Yes, I thought you would be pleased with the results. That's why I wanted
  to reach you today. I'll be calling on you some time next week. My secretary
  will make an appointment with you," the male voice on the phone console speaker
  said.  
 "Yes, yes, I certainly am pleased," Miss Tamala replied. "Oh, by the way,
  I met your wife at the conference a few weeks ago. She is very attractive."  
 "Well thank you, Miss Barker," the male voice replied. "She mentioned the
  fact that she met you and she was very impressed with your credentials and
  I might add with your company. I may as well tell you she had a lot to do with
  my final decision in awarding these contracts."  
 "Well, that's nice to know. Your wife and I had a pretty long chat and became
  pretty good friends while we were at the conference. You're a lucky man to
  have such a beautiful wife," Miss Tamala said to the male voice.  
 "Thank you. I know I'm a pretty lucky man," the male voice replied. "Oh,
  by the way, she said to thank you for the 'gift' whatever that means."  
 "Oh, no problem, Mr. Markum. No problem at all. I'm glad she ... ah ...
  I'm glad she enjoyed ... ah ... found it pleasing. Tell your wife I will be
  in touch with her again soon," Miss Tamala replied.  
 "Ok, I'll do that. I look forward to getting these contracts done. I'll
  be in touch with you soon," the male voice said. "Good-bye for now and have
  a great day."  
 "Well thank you for calling me, and yes, yes. I do intend to have a great
  day. Good-bye for now," Miss Tamala said as she clicked the cell phone console
  button to 'off.'  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala began to laugh out loud. "The dumb motherfucker
  doesn't know his wife is bisexual. She likes to have her pussy sucked. I sent
  Piglet up to her to spend a weekend. Piglet must have done a good job. You
  see whore, that's why you have to learn to be a good cocksucker. I can make
  use of you in my business.  
 Suckle was shocked at the change back in the tone of Miss Tamala's voice.
  Just a moment ago while discussing 'business' with Mr. Markum, Miss Tamala's
  voice sounded so intelligent, so soft and business-like. As soon as she cut
  the cell phone off, the 'other' Miss Tamala returned. It was almost as though
  Miss Tamala had two distinct personalities ... one that the 'every day' world
  saw and another that Suckle saw. One of Miss Tamala's 'personalities' was so
  confident and comforting and the other was so domineering and commanding. But
  Suckle didn't get too long to dwell on her thoughts before she heard the loud
  firm voice of her Mistress.  
 "Did you hear what I said?" Miss Tamala said to Suckle.  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala, Suckle heard you Ma'am," Suckle replied, the sound
  of fear very apparent in her voice as she tried to appease her Mistress with
  her answer.  
 "Good," said Miss Tamala as she turned the car into the driveway and in
  front of the large 'security gates' blocking the entrance to the Bamboo Room.
  Miss Tamala stopped the car in front of numerical key pad and rolled down the
  driver's side window. She then punched a few numbers into the key pad and the
  gates in front of the car opened up. "I want you to understand that you are
  to treat everyone you meet here with deep respect. As I introduce you, you
  will address every female as 'Mistress' and every male as 'Master.' They are
  all your superiors. You must always remember that you are 'property' ... my
  property. You have been granted a precious opportunity to serve me, to feast
  and capture my scent at all my secret places and to savor my very essence.
  Never forget that. I can just as easily throw you out in the street like garbage
  ... just like the weak bag of shit you are. Do you understand?" Miss Tamala
  continued 'lecturing' Suckle.  
 "Oh ... yes, yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle was quick with her answer. "Yes,
  Mistress Tamala Ma'am, Suckle understands."  
 Miss Tamala smiled to herself when she heard Suckle adding the 'Ma'am' to
  her answers. It sounded to Miss Tamala like Suckle was trying extra hard to
  please her and that was a good sign. It was a positive indication that Suckle
  was sinking deeper and deeper in her sincerity to totally surrender her will
  and body to Miss Tamala.  
 **************************  
 Suckle had noticed the sign on the large brick pillars that the security
  gates were attached to. The sign read: 'The Bamboo Room," "Private&mdash;Members
  Only." And immediately Suckle was 'lost' in the Asian d&eacute;cor of the gardens
  on both sides of the driveway. As the car pulled up to the large front door,
  Suckle again felt as though she was entering a world that was so different
  from the one she was used to.  
 Miss Tamala got out of the car on the driver's side, came around to the
  back door of the passenger's side, opened the door and said, "Get out whore,
  and remember my instructions. Follow my lead and do not speak unless I tell
  you to."  
 "Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle replied as she got out of the car. A new
  sense of fear ran through Suckle's mind as she realized that she was actually
  going to be seen by other people dressed the way she was.  
 As Miss Tamala led Suckle to the front door, Suckle noticed the large Chinese
  dragon carved into the highly polished wood of the door. Just as Miss Tamala
  reached to open the door, it opened by itself as though someone on the inside
  had opened it and was waiting for their arrival.  
 As soon as the door opened a very beautiful oriental woman stepped out and
  put her hand out to Miss Tamala. "Ah, so good ... so good you come again," the
  beautiful woman said in an oriental dialect to Miss Tamala.  
 Suckle stared at the beauty of this woman. She had a somewhat narrow face
  that was splendidly make up. The almond-shaped eyes matched her perfect small
  nose. Her hair was jet black and was pulled back with a number of large glistening
  combs to just in back of her neck. The woman's hair hung down from that point
  at the base of her neck to almost her waist running the full length of her
  back. She wore a very bright purplish color, what only can be described as
  a 'kimono' of some sort. It had very wide sleeves, was loose fitting and was
  tightened around her waist with a large orchid flowered sash. The woman wore
  high heeled shoes that ended with the 'sharpest' points in the front toe area
  that Suckle ever saw. Suckle even wondered for a moment how someone's toes
  could possibly fit in a pointed area like that. Suckle watched in wonder as
  she saw Miss Tamala take the oriental woman's hand, bend down as if in a semi
  bow and kiss the back of her hand. For a moment Suckle had the impression that
  Miss Tamala was observing the superiority of the oriental woman by going through
  this sort of 'kissing of the hand' ritual. Again Suckle was brought back to
  the reality by the sound of Miss Talama's voice.  
 "Madame Sheri, this is my newest property Suckle," Miss Tamala told Madame
  Sheri.  
 Suckle was dumbfounded for a moment as she realized she was being 'introduced'
  for the first time to another woman as Miss Tamala's property. But at the sound
  of Miss Tamala's words and the realization that she was being exposed to a
  stranger as 'property' Suckle could feel a new sensation racing through her
  submissive mind and the awakening of that little 'pulse' of excitement deep
  in her vagina.  
 "Ah, good, good ... Suckle, good ... Madame Sheri like name ... you give
  name, yes?" Madame Sheri asked Miss Tamala in her oriental accent and that
  little soft high pitched sounding voice that one usually found in women of
  oriental descent.  
 "Yes, I named it Suckle," Miss Tamala said to Madame Sheri. "It has a good
  long tongue and likes to suck. That's why I named it Suckle," Miss Tamala continued
  addressing Madame Sheri. "But it is stupid and needs to have a better education
  in the 'service arts' than I can give it. So I talked to Dr. Mary and she recommended
  bringing it to you. Kneel down and kiss Madame Sheri's feet you stupid moron," Miss
  Tamala turned and shouted at Suckle.  
 Suckle was filled with another new fear. Never before, in the presence of
  Miss Tamala, Dr. Mary, or even Piglet had she been referred to as an 'it.'  
Suckle 'gulped' as she heard herself being call an 'it' over and over again.
  Yet, there it was again! She could feel those little 'contractions' in her
  vagina. A flash of 'worthlessness' filled Suckle deep within herself ... and
  that feeling was having a sexual affect on her mind ... and body. Suckle, without
  saying a word or making a sound, dropped down to her knees and began to kiss
  the sharp toed highly polished leather high heel shoes of Madame Sheri.  
 Ah, I see ... I see," Madame Sheri replied to Miss Tamala while looking
  down at the kneeling Suckle kissing first one of her shoes and then the other. "We
  take care ... no worry ... Madame Sheri take care," Madame Sheri continue talking
  to Miss Tamala. "I give first lesson now ... you watch."  
 Suckle was just starting to pick her head up from kissing Madame Sheri's
  shoes when she heard the high pitched kindly sounding voice of the oriental
  woman above her.  
 "No ... no, keep head down ... Suckle keep head down," Madame Sheri was
  telling Suckle as she looked down at her kneeing body. Then as though to emphasize
  her directions, Madame Sheri picked up one of her feet, put it on the back
  of Suckle's head and without any further warning rapidly pushed Suckle's head
  down the remaining six inches until her forehead hit the marble tile walkway
  with a thumping sound loud enough for Miss Tamala to hear.  
 "See ... see ... down with head ... down, down, down," Suckle heard that
  'high pitched' oriental voice of Madame Sheri above her becoming more firm
  in its tone. "When you kiss Madame Sheri's shoes you lick also ... use tongue
  ... see ... see. Use tongue, lick, kiss, use tongue, lick, kiss, use tongue," Madame
  Sheri was now yelling at the kneeling Suckle as though it was part of a 'drill'
  that Suckle was required to learn.  
 Suckle was startled to feel the push on the back of her head. The sudden
  pain of her forehead hitting the hard marble walkway made Suckle see little
  flashes of light blink before her eyes. 'Lick, kiss, use tongue, lick, kiss,
  use tongue,' the words were going through Suckle's mind as though it was part
  of a cadence of some sort. Then Suckle felt the shoe of Madame Sheri being
  placed under her head again and close to her mouth. Instantly the scent of
  the leather shoes mixed with the scent of feet filled Suckle's nostrils. Suckle
  felt a little dizzy from the aroma that was filling her senses and with the
  sexual sensation of doing something so subservient in front of these two very
  beautiful and superior women.  
 Almost immediately Suckle pushed her tongue out and began licking the toe
  area of the polished leather pointed high heel shoe of Madame Sheri. First
  she licked the leather softly, then kissed, stuck her tongue out further and
  licked again, then kissed. Suckle began to feel the 'lust' build up in her
  loins and she swore she could actually feel her nipples getting hard. "God," Suckle
  thought to herself, "I'm really beginning to feel like a slut ... and I like
  it!"  
 "Do better ... always you try to do better ... better, better, better," the
  words of Madame Sheri came at Suckle rapidly now. Madame Sheri reached over
  by the entrance to the door and picked up what appeared to be a 'long bamboo
  cane' at least four feet long. The bottom part of the 'cane' was a good two
  inches thick and tapered at the tip to about one half inch. It was one of the
  thickest canes Miss Tamala had ever seen as she watched Madame Sheri closely.  
 Madame Sheri looked at Miss Tamala who was also getting thoroughly aroused
  watching this 'expert' disciplining and teaching Suckle. "You pick up skirt
  please ... yes ... you help Madame Sheri please," Madame Sheri said to Miss
  Tamala pointing at Suckle's short red skirt with the bamboo cane.  
 "Oh, sure, sure," Miss Tamala replied to Madame Sheri while she reached
  down to pull Suckle's skirt up over her waist to expose her bare ass cheeks.  
 "Oh, good, good ... no panties ... good," Madame Sheri said seeing Suckle's
  bare ass. "Nice white ass ... little small but nice white ass," Madame Sheri
  kept saying to Miss Tamala as though she was evaluating an animal. Then Madame
  Sheri turned to Miss Tamala and said in a little soft voice so as not to seem
  too 'pushy,' "but we made white ass fatter ... ok ... yes?"  
 "Yes, I would like to have 'it's' ass a lot fatter," Miss Tamala replied
  to Madame Sheri.  
 "Good, good ... Dr. Mary know how ... she made white ass fat for you ...
  don't worry," Madame Sheri said to Miss Tamala in the high pitched innocent
  sounding voice as though she was trying to reassure her that her wishes could
  be carried out.  
 Miss Tamala watched as Madame Sheri put her pointed high heel shoe back
  on Suckle's head so the heel rested on the top of Suckle's head and the toe
  was all the way down the back of her head almost reaching Suckle's neck. This
  forced Suckle forehead back down to the marble tile walkway. With Suckle's
  head in this position and her knees on the walkway, it forced Suckle's ass
  high in the air in a steep angle upward. Then Madame Sheri seemed to shift
  her body somewhat to put a lot of weight on her foot on top of Suckle's head
  while she raised the bamboo cane high above her head gripping the base of the
  cane with both of her smallish hands.  
 Suckle heard the sound coming. It was a sound she heard before. The 'swishing'
  sound of something cutting air ... a sound she was becoming familiar with.
  But even though every thing seemed to be moving in slow motion it was also
  so fast that Suckle's mind couldn't register any logic. Searing pain, deep
  searing pain, deeper than ever before ... burning, hot, hot, hotter, hottest
  ...  
 The sound of the bamboo cane striking Suckle's ass cheek was the sharpest
  'cracking' sound Miss Tamala had ever heard. Miss Tamala was watching as the
  bamboo cane, held in both hands of Madame Sheri, struck the flesh of Suckle's
  ass cheek. It appeared to Miss Tamala as though the cane sunk at least an inch
  into the ass flesh and as Madame Sheri picked up the bamboo cane almost instantaneously
  a large, deep red welt appeared outlining perfectly the imprint of the cane.
  Miss Tamala stared at the red welt. It was one of deepest red welts she had
  ever seen. There was no doubt about it. Madame Sheri had put all her strength
  behind that blow to Suckle's ass.  
 "Aaaaahhhhhhhh, oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ow, ow, ow ... oh God, oh God ...
  eeeeeeeeee ... aaaaahhhhh, aaahhhh, aahh, ah, ah ... oh, oh, oh my God, oh," the
  sounds of anguish coming from Suckle's mouth were loud as Suckle literally
  screamed in pain. She wiggled her ass back and forth, pushed out her leg as
  though she was somehow trying to get the pain to ease up or better yet to go
  away. Suckle was breathing rapidly in quick short breaths trying to replenish
  the air that had escaped from her lungs from the screaming sounds that kept
  coming from her mouth. Then in what seemed like a complete collapse, Suckle
  pushed her knees outward as her body went flat on the ground.  
 "No, no, no ... ass up ... keep ass up in air," Suckle heard the oriental
  voice of Madame Sheri above her. Madame Sheri's voice was so misleading to
  Suckle. It had a soft high pitch to it that sounded so kind it would disarm
  Suckle's fear for a moment. But now Suckle knew that Madame Sheri was no one
  to 'fool' with. Madame Sheri, Suckle would soon learn, was one of the strictest
  and sadistic 'trainer's' of slaves in the world.  
 As Miss Tamala was watching this 'extraordinary expert' giving Suckle her
  very first lesson in obedience employing the 'Madame Sheri method', she could
  feel the wetness in her vagina building up again. She could actually feel herself
  'dripping' she was getting so aroused at the sight before her eyes.  
 Suckle was still making whimpering sounds that were kind of 'trailing' off
  as she was trying so hard to regain some of her composure. Even though she
  heard the directions coming from Madame Sheri, Suckle was still lying almost
  flat on the marble tile walkway, still unable to move her ass upward, still
  breathing deeply although in longer gulps of air. In her mind, Suckle could
  still hear the words and commands of Madame Sheri ... 'ass up' ... 'ass up'
  ... but Suckle just was having a hard time making her body obey.  
 Madame Sheri walked around to the side of Suckle and pushed the bamboo cane
  under Suckle's waist just above her 'mons pubis' and picked up on the bamboo
  cane as though she was trying to get Suckle to pick her ass back up in the
  air.  
 "Ass up ... ass up ... pig Suckle always keep ass up ... no put ass down
  even when hit ... pig Suckle learn ... must always keep ass up," Madame Sheri
  kept talking to Suckle. Suckle could hear her voice and she knew she had to
  obey, but the pain was so deep and lasting that it was very difficult. Suckle
  managed to get her legs back into 'half' of a kneeling position. Suckle's screams
  had been replaced with little sobbing sounds and the tears coming from her
  eyes were flowing freely and dripping to the marble tiles on the ground. Finally
  Suckle pushed her ass up with all the remaining strength she had while keeping
  her forehead on the walkway.  
 Madame Sheri came back around to the front of Suckle. She stooped down in
  a 'hunching' position so both of her feet were on either side of Suckle's head.
  Then with one hand Madame Sheri grabbed a hold of a few of Suckle's braids
  and pulled her head up roughly and backward far enough so she could look directly
  into Suckle's face. Suckle's face was soaked with her own tears of agony. The
  pain was still there on her ass ... and it seemed like it would never ease
  off or go away.  
 "You keep ass up ... always ... always," the oriental sounding voice of
  Madame Sheri filled Suckle's ears again. "You keep ass up in air ... no matter
  Madame Sheri punish you ... no matter, you pig Suckle, keep ass up in air ...
  no matter how hard Madame Sheri hit ... you keep ass up in air," Madame Sheri
  kept telling Suckle in a loud accented voice while shaking Suckle's head back
  and forth once in a while as though to emphasize her words.  
 "You look in face of Madame Sheri ... you pig Suckle, look now ...," Madame
  Sheri said to Suckle pulling her head even further backward to make sure Suckle
  could look into her face. Suckle saw the beautiful Asian face of Madame Sheri
  just six inches from her own face. Madame Sheri's excited almond-shaped eyes
  seemed to be shining brightly with dancing flames of fire. Suckle had never
  in her life seen such passion in someone's eyes like this before. Even though
  Suckle's ass was still hot with pain, and even though Suckle could still feel
  the distressful after effects of her forehead hitting the walkway, Suckle knew
  she was becoming lost in the strange mysterious domination of this oriental
  woman.  
 "Now you learn ... you learn keep ass in air ... always, always ... no matter
  what," Madame Sheri continued speaking to Suckle as she stared at her eyes. "You
  pig Suckle ... you pig ... no brain in head ... Madame Sheri teach you pig
  Suckle. Now you tell Madame Sheri what you learn," Madame Sheri said to Suckle
  as though she was sure she had driven her 'lesson' to Suckle deep in her thought
  processes.  
 Suckle knew an answer was required. She tried to move her mouth but her
  lips were trembling from the words of Madame Sheri that seemed to be flashing
  through her brain ... 'now you learn' ... 'keep ass in air' ... 'you pig Suckle'
  ... 'you pig' ...  
 "You talk piggy girl ... you tell Madame Sheri what you learn ... NOW!" Madame
  Sheri screeched at Suckle while shaking her head again back and forth again
  demanding an answer from Suckle.  
 "I ... ah ... ah ... Suckle ... no ... pig Suckle ...," Suckle was struggling.
  Miss Tamala stared again at 'her' Suckle being put through Madame Sheri's 'no
  nonsense' method of training ... and she loved watching. She loved to see Suckle
  in this position, stammering to get the correct words out of her mouth ...
  the words that would satisfy the demands of her trainer. Miss Tamala thought
  back to just a few days ago at the pretty intelligent young 'Lynn Langley'
  that came into her office for an interview. She was so well dressed and had
  the features and physical body of a model and was applying for an 'internship.' "Now
  look at the bastard," Miss Tamala was thinking to herself. "It's so exciting
  to be able to break someone's spirit, to take over their mind, will, and body
  and make them want to satisfy you in any way you wish," Miss Tamala continued
  thinking and these thoughts also contributed to her arousal.  
 Miss Tamala was watching as Madame Sheri reached into Suckle's low cut blouse
  to fondle her breasts, squeezing and pulling on her nipples. Madame Sheri knew
  all the tricks. Madame Sheri was the person who taught Miss Talama and Dr.
  Mary on the finer 'techniques' of dominance. She knew she had to make Suckle
  understand in her submissive mind, pain, pleasure, and sex were somehow related.
  As soon as Madame Sheri felt Suckle's nipples harden she knew she had her.
  She redoubled her efforts, squeezing and pulling, first one breast and one
  nipple and then the other.  
 "Now you talk piggy girl ... now you tell Madame Sheri what she teach you," Madame
  Sheri said into Suckle's face changing her voice to the kind soft high-pitched
  oriental tone that was intended to lessen Suckle's fear again and give her
  an incentive to speak.  
 As soon as Suckle felt Madame Sheri's smallish hands on her breasts and
  nipples her whole demeanor changed. She found herself even trying to judge
  the different feel of the hands and fingers now working her breasts and nipples
  and compare them to Miss Tamala's or even Dr. Mary's. "Madame Sheri's hands
  were different," Suckle was thinking to herself. "Madame Sheri's fingers pulled
  slowly and gently, rubbing and pinching slightly in comparison to the more
  violent pulling and pinching of Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary.  
 Suckle was becoming awakened sexually. She could feel the first 'contractions'
  and 'palpitations' of the muscles deep inside of her pussy as the inner lips
  of her vagina and the outer lips seemed to melt into one and the same. She
  swore she could even feel her clit becoming engorged with 'anticipation' and
  ready for the touch that would make her explode. That 'tell tale' smile was
  forming on her face ... the lustful smile that had an expression all its own,
  an expression that indicated that Suckle was entering a new emotional state
  of mind. Now that Suckle was reaching a high state of arousal she was ready
  to talk ... now Suckle 'wanted' to talk!  
 "Suckle learn to keep her ass in the air ... yes, Suckle is a pig ... Suckle
  must learn to use tongue, lick, kiss, use tongue, lick, use tongue ... keep
  ass in air ... no matter what, keep ass in air," Suckle said.  
 Suckle was on 'automatic pilot' again. Every fiber in her body was alive
  and every nerve pulsating with the need for sex. Suckle was off and running.
  She was even trying to imitate Madame Sheri's voice ... trying to form the
  words just as she heard them coming from her trainer's mouth. Now that Suckle
  was fully sexually stimulated nothing else in the world mattered ... just pleasing
  her trainer, obeying her commands, and thus satisfying the intense heat deep
  within her own vagina.  
 "Good, good," Madame Sheri said to Suckle as she moved her own body a little
  closer to Suckle's head spreading her legs and letting her kimono fall open
  to expose her legs and the valley in between. "Now you kiss and lick temple
  of knowledge," Madame Sheri was talking again to Suckle. "Now you show gratitude
  to teacher. You give thanks at temple of knowledge."  
 Suckle's nostrils quickly picked up the scent of a woman again. Her nose
  made little flaring movements as she inhaled in as much of the scent as she
  could. 'The temple of knowledge' ... the words of Madame Sheri filled Suckle's
  mind as she looked at the smooth baby-like skin of Madame Sheri's thighs. 'The
  temple of knowledge' again the words were repeated in Suckle's mind as she
  saw the silky like mass of jet black pubic hair centered between those thighs.
  Suckle was moving her head in between Madame Sheri's legs, further and further
  until the scent coming from there became stronger and stronger.  
 As Suckle slowly moved her head deeper in the 'valley' of Madame Sheri's
  spread legs, the 'space' narrowed until Suckle could feel the soft baby-like
  skin of Madame Sheri's thighs on the cheeks of her face. Madame Sheri's skin
  felt hot and sweaty on Suckle's face. Suckle's nose touched the silky and soft
  pubic hairs of Madame Sheri's pussy and immediately and involuntarily Suckle
  noticed the difference between the texture of Madame Sheri's pubic hair and
  the pubic hair of Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary. Madame Sheri's pubic hair was so
  massive, long and soft on Suckle's nose in comparison to the stiff ringlets
  of Miss Tamala's and Dr. Mary's.  
 Suckle could feel her heart begin to beat faster in this 'environment' that
  she was becoming familiar with. The scent of woman, the heat of the skin of
  another woman's thighs on her face and the wetness of the pubic hairs on Suckle's
  nose was more than Suckle could take. Her recent 'training' under both Miss
  Tamala and Dr. Mary slowly took over her thought processes as she slowly stuck
  out her tongue and gathered up the first taste of the juices coming from Madame
  Sheri's vagina and immediately Suckle knew she had to have more. She moved
  her head downward until the tip of her nose penetrated the opening of Madame
  Sheri's vagina at the very top, and then stuck her tongue out as far as she
  could until she reached the back of the opening.  
 This was what Suckle really yearned for anymore. She was beginning to love
  having her head in between another woman's legs. It made every nerve ending
  in her body tingle with sparks of electricity the likes of which she could
  never explain to anyone. And when she could feel the exhilaration her tongue
  was causing by the moans and gasps coming from above her by the 'other woman'
  her instincts were to try even harder to 'satisfy.'  
 Madame Sheri had extraordinary big and plump outer vagina lips for a woman
  of her stature and when Suckle moved her tongue forward to lick at the entire
  length of the vagina opening these soaking wet 'outer' lips completely covered
  her mouth. Suckle knew where to go. Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary had taught her
  well. Suckle was looking for her 'target.' She was using her tongue to search
  taking her time to 'flick' it in and out a few times at the deepest part of
  Madame Sheri's pussy. Then Suckle used her 'imagination' as she softly pushed
  the hood covering Madame Sheri's clit upward with her nose exposing the clitoris.
  Suckle was where she wanted to be ... she was 'on target.' She ran her tongue
  over the stiff engorged clit a few times and then clasped it between her lips.
  Again Suckle's 'training' kicked in as she remembered Miss Tamala's admonition
  to 'suck on it like it was a pacifier.'  
 It only took a minute before Suckle heard the words of Madame Sheri somewhere
  high above her.  
 "Yes, yes ... you suck ... yes, you worship at temple of knowledge ... aaaahhhhh,
  oohhhh ... good, good," the excited accented words of this oriental and beautiful
  woman filled Suckle with profound excitement as she redoubled her efforts to
  conform to the words coming from Madame Sheri.  
 Then she felt Madame Sheri's thighs tighten on her face cheeks. Now her
  face was red hot with the heat and wetness of the sweat coming from the thighs
  that captured her head. But Suckle wasn't prepared for what happened next.
  With one final thrust of her hips, Madame Sheri had reached her orgasm. And
  Suckle actually felt Madame Sheri 'squirt' in her mouth. This was a first for
  Suckle. Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary had flowed intensely at their orgasm, but
  Suckle remembered thinking this was an actual 'squirt' with tremendous volume.  
 Suckle was on fire with desire. She so much wanted to touch herself, to
  go 'off' and feel the intense shaking of her body in coordination with her
  hand. But it was not to be. Suckle didn't have 'permission' and by this point
  in her 'new life' she knew better than to act on her own regardless of the
  state of her arousal.  
 As Suckle felt Madame Sheri separate her vagina from her lips and mouth,
  she felt deep remorse and disappointment knowing that she would be denied her
  'release' again. And yet the feeling of taking the full 'blast' of Madame Sheri's
  orgasm in her mouth and swallowing again and again along with the awareness
  that she had done exactly as her 'trainer' told her brought a weird sense of
  satisfaction to Suckle's ever deepening submissive mind. Suckle felt a certain
  contentment in being a 'good girl' ... even of being a 'good pig' for her 'teacher.'  
 Miss Tamala had watched with passionate scrutiny at the way in which Madame
  Sheri, the expert, had taken complete control of Suckle in just a few minutes.
  But Miss Tamala also knew that Suckle hadn't even begun to understand or experience
  the depth of Madame Sheri's 'method of training' or just how sadistic Madame
  Sheri could be. Although Miss Tamala was soaking wet from watching the scene
  take place before her, she denied herself 'release' too. She was saving herself,
  saving herself for what she knew would be taking place a little later. Miss
  Tamala was anxiously awaiting Suckle's first training session on 'cock sucking.'  
 Madame Sheri had fixed her kimono and retied the sash around her waist. "You
  kneel up ... up piggy Suckle ... you kneel up straight ... keep back straight," Suckle
  heard the somewhat relaxed yet firm voice of her oriental trainer.  
 Suckle lifted her head from its low position to pull herself upward but
  remained in the kneeling position. She took in a deep breath, straightened
  her back and sucked in her belly so even in this kneeling position her posture
  was excellent. She picked her head up to look into the face of Madame Sheri
  who was standing directly in front of the kneeling Suckle.  
 Suckle's face, from forehead to chin was completely covered with the abundant
  and somewhat sticky residue from Madame Sheri's orgasm. Most of the sticky
  and opaque creamy liquid was around her nose and mouth. Miss Tamala watched
  as Madame Sheri pushed Suckle's head back so her face was looking upward toward
  her.  
 "You open mouth ... open wide," Madame Sheri told Suckle.  
 Suckle didn't answer but she did as she was told opening her mouth wide.
  Madame Sheri looked directly into Suckle's mouth. "Yes ... good ... you swallow
  most of Madame Sheri's gift of knowledge ... good, good girl," Madame Sheri
  said to Suckle as she moved her forefinger toward Suckle's face.  
 Madame Sheri gathered up all the creamy substance of her orgasm from Suckle's
  nose, under her nose, from around her lips and chin and little by little with
  her forefinger pushed it into Suckle's opened mouth until almost all of the
  thickest portions disappeared from Suckle's face and was now on her tongue
  and in her mouth.  
 "You no waste ... you never waste fruit of knowledge ... delicious fruit
  come from Madame Sheri's temple of knowledge ... you eat and swallow like good
  girl," Madame Sheri said to Suckle. "Now you run tongue around mouth ... show
  Mistress Tamala you love fruit from pussy ... you show Mistress Tamala."  
 "Temple of knowledge ... pussy," Suckle was thinking to herself. Now she
  understood what the 'temple of knowledge' that Madame Sheri had been talking
  about was! It struck Suckle like a bolt of lightning. "It was her pussy," Suckle
  thought to herself. "She was talking about her pussy." Suckle found it strange
  and yet sexually exciting to have someone give a name like this to that part
  of her anatomy. Suckle had a little evil smile on her face as she turned her
  head toward Miss Tamala and began to run her tongue around her opened mouth
  as though she was proud to display its contents.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala was laughing out loud watching Suckle. "The motherfucker
  is really getting to be a bigger slut every day, isn't she?"  
 "Yes ... yes ... good slut ... good slut," Madame Sheri replied to Miss
  Tamala obviously proud of the little 'exposition' she had just put on for her. "You
  like?"  
 "Yes, I liked it very much," Miss Tamala answered Madame Sheri.  
 "Good, good ... we now go inside?" Madame Sheri said to Miss Tamala.  
 "Yes, by all means, let's go inside," replied Miss Tamala.  
 "Wonderfu ... wonderfu ..." Madame Sheri said in her broken and heavily
  accented English. Then she turned to the still kneeling Suckle. "Now you show
  Mistress Tamala ... you show how you swallow ... you swallow."  
 Suckle looked up at her Mistress, closed her mouth and swallowed hard making
  a loud 'gulping' sound as if to demonstrate that she had indeed swallowed the
  remains of Madame Sheri's climax. Miss Tamala petted Suckle on the head, the
  'puppy pet' that Suckle was so fond of getting for being obedient. As soon
  as Suckle felt her Mistress's hand going back on forth on her head she got
  a big smile on her face. She got her 'good girl' and she gotten 'petted' by
  her Mistress. These little gestures were more important than gold to Suckle
  any more.  
 "Now you get up ... yes, you get up ... we go inside," Madame Sheri said
  to Suckle.  
 After Suckle got back up to her feet, she followed her Mistress and Madame
  Sheri to the highly polished wooden door ... the door with the hand craved
  dragon on it ... the Bamboo Room! Suckle felt herself wondering what was behind
  these large doors as she walked forward, her ass still hurting, and her forehead
  still a little sore. Then, a little bit of doubt flashed through her mind.
  Did she really want to know?  
Chapter XIX-Inside the Bamboo Room  
 Madame Sheri held the door opened as Mistress Tamala followed by Suckle
  entered, and then closed the door behind them. The lighting was dim but not
  dark as the trio entered the foyer type entrance. Again Suckle was immediately
  struck by the oriental d&eacute;cor of the foyer. Chinese lanterns, oriental
  floral arrangements, the odor of incense filled the air and there was even
  some very oriental sounding music playing softly in the background.  
 Suckle wondered to herself 'how many different worlds have I entered in
  the last few days?' 'Surely,' Suckle thought, 'this establishment showed signs
  that gave her the feeling as though something weird and wonderful was about
  to happen in here.' Suckle was still feeling the exciting effects of having
  just brought Madame Sheri to an orgasm and could feel her own arousal beginning
  to set in her psyche and this place just added to it.  
 "We go meet you guests now, ok?" Madame Sheri asked in that almost innocent
  and disarming high pitched oriental voice of hers directing her question to
  Miss Tamala.  
 "Yes, of course," Miss Tamala replied to Madame Sheri as Madame Sheri led
  the way out of the foyer and down a long circular sort of hall way.  
 "You guests here ... dining room eight," Madame Sheri said to Miss Tamala
  as she sped up her walking pace to get in front of the trio.  
 "Good, seems like I'm running a little late," Miss Tamala said to Madame
  Sheri. "But you know I had to dress the little whore too."  
 "No worry ... you do good job dressing ... it look like little dolly whore," Madame
  Sheri said to Miss Tamala, the 'it' being Suckle, as she opened the door to
  dining room eight.  
 "Ha, ha, ha ... I like that Madame Sheri," Miss Tamala said to Madame Sheri. "Little
  dolly whore, I like that."  
 As Suckle entered dining room eight, she was again stuck with the fear of
  having another surprise sprung on her. The room was not very large, had a round
  table in the center, wallpaper with an Asian motif on three side walls and
  the single wall that seemed to be in front of the table had a large drape covering
  it.  
 As Suckle glanced around the room at the paintings on the walls, she noticed
  that most of the girls in the paintings were Caucasian and were all in some
  kind of restraints. All of the men and women 'tending' to the restraints were
  either Black or Oriental. One painting featured a very pretty seemingly young
  white girl with a braided rope tied around her neck being pulled so tightly
  by a beautiful oriental woman that it made her eyes kind of bulge out and her
  mouth was opened with her tongue hanging out. Standing next to the white girl
  was a very muscular black man, holding his penis and urinating straight into
  the open mouth of the white girl. The oriental girl holding the rope had a
  very large wicked looking smile on her face.  
 The lighting was somewhat dim but everyone in the small room could distinguish
  each other without a problem. But it was the moment Suckle realized that there
  were others in the room that she began to tremble slightly. Seated around the
  table was Dr. Mary; Miss Lyric, a very beautiful copper-skinned woman that
  Suckle instantly thought must be some type of model she was so startlingly
  beautiful, and Mr. Rudee, a black man with much darker skin that gave Suckle
  the impression of being some type of athlete because of his physical appearance.  
 "Oh, look at this," Dr. Mary spoke first. "Oh shit, honey girl, what did
  you do to the little fucker?" she said to Miss Tamala.  
 "Do you like the way she looks?" Miss Tamala asked Dr. Mary.  
 "Oh shit yes," Dr. Mary answered. "My God, she looks like a little fuck
  doll honey girl ... just like you always wanted for yourself. Come here Suckle,
  I want you to meet these beautiful people."  
 As Suckle moved over to Dr. Mary, she was visibly trembling. She started
  trembling as soon as she heard Dr. Mary's voice. Suckle was afraid of Dr. Mary.
  She remembered how violent Dr. Mary could be. She remembered how hard Dr. Mary
  had whipped her on the back in the basement. She remembered how violently Dr.
  Mary had fucked her face. Yet, mixed in the fear that Suckle felt toward Dr.
  Mary was a feeling of respect and a feeling of sheer obedience. Somewhere locked
  forever in Suckle's submissive mind she knew she would always obey Dr. Mary
  without question.  
 "Suckle," Dr. Mary began to speak as she got out of her chair, "this is
  Mistress Lyric," she said to Suckle as she led Suckle in front of Miss Lyric.  
 Miss Lyric had a surprised look on her face as she looked at the way Suckle
  was dressed and the way she was made up. "Oh my God Tamala honey," Miss Lyric
  said out loud, "where the fuck did you get this one?"  
 "Do you like it Lyric?" Miss Tamala answered Miss Lyric with a prideful
  smile on her face obviously proud of her new 'possession.' Miss Tamala's voice
  had such a 'ring' of satisfaction in it; it sounded as though she might just
  as well as have purchased a new car or some other valuable commodity.  
 Suckle couldn't help staring at Miss Lyric. "She is so beautiful," Suckle
  thought to herself. Miss Lyric's lighter colored skin flowed in perfectly with
  the powder blue blouse she was wearing. It was cut very low in the front and
  Suckle could clearly see the very deep valley between Miss Lyric's abundant
  breasts. Miss Lyric's hair was a straight silky black, and hung down to her
  shoulders. Her face, as usual, was perfectly made up, with just the right amount
  of blush on her cheeks to blend in with her skin and gave the impression of
  someone with a natural glow to her face. Her eyes were perfectly make up with
  long eyelashes that only made her dark eye balls seem to dance in their white
  backgrounds.  
 Suckle didn't get a chance to stare too long when she again heard the strict
  voice of Dr. Mary. "Get down on your knees, you stupid fucking white pig," Dr.
  Mary yelled at Suckle. "Don't you see you are in front of a very superior Black
  woman?"  
 Suckle dropped to her knees immediately. While dropping to her knees, she
  glanced at Mistress Tamala. She knew Miss Tamala had warned her about being
  respectful to her superiors and Suckle felt ashamed of herself for not remembering.
  As soon as Suckle dropped to her knees, she didn't wait to be told anything
  else. She wanted to 'make up' for her forgetfulness by demonstrating what a
  good whore she was. Suckle began to kiss Miss Lyric's toeless high heeled shoes.
  She kissed the straps going across the shoe ... first one and then the other
  ... then remembered Madame Sheri's admonition ... 'kiss, lick, use your tongue,
  kiss, lick, use your tongue' ... and immediately began to lick Miss Lyric's
  toes. Miss Lyric legs were bare and Suckle's mind was reeling with the feeling
  on her tongue on Miss Lyric's bare toes.  
 Miss Lyric was looking down at Suckle in almost total disbelief. She was
  always amazed at the times when Miss Tamala would tell her such things but
  now she was actually witnessing this white girl, dressed up in what appeared
  to be 'little girls clothes' sucking and licking so obediently on her toes.  
 Miss Tamala came over by Miss Lyric's chair and at the same time, Rudee
  got up from his chair and was standing next to Dr. Mary. They were all watching
  the slavish tongue and mouth of Suckle working on Miss Lyric's toes. Miss Tamala
  put her arm around Miss Lyric in a little hug.  
 "Do you like the way it feels honey?" she said to Miss Lyric. "Does it feel
  good to have your very own white pig girl cleaning your toes for you?"  
 "Oh God, yes, yes," Miss Lyric answered in a very happy and ecstatic sounding
  voice. "Damn, look at her suck and use her tongue!"  
 Miss Tamala could see how excited Miss Lyric was getting. She leaned down
  and gave Miss Lyric's breast a little squeeze and brought her mouth close to
  her ear. "Why don't you slip your shoe off honey," Miss Tamala whispered in
  Miss Lyric's ear, "the little fucking white pig has been trained to do anything
  we tell her to."  
 "Really?" Miss Lyric answered still in somewhat disbelief that anyone could
  have such power over someone else. "Will she really do anything you tell her
  to?" Even as Miss Lyric was saying this she was slipping off her pretty toeless
  high heel.  
 Dr. Mary watched the high heel shoe coming off as did Miss Tamala and Mr.
  Rudee. Miss Tamala had a big smile on her face watching the training her and
  Dr. Mary had instilled in Suckle coming to fruition. Dr. Mary walked back over
  to her chair and picked up a riding crop she had carried in with her. It was
  a fancy riding crop, made of black leather and was somewhat stiffer than most
  riding crops. It had very little flexibility in it and was used mostly to train
  very wild horses and to teach these horses by painful means who their Mistress
  or Master was.  
 Miss Tamala kept her eyes on Dr. Mary. She knew Dr. Mary was reaching her
  peak arousal and she knew from experience how nasty Dr. Mary could become in
  this frame of mind. Nevertheless, she also knew that her 'mentor' was going
  to have her way, no matter what. Miss Tamala reached over Miss Lyric's shoulders
  and squeezed both of her breasts. Miss Tamala was getting excited just by squeezing
  Miss Lyric's beautiful breasts, something she had wanted to do for a long time.
  But she also knew she had to keep Miss Lyric aroused and prepared for what
  was going to happen next. Miss Tamala put her ear next to Miss Lyric's ear
  and began to whisper loudly enough so every one could hear.  
 "Watch my honey Lyric," Miss Tamala began, "watch how a superior African
  American woman should be treated by a white whore girl. Watch how we train
  our white pig girls to be obedient to us."  
 Dr. Mary walked back over to the kneeling and licking Suckle. Suckle knew
  better than to stop doing what she was doing without being give an order to
  do so. Dr. Mary reached down with the crop, put the tip under Suckle's chin
  and raised her face upward until she was looking upward and her eyes met the
  stern looking eyes of Dr. Mary.  
 "Now you stupid fucking moron," Dr. Mary almost spit the words out at Suckle
  with a terrorizing look on her face, "I want you to demonstrate for our guest
  Mistress Lyric what a good foot cleaner you are. And if you fail to make Mistress
  Tamala and myself proud of you, this is a sample of what you are going to get."  
 The words 'stupid fucking moron' once again bit into Suckle's mind like
  a knife piercing her brain. What very little self esteem Suckle had left seemed
  to seep out of her pores. But she didn't even get a second to contemplate what
  was coming next, but somewhere in the back of her mind ... she knew!  
 "Whish" ... the familiar sound of an instrument of pain that Suckle had
  heard before was cutting through the still air in the room. Then it was the
  familiar bright flash of light that shot across Suckle eyes and the pain ...
  the pain shot through Suckle's complete body as Dr. Mary's crop made contact
  with its target. It struck Suckle high on her back, almost across her shoulder
  blades. So hard was the blow that it ripped Suckle pretty white blouse almost
  from shoulder to shoulder.  
 "Aaaahhhhhhhhh ... oooohhhhh ... eeeeeeee ... aaahhh ... aahh ... oh, oh,
  oh" the cries left Suckle's mouth a second after the loud whacking sound filled
  the room. Suckle was breathing hard and fast, sucking in large gulps of air.  
 "Holy shit ... geeze ... wow," Miss Lyric almost jumped out of her chair
  at what she just witnessed. "Damn, that was hard," she said in a surprised
  tone of voice.  
 Miss Tamala saw the startled look on Miss Lyric's face. She quickly and
  lightly rubbed her hands all around Miss Lyric's breasts and again whispered
  in her ear loud enough for everyone to hear.  
 "It's all right ... it's all right," Miss Tamala said in a reassuring tone
  of voice. "It's all part of the whore's training. She loves it ... just watch
  honey, just watch."  
 Dr. Mary leaned down and started tearing the already ripped blouse from
  Suckle's shoulders. Then she grabbed Suckle's hair and pulled it back hard
  so her head was completely backward almost on a forty five degree angle. She
  pulled the rest of the torn blouse off Suckle's arms. Suckle's breasts sprung
  free and were now visible to everyone who cared to look. The tears were streaming
  down Suckle's face causing little thin streaks of black eye liner to mix in
  with the red circles Miss Tamala had painted on her cheeks with lipstick.  
 Dr. Mary let go of Suckle's hair and Suckle's head was upright again. Then
  Dr. Mary began to fondle Suckle's breasts ... first one and then the other.
  She had a smile on her face. It was a gentle, almost kind smile now that Suckle
  saw. Then the familiar 'teaching' voice of Dr. Mary started again.  
 "There, there now slut," Dr. Mary's much softer sounding voice began. "You
  know you have to be a good girl for your Mistresses don't you."  
 "Ye ... yes ... yes, Ma'am ... yes Ma'am, Suckle understands Ma'am, yes," Suckle
  answered in between little sobs. "Suckle understands ... ah ... that she must
  learn to be a good girl."  
 It was the first time Mistress Lyric had heard Suckle's voice. Suckle's
  voice tone was even more higher pitched than usual because of the way she was
  taking in fast little gulps of air in between the subsiding sobs. She felt
  a little tingling going throughout her body and for the first time she felt
  an awakening deep in her vagina. "Damn," she thought to herself, "I never thought
  something like this would start to turn me on, but it does."  
 Mr. Rudee was dressed in his usual tight sweat pants and a pull over sweat
  shirt. It was no secret that Mr. Rudee liked to show off his body build. "It's
  a form of advertising," he always told his wife Lyric. "After all, I'm a physical
  trainer and that's my business I'm advertising." But now that tight sweat pants
  had an extraordinary large bulge in the front and it was apparent to anyone
  looking that he was getting an erection watching Dr. Mary's training methods.  
 Dr. Mary kept using her 'expert technique' on Suckle's breasts. She would
  put her large brown hand around Suckle's pure white breast and squeeze ...
  first one, then the other. She would run her beautifully manicured finger nails
  around the little brown circles of Suckle's breasts and then end up taking
  Suckle's nipples between her forefinger and thumb and pull on them ... first
  a little bit ... then a little bit further.  
 "See my little fucking moron," Dr. Mary was saying to Suckle in a soft sexy
  sounding voice, "see how good that feels to our little dirty slut. You can't
  help your self it if this makes you excited can you. You know why?" Then without
  giving Suckle a chance to answer the question she just asked she added, "because
  you are a dirty piggy girl, that's why, and all of your superiors know it.
  Isn't that right?"  
 Suckle, in her own mind, couldn't deny the feelings beginning to convulse
  through her body. She was still somewhat aroused at the events that happened
  a little while ago outside. Now this manipulation of her breasts, even though
  sometimes painful when Dr. Mary was pulling the nipples out further and further,
  was causing her to feel that downward pressure on her stomach muscles leading
  down to her vagina. She even started to push down and up on her lower trunk
  in a motion that almost simulated a fucking motion ... as though she was just
  shamelessly fucking the thin air. After a few minutes the sobbing stopped.
  Suckle's arousal was starting to reach new heights and the sobbing was replaced
  by a smile on Suckle's face ... a smile that gave off the impression of a little
  wickedness.  
 "Yes, yes ... oh, yes Ma'am," Suckle began to answer Dr. Mary's last question. "Yes
  ... Suckle is a piggy ... Suckle is a moron ... Suckle is a whore ... yes,
  yes, Suckle is a slut ..." Suckle's mind was running on all cylinders now ...
  all the cylinders that had been recalibrated by her trainers the last few days.
  It seemed like the more she degraded herself the more she wanted to do it.  
 "See ... see," Miss Tamala said to Miss Lyric. "See how our little white
  whore is reacting honey. She knows she is a slut and a stupid whore. She knows
  this is all she is good for." Miss Tamala's voice was reflecting the building
  excitement she was feeling.  
 "Holy shit," Mistress Lyric said in a surprised but pleasant tone of voice. "Look
  Rudee, the fucker really does like it. Damn, she acts like a fucking trained
  animal ... like a human dog or something," Mistress Lyric was saying to Rudee
  in an almost unbelieving tone of voice.  
 "Yeah," Mr. Rudee answered, "but all this stuff is giving me a hard on."  
 "Ha, ha, ha," Miss Tamala laughed at their guests. "Hell, it gets a lot
  better than this." She stopped caressing Miss Lyric's breasts and walked over
  to Suckle.  
 Dr. Mary moved slightly away from Suckle and said, "push out your chest
  and stick out your tits so Mistress Lyric and Master Rudee can see them."  
 Suckle immediately did as she was told. Her breasts appeared to be slightly
  swollen and had deep red fingers marks made by Dr. Mary's hands. Her nipples
  appeared to be almost standing at attention they were so hard. Yet Suckle pushed
  her chest out even further as though she was proud of what she was doing. She
  had a very lustful smile on her face now. Both Mistress Tamala and Dr. Mary
  knew Suckle's motor was running. They knew her sexual arousal was climbing
  toward its peak and this is when Suckle was most susceptible to suggestions
  and most obedient to commands.  
 "Now my fucking worthless whore," Miss Tamala was obviously taking over
  the training and demonstration. "Now greet Mistress Lyric and Master Rudee
  properly," she ordered Suckle.  
 Yes, Mistress Tamala," Suckle answered. "Greetings Mistress Lyric and Master
  Rudee," Suckle began. "My name is Suckle. I belong to Miss Tamala. She is my
  owner and Mistress. I am a brainless slut. My Mistress, through her enormous
  generosity has undertaken the responsibility for my further education. I dedicate
  myself to work hard to always bring pleasure and comfort to my Mistress and
  to make her proud to own me."  
 "Well I'll be damned," Miss Lyric said to Miss Tamala. "That's the wildest
  thing I ever saw. Geeze, I love it. I love it," Miss Lyric continued in an
  excited tone of voice.  
 Miss Tamala gave Suckle her 'puppy pet' ... petting Suckle's head back and
  forth with the palm of her hand. "Good little whore ... good little whore," she
  said as she petted her. Suckle immediately got a large smile on her face. She
  was being rewarded for 'being good' and it showed on her face.  
 "Now let's show Mistress Lyric what a good foot cleaner you are," Miss Tamala
  said to Suckle in a soft sweet sounding voice.  
 "Oh yes, Mistress Tamala, yes Ma'am," Suckle answered as through she was
  given permission for something she really wanted to do ... and she did!  
 Miss Lyric raised her beautiful and well pedicured light brown bare foot
  up a few inches off the floor and Suckle immediately bent down to meet her
  foot. She started to lick with her tongue along Miss Lyric's toes and she was
  really doing it with a lot of enthusiasm. Dr. Mary walked behind Suckle and
  picked up her skirt with the crop tip. She turned the crop around so the thick
  part was almost touching Suckle's pussy. Then she started to rub the crop handle
  softly up and down Suckle slit, going in a little deeper with each rub.  
 "The little fucking moron is soaking wet," Dr. Mary said to everyone in
  the room as though she was talking about some 'object.' Then Dr. Mary spoke
  to Suckle. "Talk to yourself while you're cleaning Mistress Lyric's feet ...
  talk to yourself out loud so we can hear what you are doing," Dr. Mary instructed
  Suckle while continuing to keep Suckle highly aroused with the crop handle
  in her pussy.  
 "Aahh ... Suckle is sucking toes ... Suckle is licking the soles of feet
  ... Suckle cleaning between toes with tongue ... Suckle is sucking ... Suckle
  licking ... Suckle takes toes in mouth and sucks ... sucks ... hhmmm ... aahhhh
  ... hhhmmm ... Suckle sucks ... Suckle is a moron ... Suckle is a slut ...".  
 Everyone was smiling at each other. It seemed like this white girl, this
  girl kneeling and working so hard to please her Mistress and to please Mistress
  Lyric was almost out of control. She was babbling ... and she was doing it
  out loud ... she was doing it with enthusiasm ... she was doing it as though
  her life depended on it ... and the more Dr. Mary worked the crop in and out
  of her pussy and more it egged her on!  
 Miss Tamala walked back over to the back of Miss Lyric's chair. She bent
  over and put her arms over Miss Lyric's shoulders, letting her hands drop inside
  of Miss Lyric's low cut blouse ... one hand on each of her breasts. She softly
  pushed her hands inside of Miss Lyric's bra until she had cupped each of her
  breasts, then softly began squeezing and fondling them.  
 "Do you like to have your toes and foot sucked and licked honey?" Miss Tamala
  asked Miss Lyric.  
 "Oh God, yes ... damn, it feels good. Look at the way she sucks between
  my toes. Ha, ha, ha ... the fucking cunt is a damn good sucker, isn't she?" Miss
  Lyric answered in a heightened tone of excitement.  
 Miss Tamala got a big smile on her face. She happy at the way Miss Lyric
  was responding to Suckle. She always thought she would like to bring Miss Lyric
  into hers and Dr. Mary's little organization of dominant Mistresses. Beside
  that, she thought that some day she may like to make love to Miss Lyric. She
  was really a very beautiful woman and Miss Tamala liked the thoughts having
  her in their fold.  
 "Would you like to punish her?" Miss Tamala asked Miss Lyric.  
 "Huh ... punish her, you mean really ...," Miss Lyric answered trying to
  understand exactly what Miss Tamala meant.  
 "Sure," Miss Tamala replied in a tone of voice that seemed to indicate it
  was just the 'natural' thing to do. "How about giving the moron a slap in the
  face? It will make you feel nice and warm and wet down here," Miss Tamala continued,
  removing one of her hands from Miss Lyric's breast and rubbing her between
  her legs.  
 "Really ... I mean, ah ... could I do that ... would it be all right?" Miss
  Lyric replied somewhat surprised at her own feelings of really wanting to see
  what it felt like to slap Suckle's face.  
 "Sure, sure you can honey ... its fun. Here, I'll get the fucking bitch
  ready for you," Miss Tamala said leaving the back of Miss Lyric's chair and
  walking around to stand by Suckle. Dr. Mary saw Miss Tamala coming and took
  the handle crop out of Suckle's soaking pussy and stepped back.  
 "Stop bitch," Miss Tamala yelled down at the kneeling Suckle in that firm
  tone of voice. "Bring your stupid face up here ... put your arms behind your
  back and clasp your hands ... push your tits out and keep your back straight," the
  orders were coming fast from Miss Tamala now and Suckle was responding to each
  and every one just the way she was trained to do ... without even thinking,
  just obeying them as fast as they came. "Now, don't you have something to say
  to the beautiful Mistress Lyric?" Miss Tamala continued.  
 Suckle was on her knees in the exact position her Mistress had ordered.
  But now Suckle was trying to think again. She knew she was being 'tested' by
  Mistress Tamala ... she knew she was required to do something, but it was becoming
  so hard for her to think anymore. "Something ... say ... something to Mistess
  Lyric ... oh, oh ... give thanks ... yes, that's it, give thanks," Suckle was
  struggling to think to herself and felt a little relieved that she had remembered
  she was always required to give thanks to one of her superiors when they bestowed
  a privilege to her.  
 "Well?" Miss Tamala was losing patience with Suckle.  
 "Ah ... Mistress Lyric," Suckle began speaking, "you are very beautiful
  Mistress, and ... ah ... ah, thank you for allowing Suckle the whore to suck
  and clean your ... your ... ah, your beautiful toes and ... ah, your beautiful
  feet ...". With each word that Suckle spoke she could feel the exhilaration
  of submissiveness flowing through and lighting up her senses. But Suckle was
  snapped back from the sensations she was feeling by the sound of her Mistress's
  voice again.  
 "Make a happy face for Mistress Lyric you stupid brainless pig," Mistress
  Tamala yelled at Suckle. "Mistress Lyric wants to slap your face and no one
  wants to slap a stupid looking face. Make a big happy face and stick your face
  out so Mistress Lyric doesn't have to stretch," Mistress Tamala kept yelling
  at Suckle while she walked back to stand beside Miss Lyric.  
 Suckle had a big lustful smile on her face as she pushed her head forward
  just in front of Miss Lyric's knees. Suckle felt the adrenaline pumping through
  her veins. It was apparent to everyone in the room that Suckle wanted to be
  slapped. She actually wanted to feel the sting of this beautiful model-like
  woman's hand on her face. Suckle was breathing a little more rapidly now in
  anticipation.  
 "Go ahead Lyric honey, give the bitch a slap, see how good it feels to you," Miss
  Tamala spoke to Miss Lyric in a much softer encouraging voice.  
 "Oh God, geeze ... can I really do this?" Miss Lyric was questioning herself
  even as she began to raise her hand.  
 "Sure you can Lyric honey. Wait until you feel the power rush go through
  you. I guarantee you will love it ... go ahead," Miss Tamala continued trying
  to encourage Miss Lyric.  
 Miss Lyric raised her hand about six inches from Suckle's face. She pulled
  her lips inward and squeezed them together and swung her hand toward Suckle
  face.  
 "Swalap" the little light sound came as Miss Lyric's hand make contact with
  Suckle's face.  
 "Ha, ha, ha," both Miss Tamala and Dr. Mary began to laugh at the very first
  slap Miss Lyric had applied to Suckle's face. "Lyric baby, what the fuck was
  that," Miss Tamala said in a laughing, teasing tone of voice. "Shit, the little
  whore would never learn anything from a slap like that. Here, let me show you
  how it's done," Miss Tamala continued talking as she moved toward the kneeling
  Suckle.  
 "No, no, honey girl, this lesson is mine. I'm just in the right mood," Dr.
  Mary broke in while holding her hand up to stop Mistress Mary's approach toward
  Suckle.  
 Suckle stood passively on her knees. The slap Miss Lyric had applied to
  her face did sting a little. But when she heard Dr. Mary's voice she immediately
  began to tremble. She knew all too well now, just what Dr. Mary was capable
  of. So did Miss Tamala. Miss Tamala also knew better than to try to interfere
  with her 'mentor.' "What the hell," Miss Tamala thought to herself, "Dr. Mary
  is tough but I can't argue with the results she gets."  
 "Sit back and enjoy my darling Lyric," Dr. Mary said as she approached Suckle.
  Dr. Mary reached down and gathered up the braids Miss Tamala had made in Suckle's
  hair. She pulled them upward from both sides of Suckle's head until she had
  all the braids bunched up in one pile and she could grip them on top of Suckle's
  head and hold them in one hand. Then she put her free hand in front of Suckle's
  face and by her mouth.  
 "Kiss my hand bitch," Dr. Mary said to Suckle in a calm steady tone of voice. "Kiss
  my hand and show me how much you adore the hand that teaches you what you are."  
 Suckle knew this was the 'calm before the storm.' She knew what was coming
  and yet she could no longer help herself. She couldn't fight the feelings that
  Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had caused to surface from her personality. Her submissive
  nature and orientation had now controlled every part of her brain. She glanced
  up at the strong and stern face of Dr. Mary's dark skinned face. She looked
  straight into the black eye balls and those eye balls were looking right back
  at her in utter contempt. Suckle watched as Dr. Mary bent over and brought
  her face to within inches of her own face. She watched Dr. Mary's mouth come
  closer to her lips, and finally came to rest on her lips. Dr. Mary was kissing
  Suckle, kissing her right on the mouth. Suckle's vagina was flowing freely
  now. She was reaching uncontainable heights of arousal.  
 Dr. Mary pulled her head back from Suckle's mouth. "Open and stick your
  tongue out little piggy," Dr. Mary said in her 'teaching' voice. Suckle immediately
  obeyed getting even more excited if that was possible. "Watch my lips ... watch
  my lips," Dr. Mary said to Suckle as she moved her mouth and closed lips around
  and around. Suckle knew what this motion signified. She knew Dr. Mary was gathering
  up a large portion of saliva ... and Suckle only pushed her tongue out further.
  She so desperately wanted to please Dr. Mary, and by pleasing Dr. Mary, pleasing
  herself.  
 Dr. Mary brought her lips closer and let the first large glob of saliva
  drip onto Suckle outstretched tongue. And Suckle didn't move an inch. She knew
  better. She knew Dr. Mary would tell her what to do. Dr. Mary again let another
  even larger glob of saliva drip on Suckle's tongue. Suckle's tongue was almost
  totally covered with Dr. Mary saliva ... so much that it appeared to be almost
  a mountain of white bubbly secretions.  
 Dr. Mary straightened herself up. She moved just slightly to the side of
  Suckle so Miss Lyric, Mr. Rudee and Miss Tamala could look at Suckle's saliva
  filled mouth. Both Miss Lyric and Mr. Rudee appeared to be extremely excited.
  Mr. Rudee had moved closer to his wife Miss Lyric and was now unashamedly rubbing
  the increasing bulge in his sweat pants. Miss Lyric too was rubbing her hands
  between her legs. Dr. Mary just smiled at them. It was a 'knowing' smile, a
  smile that told her both of her 'guests' were indeed getting 'turned on' by
  the demonstration of her complete dominance over Suckle. Dr. Mary turned her
  attention back to Suckle.  
 "Run my spit around your mouth bitch," the voice of Dr. Mary had changed
  again. Back was the stern tone; the tone of voice that Suckle knew only too
  well was to be obeyed at all costs. "And make sure you show my guests how much
  you enjoy the spit of your trainer."  
 Suckle did exactly as she was instructed. She got a big smile on her face,
  a happy face that Dr. Mary and Miss Tamala had taught her she was to use to
  demonstrate her obedience and enjoyment of the 'reward' she was given. Miss
  Lyric and Mr. Rudee stood transfixed by the sight before their eyes. Here was
  this bare chested, pretty white girl kneeing before them, hands still behind
  her back, and the braids of her hair on top of her head being held by the golden
  brown and perfectly manicured hand of Dr. Mary. And she was slurping the saliva
  of Dr. Mary around in her mouth as though it was the sweetest candy in the
  world.  
 "Swallow," Dr. Mary practically yelled at Suckle. "And then open your mouth
  to show everybody that my spit is now in your pig belly."  
 Again Suckle obeyed, doing exactly as she was instructed.  
 Dr. Mary moved a little closer to Suckle and positioned herself directly
  in front of her face. Dr. Mary's facial features seemed to change instantaneously
  into a fierce looking, no nonsense expression. Now she pulled on the braids
  that she gripped on top of Suckle's head until her body was in a straight line
  from her knees to the top of her head. Suckle seemed to be stretched out as
  far as she could go in this position. Then Dr. Mary raised her free hand high
  above her head. She took a deep breath, closed her lips together in a biting
  manner and swung her hand with all her physical might.  
 "Craaaaccccckkkkk!" the sound of Dr. Mary's hand making contact with Suckle's
  face filled the room. For a moment it seemed as though the whole room shook
  and even the drapes on the one wall seemed to move from the concussion. If
  Suckle's head wasn't being held in place by Dr. Mary's other hand it could
  have possibly spun a complete rotation.  
 "Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh ... eeeeeeeeeeee ... aaaahhhhhhhhhh ..." the loud cries
  of Suckle's screeching voice mixed in with the still reverberating sounds of
  the slap also filled the room.  
 Dr. Mary changed hands. She replaced the hand holding the braids of Suckle's
  hair with the free hand that she had just used to slap Suckle. She again raised
  her free hand high over her head, and again slapped the other side of Suckle's
  face. Again the loud cracking sound mixed in with Suckle's cries filled the
  room. Dr. Mary repeated this process three more times. Then she stepped to
  the side of Suckle to give everyone a good view of her 'finished product.'  
 Suckle face was complete red ... a very deep red ... almost a blood red.
  There were finger marks all over both sides of her face that were even a deeper
  red in color. Tears flooded down the face of Suckle's no longer smiling face.
  She took on the appearance of a beaten rag doll.  
 Both Miss Lyric and Mr. Rudee had large lustful smiles on their faces. They
  were still rubbing themselves ... Miss Lyric now had both of her hands under
  her skirt and Mr. Rudee had pulled down his sweat pants and was vigorously
  masturbating himself. Miss Tamala, unable to contain herself was also masturbating
  herself.  
 Dr. Mary had hiked her own white medical smock up and had pulled down her
  white panties. She pulled Suckles beaten and crying face in between her legs. "You
  motherfucking stupid bitch," she yelled at Suckle. "You got me fucking hot
  you bastard. Now finish me off!"  
 As Suckle began to suck Dr. Mary's pussy in between sobs and deep gulps
  of air, she could hear her trainer's voice above her. "Oh shit, I love it this
  way. Yes, yes ... I love to feel the heat of a white whore's face that I had
  just beaten on my thighs. Eat you motherfucking slimy slut ... eat it all and
  make me cum ... yes ... yes, that's it ... that's it ... drink everything I
  give you!"  
 It was obvious that Dr. Mary's sexual needs had taken over. Her voice was
  loud and the expletives and degrading words she shouted at Suckle only intensified.
  Miss Tamala had bent over and was now kissing Miss Lyric in a very deep kiss.
  Both were reaching their orgasms and as they were getting there they only kissed
  deeper and deeper. Mr. Rudee had long ago abandoned concern about exposing
  himself and masturbating in front of anybody. He too was fast reaching his
  release.  
 Ten minutes had passed. Everyone was back sitting around the table. Suckle
  was almost completely under Miss Tamala's chair lying on her side. Madame Sheri's
  oriental waitresses and servants had placed a large and scrupulous brunch on
  the table. The smell of delicious food filled dining room eight. Brunch was
  served!!!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DocilePet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





