BDSM Library - Summer at the Beach




Summer at the Beach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two young women are abducted, placed in mortal danger, raped and brutally sodomized.Summer at the Beach  
It all started very simply, with me (Sandra, Sandy for short, how appropriate,
  laughing) and my friend Ruth drinking is a beach-side bar outside of Savannah,
  Georgia. Now I grew up at the beach, so such haunts were old stomping grounds
  for me. Ruth on the other hand had grown up in Indiana. We were both students
  at the time, down to the beach for a good time.  
I looked over at Ruth. She was indeed striking, moderately tall, thin, with
  almost white blonde hair falling well below her shoulders, and a very pale
  complexion to go with it. She would flip her hair as she spoke, and I knew
  from rooming with her it was naturally that color. We used to joke that her
  pussy hair was so fair no one could see it. Her features were fine, and her
  thin jaw looked like she should be a model. Her pale blue eyes had a mischievous
  glint, especially as she began to flirt. Tonight she had on a very thin silk
  blouse, open almost to the middle of her cleavage. All could see she wore no
  bra for her perky nipples stuck out prominently through the sheer silk. Her
  tits were not large, probably only a 34B or so, but they were very firm and
  stood out proudly from her slim body even without a bra. Her waist was quite
  slim, with a hard midriff, sporting a little sparking belly button piercing.
  Tonight she was wearing a little black, short leatherette skirt, which barely
  covered her tight ass. Underneath she wore a red thong which she flashed at
  men as she crossed her legs. She was only 19 at the time, as was I, but she
  looked like she was ready for action. Her long legs crossed again, the firm
  muscles showing she was a runner, although she would not run far tonight in
  the 3&rdquo; heels she was wearing.  
As for me, I am afraid I was never the athlete Ruth is. At 5&rsquo;6&rdquo; and
  120 lbs. I was not fat (Have put on 10 lbs or so since then, but I still think
  I look pretty good). Tonight I too was wearing heels, something I rarely did,
  and a short brown skirt over white bikini panties, nothing as flirty as Ruth.
  I had on a little plaid top which tied below my boobs leaving my midriff bare.
  It was carefully, unbuttoned to show my cleavage and a little of the black
  lacy bra I was wearing. That was necessary because my 34D&rsquo;s would never
  stand out like Ruth&rsquo;s. They were still youthfully firm, but sheer size
  meant gravity would win. My crowning glory has always been my hair. When I
  was young it was bright carrot red. Now it has darkened just a little, but
  it was still a striking color, especially contrasting with my pale white skin.
  Now my crotch was itching, for we had both shaved yesterday for our trip, me
  leaving a little triangle of bright orange fuzz to prove my natural color,
  Ruth completely, for as we said it was too pale to see anyway. I was always
  amazed at how small her pussy was for a 19 year old. We joked that a picture
  of her pussy would get someone arrested for kiddy porn. I was not much bigger,
  and in fact yesterday we had fooled around with the digital camera, photographing
  our newly shorn pussies and posting them on some message boards, just to see
  how many pedophiles we could attract.  
I was trying to figure out how to scratch that itch, when two Bubbas from
  the country sat down next too us. I looked at Ruth in disgust; I had no intention
  of being laid by a Bubba shrimper tonight. They even smelled slightly of fish,
  yuck! They introduced themselves, but I didn&rsquo;t even remember there names.
  I tried to ignore them completely, but Ruth was being snippy and making snide
  comments, which we both assumed would go right over their stupid heads. They
  persisted for some time, chatting with the bar keeper who they obviously knew
  well. Finally they gave up on us and wandered off.  
Soon we were becoming very bored. We had thought there would be a lot of college
  guys down here to fuck, but few quality takers had appeared. We started talking
  with the bar guy, who was actually in college, but had come home to Savannah
  for the summer. We were about to try another bar when he offered us one last
  drink, his specialty. We joked with him about not spiking our drinks, finished
  that drink and started to leave.  
As we got outside approaching our car, I began to feel very lightheaded. I
  managed to unlock it, but was not feeling well at all. I asked Ruth if she
  could drive, but she looked in worse shape than I was. Suddenly it struck me,
  what had he put in that drink? My stomach was turning, my head was spinning,
  my knees were about to give out. Ruth sort of slumped into the passenger seat,
  her long legs hanging out of the car. Suddenly, there was Bubba 1 and Bubba
  2. The last thing I remember is being picked up and thrown into the back of
  a pickup truck that smelled of dead fish. A lifeless sack of flesh landed next
  to me, Ruth, and a foul smelling net was thrown over the top. That was all.  
Consciousness very slowly returned. My head was pounding. Opening one eye
  I saw a full moon overhead and felt wet sand on my back. I tried to move my
  hand to my head, but it would not move. I tried to move my legs to no avail.
  I seemed paralyzed. Then I realized it was not paralysis, but ropes! Looking
  down, I saw my naked legs splayed out lewdly, and tied to two posts driven
  deep into the sand. Looking up I saw my arms also splayed out and tied to two
  more posts. My clothes were all gone. I was completely naked spread eagled
  on a beach somewhere.  
What time was it, how long had it been? I looked up at the sky. The moon was
  just past overhead and full, therefore a little after midnight. I looked to
  my left and there was Ruth. She still seemed to be unconscious and she too
  was spread eagled, tied to four posts in the sand. The ropes were course and
  bit into her pale flesh. Her blond hair shown in the moonlight, framing her
  angelic, pale face. Those damn perky tits were standing at attention as usual,
  the tips pointing toward the sky.  
&ldquo;Ruth, Ruth,&rdquo; I whispered, but there was no response. I tried
  pulling at the ropes but they were very tight, and the posts must have been
  very deep, for I could get no movement whatsoever. Slowly, something began
  to gnaw at the back of my conscious mind. I had grown up on the beach, and
  a vague terror was starting to build. The surf, I could hear the surf and it
  was very close. I was lying on wet sand! The moon was just past overhead and
  full! Oh my God, the tide! We are tied below the high tied line or the sand
  would not be wet! And the tide is coming in!  
I craned my neck to see how high the tide had come before, but it was hard
  to make out at this angle. I knew that the tide following the moon would be
  even bigger, and it would pass right over us for sure. Slowly drowning, God
  what a horrible way to go. I was pulling frantically at the ropes now with
  all my strength, but it was no use they would not move at all. &ldquo;Ruth,
  Ruth, wake up!&rdquo; I tried and tried to wake her, but got no response. Finally,
  she gave a little moan. &ldquo;Ruth, Ruth, come on, wake up!&rdquo;  
Finally she came to enough to realize she was tied and began to swear. I tried
  to calm her down and explain about the tide, but she did not seem to understand
  our predicament. Then I felt the first splash on my foot. I guess Ruth felt
  it too, because she suddenly exclaimed, &ldquo;The water, the water is rising!&rdquo;  
No Duh, I thought, you stupid land lubber. I felt another wave splash my foot
  and desperately tried to remember everything I knew about the Georgia coast.
  The tidal range was big, between 6 and 10 feet, and this was high tide so it
  would be big. I looked up the beach as far as I could trying to pick up the
  last high water mark. It was above us quite a ways but the slope of the beach
  was low. In the moonlight it was hard to say but I was sure the waves would
  wash over our heads. I began to struggle as hard as I could against the ropes
  to no avail, nothing. Ruth was now becoming hysterical as the reality of our
  situation finally dawned on her. &ldquo;Ruth,&rdquo; I cried, &ldquo;Snap out
  of it. You&rsquo;re an athlete, see if you can loosen the posts.&rdquo;  
Ruth tugged and tugged, but I could tell she was getting nowhere. The tide
  was now lapping at my butt and the spray wetting my pussy. The salt spray stung
  as it struck my newly shaved pussy, heightening my terror.  
Suddenly I heard a low laugh, and footsteps in the sand. I looked to my right,
  away from Ruth, and there in the moonlight stood two hulking figure; Bubba
  1 and Bubba 2!  
&ldquo;Help, help,&rdquo; I naively yelled, &ldquo;Untie us, the tide is coming
  in!&rdquo;  
Bubba 1 through back his head with a loud laugh. &ldquo;Hey Billy Bob, we
  got a smart one! I think she&rsquo;s mine!&rdquo;  
Bubba 2 looked just a hair mad, but quickly laughed, &ldquo;Ok Jim Bob, I&rsquo;ll
  take the puny blond.&rdquo; Both laughed again as they approached. I could
  hear Ruth starting to plead, begging them to let her go.  
&ldquo;Now girls,&rdquo; Bubba 1 began, &ldquo;if we agree to let you little
  piggies go, what will you do for us?&rdquo;  
I could hear Ruth begging, saying she would do anything. I just looked at
  the hulking form above me. He knelt in the sand unzipping his pants. As he
  pulled out his hardening cock, he grasped my right breast and began to squeeze
  it, like he was inspecting a prize cow. Then he laughed as he began to squeeze
  the nipple, hard, until I yelped.  
&ldquo;Now Miss Piggy,&rdquo; he began, &ldquo;if you want to be untied first
  you must service my little friend here.&rdquo;  
With that he slapped my face with his growing cock. It was big, I will give
  him that, bigger than most I had ever seen. And now it was expanding even more
  as he slapped my face and mauled my tit. I readily opened my mouth and took
  the tip between my lips, anything to get free.  
I heard Ruth protesting, and I tried to shout to her around the swelling cock
  in my mouth to cooperate. Finally her cries were muffled, presumably by Bubba
  2&rsquo;s cock. I sucked and sucked on his growing cock, anything to get free.
  I did not want to drown here spread eagled on this deserted beach.  
Soon he had grabbed my head with both hands, one under my chin and the other
  on top, and then he really began to face fuck me. My jaws were aching around
  that huge cock, and the muscles were beginning to cramp. Ruth&rsquo;s protesting
  mewing had stopped, and all I could hear was a slurping sound as that companion
  cock slammed into her face.  
Bubba 1 continued to face fuck me for what seemed like an eternity. Every
  time I thought he was going to come he slowed down, and sometimes mauled my
  tits just for the fun of it. I could feel the bruises beginning to rise in
  my poor tits. The water was now under my shoulders and his knees were in the
  water. Spray from waves began to wet my face. Desperately I tried to suck harder,
  faster, deeper, harder, anything to make him com and get loose.  
Finally Bubba 1 through back his head and gave a moaning sort of laugh. I
  felt his cock tremble as he grabbed my head hard and rammed it deep down my
  throat. It began to pulse and pulse as I felt waves of cum flowing down my
  throat. I swallowed and swallowed, my throat muscles milking that member. I
  could not breathe.  
I guess I must have passed out briefly for the next thing I remember Bubba
  1 was standing over me; his feet in the surf laughing as he zipped up his fly.
  Looking over to my left I saw Ruth gasping for breath like a fish out of water
  as Bubba 2 also zipped up his fly. I tasted the remains of cum in my mouth
  and felt it on my cheeks.  
&ldquo;Well, girls, we&rsquo;ve got to go to work now. Shrimping is an early
  morning business.&rdquo; They both laughed as they began to walk away.  
&ldquo;No, No,&rdquo; I screamed, &ldquo;Come back! Untie us! You promised!
  No, no, you can&rsquo;t! We will drown! Nooooooooooo.&rdquo; I heard Ruth screaming
  too, but it did no good. Laughing they disappeared around a slight bend in
  the beach. Soon I heard a small motor of a launch which slowly died into the
  intertidal estuaries.  
Ruth was crying and I tried to comfort her. The water was now under my head,
  my hair was floating, and the waves would throw spray over my face. I realized
  that we were on a low energy beach for the waves were small. A bigger one washed
  over my face and the instinct born of living by the ocean caused me to hold
  my breath. Ruth had no such instinct, growing up in Indiana, and I could here
  her sputter as she spit out the surf.  
&ldquo;Ruth, Ruth,&rdquo; I called. &ldquo;Hold your breath when the waves
  come. Breath as they go out.&rdquo;  
We both lay there now gulping in air as the waves retreated, holding our breath
  as they washed over our faces. Higher and higher the tide came. Now we had
  to arch our heads up as high as we could to breath. How much higher could it
  go? Now ever breath required we lurch upward during a trough, grab a deep breath
  and then go back under the surf. We could barely get one gulp of air, and sometimes
  in a set we would have to go several cycles. If we missed we could choke to
  death.  
Finally I sensed that the water was retreating. I no longer had to lurch so
  violently upward to grab a breath. Slowly, slowly the water retreated until
  after what seemed an eternity we could lay on our back and breath normally,
  as long as we watched for that stray larger wave. I looked at the sky; the
  moon was getting lower and going down over the islands. Far to the East I could
  just see the first hint of dawn.  
&ldquo;Ow!&rdquo; I awoke with a start of something pinching my pussy lip,
  hard! I tried to open my eyes. Salt spray had evaporated on my eyelids, nearly
  sealing them. The sun was already fairly high in the sky. I looked down to
  see what was pinching me when it did it again. &ldquo;Ow, I cried again. Looking
  down between my splayed legs I saw a ghost crab in some sea weed which had
  lodged between my legs. He must have thought my pussy was a dead fish. &ldquo;Ow&rdquo; he
  pinched me again. &ldquo;Get away!&rdquo; I screamed trying to shake my legs
  as best I could, squirming back and forth against my bonds. The ghost crab
  looked startled and skittered away. Stopped, and looked back as if wanting
  more of this delicious treat it had found. Finally it skittered back to it&rsquo;s
  borrow and disappeared.  
I tried to luck around and see where we were. Ruth was still apparently still
  unconscious. From the position of the sun we must be facing almost due south.
  The waves were coming in with little force over some sand bars, and the beach
  had a very low slope. To my right the beach bent around the corner into an
  estuary of some kind from which the Bubbas had come. Across the estuary I could
  just make out in the distance the beginning of another island. We must be on
  the southern end of one of the barrier islands, but which one? In this inlet
  we could not be seen from the open ocean so the chance of us being rescued
  by a passing boat was almost nil. Our only hope was to be found by some beach
  goers, but this beach looked totally barren.  
I looked up at my wrists. They were rubbed raw against the ropes form our
  struggles. Looking down my ankles two were raw. Then it struck me. My pussy
  and lily white tits were already turning pink! We were staked out in the burning
  summer sun with no protection, no sun screen, and we were the palest of pale!
  We would be burned to a crisp by that blazing sun.  
&ldquo;Ruth, Ruth.&rdquo; I called, &ldquo;Wake up!&rdquo;  
Slowly Ruth tried to open one eye. Her perky tits were also turning pink as
  was her newly shaved pussy. It could not be 10 o&rsquo;clock yet I thought.
  And already I could feel my pale skin burning.  
I heard Ruth begin to cry softly as she awoke. Then she too realized our new
  predicament and began to struggle anew.  
It was no use. No matter what we did we could not move a single post. The
  sun beat down, now getting higher and higher. We were both sweating profusely,
  the sweat stinging as it worked its way into the open wounds on our wrists
  and ankles. At least we were still sweating. It would not be long in these
  conditions before we would run out of water, become dehydrated and die. We
  had both struggled until exhausted and now we lay quietly, feeling the sun
  burning our pale skins deeper and deeper. The sun was now just beyond maximum,
  and it must be getting near noon.  
Suddenly in the distance I heard a small motor. My hopes leaped. Maybe someone
  would find us. The motor stopped. I looked around and began to yell.  
&ldquo;Help, Help, Over here, Help!&rdquo; Ruth joined in my screams as we
  craned our necks hoping to see some picnickers or other beach goers coming
  around the corner.  
Suddenly our hopes fell. There striding up the beach were the same hulking
  bubbas! They were laughing as they approached; obviously delighted we had survived
  the tide. Bubba 1 kneeled down next to me, carefully peeling the seaweed away
  from my burning pussy. He smacked it lightly. The burning flesh sent shock
  waves to my brain. He fondled my breasts which were also burning under his
  touch. Bright white patches appeared where his fingers were then, the bright
  crimson would return.  
&ldquo;Please, please,&rdquo; we both began pleasing, &ldquo;let us go, we
  will do anything, Please please.&rdquo;  
Bubba 1 laughed, &ldquo;I bet you are thirsty aren&rsquo;t you piggy?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Oh yes, please give us something to drink, please,&rdquo; I began to
  beg. He laughed and slowly unzipped his fly. Oh no I thought he wouldn&rsquo;t.  
Suddenly a yellow stream of piss began to fall on my face. It flashed into
  my mind that if he had been drinking a lot of beer last night his piss would
  not be too concentrated, and it would certainly be better for me than the salt
  water we had already ingested last night. I opened my mouth and began to swallow
  his pee. He was delighted and began to laugh and laugh. I tried to tell Ruth
  to do the same, but she would have none of it. I realized I was right. His
  piss was not very concentrated. My body could use it to survive at least a
  little longer.  
Like a fish out of water I gulped down all of the pale yellow piss I could.
  Finally when he was finished he was laughing so hard I thought it would fall
  over. He turned away and slowly began to undress. Over to my left I saw Bubba
  2 doing the same thing.  
Now he was lying next to me. His flabby belly against my waist, his hands
  smelling of fish mauling my burning tits. He ran one hand down over my burning
  pussy and began to play with my clit. Despite myself I could feel my self getting
  turned one. Slowly he invaded my pussy with a fishy finger. He massaged my
  lips pinching them, and then placed a full kiss on my lips.  
&ldquo;If you want to live, piggy, you better treat me good!&rdquo; he warned.
  I opened my mouth and cooperating, entwining my tongue with his. His breath
  was not too bad, but a day beard growth rubbed against my sun sensitized skin.
  He lowered his head to my tit and began to suck on the nipple. The burning
  sun had caused to enlarge so already they were ultra sensitive. Out of the
  corner of my eye I saw Ruth getting the same treatment.  
I felt his huge cock growing hard against my thigh. He humped against me,
  pressing his expanding organ into my hip as he sucked on my tit. Tiring of
  this he started slapping my super sensitive tits. I began to scream as the
  pain of my burned tits was just too much. In the background I could hear Ruth&rsquo;s
  screams blending with mine.  
His cock was now rock hard. Fiendishly he picked up a handful of sand and
  began to sprinkle it on my burning flesh. Now he slowly placed himself above
  me and lowered his flabby body onto mine. The grains of stand bit into my burning
  flesh like a thousand needles. I screamed and screamed and he rubbed his flabby
  body back and forth grinding the bits of rock deep into my burning flesh. The
  pain was so bad. I screamed uncontrollable.  
Finally I felt his large organ begin to push against my small pussy. He could
  see it was going to be a very tight fit, for he reached down and pride my lips
  open as far as they would go. He spit on his fingers and worked the spittle
  into my pussy. They laughing in an evil cackle he sprinkled some sand into
  my pussy!  
Now as his oversized organ began to push into my tiny pussy the sand grains
  ripped at the lining, rubbing it raw. It must have hurt him to, but he gave
  no sign, and his member just seemed to grow bigger and bigger. Despite the
  pain, or maybe because of it, I could feel my pussy begin to respond with a
  flood of its own.  
Slowly my screams of pain were becoming mixed with moans of lust. I could
  hear Ruth also begin to quiet after her outraged screams as her tiny pussy
  was violated. Both of us normally loved to fuck, but this was far different.  
Faster and faster he ground away at my pussy. His huge member worked its way
  deeper and deeper, finally bottoming against my cervix and still pushing forward.
  I screamed anew in pain as I felt him spread my cervix with the tip of his
  cock, banging against that deeper portal. He propped himself up on his arms
  and then slammed back into me faster and faster, under his breath he was swearing
  in my ear.  
Louder and louder he called me names, piggy, slut, whore, and the more he
  insulted me the more it turned me on. My pussy was ablaze now, and not just
  from the sun. My linings gushed liquid, lubricating the massive shaft pounding
  deep into my tiny cunt.  
Now my moans turned to moans of pleasure, my body began to shack uncontrollably,
  my mouth gapped open and I began to vibrate like a rubber band, incoherent
  animal sounds came from my mouth, as I arched up to get even more of him despite
  myself, now totally out of my mind.  
I finally felt his member swell and suddenly it felt like a fire hose went
  off inside me. Streams of cum shot deep into my pussy past my cervix. So much
  jism, so much cum filling me, now slurping out around his huge cock.  
I must have swooned again, for as I came to I felt the heavy weight of his
  flabby body lifting off of me. To my left I could make out Bubba 2 still prone
  on tome of Ruth. Bubba 1 kissed me once more, and I kissed back with some passion.
  He got up laughing.  
Soon both Bubbas had dressed and were looking down at us. &ldquo;So you want
  us to untie you?&rdquo; Bubba 1 asked laughing.  
&ldquo;Yes, yes, please, we won&rsquo;t tell anyone about this, please please,&rdquo; we
  both pleaded in unison.  
Bubba 1 reached down and began to untie my feet. Bubba 2 came over and helped
  with the second leg. Then they started on my hands. I tried to close my legs
  but the muscles were so stiff I could hardly move them.  
When my hands were free the held me firmly by the arms and helped me to stand.
  They walked me around for a minute to get the circulation back in my legs.
  Then suddenly the forced me to my knees right in the middle of the four posts,
  grabbed my wrists, and forcing me face down in the sand began to retie my wrists.  
&ldquo;No, No,&rdquo; I screamed, &ldquo;Please don&rsquo;t please!&rdquo; It
  was no use. The two of them were so much stronger than I was there was absolutely
  nothing I could do. The sand bit into my burned flesh like a thousand needles.
  My poor breasts took the majority of my weight, grinding the sand deep into
  their burned flesh. Before I knew it I was spread eagled again on the sand,
  now on my stomach.  
They repeated the process with Ruth, even though she tried to kick and punch
  them. They stood laughed at our helpless forms and began to leave, ignoring
  our pleadings. The sun was a little past its peak now, and not too far away
  I could hear the waves.  
The hot afternoon sun beamed down burning our pale butts and the inside of
  our thighs. The ghost crab returned and tried to feed from the cum and streaks
  of blood dripping from our pussies. We tried to shake them away, but they smelled
  food. Finally the waves lapped over our pussies again, stinging, washing away
  the evidence of our recent violent wave, and discouraging the ghost crabs.  
Now the water rose inexorably. Soon the highest swells were washing around
  our chins. A little later, with the sun now getting about half way down its
  descending path, the water washed around our mouths and splashed up our noses.
  I tried to encourage Ruth to breath with the retreat. It rose higher and higher
  until we had to bob our heads high to breathe at all.  
I knew that this high tide should be somewhat less than the last, since the
  moon was on the far side of Earth, but we were on our bellies. With each wave
  we had to hold our breath, and arch our heads as high as we could during the
  retreat to breath. During the big waves we were totally under water and the
  sand, moving in and out with the wave, scoured our soar, burned bodies. It
  was torture, and several times I was tempted to just put my face in the water
  and quit. Something kept me hanging on, and I tried to encourage Ruth every
  time we got an exceptionally low set.  
Sometime in that period I felt something nibbling at my pussy, but I was too
  far gone to care until it nipped hard. I shook trying to drive it away, but
  then I had to concentrate on my breathing.  
Finally, the waves began to recede, and breathing required less arching. If
  we could just stay conscious a little longer we might live, at least through
  this cycle. Finally we lay almost unconscious on the wet sand. I tried to raise
  Ruth who turned a haggard, burned face in my direction. The sun had been very
  bad on her pale face, and I almost cried looking at her.  
We talked a little and I tried to explain to her about drinking diluted piss
  for water, and explained how dehydrated we were getting. She still did not
  see how I could have done that, but we were both to exhausted and dehydrated
  to say more. The sun was getting lower now and some shade was extending from
  the trees on the island. I knew my bum was bright pink and my back must be
  burned badly. I could feel that my breasts were beginning to blister along
  with my pussy, but I was so dehydrated there was not much fluid to accumulate.  
I passed out for awhile, and I am sure Ruth did to. When I awoke it was dark.
  The moon was just coming up giving an eerie light to the beach. Down the beach
  I heard the faint noise of a small motor. As I suspected, soon I saw Bubba
  1 and Bubba 2 striding toward us.  
I was too far gone to hardly speak. A weak please was about all I could muster.  
&ldquo;Piggy want a little drinky?&rdquo; Bubba 1 chided as he unzipped his
  pants. He sounded drunk and I hoped he had been drinking a lot of beer for
  I was totally dehydrated, my mouth dry, salt crusting my body.  
I opened my mouth and gulped down all of the pale yellow stream I could. Behind
  me Ruth was receiving the same treatment and this time it sounded like she
  was swallowing all she could. They must have been drinking a lot, for the piss
  went on and on, but fortunately it seemed very dilute.  
Finally Bubba shook off the last drops and began to take down his pants. &ldquo;Now
  for dessert, Miss Piggy!&rdquo; He shoved his still flaccid cock in my face.
  My mouth opened automatically and let it slide down my throat. I was too weak
  to suck much, but it did not seem to matter. He grabbed my head and moved it
  back and forth as his large cock swelled to full size in my mouth.  
When it was fully erect he pulled out and picked us something he had been
  carried. It was hard to see in the moonlight, but I realized it was some form
  of grease gun! I felt the cold metal tip on my little puckered anus. Oh No
  I thought, not that, not there, but I could hardly mumble my protests.  
I felt the metal tube push pass my tight sphincter and felt the greasy substance
  flow out and into me. As he pulled it out I felt the oil dripping down my ass
  onto my pussy. Bubba 1 rubbed it around with two stinking fingers, laughing
  about a good grease job. When he had finished he handed the grease gun to Bubba
  2. A sharp gasp from Ruth told me she too was being greased.  
I felt Bubba 1&rsquo;s weight on my back, snuggling my neck. The pained seared
  through my brain from my burned front and back. His pubic hair against my burned
  bum sent hundreds of pain messages to my overwhelmed brain.  
&ldquo;Now just relax now Miss Piggy,&rdquo; he ordered as I first felt his
  cock at my pussy. It worked it back and forth greasing it on the left over
  oil which has run down my crack. Then the inevitable. I felt the huge cock
  head move to my tiny anus!  
There was no way it would ever fit. It was so big and I was so small. But
  slowly, slowly I felt my sphincter pushed apart. I tried to relax my ass as
  much as I could, resisting was futile. The pain began to spread through my
  brain and mix together, my tits in the sand, my pussy ground into it, my flaming
  butt, and now the searing pain as my ass was ripped open. He was being surprisingly
  gentle though.  
Through my pain I felt his hand going under me and feeling for my clit. When
  he hit it something new coursed through my brain. The pain signals began to
  mix with other feelings. I do not know organic chemistry, but something began
  to flood through my system and the pleasure began to build from the pain. I
  began to gasp as he massaged my clit, and slipped one finger into my pussy,
  finding my G-spot.  
Now he was massaging that sensitive area form both sides, as his huge cock
  continued to plow its way deep into my bowels. Finally his large balls were
  slapping my pussy as he was all the way in.  
Back and forth he began to fuck my ass. First slowly, then faster. Meanwhile
  he continued massaging my slit and pussy. I began to moan in ecstasy despite
  myself. To my right I thought I heard Ruth as well. Soon my moans were getting
  louder and louder as my pussy began to flow despite my dehydrated state.  
Faster and faster I was reaching a precipice. Then suddenly I went over, and
  was plunging down, down, down falling screaming, screaming louder, louder,
  fallllllinggggg.  
A sharp pain brought me back to the world. My pussy, that damn crab. Again
  he pinched me hard. I tried to shake him away. Suddenly I realized, my leg
  moved. I tried to move my hand, it was free. Incredibly slowly I tried to pull
  myself together. My legs and arms would barely move. I made it to a fetal position
  and just laid there.  
The moon was now overhead and in its bright light I could see Ruth still laying
  spread eagled and unconscious. I tried to crawl to her but every inch was a
  nightmare. I shook her but could not wake her. My mouth was dry, my flesh on
  fire. I knew I needed water fast or I would die and be eaten by the crabs and
  the birds.  
Slowly I tried to crawl up the beach. Something I had learned years ago in
  an Earth Science class came back to me. Slowly, slowly with each inch a world
  of pain, I worked my way up to above the high tide mark, and there I began
  to dig.  
I remembered that fresh water from the land flows out into the sand and sits
  above the salt water. If I could just get to the top of that water, but not
  too deep to hit salt, I could get water which I could drink. I dug and dug,
  getting a little more frantic. Finally in the bottom, a little sandy water.
  I scooped up a little with my parched hands and tasted it. It was salty but
  not very salty. I could drink it.  
I tried to scoop it up but it was hard, and there was a lot of sand in it.
  My salt encrusted hair kept falling in front of my face. Suddenly a thought
  hit me. I took my hair and soaked my long tresses in the water. Then I squeezed
  it out. I did this several times until I had cleaned it of the salt. Then I
  squeezed the next batch into my mouth. It worked. Only a little sand, and the
  rest water. I repeated the process over and over.  
Now that I had drunk a little brackish water, I thought of Ruth. I soaked
  my hair thoroughly and painfully crawled back to her. I squeezed a little of
  the water on her parched lips she seemed to stir. A little more water and she
  swallowed. Again, again, and one bloodshot eye opened breaking away the salt
  encrustation. Gently I rolled her on her side, as slowly the realization hit
  her that she was free.  
We held each other there, me squeezing more water from my hair into her parched
  mouth. Then slowly I helped her crawl to the shallow pit. We must have laid
  there for two hours, dipping our hair and wringing the precious drops of brackish
  water into our mouths. Finally we began to feel a little stronger.  
I knew that pools of dark brown, fresh water often ponded just behind the
  dunes. It was acidic form the rotting vegetation, but it was drinkable. I tried
  to help Ruth up and finally we were both standing. With great pain and effort
  we worked our way up the beach to the dunes.  
Beyond the second row we found our local heaven, a small pond of dark brown,
  but fresh water. We lay down beside it and began to sip. It was really fresh,
  not brackish, and tasted a little like weak tea from the organic tannins.  
We spent the rest of the night by that pool, sipping, and sleeping a little.
  As the sun began to rise I knew we had to get to cover. Our poor burned bodies
  could take to more. With great effort we struggled toward the trees. There
  were little sand spurs and more than once they pricked our burned feet, but
  finally we reached the shelter of the live oaks.  
I found a spot on the back side of some large live oaks with dense shade.
  In low areas around the roots there were some little puddles of water left
  from recent rains. I found some palmetto leaves which would further shelter
  us from the sun, and there we huddled together holding each other. We slept
  off and one, and drank as we could.  
As the sun rose further I head voices down on the beach. Hope sprang in my
  heart, but then I recognized the voices, the Bubbas were back. We huddled camouflaged
  in the deep shade, hiding as best we could. They were calling to us. They continued
  for some time, moving up the beach and examining the pit I had dug, then following
  our tracks into the dunes. There they apparently lost the tracks where we waded
  through the pond.  
Listening to them they sounded strangely worried, not mad or violent, but
  worried. They called and called, but we did not budge. Finally they left, still
  sounding very concerned for us. How could they be after what they did to us?  
We stayed in shelter until nearly nightfall. I had to pee at least once which
  was a good sign, and so did Ruth. It was dark yellow, but at least there was
  something to come out. We looked terrible. Our faces and bodies were bloated
  from dehydration. My fingers looked like little sausages. Our writs and ankles
  were raw from the ropes, and our entire bodies were burned a deep red. Areas
  which had no tan were blistered badly, as were our stomachs. Our tits and pussies
  especially were covered with huge water blisters, and they were extremely sensitive
  to even the slightest touch.  
I tried to remember what was edible on these islands. Fiddle heads of ferns
  could be used. We munched on some. The fruits of yucca were also edible, but
  I had never eaten them raw. We tried a few of them. After dark as we decided
  we needed to try and find help. Barefoot it was too difficult to go across
  the island so we returned to the beach, stopping to drink deeply at the pond.
  We circled south in the direction the Bubbas had come. We were indeed at the
  south end of the island and the slough led back into the estuaries, but there
  were no lights of dwellings in site.  
We reached the muddy edge of the salt marsh on the back side of the island
  and tried to move along the high part of it. Finally we stopped for awhile
  to wait for the moon. After it rose we continued, trudging as best we could
  along the upper edge of the marsh.  
The moon was just beyond overhead when we finally came to a section of the
  back side of the island where the marsh fell away and the tidal river came
  right up to the back side of the island. We stopped under some live oaks to
  rest. I found a few ferns and some brown water pools. Suddenly, looking across
  the river up ahead we saw the faint lights of a dwelling.  
We struggled on along the edge of the tidal river until we were opposite of
  the lights. The river was pretty wide, but we could clearly make out the shape
  of a dock and a house set back a little from the river with a grassy slope
  coming down to the bank. We rested trying to figure out what to do. The night
  was nearly gone and we could not risk staying out in the sun much more. Some
  of our blisters had popped and pieces of skin were already peeling away revealing
  the sensitive layers underneath.  
After munching on a yucca fruit or two we decided to try swimming. We were
  both strong swimmers and the tide had just about turned full so the current
  was low in the tidal river. We waded gingerly into the water sinking into the
  muddy bank. The salt water sent shots of pain up our legs as it touched our
  raw ankles and sunburned legs. As we eased into the salty water the pain made
  us even more aware. We started slowly swimming, making sure we stayed next
  to one another.  
It was a long way and we were very weak. We alternated floating and paddling
  on our backs with regular crawl. It seemed like it was taking forever. Finally
  as the sun was beginning to lighten the eastern sky we approached the shore.
  With a final effort we covered the last hundred yards and pulled our spent
  bodies up onto the grass. There we collapsed. In the distance I heard dogs
  barking.  
I came to with a cold nose on my cheek and another at my crotch. I raised
  my burned and puffy face to see people, actually two teenage girls, staring
  at us. Four or five dogs were running around sniffing of us in a strangely
  knowing way. The girls ran to the house calling for their mother.  
From the house came a large middle aged woman. She hurried down to us, and
  began to try and revive us. I tried to mumble what had happened to us, but
  I was too weak. She instructed the girls to pick us up and take us to the house.
  First they took Ruth while there mother stayed with me then returned. Lifting
  me gently under the arms they helped me up to the house and into a bedroom
  where Ruth was already lying on one bed and placed me on the other.  
We were both too weak to even speak, but the woman must have been a nurse
  for she quickly began rehydrating us and treating our burns. She seemed genuinely
  worried about us, and kept fussing at the girls to do this or that to feed
  us or make us comfortable. Finally we both fell into an exhausted sleep.  
The next two days were just a fog. When not sleeping the woman, who we now
  knew was called Mary Catherine, or Kat for short, treated our bloated burned
  bodies, and the twin girls, Becky and Bobbie, kept and fed and refilled our
  water bottles. Slowly our bloated, dehydrated bodies began to look more normal.
  There were still huge patches with deep burns which would take days to heal.
  Some of the worst were our poor tits, pussies and asses.  
Finally, buy day three, we were able to get out of bed and begin to move about
  the house. Kat found us some overly large, loose dresses which did not touch
  too much of our burned skin. Ruth and I began to discuss how to get back to
  town. At this discussion Kat seemed to get nervous.  
On Sunday morning after breakfast Kat came to see us.  
&ldquo;There are a couple of people here to see you,&rdquo; she began. &ldquo;They
  have been quite worried about you.&rdquo;  
Who did we know on this island? Nobody. Who could want to see us?  
You could have knocked us over with a stick when through the door, sheepishly
  in their Sunday clothes, came Bubba 1 and Bubba2!  
I would like to introduce my sons,&rdquo; Kat began, &ldquo;this is James
  and William.&rdquo;  
Neither of us could say a word. We were dumbfounded. The two hulking figures
  just shifted from foot to foot looking like Momma had caught them stealing
  the neighbor&rsquo;s chickens.  
&ldquo;We want to apologize,&rdquo; James began, &ldquo;we are so sorry. Things
  just got way out of hand, and, well we really screwed up.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;We went back to try and find you,&rdquo; William continued, &ldquo;but
  you had gone. We came back again with the dogs, but they could only track you
  as far as the swamp.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;You really know how to survive off the land,&rdquo; James said, with
  frank admiration beginning to seep into his voice. &ldquo;That pit you dug
  for water, and eating the ferns and yuccas, well that was just plain Daniel
  Boone quality.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Now the boys really know they screwed up,&rdquo; Mama Kat began, &ldquo;and
  we are not going to keep you here any longer than you want. Your car is just
  over at the little store here on the island. All your things are there, nothing
  is missing. You can go anytime you want; the boys will show you the way. If
  you prefer, we can call the Sheriff to come here.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;We really are so sorry,&rdquo; James continued. &ldquo;I know you can&rsquo;t
  forgive us, but if there is anything we can do to make up for how we treated
  you.&rdquo;  
I looked at Ruth and she looked back at me. A fiendish idea was hatching. &ldquo;Give
  us a moment alone,&rdquo; I said, &ldquo;and then we will tell you what we
  want to do.&rdquo;  
About five minutes later we called the boys and Momma Kat back in.  
&ldquo;Alright,&rdquo; I began. &ldquo;We will agree to not go to the authorities
  and report what you did, but you have to meet a number of conditions.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Anything,&rdquo; James began, &ldquo;anything at all.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I can guarantee they will never do anything like this again,&rdquo; Momma
  pronounced.  
&ldquo;Oh,&rdquo; said Ruth, &ldquo;I hope that is not true.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;First,&rdquo; I began, &ldquo;the two of you have to promise to take
  us out on at least three real dates and show us a real good time.&rdquo;  
James jaw dropped open, and William began to scratch his head.  
&ldquo;Second,&rdquo; Ruth continued, &ldquo;Kat needs to rent us this room
  at a reasonable rate for the summer and provide two meals a day at the local
  going rate.&rdquo;  
Kat looked surprised, but there was a hint of a knowing smile filtering across
  the corners of her mouth.  
&ldquo;And third,&rdquo; I continued, &ldquo;you must ask one of your cousins
  to give us jobs at a local restaurant or bar for the summer.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;We will work for tips only if necessary,&rdquo; Ruth added, &ldquo;but
  we need an excuse to stay here the rest of the summer.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;And when that is over,&rdquo; I concluded &ldquo;we will all see where
  we go from there.&rdquo;  
That was 10 years ago. Now there is a little Joey and Jackie playing around
  outside waiting for Daddy Jim to come home. Next door Kat is getting older
  and the twins have both married and live in town. Next to her Ruth and Billy
  have three kids, Bobby, Billy Jr., and Kate. And on summer nights when the
  moon is right, well you know that animal instinct just comes out in us all.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sandy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





