BDSM Library - Mistress Z




Mistress Z
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Submissive finally finds a Mistress to use him.  Unfortunately he must submit to things he had not considered.Mistress Z  
Chapter 1  
For years I had dreamed of visiting a real Mistress. At first, I would read
  stories about being dominated. When I began surfing the Internet my fantasy
  grew more. I could now read stories and see pictures and movies of dominant
  women taking control of men like me. This satisfied me for a while, but the
  urge to actually experience domination at the hands of a beautiful woman still
  haunted me. I tried phone sex with dominant women. This was even more fun and
  helped me decide what I wanted in a dominant. I loved the verbal humiliation,
  but I still yearned to feel it. I wanted to touch and smell my very own Mistress.  
I finally decided I was going to do it. I spent hours reading all of the web
  sites of Doms located in my state. I even emailed and called a few to get used
  to the idea of making contact. I wanted to come across as good as I could when
  I made my final choice. I keep a file of scenarios on my computer. I listed
  in order of preference all of the things I thought I would like. I used this
  as a way to narrow down my choices, plus it served as an excellent tool when
  I finally make contact. I will never forget that day; how I nervously dialed
  the number and waited for her to answer.  
&ldquo;Hello!&rdquo;  
 I had rehearsed what I was going to say. Hello, my name is Billy. Is this
  Mistress Z?  
&ldquo;Yes it is. What can I do for you?&rdquo;  
Mistress, I was wondering if I could make arrangements to have a session with
  you. I am very submissive and believe I can serve you the way you like to be
  served.  
&ldquo;How do you know that?&rdquo;  
I have read your website thoroughly and I believe I can do all of the things
  you have mentioned. (I swallowed hard, because I was so nervous. But I was
  determined to say what I thought she would like to hear.) And I think there
  are many other things you could do to me Mistress that would please you. (I
  waited for her to answer.)  
&ldquo;Tell me what it is that you will do, or I will do that will result
  in my pleasure.&rdquo;  
I will submit fully to you and I will obey all of your commands if possible.
  You may use me to worship your body. I would be most honored to consume your
  golden nectar. I would consider myself lucky to worship your soiled panties.
  My body would be yours to use and abuse. I believe I can withstand much pain
  to please you. I would also be honored to have you use my slave pussy as you
  see fit. I will also serve others that you wish me to serve. (I had fantasies
  of serving other slaves, male and female, at the instruction of my Mistress.)  
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s enough for now. You must send a deposit to me before we
  can talk further. Send it with your email address to the PO Box on my web site.
  When I get it, I will email you and tell you where to come to. You will also
  complete my application thoroughly in your own handwriting and include it with
  your tribute. Do not try to contact me any more until this is done.&rdquo;  
She hung up. My God! I did it. I immediately got busy completing the application.
  I went to the post office that day and mailed it special delivery so it would
  get to her quickly. Then I anxiously awaited her reply. Within a couple of
  days I was checking my email every hour. I was so anxious. Finally it came
  on Tuesday.  
My heart raced as I opened it. &ldquo;I have received you deposit and your
  application. You will be happy to know that they are acceptable to me and you
  may meet with me at one of the following times.&rdquo; I scanned it quickly
  and to my astonishment, Friday night was open. (I could feel a rush come over
  me, and my balls tingled with delight.) &ldquo;Email me with the time you have
  chosen. Then I will give you further instruction.&rdquo;  
I immediately returned the email and thanked Mistress Z. I told her that I
  wanted to request Friday night.  
I began checking my email every half hour. That evening she responded. &ldquo;You
  will meet me at the Stop-n-shop on Fairfield at exactly 4:45 PM. I will be
  in a red jeep Cherokee. You will come to the passenger side and greet me with
  a sign that reads. &ldquo;I am your slut Mistress Z. Please let me in.&rsquo; If
  it is not large enough for me to read, then I will drive off. If you are fortunate,
  and I let you in, you will quickly sit down and put your head between your
  legs and await further instruction. You will have on a pair of pink panties
  from Victoria Secret. You are not to masturbate from this moment on. I will
  know if you have. If you fail to do follow my instructions in any way, you
  will regret it.&rdquo; Signed Mistress Z. I was totally elated. It was going
  to happen. That&rsquo;s all I could think of for the next few days. On Wednesday
  I went to the mall where Victoria Secret had a store. I purposely went early,
  hoping not to run in to anyone I knew. It was very embarrassing and I was so
  nervous. I had make up a script so as not to reveal why I was buying them.  
&ldquo;Hello, my name is Carla. May I help you.&rdquo;  
This girl was so beautiful. Yes ma&rsquo;am. A&hellip;a I was wanting to buy
  a gift for my wife.  
&ldquo;What would like to get her?&rdquo;  
I want to a&hellip;get her a pair of pink a&hellip;a&hellip;panties. (I was
  so nervous, and my face was burning with shame.)  
&ldquo;This way please.&rdquo;  
She looked at me real funny and smiled as she turned to walk away. I could
  not help but notice how sexy she was. She went right to the panty counter and
  pulled out several pairs of frilly pink panties.  
&ldquo;Did you say these are for you wife?&rdquo;  
Yes ma&rsquo;am.  
&ldquo;Oh, I could not remember, and I noticed you are not wearing a wedding
  band.&rdquo;  
(My face burned hotter as I realized that she may suspect something.) Yes
  ma&rsquo;am. Uh&hellip;we are&hellip; we are getting married.  
&ldquo;Oh, I see. (She smiled again and held a pair up to my waist. Now I
  was really embarrassed.) How about these?&rdquo;  
(She looked into my eyes and I could not help but look away.) Yes ma&rsquo;am.
  Yes ma&rsquo;am. Those will do fine.  
(Then when I thought my embarrassment could not get worse.) &ldquo;Would you
  like to try them on first?&rdquo; (She looked into my eyes again and gave me
  the sexiest smile I had ever seen. I did not know how to answer. I don&rsquo;t
  think I had ever been so embarrassed.) &ldquo;I was only kidding. (She turned
  and walked towards the counter as I followed her like a puppy. She did not
  say much more other than to look at wink and me as she handed me the bag.) &ldquo;Thank
  you sir. And please come&hellip;again.&rdquo;  
My face was still burning as I got into the car. But I could not wait to get
  home and try on the panties. I wore them to bed that night thinking about serving
  Mistress Z.  
The next and one half days were a mixture of pleasure and misery. I was so
  excited about finally seeing a real Mistress. But I was also in misery not
  being able to relieve my tension. How could she know if I masturbated? What
  if I would have a wet dream? I had read that professional Mistress could tell
  if their subs have masturbated. I could not understand it, but I was afraid
  to take a chance. I wanted our first meeting to be perfect.  
Finally the day came. I was nervous all day, especially as the afternoon began
  to wear away. I got ready early and put my pink panties on. I left the house
  at 4:00, giving me plenty of time in case of traffic or anything else. I go
  there at 4:30 and parked near the side. I had made a sing with a piece of white
  cardboard. It was about 18 inches square. I was sure she could read it. As
  the minutes clicked by, I keep looking for the red Jeep. At 4:45 I really became
  nervous. What is she stands me up? What if this is a hoax? Surely it is not.
  When the clock on my radio said 4:50, I got myself ready to get out. I just
  knew she would come. I looked up the street and there it was, at the light.
  A red jeep. As it pulled through the light, the right signal came on. I was
  turning into the lot. My heart raced with tension. She pulled in the middle
  space and stopped. I got out of my car with the sign held to my chest. I went
  around to the passenger side and stood. I could make out the figure of a woman
  through the darkened glass. It had to be her. I turned the sign around and
  held it to the glass. My heart was beating so hard I could hear it. Then I
  heard the door latch click. I reached for the door and slowly pulled the handle.
  It opened.  
&ldquo;Get in her. Hurry up!&rdquo; (I quickly got in, put the sign in the
  floor board and put my head between my legs as I closed the door. She immediately
  put it in reverse and began backing out. She pulled into traffic and began
  driving.) &ldquo;You will stay like that until we get into my garage. That
  should take about 10 minutes. While we are doing that, I will give you instructions.
  Listen carefully and follow them perfectly.  
When we get to my garage, you will get out of the car, remove all of your
  clothing except for your panties, and present yourself to the door to my house
  when you are done. You will knock lightly three times, and get to your knees.
  When I open the door you will crawl inside, and await further instruction.
  Do not mind if there are others present. You will follow my instructions and
  do exactly what I say. If you do not think you are ready for this, tell me
  now, so we can take you back to your car. Is that clear. &ldquo;  
Yes Mistress Z.  
&ldquo;Are you sure? This is your last chance.&rdquo;  
Yes Mistress. ( I was now at the point of no return.)  
A few moments later, I could feel the car slowing down and take a turn. She
  stopped as the garage door opened. Then she pulled in.  
&ldquo;Give me the rest of your tribute Billy. When you hear my door shut,
  count to 25 slowly. Then get out and do what I told you to do.&rdquo;  
I reached in my pocket and pulled out the envelope. Mistress Z got out and
  shut the door. I began counting. When I reached 25, I quickly got out and began
  removing my clothes. As I moved towards the door, I thought my heart would
  beat out of my chest. I took a few deep breaths and knocked lightly on the
  door. Then I got to my knees and waited. It was probably only a few moments,
  but it seemed like forever. Then the door slowly opened.  
&ldquo;Come in Billy. Crawl over here to my voice. Keep your head down. You
  do not have permission to look about.&rdquo;  
I slowly crawled in the direction of the voice. Until I could see a pair of
  feet, female feet. I instinctively raised my head a little to get a wider view.
  There was another pair of feet. They were not those of a female. My
  heart raced again. I swallowed and tried to wet my lips. My God! What had I
gotten myself into?  
&ldquo;Kiss my feet Billy. Kiss them. (I moved forward and began to kiss Mistress
  Z&rsquo;s soft feet. My nose immediately detected her pungent but sexy odor.
  ) That&rsquo;s a good boy. In a moment I will let you raise your head and behold
  your Mistress. You are new Billy, and you are subordinate to everyone here.
  You may stop now and look up.&rdquo;  
I slowly raised my head to see Mistress Z standing over me. She was every
  bit as beautiful as her pictures. Standing beside of her must have been one
  of her male slaves. He was naked except for a collar and wrist cuffs. He looked
  down, but he did not look at me. I quickly turned my eyes to Mistress Z.  
&ldquo;You have come this far Billy, and that is the hardest part. However,
  don&rsquo;t expect everything to be as in your fantasies. I want you to crawl
  over to the couch and stand on your knees with your head and eyes down.&rdquo; The
  couch was only a few feet away. Mistress Z followed me and sat down in front
  of me. Her slave boy followed, but he stood near the end of the couch. &ldquo;The
  first thing we are going to do is give you instructions on how you are going
  to act while you are here:  
 
   
    You will follow all of my
      instructions without hesitation.  
   
   
    I do not want to hear any
      grumbling from you. You read my web site and hopefully did not lie on your
      application, so you should be prepared for the worst.  
   
   
    You will address me as Mistress,
      ma&rsquo;am, or Mistress Z.  
   
   
    You will not speak unless
      I give you permission.  
   
   
    You will keep your eyes
      where I tell you. You needn&rsquo;t go looking around.  
   
   
    You will treat Carl as a
      superior, even though he is my personal slave.  
   
 
Is that clear?&rdquo; Yes ma&rsquo;am. &ldquo;Good. Now I want you to stand
  and pull your panties to your knees so that I can inspect you.&rdquo; I quickly
  rose to my feet and pulled my panties down as she had instructed. I could feel
  my face begin to burn as I exposed myself for the first time. It was even more
  humiliating to do so in front of her slave. &ldquo;Oh my, what a little cock
  you have.&rdquo; I was afraid she would say that. I knew that I was not as
  big as most men. I was always a little self conscious about it. &ldquo;Oh well,
  it will do. I have seen smaller ones.&rdquo; Then she did it. She reached her
  hand out and began examining my penis. I had never felt it like this before.
  She twisted it and turned it and examined my pee slit. Then she took one hand
  and cupped my balls. Oh God! It felt so good. I could feel myself getting erect.
  Mistress Z did not say anything about my growing erection. She just kept on
  examining my cock and balls. She suddenly pushed my panties down to my feet. &ldquo;Step
  out of them.&rdquo; I did as she asked. &ldquo;Spread you legs.&rdquo; I spread
  my legs and Mistress Z felt between them and used her finger to spread my but
  cheeks. Oh my God! She even put her finger to my ass hole. &ldquo;Turn around.&rdquo; I
  slowly turned. &ldquo;Bend over and spread your ass checks.&rdquo; This took
  me to a new level of embarrassment. My face was on fire. Yet I was still hard.
  She used her finger again to play with my ass hole. She pushed on it several
  times. &ldquo;Ok turn back around.&rdquo; As I turned she grabbed my penis
  again and held it up while she examined my balls again. Now my penis was really
  getting hard.  
&ldquo;Did I tell you to get an erection?&rdquo; Her question startled me.
  A&hellip; no ma&rsquo;am. &ldquo;Then why did you get one?&rdquo; I don&rsquo;t&hellip;I
  don&rsquo;t know ma&rsquo;am. I&hellip;a it&hellip; a it felt so good when
  you were&hellip; a touching me Mistress. She was still holding my penis in
  her left hand. Then without any warning Mistress Z used her right hand to smack
  my balls. I lunged forward. Oh, I am sorry Mistress! Then she smacked them
  again. This time harder. I could barely keep standing. I am sorry Mistress!
  Please have mercy. &ldquo;You are here 5 minutes and all ready you are taking
  liberties with me. You will do well to control yourself better Billy. Now put
  your panties back on and get back to your knees.&rdquo;  
My balls were aching as I bent down and got my panties over my feet and pulled
  them back up. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s better. I see that nasty little cock of yours
  has shrunk back to the little wiener that it was earlier.&rdquo; Mistress leaned
  back into the couch and let her legs drift apart. That&rsquo;s when I first
  noticed how short her dress was. It was leather, low cut at the top, and now
  that she was sitting down, only inches below her crotch. &ldquo;Carl, get down
  on your knees beside of Billy. I want you to do something for me.&rdquo; Carl
  immediately followed her order and took his place at my side. Together we were
  both directly in front of her. Mistress Z looked down at her dress and pulled
  it up a little further; exposing what appeared to be leather panties. &ldquo;Carl
  I want you to take my panties off. I have had them on most of the day. I am
  sure they are soiled by now. Leather soaks up everything it touches. You know
  what I mean, Billy?&rdquo; A&hellip;a yes ma&rsquo;am. Carl leaned forward
  and put his hands under Mistress Z&rsquo;s dress as she rose up on her hands.
  He slowly pulled her panties towards her knees and then down to her long pumps. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s
  good enough Carl. Billy will get them from there. Billy, bend forward and pull
  them off of my feet.&rdquo; I leaned foreword and down to accomplish the task.
  However it forced my head dangerously, or shall I say wonderfully close to
  her nearly exposed crotch. I could not help but try to take a peak. That&rsquo;s
  when she grabbed my hair. &ldquo;Are you trying to take more liberties Billy?&rdquo;  
No ma&rsquo;am. Na ma&rsquo;am. I am just trying to do as you ask. I froze
  as she continued to hold my head in place. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t believe you
  Billy. I think you are planning to get a smell of my pussy. Are you not?&rdquo; No
  ma&rsquo;am. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t lie Billy. I don&rsquo;t like it when my slaves
  lie. You want to smell my pussy. Don&rsquo;t you Billy? No ma&rsquo;am. I mean
  yes ma&rsquo;am I do. I mean I&hellip; I would like to&hellip; but I was not
  trying to do so without&hellip;without your permission ma&rsquo;am. She let
  go of my head. &ldquo;I will let you go this time, but don&rsquo;t take liberties
  Billy. Now get my panties.&rdquo; I reached down and picked up her panties.
  They were really leather. God they were so sexy. I rose up and Mistress Z looked
  at me with a funny grin.  
&ldquo;Well Billy. You said you would like to smell my pussy. Didn&rsquo;t
  you.&rdquo; Yes ma&rsquo;am. Well my pussy has been rubbing against the crotch
  of those panties all day. I have been in traffic, sitting at my desk, walking
  through the stores. I have sweated and dripped piss and cum in them all day.
  That leather really soaks that stuff up.&rdquo; She paused for a moment and
  starred at me. I knew what she had in mind and I could feel my balls twitch
  with anticipation. &ldquo;Do you know how I clean those panties Billy?&rdquo; A&hellip;no
  ma&rsquo;am. &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t, Carl usually does. Do you know how he cleans
  them?&rdquo; No ma&rsquo;am. &ldquo;He licks them clean Billy. He licks all
  of my discharge out. The he washes them in warm water and mild soap. It helps,
  but it never really gets my scent out. But I am going to give you the privilege
  of cleaning them Billy. Now slowly open them up, and bring the crotch piece
  to you mouth Billy. Do it now.&rdquo;  
Without hesitation I opened them up and began raising them to my face. She
  was right. There was a wet spot in the middle of the crotch piece and the leather
  was stained from use. I could smell the leather as it got closer, but I could
  also smell that unmistakable odor of pussy. The closer it got to my face the
  stronger it was. I was becoming very excited. She had warned me about getting
  an erection, but I could not help feeling my penis begin to grow. &ldquo;Taste
  it Billy, taste my pussy.&rdquo; Her graphic talk was making me even more excited.
  I brought the crotch piece up to my nose and drank in her intoxicating odor.
  It filled my nostrils and excited me more than ever. The musky odor of her
  pussy, the faint smell of urine, and what must have been her creamy cum. I
  instinctively stuck out my tongue and tasted her secretions. God! I was in
  heaven. I lost all sense of my surroundings for a few seconds. If this were
  so great, what would it be like to actually serve her? I licked and sucked
  the leather until most of her flavor was gone.  
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s enough Billy. Now put them down on the floor for now.
  I will show you how I like them washed later.&rdquo; Mistress Z then moved
  forward on the couch and spread her legs. My eyes were glued to her crotch.
  For the first time, I could see it. She was extremely hairy, but I could see
  her large lips protruding from the thick patch. &ldquo;Carl, I want you to
  service me. You know what to do. Show Billy how it is done.&rdquo; She was
  going to let me watch. I could feel my penis stirring again. Carl moved slowly
  towards Mistress Z and began kissing her feet. &ldquo;Thank you Mistress for
  allowing me to serve you.&rdquo; He slowly worked his way up her legs, to her
  knees and finally moved his head between her legs. He paused for a moment,
  inhaled deeply, then moved his face into her hair bush. That&rsquo;s when I
  noticed between his legs, that he was rock hard. His penis had grown much larger
  than what it was when it was soft.  
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s right Carl. Lick my pussy. Pay special attention to my
  clit. Use your fingers to spread my lips. Oh yes! That&rsquo;s it. Now suck
  my clit. Tease it with your tongue. Oh yes! Yes! Oh that is what I have needed
  all day.&rdquo; This went on for what must have been 10 or 15 minutes. Mistress
  Z closed her eyes and moaned as Carl lapped at her pussy. I could hear her
  juices slurping with Carl&rsquo;s skilled tongue. &ldquo;Oh God, I am going
  to cum! Oh yes, I am going to cum. Stick your tongue all the way in Carl. Oh
  God! Oh! Oh! Oooooooohhhhhhhhh.&rdquo; Mistress Z suddenly went limp and remained
  motionless for a minute or two. By this time my penis was standing straight
  up. I could not help it. I also noticed that Carl was still rock hard. He slowed
  down his manipulations and very gently began kissing his way back down Mistress
  Z&rsquo;s thighs and legs. Then he backed off and took his place beside of
  me as before. &ldquo;Thank you Mistress for allowing me to serve you.&rdquo;  
Mistress Z finally opened her eyes and looked at Carl with a smile. &ldquo;That
  was good Carl. One of your better jobs.&rdquo; That&rsquo;s when I noticed
  Carl&rsquo;s cock, still hard and jutting up in front of him, pre-cum oozing
  out of his slit and dripping down his shaft. &ldquo;Billy, I hope you learned
  something. I may let you try it before the day is up, if you please me and
  do everything I tell you to do. Would you like to do that Billy?&rdquo; Yes
  ma&rsquo;am. Yes Mistress, I would love to. I was suddenly so thrilled to think
  that she would let me do that. &ldquo;Only if you are good Billy, and follow
  my instructions. Can you do that Billy?&rdquo; Yes ma&rsquo;am.  
Mistress Z pulled her dress down in place and sat up on the couch. She leaned
  forward to get a good look at Carl&rsquo;s cock. &ldquo;Oh my Carl, you have
  quiet an erection. And look at all that pre-cum. How long has it been Carl,
  since I allowed you to cum.&rdquo; His pre-cum was now leaking onto his balls
  and his cock was actually twitching. &ldquo;Its been 8 days Mistress.&rdquo; No
  wonder he was dripping. I had never gone more than two. &ldquo;Well Carl, I
  think it is time. You have been good lately, and you did a good job just now.
  Why don&rsquo;t you stand up and face Billy, so he can watch you cum.&rdquo; Oh
  my God, she was going to make him masturbate in front of me. Carl turned towards
  me but I did not move. &ldquo;Carl, put your hands behind you back. I have
  a special treat for you. You are going to get a blow job.&rdquo; Oh my. She
  is going to give him a&hellip;. &ldquo;Billy, turn around so you can perform
  for me.&rdquo;  
The reality of what she just said startled me. It was not Mistress that was
  going to do this; it was I that was going to do it. I could feel my face begin
  to burn. I had fantasized about such things, but I never really thought it
  would happen. I wanted to say no. Mistress may I&hellip;. &ldquo;May I what
  Billy? Mistress do I have to&hellip; &ldquo;Billy, you have to do everything
  I tell you to do without hesitation. That is the rule.&rdquo; Her voice was
  getting louder. &ldquo;Now no more insolence on your part or you will go out
  the door! Yes ma&rsquo;am. I understand Mistress. I will obey. The thought
  of being thrown out now was even worse than having to perform the task that
  was ahead of me. I turned towards Carl and swallowed hard. I kept thinking
  to myself. I have to do this. I have to do this.  
&ldquo;Move closer Billy. Put your tongue on his cock head and taste his pre-cum.&rdquo; My
  heart was pounding as I moved closer. My mouth was only an inch or two from
  his pulsating cock. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s it Billy. Stick your tongue out and
  taste it.&rdquo; I took a deep breath and thought to myself again. I have to
  do this. I have to do this. I pushed out my tongue and licked up the under
  side of Carl&rsquo;s cock, and brought the clear fluid into my mouth. I had
  tasted my own many times, and actually liked it. To my surprise, it did not
  have very much taste to it. &ldquo;Billy, now move down to his balls and get
  that drop before it falls to the floor.&rdquo; Mistress Z pointed her finger
  down to Carl&rsquo;s balls where his pre-cum was about to drip. I turned my
  head a little and pushed my tongue out to touch his shaved balls. This time
  there was enough to awaken my taste buds. I instinctively slid my tongue across
  his hairless ball sack and up the length of his shaft. I consumed more fluid
  this time and I was afraid that I would gag. Perhaps it was the nature of its
  contents, not the taste that so repelling. I had never been so embarrassed
  in all of my life. Here I was on my knees about to suck a man&rsquo;s cock.
  I felt totally humiliated. Yet, at the same time, I felt a sense of purpose
  knowing that I was going to perform this most humiliating and submissive act
  to please Mistress Z.  
&ldquo;Put your mouth on the head Billy. Open your lips and let it slide in
  Billy. Show me how much of a cock slut you are. I want you to do it for me
  Billy. Do it!&rdquo; I could not take my eyes off it, or maybe I didn&rsquo;t
  want to. Perhaps I was trying to concentrate on his cock, and forget the body
  around it. Whatever was going through my mind, it was all I could think of.
  I opened my lips, put them over his pulsating cock head, and drew it slowly
  into my mouth. I sucked it gently as it moved forward. I was now truly a cocksucker.  
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s it Billy.&rdquo; Mistress Z whispered into my ear. &ldquo;Suck
  his cock. Suck that huge cock into your mouth and taste it. Use your tongue
  Billy.&rdquo; I began doing just as Mistress told me to do. She guided my every
  movement. Her gentle but forceful nature seemed to make it OK. My mouth was
  totally engulfed in his taste. &ldquo;Use your hands now Billy. Cup his balls
  with your left hand and jack him off with your right.&rdquo; God, I felt so
  humiliated, embarrassed, so low, so controlled by Mistress Z. I felt as if
  I had no control over my body other than to do as she instructed.  
I could feel his heavy balls. They were so full and swollen. His cock was
  so long and thick. He was beginning to moan. I was afraid to look up at him.
  I wanted to forget that he was there, that this was a dream and it would all
  be over soon. AT the same time, I liked the feeling of submission and pleasing
  Mistress Z.  
&ldquo;Take your mouth off of his cock and suck his balls Billy.&rdquo; It
  was actually a relief to take my mouth from his cock, but I was not looking
  forward to my next task. I noticed a heavy musty scent as I lowered my head
  to balls. &ldquo;Kiss them first Billy. Let him know how much you are enjoying
  this.&rdquo; I hesitated at first and looked up as Mistress Z. &ldquo;Do it
  Billy! Do it!&rdquo; Her loud voice brought me back to reality. I could not
  refuse her. I began kissing his balls one at a time. His sharp manly odor was
  becoming more noticeable, as well as his increasing state of arousal. Carl
  was moaning louder and he was beginning to tremble.  
&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t you dare cum Carl. You will not cum until I am ready.&rdquo; I
  continued to kiss his heavy ball sack as he struggled to regain his composure. &ldquo;Ok
  suck them now. Suck them into your mouth you dirty little cocksucker.&rdquo; I
  tried to open my mouth wide enough to get them in but it was difficult. &ldquo;Use
  your hand Billy. Use your hand to push them in, one at a time.&rdquo; Mistress
  began to chuckle. I used my fingers behind his ball sack to push them into
  mouth. I could only imagine how I looked there on my knees with his balls filling
  my mouth and my nose jammed up against the base of his pulsating cock. &ldquo;Now
  suck on them. Suck them!&rdquo; I began sucking and wallowing them around in
  my mouth as best I could. I used my tongue to push them forward and up against
  the roof of my mouth. &ldquo;Use your hand again to masturbate him.&rdquo;  
Oh God, I could feel my face burning with shame. I don&rsquo;t know how I
  could do all of this. This was not real. I looked up to see his swollen cock
  meat as I manipulated his foreskin up and down. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t you dare
  cum yet Carl.&rdquo; He was moaning loudly again. I kept sucking his balls
  and jacking his cock. It seemed to go on forever. Mistress kept scolding Carl
  for trying to cum. She would call me names like cocksucker, cum eater, faggot,
  and others. Finally she stopped. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s enough Billy.&rdquo; I
  took my slimmy pre-cum coated hand from his cock and opened my mouth to release
  his balls.  
&ldquo;Lick your way back up Billy. You are far from through. Lick his balls,
  then his cock. Lick all that pre-cum off.&rdquo; I once again followed her
  orders to the T. &ldquo;Now start sucking his cock again Billy. I want you
  to suck him off this time. Suck him until he erupts into your mouth.&rdquo; I
  opened my lips again and took him into my mouth. His pre-cum was beginning
  to taste bitterer, saltier. I was sure he was starting to cum. Strangely I
  was becoming used to the taste and it did not bother me as it had to begin
  with.  
&ldquo;Suck it Billy. Suck his cock. Suck it until you suck all of his scummy
  dirty cum from his balls. You like that don&rsquo;t you Billy? You can&rsquo;t
  wait until he shoots all his cum into your mouth can you? Answer me Billy!&rdquo; I
  took my mouth away quickly to say what she wanted to hear. Yes ma&rsquo;am.
  Yes Mistress Z. I can&rsquo;t wait. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s because you are a little
  queer cocksucker, and you like it. You like sucking cum.&rdquo; Mistress taunted
  me for several more minutes. She was enjoying the humiliation, as well as the
  effect it was having on Carl. It was becoming harder for him to hold back.  
&ldquo;Are you ready Carl? Are you ready to cum?&rdquo; He quickly replied
  in the affirmative. &ldquo;Are you ready to shoot your cum and empty your balls?
  OK, in just a moment Carl I will let you cum.&rdquo; Mistress leaned to my
  ear. &ldquo;Now Billy, I want you to keep sucking, and when Carl cums, you
  are to swallow it all. Don&rsquo;t waste any of it. Now get ready.&rdquo; As
  humiliated as I felt, I knew it would get worse. Little did I know how much
  cum I was about to receive. I knew that men varied in the amount of semen they
  secreted, but I never dreamed that Carl was so well endowed in both size and
  capacity.  
Mistress sat back on the couch and folded her arms. &ldquo;Ok Carl, you can
  cum anytime.&rdquo; That was all she said. Suddenly Carl began to shake and
  moan. He was almost trembling. Finally he moved towards me and tightened up.
  He lunged his hips forward a little and then it happened. I felt his cock spasm
  and he immediately ejaculated into my mouth. It hit the back of mouth and began
  going down my throat. It was all I could do to keep form choking. At the same
  time the taste of his seed permeated my mouth. It was a sharp, creamy like
  taste. Nothing like I had ever experienced. It was a little like my own, yet
  excitingly different. This all took place in a few seconds.  
Then almost immediately he contracted his muscles and a second shot hit my
  mouth. This time it felt as if my jaws were puffing out. There was barely enough
  room. I instinctively swallowed, but I could not get it all down. Between trying
  to breathe and tolerate the taste, I could not get it all down. Then to my
  utter amazement, he did it again. A third ejaculation, just as hard as the
  second. I could feel his cum seeping from lips and down my chin and cheeks. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t
  you dare waist that. Use you hands to catch it.&rdquo; I became a little frantic,
  but I managed to use my fingers to stop it from dripping. The whole time Carl
  was moaning with joy and relief. Every time he contracted his balls he shot
  a little more cum into my mouth. Each time it was a less, but still adding
  to the amount in my mouth. I was trying to swallow as much as I could.  
Finally his orgasm was subsiding. The taste of his come was was sharp in my
  mouth. While it seemed not to be so bad at first, the sheer volume of it was
  overwhelming. I tried to salivate and dilute the flavor, but it was of very
  little use. &ldquo;Use you finger to get it off you chin Billy. Don&rsquo;t
  let it drip.&rdquo; I almost gagged as she said it. I put my hand to my lips
  and struggled to swallow again. Finally it went down. &ldquo;I said lick it
  all off Billy! Don&rsquo;t you dare disappoint me. Eat it all!&rdquo; I regained
  control and used my fingers to get the sticky cum from by chin first. Then
  I did the same to my cheeks. I swallowed again, closing my eyes, and hoping
  that it would go down without any trouble.  
&ldquo;You are not finished yet Billy. Look Billy.&rdquo; She pointed at Carl&rsquo;s
  cock as it slowly began to fall from its erect position. To my surprise, a
  large bead of cum was hanging form his slit. I knew what she wanted me to do.
  I turned again and moved toward Carl. &ldquo;Put your hand around his cock
  Billy and use your tongue to get that gooey cum.&rdquo; I did as she instructed
  and caught the string of cum just before it would have dripped to the floor.
  God, I felt so humiliated. I drew it into my mouth and drank it down. By now
  I had gotten used to it. &ldquo;Billy, you still have some work to do. Squeeze
  the base of his cock and slowly pull your hand forward. You know what I mean.
  Put your lips around if first. Then draw the rest of his cum out. You know
  you like it. Don&rsquo;t you Billy?&rdquo; Yes ma&rsquo;am.  
At least it was over now. I put my mouth on Carl&rsquo;s cock and squeezed
  the remaining gobs of cum from his enormous cock. Strangely enough the last
  of his load was creamy and much smoother. I pulled it into my mouth and swallowed
  it. I was now a cocksucker and I had given my first blowjob. Did I say first?
  What had I become?  
End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Doug Young


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





