BDSM Library - Skip Tracer




Skip Tracer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Female bounty hunter captures female bail jumper and transports her by van from Chicago to New York City.THE SKIP TRACER 
   
  Cindy Prell is employed in a profession which most people have little knowledge
  of. At 27 years old, 5'9, 125 lb, eye catching brunette works as a bail enforcement
  agent more commonly known as a skip tracer or bounty hunter. She is employed
  by the Acme Bail Bond Agency of New York City. Her job is to track down, arrest
  and transport bail jumpers to jail to protect the company from the financial
  consequences of forfeiting its bail bond.   
Cindy pursues both male and female jumpers but females are her favorite.
  After finishing a workout at the health club Cindy answered a voice mail on
  her cell directing her to contact her boss at Acme. Upon doing so she learned
  that about two months ago the agency had written a $50,000 bail bond on Ann
  Brown, a 37 year old employee of a brokerage firm accused of embezzling $200,000
  from her employer. Anne had skipped and could not be found in the NYC area.
  Through sources the fugitive was found to be living in a suburb of Chicago.
  It was Cindy's assignment to capture Anne and transport her back to NYC. This
  meant traveling alone by van to Chicago where she would meet up with a male
  skip tracer affiliated with Acme. Together they would arrest the fugitive and
  Cindy alone would transport her back to NYC by van.  
Locating the fugitive was no problem and the two skip tracers followed their
  quarry to a supermarket and watched her go inside. Cindy parked the van directly
  next to the fugitive's car and awaited her return. Ann was a plump red head
  type around 5'5&rdquo; and 150 lb. wearing a blue business suit. Cindy, a bisexual,
  occasionally took liberties with her female captives but so far nothing about
  this one particularly aroused her.  
Within 20 minutes their quarry emerged from the store carrying a shopping
  bag her pursue over her shoulder. Cindy and her partner calmly exited their
  van timed just right to intercept Ann as she worked to her car. &ldquo;Excuse
  me Miss Brown, I am a bail agent for the Acme Agency and you are under arrest&rdquo;.
  The clearly surprised fugitive offered no resistance as the male tracer took
  her purse and shopping bag from her. &ldquo;Can't we work something out&rdquo; replied
  the fugitive. Cindy just smiled and quickly Ann's hands behind her back using
  double hinged metal cuffs. The fugitive was then ordered into the cargo compartment
  of the van and made to lay face down on the floor. This was done with such
  speed and precision it's unlikely anyone else noticed it.  
The side and rear doors of the van could be opened from the inside so it
  was necessary to use extensive restraints to prevent a prisoner from escaping.
  At restraining techniques Cindy excelled. A duffel bag in the van carried all
  the tools of the trade. The first step was to attach a thick leather collar
  around the prisoner's neck and padlock it. Several rings were attached the
  to the van floor. Cindy used a plastic handcuff to attach the ring on the collar
  to a floor ring allowing only about 6&rdquo; for head movement. Next came a
  harness type gag. The surprised prisoner tried fighting the gag was easily
  overcome. Next a rubber hood was pulled over Ann's head with openings for only
  the nose and mouth. The large ball of the gag protruded conspicuously through
  the opening.  
Cindy turned her attention next to the prisoner's handcuffs. Keeping her
  hands cuffed behind her back for an overnight trip was clearly risking injury.
  Therefore Cindy attached a special leather restraining belt tightly around
  Ann's waist with metal cuffs on each side and towards the rear of the belt.
  The initial handcuffs were removed and quickly replaced with the belted cuffs.
  Last a set of leg irons with about an 8&rdquo; chain were attached to her ankles
  with the chain looped under a floor ring to minimize leg movement.  
Satisfied that her prisoner was adequately immobilized, gagged and blindfolded
  it was explained to her she would be restrained in this manner for the entire
  trip but they would be stopping at a &ldquo;safe house&rdquo; where Ann would
  be bedded down for the night in suitable restraints of course. Cindy briefly
  tormented her prisoner by running her hands through Ann's panties. Cindy could
  not help but notice that her sex was exceeding moist not uncommon for a female
  in restraint. &ldquo;You're a real cutie and I'm going to have some fun with
  you later&rdquo; purred Cindy before emerging from the rear of the van and
  locking the doors.  
Cindy started up the engine and drove her male assistant back to where they
  had met and they parted. With her captive secure in the rear Cindy began the
  long drive back to NYC.  
END Part 1  
SKIP TRACER: PART 2  
SYNOPSIS: A female bounty hunter has captured a fugitive in Chicago and is
  transporting her back to New York City. Suddenly the status of the prisoner
  changes to slave and her destination to South America.  
It was dusk as Cindy sped down the Ohio interstate taking great care to abide
  by the speed limits. Although transporting the fugitive in the current manner
  was perfectly legal the basic rule was to avoid the police or anyone seeing
  the restrained prisoner, the cell rang and Cindy answered. It was her boss
  Russell Schenck, owner of the Acme Bail Bond Agency. The message was short
  and was to call him as soon as possible from a land line. Must be something
  important Cindy reasoned. This rarely happened.  
Within 20 minutes Cindy was speaking to Russ from an outdoor pay phone. Russ
  intended to sell the prisoner to a South American drug organization to be used
  as a sex slave. After two weeks of training the slave would be turned over
  to the organization for air transport to her new country. Russ had met Anne
  previously so he was familiar with her appearance. Cindy thought she was a
  little overweight but the prospect of training a female slave overcame any
  doubts Cindy had. Cindy was a part time domme whose clientele were mostly lesbian
  or bisexual and mostly willing, The prospect of training an unwilling heterosexual
  slave sent her spirits soaring. She recalled having trained only two unwilling
  hetero females, this was at the request of their husbands. It had resulted
  in immense pleasure for Cindy.  
This was the first time Acme was involved in slave procurement. The only
  other dark side of the company's history had occurred when a female secretary
  to the Cuban United Nations delegation skipped town with her American lover.
  Fearful that she would seek asylum and divulge embarrassing secrets the Cuban
  government contracted with Acme to locate and abduct the secretary. This was
  done within two days and she was turned over to Cuban agents. Cindy had participated
  in this mission and recalled the ending. The Cubans straitjacketed the struggling
  captive before sedating her and sealing her in a cargo container.This was air
  shipped to Cuba in a diplomatic pouch exempt from Customs search.  
The fate of the woman was never learned but Cindy guessed she was languishing
  in a Cuban prison.  
Cindy's current destination was suburban Pittsburgh where a safe house was
  located. The prisoner/slave would be kept there for the duration of her training.
  Russ was on his way to personally oversee the training but he assured Cindy
  she would be able to use any methods she saw fit. The owner of the safe house
  was a gay named Eddie. He would be mainly used to provide security with little
  active role in the training. The sale price for the slave would be $100,000
  but Acme would loose $50,000 on the bail forfeiture. Yet from Russ standpoint
  it was much safer than abducting a new slave. This would take time and the
  organization wanted immediate delivery. It would be a foot in the door hopefully
  leading to future slave procurement orders. Aside from Russ, Cindy and the
  male assistant from Chicago no one knew Anne had been captured. As a precaution
  Russ contacted the Chicago assistant and directed him to remove Anne's car
  from the shopping center lot and to torch it. This was just in case security
  cameras might have caught the parking lot arrest. Chances would be that before
  anyone realized Anne had been at the supermarket any such tape would be long
  erased.  
It was after 10:00PM that Cindy pulled into the driveway of the suburban
  house. It was ideally situated so the prisoner could be removed from the van
  outdoors without any neighbor seeing what was taking place. Cindy cut the cable
  attaching Anne's collar to the floor ring and removed the leg irons. With help
  from Eddie she was dragged into the house. The hood would be left on Anne until
  she was safely inside. The house had a special bedroom for prisoner confinement.
  The window was too narrow to crawl through and the door locked from the hallway.
  A bathroom was attached to the bedroom. Visual and audio devices permitted
  monitoring of the confinement room from other parts of the house.  
Once in the bedroom the prisoner's hand cuffs and restraining belt were removed.
  The hood, collar and gag stayed on for the time being. "We're going to change
  clothes" chuckled Cindy and she proceeded to swiftly strip her prisoner completely
  naked. The clothes would be discarded; new clothes could be purchased later.
  Next step was attaching the prisoners wrist to leather cuffs about 36" apart
  on a special ceiling mount. A spreader bar about 24" long was secured to her
  ankles completing her confinement. Cindy got to observe her new acquisition
  more closely. Although she personally didn't appeal to Cindy she had perky
  tits and a nice ass. Her age and weight were negatives but she would definitely
  be slimmed down before transport.  
Cindy removed the hood and gag from the prisoner and was stunned by the ferocity
  of Anne's vocal outburst." You have no right to treat me like this you bitch
  and you'll pay for it". "You will address me as maam from this moment on" commanded
  Cindy. "Fuck you" shot back Anne. Cindy's immediate response was to grab a
  flogger and without warning delivered a vicious lash to her exposed pussy.
  Anne grimaced in pain. "Listen to me bitch you can stay strung up for the next
  5 days for all I care, I decide when and if you eat, speak or breathe for that
  matter," commanded Cindy. Cindy next stepped out of the prisoners view and
  removed the panties Cindy had been wearing. Approaching Anne, Cindy grinned "open
  wide, I've been wearing these for two days". The panties were then inserted
  in Anne's mouth and secured with duct tape. "That should keep you quiet for
  awhile" said Cindy grinning again. Cindy then picked up the flogger and proceeded
  to deliver about 12 lashes of varying degrees to Anne's breasts, buttocks and
  pussy. Then she calmly explained Anne's new status as slave rather than defendant.
  A look of shock and despair instantly set in. Tired after a hard days work
  she decided to get something to eat and then sleep. "I'll see you in the morning" Cindy
  said smiling and Anne was left alone in the bedroom. Sitting at the kitchen
  table with Eddie she enjoyed watching Anne struggling helplessly in her restraints
  and moaning through her gag over the monitor.  
SKIP TRACER PART 3 FINAL CHAPTER by Skip  
Anne had plenty of time to ponder her fate strung up from the ceiling of
  a bedroom virtual jail cell. The taste of Cindy's smelly panties stuffed into
  her mouth and held with duct tape was absolutely unbearable. After about an
  hour of the panty gag Eddie appeared removed the tape and panties but before
  she could say a word placed new strips of duct tape over her mouth. As much
  as Cindy wanted to punish and humiliate her slave she didn't want to risk her
  choking so she instructed Eddie to remove them before Cindy retired for the
  night in a separate bedroom.  
Because of a drug conviction ten years ago, even though it resulted in probation,
  Anne faced a 4-year minimum sentence on the current charge. After the drug
  arrest she got away from drugs and held several high level accounting positions.
  She had been caught embezzling from the first three companies she worked for
  but in each case she was involved in an extramarital affair with some executive
  and she was permitted to resign without charges. But on her fourth job her
  luck ran out and fearing the forced lesbianism that is a fact of life in prisons
  Anne jumped bail and fled. She simply could not suppress her strong heterosexual
  drive for that long. Now the prospect of serving as a South American bordello
  slave seemed like the lesser of two evils.  
After what seemed like eternity Cindy strode into the bedroom clad in black
  slacks and a black bikini. Normally she wore leather for her domme sessions
  but she had not anticipated this when she left for Chicago. Cindy radiated
  her ever-present smirk as she addressed Anne. "Hope you got a good nights sleep" she
  chuckled. Leaving Anne's restraints untouched Cindy pulled up a chair and sat
  in it facing Anne. "Time for a shave" and using a razor and lather quickly
  shaved off Anne's triangle. Next was a test for tenderness and lubrication.
  Using her fingers Cindy crudely pussy fucked Anne in an intentionally painful
  way. Her pussy was amazingly tight and copiously lubricated for her age. Next
  was a finger check of her asshole. It was rather on the tight side. Deciding
  it was time to allow the prisoner to use the bathroom Cindy calmly commanded "I'm
  going to remove your wrist and leg restraints and allow you to shower and use
  the toilet, you have 5 minutes, if you try anything I'll whip you ten times
  as hard as last night, the gag stays on". Cindy attached a 20' leash to Anne's
  collar and removed the other restraints. With the bathroom door open (it couldn't
  be locked) Cindy patiently sat in the chair outside the bathroom door holding
  the leash while Anne finished her business, She was then ordered to lay face
  down on a double size bed and using four leather cuffs her wrists and ankles
  were spread-eagled to the bed corners. Two pillows were used to prop up her
  ass and Cindy proceeded to insert a butt plug into her asshole.  
A short time later Russ arrived and he quickly set about inspecting the slave.
  There was a change of plans. The slave would be transferred to the organization
  in 48 hours. It didn't allow much time for training but Russ explained he was
  receiving the same price as he would have she received two weeks training.
  Cindy frowned. She had looked forward to an extended training session with
  the slave. Next Russ sampled the merchandise. After removing the tape he positioned
  himself sitting on the bed so that Anne's mouth was available to his cock. "You
  know what to do bitch" Russ commanded. After less than two minutes of sucking
  Russ pulled it out "Your oral sex needs drastic improvement, Cindy three hard
  lashes on her pussy". Anne screamed in protest but Cindy gleefully delivered
  the lashes, her asshole being propped at just the right angle with the pillow.
  Next Russ inserted a penis type gag into the slaves mouth and strapped it in
  place." We'll give you another chance in a little while bitch"remarked Russ
  before directing his attention to the slaves fuckhole. Russ directed Cindy
  to take a break and he then proceeded to mount Anne from the rear. During about
  three minutes of thrusting Anne's erotic moans were very impressive considering
  the gag and the pain from the lashings. Russ finished her off and redressed.
  He wasn't in a mood for prolonged slave sex today.  
Summoning Cindy back into the room he directed her to insert a modest sized
  vaginal dildo and to chain both of the slaves holes. Cindy frowned. This meant
  she wouldn't be allowed to use her strap on device on Anne but Russ was the
  boss. The dildo fit in place easily. It was a time delay device programmed
  to buzz and stop at irregular intervals such as run for 20 seconds, stop for
  30 seconds.etc.It was guaranteed to torment even the most oversexed slut. A
  black plastic chain was padlocked around Anne's waist and the loose end was
  looped through her crotch as tightly as Cindy could manage then attached to
  the waist chain with another padlock. Cindy then joined Russ and Eddie in the
  living room once again enjoying the sight and sounds of Anne's torment over
  the monitors.  
Russ was unhappy that he did not have more time to train the slave but the
  organization clearly understood the slave acquisition was on a "as is" basis.
  Russ even lost interest in oral sex with the slave. To keep Cindy happy he
  allowed her to force the slave to eat Cindy's pussy, to Cindy this was not
  as appealing as strap on sex but it would have to do.  
The three slavers concentrated on preparations for the transport. This required
  driving the slave by van ten miles to an unused rural airstrip where she would
  be transferred to a prop driven small cargo plane.  
Transport day quickly arrived. Following the m.o. of the Cuban agents Anne
  was strapped into a strait jacket only this time with two dildos in place.
  Cindy had even graciously changed the batteries to assure functioning during
  transport. Naked from the waist down duct tape was used to bind her legs together
  just above the ankles and just below the knee. She was then injected in the
  buttocks with Valium sufficient to heavily sedate her but not to the point
  of unconsciousness. She was not gagged but her collar, which had remained padlocked
  around her neck since her capture, was left in place. The leather mask with
  only mouth and nose openings was reapplied. Anne was quite docile as she was
  driven to the landing strip by the three slavers. The plane was already on
  the ground and the transfer took less than three minutes. The three slavers
  watched silently as the plane took off and then headed back to Eddie's house
  for some much-needed rest.  
SKIP TRACER PART 4  
SYNOPSIS: In another dramatic twist Cindy Prell, stellar bounty hunter for
  the Acme Bail Bond Agency, becomes a captive of her employer and sold into
  slavery.  
It had been just under two months since Russell Schenck, owner of Acme Bail
  Bond, made his first venture into slave procurement. Since then things had
  gone steadily downhill. A jury returned a $750,000.00 award against Acme for
  a prisoner brutality case which had occurred three years earlier. With insurance
  only covering $250,000.00 the prospect of bankruptcy loomed. To further complicate
  matters a defendant skipped on a $50,000.00 bail bond and was reportedly in
  Pakistan. No hope of avoiding forfeiture in this case. Cindy Prell had not
  been paid for her work on the Chicago capture and she was hounding Russ for
  payment in her characteristically arrogant and abrasive way.  
The prospect of further involvement in the slave procurement business was
  becoming increasingly attractive. To test the waters Russ sought out Jamil
  who was on the staff of the Central African Republic UN delegation. He was
  reputed to have contacts in the slave market. Two days after Russ mentioned
  his interest Jamil called requesting to meet Russ in person. Certain matters
  were just too sensitive for telephones especially since it was assumed US Intelligence
  routinely eavesdropped on various UN missions. At the meeting Jamil related
  that an unnamed high-ranking government official of an unnamed African nation
  was interested in the acquisition of a petite, long legged White female for
  his harem. Russ pressed for details of the logistics of such a slave transfer.
  Jamil knew Russ had an oceanfront estate on the Atlantic shore of Nassau County,
  Long Island. This scenario was described: a cabin cruiser style boat would
  pick up the slave at the dock of Russ' estate. The slave would then be ferreted
  to a rendezvous with an African bound oil tanker after being placed in a special
  cage, which would be winched aboard the tanker from the smaller boat. Russ
  was overcome with awe at the ingenuity of the plan. He pressed Jamil for details
  on what level of slave training was acceptable. Jamil stated that while basic
  conditioning was desirable timeliness was of greater concern and that the buyer
  wanted the order filled within a week. Russ assured Jamil that he would meet
  the deadline.  
Cindy Prell was an obvious choice from Russ' standpoint. She certainly met
  the physical requirements although overcoming her visceral domineering character
  would be a challenge. Her abduction could be accomplished far easier and more
  quickly than could a fresh snatch. Russ had recently learned that Cindy was
  into low-level cocaine dealing. Drug dealers invariably get caught Russ reasoned
  and when they do they sing like canaries to mitigate their punishment. Cindy
  might well be tempted to implicate Russ in the abduction of Anne Brown, which
  would assure lengthy incarceration for him. Russ had no love for Cindy, she
  had rebuffed his sexual advances long ago but he continued to employ her because
  of her superior job related skills.  
On the way home that day Russ stopped at a swank boutique in Queens that
  offered a large assortment of bondage devices. Russ purchased nearly $500.00worth
  of items paying cash. He had resolved long ago never to use a credit card for
  sensitive purchases. His next step was to arrange for Eddie to travel by car
  from Pittsburgh. Eddie had previously worked as an attendant at a psychiatric
  hospital and was skilled in the application of straitjackets and drug injection.
  These skills had proven invaluable in the Brown case and would soon do so again.
  Plane travel had to be avoided due to airport security and the nature of items
  Eddie would be carrying.  
It was 6:00PM precisely when Cindy pulled into Russ' driveway. He had called
  less than two hours earlier requesting Cindy meet him saying "I've got really
  good news for you" without going into detail. Assuming she was to be paid Cindy
  had set a new record for speeding while on route and was fortunate to avoid
  being stopped. She was surprised to see Eddie's car parked in the drive. Cindy
  was dressed to kill: a short vinyl mini-skirt, a tight fitting ribbed white
  turtleneck sweater, and fashionable mid length boots. Russ stood in the doorway
  beckoning her inside. Seeing Eddie and mindful of his well-known homosexuality
  Cindy quipped "What's the matter Russ you hard up for some male cock in your
  ass" while flashing her trademark smirk. It was the last smirk Cindy would
  flash. Russ took her by total surprise zapping her with a taser and causing
  her to instantly slump to the floor unconscious. Her last words were "You bastard".  
Located in the basement of the house was a special windowless prisoner confinement
  room much like that in Eddie's house. One difference was it did not have an
  attached bathroom, prisoners had to be taken to another part of the basement.
  The room was equipped with devices, which permitted audio and visual monitoring
  of the room from other parts of the house. Russ and Eddie dragged Cindy to
  the room and sat her upright in a high backed wooden chair, which was securely
  attached to the floor. The chair had elbows to which wrists could be cuffed
  to but Russ chose to cuff her hands behind her using double hinge metal cuffs.
  The next step was to remove her boots. It took some doing as she was seemingly
  glued into them. Next a pair of heavy duty scissors quickly removed and shredded
  every ounce of clothing she was wearing. Russ liked women in their birthday
  suits. Leather ankle cuffs were used to attach her legs to the opposite legs
  of the chair. Russ made certain they were spread back as far as they could
  go. Next leather restraining belts were attached around just below and above
  her boobs and secured to the back ribs of the chair. A specially purchased
  5" leather posture collar was attached around her neck. A leather hood with
  only mouth and nose openings was form fitted over her head. She was left ungagged-at
  least for now.  
Satisfied that their slave was sufficiently immobilized Russ and Eddie set
  out on the next phase of the operation. Eddie drove her car and left it in
  the parking lot of a bar about 5 miles away that was frequented by the drug
  crowd. Russ followed in his car. Using Cindy's cell phone Russ twice dialed
  the number of a known drug dealer and hung up. When Cindy was eventually reported
  missing the police would most likely obtain her cell phone records and the
  calls to the drug dealer would focus attention on the dealer. Russ drove Eddie
  back to the house knowing Cindy would be conscious when they arrived.  
END PART 4  
SKIP TRACER PART 5 by Skip  
Cindy was indeed conscious. Despite her severe restraints and blindfold she
  persisted in a torrent of invectives directed at Russ and Eddie. She could
  not conceive of the possibility that she would be sold into slavery; in her
  mind this was simply a bizarre sexual assault by two misogynists. Russ explained
  her intended fate to her and it did nothing to quiet her. Finally Russ took
  a soiled pair of Eddie's underpants and stuffed them into her mouth effectively
  silencing her. Russ concluded that to train Cindy conventionally would require
  such massive flagellation that she would be severely scarred for life. Therefore
  he opted for electroshock therapy, another of Eddie's specialties. Four electrodes
  were attached, one on each of her nipples, and one on each of her inner thighs.
  The system featured a wireless transmitter from which shocks of three intensities
  could be administered to any or all of the electrodes simultaneously. Her gag
  was removed and the shocks began. She was commanded to utter a certain phrase
  such as "I'm a useless slut". If she failed to do so convincingly she would
  be shocked. Thus a Pavlov Ian response would be achieved and after two hours
  her defiant attitude had withered significantly and every sentence she uttered
  ended in "Sir". This training continued for the greater part of two days. Eventually
  she was allowed the pleasure of a vibrating vaginal dildo. Her position was
  modified to one of lying on her back on a bed arms and legs cuffed spread eagle
  style. She was allowed to use the bathroom with her hands cuffed in front of
  her and a 6" hobble chain between her ankles. Led to the bathroom by a leash
  she offered no resistance. She was gagged and blindfolded for varying periods
  of time but a modest ball gag was used instead of underwear.  
Transport day arrived quickly enough. Her eyes and overall demeanor were
  sullen and she appeared resigned to her fate. One hour before transport Eddie
  injected her buttocks with Valium and the sedating effect was evident immediately.
  The strait jacket was applied along with the hobble chain. Her vibrator was
  removed. Gagged but not blindfolded, nude from the waist down, she was led
  to the dock where a cabin cruiser awaited. It was dusk. Russ or Eddie did not
  say as little as goodbye as three Black males led her into the cabin and locked
  her into a specially built wooden crate with a large hook atop. The cabin cruiser
  traveled three nautical miles and rendezvoused with a huge oil tanker. A winch
  was lowered and connected to the hook on the crate. Five minutes later Cindy
  still encased in the crate found herself on the floor of the Captain's office
  as the vessel began its long voyage to Africa.  
EPILOG: one year later  
RUSS SCHENCK: indicted by a Federal Grand Jury in Manhattan for income tax
  evasion and filing a false stolen vehicle insurance claim Russ plea bargains
  for an 18 month prison sentence. Initially sent to a minimum-security prison
  camp in Central Pennsylvania he is unexpectly transferred to a nearby maximum
  security prison. Five days later he is gang raped by male inmates. Acme Bail
  Bond goes into bankruptcy; Russ' estate is seized to help satisfy the jury
  award.  
EDDIE: after returning to the Pittsburgh area Eddie worked as an AIDS Prevention
  Outreach Counselor for the county but died six months later, the unintended
  victim of a drug related drive by shooting.  
ANNE BROWN: Anne ingratiated herself with a Columbian drug lord while serving
  as his sex slave. She now speaks and writes Spanish fluently. The fugitive
  embezzler has conned her master into allowing her to perform accounting work
  for the organization.  
CINDY PRELL: served faithfully as a harem slave to the Ugandan Minister of
  Justice. Eventually she was able to convince him to allow her to serve as Headmistress
  for the other females in the harem. Exempt from serving as a submissive she
  has reverted to full time Domme status.  
THE END  
SKIP TRACER-Part 6 by Skip  
SYNOPSIS: Ex bounty hunter Cindy Prell has been sold into African slavery
  by her employer. She is able to escape and return to the US where she lusts
  for revenge upon her enslaver.  
CODES: M/F/F, violent, bdsm, torture, nc  
The past two years had not been kind to Cindy Prell. Once a stellar bounty
  hunter for the Acme Bail Bond Agency she was abducted by her employer, Russell
  Schenck, and shipped to Africa where she was assigned to the harem of the Ugandan
  Minister of Justice. She was now 29 years old. At 5'9, 125 pounds and still
  as eye catching as ever, the brunette radiated an demeanor of dominance and
  authority.  
For a visceral bi-sexual dominate the prospect of being forced to serve males
  in a harem was a test of her survival ability. Eventually she was able to convince
  her master that she was well suited for the position of harem keeper- a female
  dominate to train and discipline the other five harem slaves. Three of the
  slaves were indigenous Africans, the other two were French females abducted
  from their home country and shipped to Uganda. Their transport m. o. was much
  like Cindy's: sedated and restrained in the cargo holds of a ship and an aging
  prop driven cargo plane.  
Despite language differences Cindy derived exceptional pleasure from training
  the two non-indigenous slaves as they were both initially quite defiant. The
  indigenous slaves were of a mind set far more conducive to training and did
  not present the same challenge. As a result of her status as harem keeper her
  requirement to serve other males was minimized although occasionally she was
  required to serve an important visitor. Somehow she managed to adapt to such
  indignities.  
As so often happens in Third World countries military coups overthrow existing
  governments and mass purges occur. Such happened in Uganda and Cindy's master
  was arrested and executed the day after a three hour summary trial. Cindy was
  able to escape to the confines of the South African embassy. Fortunately she
  had served the ambassador previously and he arranged for her safe passage to
  that nation. Once in South Africa sympathetic government officials provided
  false documentation which allowed Cindy to enter the US posing as a clerical
  employee to the South African Embassy in Washington. Cindy's stay as an embassy
  employee was short lived as she prepared to extract revenge from Russell Schenck.  
Operating from an aging farmhouse in the Catskill region of New York is a
  motorcycle gang known as the" Kings Henchmen". It is an independent outlaw
  gang consisting of about 25 males and 15 females. Like so many such gangs it
  supports itself by engaging in trafficking in meth and stolen cycles. The leader
  of the gang is a 30 something grisly type known only as "Karl the Rogue" whose
  real identity and background is not known to anyone. About 12 of the members,
  including the Rogue, reside at the farmhouse. Cindy was acquainted with the
  Rogue from years ago and it was always on good terms. When Cindy inquired about
  the prospect of membership in the gang the Rogue promptly provided transportation
  to the clubhouse for Cindy. Cindy's pitch was that she be allowed to serve
  as enforcer for the female members of the gang knowing that every gang has
  its share of errant female members. But Cindy was adamant that she not be considered
  group property as were the other females. This was acceptable to the Rogue
  but there was no exception to the initiation rule. Compared to the indignities
  she had endured in Uganda this was a minor sacrifice. The initiation took place
  in traditional biker fashion: Cindy was tied spread-eagled on her back to four
  stakes in the ground and serviced all the male members of the club. She did
  her best to fake orgasms but something strange happened when she was servicing
  the Rogue. The feeling of pleasure was genuine and overwhelming as he thrust
  repeatedly into her. Cindy knew intuitively she had to dispel this attraction
  before it led to her demise. Permanent sexual attraction to any male was simply
  incompatible with her visceral dominate character.  
Cindy's first disciplinary case was Leslie a 18 year old runaway from a wealthy
  Boston family who had been with the gang less than two months. Her transgression
  was that she had a sexual encounter with a local construction worker, a practice
  strictly forbidden by the gang rules. Cindy confronted the snooty aired wench
  in her bedroom and without warning dragged her by the hair outdoors where she
  was quickly attached by leather cuffs to an overhead bar connected between
  two wooden poles. "Time for some clothing alterations" chuckled Cindy reverting
  to her characteristic sarcastic mannerism. Using a pair of shears the skimpy
  clothing Leslie was wearing was quickly shredded leaving her on display while
  the other gang members were assembled to witness the impending flagellation.
  Using a flogger Cindy administered nearly twenty lashes to various body parts
  taking particular delight in the pussy lashes. Leslie was sobbing hysterically
  by the time the lashings ended. To complete her humiliation Cindy attached
  a metallic chastity belt padlocking it securely in place. Every evening for
  the next seven days Leslie would report to Cindy, nude except for the belt,
  for an inspection of the belt least any tampering might have been attempted.
  While the device effectively prevented any meaningful sexual activity the pain
  resulting from the lashings would have had a similar effect.  
Less than 100 miles away in Westchester County Russell Schenck was moving
  on with his life. After serving 18 months in a federal prison for tax and conspiracy
  charges he had completed his probation after being forced to work as a lowly
  pizza delivery driver. His Acme Bail Bond Agency was long bankrupt, his Long
  Island Oceanside estate forfeited to satisfy judgments.. At 53 years old and
  of slovenly appearance his future appeared dismal. That is until he met and
  incurred the favor of 24 year old Julia Goldstein. Julia was the heiress to
  the estate of her late husband a prominent NYC area trial lawyer who died in
  a traffic accident under mysterious circumstances at age 54 only one year after
  marrying Julia. The estate included a luxurious 15 acre farmhouse tract and
  nearly $5 million dollars in insurance and other assets. Julia was a stunning
  5'5, 115 lb. blond with a models appearance. She had never worked a day in
  her life having repeatedly leeched off wealthy males. Her attraction for Russell
  Schenck defied comprehension but they lived together at the farmhouse mansion.
  Their sex life was pretty much conventional with Russell never revealing his
  prior involvement in slave procurement and training. Russell had no idea as
  to the whereabouts of Cindy Prell assuming she was serving in some African
  harem. The knowledge that she was less than 100 miles away would definitely
  have destroyed his peace of mind.  
Given Cindy's wherewithal it didn't take her long to ascertain the whereabouts
  and situation of Russell Schenck. Murder as revenge for her enslavement would
  have been too benevolent. He had to be abducted, tortured and enslaved. While
  there was a market for male slaves especially in South America the appeal of
  a 53 year slovenly type was nil. On the other hand the market value of a female
  slave such as Julia was astronomically higher. Cindy had made the Rogue aware
  of her intentions and while non-committal he did not rule out the possibility.
  The prospect of realizing $100,000 or more for Julia's sale could only cause
  the Rogue to accept the proposition.  
Cindy's next disciplinary assignment for the gang was well suited for someone
  with a background as a bounty hunter. A 20 year old female gang member from
  the Syracuse area absconded with nearly $1000.00 in drug proceeds. Cindy and
  a male member were assigned to track down and return her. The wayward wench
  was easily located at a rural honky tonk. Cindy and her companion staked out
  the parking lot and with luck Brenda emerged alone from the pub just before
  midnight and walked towards her car. She was quickly overpowered by the two
  and dragged into the cargo area of the van. Cindy moved with skilled precision
  to restrain her captive. Metal handcuffs were used for the wrists and ankles,
  a leather neck collar was attached with a cable to a floor hook effectively
  preventing her from thrashing about. A soiled pair of Cindy's panties were
  stuffed into the mouth which was then sealed with duct tape wrapped around
  her head. Even by Cindy's standards this was severe restraint but the wench
  had to pay a price for betraying the gang. The captive, a buxom 5'4, 135 lb.
  brunette, looked good clad in a short dress and heels.  
Cindy rode shotgun in he rear for most of the three hour trip back to the
  clubhouse taking great pleasure in painfully fisting her captive. To further
  add to her pain a plug with a sandpapered surface was inserted anally. Brenda
  would be sore for many days to come. In the drivers seat Joe was in agony as
  Brenda's repeated moaning into her gag caused him to be unbearably hard. With
  any other female gang member Joe would have commanded a blow job but the last
  male member to proposition Cindy was kneed by her in the groin with the Rogue
  laughing in approval.  
At the club house the Rogue, at Cindy's urging, had constructed two windowless
  confinement cells in the basement of the farmhouse. The cells were constructed
  with a steel door with a small one way window. The occupant of the cell had
  no view outside the cell and could not tell if they were being observed. The
  cells were furnished with metal frame cots securely bolted to the floor along
  with various hooks for attaching restraining devices. Cindy tried to persuade
  the Rogue to provide audio and video monitoring devices but so far he had not
  seen fit to do so.  
One day Cindy gleefully anticipated that Russell Schenck and Julia Goldstein
  would occupy the cells. For the time being Brenda became the first occupant.
  A mattress was provided for the cot and a four foot chain attached to a metal
  neck collar assured that Brenda would be unable to stand. She would spend a
  few days in solitary confinement pending a "trial" before the gang members
  after which Cindy would be allowed to impose some brutal punishment. Until
  then Brenda was under Cindy's direct supervision. Cindy used her periodic visits
  to the cell to inflict assorted lashings upon the chained prisoner. Food was
  meager consisting of a liquid protein shakes. The Rogue had not authorized
  Cindy to use strap on devices upon other females. She was quite confident that
  would soon change. For the time being Brenda was kept nude and chained continually.
  Aside from the periodic lashes she endured only verbal abuse and taunting from
  Cindy.  
Late in the evening the Rogue sent word for Cindy to come to his bedroom.
  Upon entering Cindy first noticed Dawn lying on the floor naked and in a rigid
  hog tie. Dawn a brunette at 5'3" and 150 lb. was one of the heftier gang members
  and the oldest at 38. She was best known for her propensity to pick fights
  with non gang females at bars. The fact that she was a competent motorcycle
  mechanic probably contributed to her continued residency. Cindy wasn't aware
  of any recent transgressions by Dawn that would warrant punishment. "Strip
  we're going to make love" commanded the Rogue to Cindy.. "What were you a bad
  girl Dawn" chuckled Cindy as she reached down and patted her buttocks. The
  Rogue reacted by grabbing Cindy by the hair and pushing her to the bed. "The
  pig is not allowed to speak she is just here to watch and listen, now strip" commanded
  the Rogue in an angry tone. Cindy fought off the urge to strike back against
  the Rogue knowing she would end up severely battered and occupying the second
  punishment cell. Confused as to where this was all leading she quickly stripped.  
With minimal foreplay the Rogue mounted Cindy from the rear and began thrusting
  vigorously. Once again Cindy began to experience the strange sensation of actually
  enjoying sex with a male. The multiple organisms were genuine. She was torn
  between this feeling of inordinate sexual gratification and her ultimate goal
  of enslaving Russell Schenck. Cindy would have much preferred not to have a
  bound female in such close proximity.  
Once the Rogue finished his coital visitation he produced a strap on device.
  Handing it to Cindy he ordered her to put it on and to fuck Dawn anally until
  ordered to stop. "I don't fuck grandmothers" replied Cindy in a more matter
  of fact tone than chuckling. Without warning the Rogue produced a flogger and
  delivered a sharp lash to Cindy's pussy causing her to cringe in pain. "I'm
  sick and tired of your fucking sarcastic manner now do what I told you or you'll
  spend the night bound together with your face in her pussy" roared the Rogue.
  Cindy still shell shocked complied and after stuffing her panties into Dawn's
  mouth began thrusting. In the brief instant before the panties were inserted
  Dawn managed a smile, her first smile of the night  
After nearly 10 minutes of anal liberties the Rogue dismissed Cindy. She retired
  to her private bedroom, one of two non communal bedrooms in the house. Cindy
  was extremely troubled by the Rogue's increasingly mercurial and violent behavior.
  The lashing in front of Dawn threatened to undermine Cindy's authority as gang
  enforcer. What sexual attraction she had previously been feeling for the Rogue
  was fast fading. She seriously considered leaving the gang. Depressed and tired
  Cindy obtained a downer from the club pharmacy and soon was sound asleep.  
The next day the Rogue summoned Cindy to his office. Expecting further abuse
  she was quite surprised to say the least to find the Rogue apologetic for his
  earlier treatment of herself. At least as close to apologetic as was possible
  for the Rogue. Then came the real stunner. The Rogue informed Cindy that he
  had found a South American buyer for Julia Goldstein and that the buyer also
  would take delivery of Russell Schenck. The buyer desired delivery within three
  weeks. The Rogue knew that consummating the mission would require great planning
  and risk but he had complete confidence in Cindy 's expertise. Cindy was speechless
  for a few moments then chuckled "Russ will need training in sucking male cocks
  I think you'd be a great teacher Rogue". The Rogue stared angrily at Cindy
  then stopped and managed a smile as he shook his head. It was a tribute to
  Cindy's irrepressible sarcasm After months of brutal enslavement Cindy's lust
  for revenge would soon be fulfilled.  
END PART 6  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skip


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





