BDSM Library - Celeste's Chuckles




Celeste's Chuckles
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Celeste puts Ted through it again...what he'll do for his monthly orgasm...damn that chastity belt!Celeste's Chuckles. 
Ted finished wiping down the surface of the counter. There! That should please
  Ted's wife, Celeste, hopefully. Today was yet another big day, but he hoped
  Cel would remember first. If not, his dick might just burst out of its little
  prison. Ted looked around the kitchen at last. The cabinets were gleaming,
  the baseboards and floor had been mopped, scrubbed and waxed, the dishwasher
  and refrigerator had been cleaned out and scrubbed, and the windows had been
  washed. &ldquo;Teddy? Are you finished in there?&rdquo; Celeste's lilting tones
  caused Ted's dick to surge, as he thought of her in her bikini top and tight
  jeans. But his cock could only get so excited&hellip;suddenly, there was the
  pain. The PAIN. 
Ted's cock was entrapped in an unforgiving metal chastity device, a metal
  tube and he was not wise in getting big erections. Ted closed his eyes and
  began reciting state capitals to himself. Montgomery, Alabama. &ldquo;Teddy,
  are you finished?&rdquo; Celeste called. &ldquo;I want to show you my new top!&rdquo; Pierre,
  South Dakota. &ldquo;It's cute and pink, but I think it's too tight around
  my left boob!&rdquo; Salem, Oregon. Ted's dick calmed itself a little. Concord,
  New Hampshire. Ted thought of a homely girl he'd dated from New Hampshire during
  his junior year at Duke. Finally, his penis was small and quiet again. He put
  the rag down in the sink, and walked into the living room, where Ted's beautiful
  wife was reading &ldquo;Elle&rdquo; Celeste dropped the magazine on the floor. &ldquo;What
  do you think?&rdquo; Celeste was wearing a small, velvety pink top with a small
  Nascar emblem on the front. It was not quite a T-shirt, and not quite a blouse.
  It had quite a plunging neckline. Des Moines, Iowa. But Ted couldn't control
  the returning swelling to his glans, and again he was in pain. Lincoln, Nebraska.
  Ted, of course was naked, except for the horrid belt. 
Celeste began tucking in her shirt, which unfortunately emphasized the neckline
  by pushing the tops of her breasts out a bit. Celeste breathed deeply, and
  the cleavage jiggled a little. Ted unconsciously groped himself, trying to
  re-adjust the belt so his penis didn't hemhorrage. St. Paul, Minnesota. Albany,
  New York. &ldquo;Do you like the top, Ted? Jose gave it to me.&rdquo; Celeste
  looked at Ted anxiously. &ldquo;Do you think it's too tight?&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh,
  no.&rdquo; Ted managed. &ldquo;You look just won-wonderful. Miss Celeste, you
  are just the cutest girl.&rdquo; Celeste jumped out of her chair and walked
  over, giving Ted a big hug. She rubbed her boobs all over his chest, and his
  dick began contorting in its metal cell&hellip;it was &ldquo;Soul Train&rdquo; down
  there. Almost unwillingly, Ted's arms came around Celeste, and one hand went
  down to touch her bottom, rounded in the jeans. He squeezed Celeste's bottom,
  and ground himself into her crotch. WHACK!&rdquo; Ted's head rang. Celeste
  stood back, hands on her hips. She was furious now. &ldquo;God damn it Ted&hellip;did
  I say you could feel me up?&rdquo; Ted looked at the floor, a tear coming down
  one cheek. &ldquo;No, Miss Celeste.&rdquo; 
Ted and Celeste had met in high school, when he was a geometry geek and she,
  the captain of the cheerleaders&hellip;she had no time for him. Ten years later,
  he'd run into her again in Tyson's Corner mall, and discovered that Celeste
  was poor now, and divorced. Ted had asked her to move in with him, and showed
  her his nasty metal belt, and his funny magazines&hellip;perhaps he shouldn't
  have. He should have slept with Celeste at least once, he thought. But now
  it was too late. Santa Fe, New Mexico. Now Ted was completely in Celeste's
  thrall&hellip;he supported Celeste, gave her lots of money, and took care of
  the house and cooking, as well. Celeste's job was to look good for him, and
  once a month, if Ted was very, very good, she'd take off his belt and let him
  have a very short jerk-off session, while staring at Celeste in whatever snug
  dress or tight shorts she was in, and the orgasm would be worth all the housework,
  all the money, all the favors. She was his Princess. 
She was unpredictable, sometimes, and it seemed like there were so many rules.
  Recently, Ted's wife felt that Ted wasn't getting enough sleep, so she'd given
  him an eight o'clock bedtime. This was bad enough, Ted being in bed like a
  five year old while Cel entertained her young male friends, necking on the
  couch in front of Jay Leno, but the way he had to say good night! Celeste had
  purchased some red striped pajamas for Ted, no sleeping in his tee shirt and
  shorts any more&hellip;and he had to come in and kiss her good night&hellip;and
  one night, they'd been entertaining another couple, and five to eight had hit,
  and Celeste said &ldquo;It's bedtime, Teddy. Not for you guys&hellip;we can
  sit up and tell some dirty jokes, but Teddy's in bed by eight, go get in your
  jimmies, honey.&rdquo; 
Ted tried to hint that maybe since they were with his college buddy and his
  girl, maybe he could just stay up a little later, y'know, for appearances&hellip;Celeste
  had taken Ted by the ear in front of Dave and Kirsten, and boy did Kirs giggle.
  They'd gone in the bedroom, and Ted had changed into his red striped P.J.'s
  and then Celeste made him come out and kiss her good night, and say good night
  to the astonished Dave and Kirsten&hellip; 
Ted had gotten pouty, and damned if Cel hadn't pulled him over her knee,
  pulled down his jimmies, and whipped him with a hairbrush! She'd asked Dave
  for his belt for the final ten, and Ted was not much of a pain-taker&hellip;he'd
  burst into tears. He'd spent the rest of the evening, not in bed as was the
  plan, but standing in the corner with his pajama bottoms down and his red bottom
  on display. Dave and Kirsten had not been back. But Celeste was wonderful!
  He'd rather spend an evening massaging and waxing Celeste's long legs, with
  the cock in surging pain in the belt, than see any old friends, or new ones
  either, for that matter. 
Now she looked at him, annoyed. &ldquo;Just a pervert, Ted. That's what I
  married, a fucking perv.&rdquo; Ted hung his head. &ldquo;And what a way to
  act&hellip;today of all days.&rdquo; Ted looked up, panicked. It was true,
  it was his squirt day. He had not had a release now in two months, as the month
  before he'd screwed things up by not opening a package she'd sent him at work
  containing the key. Now it had been two months, sixty days, eight weeks, or
  was it nine? No, no&hellip;he couldn't have screwed it up again. Celeste looked
  at Ted's teary, pleading eyes, and chuckled. &ldquo;No, don't worry honey.
  I'm not mad at ya. You're not usually such a grabby boy, and you do take care
  of me.&rdquo; Celeste walked to her familiar chair and sat down in it, her
  breasts shifting in the pink top. Ted sighed. Albany, New York. Or had he already
  done Albany? Celeste reached into her pocket and brought out the key, and handed
  it to Ted. Usually, she made him beg for it, pretended to get in tempers or &ldquo;lost&rdquo; it,
  but tonight seemed to be his night. Ted put the key in the lock and began to
  turn it, grinning. 
&ldquo;Wait!&rdquo; Ted stopped and looked up. &ldquo;I forgot something&rdquo; Celeste
  held a finger up, the long red nail twirling a bit. Celeste reached into her
  handbag sitting by the chair and brought out some handcuffs. &ldquo;Turn around,
  honey.&rdquo; Ted was stunned. &ldquo;What, but it's my time&mdash;will I cum?&rdquo; Handcuffs
  were a new thing in their play. Sometimes Cel did tie his hands when she was
  washing the belt, to make sure Teddy didn't diddle himself, but that was after
  his monthly. But he obeyed orders. After Ted was cuffed, he turned around again,
  and Celeste carefully removed his belt, and Ted's dick shot up, looking a little
  precum-soaked. &ldquo;Aaw, Teddy.&rdquo; Celeste looked terribly concerned.
  She took a tissue out of her hand bag and began wiping the liquid off the head
  of Ted's dick, and of course this generated more liquid, dribbling out of the
  tip. Ted watched Celeste's long nails and soft fingers manipulate his penis,
  and it surged. This was the first time she'd ever touched his penis, he thought.
  And they were married now! It was about time. Ted watched Celeste's cleavage,
  which seemed somewhat squeezed in the top, as the energetic and quite soft
  fingers played along his glans. Ted quickly inhaled breath as Celeste wiped
  him clean, gave him a final stroke and dropped his penis in mid air. 
He had to be very careful, Ted. Of late, it seemed like Celeste was less
  generous with his monthly orgasm&mdash;making him earn it, for instance. He'd
  lost his squirt day one month because Cel had made Ted kneel naked holding
  a tray out with two glasses filled to the rim with water. &ldquo;Honey, I want
  you to do this, just for two hours&hellip;if you drop any water from once glass,
  you can't cum this month, if you drop both glasses you can't cum next month&hellip;but
  if you can hold the glasses for two hours, I'll let you cum twice.&rdquo; Ted
  had made it an hour and forty-five minutes, his knees numb on the hardwood
  floor, his arms held out stiffly. He'd once had to do this with a rifle in
  R.O.T.C., but only for twenty minutes&hellip;Ted was so close, and then Celeste
  walked by in her denim shorts, turned around, pulling down the pants quick
  and giving Ted a big moon. Two months of celibacy followed, plus another fortnight
  because when the second glass fell, some of it got on Celeste's leather sandals.
  Another month Cel had had Teddy wash her lingerie by hand in a bowl on the
  floor&hellip;an hour time limit, and he just couldn't get the &ldquo;ring around
  the collar&rdquo; out of her best blouse, and the date had been extended twelve
  days. 
Now, Ted was standing, humiliated as always, as Celeste stuck her tongue
  out at his penis, as it waved it back and forth, and thought about how embarrassed
  he felt. &ldquo;Now what?&rdquo; Ted asked sheepishly. He could never get over
  how embarrassed it made him to stand naked before his beautiful, clothed wife..and
  why were his hands cuffed? &ldquo;Miss Celeste, I can't stimulate myself with
  my hands gone.&rdquo; Ted said piteously. Celeste pulled her top tighter, giggling
  at Ted's bouncing erection. &ldquo;You're right, Teddy. What you need is friction&hellip;but
  don't you get sick of the sameness of your hand?&rdquo; Ted's stomach leaped.
  Was she going to screw him? Or blow him? Jerk him off? Unlike the tease/denial
  girls in his websites and magazines, Celeste didn't touch Ted's dick if she
  could help it, at least when it was bare&hellip; could this be changing? Celeste
  smiled, and stood up, taking Ted by the shoulders and guiding him to his knees,
  and down on the hardwood floor. 
Now Ted was lying on his stiff penis on the floor, with his hands cuffed
  just above his naked bottom. All he could see of Miss Celeste were her high
  heeled pumps. This one, he thought, was weird. &ldquo;You ready to get some
  friction, Teddy?&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes, ma'am.&rdquo; Ted was muffled by the floor. &ldquo;Start
  rubbing.&rdquo; Celeste's laugh tinkled above Ted. &ldquo;Rubbing? What do
  you mean?&rdquo; What the hell, Ted thought. &ldquo;Rub your wee-wee against
  the floor, honey. This is a new one for you&hellip;are you afraid of splinters?
  Wait.&rdquo; The pumps moved away, and came back and Ted saw one glorious knee
  as Celeste knelt beside him. She reached over, lifting his crotch, and pulled
  a white fluffy towel between penis and floor. &ldquo;Now, Teddy&hellip;hump
  that floor.&rdquo; There was a chuckle in Celeste's voice. &ldquo;What do you
  mean? I want to play with myself.&rdquo; Ted was arguing into the hardwood. &ldquo;I've
  earned it! Please Miss Celeste.&rdquo; Ted felt Celeste's pump kick his shoulder
  not too gently. &ldquo;Darling, remember last time? You complained so much,
  your time ran out&hellip;&rdquo; 
Ted sighed, and tears came into his eyes. He began humping the towel. The
  cuffs bit his hands as he tried to pull out of the bracelets, but he focused
  on rubbing his swollen dick, engorged with sixty days of backed up arousal,
  against the fuzzy towel. Ted pushed his erection back and forth, and up and
  down, and the friction was there&hellip;but he wished he could look at Miss
  Celeste. &ldquo;I want to look at you when I cum, Miss Celeste&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh,
  you've seen this old girl before, Teddy, Hump, it's doing you good.&rdquo; She
  was right, the cock was pushing hard against the towel, and Ted felt more and
  more excited. It was bringing him off, but it was indeed an unusual experience.
  But could it get worse? Ted heard the door open, and Travis' voice. He had
  a key to Ted's house? &ldquo;What's this, Celeste, honey?&rdquo; Travis' voice
  was quite amused. Travis was one of Celeste's on again, off again boyfriends&hellip;Ted
  hated him. &ldquo;Looks like this boy's trying to grind hisself into the floor.&rdquo; 
Celeste laughed. Ted could see her polished toenails as she walked towards
  Travis' boots. Both of them clothed, and how ridiculous he felt, naked as a
  jaybird, fornicating with a damned towel. &ldquo;Well, he's got to get his
  release too, Travis. I made you come eight times yesterday, and you made me
  cum about thirteen&hellip;Teddy's got his due, too, don't you sweet-ums.&rdquo; Ted
  bit his lip. He wanted to kill them both, but even the derision didn't stop
  him from humping&hellip; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





