BDSM Library - Tali Topless




Tali Topless
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sequel to "Tali's Training" Fenton the Felon dominates Tali the District Attorney!Tali Topless  
Francine was embarrassing Tali in the Rockville Courthouse cafeteria. &ldquo;C'mon,
  everyone talks about trying to help rehabilitate criminals, but who really
  is hands on? Natalia here is remarkable!&rdquo; Tali smiled, and shook her
  head. &ldquo;I hired an extremely competent chauffer, that's all. And Fenton
  is good company as well, he's not really like other disadvantaged types&mdash;he's
  teaching himself Greek, for God's sake.&rdquo; Francine laughed. &ldquo;You're
  a saint!&rdquo; Francine turned to Ken Buxbaum, who was her obsession of the
  month. Ken smiled. &ldquo;I've heard about this, Tali&hellip;Tom Beck told
  me that you've taken in Maryland's most obnoxious car thief&hellip;a chauffer?
  Does Fenton &ldquo;Hot&rdquo; Weir even have a license?&rdquo;  
Tali turned crimson. Ken had asked Tali out a number of times, though she
  was careful to keep this from Francine. But this isn't jealousy, it's bitchiness,
  she thought. &ldquo;I mean, really Tali. Housing a middle aged black ex-convict
  pseudo intellectual&hellip;&rdquo; &ldquo;And Fenton's half-Jewish, Bux&rdquo; kidded
  Stan. Buxbaum winced mumbling, &ldquo;We chosen people should be so proud.&rdquo; &ldquo;It's
  a great thing, Ken.&rdquo; Francine insisted. &ldquo;Tali lets Fenton live
  rent free in her basement&hellip;and gives him about twenty-five a year to
  drive her, though its funny, I've never seen him drive you in.&rdquo;  
Tali thought about Fenton&hellip;drive her, indeed! She was lucky when she
  got to drive herself in. Fenton often took the car to spend the day with one
  of his sluts, or at the Library of Congress, or Champion Billiards with his
  loser friends. He'd caned her hard when she'd complained. Tali was relegated
  to taking cabs at work, but then Fenton felt that now that they were secretly
  engaged, he should manage the funds, and he kept Tali on a strict allowance,
  as he was saving to take Stacy to the Virgin Islands. Tali was on the bus these
  days, and today, while everyone else was eating cafeteria food, this $150,000
  a year prosecutor was having a peanut butter sandwich out of a brown bag.  
The other night, when Fenton had forced Tali to suck off drunks at the Trailways
  Station as a humility lesson, he'd said. &ldquo;You are so attached to that
  money and prestige, that's why I was reluctantly forced to have you sign over
  the accounts. Now there's no more Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus&hellip;Filene's
  is good for you. Tali had been kneeling, naked except for pasties and torn
  pink stockings in an abandoned janitor's closet, cum running down her face,
  while the next drunk was coming up with his quarter. (Fenton said they should
  charge something.) &ldquo;But it's not fair&hellip;&rdquo; Tali said. &ldquo;I've
  worked hard for all I have, Fenton, and now you make me live on thirty-five
  dollars a week.&rdquo; Fenton shook his head.  
&ldquo;It's all yours if you want it back, dear&hellip;&rdquo; Fenton smiled. &ldquo;As
  Rhett Butler said, &lsquo;There are other bedrooms, my dear.' Do you want me
  to move out tonight?&rdquo; Tali had panicked&hellip;her whole world was so
  nice and simple now&hellip;and so exciting. &ldquo;No, Master, I'm sorry I
  talked back.&rdquo; Tali had stared at Fenton with pleading eyes. &ldquo;Very
  well, then,&rdquo; Fenton responded. &ldquo;Your allowance is now twenty-five
  dollars a week. Why don't you suck Josh now, honey?&rdquo; There went her tennis
  blouse. She couldn't save for it now. Tali bit her tongue, and took the next
  welfare recipients penis in her mouth&hellip;Remembering it now at the table
  with her friends, though, Tali was wet&hellip;what a man Fenton is.  
Stan Jessup, who prosecuted bank fraud asked, &ldquo;Isn't Fenton Weir the
  guy in the Enquirer story who Congresswoman Smythe caught stealing her Beemer?
  They were engaged for a year, until Fenton was caught looting a Mitsubishi
  dealership. Smythe got him a suspended sentence, but they split up.&rdquo; Buxbaum
  dropped his milk carton. &ldquo;How is she still elected?&rdquo; Stan laughed. &ldquo;Like
  Barney Frank, Smythe has a very loyal constituency. After it was over, she
  ran for Senate and won.&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;Hey&rdquo; Francine quipped, &ldquo;She should marry Charles Manson-they'd
  make her governor!&rdquo; &ldquo;This isn't romantic, is it, Tali?&rdquo; Stan
  asked jokingly. &ldquo;Fenton's a nice guy, and a gourmet cook, Stan, but have
  you seen him? He wears thrift store clothes, he has a big Jewish schnozz-sorry,
  Bux, and he is balding WITH an Afro, for God's sake!&rdquo; Walter Waxman,
  a court reporter snickered.&rdquo;I went to dinner at Tali's and the guy put
  his plate on the table when he was finished!&rdquo; Wax, of course was also
  very much interested in Tali, but did he have to be such an asshole? Clint
  Malchamus, a U.S. marshal looked serious. &ldquo;Tali, I've seen the guy's
  sheet. He's been stealing, stripping, and re-selling vehicles since he was
  ten. Are you sure that's wise?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Oh yes,&rdquo; Tali answered. &ldquo;Fenton's made a complete turn
  around&hellip;and he provides for many of my household needs.&rdquo; Except
  the need that I have most, she thought as the soaked panties stuck to her chastity
  corset.  
    
   
&ldquo;I just want it so much.&rdquo; Tali leaned in to Fenton the Felon,
  feeding him little bits of salmon with her fork. She'd built a big fire, and
  lit candles&hellip;it was that sort of night, if she was lucky. &ldquo;I've
  tried so hard to be worthy, Fenton.&rdquo; Fenton bit a piece of salmon off
  the fork, and another dropped onto his Schirmer Music T-shirt. He'd had them
  send some Chopin, and it was playing lightly in the background, though Tali
  preferred U2. Fenton chewed the salmon, and his upper plate slipped slightly,
  and more salmon fell on the T-shirt. Tali shook her head lovingly, and wiped
  it off with a napkin.  
 Fenton patted Tali's thigh, and her clitoris became quite lively. He's sexy
  as hell, even if he does have poor table manners, thought Tali. Being raised
  in orphanages and juvenile prisons doesn't prepare you as my six years at Miss
  Porter's School did. She watched Fenton abstractedly cleaning salmon off his
  denture bridge with the corner of his shirt before replacing it in his mouth.
  I love him anyway. He's beautiful. And I want him to fuck me. Can I prove that
  I'm worthy? Tali leaned in to Fenton, watching the fire's reflection in his
  hideously 80's aviator glasses. &ldquo;Please, Master&hellip; can we talk about
  this?&rdquo;  
Fenton took a longing glance at &ldquo;The Vicar of Wakefield&rdquo;, which
  he'd been trying to finish all evening. He smiled and accepted more salmon
  from Tali. She was something else. Clad in an enchanting bustier and tiny thong
  panties, it was hard not to address this issue with her. What she really wanted
  for her arrogance was a horsewhipping in the back yard; and then to be locked
  in the dog's kennel cage out there, but it's February, damn it. It was fun
  last summer when Fenton had first purchased the cage, used for training puppies.
  Tali was locked in a crouched position in the hot July night. She'd come in
  to cook Fenton's breakfast in the morning, red eyed and sweaty, covered in
  mosquito bites.  
Fenton grinned at the memory. Fenton then accepted more salmon, some of which
  became caught in his goatee, and responded with his mouth full. &ldquo;Tali
  I know you want me to make love to you&hellip;but I don't sleep with submissives.
  It's highly impertinent of you to even ask me.&rdquo; Tali's heart stopped.
  SubmissIVES? Were there more than her? She knew Fenton had lots of girlfriends,
  he was bringing them home all the time, and quite often debasing her in front
  of them. Just the week before, Fenton had been screwing Nicole, a 7-Eleven
  cashier and Walter Johnson Highschool student, in Tali's Princess bed. He'd
  made Tali serve them breakfast and then run on all fours naked to &ldquo;fetch&rdquo; the
  Washington Post in her teeth. She'd torn a bit of it, and Nicole had been allowed
  to whip Tali's ass with a hairbrush, and then lock her in a closet.  
 Fenton had also allowed Heather, his twenty year old daughter, to dom Tali,
  and this was terribly inappropriate. Heather was a fat, twenty-year old, conceived
  with the staff cardiologist during Fenton's thirty-three month stay at the
  Eastern Correctional Institution in Princess Anne, Maryland. Heather would
  go off at anything, and once, when Tali had been tutoring her for a high school
  calculus class, Heather had gotten frustrated at Tali's easy mastery of the
  material. She had beaten Tali with a rubber hose and locked Tali into a clothing
  trunk with holes in the top for nearly three hours. After Heather had calmed
  down, she'd taken the sweating Tali out, and made her finish the tutoring lesson.
  Fenton Junior also liked wielding the belt, but he didn't have Heather's vigor&hellip;Tali
  hated visitation days.  
Now, Fenton leaned in to Tali, and rubbed his fingers in her cleavage. &ldquo;What
  do you have to offer your Master in return for me screwing you, Tali? I don't
  recall that we ever discussed this privilege for you, you're spoiled enough
  by all those lawyers drooling over you at the Rockville Courthouse&hellip;not
  to mention your father giving you a new BMW every year since you were sixteen.
  Certainly I never thought you would ask for special favors&hellip; I've never
  spoiled you, dear.&rdquo; Tali nodded wearily.  
 &ldquo;You are supposed to get satisfaction from my pleasure&hellip;to satisfy
  me with your mouth, to give me massages&hellip;my penis only goes into quality
  twats, which could mean any overweight seventy-year old bar pickup, remember
  the one I brought home, and I made you service her&hellip;the dime-store lady.&rdquo; Fenton
  laughed. &ldquo;You can't blame me, Natalia, I couldn't do it, that woman didn't
  bathe&hellip;but I screwed old Frances&hellip;she and most other women are
  of more quality than a scum like you. &ldquo; A tear rolled down Tali's nose.
  A child model, Homecoming Queen at Walter Johnson High School, Tali had done
  bit parts in movies as a young adult, and been Miss Baltimore at nineteen.
  Tali had been proposed to by three different millionaires by the time she'd
  graduated from college. But she was nothing more than a dog, a dog to be ignored
  and whipped, if this was Fenton's wish. After all&hellip;she'd never had more
  passion than in the last two years&hellip;Fenton was steak, and everything
  else porridge.  
&ldquo;I think you know the rules&hellip;but you always push the envelope
  and then I have to make new ones.&rdquo; Fenton said sorrowfully, as he squeezed
  and twisted one breast, and Tali tried to keep a straight face. &ldquo;I told
  you that you would be responsible for your own orgasms as well as mine, but
  then I'd catch you masturbating after every training session. And after every
  blowjob you gave me, which meant you were getting off five times a day.  
 Once I caught you masturbating to a mug shot of mine that you brought home
  from the court house.&rdquo;Fenton looked severe, but inwardly he chuckled
  at the memory of Tali frigging herself over that old, pathetic Post Office
  photo of him. &ldquo; So then I had to put you in a chastity corset, let you
  out to masturbate once a month&hellip;and then you seemed so obnoxious about
  asking when your date was, I had to get you a calendar, and make your orgasm
  date once every two months.&rdquo; Fenton shook his head. &ldquo;And of course
  your belt has no urinary hole so you have to rush home once or twice a day,
  interrupting my work&mdash;remember when you drove all the way over to the
  Byzantine Library at Dumbarton Oaks to get me to unlock you? How embarrassing
  that was.&rdquo;  
 Tali thought about that, zooming into Georgetown from a deposition in Howard
  County, urine puddling out the sides of the evil leather, tight-fitting corset,
  which went just above her breasts like a one-piece bathing suit, except no
  swimwear she'd ever seen was made of black leather with a numbered lock. Fenton
  had bought the corset on a business trip in Indonesia, for a previous slave,
  while he was stealing Humvees. The first slave, Gloria, head of the parole
  board member at Lorton reformatory, was a little slimmer, so unfortunately
  the corset fit Tali, though perhaps a little tight. Only Fenton knew the combination,
  and it was he who would unlace the back, complaining about her ruining his
  leisure.  
 Tali was supposed to have four scheduled bathroom visits a day, like a dog,
  and she drank very little water. Once she'd come home, bladder bursting, in
  the middle of the day, and Fenton had been busy inside with the head cheerleader
  at Sidwell Friends. They'd peered out the window at Montgomery County's prosecuting
  vunderkind, as she hopped up and down on the steps, dancing, dancing until
  finally the urine rolled down Tali's nylons and she'd burst into tears. This,
  to say nothing of Fenton's refusal to let her masturbate to orgasm more than
  once every two months. Previously, Tali could at least frig herself to completion
  after having serviced Fenton for several hours&hellip;sometimes in the courthouse
  lavatories, she'd sit in a stall, twiddling a pencil down there while remembering
  a particularly vicious whipping.  
 But Fenton had presented Tali with the corset eighteen months ago&hellip;had
  she even had five orgasms? Now and then, he'd take off Tali's corset, strap
  her to the bed, and torture her with a vibrator, getting Tali oh, so hot, but
  never over the edge. Fenton knew all the sensitive areas in the clitoris, and
  Tali got lots of pleasure from these sessions, much frustration, but no relief..
  Tali was supposed to be allowed to masturbate to orgasm while kneeling on the
  jacks she'd played with as a child.. the last time with Fenton's daughter slapping
  a piece of discarded barbed wire on Tali's rear. But when she irritated Fenton,
  he would sometimes add anywhere from three days to two weeks to her sentence,
  and once she'd gone 120 days without a &ldquo;squirtee&rdquo;. Tali also had
  to finish within four minutes, masturbating clumsily with her left hand, or
  back in the belt it was, with no orgasm for another two months.  
Oh, she needed this fucking now. Tali bowed her head and tried to look very
  submissive. She'd known there were risks in asking for the rare privilege of
  making love, but she and Fenton were secretly engaged now, and she just couldn't
  stand it&hellip;she'd fantasized about his mahogany erection entering her,
  Tali screaming, and raking Fenton's back..well, maybe not. She and Fenton had
  been together now twenty-seven months, and she'd fellated him two to five times
  a day for every day they'd been together.  
 She'd sucked off his friends and whatever loser he'd brought home&hellip;she'd
  sucked off his son, his son's friends, and Fenton's lower class trashy bar
  pickups, the women with the teased hair that Tali and her girlfriends had snubbed
  in high school. Once he'd brought in a bowling alley employee, Temple Fry&hellip;Tali
  and her friends had made fun of Temple's slow reading in elementary school,
  and Tempie remembered. Fenton had encouraged Tempie to take out her frustrations
  with a Spencer paddle, and Tempie had taken pity on Tali, let her off after
  four swats, which had been even more humiliating&hellip;ooh.  
. Tali had loved the morning ritual of coming into Fenton's room---he'd taken
  over the master bedroom and Tali's Princess bed when he moved in, and she was
  currently sleeping on the bathroom floor, as she complained about sleeping
  in the guest room once too often.  
 But every morning whether she'd been relegated to the guest room, the attic,
  bathroom, basement, or the horrible garage, Tali would get up at eight a.m.,
  and before leaving for work, she would make Fenton's breakfast&mdash;two three
  minute eggs, bacon cooked just right, or it was thirty with the clothes hanger,
  and lots of coffee. Tali would wake Fenton, spoon feed him breakfast in bed,
  and then give him his morning blowjob, it was a wonderful tender experience
  for them both&hellip;and then one day after they'd been together about two
  weeks, Tali came in and Fenton was in bed with this little tart, it was a cashier
  at the Giant Food that time&mdash;and Fenton insisted that she spoon feed both
  of them, and then suck both of them off&hellip;Tali was straight, as far as
  she knew, and her first experience at cunnilinguis was rather repulsive, and
  she'd shown it, and Fenton had bent her over the bathtub and broken two or
  three willow switches on Tali's butt before ordering her to give the slutty
  clerk a decent carpet- munch.  
So Tali had never been fucked by Fenton&mdash;he'd sodomized her now and
  then, never with his precious dick of course, just a gloved fist or once a
  policeman's nightstick he'd bought at a flea market. But even then he pulled
  that out before Tali could slip her finger to her twat to have an orgasm&hellip;Often
  Fenton would tie Tali down, remove the chastity belt, and run a vibrator in
  her clit, turning it on and off, just before she'd cum&hellip;it was so frustrating.
  Once she'd cum without permission, and he'd whipped her bald clit with a vacuum
  cleaner cord .   
&ldquo;Fenton, please honey&rdquo; Tali was begging now. &ldquo;You are the
  ultimate man for me&hellip;I want no one else, and I just want the satisfaction
  of having you inside me. If you want, I won't orgasm, since my day is fifty-two
  days away anyhow.&rdquo; It was only supposed to be thirty-eight days, but
  Tali had been screwing up. Three days for neglecting to clean Fenton's bathroom,
  late coming home for dinner because of a demanding murder trial, Fenton had
  given Tali a choice of adding one extra day to her orgasm date, or a flogging
  with Fenton Jr's hockey stick. Tali had taken the whipping, which had left
  splinters in her rear cheeks. She would rather nearly any more pu nishment
  than to have her precious orgasm delayed.     
   
Then a few days later, Tali had left some boot polish in Fenton's military
  boots, and the polish had ruined one of his good socks, a present from poor,
  dyslexic Temple Fry, and Fenton had considered this an act of deliberate and
  direct impertinence, and jealousy. &ldquo;I realize I've been too easy on you
  lately&rdquo; Fenton had said to the weeping Tali, and after another session
  with the hockey stick and four hours in the steamer trunk, Fenton had given
  Tali back her two extra days for the tardiness offense, plus another five for
  ruining the socks that were poor Temple's present. &ldquo;The girl makes only
  $6.25 an hour&hellip;you know she got these at Brooks Brothers?&rdquo;  
 Then Fenton had awarded Tali a day for &ldquo;flirting&rdquo; with the guy
  next door (she'd asked the neighbor, an 80 year old curmudgeon, whether garbage
  collection days had changed). Tali had committed this unforgivable offense
  when she was supposed to be ironing Fenton's jeans. She'd gotten another three
  days, which she'd begged down from ten, for trying to hide the chastity corset.
  Whenever there was an extension on the orgasm date Tali would have to go to
  the calendar, tears streaming down her face, and cross out her &ldquo;Squirt&rdquo; day
  and mark in a later one. Fenton felt that Tali was too dependent on her orgasms,
  and should accept the tantric approach. Between Tali's energetic mouth, and
  the mouths and vaginas of Fenton's energetic bimbos, he often got five to eight
  orgasms a day, even at fifty-one, and he assured Tali that cumming was way
  over-rated.  
So would Fenton go for that, Tali holding back her orgasm? Maybe, she thought,
  he'd consider it some new, exquisite torture. But Fenton was shaking his head. &ldquo;No,
  Tali.&rdquo; He said firmly. &ldquo;If we make love&mdash;&ldquo;Tali's heart
  sang &ldquo;&mdash;I will of course permit you to have an orgasm, or even several.
  But you'll have to prove yourself as a good little slave-girl before you get
  that privilege.&rdquo; Tali took Fenton's hand. &ldquo;Master, what can I do
  to prove it? I'll do anything you like!&rdquo; Fenton gazed into Tali's eyes. &ldquo;If
  you can go through a series of tests and lessons, and do well in the areas
  that you've not met expectations as a slave, and there are a few, I'll make
  love to you this time next month.&rdquo;  
Fenton was ambushed with kisses from Tali, and he gently pushed her back. &ldquo;But
  if you don't pass these tests, I will give you twelve strokes with the bull
  whip five hours in the steamer trunk, and an additional nineteen days of chastity
  for each test you fail. The first test will be next week, but until then, I
  want you to prove your devotion to me by sleeping naked in the garage for a
  month, starting tonight. It's a heated garage, so you won't have to complain
  as you would if I put you in the obedience cage in this weather.&rdquo;  
Tali thought miserably of the small wire kennel, meant for a dog the size
  of a collie. The garage floor, cement as it was, would be a palace in comparison.
  Maybe she could use the spare tire for a pillow&hellip;or was there a bag of
  peat moss? Fenton was smiling now. &ldquo;Is this agreed? Let the sex thing
  go, and you can have your comfortable place on the floor near my bed.&rdquo; What
  would the tests be like? Wasn't Tali a good slave already?  
Jesus, she'd been in the scene for seventeen years&mdash;since Walter Johnson
  High's head cheerleader and National Merit Semifinalist first started taking
  her father's car out after everyone was in bed, driving into DC to the Tawse
  Club to be whipped and peed on. Shit, she'd almost missed her own deb ball.
  As it started, Tali was cuffed to a ceiling bolt of her first Master's trailer
  out in Lanham. But she could take it&hellip;and she wanted to. Many times Tali
  had attempted to quit the scene, and then she'd be spoiled and petted by appreciative
  men who took her boating and on field trips to Tiffany's. But the longing always
  remained, because she was a dyed-in the wool hardcore submissive. She could
  take whatever came.  
As if reading Tali's thoughts, Fenton said &ldquo;Are you up for it, Tali?
  Last chance to back out.&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes, Master.&rdquo; Tali whispered.
  Fenton laughed, and pulled Tali by her hair to the floor with his left hand,
  unzipping himself simultaneously with his right. &ldquo;All right, darling. &ldquo; Tali
  opened her mouth for the tip. Fenton took up &ldquo;The Vicar of Wakefield&rdquo; &ldquo;Now,
  Natalia, you finish me off while I read about Reverend Primrose..and then into
  the garage! I think we may take the steamer trunk out there, too&hellip;you
  can be in a cell within a cell, like when I was in the Hole so many years ago.&rdquo;  
   
   
   
Tali was quite nervous, as Fenton the Felon pulled up to the large house
  on the hill. Where was this? Fenton and Tali got out of the car, and went up
  to knock on the door. Jesus, Tali thought, this is a Victorian monster. Much
  bigger than my house. A maid answered the door, and Fenton smiled at her, speaking
  in Spanish. The maid returned the conversation in the same language, and ushered
  them into the living room. Tali looked around. Jesus. African art, antique
  roll-top desk, and Tali recognized the coffee table as being of a kind that
  was hand made for the owner&mdash;somewhere in Bavaria, she thought. Aunt Jane
  has one. There was a Roccoco style carved giltwood mirror on one wall, and
  an original Matisse hung over the Louis XV armoire.  
 A door on the other end of the room opened, and Heather, Fenton's twenty
  year old daughter, came out. &ldquo;Daddy!&rdquo; Heather ran up and gave Fenton
  a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Heather had quite an exotic look&mdash;she had
  the light black skin of her father, and Tali recognized her mother's chin&hellip;Heather
  was Fenton's child with one of his sentencing judges back in 1983. No wonder
  it was so damn hard to get the guy in jail, Tali thought bitterly. Every courtroom
  was a pickup joint for him, it seemed. Heather was pretty, but had a clear
  weight problem, she was at least one hundred sixty pounds, and only five feet
  six inches tall. Heather also had tiny boobs and tried to enhance them with
  rubber bras and tissue paper. She despised Tali, a 5'8&rdquo; blonde, who had
  great T&amp;A and variated between a size four and a size six. Tali knew the
  breast issue was especially grating to Heather, as often during sessions, Heather
  had focused her tortures on Tali's breasts, evilly.  
 &ldquo;Jesus, you need to take better care of yourself, Dad.&rdquo; Heather
  stroked Fenton's Afro. She had not spoken to Tali at all, and Tali didn't expect
  her to. Fenton had initiated Heather on Tali's status soon after he moved into
  Tali's house. At first Heather seemed awed but resentful of the beautiful prosecuting
  attorney that her dad was living with. Still, she treated Tali with deference,
  and Tali tried to be nice, in her way, but did a bit of nagging about Heather's
  sloppiness and overeating. Just to straighten her out. But this ended six weeks
  after they'd met, and Tali still winced at the memory.  
One Sunday afternoon two years ago, Fenton had Tali over his knee, jeans
  and underwear bunched around her ankles. As the large Spencer paddle fell repeatedly
  on Tali's defenseless bare posterior, she was telling Fenton &ldquo;I adore
  you&rdquo; WHACK &ldquo;I w-worship you, Fenton, may I have another?&rdquo; WHACK
  WHACK WHACK. Tali hated the Spencer; it was big and thick, and had ten little
  symmetrically placed holes drilled through the spanking end to eliminate air
  resistance when the paddle swung through the air..WHACK WHACK &ldquo;I, love&mdash;you-Fenton.&rdquo; Tali
  tried to keep the tears back. WHACK. Tali was not being punished, really. Fenton
  was giving her a valuable &ldquo;seminar&rdquo; on how to take pain gracefully.  
There had been a light tap on the library door, and Fenton had paused briefly
  to say, &ldquo;Come in!&rdquo;. Heather had slouched into the library, pulling
  up her Big Girl jeans. Fenton winked at Heather and continued his assault on
  Tali's ravaged bottom. Tali had been horrified at having Fenton's eighteen
  year old daughter witnessing her in this humiliating position. Heather leaned
  against a table and watched Fenton whack Tali several more times, and then
  he stopped, and wiped his brow with a bandanna. &ldquo;Yes. Lambchop. What
  can I do for you,dearest?&rdquo; Fenton loved having his kids spend the weekend,
  especially his little girl, and they were, Tali considered, rather sickening
  in their mutual affection.  
&ldquo;Daddy, I just wanted to let you know that Florence and Kristy and
  I are going dancing tonight, and I might stay over there. We might drive up
  to Frostburg State tomorrow, and you know they offered me some financial aid
  if I go.&rdquo; On what, Tali thought to herself, an overeating scholarship?
  Tali's face was burning with shame and humiliation. Here she was, pants down
  to her ankles, with a bright red wealed bottom, she was being whipped by this
  girl's father like she was a three year old, and Fenton didn't have the decency
  to lock the library door, and give Tali a chance to pull up her pants before
  the little bitch came in! And worse, Heather was treating it like an every
  day occurrence. What an odd childhood she must've had. Tali moaned as Fenton
  abstractedly swung his paddle against her bare cheeks.  
   
 &ldquo;I had some concerns about you going to college, to be put in the
  hands of idiots who are teaching because they can't do real work.&rdquo; &ldquo;Like
  breaking into Ourisman Chevrolet?&rdquo; Heather smirked. Laughing,Fenton whacked
  Tali again, and she began crying quietly. &ldquo;This one is an educated moron
  after all&mdash;and look at her!&rdquo; Fenton kicked out a leg, and Tali had
  fallen on the floor. &ldquo;Get in the corner, now!&rdquo; Tali stood up, and
  tried to pull up her pants before Heather saw her private parts. &ldquo;Did
  I say you could pull up your pants?&rdquo; Fenton smiled. &ldquo;Heather honey,
  Tali's just embarrassed because I made her shave her twatty bald, but you don't
  mind do you? GET IN THE CORNER!&rdquo;  
 Tali had shuffled off to the corner while father and daughter discussed
  the merits of higher education before Heather had left. Tali had gotten into
  a serious argument with Fenton about the propriety of being punished in front
  of his teenage daughter, but to no avail. By the next weekend, Tali was naked
  and gagged in front of Heather and Fenton, Jr., and they were taking turns
  with a whip and a wooden spoon&hellip;Heather never returned to the deference
  she'd shown Tali when they'd first met, even though Tali had given her lots
  of money for school clothes, and some tutoring for her economics classes. No,
  Tali was simply an animal now.  
 Now, Heather gave Tali a sideways glance, her fat face grimacing. &ldquo;I've
  prepared Tweedledum in the can, Daddy, she's kneeling near the toilet.&rdquo; Fenton
  snickered. &ldquo;Yes, and Tweedledee is ready as well.&rdquo; Heather looked
  over at Tali, and reached over, her fat hand crashing across Tali's trembling
  mouth. Heather twisted Tali's right nipple cruelly. &ldquo;Why aren't you undressed,
  you Berkshire hog?&rdquo; At this sally, Fenton winked at Tali, silently agreeing
  that Tali, while a scumbag slave, was not the porcine creature in the room.
  Tali backed off from Heather, and quickly disrobed, while Fenton went into
  what apparently was the bathroom.  
 After Tali put her clothes neatly on the couch, Heather viewed Tali's chastity
  corset contemptuously. Tali shrank back. It was horribly humiliating to wear
  this ugly leather suit that went from her crotch just over her breasts, and
  was so tight that her tits were slightly blue. Heather grabbed Tali by the
  hair and pulled her close,spinning her around. Tali heard the numbers rolling
  on the lock. Suddenly the corset was loosened, and Heather was untying the
  strings. How can Fenton tell his daughter the combination? Tali thought silently.
  And Fenton Jr. knows it, and Don. Am I the only one who doesn't? Heather gave
  Tali's bottom a vicious pinch, and Tali quickly climbed out of the suit, and
  lay it on the couch next to her clothes.  
Tali turned around for Heather's inspection, and was rewarded with another
  slap, this time to her right breast. &ldquo;Look at this! Dad told me you were
  supposed to be shaven, and here there are five or six little hairs!&rdquo; Tali
  stared at the floor. &ldquo;Miss Heather, I just haven't had time to shave.
  I am working 14 hour days, and the corset is locked on me all the time&mdash;&ldquo; Heather
  slapped Tali again. She roughly grabbed Tali by the hair and threw Tali down
  on her back on the Oriental carpet, and then threw herself down on top of Tali.  
Heather pushed Tali into the floor, her pudgy black hands crushing Tali's
  beautiful pink breasts. &ldquo;I knew this was going to happen, so I brought
  some tweezers, you skank!&rdquo; Gritting her teeth, Heather kneeled between
  Tali's legs and reached into her pubic area, waving a tiny pair of silver tweezers.
  Heather began pinching Tali's vagina with her Press-on nails, and then pulling
  the pussy hairs out with the tweezers. Tali gasped. Heather was plucking the
  stray hairs out as viciously as possible, yet Tali felt herself getting wet.
  Heather slapped Tali's inner thigh. &ldquo;Horny pig!&rdquo;  
 &ldquo;   
   
After this agonizing process was over, Heather got up, and made Tali get
  up. &ldquo;Go into the bathroom.&rdquo; Tali walked into a huge bathroom. Fenton
  was holding a leather strap attached to a wood handle, and now and then he
  whacked a nude figure kneeling in front of him. At first Tali was distracted
  by the marvelous bathroom. Oh, if Mother could only see this. It had a large
  Jacuzzi, big sinks, and everything was in black marble. It reminded Tali of
  the bathroom in the Intercontinental Hotel in Japan. Suddenly, Tali became
  very focused on the person kneeling in the middle of the floor. She was an
  attractive brunette in her late fifties, her body was in fair shape, and Tali
  could see everything, for the brunette was naked and her hands were cuffed
  behind her. Her pussy was bald like Tali's, and Tali could see a few welts
  on her back and bottom. d Fenton was standing over her&hellip;but Tali couldn't
  take her eyes off this woman, who she easily recognized as Senator Linda Smythe.  
   
   
Linda knelt carefully, her hands behind her back, and listened to Fenton
  explain the situation to his little slave girlfriend: &ldquo;Yes, here she
  is, Senator Smythe, but she's not here for legislative purposes, dear Tali&hellip;Your
  first test is to learn to be a receptacle for my wastes, and we're going to
  start with pee-pee..&rdquo; Linda saw the girl blanch. Poor kid. Fenton had
  explained about the tests to Linda the day before at Caf&eacute; Milano. &ldquo;I
  am going to try to make her as skilled a slave girl as you've become over the
  last thirty-five years&rdquo; he'd said over lunch at Morton's. Fenton's fat,
  spoiled daughter took Tali by the hair and forced her to her knees, cuffing
  her hands behind her back. &ldquo;Note, Tali&hellip;Linda's hands aren't cuffed
  at all. She's holding them together, and will keep them together throughout
  the session. She's much more accomplished than you, dear.&rdquo;  
Fenton thrashed Linda's ass five or six times with the strap, Linda kneeling
  stiffly, and making no sound. Angry welts arose on the frigid alabaster skin,
  but the Senator just knelt quietly, taking it all. Then Fenton picked what
  appeared to be a two foot stick  
made of cocabola wood. On one end was a handle very similar to a police night
  stick, but on the other was a grotesquely wide penis head. Fenton tapped Linda's
  shoulder, and Senator Smythe looked up, and opened her mouth to take in the
  polished wooden cock head. &ldquo;Now watch, Tali&hellip;can you take it like
  this? Maryland's junior Senator makes Linda Lovelace seem like a PTA mom. Linda
  has a B.A. in social work, a M.A. in public policy, a J.D. in law, and a Ph.D
  in Deep Throat&rdquo;  
Fenton began gradually pushing the night stick/dildo in and out of Linda's
  carefully painted lips, at first gently, and then faster and faster til it
  seemed as if Fenton was trying to kill a roach hiddin in a drain. But the Senator
  just knelt there, not even relaxing her legs. There was a slight gagging noise
  eminating from Linda's throat, but Linda swallowed the stick wholly, pushing
  her mouth around it, as if she were giving a blow job to the Jolly Green Giant.
  Linda trembled a bit, but Tali was amazed at how erectly the elegant sixty
  year old held herself, and not once did her right hand let go of her left wrist
  behind her back. But it seemed as if Fenton was pushing a little too harshly,
  and at one point the Senator's head began to bobble.  
&ldquo;Fenton, stop..you're going to kill her!&rdquo; shouted Tali, but he
  seemed deaf. So intensely did Fenton pump the stick down the Senator's throat,
  that even Heather motioned him to stop, and Fenton shook his head. Finally
  Fenton the Felon stopped the poking, pulling the night stick out of the Senator's
  mouth. Tali wondered if she would ever be able to take such oral torture. She
  hoped it wouldn't be one of the tests. Still, Tali envied the Senator her poise
  under such strenuous circumstances. Fenton held the stick just above the Senator's
  mouth, and Linda licked the green phlegm off the tip of the business end, before
  dropping her eyes to the floor once again. &ldquo;Tell my lovely daughter,
  and the naked little scum-bucket cringing over there how much you enjoyed this,
  Linda.&rdquo;  
Linda turned to the two women and said with a somewhat mangled voice &ldquo;Master
  Fenton is only fulfilling dreams I've had for myself. I actually had the stick
  made&hellip;it's taught me true submission.&rdquo; Fenton nodded. &ldquo;You've
  trained a lot with it, dear.&rdquo; Fenton pointed to the ground, and Linda
  leaned over slowly, without separating her wrists, and pushed her face into
  a bath rug.  
Fenton tapped the night stick on Linda's ass, and Linda finally separated
  her wrists, using her manicured fingers to spread her full cheeks apart. Fenton
  grinned. &ldquo;This next exercise has been performed by us a number of times..but
  this time Linda is doing it without her K-Y jelly&hellip;let's see how she
  does.&rdquo; Tali was amazed at what a smooth rear end the legislator had,
  there was no celluilite in what was obvious middle age. After Linda spread
  her cheeks so that her anus was quite visible, Fenton pushed the wooden cock
  deep into the Senator's rectum, deeper and deeper.  
 Tali and Heather watched Linda's face. This was the first time without grease,
  and Linda's face, pushed into the bath rug looked terribly strained. Fenton
  pushed harder, and it seemed that the Senator had let go of her buttocks for
  a moment, the pain was too much. Fenton reached behind him and grabbed the
  leather strap by its wooden handle and let it fly on Linda's right cheek WHACK
  WHACK WHACK &ldquo;Stop cinching your bottom, dirtbag! Use your fingers to
  pull the cheeks apart!&rdquo; Linda's hands weakly tried to climb up to her
  bottom and then dropped to the floor, and Linda began to sob.  
 The strap rose and fell again, alternating on Linda's left and right cheeks
  WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK. The reddish welts turned purple, and there was
  some bleeding on the Senator's thigh. Linda was crying harder now. &ldquo;Well?&rdquo; Fenton
  demanded.&rdquo;You begged me to let you try it without grease&hellip;if I
  get any more of this impertinence and blubbering, I am going to add forty days
  of abstinence to the seventeen you already have&hellip;show the girls your
  little clitty ring.&rdquo; Linda rose onto her haunches, turned around and
  spread her legs so Heather and Tali could see her completely bald vagina. Pierced
  within the lips was a small gold ring with a lock on it. &ldquo;I can't be
  getting over to the Dirksen building to unlock Linda all the time, so she gets
  a ring instead of a corset. Lucky bitch, Tali thought. &ldquo;Now&hellip;&rdquo; Linda
  immediately dropped her head to the rug and spread her cheeks widely, and Fenton
  jammed the stick in and out before pulling the stick out. Tali looked away,
  revolted, and then tried to gaze again. The night stick was covered with blood
  and fecal matter. Fenton waved it in front of Linda's mouth, and she quietly
  cleaned the stick with her tongue before Fenton replaced the stick on the commode. &ldquo;There
  there&hellip;&rdquo; Fenton smiled at the weeping Senator.  
&ldquo;Now then&rdquo; Fenton said briskly. &ldquo;It's time for Waste Ingestion
  Training.&rdquo; Tali thought Maryland's top legislator had certainly had enough
  waste ingestion from the gunk on the nightstick, but apparently Linda was ready
  again, as she gave Fenton a quick, adoring glance, before the strap crashed
  across her shoulder and the elegant eyes viewed the floor once again. &ldquo;Now
  I want you to watch how calmly Linda takes in urine, and in what quantities.
  She does it in a ladylike manner, Tali, unlike yourself&hellip;when I've tried
  to train you for liquid bodily waste ingestion, you've gagged, spat most of
  the urine out, and I've had to give you not a few whippings. &ldquo;I've tried
  everything.&rdquo; Fenton said to Linda and Heather. &ldquo;I tried having
  Tali get used to the urine taste by holding some in her mouth for a few minutes,
  by bathing in it, I've dipped my penis in it, and had her suck it off..but
  she can't take having her mouth peed in.&rdquo; Fenton sighed heavily. &ldquo;Training
  is so difficult&rdquo; As Tali's stomach turned, she tried to appreciate how
  hard Fenton worked with her.     
   
.   &ldquo;Linda here, was born to be a receptacle.&rdquo; Fenton
  said proudly. &ldquo; She can take quite a bit down her throat.&rdquo; Linda
  saw the girl staring at her in horror and contempt. Oh, don't you look down
  on me, Linda thought. If Fenton's got his spell on you, you'll be drinking
  gallons&hellip;before it's over. Linda thought of the first time she'd met
  Fenton Weir, when he was not quite fifteen years old.  
&ldquo;This one is a tricky little bastard, Linda&hellip;I didn't think much
  of a &lsquo;counseling' service here at the Village, we've never needed one
  before, but God forbid that I get in the way of his Great Society.&rdquo; Commander
  Swift allowed himself a small smile. Linda had such an awe of Pete Swift&mdash;he
  was Director of Boy's Village, Cheltenham, Maryland's youth correctional institute,
  and an ex Naval aviator. &ldquo;The last time we paroled him, it was because
  he'd won a scholarship to Groton&mdash;his ticket out of the foster care system&mdash;four
  months later, he bounces back here, he called the classics chairman a troglodyte
  or something, and stole the Headmaster's Dodge, and the Head's daughter just
  gave birth to a kinda gray-lookin kid in a Boston home for unwed mothers&hellip;Fenton's
  back, and immediately five of our trucks are gone&hellip;you got to get it
  out of him, I can't submit a fiscal budget til the trucks come back. I want
  my trucks!&rdquo; Commander Swift had swiftly become a tantrum-ing three year
  old. Linda, an effective social worker, was astonished that Commander Swift
  couldn't sweat Fenton out, but then she met Fenton.  
Now, Fenton reached into a bag on the bathroom sink and took out a couple
  of mouse traps. Carefully, he opened one, and slipped a combination lock through
  the metal trap part, and then snapped it on Linda's right nipple, and followed
  suit with a trap-lock on her left. The Senator had a quick intake of breath.
  Not only were mousetraps prohibitively pinching to the nipples, but the additional
  weight of the combination locks severely added to the pain. Linda sucked in
  her breath further,and then let it out through her nose. Linda was sixty-one,
  though she looked a great deal younger, thanks to face lifts, exercise and
  artful makeup. She kept her hair colored in the deep auburn of her youth, and
  her lips and nails always painted cherry red. Both her husbands had been younger
  than the Senator; as well as many of her young Masters.  
 Oh&hellip;Linda's nipples felt like they were being bitten by lock jawed
  Dobermans. Still, she kept her erect posture, kneeling upright so her buttocks
  didn't touch the back of her legs at all. Fenton carelessly kicked one of Linda's
  breasts, so the nipple-trap-lock swung painfully, but Linda did not make a
  sound, or flinch at all. Her knees felt terrible on the hard bathroom floor,
  but this wasn't a picnic she was attending.  
. &ldquo;All right, Heather, where are our young men?&rdquo; Fenton looked
  at his daughter, who left the bathroom. &ldquo;Tali, you always bitch and moan
  because I drop a few squirts of pee into your mouth&hellip;but Linda will amaze
  you.&rdquo; Fenton unzipped his pants, pulling out his cock, and waving it. &ldquo;Come
  on, girl.&rdquo; He snapped his fingers at Linda, the junior Senator from Maryland,
  and she shuffled to his crotch on her knees. Opening her mouth, Linda relaxed
  her jaw, and let Fenton put his entire penis in, as if he was about to get
  a deep-throat blowjob.. Fenton gave one of his laughs, and began to pee, and
  Linda took down the foul, stinging liquid. &ldquo;Great, eh?&rdquo; Linda heard
  Fenton say, as she kept drinking down his urine. &ldquo;I should've done this
  to you in the interrogation room at Boys Village.&rdquo;  
The interrogation room. Linda had sat waiting for Fenton Weil, prisoner #839403
  to arrive, and unwillingly took a paperback out of her purse and started reading.
  Linda shouldn't have brought a book towork, but it was so compelling. When
  Fenton the Youth Offender walked in, Linda looked up, forgetting to put the
  book back in her bag. Linda was completely unprepared for what Fenton was like&mdash;She'd
  expected a hulking, six foot muscle head&hellip;According to Commander Swift,
  this kid was a gang leader, had assaulted not a few &ldquo;counselors&rdquo; as
  the Boys Village guards were known, and that he'd undergone several hours of
  being kicked and punched by a number of staff members in an effort to &ldquo;sweat&rdquo; the
  whereabouts of the missing trucks. Fenton had given one guard a concussion
  with his chair, knocked another's teeth out, and still kept his counsel on
  the truck situation.. So Linda expected a Hell's Angel's sort, but was confronted
  by a barely five foot, painfully skinny mulatto child, with granny glasses
  that had the bridge taped. Fenton looked like he was going to be swallowed
  up in the oversize jailhouse coverall he was wearing. Linda was disbelieving.
  This little geek was the mastermind thug of Boy's Village?  
The Senator was interrupted from her reverie by feeling Fenton pulling his
  dick out of her mouth. The urine was settling in Linda's stomach now. From
  cruel experience, Linda had known better than to eat at all for ten hours before
  the session..there was nothing that angered Fenton and his daughter more than
  a slave vomiting their precious golden nectar.  
Fenton zipped up, and the bathroom door opened. When Linda had designed her
  house with the ex-Mr. Smythe he'd wanted a big bathroom, and she was glad now
  for the room. Fenton had put her through countless sessions in there&mdash;enemas,
  being made to sit in an icy bath, just being thrown over the side of the tub
  for a good strapping. Linda looked up as the door opened.Five young men followed
  Heather in, and all were obviously very drunk. But of course. Heather had filled
  them all up with beer for the demonstration. Linda looked at Tali with loathing.
  Why the hell couldn't she just be happy licking Fenton out and masturbating
  at the end of the session? Linda watched Fenton greet his son and their friends,
  and it was amazing how little Fenton had changed. &ldquo;Dirty Don&rdquo; Fenton's
  reform school pal, and an occasional Master of Linda's, had once been handsome
  and muscular with wild blond hair&mdash;she remembered this from seeing him
  at Boy's Village. Now Don was fat and balding, but with one of those gross
  ponytails. Fenton looked almost identical to the kid he'd been then, except
  of course now he was at the awesome size of five five.  
&ldquo;Hi Fenton. I'm Miss DiGregorio, how's it going?&rdquo; Linda had been
  gentle&hellip;Commander Swift was bad cop. Fenton the Youth Offender had cocked
  his head. &ldquo;I don't know, I guess I'm all right. You're the first person
  I've talked to except for the turnkey in the last eight days.&rdquo; &ldquo;You're
  in solitary, then?&rdquo; Linda asked. &ldquo;Like Papillon, yes. Thankfully,
  I have Oswald Spengler to keep me company.&rdquo; Linda looked closely at the
  book, which turned out to entitled, &ldquo;Decline of the West&rdquo; &ldquo; &ldquo;Do
  you read a great deal?&rdquo; Linda asked. Surely this child can't be spiriting
  cars out of the Boys Village reform school. &ldquo;Well, a bit&hellip;I was
  dissecting a rabbit in my room, but I couldn't bring it to the Hole&hellip;what
  are you reading?&rdquo; Linda showed him the French novel. It was, after all
  in French, so she would be spared embarrassment if he asked to open it. Fenton
  had taken a look at the title page of &ldquo;The Story of O&rdquo; and then
  asked Linda in French whether she liked Pauline Reage's work, and had she read &ldquo;Justine&rdquo;?  
Thinking of it now, kneeling on the hard bathroom floor, Linda didn't blame
  herself for having been so stunned, but Fenton was unusual. She repressed a
  smile, watching him strut about. &ldquo;As you know, Tali, this is my son,
  Fenton Junior, or F.J., freshly paroled from the Poplar Hill Pre-release Center
  in Westover, and his friends, Max, Chubby, Oliver, Mike, and what's your name,
  son?&rdquo; A pallid youth replied &ldquo;Roger..&rdquo; and then vomited in
  the sink. &ldquo;Roger the Ralpher&rdquo; smirked F.J., laughing.  
 F.J. had followed a similar academically brilliant but suicidal plan as
  his father, skipping second and fifth grades, then dropping out of sophomore
  year at Amherst to do all day research for an online soap opera journal, the
  project seed money having been risen from the tills of gas stations and liquor
  stores. Since his reform, F.J. was supported by a retired cardiologist who
  he kept in a pillory in the basement of the doctor's house in Georgetown. F.J.
  would come home after a day of playing chess in Dupont Circle, to put binder
  clips on the surgeon's ass, and re-adjusting his cock cage. Now and again he
  came to Linda's to give her a few licks. &ldquo;Dad, should I start now?&rdquo; F.J.
  asked. &ldquo;Go to it, son&hellip;watch carefully, Tali&rdquo; Fenton remonstrated,
  as his son stuck his dick in the senator's mouth. &ldquo;Linda's appetite for
  bodily wastes is phenomenal. Linda, I am going to give you the cat later on
  for rolling your eyes like that.  
Fenton Junior was a tall, good looking kid, unlike his fat sister, and his
  short, homely father. Why had such a nerdy Negro boy possessed Linda DeGregorio,
  M.S.W. so completely? After she realized that Fenton had read &ldquo;The Story
  of O&rdquo; (in third grade, no less), and discovered that this juvenile delinquent
  had gleaned Linda's own preferences, she anxiously wondered if he would spread
  a story&mdash;Fenton &ldquo;Hot&rdquo; Weir certainly needed a story to get
  out of the Hole. But in ensuing sessions they'd discussed the merits of a variety
  of literature, classical music, and eventually Linda's frustrations with her
  job. At one session she'd actually cried on the adolescent's shoulder, a serious
  no-no in criminal justice therapy business.  
   
When she'd gotten home that night, Linda had found five prison trucks piling
  up on her parent's driveway, with a note on the door. &ldquo;I thought you'd
  need these more than I do. Signed, Sir Stephen&rdquo; Elated, Linda had wangled
  passes to take Fenton to operas and plays at the Kennedy Center, which was
  a thrill for Fenton, who had been living in an intellectual desert. But one
  night, on their way to a community theater show in Olney, Linda had mentioned
  something about &ldquo;helping you to prepare for a profession, Fenton.&rdquo; During
  the intermission, Fenton had disappeared from his seat between Linda and the
  Boys Village turnkey who always accompanied them, and after the play, Fenton&mdash;and
  Linda's Rambler&mdash;were gone.  
Linda watched Fenton out of the corner of her eye, while young man after
  man took turns urinating in her mouth. &ldquo;You see, Tali?&rdquo;Fenton was
  saying to the weeping girl, &ldquo;Linda still has the bearing, the dignity
  naked on a floor slurping piss, and not spilling a drop, mind you, that she
  has presenting shelterbelt bills on C-Span. It's true, Linda thought. Always
  be a lady. She'd had that bearing in her runs from School Board to Congress,
  and had only lost it when she'd stepped out of her driveway one night, to see
  her BMW being spirited away&hellip;but then the driver jumped out. &ldquo;Fenton?&rdquo; Jesus,
  after twenty years. The car door slammed, and a dark figure had ascended the
  steps. &ldquo;In the house, Representative Smythe, and on your knees!&rdquo;  
Tali couldn't take her eyes off Senator Linda Smythe&mdash;she must be sixty,
  or getting up there, but her pale white body was in great shape, she had shoulder
  length auburn hair, colored, but not too obviously-the Senator's tits didn't
  sag much&mdash;and Tali could tell how much Heather liked that, as she'd already
  knocked one of the mousetraps off the Senator's nipple..and the Senator had
  kept drinking Max's pee as if nothing had happened. Finally the last of the
  first four boys had finished, and only Chubby, a grossly overweight goateed
  type, leaned on the sink, staring at Tali, playing pocket-pool as he did.  
Senator Smythe, once finished with Max's dick had lowered her eyes, like
  the perfect submissive she was. Tali didn't have this regal bearing in her
  powersuit at the courthouse, much less kneeling naked on a urine stained floor,
  after sucking off ex-cons and dropouts. At some point, the Senator reached
  over into a small purse by the commode, and refreshed her fire-engine lipstick.
  Then Linda returned to her erect posture. She sat calmly as if she was about
  to hear a report from the Ethics Committee.  
. It was astounding how the senator maintained her elegance after having
  drank the urine of four drunken, smelly post-adolescents. Tali could tell that
  Senator Smythe's behavior&mdash;maintaining dignity, taking pain and excessive
  humiliation without a peep&mdash;was Fentons' goal for herself.  
Heather came up to Tali and slapped her, and reached down, squeezing one
  of Talis' breasts &lsquo;til she shrieked. &ldquo;All right, scumbag, it's
  your turn to take the urine of someone very special to me. Leo is my boyfriend.
  I want you to suck this down as if it were strawberry soda.&rdquo; Tali looked
  up at the leering, obese fellow the others called Chubby. Chubby was undoing
  his pants and they fell to his ankles and Heather dragged Tali over by her
  hair. Staring at Chubby's pubic area, which had a stench a mile wide, Tali
  backed off involuntarily, and Heather, taking a razor strop from Fenton, gave
  the Assistant D.A. five vicious slashes. Tali bit her tongue to keep from screaming,
  and shuffled back in front of Chubby, trying not to gag. &ldquo;Hey Heather,
  after I piss in &lsquo;er mouth kin I let her blow me? Goddamn, what a set
  o' tits.&rdquo; Heather smiled and touched Chubby's arm. &ldquo;Leo, I'll satisfy
  you later, honey, just empty your bladder into the bitch, all right?&rdquo;  
Seeing the look of disappointment on Chubby's face, Heather became furious.
  But she couldn't vent at Leo/Chubby, because he apparently was the best she
  could get. Heather gritted her teeth &ldquo;You little scumbag! You think you're
  good enough to suck my boyfriend's dick?&rdquo; There were few activities Tali
  would have liked less, maybe swimming in nuclear waste? But she knew that anything
  she said would, like on the Miranda card, would be held against her. Heather
  turned to Fenton. &ldquo;Daddy, we have to interrupt Tali's training, I think
  she has designs on Leo.&rdquo; Chubby, who was staring at Tali's tits, began
  absentmindedly stroking himself, and Heather dragged Tali out of the bathroom
  and down the stairs to the basement of Senator Smythe's house.  
 Tali was terrified, but determined to keep her own counsel. Although Tali
  was a brown belt in tae kwon do, and had been doing karate, judo and other
  martial arts as a child..and hell, could've knocked Heather over with one backhand,
  she knew this would displease Fenton, and keep Fenton's dick out of her vagina,
  perhaps forever. So she let Heather drag her down the stairs. In the immediate
  basement there was a rec room set up with television, stereo and the like,
  but then Heather took Tali over to a bookcase, and, grabbing the entire case,
  pulled it aside, Tali noticing to her astonishment that the book case was on
  little wheels and the books in the case seemed to be glued together, and thus
  not falling out. Behind the book case was a small vaulted door, and Heather  
 Tali looked around her dizzily. Senator Smythe certainly had prepared her
  dungeon well. In one corner was a pillory, and nearby there were racks of all
  sorts. A Saint Andrew's cross faced them as they walked in, and leather swings.
  There was a leather spanking bench that looked very much like one Tali had
  owned at one time, with leather arm and leg supports with binding straps. On
  one wall was a huge wooden wheel with four leather straps that Tali assumed
  were used to strap the Senator on and twirl her around a bit. Next to the wheel
  was a large metal cage. &ldquo;Like that?&rdquo; Heather asked Tali. &ldquo;I
  keep Linda in there for hours at a time&hellip;what fun!&rdquo; &ldquo;Miss
  Heather, you, you live here?&rdquo; Tali was astonished. &ldquo;Oh, yeah, I'm
  living here while I finish college, and I am working in her home office as
  a legislative correspondent, but mostly I beat her ass in the store room.&rdquo;  
Heather dragged Tali to a ceiling eye hook, and found handcuffs on a table
  nearby. She ordered Tali to climb on a stool and hold her hands over her head,
  just under the eyehook. Heather got up on a stepladder, putting the chain of
  the handcuffs over the eye hook.  
When Heather was convinced that Tali was secured, she suddenly snatched the
  stool away, and Maryland's prosecuting attorney was left hanging in mid air.
  Heather went behind Tali, and then came back carrying what looked to be a foot
  long wooden pole, covered in leather, and with nine long leather strips coming
  out of one side. &ldquo;Do you know what this is?&rdquo; Heather asked, staring
  up into Tali's eyes. &ldquo;A-a cat o' nine tails?&rdquo; Tali asked sheepishly.
  She and Fenton generally played with switches,belts and canes&hellip;it was
  growing a bit medeval down here. Heather laughed. &ldquo;No, you ignoramus,
  it's a scourge&hellip;Now then, Miss Prosecutor Scumbag, we are going to deal
  with your arrogance.&rdquo; Tali was meditating on how less articulate Heather
  was with insults and epithets than her father when Heather's scourge came harshly
  down on Tali's soft stomach. Tali gasped, and her belly stung. Looking at Heather,
  she could tell how her curvy, soft white body enraged the fat girl. The scourge
  landed again.  
&ldquo;Who the fuck are YOU to be making eyes at Leo?&rdquo; Heather was
  screaming. Again the lashes of the scourge hit Tali's midsection. This was
  too much; Tali was used to her bottom being savaged by straps and canes, certainly
  the backs of her legs had gotten vicious swats, and now and then her unfortunate
  breasts, but no Master or Mistress had ever, in the seventeen years of Tali's
  submission, gone for the stomach. Heather paused, and put a pair of clamps,
  connected by a chain onto Tali's nipples. &ldquo;These are Japanese clover
  clamps.&rdquo; Heather said softly, as she adjusted the second clamp. &ldquo;They
  put pressure on the nipples by the tension that's put on the chain.&rdquo; Tali
  noticed to her extreme discomfort that the Japanese Clover Clamps were of the
  sort that screwed into the nipples, and then Heather demonstrated the chain-tension
  theory by pulling the chain two or three times. Tears streamed out of Tali's
  eyes. &ldquo;Now back to the fun.&rdquo;  
 Heather reached up and her scourge landed on Tali's right breast one, two,
  three times. The lash pulled the chain between the Japanese Clover Clamps,
  and both nipples were tugged harshly. Tali screamed and shook. &ldquo;It's
  all right, Tali&rdquo; Heather said comfortingly. &ldquo;I'm not like Daddy.
  There's no demands of a silent slave from me. You can scream and holler all
  you like down here-WHACK!-the dungeon is soundproofed-WHACK WHACK WHACK-and
  no one will hear you-myyou're your tits are getting blue-ish&hellip;however
  WHACK WHACK, I wouldn't WHACK jump around too much; if the chain connecting
  the cuffs jumps off the hook, you'll be down on your pretty little ass, and
  this is WHACK WHACK concrete baby&hellip;WHACK now why do you want Leo WHACK
  WHACK aren't you happy with my dad and half the lawyers in Chevy Chase kissing
  your ass?&rdquo;  
After scourging Tali for about ten minutes, Heather tried to hit her nipples
  with a short rawhide Spanish quirt, and successfully knocked the Japanese Clover
  Clamps off. Then Heather went behind Tali again, coming back this time with
  a three foot brown braided whip with a double tail at the end. &ldquo;This
  is an English dog whip, scumbag&rdquo; Heather said, looking at the whip fondly. &ldquo;There's
  a little blood on the end, the Senator screwed up my back massage last night.
  It's hand made with twelve plaits, and this stinging double dealie at the end&mdash;&ldquo;Heather
  shook the tails enthusiastically &ldquo;&mdash;amuses the hell out of me!&rdquo; It's
  not as long as the scourge, but quite heavy, don't you think?&rdquo; With that,
  Heather ripped the dog whip into Tali's bare ass, and indeed it was quite heavy,
  and Tali began squirming and moving her legs in a running motion.  
 &ldquo;That's right&rdquo; Heather said, giggling, &ldquo;Jog. It's good
  for you.&rdquo; Heather struck Tali's butt and back legs again and again, being
  careful not to cause welts low enough to be seen past skirt level.&rdquo;My
  mom (pant) is down on me WHACK WHACK WHACK because I can't lose weight WHACK
  WHACK and I failed out of Wake Forest, and now I'm screwing up community college.&rdquo; Heather
  panted and wheezed as she struck Tali's back and round, perfect buttocks with
  the dog whip. &ldquo;My mom's (pant) WHACK WHACK an arrogant white bitch like
  yourself WHACK WHACK&mdash;she was Daddy's slave, but I can't hit her WHACK
  WHACK. So I'll take it out on your perfect little body. Leo says I have a flat
  ass? WHACK WHACK WHACK So will yours be when I'm finished&hellip;then he'll
  probably stay away from you&hellip;let me whip your butt and your boobs off&hellip;or
  can you stay away from my boyfriend?&rdquo;  
 Tears streamed down Tali's face as the slashes from the whip hit her butt
  and thighs, and she ran faster, with Heather swiping away with the dog whip
  and chanting &ldquo;Go girl go&hellip;stay away from my boyfriend!&rdquo; Tali
  was in agony. &ldquo;Miss Heather-ow-I have no interest in Leo, I ow, can't
  help it if he's attracted to me, but he's gross&hellip;&rdquo; This was a mistake,
  Tali realized as soon as she opened her mouth. &ldquo;So you think my boyfriend
  doesn't match up to all those pictures of guys you went out with&hellip;I've
  seen your college yearbook!&rdquo; Heather screamed, swinging the tawse. &ldquo;I
  saw all those sickening poems and autographs in that yearbook! You think you're
  cuter and better than me? You think Leo's not as good as a bunch of Yale creeps?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;You are a WHACK WHACK stuck up cow WHACK WHACK WHACK and I'm going
  to break you&hellip;WHACK! &hellip;if it takes all night.&rdquo; Heather panted,
  and tried swinging again, but it seemed like there had been too many doughnuts
  at lunch. Though the scourge had had thin streaks of almost unendurable fire,
  the dog whip was much duller a pain, and still much more powerful. Tali could
  feel her bones nearly cracking with the effort, and fortunately Heather became
  exhausted moving her bulk around when she swung the dog whip.  
After this, Heather took Tali through the single tail whips, floggers,a Barber's
  Razor Strop, and something awful called the &ldquo;Devil's Tail Tawse&rdquo;&hellip;and
  finally she went into the back and came out with a twelve foot long thing. &ldquo;Is-is
  that a bullwhip, Miss Heather?&rdquo; Tali felt like she was half dead at this
  point. &ldquo;No, honey. Bullwhips are only six feet long.&rdquo; Heather said,
  smiling. She rubbed the end of the whip against her chin. &ldquo;This is a
  blacksnake whip. Note the last four feet have these little sharp things?&rdquo; Heather
  ran her fingers over little sticky things coming out of the blacksnake whip. &ldquo;Those
  are little pieces of glass that were woven into the end.&rdquo; Tali began
  shaking. &ldquo;Just a moment, though.&rdquo; Heather said sweetly. &ldquo;I
  feel like you get so stressed out watching the damn things hit you, so I'm
  going to blindfold you, this time, Ms. Prosecutor.&rdquo; Tali was adamant &ldquo;No,
  Heather. I told Fenton how much being blindfolded terrifies me&hellip;he promised
  never to do it. Never.&rdquo;  
Heather came closer, with a black bandanna in one hand, dragging the blacksnake
  with the other. &ldquo;Honey, I'm not Fenton, am I? So I think you'd better
  grin and bear it&hellip;unless you want to use your safeword&hellip;I'll just
  take you right back upstairs, and we'll drive you home.&rdquo; Tali looked
  at Heather scornfully, though the safeword was on her tongue. She wouldn't
  give the fat little tub the satisfaction. &ldquo;Bring it on, Heather. The
  safeword remains within me.&rdquo; Tali got some satisfaction with the look
  of disappointment on Heather's face. Really, I can't imagine her even taking
  a spanking with a child's hairbrush, Tali thought with amusement. But, as Heather
  got up on the stool and put the bandanna over Tali's eyes, she wondered whether
  pride truly, goeth before a fall.  
Fenton, upstairs was giving the boys more beer in the living room. Linda
  was still in the bathroom, kneeling quietly. In the middle of a dirty joke
  Max paused. &ldquo;Is that screaming? Jesus, can you beat that?&rdquo; The
  noise was faint, but there were definitely blood curdling screams going on
  from below. Fenton called into the bathroom. &ldquo;Linda, get your sorry ass
  in the kitchen and bring more beer.&rdquo; Linda arose, left the bathroom,
  and as she passed across the living room floor the screams grew louder. &ldquo;Linda,
  I thought that room was soundproof.&rdquo; Linda sighed as she entered the
  kitchen. Heather must have found the blacksnake whip.  
Tali, covered with long, searing whip marks, weals and scabs, was kneeling
  once more on the bathroom floor. Chubby stuck his dick in her mouth, and let
  loose his stream of urine. Tali coughed, and choked and let Chubby's dick fall
  out of her mouth, and the hot urine squirted on her shoulders and all over
  her breasts. &ldquo;My-my pants is wet now.&rdquo; Chubby whined. &ldquo;Ever-body
  else, she peed inna mouth.&rdquo; Chubby forgot, apparently, that Senator Linda
  Smythe had taken the other fellow's urine. Linda was a much more experienced
  and accomplished slave than poor Tali. Heather gave Chubby a hug, carefully
  arching her crotch away from his soaked trousers. &ldquo;Sweetheart, you see,
  Scumbag over there isn't very nice to you&hellip;like Momma is&rdquo; Chubby
  nodded over Heather's shoulder, but his eyes never left Tali's breasts  
 &ldquo;I'm sorry, Fenton.&rdquo; Tali looked up at her master with streaming
  eyes. &ldquo;I think it was the blacksnake whip that got me rattled.&rdquo; Tali
  rubbed a forefinger on a particularly evil welt on her shoulder. &ldquo;Oh,
  bullshit&rdquo; Heather responded. I only hit her with that thing four, or
  maybe six times&hellip;Jesus.&rdquo; Seven, Tali thought. Seven searing, mind
  bendingly painful blows, that had ripped her skin to ribbons. &ldquo;Well honey,
  we'll just have to try again.&rdquo; Fenton whistled through his fingers and
  Max and Oliver and Roger wandered back in, followed by F.J., who was shaking
  a little screen out of his bong. &ldquo;Max,&rdquo; Fenton began, &ldquo;Are
  you ready to pee again?&rdquo; Max nodded and Tali wearily took Max's penis
  in her mouth. This time she got about half of the stuff down before getting
  quite sick&hellip;and it continued. By the end of the evening, Tali was able
  to take down an entire load of urine, but had earned about twenty or thirty
  corrective smacks from Fenton and Heather. She showered and dressed and she
  and Fenton got in the car. Tali was triumphant. Although it had taken a bit
  of a while, she had passed the first test and had not earned 19 more days of
  chastity time.  
Continued in Part Two  
Tali Topless-Part Two  
Don came by one afternoon and saw Tali sitting on the couch in a very snug
  dark blue turtleneck. After Don had hit the skids, Fenton had invited his old
  friend to stay with him and Tali for a while, and had taught Don the ins and
  outs of being a Master, and Tali had patiently been the guinea pig for about
  nine months. Canings, whippings, spankings, floggings, electric play, it had
  all been tried on her, and Don had also had the pleasure of getting a series
  of wonderful blowjobs from the kind of woman guys like him never even dreamed
  of&hellip;  
 At a Tawse Society mixer, Fenton had introduced Don to Skip, a youthful
  preppie with his own brokerage firm. For Skip, it was love at first sight,
  and he invited Don to become his full time Master&hellip;basically $600 a week
  to live in and look after the place, which essentially meant sleeping or playing
  poker all day until Skip got home from work. Then Skip would strip off his
  Armani suit and silk boxer shorts, don a tutu and do all the housework, while
  Don supervised, carrying a Barber's razor strop.  
If Don found even a mark while looking under the toilet with a mirror, he
  would pull down Skip's tutu and give him between twenty-five and one hundred
  strokes. When the housework was done, Don would cuff Skip's hand behind his
  back and have him kneel in front of Don while Don unlocked the cock cage. Don
  would then stomp and kick Skip's genitals for a half hour or so before re-locking
  the cage without Skip cumming. Then Don would start pulling Skip's head onto
  Don's dick.  
 Though Don was a heterosexual, and Skip had given Don a platinum card so
  he could get all the female whores he wanted, Don discovered that Skip had
  a mouth like velvet and was an even more efficient cocksucker than Tali was.
  Four or five blowjobs a day, the Swarthmore-educated 27 year old Skip would
  give Don, who was a fifty year old ex-convict biker on methadone, and Don never
  had to reciprocate&hellip;Now and then, Don would wake up late, and discover
  Skip had botched one of his morning chores. Don would then drop by Skip's firm,
  and listen to him berate his staffers for various incompetencies.  
Skip could hand it out, and he often could reduce a secretary to tears with
  one scathing glance. After a bit, Skip would notice Don, lolling in the doorway
  to Skip's office, and his face would perspire, as he knew there were rarely
  friendly visits. Don would go into the office, and Skip would follow anxiously,
  muttering excuses, but to no avail. Down would come the pants and heart print
  panties Don made Skip wear, and there would be one hundred strokes every time&mdash;fifty
  for the error, and another fifty for making Don come over to the office.  
Don would usually variate between a steel paddle, and a viper quirt, kept
  in Skip's desk for infractions for the first fifty, and then it was the cricket
  bat that had belonged to Skip's British father, it was kept on the wall of
  the office, and visitors often commented on the little red spots ingraining
  the wood. Then Don would remove the gag he'd put in Skip's mouth, because he
  didn't want screams of agony to disrupt the production in the outdoor offices..and
  on his knees, Skip would thank Don in the best way he knew how, for the trouble
  Don had taken to contribute to Skip's education.  
Sometimes Don would put a hood over Skip's head and take him to a biker bar,
  and leave him in the lavatory, with a sign around the young broker's neck saying &ldquo;Suck
  you for $10&mdash;kick all you like.&rdquo; If Skip failed to earn more than
  fifty dollars (and he had no idea who was putting cash in the box, and who
  was stealing it, because the hood covered all but the mouth hole) Don would
  horsewhip him. However Don, a kinder master than Fenton, so as often as once
  a week he'd unlock Skip's cock cage and then attach a chain with a &ldquo;Y&rdquo; end
  for nipple clamps, and then loop the other side around Skip's cock, so any
  moving of the body would torture both nipples and testicles. Don would then
  watch the little bastard jerk off into a shot glass and drink it, and then
  Skip would usually give Don a huge tip. And now Don had a great life.  
&ldquo;What's with the turtleneck, Fenton?&rdquo; Don now asked. &ldquo;Tali
  is usually dressed real professional during the week, or she's here in the
  house naked.&rdquo; Fenton laughed. &ldquo;I told Tali that I'd screw her if
  she let me whip her tits with a branch of nettles at her country place&hellip;and
  now she's trying to get me to do it today or tomorrow by showing off her breasts
  in these absurdly tight sweaters. &ldquo; Don had a quick intake of breath. &ldquo;Lord,
  those thorns will tear her right up, Fenton.&rdquo; Fenton the Felon cocked
  his head. &ldquo;Yes, perhaps, but it's a valuable lesson, don't you think?&rdquo; She
  needed valuable lessons, he thought. Tali had beaten Fenton in a Ping-Pong
  game the night before and then gloated about it&hellip;and he certainly enjoyed
  using the paddle again.  
&ldquo; I heard about the first couple of tests&mdash;the piss one was insane.
  But nettles?&rdquo; Don was amazed. Just that morning, Don had given Skip a
  brutal caning for bringing cold coffee&hellip;right now, Skip was chained to
  an eyehook in their basement dungeon with a paint bucket full of ice hanging
  from his balls. As the ice melted, the water would pour through a hole into
  the floor&hellip;and Skip's burden would lessen, he might be quite comfortable
  by the time Don got home, several hours from now&hellip;but nettles? &ldquo;Jesus,
  Fenton&hellip;Tali has beautiful breasts&hellip;do you want to disfigure them?&rdquo; Fenton
  poured them each a shot of Glenfiddich.  
 &ldquo;Oh, her tits have been through the mill in the last eighteen months&hellip;I've
  whipped &lsquo;em, hung them from a wire, thrown darts at them&hellip;she'll
  be fine, but tit-whipping is good for Tali. First the pain will be excruciating,
  and she needs that&hellip;and secondly, she's so vain about her lovely breasts&hellip;why
  not let her get them banged up a little? Tali is much too vain.  
 The other night she was taking me to some moronic Bar Association shindig,
  I was in a damn monkey suit, and Tali was wearing a strapless dealie, and after
  she'd finished her makeup, she was just smirking into the mirror. So I made
  her strip, and arch her back, jutting out her breasts, and I hit her right
  on the nipples with another marvelous resource from Tali's willow tree, she
  fell down grabbing her breasts and moaning..but she forgot how damn good looking
  she was. The tears streaked the makeup, and she had to put all that crap plus
  the clothes back on, but we were only fifteen minutes late&hellip;and she was
  humble.&rdquo; Fenton looked quite pleased with himself, pronouncing the last
  word &ldquo;huummmble&rdquo;  
********************************************************************  
It was a Saturday. Tali pulled the car up into the big driveway of Snowden
  Hall and Daddy waved. Fenton sighed, and closed his copy of &ldquo; The Heracleidae&rdquo;.
  (Fenton had taken the job of chauffer on the condition that he didn't have
  to do any driving) Today was the day! The final test! There had been five tests
  after the urinary ingestion experience with the Senator. Fenton had subjected
  Tali to having clothespins knocked off her body with his cane while singing,
  uninterruptedly, &ldquo;The Way We Were&rdquo;. There had been an enema-holding
  contest, a horrible game with gerbils up her rectum, the Speculum Survival
  Tour, and a barely successful attempt to fellate a donkey. This test, was the
  hardest, but it would be the last..and Tali was trying to keep Fenton in a
  good mood.  
 Tali had done the 75 miles to her parent's country place in complete silence,
  trying not to brake very hard while Fenton had switched between Euripides and
  his Greek Lexicon. Tali knew better than to talk or turn the radio on, but
  on a previous trip Tali had had to swerve to avoid hitting a tractor-trailer
  that had pulled in front of her, and Fenton had ordered Tali to pull into the
  next rest area. He'd taken her to an Exxon bathroom, and pulled up her skirt
  and dropped her panties and given her fifty quick ones with the rubber hose
  he kept in the front, and then made Montgomery Couny's leading prosecutor kneel
  in her new stockings on the filthy, urine-stained floor in her new stockings
  and suck him to two or three orgasms.  
Usually when Tali was with Fenton, she didn't have to wear the chastity corset,
  he would simply time her when she went to the bathroom, however today she wore
  a simple belt, the Iron Maiden. Her breasts were needed for this test, sadly.  
Colonel Snowden greeted Tali with a big hug, leading her into the house as
  Fenton followed behind, meditating on Medea. All that girl had needed was a
  good caning, too. Fenton sighed, and dropped Euripides and the Lexicon back
  in his shoulder bag, and then wincing, took Tali's bag up to her childhood
  bedroom, a monstrosity of stuffed animals make-up mirrors, and of course a
  pink canopy bed. Good God, is that a poster of Elton John? Revolting. Fenton,Jr.
  had grown up comfortably in a house like this, spoiled to death by his mother
  and stepfather, both appellate judges. Though FJ had taken his father's path,
  (where he met even more judges) he was a happier person than either his father
  or half-sister, as his memories were of prep schools and sailing lessons, instead
  of his sister's experiences with food stamps, and dropping buckets of paint
  on a nosy parole officer from a tenement window.  
Fenton looked into Tali's closet, where he'd once found letters from Master
  Aubrey, Tali's first real master. Tali's pocket money had been such that she
  could steal a weekend away from Miss Porter's School to fly to Master Aubrey's
  trailer park two hundred miles away. There, she gave Master Aubrey his own
  allowance, and spent the weekend being caned, strapped and tortured, often
  being forced to run through the trailer park with Master Aubrey behind her,
  swinging the strap rapidly. The residents loved seeing the beautiful seventeen
  year old's swaying breasts as she made a beeline for an outdoor Jiffy John,
  where she'd lock the door until Master Aubrey calmed down again. Then he would
  sit on her back, and the naked girl would pony-ride Master Aubrey (who was
  light, as he was a midget) back to his trailer for a good thrashing from Master's
  Hog Slapper, a 12 foot plaited leather thing with rubber strips on the end,
  and then of course Heather would take the redeye back to school, where she'd
  enjoy mixers, parties, and horseback riding.  
 Fenton thought again of Heather, who had been given up for adoption by her
  mother quickly to avoid scandal. A prison doctor having an affair with an convict
  was scary, especially when said convict was regularly whipping the Eastern
  Correctional Institution's staff physician with a rubber hose. After Fenton
  had been paroled, he'd spirited the infant Heather out of the window of the
  same orphanage he'd grown up in, and raised her himself. Except of course,
  when there had been a misunderstanding about an armored truck (Fenton had been
  honestly after the truck, not the money inside) and Fenton had gone off to
  Lewisburg, and for those fifty-two months, Heather had resided in Cousin Fremont
  the Artist's basement studio, where the little girl had helped Cousin to dry
  the sheets of well painted fifty-dollar bills. Fenton had left a lively, imaginative
  8 year old, and come back to a pudgy, cynical adolescent, who would work her
  way through private school by answering the phones in Daddy's chop shop. No,
  the poor thing had not had a easy life.  
At lunch, Fenton watched Tali flirt with her indulgent father. &ldquo;Do
  you know, boy that Tali has never been spanked?&rdquo; Colonel Snowden squeezed
  Tali's hand as he spoke to Fenton. Tali winced, not over Daddy's misapprehension,
  but of what was to come. Fenton would give Tali twenty strokes with her younger
  brother's fraternity paddle for every time the Colonel called him &ldquo;boy&rdquo;. &ldquo;Boy,
  do you know, boy, that Natalia had her first checking account&mdash;her OWN,
  when she was eight, Boy? This prepared her for her first Platinum card, Boy.
  Tali wanted it early, but, you know, Boy I felt she had to at least have started
  seventh grade before she went out shoppin'! Yes, Boy, and I thought Tali should
  have a sports-utility-vehicle to get around, they seem safer, but she wanted
  a convertible, Boy, so we compromised and gave her both, Boy! Then little Princess'
  Grandma got her a BMW&hellip; Then, when Natalia was eighteen, Boy, she wanted
  a single-engine plane,Boy and I said&hellip;&rdquo;  
Fenton sat calmly, used to this barrage, and wondered if Heather was going
  to be early. He'd told her to arrive here by eleven, but already it was noon.
  Heather was excitedly looking forward to Tali's first test. Her enthusiasm
  was frightening, but this Outward Bound-ish experience might give Heather the
  enthusiasm and confidence to go back to college, and perhaps lose some weight.
  He looked at Tali fondly. Oh, my little girl&hellip;&rdquo;Boy! Are you part-Jewish?&rdquo; Colonel
  Snowden demanded. &ldquo;That nose of yours&hellip;well it looks like the side
  of a house, it's so big.&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes sir.&rdquo; Fenton responded with
  a ghostly smile. &ldquo;Jewish looks without the money.&rdquo;  
Tali and Fenton went into the cold sunshine after lunch. They crossed into
  the back woods of the Colonel's place and came upon the nettle bush. &ldquo;Well
  here we are&rdquo; Tali said uneasily. &ldquo;You know, Tali,&rdquo; Fenton
  said with a smile, &ldquo;the Latin name for stinging nettles is Urtica Dioica,
  coming from the Latin word Uro, which means &lsquo;I burn' Isn't that interesting?&rdquo; Tali
  nodded, her shoulders quivering. Tali was shivering slightly because she had
  neglected to wear her parka.  
Tali wanted to ensure that Fenton could see her bobbing breasts in the tight
  sweater, up until it was time for the nettle flogging. She knew he might change
  his mind&mdash;Fenton had promised Tali that if she completed this last test,
  and allowed her master to flog her breasts with nettles from her father's stinging
  nettle tree, he would make love to her, and this was her dream&hellip;all those
  forbidden masturbation sessions&hellip;Fenton was a sound sleeper, and Tali
  quite often would take his key, and unlock her belt, and take out her secret
  vibrator, and dream of finally getting her thrill.  
But Fenton kept demurring. Would he in fact flog her breasts? &ldquo;I do
  want to get at your tits with the nettles, but the price is too high, Tali&mdash;sexual
  congress with a common little toad like you, I don't know&hellip;really, only
  your pretty mouth is good enough for my precious missile, methinks.&rdquo; People
  wouldn't think so when they saw the two of them together, certainly&mdash;a
  5' 3'', mid-life mulatto with thick glasses balanced on a huge schnoz in egg-stained
  leather jacket and faded jeans walking arm in arm with a statuesque natural
  blonde who looked to be about 24, an inch higher and much better dressed than
  he was.  
To hear Fenton discuss it though, Tali had come to him through the sewer
  lines. &ldquo;I mean, really, Natalia, you must understand my position&hellip;my
  precious seed doesn't just go into anyone, you know.&rdquo; No, only every
  common slut, barmaid and college sorority girl he could find&mdash;and Fenton
  found many&mdash;they all got into Fenton's pants the way they wanted to, without
  any waiting or begging&hellip;but then they weren't slave girls like the beautiful
  woman who would come and bring them coffee in the morning as they lay with
  this weird little guy that had such magnetism. Fenton had really hesitated
  about sleeping with his submissive&hellip;  
But Tali knew that Fenton was obsessed with the idea of punishing her breasts&mdash;she
  thought it was because he felt that they had power over him&hellip;he was always
  staring at them in undisguised admiration, as had every other man since Tali
  had turned eleven. And they were round pink creatures, bouncy as all get out&hellip;.Fenton
  had sucked them in weaker moments, ordered Tali to give him a few tit-jobs
  but generally he punished&mdash;whipping Tali's breasts with belt or cane,
  hanging her from them, and using various electrical play on the nipples. But
  the only time Tali had called her safeword in their relationship so far, was
  when Fenton had discussed thrashing her breasts with thorns or nettles.  
It wasn't as if Tali hadn't been whipped on her rear with rose bushes, thorned
  branches and nettles&mdash;that she could take, if Fenton strapped her down
  first, and popped a gag in her mouth. Fenton had so enthusiastically used this
  punishment on Tali's backside that she hadn't been able to wear her bikini
  at the beach for two summers&mdash;the string bikini that usually displayed
  Tali's gym hardened abs, her full breasts and curvy, impudent bottom. But how
  could she explain all the vicious scabs, scratches and rips in her back, buttocks
  and thighs? Forget ever wearing a thong again.  
No, for the past two summers, Tali had driven Fenton and his girl of the
  week up to the Snowden's beach house in Rehoboth every weekend, and sat in
  long pants and button down shirt on a straight backed chair (Fenton and Buffy
  would be using the recliners) in the sand writing &ldquo;I will not complain
  about rimming Buffy's bottom after defecation 1,000 times, one letter pencil,
  the next letter ink, while the sounds of Fenton making Buffy squeal in the
  roaring waves wafted by. Tali was convinced that her parents thought she had
  lupus now, as they'd never seen her so bundled up in the summer but it was
  worth it, Fenton was her Master Still, Tali just couldn't take the thorns and
  nettles on her nipples, until now&hellip;she needed Fenton so much.  
Before Fenton moved towards the nettles, he motioned for Tali to open her
  suitcase. In the bag were several long rose thorn branches that he planned
  to wrap the nettles around, so Tali could have the &ldquo;extra stimulation.&rdquo; Also
  in the bag were a clipper for the nettles. Tali took the clipper out, and cut
  several large nettle bunches, trying not to let the green leaves touch her
  until they had to, and then Tali wrapped the nettle leaves around the rose
  branches, so there was the double whammy of stinging nettles and very sharp
  rose thorns. Tali reflected that if her hand moved, the combined thorn-nettle
  bundle could put an eye out, and she was quite careful.  
 Tali tied the collected branches of both plants together, and put them on
  the ground in front of Fenton. Then she reached into the bag and brought out
  a pair of work gloves. She hadn't used them for herself, and thus her hands
  were already stinging. She handed the gloves to Fenton. &ldquo;What's this?&rdquo; Fenton
  asked. &ldquo;These are gloves for your hands, Master&hellip;so you don't hurt
  them swinging the branches.&rdquo; Fenton was overcome by this. How sweet Tali
  was, she was about to have one of the nastiest tortures known across a very
  sensitive part of her body, but God forbid her master suffer even a little
  bit. Tali looked at Fenton with love in her eyes. &ldquo;Are you ready, Master
  Fenton?&rdquo; &ldquo;Ready when you are, m'dear.&rdquo;  
Fenton smiled, and sniffed the chilly air. He found it interesting that whenever
  he blew out air, it came out in a visible cloud&hellip; He wiped his glasses
  on a mitten. Fenton would have to look up why that happened in his Scientific
  American magazines. Fenton looked around at the trees. He vaguely remembered
  a show at the orphanage where either Smokey Bear&mdash;or was it Woodsy Owl&mdash;some
  loser in one of those animal suits had jumped about in the St. Ann's Infant
  Home auditorium warning against doing bad stuff in the woods. As the denizens
  of the Infant Home for the most part, had never seen a wood, the lesson at
  the time had been quite lost.  
Fenton turned around and watched Tali disrobe. First Tali pulled the skin-tight
  sweater off, and laid it on the ground. She put her arms around her heavy breasts,
  hanging in the cups of a lacy lingerie bra, and shivered a bit, and then reached
  behind her back and undid the bra straps, dropping the 36DD brassiere on the
  ground next to the discarded sweater. Fenton took some baling wire from the
  bag, and wrapped one cut piece around the sides of Tali's left breast, squeezing
  it so the breast and nipple bulged out. As Fenton pulled the wire tighter,
  Tali's breast bulged further, and began turning purple. Fenton then attached
  the wire with a clip of some sort, and repeated the operation on Tali's right
  breast. Tali bent over, away from Fenton, as the sensation of the blood being
  cut off was excruciating&hellip;but then she rose again. Tali could do it.
  She was quite wet inside the Iron Maiden, despite her horrific sensations.  
 Tali then turned to Fenton, and put her hands behind her back. This was
  quite difficult, as Tali was freezing in the twenty-one degree weather. Fenton
  watched Tali's breasts turn blue, and was thinking about how he should've been
  the one to cut the branches of the trees&hellip;but Fenton had found that cutting
  branches was not as easy as cutting the power window out of a 2000 Chevy Camaro.
  Tali of course had been trimming trees in her father's woods since she was
  a child, and had extreme dexterity. This vaguely annoyed Fenton. Tali was better
  at a lot of things&hellip;this made him resentful sometimes&hellip; but he
  was going to take it out of her. Indeed he would.  
 Fenton put his hands in the pockets of his comfortable winter jacket that
  Tali had given him for Christmas, and watched Tali struggle to keep from hugging
  herself in the bitter cold. Fenton remembered when his Uncle Franklin, today
  an inmate rabbi of the Black Hebrew faith at the Maryland House of Correction
  Annex at Jessup, had brought little Fenton his first dirty magazines&mdash; Fenton
  had gone over the pictures of girls with beautiful breasts, gorgeous heart-shaped
  faces&hellip;girls who looked just like Tali  
As a twelve year old half-breed foster child with thick black Clark Kent
  glasses, preadolescent dandruff, plaid Kmart pants and prescription shoes for
  flat feet, Fenton never thought these girls would be for him. He lived in an
  impoverished boy's home in the depths of Anacostia, a D.C. ghetto, and already
  had been twice incarcerated in the D.C. Receiving Home for stealing bicycles
  and Go-Karts. What girl would want him? Of course within a year or so he'd
  learned differently, there was a Fenton the Felon Pheremone. Still, of all
  the women he'd been with, none had been Penthouse or Hustler quality girls
  until now. She was it. Fenton watched Tali shiver some more. He could tell
  she was wrestling within, on one hand wanting him to get this over with, and
  on the other, terrified of when the flogging would start.  
Fenton had a thought. &ldquo;Tali, honey? I just had the neatest idea for
  us.&rdquo; Tali perked up. &ldquo;Yes, Fenton?&rdquo; Her heart rose. Maybe
  he was excited about making love to her! Maybe Fenton wanted some romance,
  and had some idea of taking her to a nice inn or something&mdash;Tali would
  pay, of course&mdash;and they'd have a really beautiful time. Tali was a masochist
  through and through&mdash;but just this once&hellip;Oh, it was COLD. What did
  this wonderful man want? &ldquo;What is your idea, Fenton, honey?&rdquo; Tali
  tried to bat her eyes a little.  
Fenton looked at her quizzically. &ldquo;Is there a water hydrant here in
  the woods? Has your father installed one? Or perhaps a creek?&mdash;I'd need
  a bucket, though.&rdquo; Fenton was talking to himself. Tali was confused.
  Here she was thinking of an inn and a nice dinner&hellip;a bucket? &ldquo;Why
  do you want a bucket, Fenton?&rdquo; Fenton smiled. &ldquo;Well, I was thinking
  how painful it's going to be when I whip your boobs, Tali. .it's more painful
  in the cold for you&hellip;and I thought if I doused you with a bucket of cold
  water, the pain would be even more fully accentuated.&rdquo;  
 Tali's heart stopped. She saw the National Enquirer headline: &ldquo;District
  Attorney, 31, Dies of Pneumonia and multiple stab wounds from Convict's Evil
  S&amp;M Thorn Wand&rdquo; Tali looked at Fenton warily. &ldquo;No, Fenton,
  there's no body of water near here, or a bucket.&rdquo; Thank God. &ldquo;I
  thought we agreed to a short whipping&mdash;&ldquo; Fenton looked annoyed. &ldquo;Good
  God, woman. Are you a slave or what?&rdquo; Fenton shook his head. &ldquo;I
  guess this is going to have to begin now. Next week, we get a bucket.&rdquo;  
Tali rubbed yet more cream on her horribly wounded breasts&hellip;between
  the tears and the stinging marks from the nettles, there seemed to be a thousand
  of them, it looked like she would be sitting in her room forever with the First
  Aid kit. She'd used iodine, and two or three different creams, and the pain
  was still surging, and the many, many little red marks from the stinging nettles,
  surrounding the rips in her tits from the long, sharp thorns basically dictated
  that Tali would not be wearing anything low cut for some time to come. As she
  rubbed her areolas gingerly, she heard Fenton joking around with her parents
  downstairs, and thought about the events of the afternoon.  
Tali had had horrible anticipations about what the pain of this combined
  thorn-nettle bundle would be, but the actual pain far surpassed her expectations.
  Tali had jutted her breasts out, arching her back and closing her eyes, and
  Fenton had waited a moment, and then whispered &ldquo;Tali?&rdquo; Tali had
  opened her eyes and then Fenton had crashed the thorn-nettle bundle into her
  breasts&hellip;and one of the thorns had stuck in her areola, and Fenton had
  had to struggle to pull the damn thing back out again. Tali had dropped to
  her knees, grabbing her breasts and crying, and Fenton, worried that Tali might
  alert her parents (God knows they would misunderstand) gagged Tali with a neckerchief,
  and cuffed her hands behind her. This kept Tali from being able to use her
  safeword, but she had agreed that this was the only way Fenton would be able
  to finish what he'd started.  
The next three or four minutes had been absolute hell for Tali. The rising
  and falling of the bundle had seemed never ending. As Fenton was whacking Tali
  for the sixth time, her purple-ish bulging nipple tips taking the swats with
  the horribly sharp thorns, she heard a rustle in the brush, and Heather, Fenton's
  chubby daughter appeared in a winter coat with gloves. Heather took a look
  at Tali, naked from the waist up with her tortured, and welted breasts, and
  laughed. &ldquo;Well now, Tali Topless!&rdquo; Tali just shook her head, as
  she couldn't talk. What was Heather doing here now? Colonel Snowden, who was
  fascinated with minority students, had agreed that Heather could come and spend
  the weekend as well, but she wasn't supposed to be showing up until seven-thirty
  Saturday night. What the hell was she doing here now, and how could Fenton
  have told her about this? &ldquo;Well, Dad&hellip;started without me, didn't
  you?&rdquo; Heather bussed her father on the cheek. Fenton chuckled, and lit
  a cigarette. Fenton had chain smoked from the ages of seven to sixteen, quit
  entirely from seventeen to forty, and now only occasionally smoked, usually
  when he was having a good time. But smoking bothered Heather.  
&ldquo;Dad, don't smoke.&rdquo; Heather plucked the cigarette out of Fenton's
  paw, and held it disgustedly. &ldquo;And a Marlboro Light.. the worst redneck
  shit.&rdquo; Heather's eye caught Tali's blue-ish, welted tits and, tapping
  some ash off the cigarette walked up to the bound, topless Prosecuting Attorney
  for the State of Maryland. &ldquo;Dad, this is all a ciggie-butt is good for&rdquo; Heather
  stabbed the cigarette into the soft skin of Tali's right breast, not hard enough
  to put it out and held it there. The pain seared, and Tali would have screamed
  had the gag not been so firmly planted. Tali began trying to back off, but
  caught Fenton's eye.  
She was supposed to be a good slave-girl. Tali knew this&hellip;So she stood
  still, thinking of how hard Fenton would be fucking her later as a reward for
  her tolerance. Heather generally got her rocks off when Tali flinched, and
  was quite irritated that Tali was taking the pain so well. Heather withdrew
  the cigarette, and then pushed it into Tali's other boob, right upon the nipple,
  and this time Tali moaned, closing her eyes&hellip;but she stood there until
  Heather had put out the cigarette, causing a huge blotchy red spot on the top
  of the areola. Heather backed off, and Fenton proffered the evil bundle of
  thorns and nettles. &ldquo;I was just getting started, honey.&rdquo; Fenton
  said mildly, &ldquo;But certainly I want my little girl to get her hand in
  here.&rdquo; Heather laughed, and Tali's eyes widened. Fenton was going to
  share this with that hog of a daughter! Was this not too much? How could it
  get worse? Tali's humiliation was overpowering.  
Heather looked at Tali and smiled. &ldquo;Tali, I have a surprise for you.&rdquo; Heather
  reached into her bag, and brought out a large, light green transparent water
  gun, dripping with the overload. Tali shook her head, and made noises. &ldquo;No
  no, scumbag&hellip;&rdquo; Heather smiled. &ldquo;I overheard Daddy talking
  about the bucket of water, and that might give you pneumonia, and we need those
  checks coming&hellip;but a little squirt won't kill you.&rdquo; As Heather
  said &ldquo;squirt&rdquo; a stream of water shot over Tali's exposed breasts
  and the various sores, welts and whip marks and the pain was prolific. But
  it was not over yet. Heather snatched the thorn-nettle combo and went at it,
  plowing into Tali's breasts with intense vigor, as if she were beating a dusty
  carpet.  
Tali fell down after four swipes, and Heather pulled her up by the hair,
  squirted her breasts again and gave Tali six more. Fenton turned around and
  went to take a leak against a tree. Tali's eyes brimmed with tears&hellip;he
  just didn't care&hellip;or did he? &ldquo;Daddy, no&hellip;&rdquo; Heather
  ran to stop Fenton just before he unzipped, and he came back. Father and daughter
  looked at Tali. What was this? Were they concerned now about her? Tali, shaking
  with cold, her breasts scorched with abuse, tried to focus on Fenton's face.
  He was so beautiful, she thought. Maybe this was it&hellip;maybe they felt
  badly now. Heather smiled at Tali who tried to smile back through the gag.
  Fenton whispered again, and Heather smiled. &ldquo;On your knees, Tali&rdquo; Fenton's
  voice rapped out. &ldquo;No, Daddy&hellip;she can't get to her knees with her
  hands cuffed.&rdquo; Heather said in a soft voice, smiling at Tali. Heather
  came over and gently helped Tali get to her knees. Fenton looked sternly at
  Heather. &ldquo;This is your idea, but I want you to turn around.&rdquo; Heather
  stamped her foot. &ldquo;Why, I want to see it?&rdquo; &ldquo;No, you're my
  daughter, it would be inappropriate. Turn around.&rdquo; Fenton's voice was
  final, and Heather turned away sulkily. What was happening now? Tali asked
  herself, as the mud from the ground encrusted her knees. Was she going to blow
  Fenton?  
Fenton unzipped his trousers, and pulled out his dick. Tali gazed at it lovingly.
  You will be inside me tonight, big boy. Fenton came closer to Tali. Tali waited
  for him to take off the gag so she could blow him, but it wasn't what he wanted.
  Fenton began peeing on Tali's breasts. The acid of the urine hit the open weals,
  and combined with the cold water from the squirt gun, the pain was bringing
  Tali to a new level. Just before Fenton finished, Heather stealthily turned
  around and grinned at Tali, who was crying quite openly. After Fenton zipped
  up, Heather took the thorn-nettle bundle and came back over. &ldquo;Now we'll
  see, Miss D cup!&rdquo;  
Fenton disappeared behind the trees, and returned with some more cut nettles,
  and Heather pulled Tali to her feet by her hair again. Heather's teeth gritted
  as she watched Tali's breasts bounce. Despite the torture that Tali's tits
  had gone through, they were still quite beautiful, and stood up proudly. Even
  though they were incredibly large breasts, they did not sag. Heather's tiny
  breasts sagged quite a bit, and this was galling, Tali knew. She wished for
  once in her life that she had tiny, ugly breasts, so Fenton's daughter would
  not feel so vengeful. Fenton came up on one side of Tali's breasts, and Heather
  was on the other, and they began alternating swats, and discussing Heather's
  recent stay at the Overcoming Overeating Neuropsychiatric Plantation. Heather
  had resided at more fat farms than her father had prisons, but she never gave
  up&hellip;  
 Swish! Fenton's nettles scraped Tali's nipples, and he ripped them away
  again. One of the stinging nettles hit the welt where Heather had put out the
  Marlboro. SWAT! Heather's bundle,which had thorns as well as nettles, landed
  hard on Tali's left areola. Heather pulled out her water gun and gave the boobs
  a squirt, and Fenton hit again. &ldquo;So what do you think about biology,
  hon?&rdquo; Fenton asked. &ldquo;I never liked it&mdash;the organelles sound
  like a band that was on the Ed Sullivan Show, and an endoplasmic reticulum
  puts me in mind of when I was a towel boy at the Olympic Baths on 14 th  and
  U Streets.&rdquo; Heather snickered and swished Tali's breasts again.  
Tali never knew when she blacked out, but there she was. Tali was lying on
  the cold ground, and Fenton was leaning over her and unlocking the handcuffs.
  Had she been unconscious for long? Fenton and Heather helped her up, and didn't
  illuminate on this point. The folks had gone into town to get supper, and so
  Tali walked behind Fenton with her sweater and bra in her arms. Any lucky farm
  hand or kid wandering would have had a strange gape at perfect, naked breasts
  with vicious, clawing scratches on them&mdash;who knew? Fenton had ordered
  Tali upstairs.  
 &ldquo;Get yourself together and then come into my room, I need to be fellated&rdquo; Fenton
  ordered Tali in a harsh voice, as if she had been misbehaving for the past
  hour instead of going through the ordeal of her life. The waiting in the bitter
  cold, Fenton's seeming kindness and then brutality&hellip;and the horrible
  thorn-nettle bundle on her tender nipples&hellip;but wait! &ldquo;Fenton, aren't
  we going to make love?&rdquo; Tali had asked this when she finally showed up
  in Fenton's room. Fenton laughed. &ldquo;You presume to think, Tali, that you
  can make deals with your Master?&rdquo; Tali's eyes opened wide. &ldquo;Wha-at?&rdquo; Tali
  was amazed. It couldn't be true.  
 Fenton undid his pants and pulled them and his jockey shorts down to his
  knees. &ldquo;Get down and relieve this tension, Tali&hellip;I found the afternoon
  quite arousing, and I really need some relief, darling.&rdquo; Tali began crying
  anew. &ldquo;But you promised! Fenton, you promised you would make love to
  me!&rdquo; Fenton looked at Tali with narrowed eyes. Tali dropped to her knees,
  her breasts still screaming in pain, and took Fenton's cock in her mouth. Fenton
  laughed as he pushed his dick in and out of Tali's mouth. &ldquo;Girl, you
  must be crazy to think that I was going to fuck a little no-account scheming
  pig like yourself&hellip;I am ill thinking about it. &ldquo;  
As Tali sucked, Fenton spoke quietly. &ldquo;Dear Tali&hellip;this was a
  lesson for you. Such a valuable lesson. You should thank your Master for this,
  but you probably won't. Tali, I've never slept with a slave, and I never will.
  The tests you've gone through in the last few weeks have been just to improve
  your character&hellip;if that isn't good enough for you, Linda Smythe has offered
  me a place in her house&hellip;she appreciates me.&rdquo; Tali pulled her mouth
  off Fenton's cock. &ldquo;Oh, no Master&hellip;I love you. I accept&mdash;&ldquo; Tali
  bit her tongue, she felt like she would cry&mdash;&ldquo;I accept your training
  methods. I deserve what I went through in the woods, I&mdash;&ldquo; &ldquo;Tried
  to manipulate your Master.&rdquo; Fenton grabbed Tali by the back of the neck
  and pushed her head on his cock. One of Tali's breasts hit the bedside and
  her body was racked in pain again from the nettles. But Tali sucked on, and
  in about half an hour, Fenton finally shot his load into her mouth and she
  swallowed it greedily. It would've been faster, she thought, but of course
  I just blew him on the floor of the Exxon station on Route 66.  
Tali had finished up, and given Fenton a nice bath and massage after his
  fellatio. Then as she was going to her room, Heather's door had opened, and
  Tali had stepped in, and by the time she'd brought Heather to three or four
  orgasms, Tali's jaw was aching&hellip; but it was all over. &ldquo;Wondering
  why you're not sneezing? After the cold and the squirt gun?&rdquo; Heather
  asked with a friendly smile.Tali's head came out of Heather's crotch. It was
  true, she didn't seem to have a cold at all! &ldquo;We made sure to keep your
  breasts warm.&rdquo;  
Heather had also told Tali that if Tali liked, Heather would drop out of
  her training sessions, as Heather was quite content working out her class resentments
  with the Senator. &ldquo;You can go back to being Miss Snowden, my stepmom.&rdquo; Heather
  said hesitantly. &ldquo;I understand about Leo&mdash;and everything.&rdquo; Tali
  had surprised herself and Heather. &ldquo;No Miss Heather, your training is
  so good for me&hellip;I don't want to change our relationship at all.&rdquo; Heather's
  hesitancy vanished, and she'd cuffed Tali affectionately across the head and
  shoved her back into the hairy muff.  
 After giving Heather five or six orgasms, Tali had gone back in her room,
  and now was finishing treating her breasts and her nipples. It would probably
  hurt for two or three weeks, Tali would be sleeping on her back for a long
  time. Tali turned to look for a loose shirt, because her mother had called
  her for dinner some time ago.  
 Looking down, she saw a crumpled brown bag sitting on the bed, with a yellow
  Smiley face sticker attached to it. Tali opened the bag and shook it, and out
  came a small silver key, that Tali recognized as the key to her Iron Maiden.
  Tali felt in the bag again, and discovered her vibrator, the one she kept hidden
  from Fenton, but he apparently knew about it all along.  
Tali was overcome by joy. Oh, Fenton! You are so wonderful! Fenton obviously
  had forgiven Tali for trying to manipulate him and being ungrateful for the
  punishment in the woods that she certainly deserved. Unlocking the chastity
  belt, Tali dropped to her knees and began fingering herself furiously. She
  plopped the vibrator in the tip of her clitoris&hellip; and began fingering
  her damaged nipples, squeezing them, panting and thinking of her wise, sexy,
  just and wonderful Master&hellip;  
Fenton the Felon came upstairs about half an hour later. He'd told Tali's
  folks not to call her for dinner, as she was resting. He stopped in front of
  her door, and listened to the little buzz from the vibrator, and smiled. Fenton
  walked into his room and lay on the bed, picking up his Greek lexicon abstractedly.
  Fenton would have dearly loved fucking Tali&hellip;she was a tight little thing,
  and it would have been enjoyable. But, having been a Master for so long, Fenton
  knew his submissives, the dilettantes, the life-stylers and the hard-core.
  Screwing Tali would only have confused her, and she would have felt let down.
  She would have far more pleasure, as a hard core masochist, by kneeling on
  the floor and frigging herself&hellip;.and thinking of what a worthless little
  scumbag she was.  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





