BDSM Library - My Week of Shame




My Week of Shame
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A uni student in Australia is kidnapped by a female traveller, and used as a slave for a week.  The story tries to deal with the mind of the slave.My Week of Shame 
This is my first attempt at writing
    a story. Just like my character, I have no real BDSM experience, so if the &lsquo;feel'
    or facts are so far short of reality, I'd love to have feedback. Oh, and
    the character is loosely based on a friend of mine by the same name, so if
    you read this, let me know.   
Oh, and I won't waste time finishing
    the story if I don't get some &lsquo;fan' mail  J   
HOW IT BEGAN   
The wet season had well and truly
    arrived. I was standing by the side of the Bruce Hi-way, swearing at my rusting
    old car. My dad had promised to buy me a newer car, since this old Mazda
    had broken down several times now on my weekly trip back to the farm from
    nearby Townsville where I was doing 1st year Uni. So I got out my phone,
    which normally gets a good signal, but due to the heavy rain, it was useless.
    Oh well, I'd just wait till someone came and offered their help.   
Nearly an hour later, and Hi-ace
    van pulled up in front of my rotten Mazda. It looked like a typical small
    transport van that shoot along the Hi-way between towns. I got out and went
    up to the van, as the driver got out and started to come back. I had a rain
    coat on, but they didn't, so they were getting wet real fast. As we met,
    I could see that the driver was a lady, although from her build I thought
    she was a guy at first.   
&quot;Hi there mate, my bloody cars
    shit itself&quot;, I yelled through the rain   
&quot;I'm getting soaked, jump in
    the back of the van&quot;, she yelled back.   
Seemed like a dam good idea, as
    even my rain coat was struggling to keep me dry. I went round the side, and
    as she opened the side sliding door, I jumped in. She followed, and we just
    fitted in along with a heap of boxes.   
&quot;I'm Kate, by the way. It sure
    is raining out there isn't?&quot;, she said   
&quot;Yeah, I reckon that's why
    my car has died again&quot;   
I filled her in on the 'trial' of
    getting my Mazda from Townsville back to the farm at Tully every weekend,
    and she seemed to understand.   
&quot;That's no problem&quot;, she
    said, and then she moved really quickly, and I think I remember feeling something
    hitting my head, but I'm not really sure. That was a week ago now. I was
    just starting to be able to think about it without crying and shaking like
    a leaf in the wind, when I reached my current state. I'm free, you see, floating
    above the waste of flesh that was my body. I can tell you all this now as
    I'm free to do as I want. My body died a few hours ago. So, back to my short
    horror.   
WAKING UP   
My eyes were not yet open, and I
    felt like I'd got a terrible hang-over. My first thought was that my head
    hurt, not just hang-over like, but also literally sore. I guess I must been
    thinking about this for a few seconds as I woke up. Then I just tried to
    move, and that was the first moment I thought something was really wrong.
    I became aware of the position that I was in, namely squished up in the foetal
    position, with my knees touching my chest. It was from this position that
    I tried to move, and found that I couldn't. It was like some kind of box
    that I was in.   
This thought really woke me, and
    as I opened my eyes, I could see that I was in a small heavy wire cage. Naturally
    at this point, with no idea as to what was going on, I screamed like there
    was no tomorrow. Last thing I knew was that Kate, the driver of the van,
    was going to help me get into town, and now I was feeling hangover, and was
    locked in a bloody wire box. As I screamed, I kind of became aware of the
    strange clothes I was wearing.   
I had a very smelly old tee-shirt
    on, and were my shorts had been, there was now just some underwear, though
    not mine. My mind was going at a million miles an hour, trying to work out
    what was going on. I tried to move my hands to push against the cage, still
    screaming, but they didn't move. Oh god, they were attached to my ankles.
    What was going on?   
MEETING KATE AGAIN   
My screaming had attracted attention.
    To my utter surprise, Kate who had helped was then standing in front of the
    cage. Only now she was wearing a very tight leather outfit, which looked
    quite silly, as she was quite fat and big in general, and parts of her just
    didn't fit in the leather.   
Over the top of my screaming, she
    yelled &quot;shut up fuck-toy&quot;.   
I was so taken back by what she
    called me, that I did stop. I just kind of lay there and stared at her. She
    then moved to the cage, and opened a 'hatch' near my head, and pulled my
    head out from the tight cage by my hair. Naturally I began to scream again
    !!   
Whilst I screamed, she pushed a
    ply-wood board with a cut-out over the opening in the cage, stopping my head
    from being able to get back in again. Then she placed what I later learnt
    was a heavy ball gag around my head, with the thick ball forced into my screaming
    mouth.   
Next, she yelled angrily into my
    ear, &quot;fuck-toy, you can scream all you like, but no one can hear you,
    and now with the gag, you just sound stupid. Now when you shut up, bitch,
    I'll tell you the deal&quot;   
Then she left, while I screamed
    my heart out, and thrashed around in the cage until I was quite bruised.
    Then I just kind of stopped and lay there again, completely confused and
    scared as to what was happening. Kate came back into sight again, with a
    chair this time. Then she hauled my cage over onto its side, so that now
    I was effectively kneeling on the ground, with my head popping out the top
    of the cage. Then she sat down in front of the cage.   
THE DEAL   
&quot;Here is the deal, fuck-toy&quot;,
    she said, in a stern but quieter voice than before. &quot;You got into my
    van, and after a heavy knock to the head, I washed some Valium down your
    throat to keep you subdued, and have now taken you to my bush block. It's
    in the middle of pretty much no-where.&quot;   
She then went on to explain that
    she was into BDSM, although had only ever read stuff online, and never had
    done anything in real life. I was, as she put, to be her experimental fuck-toy.
    All this meant nothing to me, as I had never even heard of the terms she
    was using. She went on to explain that I was to be her slave, that I had
    no rights at all, and that she didn't expect that I'd be here for more than
    a month or two.   
As all this was going through my
    head, the last thing she said gave me some hope. At least the ordeal would
    only last a few months. Not that I had any idea how I would cope till then,
    or indeed what I had to cope with, but there was hope.   
&quot;because&quot;, she went on, &quot;after
    that time, I expect that you will have either died from my inexperience,
    or be so ill from the abuse that I'll just grow tired of you and go away
    for a little while, and let you die in your cage&quot;   
Of all the things that have followed
    that day, nothing made me feel so helpless and devoid of hope. My heart just
    sank, and life seemed to end right there and then. But my heart was about
    to come back to life.   
THE PROD   
I was just kneeing in my up-turned
    cage, feeling total despair, crying and shaking, as she got up and moved
    towards me. She then unzipped the front of her leather costume, exposing
    a very hairy cunt, and laughed.   
&quot;you'll be learning to love
    and cherish my cunt before long&quot;, she said, as she moved forwards and
    pushed her whole cunt into my face, wiggling around until my nose was firmly
    wedged in her cunt. I started to heavy against the cage, and the thought
    and smell of being forced to have my face in a woman's cunt made me throw-up.
    I started to choke as I was wearing the ball gag, and my vomit that had come
    up my throat was choking me. She pulled away, and quickly undid the gag,
    allowing me to clear my throat. My lunch and god-know-what-else shot out
    of my mouth, and then just dribbled down my face and into the bottom of the
    cage   
&ldquo;You've made a mess of you
    cage and yourself. As property of mine, you should have more respect for
    me, you little cow. Well, little cows get kept on course with cattle prods,
    so time to learn that...&rdquo; she sneered.   
As I regained my breath, and generally
    composed myself, I realised that the gag was out, and that I could talk.
    I realised that scream had done nothing, so I yelled at her, &ldquo;what
    the fuck do you think you are doing, bitch? My dad is going to kill you&rdquo;.   
Next moment my whole body shook
    and spasmed as she brought the cattle prod down onto neck. I just lost control
    of everything, and might have even blacked out. As she drew back, the entire
    body pain was replaced by a strong burning feel on my neck. Again, in only
    a few minutes, I was throwing up, although this time there was nothing left
    in my stomach. It was just dry-reaching. As I regained some control, I felt
    the uncomfortable wetness in the strange undies I was wearing, and realised
    that I had not only wet myself, but also released my bowels, and the smell
    of my own shit was making its way through the already putrid mix of smells
    from both my vomit and Kates cunt juices that seemed to be smeared all over
    my face.   
Suddenly she lunged out, and slapped
    me really heavily on the side of the face. She just stared at me like some
    kind of wild animal, and then started to hit my face a few more times. I'd
    never been hit before, certainly not in the face, and the pain was terrible.
    I could feel blood coming out of my nose and mouth.   
Kate stepped back, and took a few
    deep breaths. I was of course screaming again, or was it crying? She picked
    up the ball gag, shoved it roughly into my bleeding mouth, and did up the
    straps as I wriggled around to avoid it. Once Kate had the gag back in place,
    she picked up the cattle prod, moved around to behind my cage, and shoved
    it onto my arse. Again, I think I might have passed out, the pain was just
    too much. I was dry-reaching again, and was just starting to get my heart
    back when Kate stepped in front of my again, and said &ldquo;this prod is
    only a mild tool. I have worse, and you have to understand that you must
    do as I say, not as you like, as you have been doing. I am going to leave
    you for a few hours now, and I want you to think about what your punishment
    should be for all this bad behaviour&rdquo;.   
&ldquo;To make it interesting&rdquo;,
    she continued, &ldquo;the punishment you come up with must satisfy a few
    criteria. Firstly, the punishment must include the use of your cunt. Secondly,
    if the level of punishment is below what I think you deserve, then I'll repeat
    your version till it reaches my idea, and then double that. Are you taking
    this in, fuck-toy?&rdquo;   
I really don't know what I was thinking
    at this point. It was only a day or so at the most (thought I wasn't really
    sure) since I had been kidnapped, and stuffed in the wire cage, in what appeared
    to be an old metal car garage. I was in huge pain both from the burns from
    the prod, as well as the beating my face had taken, and was now being told
    to come up with a suitable punishment for shitting and pissing myself. Oh,
    and vomiting on myself. I just wanted it to end.   
Kate went on, saying that my punishment
    must last 30 minutes. Lastly, it had to draw blood. My head began to spin,
    as she laughed and left the shed.   
THE CAMERA   
I just knelt there and cried for
    ages, but then I started to try and think about this logically. I knew that
    I was still in Australia, because I could hear magpies outside. I also knew
    I was still in northern Australia, because it was very hot in the shed, so
    much so that both Kate and I were quite heavily sweating. I knew that she
    had kidnapped me, and that I was kneeling in a strong wire cage, with my
    head sticking out the top of the cage, with a board stopping my head from
    moving back in. My hands were attached to my ankles, which as I thought about
    it, I realised were held there by metal chains. My face was bleeding, and
    my mouth had a mix of vomit and blood in it, as well as the ball-gag.   
To top this all off, I had my own
    shit squishing around in the undies and running slowly down my legs, and
    the front to the undies were drenched with my piss. I was breathing as best
    as I could through my bleeding nose, with each breath nearly wanting to be
    sick from the cocktail of smells, which just kept bring back the image of
    Kate's hairy and smelly wet cunt in my face.   
I just felt so useless. I was no
    longer anyone. I had become someone's prisoner, to be used as wanted. I was
    just starting to break down into shaking tremors again as Kate suddenly appeared,
    and opened another small flap in the cage, above my back. She didn't say
    anything, but reached in and torn the tee-shirt off my back. I was left with
    just the short sleeves, and some of the collar left. My tits were now just
    hanging there, and just added to my sense of useless. What more could she
    do?   
&ldquo;Hope you are still thinking
    of your punishment&rdquo;, she half whispered into my face. &ldquo;meanwhile,
    I'm just going to get my new little video camera, and take some nice footage
    of you sitting there like the worthless piece of shit that you are. I have
    your address from the student card you had in your shorts, so I'm sending
    a nice little tape home for you&rdquo;   
My god, I thought. It still didn't
    really believe that I was in this situation, and thought it was just a matter
    of time till the police arrived. But the video camera brought on a horrible
    new angle. Even if the police arrived, my family would be now seeing what
    I was like. I'd imagined that they'd find out some details from the police,
    but I had decided to keep as much of this terrible ordeal to myself as I
    could. But now they were going to see their only daughter, locked in a cage,
    half naked, with a bloody face, gagged, shit coming out of the undies, and
    vomit everywhere. How could I ever see anyone again? The embarrassment and
    loss of dignity was just too much. And how were my family going to cope with
    the image. It would drive my dad out of his head. My younger sister would
    not even start to be able to understand.   
Only a day or so ago I'd been a
    happy, popular 20 year old uni student. I wasn't particularly attractive,
    and was a little bit on the &lsquo;cuddly' side, but I had no shortage of
    boys interested in me, and with my thin waist and nice although full breasts
    bring their attention. Now I was in a cage, half naked, half beaten, and
    with shit over me. Just what could anyone say?   
I just had a glazed look on my face
    as she shot footage, leaving after about 10 minutes. During the shooting,
    she gave a commentary to the camera, saying that I got into the situation
    by my own choice. She wove some bullshit story about me meeting her over
    the net, and coming to this by choice.   
THE PUNISHMENT   
&ldquo;Well, fuck-toy, what is the
    punishment to be&rdquo;. Kate had returned, and I was still in a mist of
    thought. The cattle prod came into my cage, and pressed against my left tit,
    with all the same reactions as before. A few minutes later, Kate asked again &ldquo;it's
    time to tell me your punishment, cunt&rdquo;   
As the burning subsided, I quickly
    tried to think of something to answer with. The only thing that I knew so
    far was that she had a cattle prod, and she wanted to use my cunt. But I
    just could &lsquo;ask' to have the prod struck into my pussy. Then I remembered
    the blood requirement, so I tried to say thru the gag that my punishment
    could be that Kate could bite my cunt lips, so hard that she drew blood.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andrew


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





