BDSM Library - Bootsie




Bootsie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is based on Dolcett's incredibly suggestive but otherwise unexplained, original and unique drawing, usually numbered Misc003. The idea was for the drawing to illustrate the central theme of the story. The drawing provided was coloured by Vindafarna at my request (email vindafarna at aol). This is an extraordinary, violent fantasy in which girls are cheerfully sacrificed to a friendly dragon. Dolcett's drawing gives clues from which I have created this story. The reader can decide whether the ideas in the story really fit the picture.Bootsie - &copy; Spitman, 27th October 1993 
The sun blazes down on the rock path as I lead Bootsie down to his feeding
  place. I am used to the heat, and my bare feet are hardened after weeks in
  the rocky desert. Bootsie is slurping as usual. He knows his food is waiting,
  and his enthusiasm is irrepressible. 
So far, Bootsie has behaved himself today. A mischievous dragon would be
  a handful for anyone, but I am nude and defenceless, so I am grateful that
  he is following me with at least an appearance of good humoured obedience.
  I have learned to stride confidently down the rocky path, but I know that my
  breasts will bounce far too much if I try to run. It is quite impossible to
  keep them under control when I am naked like this. All the same, there are
  compensations for being so generously endowed. I get plenty of attention from
  the male attendants. That makes the others jealous, but I know it is the only
  reason why I am still alive. I am really very lucky. I make sure to remind
  those overgrown boys of my sexuality, every chance I get. That keeps them good-humoured,
  but it is not enough for me any more. My appetite for sex has blossomed since
  I came here. 
One item that always gets their attention is the ring I wear in my pussy
  lip. I am sure it is eye-catching enough, even without the brightly polished
  gold flashing in the sun, but they cannot possibly imagine how it feels. Its
  movement conjures magical sensations from my clitoris, as if I have Aladdin's
  Lamp between my legs, and someone is rubbing it gently, making the genie come
  to life. If I run, it feels as if a full scale firework display is going off.
  A few paces is just about all I can take, of that. 
'Yeeaaaaaaah!' I yell, as a shocking pain explodes between my legs. 
Bootsie's long leathery tongue has flicked accurately upwards, with such
  force that it has lifted me off my feet. My legs kick wildly, and my toes reach
  unsuccessfully for the ground. I am outraged at the indignity of my helplessness.
  His leathery flesh curls up over my belly and holds me tight, while he samples
  the flavour of my dripping pussy. 
&quot;Put me down! Bad boy!&quot; I yell desperately as the rough flesh of
  his tongue rasps deep within my tender crevice. He is really just being playful,
  but I am terrified that he will not be able to stop. Usually he obeys me, if
  I shout at him loudly enough, but he is easily distracted when he is enjoying
  himself. I wriggle and kick as the fiery pain inflames my crotch, and I pant
  with anger at the frustration and indignity of it. When Bootsie finally lowers
  me back onto my feet, I cannot move for a long, painful moment. 
My swollen pussy is hot, inflamed. I cannot walk as if nothing has happened.
  But I know that I am lucky. I have seen his second tongue slice through the
  hide of an ox like butter, and his crocodile-like jaws and razor-sharp teeth
  are equally lethal. I have vivid memories of what he can do to a girl. He just
  stands there and grins at me, licking his lips to remind me that he is enjoying
  the forbidden taste of my pussy. Sometimes it seems as if he is intelligent.
  I feel as though he has rasped me between my legs with a rough leather coach
  whip. It is no way for a dragon to treat his Mistress. 
&quot;How dare you, Bootsie!&quot; I yell, turning to glare at him. I know
  my bare bottom is red, but that is nothing to the way my pussy lips feel. Bootsie
  just looks at me with a baleful innocence. There is no sign of the tongue he
  has just used on me with such disrespect, but I know he will do it again if
  he gets the chance. He enjoys catching me unawares. His favourite prize is
  a taste of my pussy. I wonder if he really thinks of anything other than food.
  I seriously doubt it. I am probably just as tasty as the girl who is destined
  to be his lunch today. But there is not much point in worrying. If he gets
  carried away with his game, there will be nothing I can do about it, before
  it is far too late to protest. 
I dare not wear anything to protect my soft flesh from the wicked serrations
  of his tongue, or his razor-sharp claws. Bootsie is easily provoked by anything
  that conceals a girl's flesh. I once watched him tear a girl's clothing to
  pieces. Her lovely body was soon covered in cuts. Once he had tasted her blood,
  there was nothing I could do to stop him. I certainly had no intention of taking
  her place. Her last moments were not a pretty sight. Even fully dressed, I
  daren't risk provoking him. Nipple rings provoke him even more, although the
  guardians like me to wear them while they take their pleasure with me. 
At least I can wear my pussy ring while I am leading him. It also makes a
  very useful distraction for Melvyn and Rufus. I know exactly what those wicked
  boys might get up to if they weren't transfixed by the way the bright gold
  circlet jiggles in the sunlight. I probably look as erotic and vulnerable as
  I feel, especially in the spike-studded leather collar that I am privileged
  to wear while I am working. At least it distinguishes me from the less fortunate
  girls around here. Somehow it manages to communicate that I am Bootsie's Mistress,
  but only as long as my own young Masters allow me to be. 
Bootsie likes his food tender, alive and of the gentler sex. Yes, he has
  a predilection for girls. That is not his fault. Bootsie was bred specially
  to dispose of unwanted girls. It is sad to live in a world where there are
  just too many of us. It is not a nice solution, and I try to forget that I
  am destined for exactly the same fate, sooner or later. I am lucky to be appreciated
  for my co-operative disposition, in the meantime. I let Melvyn and Rufus do
  almost anything they like to me, without a protest. Mostly it is fun, but I
  am not allowed to forget my position. The judicious and regular application
  of pain sees to that. The boys seem to enjoy inflicting pain just as much as
  taking their pleasure with me. I wonder if they realise how much I have changed.
  Once I was timid with the girls I had to prepare for Bootsie, but now I feel
  an exciting intimacy with his victims. I absorb their feelings of terror with
  every fibre of my being, and I try to make them share my pleasure. 
It was particularly upsetting at first, when I recognised Bootsie's next
  meal as a girl I had worked, played or even loved with, but then something
  extraordinary happened. My own body responded in sympathy while I distracted
  them with intimate caresses. Usually the girls are surprised that their bodies
  respond so easily to me. In no time I have them writhing, beautifully, totally
  overwhelmed with pleasure. I doubt if they are truly aware of anything that
  happens to them after that. 
Bootsie's chain is made from heavy, welded steel links. Its weight is supported
  mainly by his collar, so it is not too hard to lead him along. Most of the
  time he is quite docile. I cannot help the warmth of my feelings toward him,
  as we approach the clearing. 
'Aaaaaoooooh!' 
I gasp as that leathery tongue flicks casually, and a little more gently
  between my legs. My lips prickle, and I twitch uncontrollably. Bootsie slurps
  contentedly as if he has just won another major prize, but I am convulsed for
  a moment, as the heady spasms of pleasure bring a familiar weakness at the
  knees. 
There are several tall posts on the right side of the clearing, as thick
  as my thigh and about three metres high. A wriggling, nude girl is secured
  to one of those posts. When we get a little closer I recognise Kelly. She is
  a delightful nude. I remember her as a girl whose innocent beauty used to make
  me jealous. We shared the discovery of sexual games that girls can play, but
  that was a long time ago. Those crude experiments were exciting for two young
  girls, but she will be surprised at the things I have learned since then. 
On the far side of the clearing there is a large outcrop of rock, with several
  heavy rings and chains attached to it. On my left there are four shorter posts,
  each as thick as my arm. Two are about waist high, with smoothly rounded tops,
  but the other two make me shiver every time I see them. They are shoulder high,
  and their tops are sharpened to a point. Sometimes the boys mount a girl on
  one of those spikes. It is impossible to hold it, unless she keeps perfectly
  still. The idea is to make her wriggle as quickly as possible, so she doesn't
  get upset before she is nicely settled, with the spike right up inside her.
  It is so very easy, that it makes me feel peculiar inside, just thinking about
  it. 
Kelly's neck is noosed to the post. As usual, the noose is so tight around
  her neck that she can hardly breathe, let alone talk. It has hauled her up
  onto the tips of her toes, and it is fixed through a hole in the post that
  I cannot even reach. She cannot move enough to do herself any damage. Mighty
  Melvyn and Rampant Rufus have prepared her well. I doubt if she gave them any
  trouble. I have watched girls walk right up to the post and stand there, perfectly
  docile, and even laughing. I have even seen a girl cross her wrists behind
  her back, ready for binding. I don't know what they say to the girls, but it
  works every time. By the time the noose tightens round her pretty neck, and
  she is hauled up onto her toes, it is much too late for her to struggle. They
  can manage a girl without any of the tricks they have learned from me. 
Giant tears are trickling pathetically down Kelly's pretty cheeks. At least
  she knows what is going on. It is so embarrassing to have to explain. Her bursting
  nipples, and the glistening wetness in her slit show how aroused she is. Recognising
  me has probably got her even more excited. I am rather flattered. It will make
  everything so much easier. 
Kelly is such a lovely nude. Her wriggling moves all of the right bits, very
  prettily. I check the noose around her neck. She can barely breathe, and her
  protests are scarcely audible. There is no need for a gag to silence her screams.
  Her eyes appeal desperately as my fingers feel, stroke and caress her body.
  I remember the way we caressed each other all those years ago. It was much
  simpler then, my finger running softly through her slit as hers stroked mine.
  I remember how we liked to kiss each other. Now she has full, firm breasts
  surmounted with pretty pink nipples. I reach behind and check her wrists. They
  are bound with the usual cords, so tightly that I doubt if I could undo the
  knots. I explore the smooth roundness of her bottom cheeks. My fingers stray
  between them, teasing her slippery, swollen vulva. I curl a finger deliberately
  up into the liquid heat of her pussy. Her inner muscles ripple around my finger.
  I feel the smooth roundness of her cervix as I stroke my finger purposefully
  into her. Her inner flesh feels soft and resilient. 
I reach for her nipples with my other hand. They are tiny pink morsels of
  delight, but they swell quickly as I tweak them. Soon they are perfectly rigid.
  They will be such a treat for Bootsie. I run my hand down over her belly. My
  fingers explore the soft curls of her mound, teasing until her clitoris peeps
  out, pink and glistening. With a practised movement I pinch that slippery morsel
  hard between my fingers. She squirms violently. It is fun to be in control
  of her writhing body. I continue my practised movements until she is helpless
  to stop the spasms of pleasure that convulse her. I feel the tingling in my
  slit as I read the excitement in her eyes. It is almost a pity to stop. 
'Kelly, darling . . . be a sweetheart . . . try not to wiggle too much .
  . . it gives Bootsie indigestion,' I tell her. (SEE Dolcett MISC003 Drawing) 
I doubt if she is listening, but it is worth a try. She owes me at least
  that much. In the state she is in, I doubt if she will feel very much anyway.
  The least she can do is help me to keep him in a good temper. If I am lucky
  it might quieten her a little. 
I give Kelly a last, friendly tweak. My fingers are dripping as I step away
  from her quivering body. Everything is in order. Bootsie flicks out his tongue,
  and licks her pussy with an innocent playfulness, slurping noisily. This is
  not a good time to get in his way. I must secure his chain before he gets too
  involved. I want to stay safely out of range, while I begin to tidy things
  up around here. 
It was Kim's turn yesterday. She was a honey. After I prepared her Melvyn
  inserted sharp liquorice slivers through her piercings. I could hardly control
  myself when I saw what an erotic picture she made, like that. Even Bootsie
  got excited over her. 
As I turn away with the end of Bootsie's chain, I notice that Melvyn and
  Rufus have come to help me. They seem to have forgotten Kelly completely. In
  fact, they seem quite fascinated by my pussy ring, when they can drag their
  eyes away from my breasts long enough to notice the rest of me. Most men find
  my nipples irresistible, even under thick clothing, and when I get excited
  they stick out beautifully. They feel pretty good too. It is nice to be appreciated.
  As I step forward, the movement of my pussy ring is so exciting that I cannot
  help gasping at the magical sensations it conjures between my legs. I feel
  the pleasure growing, making me squirm beautifully as I step closer to the
  boys. 
Melvyn and Rufus are young, muscular boys, who can handle the most difficult
  slave, and it is exciting to know how effortlessly they can persuade my body
  to respond to their advances, but they are on their best behaviour, as I step
  jauntily towards them. 
My breasts swing heavily as I lean forward to bolt Bootsie's chain to the
  rock. Melvyn and Rufus are on either side, reaching out to help. Fingers stray
  between my legs. I let them move my knees a little further apart. I am amused.
  They are so predictable, but it is harmless enough to let them play with me.
  My breasts hang heavily down, and Rufus is busy teasing my enormous nipples.
  Melvyn is not helping with the chain. I think he is getting mixed up with other
  chains, that are already shackled to the rock. Their playful stroking is pleasantly
  distracting. Rufus produces heavy golden rings, and inserts them carefully
  into my nipple piercings. I love the way the weight of the rings stretches
  my nipples. I wonder if they will let me wear them all the way back to the
  camp! 
Their teasing is delicious. My pussy lips are nicely slippery and swollen,
  and my ring is tugging at me. It feels strangely heavy. Their hands are in
  the way, so I can't see what they are doing, but it feels wonderful. If they
  keep this up I will have an orgasm before I can fix this blasted shackle. I
  know they are doing it on purpose. Their gentle stroking right by my clitoris
  is making me squirm. I can't stand it much longer. Distracting, disturbing
  images keep springing to mind, that have nothing to do with the way they are
  teasing me, poignant visions of girls at that awful moment when they know that
  the unthinkable is actually going to happen, their eyes big with surprise. 
Over the past few months I have learned incredible things about female physiology.
  I have discovered that I can bring any girl to an orgasm in seconds. All it
  takes is a quick caress in exactly the right place, and a few very special
  words. I enjoyed passing on that particular technique to the boys. It was exciting
  when they tried it on an unsuspecting girl, right in front of me. They soon
  got the idea. After that I taught them other ways to control a girl. Pleasure
  is insidious. Girls just naturally succumb to it, without a thought of resistance.
  It overcomes the will. I don't care that they can easily use the same tricks
  on me. Pleasure and excitement are all I dare to live for. If a girl has to
  be controlled, it ought to be done properly. In their place I would not go
  easily, if I was given any choice. I feel reassured that at least they can
  make it easy for a girl now. It is much kinder if she is guided towards the
  inevitable, without even the temptation to be difficult. That way it all seems
  like a dream, until it is much too late for her feelings to matter. If I am
  lucky, they will take me by surprise one day, and then they will control me
  beautifully. 
Their caresses are making it difficult for me to finish fixing Bootsie's
  chain. I love it when male fingers touch me like that, caressing me delicately,
  insistently until I am ready to explode with sensation. I am on the edge of
  an orgasm, but they are not letting me go. I want desperately to be fucked,
  but all they let me feel is the gentle intrusion of a finger into my engorged
  vulva, while they watch me struggle with Bootsie's shackle. They must be having
  a visual treat while I am kneeling like this, with my legs wide apart, and
  my cunt looking ready to be screwed. One more turn of the bolt. My nipple rings
  swing heavily as I make the extra effort. That's it! At last. 
I feel relief as I straighten up at last. I turn and smile at the boys. They
  look as if they are waiting for something. Of course. I feel distinctly unsteady
  as I get to my feet. There seems to be something awkward getting in the way.
  I feel a persistent pull at my pussy ring, and there is something cold and
  hard between my legs. I look down. A heavy metal chain, as thick as my finger,
  hangs from my pussy ring. It runs down to the ground and over to one of those
  heavy shackles, embedded deep in the rock. An orgasm hits me like a wall. It
  is shattering to discover how easily they have tricked me. I explore desperately
  with my fingers but I cannot work out how they have linked the chain to my
  pussy ring. There is no easy way to unfasten it from my ring, and even if I
  managed to undo it from the rock, I know I would never get away from them,
  with that chain trailing behind me. 
I am filled with an awful excitement. This is not one of their usual games.
  The boys are obviously fascinated by my predicament. I am not surprised. I
  am a pretty nude, and I am chained to a rock by my pussy lip. That is enough
  to fascinate any man, let alone that pair of incorrigible rogues. My vulva
  throbs fiercely. I am tingling all over. I back away as they come closer, careless
  of the direction I am going in. It hurts my pussy lip when I drag the chain,
  but luckily my ring is thick enough to hold without tearing my lip. Soon the
  chain is taut. It brings me to a halt very effectively. The boys approve. Now
  the links run straight towards me from the rock, and then up to my pussy ring.
  The boys are on either side of the chain, and I have nowhere to go. They don't
  seem in any hurry. 
They have tethered me just like an animal. That is a terrible thing to do
  to a nude girl. If I don't keep still, that chain will set off an explosion
  in my pussy. I would rather have a nice stiff cock thrusting deep inside me.
  I fidget uncomfortably. 
'Damn you . . . You can't do this to me . . . . What if Bootsie sees me?' 
I stop for a moment, and laugh nervously. Perhaps it is a mistake to protest
  too much. 
'I do love it, really. It feels super, but will you please take it off me
  now?' I hold the chain up as I plead with them. 'I can't get it off by myself.' 
'I know,' Melvyn answers me, with a wicked grin. 'That's the whole idea.' 
'But it makes me feel . . . . It reminds me . . . . It's horrible. Please
  undo it!' 
Melvyn takes the chain from my hand. Rufus has stepped in close behind me.
  Melvyn cannot resist giving the chain a sharp jerk. Before I can stop myself
  I am flying towards him, completely off balance. I reach out to save myself
  from falling. Rufus catches me, holding my wrists securely in his meaty hands.
  No sooner have I caught my breath than I realise that he is pressing them together.
  His grip is like iron as he binds my crossed wrists tightly behind my back.
  I can barely wiggle my fingers. 
'Yeeeooow! Melvyn! That hurt!' 
The pig had given the chain another vicious jerk that threatened to tear
  it loose from me. I am sure he has torn my pussy lip. He kneels in front of
  me, and I part my legs as he examines my pussy. He takes his time. He is obviously
  enjoying himself. 
'Don't worry, there isn't any damage!' 
'Please be careful, Melvyn!' I plead, but he has other ideas. 
Kneeling in front of me, he has a perfect view up into my slit. I smile encouragingly.
  He grips my ankles, and parts my legs a little wider. I am beginning to feel
  wonderfully faint with excitement. Rufus is still behind me, but he has stepped
  back a few paces. That should be a warning, but I am too distracted to care. 
'Snnnniccccck!' The sound is terribly familiar. 
'Aaaaaaaah!' 
I yell as the upward flick of his leather whip inflames my tender slit, from
  the crack between my bottom cheeks to the very top of my slit, but it is far
  too late to protest. 
Instinctively I have closed my legs, to protect my tender slit. Melvyn grips
  my ankles and effortlessly spreads them wide again. Suddenly I know what he
  is up to. He caresses me swiftly, expertly, just as I taught him. I know it
  is impossible to resist. As he whispers those secretly provocative words my
  clitoris opens like a flower. 
Pleasure tears through me. It shatters me like an explosion. I am helpless,
  drained of energy. My consciousness is overwhelmed with sensation. My knees
  are trembling, and those heavy nipple rings jerk painfully at my engorged teats
  every time I move. My whole body shakes so violently that I am oblivious of
  my surroundings. Distantly I am aware that I am being lifted with my thighs
  spread apart. Something round presses against my vulva. It feels rather pleasant.
  They have mounted me on one of those rounded posts. They release me. I try
  to grip the slippery shaft with my ankles. The rounded top of the post is pressing
  hard into the soft hollow of my pussy. I have seen this done many times before.
  At least these rounded posts don't cause any damage, but it is impossible for
  a girl to get off one of them by herself. I am absolutely helpless. 
'Now how does that feel, my dear?' 
'Oooooh! Melvyn!' I am trembling violently. 'Please let me down! Don't do
  this to me!' 
I know I am completely at their mercy. That rounded tip is slippery with
  my juices. If I relax my muscles for a second, it will slide quickly into me.
  They are letting me enjoy a moment of anticipation, but I know exactly what
  they are going to do next. 
Melvyn's hand reaches between my legs. I have an awful premonition as his
  fingers reach the perfect magical place, just as I taught him. My legs are
  suddenly kicking and the slippery shaft has already pushed a little further
  into my vulva, it is sliding quickly deeper and I am settling onto it before
  I can control my spasming muscles. My toes reach the ground. I must have taken
  twelve inches of that thing, at least. I am stuffed with it. I can barely move.
  In fact, I am actually very pleased with him, but I have to protest. 
'Melvyn, please get me off this thing, I can't move!' 
I knew immediately that it was a silly thing to say. There are lots of ways
  to make a girl wriggle on one of these posts, and all of them give her orgasms.
  Melvyn is smiling at me and I know exactly what Rufus is up to. 
'Oh, yes you can!' Melvyn answers, laughing. 
'Ssssssshicccck! 
'Aaaaaaah!' 
I scream as the lash curls round the tender cheeks of my bottom, leaving
  a fiery trail. I writhe violently as the strokes continue. Pleasure explodes
  through me in a continuous series of orgasms that seem as if they will never
  stop. The more I wriggle, the more I feel the delicious touch of the slippery
  shaft against my incredibly inflamed clitoris. Melvyn is forgotten until he
  presses a large ball into my mouth. I cannot control my excitement as I recognise
  the flavour. Aniseed is Bootsie's favourite. Straps hold it tightly in place.
  Rufus is fixing some kind of noose around my neck. It runs down behind to my
  wrists. As he tightens the rope it pulls my wrists up high behind my back.
  I can hardly breathe. 
Melvyn reaches into his pouch. He removes the heavy rings from my pierced
  nipples and inserts sharpened slivers of liquorice. I protest silently. I know
  what is coming next. His fingers manipulate my clitoris until it is terribly
  exposed. I tremble helplessly as he pierces its throbbing tip with a third
  tasty sliver. It hurts terribly. I try to yell, but I can manage only a stifled
  moan. I stare imploringly at Melvyn and Rufus, as they examine me with a casual
  nonchalance. 
'Be brave, darling,' Rufus offers cheerfully, as the tears run down my cheeks. 
'You know, it doesn't do to have a dragon getting quite so friendly with
  his keeper, and it's Bootsie's birthday today. I will miss you terribly, but
  we must set an example to the other slaves.' 
Firm male hands run over my straining body as they check their work. But
  they find nothing amiss. I am a secure, helpless treat for the lucky Bootsie.
  Fingers explore where they can bring only pleasure. I try desperately to keep
  still, but the pleasant tingling is growing again. My body responds unbidden
  to their persistent teasing, and a delicious excitement is beginning to overtake
  me. I cannot believe that this is really happening to me. I know why I am gagged.
  Bootsie knows my voice, and he cannot hear me now. All he will see is a tasty
  treat served up just the way he likes it, and I ought to know. 
I am tingling, excited beyond belief. The noose has tightened even more.
  My breath is rasping. There is an impossible heat between my legs, as my impaled
  clitoris throbs teribly. If I manage to keep still he might not see me, but
  my juices are flooding from me and I know Bootsie can smell a dripping pussy
  for over a mile. My only chance is to try not to catch his attention, but I
  know I can't keep still for long. No girl can avoid having orgasm after orgasm
  in a position like this. Our responses are too damned predictable. 
The weight of the chain tugs mercilessly at my pussy. I am helpless with
  that thing stuck up me, but they are taking no chances. Even if Bootsie lifts
  me off the post I am not going anywhere. That chain will keep me within reach
  of him without any trouble. This is going to be an awful ordeal. I will probably
  be conscious until he has almost finished with me. I have watched him deal
  with girls prepared just like this many, many times. It usually starts with
  a delicate snap at her temptingly exposed nipples, or a greedy munch at her
  quivering buttocks and breasts. After that he continues by ripping her apart
  limb by lovely limb. I cannot help squirming in a sudden panic. He is bound
  to notice me as soon as he has finished with Kelly. I cannot even see Melvyn
  and Rufus any more. 
The trouble is, I have come to enjoy watching Bootsie feed. I am a connoisseur
  of his technique, and the subtleties are especially apparent when his prey
  is served up on one of these rounded posts. I have often climaxed while I tried
  to imagine how it felt, but now I will find out how it really feels. Knowing
  what is coming will probably make it worse. I just wish all this was not so
  terribly final. It would obviously defeat the object if the girls could be
  reconstructed after he has finished, and there are obvious practical difficulties,
  but it seems such a waste to go through all this and not be able to say how
  it felt. 
Melvyn and Rufus have often tried out their ideas on me. Most of us girls
  are pierced, but we don't wear rings all the time. One of their inventions
  was long sharpened wooden slivers that are particularly exciting to wear all
  day. They easily touch things, or even catch on things. A girl with a sliver
  like that through her clitoris has to be careful how she sits down. Sleeping
  is virtually impossible. Melvyn and Rufus have a collection of those slivers.
  They all have specially designed locking pins, so we can't remove them by ourselves.
  They are far too exciting to wear, unless my wrists are securely cuffed behind
  my back, or to my collar or belt. The urge to play with them is irresistible,
  otherwise. Surprisingly, these liquorice ones feel exactly the same. I suppose
  those wooden slivers were just an excuse to make sure all the girls were suitably
  pierced. After I saw what they did with those liquorice slivers, it was even
  more exciting to wear the wooden ones, and they look as sensational as they
  feel. 
I have spent a lot of time with Melvyn and Rufus. I never complained if they
  tried out their tricks on me. After all, I was a girl just like any of the
  others. They loved taking me by surprise, and I liked it too. I think we made
  a great team. I suppose they have found a newer girl to replace me. I wonder
  what she is like. 
My thoughts are interrupted as his jaws crunch on some delectable part of
  Kelly. The awful sound does something to me. I explode in a wild convulsion
  of pleasure. I am totally helpless with this rigid post up my cunt. My noisy
  spasms disturb Bootsie. He turns and studies my wriggling body for a moment
  with his baleful eyes, and then returns his attention to Kelly. I am not going
  anywhere. He can take his time. My tears fall quietly down my cheeks. There
  is nothing I can do but wait. Nothing at all. 


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





