BDSM Library - Jennifer Pays for Porn




Jennifer Pays for Porn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Co-worker is punished for downloading porn onto her work computer.Jennifer was an older woman that worked in my office. She was not the most beautiful
  woman in the office, but for some reason, she seemed to me to be incredibly
  sexy. She had a lovely face offset by brown wavy hair. She had a nice chest,
  I would guess 36C and a sexy, somewhat large ass. She always dressed to impress
  without looking slutty. I liked it best when she wore tight slacks. This allowed
  me to watch her ass jiggle as she walked. 
One Friday, we were in a meeting and she mentioned to me that she would have
  to come into the office on Saturday to get some things finished up. I asked
  her why she didn't just dial-in from home. 
&ldquo;I have not been able to get my computer at home to connect to the
  network at the office. It was working for a while then just stopped. I have
  spent hours on the phone with technical support and just can't get it to work,&rdquo; she
  said. Our company gave employees above a certain level computers for their
  home to improve efficiency. 
&ldquo;I can help you,&rdquo; I replied before thinking. 
&ldquo;Oh, I couldn't ask you to do that on a Saturday,&rdquo; she said with
  a sweet smile. 
&ldquo;You didn't ask, I offered. I really don't mind.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;I will tell you what. If you come by and set up my computer, I will
  make you dinner,&rdquo; she stated. 
&ldquo;Deal! It won't take more that an hour to get you set up,&rdquo; I
  replied. 
&ldquo;Good. Why don't you come over around 5:00.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;I'll be there!&rdquo; 
Saturday afternoon after taking a hot shower, I dressed in my black leather
  pants and black silk shirt with black boots. If she commented on my clothes,
  I would say I was planning on going to a club after dinner, which was true.
  There was a new BDSM club in town that I wanted to check out. 
At precisely 5:00, I rang the bell to her house briefcase in hand. The briefcase
  contained the cables and software I might need along with a few choice toys
  I was hoping to try out at the club that evening. I got hard immediately when
  she opened the door. She was wearing a low cut, tight tee shirt and tight white
  linen pants. I could clearly see her lacy bra underneath her shirt. To complete
  the outfit, she was wearing sandals with 4&rdquo; heels. Maybe I wasn't the
  only one who planned more action for that evening. 
Once I was inside and the door closed, she looked at me and said, &ldquo;Wow,
  you look great. Is this what you always wear to fix computers?&rdquo; she asked
  with a grin. 
&ldquo;No. I was planning on going to a club later,&rdquo; I replied. 
&ldquo;Ummm. Well, the computer is this way,&rdquo; she replied. 
She turned and led me through to a small study in the back of the house.
  I was in heaven watching her sexy ass sway and wiggle under her tight pants.
  Either she wasn't wearing panties or they were thongs because her ass moved
  unencumbered. By the time she pointed out the computer, I was fully erect. 
&ldquo;Here it is,&rdquo; she stated as she stared at my crotch. 
&ldquo;I am going to finish dinner. Give me a shout if you need anything.&rdquo; 
It was my turn to stare as her magnificent ass swayed away. Oh, what I would
  give to have her over my knee to give that sweet ass a long, hard spanking.
  Well, back to the task at hand. 
I turned on her computer and spent several minutes diagnosing the problem.
  I finally realized the problem was that her hard drive was full which surprised
  me as it held 8 gigabytes. What was on this thing that was taking up so much
  space. I loaded up a utility program that lists all the files sorted by size.
  I found a subdirectory with hundreds and hundreds of files with file types
  of wmv, rm and the telltale jpg. Jennifer had lots and lots of video clips
  and photos on her computer. Some had intriguing names like punished.wmv and
  twinsintrouble.rm. When I tried to open some of the files, I found they were
  password protected. Well, this would not do at all. I went in search of the
  kitchen. 
As I entered, Jennifer was bending over getting something out of a cabinet
  giving me another incredible view of her sumptuous ass. As she stood and turn
  around, she jumped, startled. 
&ldquo;Oh, Peter, you scared me,&rdquo; she said. 
Deciding to go for broke, I said, &ldquo;Jennifer, you have been very naughty.
  Downloading videos and photos from the internet onto the company's computer.
  They have taken up all the space on your hard drive and there is no space left
  for the computer to swap pages.&rdquo; 
She turned bright red and looked away from me and mumbled, &ldquo;I thought
  that might have been the problem.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;We need to delete some of them in order to get access to the network
  at work,&rdquo; I replied. 
Still very red, she said, &ldquo;OK, delete whatever you need.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;I will need your password to delete them,&rdquo; I said trying to
  act nonchalant. 
&ldquo;Oh, well maybe we should just forget about it for now,&rdquo; she
  said in a panicky voice. 
&ldquo;No! I came all the way over here to fix your computer and that is
  what I am going to do. Now, if you don't want to give me your password, then
  come with me so we can delete some of the files.&rdquo; 
I noticed her eyes focused on her feet. 
&ldquo;OK Peter, I will be right there,&rdquo; she replied meekly. 
I waited as she finished filling up a pot with water and placed it on the
  stove. 
Then she walked past me into the study, me following behind. She stood next
  to the computer so I sat down. 
&ldquo;What do you want to delete?&rdquo; I asked. 
Silence. 
I picked out a particularly obvious file called otk.jpg. 
&ldquo;How about this one?&rdquo; I asked. 
She turned red again. &ldquo;Well, maybe I should just delete some!&rdquo; she
  replied. 
&ldquo;I think we should look at this one,&rdquo; I replied in a stern voice. &ldquo;What
  is the password?&rdquo; 
She looked at me briefly then diverted her eyes back to the floor without
  replying. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, what is the password to these files?&rdquo; I asked again
  in a more commanding tone. 
&ldquo;Oh Peter, please just let me delete them,&rdquo; she whined trying
  one last time to get her way. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, you asked me here to fix your computer. To do that, I need
  to delete some of these files. I can't delete them until I know what they are.
  Now, what is the password?&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Jennybrat,&rdquo; she mumbled. 
&ldquo;What was that?&rdquo; I asked even though I had heard her. 
She looked me in the eye, face red as a beet and replied, &ldquo;Jennybrat.&rdquo; 
I typed the password in and up popped a picture of a naked woman lying over
  the knee of man receiving a hard spanking. After looking at the photo for a
  couple of minutes, I looked at Jennifer. 
&ldquo;This is disgusting. No wonder you could not get the system running,
  you've got it full of pornography. You deserve to be punished just like this
  woman,&rdquo; I said pointing at the screen. 
She didn't say anything; just continued to try to bore a hole in the floor
  with her eyes. 
I click to the file entitled punished.wmv. After correctly entering the password,
  a screen popped up with Window Media Player. Soon a video began which depicted
  a woman dressed like a slut tied standing spread-eagle. After her clothes were
  quickly cut from her body with a knife, a man proceeded to whip her large tits. 
&ldquo;Please stop,&rdquo; Jennifer pleaded. 
I stopped the video clip. 
&ldquo;Is the entire hard drive filled with files like these?&rdquo; I queried. 
After a couple seconds hesitation, she said softly, &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Jennifer, you do know that loading porn on company PC's is against
  corporate policy and will get you dismissed,&rdquo; I stated. 
She didn't answer. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, I asked you a question. Were you aware of the policy?&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; she said softly. 
After a few minutes of silence, I said, &ldquo;I will need to confiscate
  your computer and bring it to Human Resources on Monday!&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Oh no, Peter, please. Can't you just let me delete the files and forget
  about it.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;I am afraid it is not that simple, Jennifer. You may inadvertently
  have loaded some of these files onto the company network. We will need to do
  a complete inventory of your files and check them against the files on the
  network. That is going to take many hours.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Please Peter, isn't there another way we can handle this? I don't
  want to lose my job,&rdquo; she cried. 
&ldquo;Well Jennifer, you need to be punished somehow for this mess!&rdquo; I
  replied. 
After a brief hesitation, she replied, &ldquo;You punish me. I will do whatever
  you want if you don't tell anyone.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Well, maybe we can work something out Jennifer. First I am going to
  give you the long, hard spanking you have wanted for so long. Then we can talk
  about a full arrangement.&rdquo; 
No words came out of her mouth but her body spoke volumes. Her nipples suddenly
  got rock hard and showed through her tight tee shirt right through her bra. 
&ldquo;You have been waiting for a man like me to take you over my knee and
  spank that big ass of yours like a naughty girl, haven't you?&rdquo; I asked. 
She just continued to look at the floor. 
I stood up and grabbed her hair and pulled her head back until she was looking
  in my eyes. 
&ldquo;I asked you a question Jennifer!&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; she said testily. 
&ldquo;Yes what?&rdquo; I asked. 
&ldquo;Yes, I have been waiting for someone to spank me,&rdquo; she replied. &ldquo;I
  can't believe it is finally going to happen after all these years of fantasizing.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;I thought so. Now beg me!&rdquo; I commanded. 
&ldquo;What?&rdquo; she asked. 
&ldquo;Get down on your knees and beg me to spank you!&rdquo; I said letting
  go of her hair. 
With only a seconds hesitation, she dropped to her knees. 
&ldquo;Peter, please give me a spanking. I have been a very naughty girl
  and deserve to be severely punished.&rdquo; 
&ldquo;Alright Jennybrat. Stand up and remove your shirt,&rdquo; I commanded. 
She immediately stood up and pulled the tee shirt over her head. 
I stared at her bra encased tits with hard nipples. 
&ldquo;Oh, those are beautiful. I am going to enjoy punishing them in the
  very near future. But now it is time for your spanking. Come here and lie over
  my knee!&rdquo; 
She walked over and lay across my lap. She moaned as her pussy slid over
  my erection. 
&ldquo;Maybe if you take your punishment like a good girl, I will let you
  have that later,&rdquo; I said and laughed. Then I turned my attention to that
  wonderful, full ass. I caressed and squeezed her cheeks savoring every minute.
  I slipped my hand down between her legs and discovered her pants were soaked
  through. She moaned louder as I fingered her slit. 
I removed my hand and brought it down hard on her ass SWAT. It jiggled and
  she moaned. I brought my hand down again. 
&ldquo;Agggghhh,&rdquo; she moaned. 
I gave her several more swats to each cheek. Then I caressed and rubbed her
  ample butt. I decided to experiment. First I landed ten swats on the meaty
  part of each cheek. Then I landed ten on the backs of her thighs. However,
  by far the most effective technique based on her moans was bringing my hand
  in nearly horizontally and slapping the area where the leg meets the ass. After
  ten of these on each cheek, she was moaning loudly and wiggling on my lap.
  It was clear she was beginning to feel the pain and it was also clear that
  she was extremely aroused. 
I decided it was time to up the ante. After rubbing her clearly sore butt
  for a bit, I said, &ldquo;Alright Jennifer, I want you to stand up and remove
  your pants.&rdquo; 
She slowly slid off my lap and stood up. Her nipples were so hard I thought
  they were going to push right through her bra. She turned her back to me and
  I heard her unbutton and unzip her pants. She placed her thumbs on each side
  of her waist and slowly work her pants over her hips, swaying them back and
  forth as she did. Then I was starring at her wonderful ass. As I suspected,
  the slut wasn't wearing panties. Her ass was slightly red from the punishment
  it had already received. She stepped out of her pants and bent down and picked
  them up. I thought I was going to cum right then and there! 
She tossed the pants onto a chair and turned around to face me. Curiously,
  she brought her hands down to cover her pussy. I was not going to allow that. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, put your hands at your sides and spread you legs,&rdquo; I
  commanded. 
Her face turned as red as her butt as she complied with my command. I was
  staring at an extremely hairy pussy. 
&ldquo;Come closer,&rdquo; I said. 
She shuffled closer. I reached out and fingered her incredibly wet cunt.
  Quickly, I found her clit and massaged it. Within seconds I could feel her
  orgasm building. I looked up and her eyes were closed and she was breathing
  hard. Just as she was about to cum, I pulled my hand back. She groaned and
  her eyes shot open, giving me a pleading look. 
&ldquo;Not yet, slut,&rdquo; I said. &ldquo;You still have a lot more punishment
  before the pleasure.&rdquo; 
She didn't say anything, just looked at the floor. 
&ldquo;I think you should remove your bra before you come back over my knee,&rdquo; I
  said. I couldn't wait any longer to see those luscious tits. 
She reached behind her and undid the clasp. Slowly as if in slow motion,
  she slid the garment off her shoulders and down her arms. She tossed it onto
  the chair with her pants and started to lay over my lap. 
&ldquo;No. Stand up, place your hands behind you head and spread your legs.
  I want to get a better look that sexy body of yours.&rdquo; 
Again, she blushed deeply but complied. Her breasts were creamy white in
  comparison most of the rest of her body which was very tan. They had a little
  sag and dark brown areoles topped with very hard, pink nipples. 
I stood up and went behind her. I brought both hands around her and cupped
  her heavy tits. As I caressed them, she began to moan again and push her ass
  back onto my hard shaft. I took her nipples between my thumb and forefingers
  and rolled them. She moaned louder and arched her back. I increased the pressure
  until I was pinching her nipples. She groaned and I felt a shutter run through
  her body. The horny slut had a small orgasm while I was pinched her nipples.
  I released her and returned to my seat. As I looked at her, I noticed that
  there was a steady flow from her cunt down her leg. 
&ldquo;Alright Jennifer, lay over my knee again.&rdquo; 
Once she was back in place, I resumed the spanking without ceremony. I spanked
  her hard and quick for several minutes covering every part of her ass and thighs.
  Then I resumed my assault on her most sensitive area just above the leg. Without
  warning, stronger spasms shook her entire body as she had another orgasm. The
  harder I spanked her, the stronger her orgasm got. 
Finally, I had to stop because my hand hurt and felt like it was on fire.
  I was also getting to the point where I needed some relief. But I wasn't quite
  done punishing her ass. I rubbed her red ass while she regained her composure. 
&ldquo;Stand up, Jennifer,&rdquo; I commanded. 
Again, she slowly slid off my lap. 
&ldquo;Now, I want you to go into the dining room and wait for me,&rdquo; I
  said. 
After she left the room, I opened my briefcase and removed a small whip with
  four leather thongs and a riding crop. I followed her into the dining room
  hiding my toys behind my back. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, I want you to stand in front of the table, spread your legs
  wide and bend over.&rdquo; 
She looked back at me with concern on her face and lust in her eyes. Then
  she did as ordered. I must say, the view was incredible. Her red ass was sticking
  out and her hot, swollen cunt was perfectly displayed. I placed the crop next
  to her on the table where she could she it. 
Then I put my left hand on the small of her back and pushed her down on the
  table until her big tits were pushing out on the side. 
I stood back and brought the whip down hard on her vulnerable ass. She screamed.
  Again and again I whipped her ass. She moved her hips in a futile attempt to
  avoid the lashes. Every third or forth stroke, I would strike so the very end
  of the thongs would curl around and catch her swollen pussy lips. On those
  occasions, she would let out a loud groan and try to stick her ass out further
  to expose her cunt. 
Finally, I dropped my arm down and brought the whip up between her legs.
  She screamed and her body began to shake again. Over and over I whipped her
  inflamed cunt and her orgasm got stronger and stronger. I stopped when my arm
  got tired and she collapsed onto the floor. 
I picked her up in my arms and carried her into the living room and placed
  her on the couch. I went into the kitchen to freshen up the drinks and returned
  to the living room. She regained her composure and sucked down the drink. 
&ldquo;Jennifer, now I need some relief. Get up and lay over the arm of the
  couch,&rdquo; I ordered. 
In her sex-induced dazed, she complied. I quickly stripped and moved behind
  her. I slid my cock into her slippery cunt and within a minute exploded in
  an incredible orgasm. 
After I recovered, I said, &ldquo;Jennifer, I believe you promised me dinner.&rdquo; 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bondmaster


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





