BDSM Library - Michelle's Visit to the Clinic




Michelle's Visit to the Clinic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Michelle love/hates erotic enema sessions but is tired of doing it on her own. She needs and wants help with her sessions. She thinks she has found the right place. She also has fantasies of going a much further. This is an ongoing ENEMA story of Michelle's slippery slide.Michelle's Visits to the Clinic 
Chapter I  
The cab stopped in front of the large brownstone building and Michelle got
  out and paid the driver. She walked up 6 steep steps and rang the bell. As
  she stood waiting, the snow and wind blew in her face. For a brief moment Michelle
  turned and considered getting back in the cab and going back to her hotel.
  No, this time she would do it. This was the time she had been waiting for.
  She had a three-day lay over in Chicago and she did not have any other fellow
  workers to worry about checking up on her. This was a service and she had nothing
  to worry about. She was not going to go back to the hotel and do it by herself,
  she wanted and needed someone else, maybe even two or three people to be there,
  doing it, guiding her, encouraging her, forcing her. Yes, today she was not
  turning back.  
Very pretty young women opened the door and invited her in. &quot;I am Amanda
  and I will be working with you today.&quot; As Amanda closed the door she commented
  on the weather. Seems as if we are in for a pretty severe snowstorm this afternoon.
  The entrance way was warm and nicely decorated. Michelle felt good as Amanda
  took her by the hand and walked her down a long dark hallway. They passed many
  closed doors. Some of them had signs on them and some of them were blank. Michelle
  read one of the signs; she swallowed hard as she saw the words &quot;Punishment&quot; in
  small dark letters. We will be using the last room on the right. Here we go.  
As Michelle entered the room she thought about the events that lead up to
  this moment. She saw the ad in one of Chicago's alternative newspapers. It
  seemed perfect for her. They made no bones about it. Enemas were their specialty.
  It took some doing to find all of this out, but she appreciated that. The ad
  in the paper was very discrete. It wasn't until they called her back a few
  days later that she realized she might be on to something. &quot;Yes we do
  enemas. Yes, but do you do clinical enemas or do you have a specialty. Well
  we do clinical/medical setting type enemas. We also do erotic enema sessions.
  However we do have another specialty that you may be more interested in.&quot; Michelle
  held her breath as she heard the soft but firm voice on the other end of the
  phone. She was afraid to come out and ask. Maybe she would volunteer the information
  that Michelle so badly wanted to hear. In a deeper voice, the women went on
  to explain, &ldquo;Sometimes our clients need some additional discipline. A
  bit more than just an erotic experience, if you know what I mean&rdquo; The
  voice on the other end of the phone paused.  
As the two women entered the room Amanda dropped Michelle's hand. Michelle
  gasped as she saw the contents of the room. Amanda a tall women, wearing black
  knee high boots put her hands on her hips. Strip, and stand next to the cross.
  When you are done. I want your clothes folded neatly and left in the corner,
  you won't need them anytime soon. Amanda stood there, hands still on hips waiting
  for Michelle to strip. Michelle looked down at the floor and slowly began to
  disrobe. When she was finished she left the clothes in a neat pile and Amanda
  picked them up, left the room and closed the door.  
As the naked Michelle stood there shivering, her thoughts again turned to
  how she got there.  
Chapter II 
It had been thirteen days since Michelle's first treatment at the clinic.
  It had been a long thirteen days, more than once Michelle was tempted to call
  the clinic for another appointment. Day and night she thought and had dreams
  about her next visit at the clinic. The day she left, totally drained of energy
  and more physically exhausted than she could ever remember, the last words
  to her was to wait at least two weeks before her next appointment. Michelle
  was so emotionally spent the words the pretty receptionist repeated twice to
  her did not register until a few days later. 
Michelle had been quite busy those two weeks, however kept looking at her
  colander trying to schedule in the right amount of time at the clinic. They
  told her she would have to be there at least three days for the proper treatment. 
Michelle finally worked out in her mind the days she would be off from work.
  The time period that would work for her. She still hesitated. She wanted so
  much to call, however there was one thing holding her back. One of the rules
  of the clinic. Whenever a client called to make an appointment she had to indicate
  the level of treatment she wanted. Michelle knew she had a few choices and
  that was the problem. All of the choices seemed so enticing. She read and re-read
  the sheet that would be picked up by the courier. 1. Strangely Erotic 2.Kinky
  and intense. 3. Punishment 4. Very Intense and strenuous 5. Clinic's Choice. 
She had gone with choice 4 at her first session and was pleased beyond her
  wildest dreams. However she was so curious about the others. She did not want
  to miss something that the other sessions may have offered. 
She thought she would call to see if she could schedule an appointment starting
  the next day. Michelle had the next three days off and that would be perfect.
  She could schedule the appointment and than call for the courier and that would
  give her more time in which to make up her mind in regard to the type of session. 
Michelle picked up the phone and dialed, she was a nervous wreck. She was
  so excited, she could not wait for tomorrow. She waited her two weeks and she
  would be back at the clinic. Michelle would be getting what she wanted more
  than anything. Than disaster stuck. Michelle turned numb. That awful feeling
  in the pit of her stomach was there and it would not go away. &quot;The number
  you have dialed 317-555-1212 has been temporarily disconnected, please check
  the listing and try your call again.&quot; 
Michelle was in shock. They can't do this to me. I finally found the right
  place, the perfect place, no, no, they can't. Her first thoughts were to go
  there, but she would not be back in town till later that day. Well she would
  try later; maybe there is trouble on the line. She knew this was not a good
  signal. She knew this usually meant whoever it was, went out of business, she
  could only hope this was not the case and she could get over there and see
  what the situation was. Michelle's flight was only 90 minutes, however it could
  have been the longest flight of her life. Time stood still. Michelle was mortified.
  The other flight attendants on board even noticed that something was dreadfully
  wrong. They all asked if she was ok. Michelle simply shook her head to the
  affirmative. She could not talk. Of course things were not ok. Or at least
  they appeared that way, but Michelle just had to hang in there and hope the
  number was just down for some silly technical problem. It was a long flight
  for her. 
When Michelle's plane finally landed, the second she got off the plane and
  away from her fellow workers she got her cell phone out and nervously made
  the call. She prayed that she someone would answer from the clinic. Michelle
  was so nervous she could barely dial the phone. Three rings, four rings, five
  rings, Michelle thought that is a good, sign, six rings, &quot;Hello, this
  is Rachelle, may I help you&quot;. YES, it was the clinic. Michelle was so
  relived. &quot;Yes Michelle, we were having trouble with our lines, but the
  phone company was out and everything seems to be fine. Yes, tomorrow would
  be fine; we will have a courier bring the papers over to your hotel. Yes, he
  will drop them off in the next thirty minutes and pick them up tomorrow morning
  at 8AM. Yes you will be here at 9. Three days, perfect, that will be fine.
  We look forward to working with you. I know this will be a wonderful session
  for you. Oh, and remember you are allowed to masturbate tonight, but no orgasm
  before you get here, and no enemas either. Also, eat a very heavy meal tonight
  and eat a good breakfast tomorrow, the first day of your visit. Drink a lot
  of orange juice and water for the next 12 hours. We don't want you getting
  dehydrated.&quot; Well that was easy. 
Michelle was starved so a heavy dinner was fine. Michelle took a nice hot
  bath and drank a glass of her favorite wine and relaxed in the tub. It felt
  nice to be home and it felt really nice to know what lay ahead. 
 After dinner she got comfortable. Another glass of wine. She chuckled to
  herself in regard to the final instructions from Rachelle. I can masturbate,
  but no orgasm and no enemas. Oh, how I need an enema session. I want it so
  badly, but maybe they are right, I need a few days off before my system is
  purged. She thought about her friend Linda. Linda was having terrible problems
  with her sex life. No matter how long she played with herself she could not
  climax. Vibrators, dildos, nothing helped. Linda ended up going to one of those
  sex doctors and told her all about the visit. Linda walked into the clinic,
  and the receptionist led her to the &quot;lecture&quot; room. It was a lovely
  living room type setting. Three, 30 to 35 year old women were sitting on one
  couch. Two more women were sitting next to each other on the second couch.
  Each woman was more beautiful than the next. The couches were at right angels
  to each other. The &quot;moderator&quot; a stunning women of about 38 or 40
  waved her in and had her take a seat next to the two women on the second couch. &quot;Well,
  we can begin, you know why we are all here. Yes, nothing to be embarrassed
  about, on and on she went. After about 20 minutes, Linda was about to fall
  asleep. Linda even contemplated leavening. She thought she could excuse herself
  to go to the bathroom and just not come back. Linda got up and left. She did
  use the bathroom and than had second thoughts and figured that maybe she should
  go back. It would be nice to have an orgasm, maybe this clinic will help. 
By the time she walked in the moderator was stripped naked from the waist
  down. Linda was shocked, but she had already opened the door and was half way
  to her original seat. What was more shocking, the other 5 women in the room
  were taking their clothes off also. &quot; Oh, yes it's Linda, isn't it? As
  the moderator, in a teacher like way tried to make Linda feel right at home. &quot;Yes
  Linda, we are going to be working on masturbation, now, so yes, that's it just
  like all the other girls, we are disrobing from the waist down. That's it girls,
  panties too. You too Linda, like a good girl take everything off from the waist
  down and get nice and comfortable on the couch. 
Of course everyone was a bit embarrassed but it also was strangely erotic.
  To have 7 stunning, wildly beautiful women all in their twenties and thirties
  sitting around with nothing on from the waist down. 
 The moderator now was walking right towards Linda. She knelt down in front
  of Linda, her fine gold necklace touched Linda's leg and the moderator even
  had a hand on her other leg for balance. &quot;Yes, and yes it's Judy. Ok,
  Judy, Linda was so relieved. The moderator would be using Judy the girl next
  to her as the test case. 
Now Judy I want you to pull your legs up, that's it. Oh, such a pretty pussy.
  I want all you ladies to come over here and watch and look at Judy's pussy.
  See Judy's pussy, it's easier to see because Judy is cleanly shaved for us.
  Now see how Judy's pussy is getting nice and wet.&rdquo; 
 With long pretty manicured fingers the moderator began to show everyone
  in the room the women's pussy, pussy lips, and clit. She even made mention
  of her anus, and pointed it out as well. &quot;Yes, the anus is another erogenous
  zone, but we will be covering that in the next session.&quot; She than want
  on to slowly and erotically masturbate the beautiful women. She stopped a number
  of times to point things out, keeping the women on the edge, bringing her to
  the brink, two or three times. Just short of going over the edge, &quot;See
  how close we are, but see how I can keep her from going over.&quot;Everytime
  she stopped the women moaned. It was the most erotic thing Linda and probably
  the other women had ever seen. &quot;Now ladies see how badly Judy wants to
  cum. She is begging, but no, I don't think she is ready, so lets just keep
  her on the edge a little longer. Now Judy you be a good girl and cum for me
  when I am ready for you to cum, but not until than, that's a girl. You don't
  want to be punished now do you.&rdquo; The moderator chuckled and said that
  was a different course, but if interested anyone here could sign up for it
  at the front desk afterwards. By this time Linda and all the other girls had
  their hands in their pussies. The moderator went around to each girl, coaching
  them and encouraging them to masturbate and to cum. The moderator's approach
  was no different than had these women been working on sponge painting techniques.
  The women were all moaning and yelling at the same time. 
 Needless to say, Linda followed up with two more sessions on orgasm, an
  advanced session on orgasm and many sessions on anal play. Linda never had
  trouble achieving her goal again. Linda heard the sessions on punishment were
  fantastic and was trying to convince Michelle to go with her. 
Michelle masturbated all night long. She was careful not to orgasm. Not an
  easy task. A few times she was so close she thought she was going to go over
  the edge. Each time she pulled her fingers away and told herself to be patient. 
Michelle thought how nice it would be to have someone that was sensitive
  to her special needs. How nice it would be to get a nice long hot oil massage.
  To have someone toying with her rump, and spreading her cheeks, and playing
  with her little hole. Teasing her, and making her anticipate and maybe even
  talking about it. The enemas, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm the enemas. Nice long enemas
  having him be right there, coaxing her, guiding her, encouraging her. Yes Michelle,
  you can do it, you have three quarts in you now, and lets try just a bit more. 
Michelle still had to make a choice as to what type of session she wanted.
  The courier would be by early. She fell asleep mulling over her choices. They
  all sounded so nice. She thought about each one. She wondered what some of
  the designations entailed. She fell asleep thinking the punishment enema session
  would be her choice. She drifted off dreaming about being forced to different
  punishment racks. She knew the clinic had so many rooms full of different tables
  and racks for punishment enemas. Yes, as she drifted off, she remembered the
  women in the room getting her enemas. Michelle had been lead into the wrong
  room. The attendant tried to get Michelle to leave, but since she was only
  lightly restrained Micelle refused to be coaxed and walked right up to the
  woman on the cross. The woman was striped naked with nothing on but a punishment
  hood and a slave collar under the hood. Her long legs were crossed at her ankles
  and she was struggling to hold herself up. Her stomach was terribly bloated.
  She must have been holding four or five quarts of liquid. Her private parts
  were slick with sexual excitement. Michelle could an electrical motor of sorts,
  but could not figure out what it was. Than she saw the tip of the dildo sticking
  out of the poor girls pussy. She followed the sound all the way to the dildo,
  she touched it, and the vibrations were very strong. Michelle could see the
  woman struggle to stay on the cross. The woman was moaning, but it Michelle
  could not decipher what the poor woman was saying. Just as Michelle spotted
  five or six empty and full enema bags hanging over her she heard a swooshing
  sound through the air. Than Michelle lost her breath, and her backside began
  to hurt. &ldquo;Get down on your hands and knees and crawl out of here. You
  filthy cunt. I want you out of here now&rdquo;. Michelle was being persuaded
  to leave and the cane that the Mistress used was quite an effective instrument. 
Michelle masturbated herself to sleep that night, not knowing what kind of
  session she would choose in the morning. 
Chapter III  
The chimes from the doorbell kept going off, but Michelle did not hear them.
  It was 7:00 AM. The radio had been playing soft music for at least an hour,
  but Michelle was fast asleep. She had been dreaming and was in such a far away
  state of mind that she did not hear the alarm or the courier at the door. Michelle
  had woken twice during the night in a cold sweat because of dreams she was
  having about her visit to the clinic.  
Most of the dreams focused on her first hour or so at the clinic. In her
  most recent dream Michelle walked into the clinic and was greeted by a stunning
  woman of about 25 years of age. The women greeted Michelle and took her by
  the hand. They walked hand in hand to the third door on the right. It was incredibly
  erotic since the women was striped naked and was only wearing a garter belt,
  high black boots, and a thin wire belt around her waist. The woman's hand was
  soft and sensuous and her long well manicured fingers played with Michelle's
  palm. The woman introduced herself as Randy and told Michelle that she would
  be working with her the first day and part of the second day of her punishment
  session.  
Michelle finally woke to the soft chimes in the background. She lazily shook
  the sleep from her head and stretched quickly, throwing a robe on and running
  to the door. By now it was almost 7:15 and Michelle was behind schedule. In
  that she was due at the clinic at 9:00 Michelle indeed was going to be late.
  The courier shocked Michelle. A tall splendid looking your woman of about 25
  or so, stood there waiting to be invited in. The women looked similar to Randy,
  the one in Michelle's latest dream.  
"Yes, I am so sorry. I did not sleep well and. Oh, I hope you have not been
  standing her long." The woman, her name was Sandi, was a bit irritated, but
  had things to do and was not going to get caught up in Michelle's apologies. " I
  need you to sign this release form and I need you to pick the program that
  you prefer for this week's session." Michelle still had not made up her mind
  and told Sandi of her indecision. She signed the paper and Sandi simply said
  that she would have to speak with the clinic about the problem, but didn't
  seem to make a huge issue out of the fact that Michelle was still undecided. "Michelle,
  I need you to strip and present your ass to me. Right now. Strip down, hands
  and knees on the floor with that pretty butt of yours high in the air." Michelle
  was shocked, but since she knew Sandi was worked at the clinic she figured
  she might as well. Anyhow, it was a nice way to wake up. Very erotic she thought.  
Sandi took out a small paddle and told Michelle to hold her position. "This
  is for keeping me waiting." With that five very hard swats on each buttock
  were administered to Michelle. "Wow, that really hurt. Please stop, Please." Sandi
  put the paddle down and than pulled Michelle's butt cheeks apart and began
  to massage and play with Michelle's butt. Sandi slowly pushed her very long,
  smooth middle finger up into Michelle's filthy ass. "Oh, I can see you are
  filthy back there and are in need of a very long, very severe, punishment/humiliation
  enema session." Sandi stayed in there a long time. She could literally feel
  the filth sitting in Michelle's rectum. The filth waiting to be let out.  
"I am sorry but you are going to have to hold all of this in till we are
  ready for it to come out." With that Sandi pulled 4 large suppositories out
  of a jar from her bag and slowly and deliberately pushed each one far up Michelle's
  anus and deep into her rectum. A medium sized butt plug was next. That went
  in slowly since Michelle was so full of her own waste. Next a heavy strap-on
  attachment was fitted over the butt plug. By the time Sandi was done with her
  handy work, the butt plug was fully entrenched in Michelle. The plug was tightly
  buckled and locked and impossible for Michelle to get off.  
Almost immediately Michelle was distressed. She could feel the suppositories
  begin to do their work and she could feel a terrible burning from the lubricant
  that Michelle spread all over the butt plug. "You can get up now, and don't
  be late, or you might be drinking large quantities of ice water this morning.
  And I guarantee you it will not be from a glass. Oh, by the way the butt plug
  is coated with a very powerful cream that is designed to make you feel &hellip;&hellip;hmmm
  how should I put it. Maybe just a bit uncomfortable. The cream will stay with
  you till we pull the plug out"  
Just before Sandi let Michelle up she quickly inserted a medium sized vibrator
  up Michelle's cunt. She buckled the vibrator in just like the butt plug. It
  too was impossible for anyone but the key holder to remove. What Michelle did
  not know was the vibrator was first of all very powerful. Much more powerful
  than anything Michelle was used to. Second, the device had a number of controls
  that Sandi had access to via a remote control device. There were hundreds of
  ways for Sandi to program the cruel device. Sandi smiled to herself as she
  left thinking it would be nice to see Michelle's first reaction when the vibrater
  goes into action.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  arobert29


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





