BDSM Library - Busted




Busted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maid slave self-induces an unearned orgasm and pays the price. This story is a work in art and will have chapters added in the future. D irectly after the 30 paddle swats I receive while locked in Mistress's
  bedroom stock every morning, i'm ordered to the dungeon. This was odd. I usually
  have many chores to do. Once in the dungeon, Mistress had me kneel upright
  on a stool that is similar a piano bench but has no padding. I dare not ask
  Her what was on Her mind but couldn't help but wonder. She told me to raise
  my ass up off my ankles as she unlocked my butt plug harness to remove my regular
  training plug. Then She inserted a much, much larger one that was lubricated
  with Icy Hot and re-locked the harness. It burned worse than i could have ever
  imagined, but kept as quiet as i could. She instructed me to sit my ass back
  down on my ankles as She strapped my wrists together behind me with a single
  three-inch wide leather strap. Then did the same with my elbows, pulling them
  very, very close together. Next She placed long, three inch wide straps to
  fasten my ankles to my thighs. Once those were secured She went behind me and
  connected my wrists to an eyelet on the back of the stool with a padlock. I
  could not lean forward at that point. She then used tie-down ratchet straps
  typically used for cargo to pull the ankle to thigh straps to the sides of
  the bench, pulling them extremely wide apart. Next was the strictest posture
  collar of Her collection. It is made of thick unforgiving plastic and has a
  shelf that fits under my chin covered with coarse sandpaper. This done, Mistress
  then strapped on the dreaded head harness with inflatable cock gag. Once it
  was strapped on tightly she tied a thick string to the ring at the top of the
  head harness and pumped up the gag till my cheeks expanded. Mistress then pulled
  the string that was attached to the top of the head harness firmly and tied
  it off tightly to same eyelet on the back of the stool where she had fastened
  my wrists. I was then practically staring at the ceiling. I still had no clue
  what the hell was going on. &hellip;&hellip;Till she threw the tissue at me.
  OH SHIT! I thought to myself. During the night i got up and went to the bathroom
  and jerked off. I must have left the tissue that i used to wipe up my cum on
  the vanity! She then told me that because I couldn't be trusted i was to be
  kept bound every single minute until my Access Denied chastity belt arrived.
  She then strapped a blindfold on me very tightly and said i had 4 hours to
  think about what i had done. She would then be back to begin my punishment!
  She gave my nipples a sharp squeeze and I heard her walk away clicking off
  the light switch and closing the door.  
 O h crap! What did i get myself into this time? How could i have been so
  stupid to leave the tissue on the vanity? Better yet. How could i have been
  so stupid to think i could get away with jerking off in the first place. Who
  am i to think that i could control when, where and how I orgasm. This is Mistress's
  job, pleasure, discretion etc.. She has threatened me with an Access Denied
  chastity belt in the past. But now it is to become a reality.  
 H olly crap my body ached! I had no clue how long I had been left in this
  painful position.. My legs ached as did my arms, neck and ass hole. I was suffering
  and according to Her this was not even to be part of my punishment. As i remain
  fixed in this position i began to wonder what my punishment was going to be.
  Then i remembered how cruel and merciless She can be when punishing and decided
  to think about something else. My mind switched back to my aching muscles.
  There was no escape physically or mentally. If I had to guess how long I'd
  been kneeling here bound it would be only about an hour or so. This was going
  to be 4 very long hours and yet I dreaded the thought of Her return. Both wished
  for it so I could be released from this stringent bondage. But yet dreaded
  the doom of the oncoming punishment. This is one area Mistress knows Her stuff.
  She knows oh so well how to make a slave regret. I tried to let myself slip
  off into a zombie state of mind.  
 S uddenly I hear the door open and the light switch click. SHE&rdquo;S BACK!
  I'm slammed back to reality from my self-induced zombie state. At first I'm
  pissed. Seems as if more than 4 hours has passed. Then I rethink to myself&hellip;..how
  do I know it's been over 4 hours? And who am I to be pissed if it really was
  longer than 4 hours? I am Her slave. I am the one who committed the serious
  offense. And this was among the most serious all offenses. I'm often punished
  for just having my hands near my crotch&hellip;.let alone touching it. The
  time I was punished for masturbating was something I'll never forget. Now here
  I am facing punishment for a self-induced orgasm!  
 M istress moved behind me, removed the blindfold and released the string
  holding the head harness from it's rigid, pulled back position. My hopes and
  thoughts of being released are crushed as I see her push a cart full of Her &ldquo;tools&rdquo; in
  front of me. Some of the devices I recognize, many I don't. I notice a new
  penis flogger that has little knots on the ends of the strands. I also notice
  a new set of evil looking clamps that have small teeth on them and piece of
  cloth covering some other things. Mistress notices me looking at the cart and
  smiles. She then pulls up a chair and makes Herself comfortable in it. I also
  note that She has a bottle of Her favorite wine and a pack of cigarettes indicating
  that this is going to be a very, very long punishment session.  
 &ldquo; S o slave!&rdquo; My body and mind jump as She finally speaks after
  exhaling some smoke while leisurely sitting back in Her chair, elbow propped
  up on it's arm, cigarette pointed towards the ceiling between Her fingers.
  Mistress seldom smokes but when she does it usually means serious business.
  She knows I dislike it and it seems to add to the drama. Her words echoed through
  my mind and the playroom. &ldquo; So you think you can masturbate when you
  want? You thought you would get away with it huh? Well I'm not even going to
  ask how many times you did get away with it. No. Instead I am going to assume
  it has been several and punish accordingly. I'm not only upset about you masturbating
  but am just as pissed that you will not able to do your chores while you are
  being kept bound. Since you are to be bound until your chastity belt arrives,
  I will need to hire a maid. And for every second the maid is here doing your
  chores you will spend that time in uncomfortable punishment bondage. For your
  sake, you best hope she's an efficient maid!&rdquo;&hellip;.She giggles to
  herself. I'm not giggling.  
 &ldquo; W ell let's get started with the masturbation punishment shall we?
  I see you've noticed the new punishment devices I've been saving for such an
  occasion. If you're nervous&hellip;&hellip;you should be&rdquo; She says as
  She snickers &ldquo;I have those other things covered up so as not to make
  you too nervous&hellip;.. just yet. You'll soon see them though&rdquo;. She
  puts out her cigarette and picks up a long length of coarse twine&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; .
  (i'll leave this part to the readers imagination)  
 I t felt wonderful to be in my spandex sleep sack. The masturbation punishment
  was by far the worst thing I've ever endured in my entire life. Mistress said
  that I should get used to the sleep sack. The only time I won't be in it is
  when She feels like playing with me, punishing me, feeding me, bathing me,
  shaving my body, giving my twice daily enemas and catheters or in the promised
  uncomfortable punishment bondage while the temporary maid is doing my chores.
  My life is changing in drastic ways.  
 I 'm awakened when I feel the crotch zipper of the sleep-sack open. Mistress
  says &ldquo;easy slave, relax. I'm just checking to see how much I damaged
  you today. I was quite hard on you but you deserved it. I've spoken to Access
  Denied and they've told me the soonest they will have a chastity belt for you
  is six to eight weeks. Now try to relax and get some rest. .I'll see you in
  the morning before the maid arrives&rdquo;. I then think to myself&hellip; six
  to eight weeks?!!! I wonder how long am I going to be able to handle this as
  she zips the sack back up and leaves the room.  
 I 'm awakened again as Mistress begins to release me from the sleep sack.  
It must be morning. Once released from the sleep-sack Mistress leads me over
  to the bedroom stocks, locks my head and wrists in and straps my ankles to
  the sides just like every other morning. Except this morning Mistress has added
  a large penis gag. She says that until my c-belt arrives my regular morning
  paddling sessions are to be doubled to from thirty to sixty with the paddle
  I hate most&hellip;.the
  dreaded twenty inch long, quarter inch thick clear plexi-glass paddle and I
  am also to receive 20 strokes of her chrome plastic cane&hellip;. one cheek
  at a time, 10 to each cheek. The paddle swats begin and they are noticeably
  harder than normal morning swats. Mistress has her own patented slow, no hurry
  style of paddling. She prefers to give each swat time to &ldquo;soak in&rdquo;.
  Mistress will not be rushed when giving corporal discipline. At twenty swats
  I'm straining against the stock with all my might. At thirty i begin to move
  my ass around uncontrollably and Mistress makes a remark about it. At forty
  swats Mistress stops the paddling extremely frustrated. She walks over to a
  cabinet and comes back. She says &rdquo; if we need to add this restraint every
  morning to do this &hellip;.so be it. She then fastens a one-inch wide strap
  around my scrotum that is lined with tiny short pointy spikes and firmly ties
  it off to the base of the stock with a string until it has no slack. This added
  restraint has my knees bent forward making me squat as much as the stock allows.
  Mistress returns behind me and leans over to speak in my ear. &ldquo;Making
  me need to stop the paddling and add that restrain just cost you and additional
  ten swats. Finally after She has reached the seventy swats she puts the paddle
  down. Tears have been running from my eyes since fifty or so. She then releases
  the gag from my mouth. Believe it or not, I hate when She removes my gag me
  at times like this. I feel incredibly vulnerable to speaking out and begging
  her for mercy. This only adds my punishment and infuriates Her. I have learned
  that Mistress always sees a punishment sentence to completion. It is known
  that Mistress has used smelling salts to bring slaves back to consciousness
  only to complete their punishment sentence. The only mercy I am to receive
  during this sentence is some water as Mistress places a bottle with a straw
  to my lips. Once I have sipped about half the bottle Mistress replaces the
  penis gag. Extreme apprehension sets in. I feel as if tears are about to begin
  again as She swings the evil, flexible plastic chrome cane through the air
  making the dreadful whistle i've heard before. I've never had to receive a
  caning one check at a time. They have always been alternated one cheek then
  the other. This is going to be hell. Mistress begins again using her unhurried
  pace. She is very anal about accuracy when caning. She takes her time to aim
  perfectly laying each stroke about a half inch perfectly parallel to the last.
  Mistress takes a minute break before beginning on the next cheek.. She takes
  her time and closely examines the first cheek to receive Her wrath. Mistress
  is also very anal about being symmetrical. Each cheek will most certainly be
  identical to the other.  
 A fter the paddling and caning is over my training plug is replaced with
  a much, much larger one. I'm thankful it's not lubed with Icy Hot again. A
  leash is attached to my scrotum strap before the string holding it to the stock
  is released and the stock is opened to release me. The penis gag is removed
  and i'm then placed into my strait-jacket and posture collar as She says the
  new maid will be here soon. My punishment bondage is about to begin. I'm then
  led to the middle of the room by my cock leash to a chain hanging from the
  ceiling with a 12&rdquo; tall stool on the floor directly below it. I'm instructed
  to kneel upright on the stool as Mistress pulls the chain from the ceiling
  down through the large ring on the front of my collar and attaches it to the
  strap around my balls. Mistress then tells me to stand up and am stopped just
  short of standing fully upright by another chain that's attached to the ball
  strap.  
 That chain I learn is clipped to a ring in the floor. Mistress pushes the
  stool out of the away and says &ldquo;Enjoy! I'll see you around noonish for
  your enema and catheter&rdquo; then walks out of the room. It doesn't take
  me long to realize what she has just done. I can move up and down, the chain
  slides freely through the large ring on my collar, but i cannot kneel low enough
  to rest my knees or ass on the floor, and I can't stand fully upright. I couldn't
  believe this was happening. I tried again to see if I could rest at least rest
  some of my weight on the floor only to feel a sharp tug on my balls before
  I could even get close to resting on one knee. Damn it, i thought to myself.
  I then tested the limits of my ability to stand again only to feel the tug
  again at least a foot short of it. For some stupid reason or another I cycle
  through this procedure at least another half dozen times. There is no comfort
  to be found. How does Mistress think of these things? My struggling apparently
  became too vocal because Mistress returned and was less than pleasant. She
  said I had best be quiet when the new maid arrived as She picked up the penis
  gag, paused then put it back down. She then picked up the inflatable head harness
  gag and buckled on me very snugly and pumped it up. She showed me the weighted
  nipple clamps i hate the most and said if She had to return again for me being
  too loud they would go on and stay on until i go back in the sleep-sack later
  that night. Moments later a blindfold is put over my eyes.  
 T he door- bell rings. It must be the new maid. She did it. She actually
  did it. But why am I so surprised? She said she was going to hire a maid. Why
  am I so shocked? For some odd reason the reality of it has caught me by surprise.
  I do know that I'm happy for the fact that Mistress had so thoughtfully gagged
  me. Without it the maid would surely hear me struggling, searching for the
  elusive comfortable position. I can hear Mistress showing the maid around.
  Twice walking right passed the door to the playroom. On the second pass Mistress
  tells the maid to not worry about this room, She tells her it's just storage
  for Her business records and such. And such? &hellip;.. I think to my self.
  That ..&rdquo;and such&rdquo;&hellip;.is me! I keep wondering what the maid
  would think if she would see me. Would she call the police? That thought scares
  the hell out of me. I wouldn't want for Mistress and I to have to explain our
  agreed relationship to the police.  
 A ll these thoughts and others seem to have helped pass the agonistic time
  in my dreadful punishment bondage because Mistress had returned. It must be
  noon or so because She doesn't seem upset as if I was being to loud. She walked
  into the adjoining bathroom and began preparing my enema. Mistress came to
  me and released the chains from my ball strap. Ahhhh. It felt so great to be
  able to finally stand up&hellip;.all the way up. I was hoping the strait-jacket,
  blindfold and gag would be next to come off but quickly learned She had other
  plans as She snapped a leash to my ball strap. I was led over to the gyno-exam
  table She has in the other corner of the playroom. Once on it my ankles are
  strapped in the stirrups and my strait-jacketed body is strapped down snuggly.
  She then unlocks my butt plug harness and finally removes the incredibly large
  plug. Mistress then gets then enema equipment from the bathroom. She begins
  with about two quarts and has me release it into a bucket. We go through this
  cycle a few more times and Mistress begins to slide the inflatable enema butt
  plug in me for a retention enema. Just as She begins to pump up the plug we
  both hear a noise come from the bathroom. We're both shocked and then I hear
  the bathroom door swing shut. Mistress grumbles &ldquo;oh shit! under Her breath.
  The maid must have come into the bathroom through the other door that is adjoined
  to the hallway. She had to have seen us. Mistress pauses for a few minutes
  not sure what to do. If the maid had seen us it must not have bothered her
  too much because she has not left and we hear her continue her chores.  
 Mistress continues on with my retention enema and begins to fill me with
  at least another two quarts. When I am filled to Her satisfaction She says &ldquo;well
  I guess I better go talk to Amy the Maid&rdquo;. With that she walks out of
  the room.  
 M istress calls for Amy to come have a talk with Her in the sitting area
  just outside the door to the playroom. &ldquo;Um&hellip;Amy&hellip;.. when
  you were just in the bathroo&hellip;&rdquo; Amy cuts her off before She can
  finish Her sentence&hellip; &ldquo;Yes I saw you in that room with that man.
  It's no big deal to me. A friend of mine and her husband are into that stuff
  too. And my boyfriend has always wanted to try it with me. You don't have to
  be so secretive about that room now&rdquo;. &ldquo;Wow! That's a relief! So
  your boyfriend has said he would like to try this sort of thing?&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes.
  He's always wanted me to dominate him but I know so little about it we've never
  really tried it&rdquo; &ldquo;Oh
  really?&rdquo; Mistress says. &ldquo; Well if you'd like perhaps I could show
  you some things about controlling a male&rdquo;. &ldquo;Really?!?!&rdquo; Amy
  says as her eyes light up. &ldquo;This is turning out to be the coolest job
  I've ever had!&rdquo; As I lay there on the gyno-exam table listening to this
  incredible conversation the retention enema was beginning to make me cramp.
  Mistress then began explaining to Amy my current situation. She told her that
  I was Her husband/slave and that we live a 24/7 Mistress/slave relationship.
  She told her how i am normally the maid of house and do the chores that she
  was hired to do. She told her of the fact that I was to remain bound until
  my chastity belt arrived which would be sometime in the next six to eight weeks.
  Amy replies &ldquo;So that's why you were giving him that enema?&rdquo; &ldquo;Yes&rdquo; Mistress
  replies. And that explains that Foley catheter I saw sitting on the bathroom
  vanity&rdquo;. &ldquo;Yes&rdquo; Mistress replies again. &ldquo;You did notice
  on my resume that I'm a nursing student right? Just at the end of last semester
  before summer break we learned how to do male foley catheters&rdquo; Now Mistresses
  eyes lit up..&rdquo;Oh really&hellip; how interesting&rdquo; My cramps grew
  more intense as their conversation continued. &ldquo;Well to be honest I rather
  dislike doing his enemas and catheters and shaving him. What would you think
  about adding those to your list of chores? I'll pay you extra for this of course&hellip;.that
  is if you are interested&rdquo; &ldquo;I ceratainly am!&rdquo; Amy replies
  enthusiastically. &ldquo;Well you can begin now if you'd like. I've had him
  retaining about two quarts for the past fifteen minutes. As a standard rule
  his retention enemas are never short of thirty minutes.&rdquo; Mistress explains. &ldquo;Great!
  Just enough time for me to go have a cigarette on the patio if you don't mind
  ?&rdquo; &ldquo;Sounds fine to me.' Mistress replies.  
 M istress returns to me. &ldquo;Did you hear that conversation slave?&rdquo; i
  nod. She says &ldquo;good, you should see her slave. She's beautiful. I do
  hope she's bi. If she is I don't know what good you are for me besides doing
  the house work chores.&rdquo; I'm crushed by these words. &ldquo;well I'll
  just have to find out, but that won't be today. She's confessed a great deal
  about herself already. And it's a miracle she didn't run out the door the minute
  she saw us.&rdquo; i nod again. &lsquo;Things certainly are changing around
  here aren't they slave?&rdquo; i nod.  
 A my then came into the playroom. Mistress tells Amy it's about time they
  release my enema and insert the catheter. This is good news for me! The cramping
  has become intense. Enemas haven't been used much in my training so far. Nor
  have catheters. Mistress shows Amy how she has me release my enemas throught
  the tube in the inflatable plug with it's hose running in to a bucket so that
  I don't need to be released from my bondage. As they release the enema Amy
  asks Mistress what She plans on feeding me for the next six to eight weeks.
  Mistress replies&hellip;.&rdquo;I haven't thought much about it. Any suggestions&rdquo;? &ldquo;Well
  if he's to be kept bound we should stick with a liquid diet. Besides&hellip;he
  looks as if he could lose a few pounds anyway. I say we feed him things like
  nutritional shakes like Slim Fast and make him some fruit smoothies. Maybe
  even some veggie smoothies. It's not as if they need to taste good right?&rdquo;  
 Mistress giggled at Amy's last comment. &ldquo;No. I suppose they don't
  Amy. You're catching on quickly.&rdquo; Once the enema is released Amy shows
  Mistress the technique she was taught in school on how to insert a catheter. &lsquo;There's
  really no need to remove this from him for a few days at least&rdquo;&hellip;..Amy
  tells Mistress. &ldquo;That's what I've read&rdquo; Mistress replies. Once
  the catheter is inserted and I'm drained Mistress explains to Amy that i am
  to be kept in punishment bondage while she does the chores I would normally
  be doing as punishment for having to hire her as a maid. &ldquo;Punishment
  bondage?&rdquo; Amy asks. &ldquo;Yes. He's to be kept in uncomfortable bondage
  positions every minute you are doing his chores. Here. I'll show you. &ldquo;Great!
  Sounds fun!&rdquo; Amy replies. The strap securing me to the table and the
  straps holding my ankles are finally unbuckled and I feel Mistress tug on my
  ball leash. &ldquo;Wow that's cool! You've really got him by the balls don't
  you &rdquo; Amy says smirking. Mistress leads me back over to the center of
  the room and then told to kneel upright on the piano bench again with my back
  rigid. She then unbuckles the sleeves of my strait-jacket and pulls them behind
  me and fastens them together at the end. Next She clicks a button on a remote
  control which lowers a trapeze bar from the ceiling. The trapeze bar is about
  two feet wide and lowered to a level about six inches below the level of my
  armpits parallel with and behind my back. She then puts my bound arms up and
  over the bar, slips a rope through the loops at the ends of both sleeves of
  the strait-jacket and ties it off to the back of the bench. My ankles are lifted
  then strapped up to my thighs with wide leather straps. I'm now supporting
  all of my weight on my knees. Mistress then presses the button on the remote
  control again and I feel the trapeze bar pull up into my armpits a few more
  inches until my knees are just resting on the bench. &ldquo;There we go Amy.
  Punishment bondage.&rdquo; Mistress says. &ldquo;Wow&hellip;.that's sooo cool!
  Now how long does he have to stay like this?&rdquo; Amy asks &ldquo;As long
  as it takes you to finish his chores. Don't feel rushed though.&rdquo; Mistress
  replies as they both giggle as they leave the room. I'm not giggling.  
 M istress returned and lowered me down. Amy had finished my chores and left
  for the night. I'm then released from my restraints except for the scrotum
  strap and leash I'm then lead over to a device I have became quite familiar
  with. It's Mistress's &ldquo;pleasure chair&rdquo;. This is essentially a chair
  with a recess for my head to fit in. I know this drill well. I sit with my
  ass on my ankles with my back against the front of the chair. Mistress straps
  my shins to my thighs. My wrists are pulled up behind me and fastened to both
  sides of the chair the in cuffs that are at about the same level of Her seat.
  Not very comfortable in the least. Mistress removes the penis gag I begin to
  rest my head back into the recess in the seat of the chair for Her to put a
  strap acrossed my forehead to hold it in when she stopped me. &ldquo;This goes
  on first&rdquo; she says as she shows me a double penis gag. I've seen this
  gag before but have yet to experience it. She slides the penis gag into my
  mouth and I stare at the end of the dildo now protruding from my face cross-eyed.
  Finally Mistress motions for me to lean my head back in into the recess of
  the seat the places the strap over my forehead. The seat now has a dildo sticking
  straight up from up it pointing at the ceiling. Mistress then explains that
  She will leave me for a while to get a little used to this position as She
  has some phone calls to make.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave barry


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





