BDSM Library - Tiffany's Abduction




Tiffany's Abduction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of the abduction and rape of Tiffany one night from her apartment.Tiffany's Abduction (inspired by Gary Roberts comix) 
Copyright 2003 by Powerone. The author
    can be contacted at Controlher@hotmail.com.  
The story of the abduction and rape of
    Tiffany one night from her apartment.  
Story Codes: M/F, rape, anal, humil, oral,
    bdsm, whip, mdom, span  
I
    awoke up, not sure if it was a dream or not. I felt something in my mouth,
    some type of cloth. It was pulled tightly, pushing back my lips, stretching
    my mouth open. It must have been tied because I could not get it out. I could
    feel drool running down my chin, my mouth dry. I tried to lift my arm but
    couldn't. That is when I realized that I was not along and something was
    wrong.  
My
    name is Tiffany. I live in an apartment with six other girls, all sophomores
    at the local university. We're all fairly well off, the parents paying the
    rent, two girls sharing each of the three rooms. We all belonged to the same
    sorority and you could probably say that we were all gorgeous and had no
    trouble getting boys. I have short blonde hair, dark complexion, nice breasts,
    great ass and have rock hard abs, allowing me to wear low hip huggers. I
    had gone to bed early tonight along with my roommate Ashley. Two of the other
    girls had gone out and the other two were studying and watching television
    in the living room when we went to bed.  
I
    felt someone behind me, holding my wrists tightly and then I felt something
    metal attaching around them. I heard a click, then another and felt the strange
    hands leave mine. I tried to move my arms, but they were secured together,
    metal clanging when I tried to move. I was partly on my side, facing away
    from the door, my arms out behind me. I turned my head towards the door and
    I faced a menacing character behind me. He was dressed in all black, including
    a black hood with holes for his nose and eyes. I tried to scream but all
    that came out was a garbling sound, the cloth gag doing its job. I heard
    his voice.  
&ldquo;SSSSHHHH&rdquo;,
    putting his fingers to his lips.  
I
    looked over and saw that Ashley was in a similar situation, another masked
    intruder binding her arms behind her back. I could see that they were handcuffs,
    a white piece of cloth bound around her head digging deeply into her mouth.
    Muffled sounds came from the other side of the room. The door to the bedroom
    was closed, but I could hear some disturbance going on in the other room.  
I
    had wished I had dressed differently to bed. I had put on a silky, half top
    that just barely came down to my belly button and a pair of pink panties.
    I looked over, seeing Ashley in a pair of men's pajama bottoms and a tee
    sheet. Neither of us wore a bra, our youthful breasts standing erect without
    any support. I squirmed on the bed, a hand pushing hard into my back forcing
    me over onto my stomach. I was facing Ashley, suffering a similar fate. We
    looked into each others eyes, pleading, to no avail.  
I
    felt a big hand at my ankles, bending them at the knees and I felt the metal
    cuffs being attached to each ankle. I pulled on them, unable to move. I saw
    Ashley legs drawn up and the silvery handcuffs also used to secure legs together
    tightly. The intruder behind me moved in close to my back and I felt two
    large hands move under my chest and pull me up. The hands encircled my half-naked
    breasts and squeezed and fondled them. I moaned as my young breasts were
    abused. I was pushed back down on to the bed and I felt one hand grab my
    cuffed wrists and pull them back until they were outstretched. He pulled
    up on them, forcing my face and body into the soft mattress. I felt the hand
    grab my panties and pull them down, feeling the cool night air on my naked
    ass. I turned towards him, an angry scowl on my face, my indignation getting
    the better of me, not realizing the position I was in. I still thought the
    situation was temporary. Any second now the police would rush into my room
    and save me, my roommates having heard the commotion and calling them. One
    hand grabbed my naked ass cheeks and I felt the large hand engulf my whole
    cheek, grabbing at it roughly. I squirmed, a tug on my arms, bending them
    up higher stopping my attempt at escape. The hand moved to the other cheek,
    grabbing at my lower butt, fingers slipping between my legs. I could feel
    the fingers only inches from my pussy, my body gripped in terror of being
    raped.  
He
    turned my on my side again, facing Ashley. I could feel him behind me. I
    felt him grab the silky top in his hand and heard the sound of tearing material
    as he pulled it from my body and threw it on the bed in front of me. I could
    see the look on Ashley's face as she was also stripped naked, her tee shirt
    ripped and hanging from her shoulders, her pajamas hanging down below her
    knees, her shaved pussy exposed. He grabbed my hair on the top and pulled
    my head back, leaning in close to me, only inches from the side of my face.
    His hand reached over and grabbed my right breast, two fingers pinching right
    below my nipple with his strong hand. I moaned. His hand moved over to my
    other breast, his hand pulling back my hair, his finger grabbing the nipple
    and pinching it hard. I squirmed, but he pulled my hair. His hand moved down
    over the flat plane of my stomach and pushed between my closed legs. I trembled
    in fear, was he going to rape me? Would the police get her in time? Fingers
    rubbed up and down my slit, my pussy shaved smooth, my hips pushing back
    to escape the intruders raping fingers.  
His
    hand left my crotch and turned me onto my back. I turned my head away from
    him, embarrassed as I lay on the bed on my back, naked except a pair of panties
    hanging around my knees. I saw Ashley in a similar situation, her intruder
    duplicating what mine was doing to me. His fingers went back between my legs
    and I felt them push back my pussy lips to begin to slide up and down my
    dry slit. It hurt, the fear stopping my pussy from juicing on the raping
    digits. My hips tried to back away.  
It
    was the first time except for the &ldquo;shhh&rdquo;, that I heard his voice.
    He grabbed my hair and turned my face towards him, the menacing mask terrorizing
    me. &ldquo;Bring you knees up and spread your legs.&rdquo; He yanked on my
    hair for emphasis. I had no choice, my hair tearing from my scalp. I brought
    my knees up, and let my legs part, knowing how obscenely I was exposing myself
    to this masked intruder. &ldquo;Good girl.&rdquo; His fingers returned to
    my pussy, this time they moved up and down my slit, the spread of my legs
    giving him complete access to my sex. I shivered in fear, afraid I would
    wet the bed as his fingers ran over my body intimately. I could feel some
    of my juices begin to flow, humiliated that this stranger could coax a sexual
    reaction from my bound body.  
My
    eyes opened wide in fear. He brought out another cloth and a bottle. He opened
    the bottle and the pungent smell of chemical filled my nose. He poured some
    on the cloth and pressed it over my nose and mouth. I held my breath as long
    as I could but I began to feel my consciousness leaving, struggling until
    everything turned into blackness.  
My
    head was pounding, my breathing ragged. I lay there, curled up on my side.
    I tested my bondage, my arms and legs still secured by the metal handcuffs.
    My eyes began to flutter open, the bright lights in contrast to the darkness
    that was my room. I looked around, frightened to see that I was no longer
    in my apartment, but in what looked like a cell. There was a large metal
    door, a bright light hanging down from the ceiling, a drain in the floor
    and a mattress in the corner. Beside that, the room was empty. I lay curled
    in the center of the floor, a chill running through me from the cold floor.  
I
    jumped when I heard the footsteps outside the door. There was some clanging
    of metal and the door slowly opened. I feared who was going to come through
    the door. My rescuers were no longer coming to save me. I was alone, not
    sure where Ashley had been taken. I sat up in terror as he came through the
    door, my bound arms behind me supporting my body. My abductor came through
    the door. I wasn't really sure if it was the same way that had bound and
    fondled my body. The only characteristic I could recognize was the black
    mask covering his face, this time his mouth uncovered. What frightened me
    even more was that he was naked except for black boots and white sock. He
    was carrying a braided whip. Even more menacing was that he was gripping
    the largest cock that I had ever seen. It must have been over twelve inches
    long and as big around as a soda bottle.  
I
    was on the floor, my legs crossed, the cuffs holding them together, my bound
    arms behind me. He walked over to me, his legs spread wide, his hard cock
    only inches from my cheek.  
&ldquo;Ha,
    Ha, Ha. Morning Bitch.&rdquo; He grabbed my head, trying to turn me towards
    him.  
I
    knew what he wanted and I was not going to do it, &ldquo;UUUUUHH!, NNNNN!,
    PPPPPLLLLS!,&rdquo; were the only sounds I could mumble behind the gag. I
    had always refused oral sex, satisfying the boys I dated by using my hand
    to make them cum. I felt the whip strands play down onto my naked breasts
    as his large hand completely encircled my head. My nipples instantly became
    hard, the rough feel of the leather stimulating them into hardness.  
&ldquo;Time
    to play, little pussy. This dick wants you NOW!&rdquo; His hand was encircling
    his erect cock, pointing it towards my face.  
&ldquo;UHH-UHHHHH!
    NNNNNN! PPPLLLLSSS! NNNNNNNN!&rdquo; my head shaking no in denial.  
&ldquo;Here
    cunt, my cum on your lips.&rdquo; He grabbed my hair and twisted my head
    sideways, his cum covered cock rubbing over my lips, his cum dribbling down
    my chin.  
&ldquo;UUUUGGGHH!
    SSSSTTTP!&rdquo; I mumbled back, trying to avoid the sticky cum on my lips.
    Some of the thick, salty fluid entered my mouth, mixing with the spit. I
    almost choked on the bad tasting fluid. Never would I suck his cock. Never
    would his cum fill my mouth. I clamped my lips tight onto the cloth gag.  
He
    yanked the gag off of my mouth, pushing it down onto my neck. He gripped
    it tightly behind my head and pulled it. &ldquo;Now suck me off!&rdquo;  
&ldquo;NNNNOOO!
    UUU GG KKKK &hellip;!&rdquo; my head pulled back.  
&ldquo;You
    better suck my cock, you cunt. I'll choke you &lsquo;til you turn blue&hellip;now
    suck!&rdquo;  
&lsquo;UUUUGGGHH,&rdquo; he
    tightened the gag around my neck tighter and tighter, it squeezing my air
    supply off. Tears began to fall from my eyes, his cock still leaking cum
    onto my lips and chin. I did not know how much longer I could resist. My
    breathing became ragged.  
&ldquo;You're
    bound and NAKED in a basement with a CRAZED RAPIST, bitch. I'll hurt you!
    I'll hang you up and WHIP YOU RAW! No one is going to find you! Now SUCK
    DICK! SUCK!&rdquo;  
He
    tightened on the cloth around my neck, it starting to be difficult to breathe.
    My lungs were half empty, my breasts rising and falling, unable to fill them.
    I finally opened my mouth and he pushed the head of the giant cock onto my
    tongue.  
&ldquo;I'll
    whip your pussy lips!&rdquo;  
&ldquo; OOOOHHH,
    that's it&hellip;UHHH&rdquo;. He felt my lips engulf the giant member.  
&ldquo;UUUGGGKKKKK!
    UUUUGGHHHH! He took the opportunity and my mouth was filled with over six
    inches of hard cock, my lips wrapped so tight around the massive weapon that
    I thought they would tear. My body was being bent backwards, I put my bound
    arms out behind me to keep from falling over. He pulled on the cloth and
    fed me more of his cock.  
&ldquo;UUUUHHH!!
    UUUUHH!&rdquo; The sounds of his pleasure filling the room.  
&ldquo;UUUUGGGK!,&rdquo; the
    sound of my revulsion as I was forced to suck his cock, my mouth filling
    with the salty taste of his precum. I could feel the huge veins running up
    the side, the mushroom head pushing farther into the hot confines of my virgin
    mouth. My tongue moved over the cock trying to push it out, it jumping in
    response, pleasuring him.  
He
    put his other leg over the other side of my body, his hand behind my head
    as he filled my mouth with his raping weapon, grunting as he pumped in and
    out of my mouth. I gagged and choked each time he pumped it hard into the
    back of my mouth, the mushroom head jamming to enter my tiny throat.  
&ldquo;UUUUHHH!!&rdquo; He
    shouted as he pumped my mouth, his hard stomach pounding painfully against
    my nose, his heavy laden balls banging against my chin. &ldquo;UUUUHHH!!&rdquo;  
It
    hurt each time he fucked into me, his body smashing into my face. But he
    did not care about my pain, only his pleasure. He had a hot teenage mouth
    wrapped around his cock, sucking to save her soul. He dumped his load of
    cum in my mouth, filling me with his foul tasting semen. It seemed to never
    end, his cum running out the corner of my mouth, falling down my chin and
    landing on my naked breasts. I choked and gagged, his cock forcing the voluminous
    cum down my throat like a battering ram.  
&ldquo;Slut,
    you didn't swallow! Now I'm going to have to hang your ass up and whip and
    fuck you!!!!&rdquo;  
&ldquo;EEEEEEEEE!
    PLEASE! Just let me go!&rdquo; I had allowed some of his cum to fall out
    of my mouth, unable to swallow all of it. My mouth was full of the taste
    of the foul fluid, afraid that I might vomit up his semen. I felt him put
    the gag back into my mouth, tightening it even harder then before. I could
    not get rid of his taste any longer, the gag sealing it in, my only hope
    is to swallow it. He pulled out a ring clamp and attached it to me cuffs,
    the other end to a rope hanging from the ceiling. He pulled up, my arms rising
    up. &ldquo;UUUHHH!&rdquo; I screamed.  
&ldquo;SSSSTTTPP!
    PLSSSSS!&rdquo; I was painfully pulled up from the floor by my wrists, feeling
    like they were going to break. Higher and higher I went until I was on my
    tip toes. The cuffs on my ankles kept my legs together, my panties hanging
    uselessly around them. My wrists felt like they would break, my shoulder
    sockets pulling painfully out.  
&ldquo;NNNNN!
    DDDNNNTTT! UUUHHH!&rdquo; I yelled out from behind the gag. He moved in close,
    his right hand encircling my breast, hefting it up and down, his other hand
    letting the whip caress the other breast. He was not like a lover, caressing
    my breast tenderly. No, he touched my with every intention to hurt me, squeezing
    my tender flesh until it turned white.  
 He
    yanked my nipples by his two fingers, pulling the hardened bud from my body. &ldquo;UUUUUUHHHH&rdquo; the
    pain so bad. I had never felt such pain before, sorry that I had such large
    nipples, sorry that they were such easy targets. He moved behind me, I could
    feel his hard cock on my ass. Would he rape me with his huge weapon? He grabbed
    my breast tightly.  
&ldquo;MMMM,
    Nice. Just as soft as I dreamed you'd be.&rdquo;  
His
    hands moved down my flanks to grab at my naked ass cheeks. His fingers moved
    up and down my ass slit, my cheeks clenching in terror, afraid of where his
    fingers might go.  
&ldquo;Nice
    ass too!&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Oh
    yes Bitch. We've been planning this for a very long time now!&rdquo;  
His
    hand completely encircled me, just under my breasts, one hand gripping my
    right breast tightly. &ldquo;PPPLLLSSS! DDDNNNTT!&rdquo; The pain returned
    as he gripped it with his powerful hands.  
 He
    stood behind me, gripping his hard cock in his palm while his other hand
    still griped my breasts. I could not believe it could get any bigger, but
    as he stroked it, the mushroom head expanded, turning an angry dark purple,
    drips of precum leaking from the head.  
&ldquo;We're
    going to see if your tight little teen pussy can take all of this MAN SIZED
    COCK! Tell me SLUT, should I grease it up nice for you or just rip into you
    DRY! HA!&rdquo;  
&ldquo;NNNNNN!
    DDDNNTT! PLLLLSS DDNNNTT RRRPP MMME! GGGD PPPLSS DNNT!&rdquo; I knew he was
    going to rape me and I began to sob. No one had ever treated me like he did,
    like I was an animal, made for his pleasure only.  
I
    looked down, he was pouring some oil on his cock, stroking it up and down
    the massive weapon until it glistened in the light. He yanked me by the hair,
    pulling me backwards.  
&ldquo;Come
    here,&rdquo; he ordered me, grabbing my hair like it was horse's reins.  
&ldquo;UUUHHH,&rdquo; I
    screamed as my scalp ached. He was fisting his cock and placing it against
    my naked ass. I could feel the big mushroom head, pushing between my legs,
    it cold and slippery. Hands gripped me about the waist, pulling me back towards
    the menacing weapon threatening to rape me. &ldquo;NNNNN! PLLSSSSS! UUUUHHH!&rdquo; I
    cried out. He pulled me close to him, his cock slowly starting to enter me,
    the bulbous head stretching my tiny pussy. His other hand encircled my breast,
    squeezing it tightly. I tightened my ass cheeks, trying to prevent the forcible
    entry between my legs, but the slippery cock was stronger.  
&ldquo;Ohh
    yeah! Tighten that ass! Fight it, cunt! Make me force it in!!!!&rdquo;  
I
    felt his hands around my waist again and he pulled me back hard onto his
    cock. &ldquo;NNNNNN, UUUHHHH,&rdquo; a gut retching scream tore from my lips
    as my pussy was subject to the inhuman tearing of the massive cock forcing
    its way inside. I did not think my body could expand that big and that quickly
    as the huge bulbous head pushed my pussy lips apart and forced its way into
    my tight, teenage pussy, my body clamping onto it, trying to force it back
    out.  
He
    bent my body backwards, arching my ass out, my wrists stretched tightly to
    the rope. &ldquo;UUUUH, PPPLLLLSSS, UUUUUHHHH&rdquo; I screamed again, the
    gag mumbling my words. I had to rise up on my toes, my body straining to
    maintain the position. The position that would allow him to rape me. My pussy
    was being jammed with hard cock, stretching the tender walls to allow the
    raping member inside. I could feel every bump and ridge on his cock as he
    slid it into my pussy, the walls clamping on the raping cock, trying to force
    it from my body.  
&ldquo;UUUUGG!
    Oh yes, Bitch! SQUEEZE that tight PUSSY! OOOOHHHH!&rdquo;  
He
    kept jerking me back onto his cock, holding my hips tightly, forcing me to
    fuck back onto the punishing cock tearing my teenage pussy. Nothing that
    big had ever been in there and his cock tore its way back and forth. &ldquo;UUUUUUUUU!&rdquo; I
    continuously screamed. I had never been subject to such brutal actions in
    all my life. My body could not fathom the depths of the pain he was inflicting
    on me. He seemed to enjoy pushing his cock in at different angles, jamming
    the mushroom head into the sides of my pussy, banging into them painfully.  
&ldquo;UGGH,
    UGGGH, UGGGH, UGGGGH,&rdquo; him grunting as he fucked me, almost as much
    work for him, my tight pussy fighting his raping cock each time. He punched
    my insides with his cock, bruising my cervix as he fucked in harder each
    time.  
He
    pulled my head around to face his, &ldquo;you're MY pussy now BITCH! MINE!!!!&rdquo; His
    large hand was wrapped around my throat, choking me.  
&ldquo;UUUGGGGH!&rdquo; I
    mumbled, my crotch burning in pain as his cock tore my insides, his hands
    hurting as they choked me.  
&ldquo;OOOO,
    yeah! SCREAM! MMMMMM, Make me CUM in your pussy real HARD!!!!  
&ldquo;UUUHH,
    UU-UUUUUH! NNNNN!&rdquo; his fingers grabbing one of my nipples and twisting
    and tearing at it, wanting to make me scream, my pussy gripping his cock
    in response to the pain.  
&ldquo;UU!
    UUUGGGHHHHH!&rdquo; grabbing me on my hips and forcing me back onto his cock.
    My body shook in pain. I did not know how much longer I could take this rape,
    my pussy one mass of pain.  
&ldquo;OOOOH!
    You want me to FUCK you HARDER!&rdquo;  
He
    gripped both of my breasts in his big hands and pulled me back onto his hard
    cock, feeling like he was trying to make it come out my mouth. His hands
    grabbed my hips, pulling my ass up into the air higher, arched up in submission.
    His cock pulled out until only the head was grabbed, twelve inches of rock
    hard cock poised to rape my pussy. I felt him pull me in, raising my ass
    up as he did, wanting his cock to tear into a new part of my pussy. My head
    rose up and I screamed,  &ldquo;UUUUUUUU  !&rdquo; I
    almost passed out from the pain, my body a mass of pain from the brutal rape
    as the huge weapon tore into my teenage pussy in one brutal fuck.  
I
    felt him grip me by my thighs, spreading my legs out farther, my body pushed
    forward, my arms now swinging high behind me, my feet leaving the ground
    as he bore is hard cock deeper into my pussy. His hands bruised my flesh
    as he gripped me, forcing my body to bend and submit to the painful rape.
    It felt like he was pushing through my womb, my pussy wrapped tightly around
    the massive weapon. I moaned in pain, his cock swelling to bigger proportions,
    knowing that he was getting ready to cum. I don't think I could stand it
    any longer, the brutal tearing and raping of my young flesh.  
&ldquo;UUUUHHH!
    I'm CUMMMMING&hellip;UUUUH! He screamed out, burying his cock even deeper
    inside me. My insides felt bruised and torn.  
&ldquo;UGH!
    UGH! UGH!&rdquo; My body was arched up backwards onto his chest, one of his
    huge hands around my breasts, gripping them painfully, the other grabbing
    my stomach and trying to drive his cock even farther inside me as I felt
    him unload his hot cum inside me. I screamed, &ldquo;NNNNNNNNN&rdquo; afraid
    that I would become pregnant, my insides feeling his cock hosing down my
    beaten pussy with massive amounts of hot cum bathing the battered walls.  
I
    felt my body lowered to the ground, the rope still leaving me hanging, his
    cum dripping down the insides of my thighs to puddle at the floor beneath
    me. God, he must have dumped a gallon of cum inside me, my insides burning
    in pain. I did not think I would be able to walk again, my crotch a mass
    of pain.  
&ldquo;OOOO,
    I'm going to KEEP you for a while! I gonna RAPE you ALL NIGHT! Up your tight
    little ASS next! Ha Ha!  
He
    slapped my ass hard, the snap ringing out in the room.  
&ldquo;OOOOWWW!
    NNNNNNN!&rdquo; I begged, I wouldn't be able to take that big cock up my
    tiny asshole. He had already torn my teenage pussy, I could only imagine
    what he would do to my ass. I had heard of sodomizing, but had never even
    considered it. I did not even like anyone touching my asshole. To imagine
    a hard cock, his huge hard cock shoved deep inside my bowels made my heart
    stop. I did not know what I would do if he tried it. Could I stop him?  
He
    moved in front of me, his hand running over my naked breast. He had a whip
    in his hand, a five braided whip.  
&ldquo;But
    first you DANCE for me!&rdquo;  
He
    stood in front of me, his large hands holding my ass cheeks tightly, putting
    me in position to be whipped. &ldquo;NNNNN, PPLSS, DDNNTTT!&rdquo; I mumbled
    but to no avail. He stood back, my eyes watching his arms as he drew back
    the evil whip. It seemed like slow motion as it swung forward. I heard the &ldquo;CRAK!&rdquo; as
    it curled around my ass cheeks. It seemed like eternity before the pain shot
    up to me brain. &ldquo;UUUUUUHHHHHHHH!!!!&rdquo; The rape was bad enough,
    now he was whipping my naked body. I hung from the rope like an animal, unable
    to defend myself, my body open and unavailable to the lash of the whip.  
He
    moved to the side of me, I knew he was trying to get a good shot at my naked
    breasts. How could he. They are so delicate. I did not have to wait long,
    my mouth clenched tight as the whip hit them both, one of the braids catching
    both nipples with a &ldquo;SSSWWWAATTT.&rdquo; How could the animal do that,
    hit a girl on her tender breasts. The pain was excruciating.  
&ldquo;NNNNNN,
    UUUUUHHHH,&rdquo; shaking my head in disbelief the pain shooting all over
    my body. I saw his cock harden again, he was getting off on whipping me.
    He moved in close to me, his head bending down to one of my whipped breasts,
    his teeth clamping down on the hard, swollen nipple.  
&ldquo;MMMMM,
    I'll BITE your cute little tits off, you CUNT!&rdquo; his teeth pulling my
    breast far from my body by the nipple.  
It
    felt like my nipple was trapped between two hard pieces of metal, biting
    into the tender bud, squeezing the blood to the end, threatening to puncture
    them. He ground his teeth on them, feeling the skin tearing.  
He
    began again to whip my body, unable to escape the terrible sting of the braided
    whip. &ldquo;SMAK,&rdquo; my breasts shaking as they were stung by the leather,
    my nipples suffering under the whip. &ldquo;SWAT,&rdquo; the whip hooking
    up under my ass cheeks, low down on my thighs. &ldquo;CRAK,&rdquo; it rang
    out, hitting squarely on my firm, naked ass cheeks, the pain unbearable.
    He did not give me a chance in between the strokes. They came continuous, &ldquo;SWAT,&rdquo; my
    ass bearing the pain of the whip again. &ldquo;SLAP,&rdquo; paying special
    attention to my breasts and nipples. Finally, &ldquo;SMAK&rdquo; the whip
    hitting my abdomen, some of the strands searching out my delicate pussy lips.  
 His
    cock hardened and he began to get crueler. He smashed his booted foot into
    my naked toes, pinning them to the floor. He grabbed a nipple in his teeth,
    pulling my body out, stretching it by the delicate nub. It felt like he was
    trying to tear it off, he probably was. He swung the whip as he did, &ldquo;SMAK,&rdquo; hitting
    my ass, his foot preventing me from moving, his pulling and biting of my
    nipple, forcing me stretch out painfully. &ldquo;UUUUUHHHHHH,&rdquo; I screamed,
    my body unable to comprehend so much pain at one time.  
&ldquo;SCREAM
    you CUNT!!!! He stretched my nipple with his teeth, digging in deeper when
    it tried to slip, the whip curled up and running up and down my pussy slit,
    my body shivering in fear, afraid that he would whip my pussy next. &ldquo;NNNNN,&rdquo; I
    cried in pain.  
 &ldquo;OOOO
    yeah, SCREAM!!&rdquo;  
He
    swung the whip, SPLAT&rdquo; hitting the back of my thighs, &ldquo;  UUUUUUHHHH!&rdquo;  my
    cries getting louder. &ldquo;CRAK,&rdquo; hitting my abdomen again, feeling
    one leather strand barely missing my clit.  &ldquo;PPPLLLSS!
    UUUUHHH!&rdquo;   This time he
    swung the whip aiming for my pussy, &ldquo;SNAP&rdquo; strands of leather
    snapping at my pussy lips.  &ldquo;UUUHH!
    UUUUHH! UUUUHH!&rdquo;  I could
    not fathom the pain in my crotch. My pussy already sore from the rape, now
    the tender, pink skin inside my pussy lips were getting whipped by the painful
    leather lash.  
&ldquo;That
    gets my DICK HARD!&rdquo; My screams of pain were making him hard again,
    getting him ready to rape me again. I trembled in fear, knowing that I could
    not stand another painful rape.  
He
    moved in front of me, his big hands gripping my whipped ass cheeks, biting
    on my nipple again, tearing it from my body.  
&ldquo;MMMM!
    Now you get ASS FUCKED!&rdquo; he exclaimed, his huge cock extended before
    me.  
I
    looked down and screamed when I saw how huge his cock had become again. &ldquo;NNNNNNNN!&rdquo; I
    could not survive having that huge cock stuck up my tiny asshole. I shook
    my head in terror. I had to stop this maniac that continued to punish my
    teenage body. I did not know how much longer I could survive. I begged for
    unconsciousness, but my body refused, forcing me to accept each painful act.  
He
    moved behind me, I could feel the massive weapon smashed against my beaten
    ass cheeks. It felt like a log. His hands curled around my inner thighs,
    pulling me back onto the threatening weapon. It felt even bigger then before,
    the whipping having stimulated him to greater proportions.  
&ldquo;UUUHH!
    NNNNNNNNN! PPPLS!&rdquo; I begged him, my eyes pleading but all I saw was
    the lust in his eyes. He wanted to hurt me, make me scream. And he would
    do it by raping my asshole with his massive tool.  
He
    arched my body backwards again, his cock and balls resting against my ass
    cheeks. His fingers toyed with one of my nipples, squeezing it, watching
    my pain as he did. I looked over my shoulder as he poured some type of oil
    on the head of his huge cock.  
&ldquo;UUUUHHH!
    NNNNNN!&rdquo; I screamed when I saw what he was doing.  
Oh
    yes, Pussy&hellip;you smell PEPPERMINT!&rdquo; &ldquo;UUUUUUUMMMMMMFFFF&rdquo; he
    grunted as he forced his slick cock against my tiny asshole and pushed.  
&ldquo;NNNNNNNNNNNNN,
    UUUUUUHHHHHHHH  ,&rdquo; my loudest
    scream so far. I could feel my asshole tearing, having no choice, not big
    enough to stretch to accept the raping cock. His hands gripped my hips tightly,
    forcing me to accept the cock. I could feel wetness, knowing that I was bleeding.
    Whatever he had put on his cock began to burn my anal tract. If his raping
    cock, tearing my anal tract wasn't bad enough, he had made it worse with
    the caustic cream. My sphincter fought his cock, the slippery member forcing
    its way inside my rectum by sheer force. My body shuddered as the mushroom
    head slipped in, my asshole stretched wide around it, having torn to accept
    the huge cock. The blood seemed to help him, lubricating the rape of my asshole.
    Farther and farther he punched his cock into me, each time gaining more,
    my anal tract forced to accept the raping cock. He would pull out a bit,
    then punch it back in again, my asshole beginning to spasm on it, massaging
    it, pleasuring him with my pain. My stomach cramped as he entered my colon,
    forcing it to straighten as he buried it deep inside me. In and out, punching
    his cock from inside me.  
I
    felt him pull his cock from my asshole, the retreat as painful as the entry.
    If felt like my insides were being sucked out. His hands were around my breasts,
    using them as grips to pull and push me off the raping cock.  &ldquo;UUUUUU.&rdquo;  
I
    didn't have to wait long before he pushed back in, using all of his force
    to tear into my asshole. My sphincter had long given up the fight, my rectum
    torn and bleeding. He fucked back in me, grabbing my nipples in a painful
    grip to increase my pain. &ldquo;  SSSTTTPPP,
    NNNNN, UUUUUUUUUUUU.&rdquo;  
He
    pulled out and fucked back in again, taking my breath away, his fingers continuing
    to punish my nipples as he did.  &ldquo;GGGGDD&hellip;SSSSTTTP..PPPLLLS!&rdquo;  The
    raping cock continued to beat my anal tract, banging painfully into the sides,
    stretching my colon, tearing my rectum. My body was rocked in pain, his cock
    massaged in pleasure by my pain racked asshole.  
&ldquo;SCREAM
    you CUNT! SCREAM!&rdquo;  
His
    cock pushed inside me, my stomach cramping on the raping cock, the spasm
    of my anal track milking his cock. He yanked me up by my nipples, my feet
    leaving the ground, his cock firmly embedded inside me. It felt like it was
    over two feet long, a hard pulsating log of cock buried deep in my asshole.
    I felt dirty, my asshole used for a receptacle for his cum, unable to stop
    him from heaping unspeakable degradation on my teenage body. I did not think
    I would survive the ordeal, the pain overwhelming my senses. I felt it begin
    to shoot, growing in size, tearing more flesh before giving me a sperm enema,
    filling my colon with his hot jism. It felt like gallons of hot cum filling
    my body, my stomach gurgling with the hot cream. My asshole clenched and
    unclenched on the raping cock in pain as it was forced to accept his cum
    once again.  
&ldquo;SCREAM
    Cunt!&rdquo; Dumping his dirty cum inside me.  
My
    body slumped down, exhausted, pain ridden. He pulled his cock from my asshole
    with a pop, small farts of air escaping as it came out. Cum and blood dripped
    from my torn asshole, sliding down my thighs. My crotch was now just one
    mass of pain, I was unable to distinguish the pain from my pussy from the
    pain of my asshole. All of my sex was beaten and raw. My asshole still burned
    from the cr&egrave;me, my rectum still clenching and unclenching as though
    his cock was still embedded inside me.  
He
    pulled my arms down from the rope. &ldquo;I'm going to tie you up on the
    bed and FUCK you all night,&rdquo; laughing as he threw me over his shoulder
    and tossed me down on the bed.  
I
    looked up and his cock was already getting hard. I knew that as soon as he
    inflicted some pain on me, he would be ready to rape me again. I shuddered,
    not knowing what he would do, just knowing that I would feel the pain again.  
The End  
The illustrated version of this story
    can be found on my website at Poweronestories.com.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





