BDSM Library - Vicki's Request




Vicki's Request
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Vicki's RequestVicki's Request 
"So what are you doing?" Tom called from the living
  room. Vicki did not hear she was entranced between the screen before her and
  her own imagination. 
'What would it be like?' she mused, fantasized,
  and visualized. Her nipples tweaked as a hot flash ran through her center.  
"Honey, where are you?" A voice echoed thru
  her fantasy Tom his voice. Oh  
"In here, I'm just " She faded as her eyes eagerly
  danced thru the passages. She felt hot, almost wet, excited.  
"Oh " Tom passed the doorway. "There again. So
  what are you reading this time?"  
"Give me a few minutes to finish this story and
  I'll tell you. Okay?" Vicki paused from the screen to look directly at her
  husband. He smiled. He liked the passion these things kindled in his wife,
  and their discussions had often left him curiously aroused.  
"Sure." He sauntered into the garage and fussed
  about his workbench knowing those few minutes might last twenty to thirty.
  He smiled at the possibilities he might explore thereafter.  
Vicki read on it only took her another ten minutes
  then she printed the story. Something about events in this particular story
  held her captive. She had read and reread this one several times. Why not share
  it with Tom? He might just find something that he enjoyed too besides it was
  appropriate for them to share common interests. It helped build unity and understanding
  between them and it turned her on so why not share it with Tom?  
Vicki sat at the table with several pieces of printed
  paper in front of her waiting for Tom to finish in the garage. It didn't take
  too long before he came in from the garage. Vicki was still lost in fantasy
  excited sitting silently.  
"Oh, hi." Tom said as the door closed behind him. "Did
  you enjoy yourself?" He asked somewhat rhetorically. "Want a glass of water?" Tom
  opened the refrigerator door and pour two glasses just past half full. "What's
  it this time?" He sat at the table with Vicki. She pushed the papers towards
  him as she sipped the water.  
"What's this?"  
"It's one of my favorite stories. I thought you
  might like to read it." Vicki sat in silence watching Tom read the story. After
  he turned the first several pages Vicki left to visit the bathroom Tom read
  on. He was near finished by the time she returned.  
Vicki fussed at the sink while he finished. Her
  stomach churned about in the silence. Vicki fidgeted about the sink, nervous.
  It took courage to share the dark places even with one you love and trust.
  She felt embarrassed almost sick to her stomach. She wished for a moment that
  she had never printed the pages.  
"Interesting. So what do you like so much about
  this one?" Tom puzzled thumbing back thru the pages.  
"I'm not sure really. What did you think?" Vicki
  leaned against the counter facing Tom.  
"She sure got herself into it big time don't you
  think?"  
"I guess but she kind of knew it before she signed
  the papers It's kind of like she choose to have those things done even if she
  didn't know what was going to happen to her."  
"Yeah. I guess so. But to be taken like that " Tom
  trailed off.  
"Exactly! Knowing her life was not at risk, yet
  taken by her consent against her will into the unknown what a rush!" Tom looked
  curiously at Vicki.  
"Go on " Tom invited Vicki to continue. "Well,
  she knew it was coming, just not when or how. She signed a consent form and
  everything. She had to know they were coming someday and she knew her life
  was neither at risk, nor would there be any serious injury and they just took
  her safely against her will in the moment."  
"That's like signing up for the panic of a kidnapping
  only with safety bumpers." Tom said puzzling at the obvious excitement in Vicki's
  voice.  
"Well, kind of but what a rush!"  
"Okay and the way they used her?" Tom questioned
  kind of getting a glimpse of things Vicki was trying to say, and yet not say.
  Yet still, Tom had only a very vague idea at best.  
"Yes they did." Vicki said flatly. "They used her
  and she had no options, absolutely nothing she could do about any of it. It
  is so intense."  
"So you really like this What if it was you in
  that story?" Tom offered in rebuttal. "Would you want to be taken and used
  like that?" Tom paused for effect. "I mean really, honestly?" Vicki paused
  before responding.  
"Actually, Love, I think I would really enjoy it
  honestly." Vicki flushed warm thru her center. Her nipples twitched hardening
  slightly beneath her bra. Tom noticed the lumps rising in the fabric.  
"Really. But she was kind of 'raped', shared
  by any number of men, her body and sex used for their entertainment and she
  was coupled with a dog before she was returned to her husband. Did we read
  the same story?&quot;" Vicki nodded slowly. She was burning beneath her outward
  appearance. Maybe Tom saw  
"And branded before she was returned." Vicki smiled.
  She knew the story well.  
"And you really think you would enjoy something
  like this?" Tom asked not entirely sure what to make of it.  
"Yeah. I like the scenario safely taken against
  her will she submits to whatever and then is returned to her husband and family." Vicki
  shifted her hips. She sensed the passions rising inside her body. She wanted
  Tom to take care of her soon.  
"Well, I suppose I like the whole thing with the
  dog Why don't you try that?"  
"I don't know. I'm not sure how I would feel about
  myself later not that I would mind or would say no it's just that to say come
  over here Fido and 'do' me is a bit &ndash; icky &ndash; to me. Though
  I think if it was done to me, I wouldn't mind it at all I've kind of fantasized
  about that if you know what I mean " Vicki trailed off waiting to see Tom's
  reaction.  
"So if I tied you up somehow and had a dog mount
  you not only would that be okay with that, but you would like it?" Tom asked
  curiously.  
"Exactly."  
"Oh." Tom sat in silence pondering the thing a
  moment. His cock getting rigid as her considered the possibilities.  
"And if I had you abducted, taken and used like
  this I supposed you'd like that too?" Tom asked only half intending any kind
  of answer. Vicki paused several long seconds before saying anything.  
"Sure could you " Vicki mused over the ideas running
  like lightening thru her mind. "Would you?" Vicki looked directly into Tom's
  eyes. It was a question in the moment that neither had anticipated.  
"I'm sure I could, but really honestly " Tom back
  peddled slightly.  
"Why not?! Could you you know arrange it somehow.
  I mean wow!" Vicki queried.  
"I don't know really. But would you really want
  that even if I could figure it out?" Tom sputtered.  
"I think so " Vicki paused thinking honestly. "Yeah,
  sure. I think if we could figure it out I would like that very much." Vicki's
  sex was hot moisture seeping from her passion. Now it was Tom's turn to ponder
  things.  
"Well, I think I could find someone to help out
  but are you sure? I mean to have someone abduct you by force against your will,
  rape you as it were, wax your sex, torture your tender places, and use you,
  give you to a dog and return you home safe and sound?" Tom wasn't sure they
  were on the same thing here.  
Vicki pondered each word abducted, taken raped &ndash; well
  not really, but then that is sex against her will anyway waxed, tied, tortured
  okay and sex with a dog okay.  
"And branded." Vicki's stomach flipped as she contemplated
  such things. "But I would have to know it was with you, so I'd be safe and
  all. I mean, I don't have a death wish or anything like that and I don't want
  to be hurt I mean a real injury, cuz the wax and branding thing is gonna hurt
  some."  
"Are you sure?" Tom reiterated the question.  
"Yes." This time Vicki did not hesitate. Her heart
  was racing at the possibility.  
"Let me think about it. I mean if you want to that's
  okay but I need to think about how I feel and if so, how to do it? Vicki smiled
  as she took Tom by the hand.  
"Come with me " She could wait no longer. Her passions
  needed some relief.  
PART TWO  
Okay, Tom thought as he worked thru
  the next several days. I don't get it. But then it wasn't his request either,
  so he really didn't need to completely comprehend the erotica that Vicki desired.
  She aroused him and having her satisfied, excited, and or aroused had an invigorating
  erotic effect upon himself. In fact thinking about her sexual adventures created
  more than a little discomfort for the moment. Tom's manhood felt too prominent
  for the work place.  
Okay so maybe he would oblige her desires  
But how? He pondered her request for several days.
  He reread the story several times pondering events, think about how he might
  do these things, and how he felt about it. Telling Vicki too much would destroy
  the reality of abduction or the intensity of having her taken sexually. Yet
  without some indication of safety erotica would be nothing more than trauma
  and her safety was a real concern then too there was his love for her as his
  wife and all could he watch her being abducted, raped, and tortured or better
  could he participate in any manner. Tom struggled with his thoughts alone over
  the next week.  
Vicki noticed the missing story. Her heart jumped
  and stopped. In its place was a simple consent/release form. One person named "Vicki" would
  consent to abduction and/or rape by unknown persons at an undetermined time
  and hold said parties blameless for such acts and Vicki had to sign it now
  or never Fantasy was one thing and reality very much another. With her passions
  not soaring wildly, reality seemed a bit well, real! Everything inside Vicki
  strained to stop her shaking hand as she signed the paper. And the safe word
  - thumper. Vicki wrote it down putting it away in her purse.  
The next day the paper with her signature was gone.
  Tom said nothing about it. Vicki dared not ask lest it might not happen yet
  still that it might just happen! And that both excited and scared her at the
  same time.  
Okay yes. Tom would arrange her abduction. He would
  give 'her' sex over to her abductors. Tom was not sure that he could
  be party to those particular fears and tears. Tom was  sure
  he could do most of the tortures she fantasized about. Yes, he could do those
  and maybe even the branding then that brought up another quandary. What to
  brand her with and where to place such a mark?  
She wanted something feminine. What might that
  be? And she would have to work soon afterward, so where to place it without
  impeding her daily life? Tom considered these things carefully. These were
  not request to be taken lightly.  
Trauma v. safety erotic fantasy v. reality Who,
  what, where, when? And the cost of things had to be considered too There was
  always someone willing to fuck a pretty woman but this was his woman, more
  over, his wife the woman HE loved.  
Tom decided upon a four-day weekend. Time off from
  work might tip his hand.  
"Jake, your pretty open minded. I wanna get your
  opinion about something." Tom puzzled at lunch. "You know my wife, Vicki. Well,
  she was telling me about some fantasy &ndash; dream thing the other day. Your
  Ex ever tell you anything like that. I mean really personal kind of fantasies."  
"Naw not really. I guess talking about stuff was
  kind-a one of the things we didn't do very well."  
"Well, Vicki handed me a story about a woman getting
  abducted and used by a bunch of guys kind of a payment for some money she got.
  With every woman saying NO all the time ever wonder, I mean really wonder what
  they want I mean no is NO except that sometimes they just don't want it to
  be no . Right? How are guys supposed to know what's what's? Except that legally
  no is ALWAYS no. So how do you know?"  
Jake was someone Tom trusted he lay out her fantasy
  over lunch. And that was hard! Just think of asking someone you   know
  to fuck your  wife even with your permission after they
  considered your own mental state, well, how much off of the center line do
  any of us share, ever, even with people we trust completely? To say it was
  hard would be too large and understatement yet Tom found the courage to talk
  it over with his friend Jake. Tom let him read the story to give him a picture
  of what Vicki wanted.  
"So Vicki wants me to do this thing... and I'm
  not sure how really... but I was thinking, well, sure why not!" Tom stumbled
  about a bit.  
"Interested?" Tom finally croaked out flatly feeling
  the question strangle in his throat even as he asked it.  
"Not sure. I mean Vicki's great and all, but what
  about us &ndash; you and me &ndash; here at work afterwards? And this would
  all be legal? Like, she's not gonna charge me with assault or anything?"  
"No assault. I'll make it at work. Can you?" Tom
  asked  
"Let me think about it?"  
A few days later Tom had one of his assailants.
  Jake would need help. Tom and Jake interviewed several guys Jake knew before
  they had assembled enough manpower, three, for a safe quick abduction. Tom
  did not know either of them and they did not work together. Tom felt a bit
  of distance would protect Vicki, Jake and Tom. They set upon a date two months
  from now. That would give enough time for Vicki to forget as it were or at
  least shelf the idea. Surprise would have to be part and parcel of any real
  attempt at abduction. Then there were details to be worked out and a dry run
  or two to be done.  
PART THREE  
Tom decided that to make the abduction
  part of some rather normal event say an appliance repair or carpet cleaner
  There were three men. Two would grab her arms while the other bagged her head
  with a simple pillowcase. Vicki would have a dog collar buckled about the bottom
  of the pillowcase. This would prevent the hood from dislodging and provide
  a 'D' ring for tether purposes during the coming events. She would be
  cuffed or tied and gagged immediately. Her legs bound quickly together at the
  ankles and knees. A simple PVC pipe would be fashioned into a 'bit gag'
  and tied to silence her struggles. Vicki would be deposited into a van, one
  of the guys had an inconspicuous work type van they would use. If all went
  well no one would get so much as a bruise. Each of the three men were at liberty
  and expected to fuck her as they wished as often as they wished and in any
  manner they wished after all what would a good abduction/rape be without a
  bit of fucking. How, when, and where would be up to them Tom didn't really
  want to know those details. When they had completed this first 'Act of
  Abduction' they would inform Vicki by use of the 'safe word' that Tom
  had sent them to pay her a visit  
After Vicki's abduction and rape they would take
  her, completely naked, to shipping truck that Tom had rented from you know
  the 'yellow/orange' place. There Tom would be ready for her. Tom would
  torture her as per her fantasies a ride on the wooden horse pins for tenders
  wonderful rope bindings There he would shave her sex bald and wax it. Hot wax
  from a simple fondue pot washed across tenderness and dribbled until all was
  covered, uncovered and re-waxed. No tears would deter her request only care
  to not injure.  
Vicki would remain hooded, though not gagged, thru
  the whole of the weekend. To long a period being gagged might hurt her jaws.
  No one else would be allowed to speak especially not Tom. Any instructions
  would be solely thru a simple taped recording from a voice she would not know.  
On Saturday Vicki would be bound hands to knees
  and mated with a dog. Pictures! Tom would need a good camera.  
On Sunday, at half time, dressed in only corset
  and hood Vicki will be sold at an auction to one of the men that abducted her.
  Vicki would be escorted to a house or motel room for the night where her new owner   will
  make use of her until Monday evening. Tom decided he would conduct the auction.  
Monday morning Vicki will be fitted with a special
  bra, 600 plus grit sandpaper, automotive sanding paper, will be glued into
  the areas about her nipples. ONE thumbtack will be pressed thru the paper so
  as to be between the paper and the fabric. This one tack will be centered at
  her nipple. Ten or twelve more thumbtacks will be randomly glued thru the fabric
  about the cup. This she would wear with her corset until the beginning of work
  Tuesday morning.  
Monday evening a small brand would be placed just
  above and to the left on her sex over her pubic mound. Vicki would be home.  
Part IV  
Reality meets fantasy  
All was set into place now Tom waited. Vicki said
  nothing more about it. Tom grew a bit fidgety as the chosen date approached.
  He had scheduled a small private carpet cleaner to do three rooms late on a
  Friday afternoon. Vicki seemed to have forgotten the carpet cleaning which
  played perfectly into Tom's plans. Jake and two men arrived at 3 PM right on
  time. Tom helped Vicki quickly move the couch, chair, bedroom set, and dresser
  then Tom left to get some thing or another from the supermarket. As Tom's car
  backed out of the drive things began for Vicki.  
Jake nudged a small lamp knocking it to the floor.
  Vicki spun about at the commotion.  
"Thumper's gonna have my ass for that!" Jake said
  clearly. The man closest to her grabbed Vicki's arm as she passed by spinning
  her around. Vicki stumbled slightly catching her balance quickly. Vicki tugged
  her arm. He held it tightly. Jake jammed a pillowcase over her head as the
  second man caught her other arm. Both men quickly drew Vicki's arms together
  behind her.  
"Get the F&mdash; off me!" She screamed thrashing
  violently, kicking out at whatever she might strike. Jake placed the bit gag
  over her head, into her gaping mouth and tugging it snugly into place. Vicki
  screamed but nothing audible came out... only a very angry noise! One of the
  men nearly tackled Vicki trying to capture thrashing legs before anyone got
  seriously kicked. In another few fleeting seconds Vicki's legs were bound securely
  together. One of the men picked Vicki up stepping into her bedroom and tossed
  her onto her bed.  
"Umpppfff  &frac14;  " was
      all that Vicki uttered before the bit bound her mouth. Panic raced wildly
      thru her mind. The pillowcase hid everyone from her vision though she could
      just make out shadows here and there. What the hell was happening! And
      it was all happening so quickly. She felt herself being swooped upward
      bent at the waist... and over someone's shoulder  &frac14;   and
      bouncing hard on the bed nearly knocked the wind out of her. She groaned
      momentarily lapsing into a limp heap. Hands found her breasts  &frac14;   the
      button of her jeans  &frac14;   the
      zipper. Vicki's eyed widened in shear terror. She struggled against her
      bindings. They dug painfully into her wrists and ankles.    
Vicki screamed as best she could though
      no words of any kind found utterance. Vicki shook her shoulders try to
      free her breasts from her assailant's hands. Something tore or cut the
      tee shirt she was wearing  &frac14;   and
      her bra. Hands found her bare breasts pinching hard upon her nipples. Vicki
      screeched again. Her thrashing jerked horribly upon her tender nipples
      held fast and hard above her. Tears trickled down her cheeks  &frac14;   a
      tug nearly pulled her off of the bed as her jeans found her ankle bindings.
      Vicki's panties cut thru the sides pulled coarsely between her legs. Vicki
      could feel the bindings on her ankles loosen. She tried to lash out to
      kick someone, something, but only found her ankles caught inside her own
      jeans. Strong hands grasped her calves  &frac14;   her
      jeans fell away  &frac14;   her
      legs pulled wide apart dragging her hips to the edge of her own bed. Vicki
      tried to kick, to pull, to flail at her captors.    
Something large and dry poked hard at
      her sex  &frac14;   once  &frac14;   twice  &frac14;   three
      times  &frac14;   
"Umpppfff  &frac14;  " Vicki
      hollered beneath her gag. At the forth poking his hard dry manhood found
      the opening to Vicki's sex. She was not ready! Her tender labia were dry.
      It pulled hard at her pussy and he forced his manhood deep into her body.
      Wildly Jake began pumping at Vicki's sex. Vicki struggled  &frac14;   in
      vein  &frac14;   she
      was being raped on her own bed  &frac14;   in
      her own home. Tears streaked Vicki's cheeks as she felt the man swell inside
      her  &frac14;   and
      deposit his cum inside her pussy. A shudder ran violently through her being.
      The horror began anew. Another was taking his turn at her sex. Though Vicki's
      sex was slick she felt disgust at the intrusion. Her own body betraying
      her, Vicki's sex began to feel  &frac14;   stimulated.
      He came before she had much response. In another quick motion her legs
      twisted rolling Vicki upon her stomach. Her legs were again bound at the
      ankles. Then doubling back upon herself at the knees Vicki's ankles were
      bound to the back of her legs.   
Another man's cock poked at her anus.
      Like Jake it took several hard thrusts before his cock found her bottom  &frac14;   It
      opened painfully. He pressed his manhood. Vicki wept her shoulders shuddering
      as he came quickly.    
Vicki lay motionless half on the bed
      half kneeling on the floor  &frac14;   naked  &frac14;   bound  &frac14;   violated  &frac14;   waiting.
      Waiting for what? She dared not consider the possibilities of her predicament.
      Fear raced through her mind. Panic waned replaced with the sickening feeling
      of violation. One of the three men picked up Vicki's feet placing them
      into a canvas laundry bag. Quickly they slipped the bag about her body.
      Vicki slumped into a dark place as the drawstring cinched the top closed.
      Two of her assailants picked Vicki up carrying her from her home. With
      a thud Vicki found herself deposited upon the floor of their van  &frac14;   
"Thumper - Tom sends his best wishes for this weekend." The
  recorded voice said into Vicki's stunned ears. It was like the whole world
  lifted in that instant. She would be safe. Her life preserved. She would not
  be injured out right. And she would be home... again... in time. The voice
  had said so! Whatever else might happen, this had been at her request. Vicki
  wept in silence this time in relief. She shook the panic out of her head stealing
  herself for events in her immediate future.  
The doors of the van slammed shut. Twenty minutes
  give or take and Vicki was on her way to where or what she simply did not know
  She had signed up for this asked Tom to oblige her Vicki knew her reality in
  this very moment.  
Tom returned home within thirty or so minutes.
  Vicki was gone. There wasn't much to indicate a struggle just a broken lamp
  and her cloths, torn, and tossed about and a stain at the edge of the bed cum
  he supposed. Tom picked up Vicki's torn clothes putting them in her draw. ' Momentos  '
  of an abduction and rape, her weekend Tom mused to himself. The undamaged clothes
  he put in the laundry. Tom left the furniture as it was. Real carpet cleaners
  were due on Saturday morning. He cleaned up a bit. Removed the broken lamp.
  Hopefully they had taken Vicki by surprise. Tom stripped the bedding placing
  it in the washer. He remade the bed quietly waiting for the first phone call
  from Vicki's abductors.  
Ring ring ring Tom could not breathe as he raced
  to the phone. In his fervor he bumped the phone with his hand nearly knocking
  it off the counter.  
"Hello." Tom choked in a dry raspy voice.  
"We got her." It was Jake. "Yeah. She's okay Naw,
  not much took her easily Yeah, we did her Joey's keeping busy now. (Chuckling)
  Exactly as we planned. Yeah, I'll leave her in the truck about 10 AM tomorrow
  You sure about this Yeah, sure We can make real good use of her for the night.
  Sure thing No Yes, I know. We'll leave the pillowcase on. She'll be fine I
  promise Honest See you tomorrow bye." Tom's hands were cold, sweating cold
  and shaking as he hung up the phone. Vicki was okay that was what mattered
  most! Tom sat hard into the chair with a heavy sigh. Then the demons, his demons,
  slow began to set in  
Not jealousy really but something something hurtful
  in his heart, stomach, at his very center. His Vicki was not here. Tom did
  not know where Vicki was. He and Jake had decided it best for him not to know
  lest his demons overpower him with remorse in the moment. It was a wise decision.
  In fact, Jake had called from a payphone. So Tom could not reach anyone until
  tomorrow morning. The quiet was deafening! TV, maybe the noise would help.
  Tom turned on the TV nothing worth the time to watch damn! Why did tonight
  have to be one of those nights when nothing worth watching was on! DAMN fifteen
  minutes it seemed like more, much more. Okay, this would not due. Tom decided
  to get out of the house dinner and a movie well, burgers and a movie... or
  not. Maybe a visit to the local pub a stripper strutting her stuff might just
  help his mood. Tom grinned as he started the car. His heart was still racing
  wildly, but he felt a bit better.  
9:15 AM Where were the carpet cleaners? 9:23 9:30
  Finally. They were twenty minutes late! Today of all days too. Tom set about
  getting them started. It was 9:47 before he got the car out of the drive and
  a twenty-minute drive to where he had left the 'yellow' truck. Vicki
  would be there for nearly ten minutes with no one about, just bound and waiting.
  Tom hurried.  
There she was, his Vicki. Exactly as she was supposed
  to be. Vicki stood at the center of the delivery truck, complete naked. Jake
  and the boys had done well. Vicki's arms were tied to an eye-hook in board
  at the ceiling. Though her arms were above her head they were not stretched
  upward. In fact, Vicki's arms rested upon the tether as she stood silently.
  Her head remained in the pillowcase. The collar, though nearly obscured from
  view, struck Tom as cute. He smiled. The bit gag kept Vicki saying little more
  than an occasional "Uuummppff". Vicki's nipples stood erect in the mid-morning
  chill. She had GREAT nipples. Her breasts nicely shaped and firm, were an arousing
  spectacle. Tom sensed an arousal in his manhood. Vicki's ankles were locked
  into a homemade spreader bar. Jake had the keys. Tom could collapse the bar
  at the center allowing Vicki's legs to be bound securely together or fix the
  bar to spread her legs some thirty inches apart.  
The cargo area was vacant, a perfect location for
  their weekend's torture. Tom had cleaned it well enough yesterday. He had picked
  up a twin mattress and blankets from the local second hand store. A port-a-pot
  from a friend's camp trailer would serve Vicki for the weekend. There was running
  water at a house only five hundred yards away. Tom had brought two chairs,
  a bowl for water, and few other small items he thought might be fun. Tom pressed
  the button on the recorder.  
"After you are shaven you will be allowed to ride
  our little wooden horsey. Do you understand?" Vicki nodded her head.  
Tom lathered her sex and began to shave it carefully.
  Tom used two new razors shaving Vicki's sex twice. Each fold carefully lathered,
  inspected, and shaved. After Tom was finished he stepped back to examine his
  work. Vicki's sex was smooth enough to reflect the dim light. Tom worked lotion
  over the tender newly shorn flesh. Carefully he slipped slick fingers across
  her delicate sex Vicki groaned, twitched, and shuddered. Her hips began to
  move slightly meeting his touch. Tom worked her clit tenderly. Vicki groaned
  eagerly. Her knees buckled as she came with in a shudder. Tom smiled continuing
  to roll he clit. Vicki nearly fell struggling with her balance while cumming.
  Tom trickled his finger from her clit upward along her tummy until her tweaked
  her left nipple. Vicki sagged against the suspension rope.  
Tom took a length of nylon rope and began to loop
  it tightly around her left breast. One loop he pulled it taught two three four
  and half hitch around her back twice before criss-crossing between each breasts
  then one loop about the right breast he pulled it taught two three four a half
  hitch and round her back twice more. The tag end Tom tied securely at her back.
  The left breast was beginning to acquire a slight color.  
Tom slid two chairs, one on each side of Vicki.
  He piled several old books he had found at the second hand store on the seat
  of each chair. Tom collapsed the spreader bar grabbing Vicki's ankles he drew
  her legs close together. Then he passed a wooden handrail (1 &frac12; in. in
  diameter) between her legs. Tom drew the slack out of Vicki's tether forcing
  her to her tiptoes. With a little adjustment, a book here or there, the wooden
  bar pressed firmly into the smooth crevasses of Vicki's labia. Tom pushed two
  thumbtacks through several layers of duct tape tapping them to the bottom of
  Vicki's heels. Tom slackened only slightly the tether above Vicki's head. Instinctively
  Vicki rested upon her feet. The tacks quickly returned Vicki to her tiptoes
  causing Vicki to stumble forward slightly. She sat hard upon her sex pressing
  the wooden pole hard into her pussy. She groaned struggling to regain her balance
  relieving the pain in her crotch.  
Tom compressed the two pieces of plastic together.
  These particular clothes-pins had little grooves to hold better clothes better
  and nipples more painfully. Vicki screamed in surprise as the pin closed over
  her right nipple then her left. Several times she sat hard upon the wooden
  pole rising to stand upon the tacks She danced painfully shaking her chest
  trying to rid herself of the painful pins. They went nowhere. Vicki's breasts
  were beginning to show a tint of color from the bindings. Finally, Tom set
  the timer on their video recorder. Ten minutes should be enough time to allow
  for the ride to begin. Tom hustled out locking the door behind him. The carpet
  cleaners were waiting It would be nearly an hour before he could return.  
"Enjoy your ride." He mused to himself. Tom started
  the car.  
Vicki's ears pricked at the door opening.
      Vicki's nakedness, her exposure and vulnerability to whomever seemed a
      faint concern to the startled sounds braking her silence. The light straining
      thru her hood seemed near blinding. Vicki grunted thru her gag. She strained
      on each sound  &frac14;   to
      locate it  &frac14;   follow
      it  &frac14;   identify
      it  &frac14;   to
      find any solace in anything about her. Vicki flinched at the touch of someone
      upon her body. She grunted again.   
"After you are shaven you will be allowed
      to ride our little wooden horse. Do you understand?" Vicki nodded. Who
      the hell was that? She did not recognize the voice though she did get the
      sound of a cheap recording. "Shaven?" Shave what? Vicki wondered  &frac14;   not
      her head surely  &frac14;   that?
      Vicki almost chuckled  &frac14;   probably.
      Vicki jump a bit as someone touched her pussy  &frac14;   the
      sound of lather from a shaving cream can  &frac14;   Actually
      it felt good, no, better than good  &frac14;   stimulating
      as he spread the lather about her sex. Vicki stood rigidly still as the
      razor danced across her tender, delicate skin. She did not particularly
      want a boo-boo around her pussy. Vicki groaned with pleasure as the attention
      stimulated her passions. She could sense the stimulation of the sex. Vicki
      groaned with pleasure. The sound of lather brought her back to reality
      momentarily. It felt good when he spread the slick cream about her sex.
      Vicki imagined seeing this person stretch her labia stroking it smooth,
      while exploring her sex. It was very erotic. She shuddered briefly. There
      was no drag on the razor as it glided across her soft sex. Smooth  &frac14;   She
      could feel how smooth her skin had become. Her sex occupied every conscious
      area of her mind and body. Vicki yearned to cum, to satisfy her passions.
      Her mind screamed for pleasure. He rolled her firm clit and Vicki exploded
      losing her balance sagging upon the ropes holding her arms above her head.
      Her legs seemed like rubber and did not support her as she came over and
      over. Vicki gave herself over completely to her own passion as orgasm after
      orgasm shook her very center. It stopped  &frac14;   the
      touch trailed off  &frac14;   
Vicki struggled upright. Her arms ached
      from her own weight  &frac14;   then
      something  &frac14;  about
      her breast. Ouch! It pinched cinched tightly almost cutting her breast
      in half  &frac14;   then
      it was looped about again and again. Then the other breasts  &frac14;   
What was that? A sound  &frac14;   almost
      familiar  &frac14;   but
      not  &frac14;   and
      again. Vicki was not sure what was going on. She did not understand the
      sounds about her. Then something hard pressed between her legs. Fingers
      separated her labia. It was adjusted upward pressing harder into her sex.
      It felt uncomfortable. The rope tugged at her aching arms. Vicki stood
      tall to her tiptoes  &frac14;   then
      something at her feet  &frac14;   but
      what? The rope slackened. Vicki stepped down. Ouch! Damn! That hurt. But
      what? She stood on her tiptoes. Whatever it was it was sharp and hurt when
      it bit into her heel. Vicki tugged a bit at the rope helping to hold herself
      off her heels.    
OUCH!!!!!!!!! She screamed in pain as
      the clothespin bit into her tender nipple. Instinctively she shook her
      chest trying to get it off. Vicki lost her balance falling forward on to
      her sex. That hurt! Vicki struggled to focus on standing. OUCH!!!!!!!!
      The pin bit into her other nipple. Vicki shook her chest taking care not
      to loose her balance. The tack at her heel bit hard. Vicki screamed in
      pain. The door clattered shut! Vicki screamed in anger and pain. Slowly
      the pins settled into a burning sensation at her nipples. Vicki struggled
      to keep her balance. Her arms tired. She sat gingerly upon the rod in her
      groin. Quickly that became very uncomfortable. Vicki tested her feet. That
      thing still poked painfully into her heel. She pulled at the rope tugging
      herself onto her tiptoes. Vicki stood in the stillness. Her nipples burnt
      into the depth of her mind. Time past slowly. A tear began to trickle down
      her cheek as the first of the cramps in her calves beset her.    
Vicki danced about trying to relieve
      the cramp in her left calf. The pain it was inflicting over powered the
      burning in her nipples. Finally Vicki had no choice but to try and sit
      resting her sore cramped calves. Vicki shifted about trying to find a bit
      of comfort. She rested  &frac14;   sitting
      began to hurt her sex  &frac14;   her
      tender parts being pinched upon the rod by her own weight. Vicki tugged
      herself to her tiptoes. She stood  &frac14;   in
      time the cramps returned. Vicki sat. She could not sit as long as before.
      Her sex began to ache. Vicki stood. Her calves cramped far too soon. Vicki
      sat  &frac14;   the
      ride had begun. Within twenty thirty minutes Vicki was bouncing up and
      down on the rod between her legs  &frac14;   mimicking
      the rhythm of riding a pony  &frac14;   up
      and down she bounced trying to find something that didn't hurt. Her nipples
      burned pure fire as she pummeled her own sex in the stillness. Vicki screamed
      thru the gag  &frac14;   and
      wept  &frac14;   and
      rode on.   
   
Tom thought about Vicki the whole way back to the
  house. He hoped that she would be all right. No reason really to think that
  she might not be all right, yet still. She was alone, hanging from the ceiling,
  naked in an empty delivery truck, and riding her little wooden pony. So Tom
  felt concern. He pulled into the driveway. Tom could hear the cleaning machine
  before he opened the door. They were in the back room. One full room to go.
  There was not enough time to drive back and he could not leave just yet either.
  Vicki would have to ride on a bit longer. Tom winced at the delay.  
The carpet cleaners finished in another twenty
  minutes or so. Tom paced while they loaded their equipment.  
"Now give the carpets a full day to dry before
  you walk on them. It should be okay by nightfall but keep it down until Monday." Tom
  handed the man a check. They got into their work van. Tom locked the front
  door and headed back to Vicki. Twenty minutes drive just over an hour ten Tom
  opened the door.  
Vicki was bouncing methodically upon the wooden
  rod. He could hear her sobbing softly. It nearly broke Tom's heart right there.
  He struggled within himself as he released Vicki's arms from the ceiling. Tom
  clicked the handcuffs closed behind Vicki's back. Carefully he lifted Vicki
  off of the pole and removed the tacks at her heels. Vicki's legs wobbled as
  she struggle to regain her balance and the strength of spent legs. Shortly
  she stopped sobbing.  
Vicki's breasts were purple. Tom took three or
  four quick pictures. Then he removed the first of the clothe-spins. Blood rushed
  into flat nipples. Vicki screamed struggling to free her arms, to rub sympathy
  into pain ridden areas. Then Tom removed the second clothespin. Vicki fell
  to her knees. Tom struggled to catch her, to keep her from injury. Vicki wept
  uncontrollably. Tom removed the bit gag. Vicki coughed, cried, and coughed
  again.  
"Thank you'," as all Vicki said. Tom helped Vicki
  to the small bed. He sat silently in the chair until she began to move. Tom
  hated to remove the rope halter. Vicki's breasts were a colorful novelty he
  could not resist. But he thought better of the situation. They too needed a
  rest.  
Tom brought Vicki a glass of wine. Carefully he
  passed the straw thru a tiny hole at the base of the pillowcase. The liquid
  disappeared quickly. Vicki rested in silence. She ached everywhere. After thirty
  minutes or so Tom helped Vicki to use the toilet. Then he fed her a slim fast
  shake. She needed nourishment as well as fluids. Vicki drank it thankfully.  
"I have a few errands. I will return soon enough.
  Now you must rest." Tom played the recorded message for Vicki.  
"No. Wait. Please take the hood off. Don't leave." Vicki
  pleaded. Tom smiled pulling the door closed at he left.  
Vicki lay motionless on the mattress.
      She was emotionally numb and physically spent  &frac14;   and
      it was only Saturday though Vicki had no real idea of when  &frac14;   just
      Saturday. This past twenty-four hours seemed like an eternity  &frac14;   and
      yet in another way barely a blink of time. Vicki dozed off too tired to
      remain awake.   
Barking woke Vicki from her nap. What
      the heck! Instantly fear seized Vicki. Had someone found her? Would her
      fantasy end so soon? What would they do to her? She felt embarrassed and
      scared.   
Tom opened the door. It took a bit of coaxing but
  soon enough he and both dogs had climbed inside. Tom closed the door. Vicki's
  heart raced wildly. Her fears running faster than her heart. Tom pressed the
  button on the recorder.  
"This is your special time . Do you Vicki take
  these mutts to be your companions and mates to service them at their every
  whim that they will posses your sex as they choose in every manner at every
  time and in any place."  
Vicki lay in stunned silence.  
"Good. From this day forward thru dawn on the marrow
  these dogs will posses own and use your sex as they desire. You will not be
  allowed to deny them in any manner." The recording ended.  
Tom lifted Vicki at the middle. Once to her knees
  he fastened the spreader bar at he ankles spreading her feet wide apart. Next
  he attached another bar spreading her knees nearly as wide as her feet. Lastly
  Tom tethered Vicki's wrists to her knees with small chains. Vicki felt exposed
  and vulnerable. She tried to move, to stand, to get away. The hobbles worked
  very well. Tom tied a cloth scarf about Vicki's pillowcase. It served an adequate
  gag without the hardness of the bit at the sides of her mouth and jaws. Vicki
  knelt in silence considering her situation.  
Tom fed a spoon full of honey and peanut butter
  he had mixed this morning to each of the dogs. Then he spread a generous amount
  on Vicki's rectum and labia. Tom snapped his fingers pointing at the stuff
  on Vicki's bottom. Then he sat down camera in hand.  
The large dog, a black lab, sniffed at Vicki's
  bottom. She jumped trying to scurry away. Her hobbles kept her mostly at bay.
  Tom took several pictures of Vicki's struggles and the labs nose at her bottom.
  Vicki could see the flashes thru her hood. She was focused on her bottom just
  now. The lab's tongue licked her bottom. He licked several times. The collie-mix
  moved in to explore the scent. His tongue licked across her bottom. Vicki grunted
  moving away. The camera flashed again. The lab found her too much to resist
  and began licking the stuff Tom had spread along the great divide of Vicki's
  body. Vicki could not get away as the lab followed licking. Her pussy flushed
  warm with desire as his tongue divided her sex. His eagerness increased. In
  another few seconds the lab raised to Vicki's back, his paws about her hips.
  He pulled himself upon her. The camera flashed several more times. The lab
  found Vicki's sex almost at once.  
Vicki took pause realizing that she had
      been penetrated. It felt warm  &frac14;   something
      at her bottom  &frac14;   pressure  &frac14;   the
      dogs pace was like a piston  &frac14;   pressure
      at her pussy  &frac14;   she
      parted  &frac14;   the
      knot slipping inside. The camera flashed many times. Vicki began to orgasm.
      This was something she had never experienced before. Then she felt the
      hot jism begin to fill her. The lab came and came  &frac14;   Vicki
      felt the knot seal her pussy and yet hot jism leaked. The dog whimpered.
      The camera flashed. Vicki came again and again. The dog dismounted turning
      his bottom to her. It felt so odd. The tugging at her sex  &frac14;   the
      fury bottom against hers. She was tied for nearly ten minutes before she
      felt the lab slip free of her sex  &frac14;   and
      a gush of warm goo. She felt like she needed a diaper. A nose... a tongue...
      and the other dog mounted Vicki's back. The camera flashed  &frac14;   
Tom left Vicki with her new 'mates' till
  the dinner hour. Tom fed Vicki helping her use the toilet and rest. After an
  hour Tom returned the dogs to their Bitch. The lab, the more dominant, mounted
  her almost at once.  
Tom took a moment as guide to make sure the lab
  found Vicki unused anus. Vicki grunted wildly as the dog pummeled her sphincter.
  And when the knot slipped inside Vicki squealed. Tom smiled wryly.  
Vicki slept little that night. Not only was her
  hobble not very conducive to sleep but two dogs have quite the sexual appetites!
  Vicki was mounted often... and slept little. After the first hour she just
  quit trying to get about lying on the mattress waiting for them to mount her
  and they did Nearly any time Vicki moved she was met with a growl and nudge
  and another mounting. It was a long night.  
Tom came to Vicki in the early morning, Sunday.
  He released the hobbles and removed the cuffs. Only Vicki's pillowcase, collar,
  and ankles remained in shackles cuz Jake had those keys. Tom took the dogs
  back to the kennel. The truck needed a bit of cleaning and Vicki needed a rest.
  Tom returned about noon. Vicki was still sleeping when the doors opened.  
"Please, let me go home." Vicki pleaded. There
  was no answer. Tom helped Vicki to her feet. He fed her two slim fast shakes
  and gave her all the water she wanted. Vicki was hungry. After her needs were
  attended Tom tethered Vicki to the ceiling. In the silence Tom shaved the bits
  of stubble growing about Vicki's sex. She was tired and found little erotic
  about anything this time. Vicki felt almost claustrophobic having spent nearly
  twenty-four hours beneath the pillowcase. Tom released the tether. Vicki's
  arms were free though her ankles remained in their cuffs. Jake had the keys
  to those and the collar about Vicki's neck. Tom attached a length of chain
  the Vicki's collar and to the front of the van, the farthest point from the
  door.  
"Please. I'm tired and want to go home." Tom winced
  at her pleadings. He pressed the button on the recorder listening thru the
  recorded instructions for the one that he wanted.  
"When I leave you may remove the pillow case. You
  may rest, relieve yourself, and have this time to repose. I will return before
  lunch. I will knock three times and count to ten. You will place the pillowcase
  over your head. Failing to do this will result in severe punishment." Vicki
  could hardly wait to be rid of the hood to rest from this thing she had asked.
  Tom smiled pulling the door closed behind him. As the door slammed closed Vicki
  began removing the hood.  
It was dark. A lone candle burnt in the corner
  just out of her reach. It felt cool. She felt very alone. Vicki struggled with
  her shackles to get about. It just felt good to be out of the cuffs, the tethers,
  the bindings, and all of it. Vicki coddled her sex. She felt spent, used yes,
  but more too just simply spent. Her emotions had been so intense. Her sex so
  expended. She stumbled trying to lay down collapsing on to mattress. Sleep
  raced upon her mind. Vicki slept.  
Bang bang bang "What the " Vicki stammered only
  just conscious enough to recollect the recorded instructions. "Hold on wait!
  I've got to find the damn pillowcase. Hold on." Vicki hollered. Vicki struggled
  hard to regain her feet. Nothing doing! She crawled to the edge of the van
  collecting the hood. She opened it jamming it over her head.  
"Okay. I've got it on now." Vicki yelled. The door
  opened. Tom smiled seeing that Vicki was indeed hooded again. He fed her another
  slim fast shake before laying her down upon the mattress. Vicki lay still.
  She felt exposed but that was long past mattering. She waited for what she
  did not know and dared not guess. Tom cuffed Vicki's wrist tethering each to
  the opposing walls of the van. He then tightened the tether from her collar.
  Finally he attached another small tether line to the spreader bar. Vicki lays
  fairly secure, spread eagle, and complete exposed.  
Tom took a small towelette cleaning and drying
  Vicki's vulva and labia. Very carefully Tom dabbed a bit of super glue along
  the side of her soft dry labia. Tom took care to make sure the flesh was completely
  coated before gently touching the opposing fold to the adhesive. Another small
  bead ran down between the joined folds sealing and attaching one to the other.
  Tom smiled wryly. She would not understand what had happened until latter when
  she would be freed again.  
Vicki started at the banging. "What the  &frac14;  " She
      shook the cobwebs from her mind. The voice  &frac14;   oh,
      yeah. That damned hood. Where was it? "Hold on  &frac14;   " Vicki
      yelled. Oh, there it was. Vicki struggled to get her feet under her. "Damn
      it!" She breathed in frustration. Vicki crawled hurrying as best she could.
      She felt angry, humiliated at crawling but did NOT want to find out what 'severe
      punishment' might involve! She jammed the pillowcase over her head. "Okay  &frac14;  " Vicki
      felt much more than annoyance as the door opened. Someone fussed about
      the hood tugging and pulling until it was again fitted beneath the collar.
      Vicki stood motionless. Fighting would only get her hurt. Damned hood!
      But it had felt so good to be out of it  &frac14;   and
      to sleep. Vicki's arms and legs ached. Her sex was a bit tender too. She
      did not have the slightest idea what time, what day, or when it was. Time
      had vanished some time ago. It seemed like forever ago too.   
Vicki felt the hands guide her across
      the floor. Her foot bumped the edge of the mattress. Vicki stumbled wanting
      to say something, but thinking better of it she only mumbled. She struggled
      with her stiff sore limbs as well as her balance as she was helped to lie
      down. Well, at least she could rest while or before whatever. Vicki felt
      her arm being drawn outward perpendicular to her side. She didn't pay much
      attention to it, then the other arm. Vicki tugged slightly as the first
      arm. Tethered. Somehow she had expected that. She just assumed that she
      was being spread and tied for the next whatever  &frac14;   Vicki
      smiled under the hood. Yes. Whatever!   
What? What the heck is he doing now?
      Vicki felt something at her sex. Yes. Of course that would be where he
      would be fussing. But what was he doing? Vicki could not tell. First the
      one place  &frac14;   then
      another  &frac14;   then
      what? Vicki puzzled. She could not hear or see and her sensed of touch
      brought little to her imagination. Oh, well  &frac14;   in
      a bit he was finished or at least the fussing was done. Vicki sighed.   
OUCH! A tiny spot on her right nipple
      screamed like it was instantly on fire. Vicki bit her tongue holding silent.
      OUCH! Another spot screamed into her mind  &frac14;   and
      another. She nearly wet herself as tiny screams of fire shot thru her mind.
      Vicki could not hold silent as the third dot made contact.   
"Damn it that hurts!" She bellowed. All
      fell silent. Vicki waited  &frac14;   nothing  &frac14;   still  &frac14;   she
      lifted her head in an effort to find someone she knew had to be there.   
   
   
Tom lit the candle under the fondue pot. It took
  several minutes before the paraffin began to melt. He smiled lighting the long
  white dinner candle. Tom rolled the flame about the end dribbling the wax into
  the paraffin pot more playing with it than anything else. Tom strode quietly
  across the van to where Vicki lay quite still. He rolled the flame creating
  a small puddle at the base of the wick. Inclining the candle one, two, three
  tiny droplets fell in the silence directly onto Vicki's left nipple. She jumped
  at impact.  
"Damn it that hurts!" She squealed. Tom smiled.  
'I'll just be it does ' Tom thought in the
  silence. Where's that cloth gag? Tom located it on one of the chairs. Strangely
  Vicki lifted her head. Tom took the opportunity to oblige Vicki with the gag.
  No more out bursts! Tom lit the dinner candle returning to Vicki's nipples.
  One two three droplets Vicki struggled to yell, to free an arm, to cover up
  or protect her tender nipples. Tom rolled the candle sending several more droplets
  towards Vicki's breasts. With each drop she tossed, struggled, and squealed.
  Tom took his time coating the whole of Vicki's right breasts with the first
  dinner candle. Tom dropped the small end into the melting pot before lighting
  the second candle. Tom dribbled a bit over Vicki's other nipple. She began
  to sob softly struggling to escape the fiery darts. Tom continued until the
  second breast was covered. The melting pot was full.  
Tom took the small cup by the handle. Carefully
  he poured it about Vicki's chest. She screamed thru the gag. Her chest heaved
  heavily at the overwhelming sensations careening wildly thru her mind. Vicki
  cried out as best she could. Vicki's chest showed trails of paraffin about
  carefully covered breasts. Tom set the next bar into the melting pot.  
Lighting the third candle Tom began a trail towards
  Vicki's sex. Drop drop drop a tiny little pathway to her tummy. Tom paused
  to fill Vicki's navel with wax. She wiggled about making it a challenge to
  hit the target. Tom was enjoying himself. Her navel filled to overflowing Tom
  trailed towards Vicki's exposed sex.  
Tom rolled the dinner candle about. The flame danced
  its painful dance. Droplets careened thru the air landing upon the soft folds
  of Vicki's sex. She flinched. Her vulva was not as sensitive as her nipples.
  Tom took great care in covering each detail of Vicki's sex. Vicki moaned struggling
  with the fiery dots. Tom checked the little pot. Another few minutes  
The molten paraffin poured. A tiny stream directly above Vicki's clitoris...She
  screamed loudly. The gag muffled much though did little to contain her volume.
  The molten wax flowed across her pussy and along the crack of her bottom. It
  was hot! Tom poured carefully a little here another little there not so much
  as to scald her sex though surely enough to make it scream with delight! Vicki
  did scream.  
Tom placed the last two pats of paraffin in the
  little pot. Tom took the time while it melted to remove Vicki's gag. She huffed
  breathing hard. A rest seemed to be appropriate. Tom waited in silence. He
  let the last of the second pat melt and waited to be sure it was hot. He had
  to be careful not to spill before it was over Vicki's torso. Tom smiled as
  the first little river flowed over the brim. Vicki wailed loudly at the surprise
  impact upon her right breast. Tom simply covered Vicki's tenders with thick
  hot molten wax while she danced the painful struggles of one bound and in pain.
  It did no good. Tom covered Vicki.  
Vicki took advantage of the pause. Her
      mind seemed nearly overwhelmed with the screaming fiery dots about her
      breasts and nipples. The gag seemed necessary. Vicki did not resent it.
      She breathed making a conscious effort to re-compose and brace against
      the darts she knew would be coming only too soon. She was not at all prepared
      for the sheer volume of molten wax poured upon her breast. She could feel
      the immediate recoil of her nipple and breast.    
Vicki screamed  &frac14;   and
      screamed. The liquid poured about coating her tender chest. Vicki began
      to weep between gasps of air. The fiery dots returned. These were hotter
      than the molten pots  &frac14;   much
      more intense. The dots trailed about  &frac14;      
Whoever was trailing towards Vicki's
      sex! She was not sure  &frac14;   OUCH  &frac14;   but
      it wasn't quite as bad as she had thought. Hot, yes, but bearable. Vicki
      caught her breath again regaining control.    
Vicki almost giggled  &frac14;   and
      would have had the fire of the wax not kept her more focused upon what
      than where. It was her navel  &frac14;   and
      it was filling  &frac14;   full  &frac14;   filled
      with a puddle of soft wax. Then he was lifting each fold of her pussy.
      Coating, covering  &frac14;   Vicki
      struggled to remain composed. Then it paused  &frac14;   Vicki's
      mind considered  &frac14;   oh,
      no  &frac14;   the
      wax poured over her sex and down her bottom. Vicki screamed flopping about.
      The bindings did their job. Vicki lay still again  &frac14;   the
      wax cooled.   
It stopped. Vicki sighed. Her chest was
      heaving like a long distance runner sucking for air. Vicki took repose  &frac14;   the
      gag removed  &frac14;   she
      moved her jaws. It felt good! She snickered under the hood as bits of hardened
      wax cracked where her body moved. It was over  &frac14;   
That's when the last two bars began to
      coat her again. Vicki caught by surprise screamed loudly, gasping to caught
      her breath. It poured on  &frac14;   Vicki's
      emotions could not catch up with her sensations. Vicki yelped, hollered,
      and wept begging Tom to stop. He did  &frac14;   as
      the soon as the last tiny drop fell to Vicki's body.   
   
Tom lifted the door leaving a sobbing Vicki bound
  to the mattress covered by a thick coat of wax. He removed the fondue pot and
  the last stub of a dinner candle. It was nearing dark. Tom placed several warm
  blankets upon one of the chairs. He had brought Vicki a nice warm meal. This
  he left on the other chair. Tom released the chains binding Vicki to the mattress
  returning the collar tether to its full length.  
Tom placed the simple ice timer rigging in place.
  A rope with a secure knot at the end had been frozen into a yogurt container.
  Tom passed the rope thru a 1-&frac12; inch ABS pipe and again thru the eye-hook
  at the ceiling of the van. He pulled the slack out tethering Vicki's arms high
  above her head. Tom knotted the rope thru Vicki wrist cuffs. She was securely
  in place until the ice melted enough to allow the rope to pass thru the pipe
  and thru the eye-hook freeing her arms.  
Tom began placing the plastic clothe-spins about
  an inch away and encircling Vicki's areolas. With in a few minutes Tom had
  two circles about Vicki's breasts. Tom fussed with the recorder.  
"In a few hours you will be sold at an auction.
  The buyer will own your body until Monday morning. You may remove the pillowcase
  as before but must replace it when I return tomorrow. The rest of the night
  is yours."  
Tom placed a single clothespin upon each of Vicki's
  tender sore nipples. She danced about begging not to be left in this state.
  It did no good. The rigging had not been explained only time would show her
  mercy. Tom knew it would take over an hour but then Vicki would be free free
  to rest free to eat free to sleep. Tom drew the door closed while Vicki pled
  with her captor.  
Vicki could not believe she was being
      left this way overnight. NO! She wailed  &frac14;   and
      her nipples were so sore. She cried  &frac14;   and
      pled, begged  &frac14;   to
      no avail. The door closed  &frac14;   Vicki
      sagged in despair. Tomorrow would be an eternity. She did not feel the
      tiny droplets of water  &frac14;   nor
      would she understand the meaning. Vicki simply wept in the silence. She
      ached  &frac14;   She
      was so tire  &frac14;   She
      just wanted out of this  &frac14;   now!   
She was completely stunned when the ice
      slipped free. Her arms fell limp. In fact, Vicki nearly fell on her face
      as the pipe clattered about the van.   
"Yes!" She giggled tearing the hood from
      her head. The clothe-spins flew about the van  &frac14;   lastly
      those upon her nipples. Tears stained Vicki's cheeks as she removed those
      last pins. Pinned nipples hurt so when the pins are finally removed. She
      rubbed her breasts softly.    
The little candle gave very little light
      to her eyes  &frac14;   Vicki
      looked about. FOOD! Real food! Vicki struggled to the chair sitting down
      hard. She savored the first two bites  &frac14;   then
      wolfed it down. She had not realized how starved she was  &frac14;   and
      thirsty. Vicki drank the whole bottle of water  &frac14;   good
      thing there was another... it was chilled wine.   
"Yes!" Vicki exclaimed in the stillness
      pouring herself a glass. Vicki sipped with delight.    
Vicki peeled the wax. She was a mess.   
"Damn stuff hurt!" She said to herself. "But
      what a rush!" Thru it all she was having the time of her life!    
"What the hell is this?" Vicki fingered
      the glued folds of her sex. She did not know what to make of it, or exactly
      how to fix it. She did not dare to yank them apart. Vicki could not see
      much in the dim light either. She fumbled about her sex deciding to leave
      it for the moment. All the fingering of her sex  &frac14;   she
      had to pee. Vicki found the port-a-potty. Well it worked. Vicki was not
      entirely sure what had been shut and how so she felt a particular sense
      of relief.   
Vicki struggled with the shackles. She
      was tired  &frac14;   and
      felt reasonable secure for the first time in two days. Vicki covered herself
      as best she could manage. Sleep was immediate.   
   
Vicki awoke. The candle had burned itself
      out. The van was pitch black. It was like wearing the hood only without
      really wearing it at all. Vicki fumbled about. It seemed like  &frac14;   well,
      in point of fact Vicki had know way of knowing what, when or where she
      or anything was. She lay back down trying to sleep  &frac14;   but
      her mind had begun to consider the idea of an 'auction'  &frac14;   having
      her body sold to someone  &frac14;   
   
Bang Bang Bang Tom waited.  
"I can't see anything. It's dark. I'm not sure
  where the pillowcase is. Can you give me a bit of light, please?" Vicki called
  loudly. Tom opened the door the smallest crack and waited.  
"Okay. I'm ready." Vicki said jamming the pillowcase
  over her head.  
Tom opened the door. Vicki was ready. He stuffed,
  tugged and pulled the pillowcase beneath the dog collar. Tom chuckled. There
  was wax everywhere! He cuffed Vicki's arms behind her back. Jake arrived just
  as Tom was finishing with Vicki's remaining tether... her corset. Tom tugged
  tightly cinching it about Vicki's torso. Her breasts set proudly defined at
  its top... her hips the more shapely contoured at its bottom. Tom placed a
  clothespin on each of Vicki's nipples. Vicki did not flinch though she had
  not gotten used to the fire in her breasts she knew of the futility of the
  fight. Tom helped Vicki into Jake's car. Tom lay her down in the back seat
  covering her with a blanket. Jake would take Vicki to the auction house.  
Tom took the time to load those few items they
  had used into his pickup. Then he swept the 'yellow/orange' truck clean.
  He would return it in the morning. Vicki would not need it tonight.  
Jake escorted Vicki into the back yard. There on
  the patio was a simple pillory Tom had built. There was two dozen chairs set
  about the lawn. Jake placed Vicki's arms into the proper indents guiding her
  head forward and into its place. Carefully Jake closed the top of the pillory
  about Vicki's head and wrists. Vicki heard the lock click shut. Jake strapped
  her thighs securely to the boards in front of her. Lastly Jake pulled gently
  separating Vicki's glued labia. They came apart rather easily.  
Next to Vicki was large screen TV and at the other
  a small patio table with several enlarged pictures of her. Tom had them enlarged
  at Kinko's. Several pictures were of Vicki on vacation and one of her in at
  a portrait shop and there was a small album of pictures Tom had taken over
  the past two days. And a sign just next to the pillory  
Please feel free to explore, examine,
  and use  
The merchandise before you  
Make your purchase  
Jake took advantage of Vicki's exposed sex before
  Tom arrived. Actually it felt good to Vicki having a man's cock in and about
  her sex after the events of yesterday. Vicki savored it, enjoyed it, and wantonly
  begged for it. Panting and humping as best she could.  
The appointed hour arrived. Vicki could hear the
  football announcers... as men began to filter into the backyard. Vicki felt
  embarrassed humiliated and yet a wanton rush haunted her passions. She could
  tell many distinct voices sounded about her. Several men fingered her to orgasm
  several others used dildos on her sex. One stuffed a cold beer can into her
  pussy where it remained thru the remainder of the morning. Vicki knew what
  was there by the laughter and comments of those about her. She felt angery
  at first but thought to ignored that for the rush of sexual comments about
  her  
She was called many things Vicki could tell they
  were looking at pictures Tom had taken. And they were impressed with her sexuality.
  Vicki would have felt HOT if the beer can in her pussy weren't so damned cold!  
Meanwhile the game droned on... Some watched, some
  explored the merchandise... some used the merchandise... Half-time...  
"Let's start the bidding " It was Tom's voice!
  Vicki's heart skipped a beat then it just stopped waiting to here it again. "This
  was a silent bid. So I'll begin by opening the envelopes as I draw them from
  the bowl." Yes! It was Tom's voice! Vicki felt sudden excitement. She was,
  well, here, in the condition she was and here was Tom selling off. Vicki's
  heart beat like it was going to explode with each beat. She was so excited
  turned on by the way things were playing in her mind.  
Tom went thru each envelope one at a time calling
  out each bid. "$100, $500, $350 " Vicki was pleased at the amounts men were
  willing to pay just the HAVE her. The beer was warming and so was Vicki's sex! "$650" will
  the Bidder of $650 please come up and claim the merchandise. There was applause
  as someone came forward. It was Jake, of course. No one else was going to buy
  her because Tom could trust Jake trust him with her safety and to make adequate
  use of her too. The party went of for another hour. The beer was removed, drank,
  and as men got drunker several more made good use of Vicki's exposed sex.  
Tom took pictures of everything! Vicki was quite
  the sight at her auction. Jake took his purchase just afternoon.  
"Now, Vicki, this man bought you and your body
  till morrow morning. He OWNS you and you will do exactly what he tells you.
  He will do with your body as he wishes and you will allow and encourage it.
  Do you understand? This is what you wanted, so go with it." Tom spoke to the
  pillowcase.  
"Yes. I understand. I will accept my part and thank
  you Tom." Vicki's voice cracked as she spoke to her husband. She loved him
  so much and in this moment more than she had ever imagined. It was wonderful
  to feel such love and adoration.  
Vicki lay spread eagle on the patio. She remained
  inside her pillowcase, the corset and the bra from hell, which Jake had dutifully
  attired this afternoon before returning Vicki to her home. Tom set his little
  array of branding irons about the patio table. He had taken several large paper
  clips bending them into the parts and pieces necessary to make a small heart
  and spell Vicki in simple block letters. He had tried them on a banana peel
  just be sure sure of how long to hold them in place sure of whether they would
  hold up. Several times he had to make adjustment to the branding iron. Finally
  he was ready.  
Tom shaved Vicki's sex carefully. She was free
  of stubble; smooth as the day she was born. Tom lit the butane burner he used
  to braze piping a simple one he had found at Home Depot. With a glove and pliers,
  held firmly Tom heated the first iron one side of the small heart. It would
  take four parts to complete the heart and ten more to spell Vicki. When it
  glowed red-hot Tom placed it carefully upon Vicki flesh three fingers up and
  three to the left of her clit ring. Vicki screamed thru her gag weeping at
  the searing flesh. It smoked as Tom counted to five slowly. Tom worked carefully,
  methodically, branding each iron in its time. Vicki pasted out about midway
  thru. Tom heart wrenched at her suffering knowing that it was the only way
  and this would be done soon enough. It was best that she was gone thru this
  anyway  
Tom pressed the Neosporin over each burn. He placed
  a small bandage over the area and released Vicki. Carefully he lifted her head
  removing the pillowcase. Vicki was home  
Your Comments are always welcome The Golffdude at MNC3881@msn.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





