BDSM Library - Susan




Susan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Susan is a cold hearted business woman that is responsible for many people losing their jobs. She gets set up and is sentenced to 10 years in jail. First she must go to the medical facility for a unspecified length of time and torture.Chapter I Sentencing Susan  
Susan stood before the judge in Federal district court and could not believe
  what she was hearing. Just before her sentence she was thinking about how less
  than forty-eight hours earlier she was the toast of the town. Susan was a well-respected
  businesswoman at the pinnacle of her career. Actually Susan was more feared
  than respected, but she liked to think that everyone loved her.  
Susan was a deal maker and more than many hard working people lost their
  jobs as a direct result of Susan's tactics. It was often Susan's strategy to
  make a deal with a company president. When it came time for the deal to be
  consummated Susan would back out. She always had a way to stop the deal in
  its tracks. Than she would make a deal with a competing firm and the original
  company would often go under. Once the original company succumbed Susan would
  be there to buy the pieces.  
It got to the point where Susan was so dangerous to be around, many people
  tried their best to avoid her. The inside scoop on Susan was to stay clear
  of her and her dealings. Most anything she touched turned to disaster for the
  other side.  
The judge who's brother was the president of one of those company's that
  had a deal with Susan that went sour would be nothing but trouble for the soon
  to be, convict. Even Susan's Wall Street attorney could do little to help her
  out of this predicament. Susan kept saying she was being set up, and maybe
  her attorney believed her, but in all actuality it did not really matter. The
  jury convicted her of a class a federal crime. With that, a mandatory 10-year
  sentence was hanging over her head. Susan's attorney had earlier begged her
  to take a deal, but she would not consider a deal because she knew she was
  innocent. She knew she was set up and she would not deal. Now the sentence
  was about to be handed down.  
&quot;Susan&quot; the judge went on &quot;You have been convicted by a jury
  of your peers," Susan interrupted, &quot;they are not my peers, they are beneath
  me, most of them can barely read and look at the way they are dressed, and
  I am innocent and these are not my peers. I was set up and I did not steal
  anything.&quot; &quot;Well Susan, I am afraid the state disagrees with you.
  Under the by laws of this state I sentence you to no less than 10 years in
  the high security Federal pen. However first you are to be processed and detained
  at our own state medical facility for detailed examination and assessment.
  You will not be released from this medical facility until I feel you are ready
  for prison.  
Susan was mortified. She knew what this meant. Being sent to the medical
  facility was nothing more state sponsored sexual slavery. Her attorney had
  warned her when he was trying to get her to take the deal. Susan's attorney
  had a women client that spent two years at this so called medical facility
  and he heard about the things going on there. So bad that he dare not even
  discuss them with his client.  
&quot;Take her away&quot;, and with that, it was over. The horror of it all
  did not even sink in before poor Susan was dragged away kicking and screaming
  by three female guards. Susan was put in a bus and driven to the state medical
  facility. Once there, she was led to a processing room and besides being in
  hand cuffs and leg irons, everything else was pretty mundane. A young women
  itemized her jewelry and gave her a receipt. Two young men than entered the
  room. Susan, the judge that handed down your sentence and suggested that you
  spend some time with us here at the medical facility has recommended  
that as part of your punishment you give up all of your rights. Now unfortunately
  for you that means everything. The judge especially is interested in seeing
  you lose your dignity. So with nothing further needed to be said on this, I
  must ask you for your clothes.&quot; Both guards were both loving this, and
  even the women that seemed half way kind to her looked up with a condescending
  smile. &quot;In other words Susan, strip&quot; Susan was mortified. &quot;Here,
  in front of you, no way, not me, I want my attorney, you are crazy, I am not
  taking off one piece of clothing.&quot; The door suddenly opened and four more
  men walked in. Two held her arms, and the others tore her clothes off. Susan
  was screaming so they put a heavy ball gag on her. It was terribly heavy as
  it had thick leather pieces running around her face and head. Susan recognized
  it as a bondage gag from the magazines that she liked to look at. Heavy wrist
  and ankle cuffs with hooks and buckles were fastened to. A heavy leather belt
  went around her waist. The belt had large and small metal rings spaced every
  few inches. This way at a moment's notice Susan could be restrained or her
  restraints could be changed so that she would still be in bondage but in a
  different manor. Susan's wrist cuffs were attached to her belt in back of her.
  Susan was now completely nude and unable to cover herself.  
Chapter II Orientation  
Susan was led through the medical facility to the examination room in the
  nude. She was totally nude except her restraints and her heavy harness that
  kept the ball gag in place. Since Susan was such a striking women, so beautiful
  and sexy, she looked even more so now. Susan's long legs and tight sexy butt
  with rather small breasts were the dream of the pickiest man or women. Her
  fingers and toes were expertly manicured and painted and even her bush was
  nicely trimmed and waxed. Since Susan had moved out to LA three years ago,
  she had gone to a clinic for weekly waxings and trimmings. The massage therapist
  at the clinic always looked forward to Susan's visit. She loved to work on
  Susan's bush, loved to trim it and lightly touch her pussy lips with her hand.
  Once she laid a scissors directly on her pussy lips and Susan moaned with delight.
  A few minutes later Susan was bucking and thrashing about, as the long thin
  middle finger of the massage therapist found its home deep up Susan's dripping
  cunt.  
Yes, Susan was a real beauty and when she walked into the examination room
  in the nude and the two doctors standing there saw her, they were quite taken
  back. The two guards told the doctors who she was and they strapped her down
  to a long heavy metal table. Straps and buckles were everywhere. Chains hung
  down from the ceiling. Susan saw stirrups at the end of the table. Susan saw
  where the table had a seam in it; this she surmised was where the table would
  drop down. Susan began to realize how humiliating and horrible this would be.
  The heavy bondage gag was removed and a simple ball gag was put on Susan. The
  doctors wanted Susan to witness her own humiliation. They didn't want the bondage
  straps that partly covered her eyes to get in the way. Susan was to see first
  hand her own humiliation. Susan was now on her back, spread eagle, on this
  awe full bondage table. She looked up and saw people peering over the balcony
  looking at her. There were dozens of people milling about, she could here them
  talking, waiting to see more of her.  
Another man walked in and put shaving cream all over her bush. The two doctors
  held her lips apart while he shaved the beautifully trimmed bush. Five minutes
  later Susan was as bare as a baby. One of the doctors mockingly played with
  her pussy. He left the room for a minute, but the other doctor masturbated
  Susan. He kept her going until her breathing got very heavy. Susan desperately
  did not want to orgasm, but her body was beginning to betray her. Susan was
  getting very hot. The doctor stopped. They turned Susan over and spread her
  cheeks. They attached a chain to one of the rings on her leather belt around
  her waist. Someone started turning something and Susan's rump began to go up
  in the air. As they spread her cheeks more, Susan's little rose bud began to
  come into view. The people in the gallery began to cheer as they saw her little
  hole come into view. There was a large screen TV screen with her hole now displayed
  on it. Her hole took up the entire screen. It was a new high definition video,
  so the rose bud was being shown in incredible detail to everyone in the room.
  As her hole opened and closed the detail on the screen showed it. The color
  also was awesome. As they began to shave Susan back there, one of the attendants
  whispered in her ear. Guess what we are going to do Susan. Guess what we are
  going to watch from now on.  
The shaving was finished and one of the females took her long thin finger
  and went deep into Susan's' ass. She went in deep and stayed there for a long
  time. Twisting and turning. Susan could feel her fingernail touch the walls
  of her rectum. Susan could here the soft voice of the nurse tell the doctor
  that Susan was filthy back there and needed a very long and complete clean
  out. &quot;Get Susan's enema treatment ready. Those first two or three enemas
  need a large amount of soap in them.&quot; The crowd cheered and whistled again
  as they heard the doctor order Susan's enemas. &quot;Nothing less than two
  quarts, and lets get her up to 4 quarts quickly. She needs to learn how to
  handle larger amounts.&quot;  
Chapter III Susan's Nightmare  
The night before Susan's sentence was handed out she had a terrible nightmare.
  Susan woke up in the middle of the night cold, sweaty, and crying from the
  stark reality of her dream. The terrible dream started at the front of the
  courthouse. They had lead Susan out after her sentencing and made her strip
  right on the courthouse steps. Hundreds of people were standing there watching.
  She was quickly hog tied and gagged. After that she was attached to a long
  pole and the hung from the pole in the same sort of way that people were treated
  when they were tarred and feathered. The pole was hoisted up on two large men's
  shoulders. This way Susan was on display for everyone to see. Susan's hair
  was pulled in a ponytail and rudely tied so that her head was looking straight.
  This way she could not avoid the gaze of anyone. Two women came up and attached
  a very long thick phallic shaped item to her cunt. They pushed it deep inside
  her and buckled the straps tightly to her. This was similar to a strap on,
  and it went deep inside her also. Susan did not realize this, but the huge
  strap on was actually a very strong vibrator and two of the assistants that
  would be walking along with poor Susan could control the device. As they carried
  her to the medical facility about a mile away sometimes they would lower poor
  Susan. They would lower her so close to the ground that the cock stuck inside
  her would rub along the ground causing incredible pain in her cunt. This also
  made her jump and squirm every time it touched the ground. The people lining
  the streets that were watching laughed and pointed as poor Susan withered in
  pain. And of course every few minutes the vibrations in the huge cock were
  turned on and this also caused Susan to buck and thrash about. This also had
  another effect on poor Susan. In a very short period of time Susan was getting
  very turned on by the vibration the phallic shaped object was causing her.
  Just as they left for the medical facility one of the two women that helped
  with the strap on walked up to Susan and whispered in her ear. &quot;Your punishment
  will be very severe, but let me warn you right now. If for even a second you
  close your eyes, your punishment will be doubled in severity. A camera will
  be on you at all times and we will be reviewing every film taken of you. So
  just remember, you must look up and smile. AT all times.&quot;  
It took a couple of hours for Susan to be carried to the medical facility.
  Susan's tormentors, the two women that placed the strap-on in Susan's cunt
  had worked for one of the companies that went under because of Susan's dirty
  tricks. These two women dragged things out as long as they could. With all
  the people watching the nude spectacle being carried down the street this wasn't
  very hard to do. People yelled out obscenities and came up to her and hit her.
  Tomatoes and eggs were thrown at her and by the time they had gone half way
  Susan was a filthy mess. More than once had people gone up to the obscene object
  sticking out of her. They would look at it and shake it back and forth, even
  further distressing the unfortunate soul. Eggs, tomatoes and than flour covered
  Susan. By the time they reached the medical facility the two women running
  things had to change their schedule slightly since Susan was such a mess. They
  decided that her first public enemas would be administered outside in the courtyard.
  They called ahead and the punishment enema fixture was moved to the new torture
  area.  
Workmen quickly carried the structure to the courtyard. It formed a square.
  They put the structure up on a platform so the audience could see Susan easily.
  Four pieces formed the square; the front piece had a slot for Susan's neck
  and head. Once her head was placed on it another slot of wood closed it off.
  Just like a stockade. A parallel piece in the back had four holes in it. Two
  at the ends for Susan's ankles to go thru and two in the middle for her arms
  to go thru. By forcing Susan to put her arms thru the back piece, her butt
  will be much higher and her anus and cunt will be more exposed. The square
  is completed with two pieces holding the others together. Its' nothing more
  than a stockade forcing Susan on her hands and knees with her butt very high
  and looking extremely vulnerable. Susan was quickly taken off the rail. They
  had her stand next to the torture device for a few minutes. They wanted her
  to stretch a little and this also proved to be very humiliating for her. They
  also wanted her to see them bringing the huge enema bags into the courtyard.  
Susan began to recognize people she knew. While she was on the rail she saw
  the judge's brother, and in the courtyard she saw the president of another
  company that failed because of her. Susan was put in the stockade but the awful
  strap-on was left in poor Susan's cunt. The two women played with her and brought
  her to orgasm a number of times, while the male attendants got her ready for
  her enemas. The one woman whispered in her ear. &quot;Remember how you screwed
  our companies and lives with no warning. Well your enemas will be administered
  to you with no warning. We will start them when we feel like it and finish
  them when we feel like it. You won't be told anything. When one is done we
  could make you hold it for ten minutes or two hours. So don't beg us to stop.&quot;  
To Susan's horror she noticed a line of men and women standing off to the
  side. At least fifteen or so were standing there. The two women were talking
  to the first two men in line. Susan than watched the two women lower each of
  the men's pants and pull their penis out. They had long pretty fingers and
  Susan watched the women fondle the men's huge cocks. One of the women walked
  the first man right up to Susan's face. The platform Susan was on was set just
  so that her face lined up perfectly with his cock. They even had steps so the
  shorter men and women could use for a perfect alignment. &quot;Susan your enemas
  will be starting soon, and you will be quite busy back there, holding and taking
  your huge enemas. In the meantime, you will be servicing some of the people
  that you hurt so badly during your short business career. Susan, let me warn
  you, as your suck cock and pussy for that matter, we insist you look right
  in the eyes of the person you are servicing. You will suck until they tell
  you to stop. Do you understand?&quot; Susan didn't answer, she was asked again,
  but did not answer the second time. The cock of the first man was two inches
  from her face now and her gag had been pulled out but her mouth was closed.
  The other women went around Susan and grabbed something. Susan heard it, but
  did not know what it was. Than she lost her breath, and than searing pain on
  her ass. The women took the cane and hit her as hard as she could for a second
  and third time. Susan screamed and everyone in the crowd got very quite. The
  woman hit her three more times, once more on the left cheek and twice on the
  right. Each time Susan lost her breath and bucked against her bonds and rattled
  the wooden stockade. Both women looked at each other and smiled, they were
  both thinking it was good the stockade was fastened very well to the platform
  they were on. &quot;You keep getting the cane until you start to suck cock
  and pussy. The longer you delay the quicker your ass and thighs will be torn
  apart. It's your choice, bitch.&quot; Susan opened her mouth just a small amount
  and the one woman grabbed the huge cock of the first man and began to push
  it into poor Susan's mouth. The man's cock had to be at least 8 maybe even
  9 inches long. It was thick and hard. The women chided Susan and ran her fingers
  along Susan's face and mouth, telling her how she will be a real pro by the
  time they are done with her. The first man's cock was so deep in Susan's throat
  she could not stop gagging. The women holding his cock slapped Susan across
  the face and told her she better stop gagging and to suck better. &quot;Susan
  your sucking is unacceptable, we will not stand for this. Suck nice and smooth.
  I sure hope you can suck pussy better than this.&quot; She called out to the
  other women, &quot;Judy, I am afraid that we are going to have to enroll Susan
  in the sucking classes, starting tomorrow. She is really terrible at this.&quot;  
Susan slurped away and suddenly felt something hot deep down her throat.
  Susan had never swallowed before, but she would now. The women sensed what
  was happening and put her hand around the cock in Susan's mouth. &quot;You
  bitch, you swallow every drop. If I see one drop of cum you get the cane and
  next time it will be a man swinging the cane at you not me.&quot; As Susan
  swallowed what seemed to be a huge amount of cum, she felt hands separating
  her butt cheeks. Two very young female guards that were on staff would be administering
  the enemas. The two women that had been running things up to this point would
  be helping to keep things moving along at the front of the line. Judy told
  Susan that she would have to suck while the enemas were going into her. There
  would be no excuse for letting even one drop of cum miss going down her slutty
  throat." You will take every drop of cum, you slut and every drop of enema
  will go up that filthy ass of yours. IF you miss a drop, remember we can always
  give you an ice-cold enema and that will change your behavior very quickly.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  arobert29


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





