BDSM Library - Housemaids Kneeds




Housemaids Kneeds
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dominant wants a housekeeper,advertises and gets 2 girls. He takes them to a lonely cottage for training.HOUSEMAIDS KNEEDS   
 BY HAJIM   
 I had just come out of a long term relationship-she had gone off with another
  man. As she had not put in any money towards the purchase of the house, I was
  the sole owner &amp; occupier. However it was too big for me to keep tidy by
  myself so I decided to advertise for a housekeeper-I thought just for a lark
  I would advertise in one of the Alternative papers so I did in the following
  way-  
 "Man (30) very strict disciplinarian needs a housekeeper. Please submit
  details to Box No XX",  
 I never expected to have any replies but I was
  wrong, doubly so! Yes I had two answers- both had understood the significance
  of the wording and both had said they were interested in being more than just
  a housekeeper. I was intrigued and decided to meet both of them but separately.
  So I phoned them and met the first at a caf&eacute; on a Saturday afternoon
  and the second at the same place on the following day.  
So on the Saturday I met Angela. She turned out
  to be a nice looking 24yr old blonde who was working in a restaurant as a cook.
  She told me that she had no current boyfriend-the last one had ditched her.
  The reason was interesting to say the least! For evidently they had been together
  for about 2 years and after about a year she had done something wrong and he
  had threatened to put her over his knee and give her a good spanking-she had
  dared him to do so and he did. This triggered off her desire to be punished
  and she deliberately did things to annoy him so that he would spank her again.
  Thus worked for some time but then he decided he had had enough and told her
  she was perverted and threw her out of his flat. She realised that she wanted
  to be dominated again and read all the ads in the right papers but mine was
  the first she had actually answered.  
I questioned her closely about how she felt about
  being in a BDSM type of relationship as a slave as well as a housekeeper and
  she was sure that she could handle it. I also asked what sort of sex she would
  allow and she said anything I wanted I could have-all holes were available!
  Needless to say I was very pleased with our talk,  
But told her I would have to let her know after
  I had seen the other applicant.  
To cut a long story short when I saw Mary, a brunette
  about 27, she told me much the same story, that she loved housework and was
  willing and able!  
Now I was in a quandary! Two lovely submissives!
  Which should I choose?  
Suddenly the answer came to me-no need to choose-have
  them both!  
I rang them both at the same time, one on the ordinary
  phone and one on the mobile. I told them of my idea and asked them if they
  would agree to a week's trial to see how we all got along. They were very agreeable
  and we made a date for a couple of weeks time. My instructions to them were
  that they had no need to bring a change of clothing as I assured them they
  would be nude all the time. They were to just wear either a dress or a top
  and skirt-no bra or panties-I would check this before we left! A time was made
  for them to be at a certain shopping centre where I would meet them.  
I arranged to rent a remote cottage for a week-I
  had done so before with my last girl friend. So-the day arrived and I met the
  two girls. I then got them to buy sufficient food for the week and we went
  into the car park and they loaded the car up-I didn't do anything as I had
  slaves to do it! Before they got into the car I checked both were dressed "correctly"-pulled
  out a tit and lifted their skirts to check "no panties"-Angela had a shaved
  pussy but Mary was unshaved. Satisfied, we got in the car and after handcuffing
  them and putting a collar on each of them with their respective names on them,
  so that they would learn that they were completely under my control, we set
  off and drove to the cottage. When we arrived I undid the cuffs and ordered
  them to strip before going into the house. Once inside, I asked what they wanted
  to do &ndash;they said, "Have a pee!" So I let them do this and ordered them
  to bring all the gear in. After all if they were to be maids they might as
  well get used to doing all the work!  
 When all was unpacked apart from my equipment
  case, they came to me and stood in front of me wondering what they would have
  to do next. I took my time inspecting them-feeling their cunts and their tits.
  I said to Mary that we would have a cup of tea and some cake and she was to
  get it ready. Meanwhile, I got Angela to bend over my knee and I gave her a
  good spanking. She cried, she wriggled but I noticed that her cunt was getting
  wet! So she was enjoying it. Then Mary came in with the tea. She looked at
  Angela's red bum and said she was jealous! I told her time would come soon
  enough! We sat at the table-Angela didn't want to as her ass was sore but I
  told her not to be silly and she sat very gingerly with obvious pain.  
I looked at my watch and realised we had still
  about 3 hours of daylight left-so I told the girls we would go for a walk and
  that they were to put on the sensible walking shoes I had ordered them to bring.
  Angela asked what clothes they should wear. I said "None of course!" They were
  both shocked at this and protested-but I reminded them that they had both agreed
  to be slaves for the week. With that, I selected a short whip and slipped a
  lead on to each collar and went out for the walk. They were both scared of
  meeting someone whilst we were out. We took a path into the forest-it gave
  me a great feeling to have my two slaves on leads-especially as I gave each
  of them a few lashes with the whip as we walked along. We talked about all
  sorts of things as we walked along but we always came back to Submission and
  Humiliation. After we had walked about &frac34; of an hour, I saw a log beside
  the path and ordered Mary to lie across it and I gave her a longer thrashing
  than Angela had had-she screamed for mercy but of course to no avail. Then
  I ordered Angela to kneel down in front of me and take my cock out and suck
  me off. She obeyed and did she suck! In a short time I shot into her mouth
  and also pulled out so that some cum was on her tits and belly, which of course
  Mary had to clean up with her tongue. Then we went back to the cottage. I told
  them to prepare a nice meal for all of us whilst I had a long relaxing bath.
  I tied a string to Mary's ankle which was long enough for her to do anything
  necessary in the kitchen and with the order that when I pulled the string she
  was immediately to come to me and dry me. I had a long soak then pulled the
  string and after about 2 minutes Mary came dashing in. She apologised for not
  coming immediately but she was in the middle of peeling a potato and finished
  before coming to me. I told her that I would have instant obedience every time
  and that she would be punished for not coming at once. She helped out of the
  bath and carefully dried every bit of me, taking special care of my cock and
  balls, which she kissed.  
It was beginning to get cooler so I ordered Mary
  to light the log fire. As she knelt to do this, her lovely cunt and ass were
  right in front of me. So I put my fingers into her two holes. She obviously
  enjoyed it as she started moving up and down my fingers until she suddenly
  yelled "Oh yes! I'm c-u-m-m-i - n-g!" Afterwards she licked my fingers to clean
  her cum off them.  
Then it was time for a drink before dinner. I asked
  the girls how long and Angela said about 20 minutes so I got them to sit with
  me on the sofa before the fire. I put my arm round each of them and asked them
  how they felt after the first day of their week's slave-service. Angela said
  she had enjoyed everything so far but was worried about going for a walk naked.
  I said "Tough!" and reminded Mary that she hadn't had her punishment for not
  coming to me immediately I called. Again, she apologised and said she deserved
  punishment, which she would enjoy just as much as that she had already had.
  I played with their tits as we had a drink then I ordered Angela to fetch my
  equipment bag and I produced a pair of nipple clamps which I told Angela to
  put on Mary's tits. Looking rather apprehensive herself, Angela very gently
  did as she was told but despite the gentleness Mary cried out and was going
  to pull them off. However I smacked her hands hard and told her that they would
  stop on until after the dinner dishes were washed up. (This, in effect became
  an hour and a quarter).  
So we sat down to a truly excellent meal-the girls had shown that indeed
  they were as good at cooking as they appeared to be at sex. Poor Mary's tits
  were very sore as I eventually took the clamps off. Soon it was time for bed.
  I got them to toss as to which was going to be fucked in the cunt and which
  in the ass. Angela won and chose cunt. We all got into the queen size bed and
  I was soon being fondled by both girls. Angela went down on me but I ordered
  not to suck me off as I needed all my cum for their fucking! I straddled and
  guided my throbbing cock into her wet juicy cunt and soon started to ride her
  until I could feel both of our orgasms coming-Angela screamed as she came and
  hungrily kissed me. Eventually we both subsided-I told Mary to clean us up
  with her tongue-that in itself was quite a sensation! Mary was very proficient
  in tonguing! After about 15 minutes I started to kiss and lick Mary's tits
  and body and she started to move as she felt sexy-then I rolled her over and
  got Angela to wet her hole and my cock before I begun entering Mary's ass.
  Mary shuddered as I pushed into her but once in was quite happy to lie there
  impaled on my cock. I ordered Angela to tongue my ass as I fucked Mary-again
  there was a scream as we both came. Then I rolled off Mary utterly exhausted
  and we went to sleep-me in the middle and a lovely naked girl on each side-Ah!
  Bliss!  
 I woke up. Found I was by myself in the bed. I looked at my watch and found
  the time was 8.30. The door opened quietly and Angela looked in. "Good morning,
  Master " she said as she saw I was awake. She disappeared and a couple of minutes
  later they both came in with a tray of 3 cups of tea. Mary said they had got
  up about 7 and that it was very cold so they had cleaned the fire and relit
  it and the house was warming up again. She also told me that they had cleaned
  the whole house apart from the bedroom and had made some muffins for breakfast.
  I thought I must be in Seventh Heaven- 2 very efficient girls doing a wonderful
  job as housemaids and wanting to be treated as slaves!  
 I said that before I had my tea I needed a pee. Angela said that there was
  no need to go to the toilet, as she would take all my pee in her mouth! And
  that's exactly what she did-she took my cock into her mouth after kissing it
  and drank all my pee! I had fantasised about having this done but had never
  expected to have such good service! Afterwards she wiped her mouth with a tissue
  and the 3 of us sat on the bed drinking our tea-quite a little domestic scene!
  I asked Angela how often she had drunk pee before. I was amazed when she said
  it was the first time-she having heard about on the Net and had been curious
  enough to want to try it. I told her that she would have plenty more opportunities
  but that it was now time to have breakfast, So we sat round the table, all
  naked, and enjoyed Mary's scrumptious muffins.  
 After breakfast had been cleared away, I told the girls that we would go
  for our walk immediately they had finished tidying up. Angela looked out of
  the window and said it was pouring with rain. I said "So what? If we are all
  naked it won't matter about getting wet" Angela pouted and said if that was
  my idea of fun, it wasn't hers. I told her that was insolence and warranted
  immediate punishment-so I gave 10 lashes with the whip across her tits. This
  of course set her off crying- but to no avail. So the three of us went out
  naked (for I thought why get my clothes wet?) and as we walked along the road
  a work-truck came towards us. I told the girls to smile a wave at the truck
  as it came past. We all waved and got a big wolf-whistle as it drove past.
  Then we reached a path and turned off the road and soon were sloshing through
  a lot of mud. I found a fallen tree and told Mary to lie across it and gave
  her a very severe thrashing but unlike Angela's, all across the bum. I then
  told Mary to lick Angela's bum as I was going to bum-fuck her. She got down
  on her knees and wetted the other girl ready for me, Then with very little
  foreplay I thrust deep into Angela-she screamed but after a few seconds she
  began moving in time with my thrusts. Within a couple of minutes we had both
  had tremendous orgasms.  
 The girls thought we would go back, but I decided we would have a mud fight.
  We threw mud at each other and all rolled about in it. We were laughing as
  we played, but then it was time to return home. We found our way back to the
  cottage but before going inside, we rinsed the mud off with the garden hose,
  which, of course, was freezing cold. Then we went in and I got Angela to stoke
  up the fire and then we all went and had a lovely hot shower.  
 Afterwards we had a steaming cup of coffee laced with whisky and sat in
  front of the hot fire. I put my cup down and slipped a finger into both of
  their cunts. They responded immediately and Mary took my cock into her hands
  and slowly caressed it, whilst Angela tongued my mouth as far as she could
  get. I told Mary that I needed a pee and it was her turn. She started to say
  something then remembered the thrashing Angela had had when she said she didn't
  want to go out in the rain. So she knelt before me and took my cock into her
  mouth and after a couple of seconds, I unloaded a lot of piss into her-unfortunately
  for her a drop fell on to the floor. I said nothing just picked up the whip
  and gave her another 10 lashes.  
 I told them to stand up in front of me and asked Mary what was different
  about her from Angela. She looked puzzled, then glanced at Angela then herself.
  She blushed and said that Angela was shaved round her cunt and that she wasn't. "Dead
  right! " I said. "We'll have to remedy that, won't we?" I told Angela to get
  some towels as we were going to shave Mary whilst she was on the bed. Angela
  obeyed instantly and I told Mary to lie on the bed. I tied her wrists to the
  bedhead and opened her legs wide and tied them by putting a rope under the
  bed and tying her legs that way. She now had her bushy cunt completely exposed.
  I instructed Angela to put several towels under Mary to soak up any water.
  I fingered Mary's cunt and she squirmed a bit. I asked her if she had ever
  been fisted. She looked puzzled and said she hadn't. "Right, you are going
  to be fisted now!" I said. I put another finger into her cunt and moved them
  about inside her. She tried to clench her cunt-lips but I ignored this and
  slipped a third finger into her. Angela was standing looking quite amazed at
  what was going on. I had some difficulty in getting my fourth finger in Mary's
  cunt and she sobbed and strained at her bonds. I now forced my thumb into her
  and she had the whole hand inside her! She squealed as I moved my hand around-
  she certainly had a big cunt and I decided that I needed another fuck. I pulled
  my fist from her and she screamed-I was so aroused that I shoved my cock into
  her without any foreplay at all. Despite the ordeal she had gone through, Mary
  was soon responding to my thrusting cock- I came just as she shouted out that
  she was cumming. As my cock shrank and popped out of Mary's cunt, I ordered
  Angela to clean my cock with her tongue then to suck my fingers which had been
  up Mary's cunt which Angela also had to lick clean.  
 Now it was time to shave Mary. I told Angela to get a bowl of warm water
  and lathered Mary's pubic area. I got the razor and very carefully started
  to shave her and soon she was as smooth as Angela, who I now told to dry and
  clean up Mary. She did this and then we went and sat in front of the fire leaving
  Mary still tied up on the bed.  
 I put my arm round Angela and asked if she was enjoying her "holiday". She
  said it was wonderful and that she had often thought about having such treatment
  as they were both getting. I asked if she liked being whipped and she blushed
  and nodded. " I loved being spanked by my ex," she said, " But he hadn't whipped
  me and though I was a bit afraid at first when you did, I found I was very
  pleased to receive pain from you. You are so nice to us-but I know neither
  of us liked going out in the rain. However the mud-fight was great fun!" "How
  about being fucked in the bum?" I asked. Angela said that again she was afraid
  as she hadn't experienced that before but, again, after the initial pain of
  penetration, it was lovely.  
 I played with her cunt and tits and she asked me to fuck her again. Well,
  with an invitation like that how could I refuse- so I laid in front of the
  fire and told her to put my cock into her cunt and work us both up. She climbed
  on to me and carefully did as I told her. Within seconds she was grinding herself
  against me and almost jumping up and down on me as she moved my cock up and
  down. Soon she said she was cumming and was it all right for her to do so-to
  which I replied loudly "Oh yes!!!" and we both got enormous orgasms. After
  she had got off me and calmed down, without any prompting she licked me clean.
  I led her into the bedroom where Mary was still tied up. I said "Mary, did
  you hear us fucking?" She nodded. I told her that Angela needed to be cleaned
  up and that she knew what to do. I told Angela to straddle Mary and told Mary
  to clean Angela's cunt, which she did immediately.  
 "I suppose you want to be untied now, Mary, don't you" I said. She answered "Yes,
  please, Master" I asked Angela if we should and she surprised me by asking
  if she could whip Mary first. Of course, I agreed. Mary swore and her eyes
  blazed with anger, but Angela ignored that and gave her 10 lashes on each tit
  and 10 on her cunt. Mary sobbed and screamed but finally it was over and we
  untied her.  
 When Mary was freed, Angela put her arms round her and burst into tears,
  saying she was sorry about whipping her and that Angela could whip her as punishment.
  Mary cuddled her and said she understood and she would be glad to whip her.
  I told them not to do it now, as it was lunchtime. They prepared a light lunch,
  which was absolutely delicious. I had certainly got 2 excellent cooks as maids.  
 After lunch was finished and cleared away, we sat on the rug in front of
  the fire and got them to read some erotic stories to me as I played about with
  their tits. I suggested we go to bed for a rest and once again we were playing
  with each other. I asked them if they had had any sexual relationships with
  other girls and both said they hadn't-but both thought that they would like
  to try it with each other. I told them to get on with it and they started slowly.
  Mary took Angela's tit into her mouth and sucked at it hard, then licked Angela
  right down her stomach until her tongue went inside her cunt. Angela wriggled
  about a bit and told Mary to fuck her with her tongue until they both came
  with a big scream. Then they reversed roles but Angela started from Mary's
  bum, up to her tits and then down to her cunt and once again with a lot of
  foreplay they came. By this time, I was feeling randy again (!) and said I
  wanted to be sucked off by both of them. They sucked and licked my cock and
  my tits and played by taking my cock into one mouth and then passing it over
  to the other-this went on for some time but eventually I couldn't stop myself
  and came over both their faces. They cleaned me up and we laid back in the
  bed and went to sleep for about an hour.  
 When I awoke both the girls were still asleep. I slipped out of bed and
  had a pee and a wash. The fire needed rebuilding as the house was cooling down.
  I went back into the bedroom and woke Angela and Mary up. I told them I wanted
  a cup of tea and that the fire needed attention. Angela went to do the fire
  and found there was no wood so I told her to fetch some from the woodshed outside.
  She hesitated as it was still raining, then put her shoes on and went out and
  came back twice with a pile of logs. Once again she knelt to stoke the fire
  and her lovely cunt was exposed to me as I sat on the sofa. Then Mary brought
  the tea in with some cake she had made in the morning. We sat in front of the
  now roaring fire and enjoyed our snack. Angela said to Mary that she thought
  she should be whipped as a reprisal for the thrashing she had given Mary earlier.
  Both of us thought this a good idea so once again I watched as a girl was beaten
  by another. Mary was, decidedly, heavier handed than Angela and she beat her
  much harder and longer than she had experienced herself. Soon it was over and
  they collapsed sobbing, into each other's arms.  
 It was great to toast myself in front of a big fire with an obedient girl-slave
  on each side of me! We sat there for a long time until the girls asked permission
  to cook dinner. Once again they excelled themselves-we had a four course meal
  with wine and coffee. I had rarely had better in a restaurant and I told them
  this- they were very pleased with this.  
They cleared the table and washed up and came back to the fire which they
  had to fill up again. I still found it difficult how they had taken to being
  nude all the time and being at my beck and call for anything. They both said
  that they were enjoying it a lot and hoped that I was pleased with them. I
  said I was but that I couldn't fuck any more tonight and that when we went
  to bed they could sleep together with me on one side and that if they wanted
  to play with each other that was OK by me. So that is exactly what happened-
  they fingered each other with much talking until I fell asleep.  
 When I woke up in the morning, again I was alone in the bed and as the previous
  morning the girls brought me a cup of tea. Angela asked if I needed a pee but
  I said not yet. So we sat on the bed as yesterday-but after I had drunk my
  tea, I had a strong urge for a fuck! So I told Angela to straddle me and fuck
  me. She wriggled about and slid my cock into her waiting cunt and started riding
  me. Soon she was shouting, "Yes! I'm cumming ! Yes, please ! Oh let me fuck
  you harder" She exploded with a squeal and slowly came down. Mary had been
  watching and without being told cleaned us both up with her tongue. What bliss!
  I told Mary that now I needed a piss so she obediently took my cock into her
  mouth and let me pee in her being very careful not to let a drop fall out,
  being mindful of the thrashing I had given Angela the previous morning.  
 After breakfast, I asked the girls what more supplies were needed as we
  were going to the nearest town to buy what ever was needed. They came back
  with quite a small list as we only had a few more days before we went home.
  I told them that I was going to give them both an OTK spanking before we went.
  They weren't too happy about this! First it was Angela's turn-I got her to
  bend over my knee with her rump in the air. It looked gorgeous! It already
  had a few red marks but as I spanked her with much yelling, her bum got a lot
  redder. I gave her 50 spanks and then she had to thank me in the usual way
  with kissing and sucking my huge cock. Mary had looked on this performance
  apprehensively, as she knew she was in for the same. She was right! Soon she
  too was over my knee and getting the same number as Angela and with equal sound
  effects from her. When she thanked me she had to make me cum and swallow my
  hot spunk.  
 I got them to stand in front of me with their bums towards me and I had
  done an excellent job in colouring them-a uniform red! I got out two large
  rubber cocks and pushed them up their cunts and then strapped them in so they
  wouldn't fall out. Then I made them pick a card -one had a "C" and the other
  a "T". Angela drew the "C" so I put cunt-clips on her and Mary got tit-clamps.
  Then we got dressed and went into town-about 40 minutes in the car. The girls
  were very subdued trying not to move too much as the cocks were so big and
  their bums so sore! We did our shopping and then I suggested having a coffee
  in a caf&eacute;. Neither was very happy but, of course, I got my way and we
  sat at a table and got served by a young waitress who looked at Angela &amp; Mary
  strangely as both their faces were showing pain Then we returned to the car
  and I drove home. When we arrived, I insisted that they unload the shopping
  and put it away before they could take off their clips. As they did, both cried
  out with the pain as the blood returned to their crushed parts- then I undid
  their straps and removed the rubber cocks &ndash;again they yelped! They had
  been wearing these things for about two hours.  
 After they had calmed down, I asked how they felt about their experiences
  so far. Surprisingly, they agreed that whilst the morning had been very uncomfortable
  and painful, they thought the treatment was the sort they had expected and
  were quite happy to continue for the next three days!  
 Indeed that was what happened. Lots of cock, both sucking and fucking and
  much thrashing. We also went out for our walks with the girls naked and on
  their leashes with games in the mud, thrashing and fucking. All the time the
  two girls continued their good work in the house which was spotless, warm and
  cosy and the meals we had were really excellent.  
 At last we came to our last night at the country house and we sat in front
  of the fire- naked as usual. We talked about the treatment they had been given
  and I praised them both as companions but also as really first class housekeepers.  
"When we get home," I said, " I'll leave you where
  I picked you up. I want you to go away and think about whether you want to
  come and live and work with me. But this is roughly the plan. You will keep
  house for me and I can do all the things we have done in the past week and
  more. I will give you free board and $150 each per week. You will have one
  day off each fortnight separately and once a month the two of you can have
  the day off together. However on your days off you will wear chastity belts,
  as I won't have anyone else fucking you. If you decide to accept these terms
  I'll draw up a proper agreement. The arrangement will be for two years and
  can be renewed if agreed by us mutually. Don't say anything now- have a week
  to think about it and I'll ring you both and ask for your decision.  
Angela said "Master, we have talked about this
  when we have been cooking and we agree on the week to think it over but we
  will be together when you phone me and we can both give you our decision."  
 That night the girls excelled themselves as they
  took my cock in every way they could think of. I was quite sore after so many
  penetrations! We slept very well!  
 So we came to our last morning. Angela came in
  with the tea and Mary to my surprise came in with my belt and asked that they
  both receive one last thrashing before going home. Who was I to refuse such
  an invitation? I gave them both 20 strokes with the belt then added a further
  20 in an OTK spanking. Were they red!  
 We packed our gear and they took it out to the car. I said I wouldn't handcuff
  them on the way back and so we left the house and drove back home. The girls
  complained about their sore backsides but of course, I just laughed. We got
  back home and with much kissing by all we parted.  
 The week passed slowly. I didn't really think they would come and live with
  me after the treatment I had given them. If not, I'd have to start looking
  again. But I'd had a lot of fun in that week away!  
 Eventually it was time to phone Angela. I wondered what she would say. I
  dialled her number and when she answered I instantly recognised her voice.  
 "Well, Angela." I said, "What have you decided?"  
 She replied "When can I sign the agreement? Master? Is that answer enough?
  I loved the week away and if the terms you suggested are OK still the same
  then I'm all yours! Now, I'll put Mary on"  
 Mary said" Yes, please Master I too want to serve you."  
 So I had my housemaids all ready for their (and my) special needs!  
 THE END 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hajim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





