BDSM Library - What a Surprise




What a Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A longer story using the Bootsie picture, with a lot of bdsm, torture and snuff, and a twist at the end.What a Surprise - by Spitman, &copy; January 1999  
In the middle of the noise and bustle of the party, I am struggling with
  the steel reinforced cuffs that hold my wrists securely locked together behind
  my back. I don't seriously expect to get anywhere. If they are half as good
  as the salesman promised me, they would hold a world class strong man without
  yielding a fraction of a millimetre. So far they are living up to his claim,
  and I dare not struggle too violently or I will attract more attention to myself.
  With my hands secured like this, my breasts thrust even more provocatively
  than usual, and the wetness I feel in my pussy must surely be visible. If I
  know Wanda, the fiery pain of my whipped bottom will not be the last, or the
  worst discomfort I will experience before the party is over.  
This place is like an enormous stage set - something between Imperial Roman
  and Hyatt Regency, although the costumes would look more in place on a ranch.
  And I mean a cattle ranch, or maybe a girl breeding farm. Yes, you guessed
  it, us girls are all totally nude in here. Most of us would envy the luxury
  a steer enjoys on a cattle ranch, but at least we are getting lots of sex.
  I wonder how Wanda got permission to use this place. It must be at least as
  big as a Las Vegas casino. And there are hundreds of us girls here. This is
  a lot more fun than the regular meat lottery, but Wanda said we have to be
  eligible anyway. She didn't explain why, and I didn't ask. It's probably better
  not to know. As long as I am enjoying myself I don't care when my turn comes,
  or how I will be harvested. I just want to feel everything as intensely as
  possible when it happens.  
The predicament I am in was not my idea. Still, the joy of these occasions
  is all in the little unexpected things, like the person in the crowd who so
  deftly clipped my lockable cuffs together before I realised what he was up
  to. The joke is on me, of course. It was an obvious thing to do when he saw
  how easy it would be. After all, this is a domination and submission party,
  and I would not be wearing this kind of equipment if I didn't expect it to
  be used, would I! This is no subway platform crowd, and I got exactly what
  I should have expected. The trouble is, the cuffs are not the only strongly
  designed bondage accessory I am wearing. With my hands secured behind me, my
  nipple and pussy rings are temptingly accessible, and I can't even protest
  or ask for help if I meet anyone I know, because my mouth is stuffed with that
  annoyingly efficient soft rubber gag. My best plan is to find a group that
  has neither the time nor the interest to pay attention to me, and hover just
  close enough so that other people think I am part of it. I am hoping desperately
  that Ian will not find me again. I dread to think what he will do if he finds
  me like this. Even Wanda's nasty ideas of fun are preferable to that particular
  prospect.  
There is a large noisy crowd around a fenced off area, something like a small
  cattle pen. It is about twenty yards away from me in the centre of the hall.
  A girl has just been let loose in the pen, and I am fascinated to see what
  happens next. She has long dark hair, and all she is wearing is a rope that
  binds her wrists tightly together behind her back. Tiny weights hang from stirrups
  inserted through her nipple piercings, and I recognise the style of the ring
  between her hairless pussy lips. It is just like mine. Spectators dressed like
  cowboys are throwing lassoos towards the unfortunate girl. She is running to
  dodge the lassoos now, and even from this distance I can see the wetness glistening
  in her slit. That lubrication will come in rather handy when one of them catches
  her. Attached to the pen is a smaller holding pen, and I can see other girls
  waiting for their turn. Each girl is tethered by a similar pussy ring to a
  long chain that runs down the middle of the holding pen. I know what it is
  like to be leashed by my own pussy ring. Either Wanda's piercing artist has
  been kept extremely busy, or rings like mine have suddenly become a country-wide
  craze.  
***** *****  
Wanda has many talents, but the most uncanny is the way she can control people
  by a word or a gesture. One day she called me on the phone.  
'Hi Stephanie, I'm going downtown. I'll pick you up in half an hour.'  
There was simply no question of arguing with her. I got ready, and an hour
  later I found myself in a tattoo and body piercing parlour, wondering why I
  was there. I had no idea what went on those places, or how it was done. I expected
  to come away with something, perhaps a small tattoo in a very private place!  
'Marcus, this is Stephanie.'  
'Hello, young lady. I'll be ready in a moment. Just leave your clothes on
  the chair and get up on the couch.'  
Wanda was grinning at me, but I didn't have the faintest idea why. I undressed
  and climbed up on the couch. It was peculiarly shaped, with side extensions
  and widely separated stirrups. Before I had time to think, they had me fixed
  so I could barely move, and then he wound my back up until my breasts were
  in the position he wanted. The straps were ominously business-like, but being
  a girlfriend of Wanda's, I am well used to that.  
'You are simply delicious, Stephanie,' Wanda said as her fingers ran delightfully
  over my body. Soon she had me shivering with excitement.  
'Let me see. Hmmmmm. Excellent. This will be no problem at all,' Marcus said
  as he pinched and pulled at my pussy flesh.  
Then Wanda pushed her finger and thumb gently but firmly into my slit on
  either side of my fleshy ridge, and pinched them tightly around the thick tubular
  hood of my clitoris. She pulled hard, stretching me while the artist inserted
  a pair of forceps beneath her fingers. I froze with awe as he pushed a long,
  curved needle through the base of my ridge, high within my slit.  
'There, you see! There's nothing to it!'  
He applied a healing salve before he inserted the ring. The shock came when
  he let it go. Its first gentle tug at my clitoris hood brought an instant orgasm,
  and my helpless convulsions brought a succession of further exquisite movements.
  I was too distracted to notice him teasing and tweaking my nipples, but moments
  later I felt the sharp pain of the needle again as he pierced my stiffened
  buds. Before I recovered my composure he had finished, and two bright gold
  matching rings swung gently below my throbbing teats. When they released me
  I could barely stand. I stepped gingerly over to a full length mirror. I was
  stunned by the transformation. I was a beautiful slave in need of an owner.
  I was so drained of energy that I didn't even speak on my way home.  
After my visit to the studio it took a few distracting weeks for my piercings
  to heal. After that it was a revelation. My pussy ring surprised me the most.
  I will never forget my first visit to what Wanda referred to as her charm school.
  Nudity was de rigeur, but I was astonished when she reached down casually and
  clipped a finely worked leash to my pussy ring. I was even more surprised to
  discover how exciting it felt. Leashed like that, I could easily imagine myself
  as a pleasure slave. Her first gentle tug was hardly unexpected, but the feeling
  was indescribable. I loved it. I might have guessed that she had something
  nastier in mind; a vicious heave, that found my legs desperately trying to
  keep up with my pussy, which seemed to have taken off all on its own. It taught
  me how easily I can be controlled by my ring. The tender ache that followed
  was mingled with such sweet, intense pleasure that I could barely stand it.
  That particular experience changed me for ever.  
My thoughts and dreams are still filled with vivid images of my first experience
  as Wanda's slave. I cannot turn over in bed without a little unexpected tug
  giving me a super orgasm. Sometimes I wake up at night quivering with pleasure.
  Often my pussy is sopping wet when I wake up in the morning. Wanda loves to
  phone me up before I go to bed. She makes outrageous suggestions, like promises
  that she will chain my ring with a padlock to a railing in the street, or even
  a pillar on a subway platform, remove the coat which is all I am wearing, and
  leave me totally naked in front of the morning commuter crowds. I know she
  could easily get away with something like that. Nobody would notice the girl
  who was casually walking away with my coat. But so far it has remained only
  a threat.  
It takes very little to keep me awake at night.When I am restless it is even
  harder to forget, with that wicked ring tugging at my clitoris every time I
  move. She even persuaded me to try sleeping with a chain clipped to my clitoris
  ring, running back through my legs, and then loosely up to the bedframe beside
  my pillow. I loved it! I really felt like a slave when I did it. But the things
  she does when she has me helplessly secured in her torture room are quite another
  matter. She is not afraid of inflicting pain, but she likes to surprise me.
  She likes to punish me while I am blindfolded, so I can hear everything, but
  I can't guess what is coming. She makes me come and come and come until I can't
  stand it any more. And then again. I know she has other slaves, but she says
  I respond beautifully to pleasure and pain, and that is why I am at this party.
  It is Wanda's idea of a reward for being a good obedient slave all these months.  
***** *****  
In the cattle pen the girl is still dodging those lassoos. Her weighted nipples
  stick out a mile, and her generously rounded bottom is as tempting as the thrusting
  curves of her breasts. I hold my breath as a lassoo drops neatly over her head.
  The delighted cowboy jerks it taut, and jumps down into the ring to lead her
  towards the gate. She follows him obediently onto a thick rubber exercise mat,
  and helpfully raises her hips as he thrusts mercilessly into her dripping pussy.
  He pounds urgently into her, totally careless of her pleasure. Seconds later
  he jerks in an obvious climax and then collapses onto her, gasping from the
  effort. She squirms against him, trying desperately to hold his rapidly softening
  organ inside her. She has my sympathy, especially after waiting all that time,
  but eventually she manages a brief climax of her own. I can imagine how disappointed
  she feels after a pathetic performance like that. It is hardly the stuff of
  dreams. I am even more determined not to follow her example. I watch, fascinated,
  as he drags her up onto a small scaffold and throws the end of his lassoo over
  the beam. Tears run down her cheeks as he makes her stand on a small stool,
  then tightens the lassoo and fastens the other end to a cleat. When he kicks
  the stool away the cord cuts deep into her neck. Obviously she can't breathe.
  She kicks wildly for a moment, but soon her struggles are over and she hangs
  motionless.  
The cowboy calls out to a man who is standing by with a stopwatch.  
'How's that, Bob?'  
'Five minutes and thirty-four seconds. Not a bad round. That puts you in
  third place.' The crowd applauds his performance, but I am not impressed. I
  want to have a lot more fun than that, before I get snuffed. I glance over
  as the unfortunate girl is tossed into a cart and wheeled away. Most of the
  crowd are more interested in the next girl, who has already been released into
  the cattle pen. I have no intention of going anywhere near that particular
  activity if I can possibly help it.  
'So here you are, my dear!'  
I shiver as Ian leans close to my ear. I love the feeling of his tall hard
  body up against mine. I have a sinking feeling in my stomach. Surely he is
  not going to take me over to that awful cattle pen! I tremble with fear. If
  he wants to do that to me, there is nothing I can do to stop him. It is infuriating
  to be so helpless. I imagine the feel of a lassoo round my neck. It is awful.
  He reaches down and takes my pussy ring with his thumb.  
'Don't worry, Wanda sent me to find you. When she finishes giving Kim a lesson,
  she has a surprise for you.'  
He tries to distract me by nibbling at my ear, reaching surreptitiously behind
  his back. I recognise Wanda's leash immediately. I tremble with excitement
  as he clips it quickly to my pussy ring. He smiles at my fidgeting. I am terrified,
  but I feel a lot safer on the end of his leash. At least nobody else will interfere
  until we get to where we are going, and any surprise of Wanda's is preferable
  to the fate of those poor girls in the cattle pen.  
All the same, I wonder what painful treatment Wanda has dreamed up for Kim,
  not that I mind, after the way she treated me. She is a nasty, vicious cow
  who doesn't care how it feels to be on the receiving end, and she deserves
  everything she is going to get. I am not the only one who feels that way, either.
  A few minutes ago I saw Kim mounted on an uncomfortably thick steel dildo post.
  It was raised so high that her toes could barely reach the floor. Her wrists
  were strapped tightly to her elbows behind her. Ian was giving her a merciless
  caning, minutes after she was released from the medieval whipping block. By
  now her bottom must be thoroughly tenderised. My own is still a little warm
  after my own experience on the block.  
Ian tugs me forward and I follow him awkwardly. I cannot get used to walking
  with my hands cuffed like this. But if he is not going to release my wrists,
  there is little point in arguing. At least I am getting used to the feel of
  these very special cuffs. They have steel cores strong enough to tow an ocean
  liner, catches that would stay out of reach of the most able contortionist,
  and slip-resistant linings.  
***** *****  
It was quite an experience when I bought them. I stripped to see how I would
  look in them nude, as they would be virtually my only adornment at the party.
  A very pretty young assistant, in a form fitting red rubber suit, produced
  an assortment of equipment to go with them. Moments later I was gagged, and
  hobbled with my ankle cuffs joined by a short chain. I thought I looked fantastic
  in the mirrors in the fitting room, but that did not satisfy my young helper.
  Before I realised what she was up to, she had clipped a leather leash to my
  pussy ring, and after a painfully sharp tug to show that she meant business,
  she led me out into the shop.  
I had been there several times before, but until that moment I had never
  paid much attention to the circular cage that took pride of place, on a raised
  platform, right in the middle of the shop. I had assumed that it was just another
  piece of equipment for sale, between an ominously authentic-looking whipping
  block, and a large bondage frame. They even had a rack, and one of those big
  rotating wheels that would take a truck to transport it, as well as kits you
  could use to make bondage crosses and similar items. It was only after I had
  negotiated the ramp, and the door shut behind me, that I realised why it was
  really there. It was an open showcase for live demonstrations of bondage and
  restraint equipment, and I was on show in front of the customers. My energetic,
  obviously genuine efforts to free myself must have looked as ineffectual as
  they felt, and I had the distinct impression that all I was achieving was a
  boost in sales.  
It must have been half an hour later when the assistant helped me out of
  the cage and down the ramp. Her perfectly timed tugs had me convulsing with
  pleasure by the time I was half way across the floor. Back in the fitting room,
  before she released me her fingers eased me to a wonderful climax. I had never
  imagined that anything could feel as secure as those cuffs did, once they were
  clipped together. They removed any thought of being able to intervene while
  she pleasured me. I was sufficiently impressed to purchase the whole collection,
  including the gag that I am also wearing at this very moment.  
***** *****  
An unexpected tug at my throbbing clitoris reminds me not to dawdle. I know
  better than to fight against Ian's control. I am made to follow him at his
  chosen pace. It is infuriating that I can't reach forward to relieve the insistent
  tension at my pussy ring. Every movement brings a climax closer. I know I cannot
  hold out for very much longer. If he keeps this up I will explode long before
  we reach wherever he is taking me. I'm sure he knows that perfectly well. Already
  we are attracting the attention of other party-goers, who seem to find my predicament
  highly amusing. I am suddenly surrounded by a small group of them.  
'Where are you taking her, Ian?' A curious blonde, in a bright red rubber
  body suit that pulls tightly into her slit, fingers my pussy ring for a moment.
  I notice that her suit is padlocked at the neck. She probably stuffed to the
  gills with something nasty, if Wanda had anything to do with it. She seems
  perfectly composed. I wonder if she would be as composed in my position. Her
  companion was leading her by a leash snapped to what looks like a stainless
  steel collar, but for the moment he seems more interested in me. He obviously
  knows Ian rather well.  
'Come on, Ian, be a sport! Let me hold her for a minute!' He is so well built
  that he could probably hold an elephant.  
'Sorry, Derek, Wanda is waiting for us. I had better not keep her waiting!'  
'I know exactly what you mean, but come on! It will only take a moment.'  
'Hey Ian, won't you let me try that? It looks like fun.'  
Another girl, a spectacular, and very dusky beauty is dressed mostly in steel
  chains, attached to a variety of rings that she has inserted in some very interesting
  places. She seems to have rows of them in her pussy lips, and one mysterious
  chain emerges from her vulva and runs up to a bar and stirrup in her navel.
  She is very cheerful indeed, and obviously timidity is not in her vocabulary.
  She reaches out for the leash that Ian is holding me by, but fortunately for
  me he has other ideas, at least for the moment.  
'Leave her alone!' Ian protested. 'No, don't touch her! Wanda is waiting
  for us. Don't be silly, Martina, I can't let her go just to give you a quick
  thrill. Go and find someone else to deal with you, if that's what you really
  want.' He sounded annoyed, and the girls moved back out of his way, but their
  escort offered the blonde's leash to Ian.  
'Here, why don't you take Susan for a moment?'  
'Well, okay, Derek,' he said to the muscular young man. 'I suppose it will
  be all right, just for a minute, but be gentle with her!'  
'Ian, you can't,' I protest. 'Wanda will be mad if he hurts me!'  
His hand feels a little rough at first as he makes me follow him round in
  a big circle, but I begin to realise that his apparent roughness is actually
  quite predictable. I soon learn to get into the right rhythm. It is very different
  from the way Ian handles me, and I am beginning to like it. It is getting me
  nicely warmed up, but I am also learning to obey the nuances of his control
  signals. If this goes on for very much longer I will be his absolute slave.
  Meanwhile Ian is teaching Susan a lesson. Her bottom will be as hot as mine
  before he has finished with her. She will learn to be a little less forward.
  After a few more circuits I am actually sorry when Derek returns me to Ian.
  Martina's wrists are now neatly imprisoned in gyves attached to her belt on
  either side, and she is also squirming excitedly. I wonder what Derek has in
  store for them. Martina fascinates me. I wonder how that mysterious looking
  chain is attached inside her pussy. Some girls have a piercing through their
  cervix, but others have a fitting that can be pushed through the cervix and
  opens up inside. I wonder how that would feel.  
'Come on, Stephanie,' Ian says quietly, as he leads me away from the group.  
As I follow him I see a surprising number of girls with identical rings to
  mine around the hall. Most girls seem unaware of their significance. They will
  learn, soon enough. This is not just a gigantic titillating fashion parade.
  Pain follows submission as surely as a ringed, leashed girl will follow her
  Master. At least there are some men here who know how to handle a slave. I
  shiver at the thought of those insidious rhythmic tugs. I loved Derek's touch.
  Ian is a crude amateur by comparison. I wonder how Derek would use some of
  the exotic equipment around here. It all looks genuine enough, but most of
  it is state of the art in one way or another, even the items that look medieval.
  It is probably just as well that electronics were not invented at the time
  of the Spanish Inquisition, or the history of torture might feature even more
  of the stuff around here.  
***** *****  
When I arrived with Mandy and Ian there were easily a hundred people of both
  sexes in the locker room. It is probably a lot quieter now, after the rush.
  I was surprised to be shown into a personal alcove with a dressing table and
  full-length mirror, next to a tall locker. None of us girls had been in a place
  like this before. The bath section was simply incredible. There were two deep
  rectangular baths, each the size of a small swimming pool, and one of them
  steaming hot, judging by the steam. Around the baths were shower rooms, a steam
  room, and two large sauna baths next to the cold pool. The individual shower
  cubicles had jets in every corner, spray heads on every side and a fountain
  in the middle of the floor. There were also toilets fitted with water jets.
  No problems here with soggy toilet paper. And enema hoses. An assistant helped
  me with the enema hose. Its long polished and well lubricated steel tip slid
  easily into my rear passage. When I pressed the button a perfectly mixed shot
  of warm soapy water flooded into me. It was quite an experience. The next time
  it felt as if I was getting double the dose. The third time my belly swelled
  up as if I was pregnant. Afterwards I felt incredibly clean, inside and out.  
The hot bathing pool was crowded with naked people of both sexes. It had
  underwater jets that pulled excitingly at my rings when I got too close. At
  first I tried to ignore the firm athletic bodies of naked men around me, but
  it was impossible to avoid any contact. Accidentally I touched something familiar,
  and closed my hand around it, only to gasp when I realised that it was a man's
  rigid cock. The owner grinned at my discomfiture. He held me still while his
  fingers caressed my pussy until I was squirming violently. I kicked wildly
  in the water while his other hand fondled my breasts. I was helpless in his
  hands. At first he seemed more interested in setting me off on my own, than
  fucking me. His fondling felt very nice, and I was soon wriggling with pleasure.  
When I touched his cock again it was no accident. I reached down and closed
  my fingers round it. To my surprise they only just met. He was enormous. I
  stroked him a few times, and then I reached down to caress his balls. They
  hung loosely in their sack. I stroked the tender crease on either side of it.
  He grinned wickedly at me. Suddenly I found myself astride him with his cock
  pressing against my tingling pussy opening. I wriggled. That was a mistake.
  It only lodged him deeper. He gripped my bottom tightly and with a sudden hard
  thrust his cock was deep inside me. I knew it was too late to protest. It felt
  wonderful. I pushed gently at his chest when he increased the pace of his strokes.
  Intense pleasure flooded through me. I melted inside. He guided me below the
  surface of the pool. I was ready to explode. He dived deep with me. I saw the
  scissoring legs of girls above me. I fought for air, but he kept me under,
  relentlessly thrusting deep every time he kicked us forward. Suddenly we were
  rising. I gasped for breath as we broke the surface. I drummed my fists on
  his chest. He gripped my bottom cheeks and rammed into me, his urgency growing.
  I had a primeval urge to suck him dry of seed. My contractions gripped him
  and I was oblivious of everything but the sweet explosions that kept on convulsing
  me.  
I paid very little attention when he lifted me onto the side of the pool,
  even when he carried me a few yards with my arms around his neck. I was perfectly
  contented. He dumped me casually into the icy plunge pool without warning.
  I screamed with pure outrage. It was a heart-stopping shock to my system. I
  struggled to reach the ladder, all thoughts of pleasure instantly forgotten.  
'You!' I yelled. 'You, you . . . !' I just couldn't think of anything suitable
  to call him.  
'Call me Ted,' he replied cheekily, escaping through the door into the main
  part of the Club.  
I managed to climb out, exhausted. By the time I finished another luxurious
  shower with that fountain playing onto my pussy, I was beginning to see the
  funny side. It was a pretty good start to the evening, all things considered.
  I returned to the locker room, towelled myself vigorously, and prepared my
  outfit.  
This outfit is like a collection of leather straps, fitted with an assortment
  of business-like rings, buckles and clips that can be attached to virtually
  anything. Each strap has a braided steel core, that is subtly hidden under
  the masterfully tooled leather. The external attachments are all welded to
  that core of braided steel. The lining feels like kid to wear, but the comfortable
  feel is deceptive. No amount of struggling will shift or loosen the high tensile
  steel. Even if I am taken well beyong the normal limits of suspension or stretching,
  nothing can give way (except me, of course). There are endless ways to lock
  them together, including a hogtie. I can even manage some of them on my own.  
I fitted the straps round my body. The ends snapped together with deceptive
  ease. I made sure they were all comfortably tight. That was the easy part.
  Loosening the straps at the end of the party would a very different proposition.
  I would need Ian's special key for that.  
When I finally entered the hall I could hardly believe my eyes. Wanda's other
  parties had not prepared me for the sheer scale of it. The main hall was full
  of naked men and girls in all kinds of outfits, mostly suitable for bondage.
  One group of girls was escorted by men colourfully dressed in authentic looking
  cowboy outfits. The girls themselves wore colourful rope collars like lassoos,
  with a padlock to prevent them loosening. The ends of the ropes dangled down
  behind, but not always freely. One girl's neck rope ran down between her bottom
  cheeks, which were pink, probably from a recent punishment of some sort. The
  rope passed up between her legs to her pussy ring. Between her legs the rope
  carried a heavy spiked ball. She would certainly learn to keep them well apart.
  Her wrists were cuffed to her belt on either side. It was sheer cruelty. Tears
  were running down her cheeks, but in spite of her obvious discomfort she was
  flushed with excitement. I shivered at the thought of the heavy spiked ball
  tugging at her pussy ring every time she moved. Another girl had her wrists
  pulled up tightly to her neck behind. Her bottom showed signs of painful attention
  as well. I didn't envy her. Much.  
My own state of ringed nudity would catch the eye of a meditating monk at
  a thousand paces I wondered if I should have made myself quite so eye-catching.
  It was not just that the sight of my bare breasts would stop most men dead
  in their tracks, or even that my bright golden rings attract the eye to my
  nipples and pussy. The moment I entered the hall I realised that I had given
  myself away by wearing an outfit that the discerning eye would recognise as
  heavyweight bondage professional.  
***** *****  
As Ian leads me across the hall, I see that it is divided into open and screened
  areas. There are large deep alcoves all along the side we are approaching.
  The alcoves are like open sided workshops, where submissives who are that way
  inclined can try some of Wanda's special scenarios. Judging by the crowds surrounding
  certain alcoves, they are getting quite an audience, and obviously there is
  no shortage of volunteers, willing or otherwise. Some are probably finding
  out the hard way, what it is like to be taken by surprise in front of a lively
  crowd.  
I recognise a girl called Sandra, whose wrists are stretched wide apart and
  shackled to a horizontal bar. She has separate long, slender horizontal rods
  through her nipples, fixed in place by golden pins emerging from their tips,
  and sharply spiked steel balls on both ends of each rod. Her legs are stretched
  apart to reveal her wet, hairless pussy lips with a shorter bar, a slender
  golden rod with a tiny ball on each end, inserted horizontally through the
  very tip of her unusually elongated clitoris. Her escort is skilfully encouraging
  her to move with synchronised strokes of a nastily split cane across her bare
  bottom, making those bars spin rapidly, twisting her nipples and her extraordinarily
  extended clitoris, until she is helplessly convulsing, gasping with pain and
  excitement.  
I cannot imagine how Sandra can take such extreme treatment, and still show
  every sign of enjoyment. Her nipples and clitoris must surely be on fire from
  the twisting of those terrible spinning bars. It would be just like Wanda to
  fit me with bars like that. I hope she doesn't think of it.  
One of Sandra's audience is a girl whose wrists are cuffed to a thick leather
  collar. She has a long silver rod joining her nipples. A chain runs down from
  the centre of this bar to a large gold ring that emerges from between her pussy
  lips. It looks so much like mine that I know immediately where she must have
  had it done.  
It is strange that Wanda doesn't wear rings like that herself, when she is
  obviously obsessed by the idea of them. It must be different for her, being
  dominant, rather than submissive like the majority of us. Wanda is in her element
  with either male or female slaves, but she is peculiarly reluctant to try the
  submissive role. That is not the only mystery surrounding Wanda. I can't help
  feeling that she is really missing something, even if she has a lot of the
  most exciting bondage ideas that I have ever come across.  
I love the feel of my pussy ring. I am a little more accustomed to it now,
  but the first few weeks were intolerably distracting. I could hardly walk without
  having an orgasm. I still find it difficult to hurry. Once my clitoris becomes
  aroused, even gentle motion of the ring reduces me to a state of tingling arousal.
  It only has to swing a little further to touch the erect tip of my aroused
  clitoris. That particular sensation is indescribable. So I do not dare to hurry.
  Being led by a leash attached to my ring is even worse, but there is nothing
  a girl can do to resist a sensation like that. I am so easily brought to a
  climax that there is little point in trying to avoid it. Even when I am allowed
  to remain still, its presence between my legs is a potent reminder of what
  it can do to me, but Ian is more likely to encourage me with an occasional
  unexpected stroke of a whip or a cane, or see how long it takes me to reach
  an orgasm with someone chasing me.  
I know that Wanda is waiting for me, and there is little chance of escaping
  whatever she is planning to do to me. Generously, she assumes that I can endure
  whatever her inventive mind dreams up. I take that as a compliment. Ours is
  not a nice relationship. She brings out things buried deep inside me, sometimes
  nasty things, usually things that hurt more than they please me. I always feel
  a deep excitement, especially when she pushes my limits beyond anything I had
  previously thought I could take. That is what it means to be her slave.  
There is a peculiar transition from freedom to captivity. It would feel all
  wrong if I was expected to give right in immediately and without any contest.
  I want to be surprised, to be overcome, to know that my best efforts are useless.
  Wanda has a knack of taking control before I realise what is happening, and
  then it is beautifully, deliciously too late, and I have no choice but to obey
  her. She makes me feel at my ease, and the things she asks me to do seem perfectly
  innocent, even when I know exactly what she is up to. And then there is that
  very special moment, when she takes control with deft expertise and strength
  before I have time to even think of resisting her. And then I am always punished
  for my stupidity, to show that I am truly a slave.  
I like to be the centre of attention, but I am weak, and it is better that
  I am wearing a gag. It is always tempting to protest, to plead for mercy. When
  I am gagged I can yell as loudly as I like and I know it will make no difference.
  Wanda never discusses my limits with me. She just moves them when she pleases.
  She is right. I should not be trying to control the proceedings when she should
  be dominating me. You never know how something will feel until you have tried
  it. Wanda invents things I would never have thought of, and she keeps on moving
  the boundaries just when I think I have found out where they are.  
My breasts are nicely rounded, and almost as firm as solid muscle. Even without
  support they thrust out beautifully. That opens up a number of painful possibilities,
  like rope bondage and breast whipping. Floppy breasts are not very popular
  with whipmasters. They are just unruly. Luckily my breasts don't lose their
  shape when they are bound, even tightly. Wanda likes me in a hogtie, because
  then my breasts stick out like turrets, and my nipple rings are tempting to
  play with. I have resigned myself to being chosen by Wanda more often than
  the other girls. I know I look good from every angle, and so far I have taken
  everything she has dished out. I am resigned to becoming a regular guest at
  her exclusive parties. The worse it gets, the more I am drawn into it. She
  understands that perfectly. I would not have it any other way.  
We are passing another alcove, where five well-spaced couches are occupied
  by girls whose ankles are lifted high and wide apart, while their wrists are
  tethered to the floor on either side, and a waist strap is having the curiously
  erotic effect of tilting their hips upwards. Each one is getting a different
  treatment. Their tormentors are teasing them mercilessly. I recognise a small
  cat-of-nine-tails made from silk. It is one of Wanda's favourites. There are
  other more painful implements. One of the girls is being fucked energetically
  while her nipples are stretched upwards by silken cords attached to her nipple
  rings. She is squirming beautifully, and I cannot help feeling a little jealous.  
My breasts are not my only attractive feature. I am also quite tall, but
  not enough to be intimidating. My long shapely legs are firm from regular exercise,
  and my bottom is temptingly rounded. My black hair is well-behaved, even when
  I let it grow. Today I cut it short. I didn't want to hide my face, which everybody
  says is captivatingly pretty. There is a little oriental in my blood. Perhaps
  that is what they all find so interesting. An attentive observer might notice
  it in the shape of my eyes, and the way I am rounded. More obvious is my jet
  black hair, especially the sparse wisps that adorn my perfectly smooth, but
  temptingly plump sex lips. The oriental comes out even more strongly in my
  sexual inclinations. I crave for experiences that go far beyond the limits
  of pleasure and pain that most people can stand.  
I am a living work of art. I love to dance in my natural state of nudity,
  and to be admired while I do it. To be inspected and not to dance is something
  clinical, not something enjoyable. When I am stretched so taut in bondage that
  I can barely move I feel that I can express myself perfectly. My sex can be
  inspected minutely without causing me any embarrassment. If I am gagged, I
  am also spared the inconvenience of having to object for the sake of appearances.
  Struggling only adds to the artistic effect. Wanda likes to participate by
  controlling my movements with a whip or a cane. It is a lot more difficult
  to control my response when she uses a tawse or a cat. My orgasms are wild
  under the cat. She knows exactly how to lay those plets into my tenderest places.
  I am made to feel that I am completely at her mercy. She keeps me on the edge
  for what seems like hours before she lets me climax. It is terrible to be bound
  and want release desperately while she keeps me from an orgasm with her deliberate,
  calculated pauses, enslaving me by the intensity of my pain and the excitement
  of anticipation.  
***** *****  
That distracting thought reminds me of my burning bottom. It was a new experience
  to be whipped on a genuine looking medieval whipping block. Until today I would
  not have believed that this&nbsp;place could exist, just thirty minutes from
  downtown Las Vegas. This hall alone is huge. The height must be at least eight
  stories, and inside there are hundreds of alcoves, niches and balconies. All
  the way up to the ceiling I can see cameos. There are hogtied girls suspended
  from balconies over a fifty foot drop, others stretched by elastics in mid
  air between the walls, girls wriggling on dildo posts, others bound over beams,
  and some bound upside down to wooden frames. Everywhere I see girls being whipped
  and caned. A few are receiving more specialised treatment, with electric dildos
  and other sex machines. I suspect that worse torments are reserved for private
  alcoves, and other locked rooms leading off the hall.  
I was caught when I had barely entered the hall from the locker room. The
  block had fascinated me as soon as I saw it, raised on a knee-high dais. I
  just stood there, staring at it. Perhaps I should have paid a little more attention
  to its two muscular attendants. They must have been waiting for a suitable
  guest to practise on, and I had hesitated just long enough to betray my interest.  
'Young lady, you look just right for a turn on the Block,' they had said.  
My feet were frozen as they approached me. My head spun with conflicting
  emotions as they gripped my arms and lifted me effortlessly off the ground,
  turning towards the Block. Suddenly I panicked. I was quite helpless in their
  grip, but I didn't dare to admit even to myself that I was scared. Perhaps
  they only want me to model for them, I told myself. I didn't want to chicken
  out in front of my friends Mandy and Ian, who were watching from the other
  side of the block, obviously enjoying my predicament.  
'Go on Stephanie, be a sport,' my friend Mandy called out.  
'That's the stuff, Stephanie, show them you can take it,' Ian shouted.  
'Just watch those tits move,' came from an appreciative stranger. I looked
  up. He was displaying a rather impressive erection, but what fascinated me
  was the pair of tiny spiked skulls that enclosed his nipples; not something
  I wanted to get close to. Most of the spikes pointed outwards.  
'Hey Stephanie, show us your pussy over here,' someone followed. The attendants
  lifted me, grabbed my kicking ankles, pulled my legs apart and turned me around
  to give everyone a good look, making sure to jiggle my rings as they did so.
  I gasped as my pleasure grew. I was going to climax very soon, if they kept
  this up. My obvious excitement brought more delighted comments from the crowd.  
'Let's see how she dances to the whip,' a female voice came from behind me.  
There were other cries of 'Yes,' and 'Get on with it then!' from other girls.  
I wondered how enthusiastic they would be if our positions were reversed.
  I had an amusing thought. They had gathered around with a naive lack of caution,
  and my captors would need another girl as soon as they had finished with me.
  Anyone who was silly enough to attract attention to herself was very likely
  to be next. They would soon find out how it felt to be controlled with such
  masterful ease. I could see that this was going to be a popular event at the
  party.  
The block looked even more forbidding at close range. My knees fitted nicely
  into the two grooves at its base. When they had tightened the straps behind
  my knees, I felt completely helpless. They pulled me forward by my wrists until
  I lay over the block. It was smooth and cold, but not too uncomfortable. Clips
  secured my wrist cuffs on either side. I was surprised to have so much freedom
  to move my upper body. A broad strap over my waist immobilised the rest of
  me. It was so tight that I could hardly breathe. It tilted my hips upwards.
  I knew my vulva was protruding lewdly between my smooth, tautly stretched bottom
  cheeks. Fighting the straps was exciting, especially when my pussy ring began
  to swing. Someone reached between my legs, pulled my ring down and clipped
  it to a latch that was obviously positioned in the block for that very purpose.
  It was only at that point that I realised how perfectly it was designed for
  a girl ringed through the ridge of her clitoris hood. My ring was so tautly
  stretched that any movement brought a hard, painful jerk at my clitoris.  
'Keep still for a moment, Stephanie,' a voice said, unnecessarily. I had
  no intention of moving even a muscle if I could help it! A hand reached forward
  and moved a lever.  
'Owwwww!' I yelled as sharp points emerged from the block and pricked my
  breasts. I struggled, but I couldn't lift my breasts clear of the wicked points.
  My yelling was quickly silenced. They forced a thick, soft rubbery gag into
  my mouth, and strapped it tightly in place. Fingers were busy at my nipple
  rings. I felt two gentle tugs, then a stronger tug as thick elastics pulled
  my breasts down towards those terrible spikes. I arched my back in desperation.
  My nipples were stretched painfully. If I relaxed the spikes pricked my breasts.
  I was going to finish up like a pincushion. I had never been so comprehensively
  immobilised. Worse still, my bottom was tilted cheekily upwards, into a perfect
  position for punishment. I was ready, gagged and helpless. I couldn't think
  of anything they had forgotten, and if I had it was sure to be something painful.
  The outcome was ominously predictable. I shivered.  
'Stephanie darling, you look excellent,' Mandy called out, with her usual
  subtlety.  
As usual, she was completely missing the point. She had no idea how this
  felt.  
Fingers poked rudely at my vulva. They felt greasy. They tugged a narrow
  thong up from the base of the block, through my pussy ring, between my pussy
  lips, between my bottom cheeks, and fastened it tightly to the back of the
  waist strap. It cut deeply into my slit. I knew all about saddle straps. I
  knew exactly what was coming. I tensed, suspecting that they were ready to
  begin.  
'Would anyone like to tease this bundle of wickedness, before we start?'  
I shivered as the crowd surged forward. Amateurs are dangerous at times like
  this. I felt as if a dozen excited spectators was fondling me with varying
  degrees of roughness. Inquisitive fingers stroked my sex lips on either side
  of the saddle strap, and tested the tautness of my pussy ring. Rough hands
  pinched and kneaded my breasts and buttocks. I felt like a piece of meat being
  prepared for cooking, rather than any kind of erotic offering. At least some
  of them were a little more subtle with their caresses. They were probably girls,
  but you could never be sure of a thing like that.  
'I'll tell you what, why don't we fuck, when you have finished playing with
  those crapheads,' Ian whispered into my ear, while his knowing fingers managed
  to stroke my parted labia with a familiar gentleness. I couldn't even give
  him a rude answer. My body was responding unbidden to his practised teasing.
  I quivered as the accustomed tingling began. I could have killed him, if I
  wasn't so helpless.  
I was so distracted that I didn't even notice when he stepped back and joined
  the crowd.  
'Swisssssh Sniccck!' I heard the unmistakeable sound of the whip hurtling
  towards me, and then an even more awful sound, that could only mean it had
  impacted on my tightly clenched cheeks.  
'Mmmmmphhhh!' Fire streaked across my bottom as the lash curled accurately
  below my cheeks from hip to hip. I convulsed instantly in a violent climax,
  but even in the throes of an orgasm I could scarcely move a millimetre. The
  crowd chattered loudly. They were enjoying my discomfiture. Silence told me
  that I was about to receive another vicious stroke. The whip flicked accurately
  between my cheeks. I screamed into my gag as fire exploded up the line of the
  saddle strap. I fought wildly. My struggles only brought a vicious tug at my
  pussy ring, which triggered another instant climax.  
I heard appreciative noises like 'Wow!' and 'Just watch her wriggle!' as
  if anyone was doing anything else, and 'That's right, good shot!' from Ian.
  The bastard. I would like to see him whipped like this. A business-like ring
  protruded from the steel collar around his balls. It would be handy to secure
  him with. It might even fit into that latch set into the block between my legs.
  I smiled at the thought.  
The attendants took it in turns. They must have had plenty of practice. I
  could tell that by the pain and accuracy of the leisurely strokes they gave
  me.  
Mandy was standing close, right in front of me. She seemed completely unaware
  that from where I was, close to the ground, I had a fine view up her short
  red skirt. Between her plump smoothly shaved lips a pink morsel glistened with
  her juices. I couldn't help smiling at the thought of Mandy getting off on
  the display I was giving. Obviously her thoughts were not of sympathy, but
  I couldn't blame her. The sight of my own response to the pain was enough to
  set anyone off, and I know Mandy. Anything like that is like a flame to a moth.
  Her limited imagination feeds on sights like this.  
Mandy has a lovely tall, shapely figure. The microskirt was all she was wearing,
  apart from a pair of shiny red boots. Her bare, shapely breasts displayed a
  pretty pair of golden nipple rings matching my own, but hers were joined by
  a slender gold chain, and her auburn hair was cut short, pixie style.  
Unlike many of the other girls, Mandy was not pierced between her legs. It
  was a pity. Apart from the fun she was missing, a ring emerging from between
  her pretty hairless lips would be stunning. She knew exactly what I was looking
  at. Smiling wickedly she parted her legs to give me a better view. If she knew
  what I was thinking of, she might not be quite so pleased with herself. She
  was perfectly made to take a ring through the swollen ridge of her clitoris
  hood, near the top of her slit. I was glad of the distraction. It took my mind
  off the pain of my whipping for a few precious moments.  
Another merciless, accurate stroke burned its way across my bare bottom.  
'Hey, Stephanie!' Mandy called. 'He is brilliant, isn't he!'  
Those were not exactly my own sentiments at that particular moment. She was
  squirming with excitement. I was sure she was just as wet between her legs
  as I was. She might be a good candidate to try this next. Beside her Ian was
  watching me attentively. He might have seen Mandy's hand reaching under her
  skirt, but he couldn't see her fingers teasing their way between her lips.
  I had a perfect view of her exertions as she brought herself quickly to a gasping
  climax. It was so exciting to watch her that I exploded in another violent
  orgasm of my own.  
The vicious strokes continued. My bottom cheeks were on fire. It took a supreme
  effort to keep my breasts off those wicked spikes. The carefully timed strokes
  brought me to one orgasm after another until I could barely distinguish the
  pleasure from the pain. It was an anticlimax when the last stroke fell. My
  tormentors bowed, smiling to the appreciative crowd.  
There were calls of 'Well done, you lovely lass,' from one onlooker, followed
  by a belated 'Hey, don't stop now, you were just getting into the rhythm,'
  from a girl I remembered from another party, a pretty young brunette called
  Kim, who was dressed in a brief black rubber skirt and halter.  
Kim was obviously enjoying my predicament, and didn't want the fun to stop.  
'Well, young lady,' came the reply. 'Perhaps she does need a little more
  attention. Why don't you come up here and give her some yourself.'  
Kim stepped forward with a grin. 'Why, thanks,' she answered. 'I don't mind
  if I do.'  
They handed her the whip, and showed her where to stand to keep it clear
  of the crowd.  
Kim was merciless. I knew the type. She has no inhibitions, no compunction
  about really hurting a girl, unlike the male attendants, who were expert, but
  far more controlled. I wondered how far they would let her go. She must have
  done this before, I realised. Her seeming inexperience was just an act. After
  some really vicious strokes across my thighs, she gave a few wicked cuts into
  my burning crevice. I was beginning to worry that she might cause some real
  damage when at long last the attendants stepped in and removed the whip. They
  stood on either side of Kim while she took a bow, obviously pleased with herself.
  The audience cheered while Mandy helped Ian to release me.  
'That will teach you to stand there gawping,' Ian said, when at last he had
  me down off the dais.  
I felt like giving him a very rude answer, but neither of them had bothered
  to remove my gag, and I couldn't see properly to do it myself. I had a good
  idea what Ian had in mind, and I just let him stick his forefingers through
  my nipple rings, and lift me up. My nipples were sore, but I was just too shaken
  to protest, and I didn't mind a fucking to distract me from the pain. My pussy
  lips were raw and burning, but I was as juicy as could be. Ian pushed his cock
  smoothly up into me, and fucked me with a rhythm that soon had me squirming
  again, oblivious of the attention we were getting.  
Kim was too pleased with herself to realise her predicament until it was
  much too late. In a moment they gripped her arms firmly, lifted her effortlessly
  off the ground, and stripped her naked. At first she was too startled to protest,
  and then we were treated to the spectacular sight of her delicately curved,
  evenly tanned nudity. Her breasts were perfection itself, tipped with hard
  brown buds, each transfixed by a slender golden ring. Her neat curly bush matched
  her close cropped hair, but that was not all. When they stretched her legs
  apart, there it was, a thick golden ring embedded deep in the fleshy ridge
  of her clitoris, just like mine. I was even more interested in her obvious
  state of arousal. Her slit was dripping with juices, her vulva swollen and
  parted to reveal the glistening pinkness of her pussy. Quickly they lowered
  her to the ground, and her noisy protests were soon muffled as the gag was
  stuffed deep into her mouth and strapped tightly in place. I knew exactly how
  it felt. I had no sympathy at all, after the way she had treated me. Soon she
  was a helpless captive strapped tightly to the block. She squirmed in a desperate
  effort to keep her lovely breasts away from those awful spikes. I enjoyed the
  sight of another naked girl struggling in exactly the same position I had occupied
  just a few minutes ago, especially after the way she had treated me.  
Her vulva protruded rather temptingly. I was not the only one to notice.  
'Fuck her, you silly bastards,' someone called irreverently.  
'Go on, teach her a lesson she will remember,' someone else called. Obviously
  she had not learned that attracting attention to yourself could be dangerous
  around here.  
Having an experience like that might teach Kim something, but it would not
  cure her sadistic streak.  
It was odd to feel Ian's cock thrusting deep into my own pussy, while several
  of the others fucked Kim roughly, one by one. She did her best to distract
  them, hoping they would go easy on her afterwards. She wriggled enticingly
  and manipulated them with her inner muscles. She had underestimated her captors,
  who continued to fuck her between accurately placed strokes of the whip. The
  contractions this produced must have given them a heavenly time. I watched,
  fascinated. The whip flicked accurately, deep into the gaping pinkness of her
  pussy. I climaxed the moment I saw her convulse with pleasure. It was too much
  to watch her writhing while my own pussy was still burning after the way she
  had punished me with the same wicked-looking whip. If revenge was sweet, this
  was utter delight.  
'Go on, make sure you hurt her,' the calls came, but her suffering was not
  to end so quickly. They took care to torment every part of her body in turn.
  I watched her scream as the whip covered her breasts with a spidery tracing
  of red, returning to her inner thighs, and then the soles of her feet.  
Meanwhile Ian was still pumping steadily into me. I wondered how long he
  could keep it up. With each silky stroke of his shaft my pleasure grew inexorably
  from a deep, soothing sweetness to heady expanding waves of delight that threatened
  to submerge me. The gag muffled my gasps as Ian quickened his pace, and I gripped
  him as tightly as I could in my silky love tunnel as his warm seed spurted
  deep into me. I was shaking helplessly when he lowered me to the ground. Without
  a word, he was gone. The bastard.  
Surprisingly, there were plenty of volunteers to take Kim's place, and she
  couldn't get away from there quickly enough. After my experience with the block,
  I wondered if Wanda had designed other kinds of torture equipment specially
  for girls wearing rings like mine. Perhaps there were girls who had worn them
  for years, but the smart money went on this being something Wanda had convinced
  them all to do in the last few months! I expect Wanda is getting a nice commission
  from the piercing studio, but all this equipment must have cost millions, and
  there must surely be something more behind all of this. I cannot see Wanda
  financing something like this without high-powered support.  
I was so overwhelmed with sensation that I stood at the back of the crowd,
  my chest heaving, struggling to release my cuffs that some considerate soul
  had just locked together behind my back. That meant that I would not even be
  able to remove the gag that stuffed my mouth, much to my annoyance. I was glad
  that someone else was the focus of attention for a change.  
***** *****  
I am feeling very nervous now that we have arrived at the alcove where Wanda
  is waiting for me. I have a sinking feeling as she prepares a bondage frame
  for its next trembling victim. There is no sign of Kim. My Mistress is wearing
  a bright red rubber bikini, boots to match, and a thick black leather belt
  with leashes, whips, chains, handcuffs, dildos and all sorts of other useful
  accessories. As a Mistress she is perfection itself. It is hard to imagine
  her even pretending to be a submissive. But I know different. Deep down she
  wants to experience all of the scenarios she practices on the rest of us. Perhaps
  she tries them out during the quiet weeks between these parties, but I haven't
  figured out who she uses as a dominant. If she has a lover who has that kind
  of power over her, she keeps incredibly quiet about it.  
The large vertical bondage frame reminds me of my first meeting with Wanda,
  at the Torture Garden Club in Chicago. I had been wandering around quite innocently,
  overwhelmed by all that bondage and sex. I could hardly believe what I was
  seeing, or how it made me feel. Wanda must have noticed the way I was trembling.
  She had just appeared, attached her leash to my collar without a word, and
  pulled me to a vertical bondage frame. I was far too excited to object as she
  stretched me taut in the frame. A small crowd gathered around to watch. First
  she aroused me with her fingers. I was in heaven until she began to whip me
  with expert viciousness, between my outstretched thighs. I screamed and screamed
  but didn't take any notice. She was merciless. My lips grew like leaves, exposing
  my tender clitoris. I lost count of the orgasms I had before she let me go.
  Later I gave her my address. Since then she has invited me to a few other parties,
  but none of them were anything like this. Between parties I dream about Wanda.
  I never know what she will think of next. That makes it all the more exciting
  to be around her. Once she gets started on me I forget time, place, everything.  
She helps Derek into position in the frame. He is docile. She clips his ankles
  wide apart to the base, then she stretches long cords to his wrists before
  unfastening his cuffs. She turns a large handle, and winches his arms upward.
  He is stretched taut in the frame. He has an incredible erection. Wanda takes
  a wand tipped with feathers, and teases him between his legs. I can see drops
  of clear juice on the tip of his cock. She knows exactly how to torment him
  with light touches around the base of his cock, and then she caresses his inner
  thighs on either side of his ball sack.  
Wanda beckons me closer and helpfully removes my gag. She attaches it to
  my belt. Derek's cock is dripping clear liquid juice onto the floor. It is
  rigid. I cannot help myself. I move closer until I can take it into my mouth,
  and I tickle it with darting movements of my tongue. He struggles, but he cannot
  escape. Meanwhile Wanda is tickling the soles of his feet with her feathery
  rod. He gasps as she caresses him all the way up the back of his legs to the
  firm cheeks of his bottom. I suck him slowly, rhythmically. It is awkward with
  my wrists bound behind my back. Wanda knows when he is about to come. She begins
  to cane his bottom. Suddenly his sticky seed spurts deep into my mouth. I have
  to swallow twice before he has finished.  
Amazingly his cock is still stiffly erect. I lave it carefully with my tongue.
  Wanda smiles at me. Another climax will probably exhaust him. I am patient
  until he spurts a little liquid into my mouth.  
Wanda produces a tiny key. She must have taken it from Ian. When she has
  freed my wrists she takes my hand and smiles. We leave our captive, ignoring
  his protests. Other guests are waiting to take their turn with him. Wanda smiles
  quietly as she leads me further down the hall. Nobody is paying any attention
  to us. I wonder what she has in mind for me, this time.  
A small crowd of girls is gathered around a raised platform. A struggling
  girl is tied tightly to a ladder-like frame. Her leather-clad male attendant
  is busily sorting through a collection of piercing tools and body jewellery.
  The captive already has piercings rather like mine, in her nipples and the
  prominent ridge of her clitoris hood. I have an ominous feeling about this.  
'What's going on, Wanda?' I ask.  
'You will soon see,' she answers. 'Those rings are very special. They are
  like the rings real slaves used to wear, but they are made from a special new
  material. They are incredibly strong, seamlessly welded. Now that your piercings
  are well established they are just what you need. A slave should not be able
  to remove her rings whenever she feels like it.'  
The attendant removes the girl's slender ball-closure rings from her piercings,
  one by one. The new rings are thicker. He inserts them carefully, using a heavyweight
  circlip pliar to hold them open, and then he seals them with a small welding
  iron. I wonder if she can feel the heat, but obviously he knows exactly what
  he is doing. When he unfastens the girl, she fingers her new rings hesitantly.
  I notice that she is flushed with excitement.  
'You can do Stephanie next, Gilbert,' Wanda tells him.  
She pushes me forward before I can think of an excuse. Her tone allows no
  argument. I let her lift my wrists. Gilbert's grip is like a pair of steel
  clamps. He lifts me effortlessly onto the platform. It is too late to get out
  of this. He secures me so tightly that I can barely move. It is tempting to
  struggle. I had better not move while he is anywhere near my tenderest parts
  with that welding iron.  
Gilbert unscrews the ball closures from my nipple rings. My lower ring will
  not be so easy. I am so slippery down there that he will have a job finding
  my piercing, once he has removed my ring. Now he has sealed my nipple rings
  and he is busy at the piercing between my legs. My new nipple rings are a little
  heavier than my previous rings, but I like the way they feel. I gasp as a momentary
  warmth tells me that he has finished with my pussy ring. He is a very quick
  worker. When he loosens my straps, I feel so weak at the knees that I can hardly
  stand. My new pussy ring moves distractingly even when I stand still. Gilbert
  lowers me to join Wanda below the platform. It is outrageous, but this is just
  like Wanda. If she had her way, the entire female population of Los Angeles
  would be wearing slave rings like this, but I cannot imagine her volunteering
  to wear them too. Mistresses like her have their own set of rules!  
Gilbert straps another girl to the ladder-frame. Wanda is standing behind
  me, stroking my neck. I shiver with pleasure as her fingers run excitingly
  down my arms and close gently around my wrists. I don't care what she does
  to me, as long as it feels as intoxicating as this. I watch Gilbert working
  on the new girl. Wanda is moving my hands a little closer. I know exactly what
  she is up to, but she is trying to keep me guessing. Gilbert is kneeling between
  the girl's legs. She is trembling. I am too involved to resist as Wanda presses
  my wrists quickly together. I feel the click as my cuffs lock together. It
  is just the kind of neat trick I expect from Wanda. She knows exactly how to
  fool me. I pull at my wrists as if I am desperate, but they don't give a millimetre.
  I am pleased. After all, that is why I am wearing this outfit with all its
  attachments. I wonder what Wanda will do with me now that I am her prisoner.
  The girl on the platform is enjoying a marvellous orgasm. I smile at her.  
Wanda is like a child who has just been given a new toy. I am the toy. She
  turns me round to face her, and before I can protest she puts her finger through
  my pussy ring and jerks it roughly. I move forward without thinking. Much to
  my surprise, the experience is virtually painless. The ring feels comfortable,
  like a part of me. Wanda smiles. She is pleased with my reaction.  
I look around at the girls who are eagerly queuing up to have their rings
  replaced. They are quite oblivious to everything else, and I don't think any
  of them noticed what Wanda just did to me. Even if they had, I doubt if they
  would have realised what it meant. I smile hesitantly at Wanda. She knows I
  will not say anything to the others - at least, while I am at her mercy..  
'Well, Stephanie, let's get busy. I have something else to show you.'  
With that she produces a slender chain. It has a wooden handle like a toggle
  at one end, and a shackle at the other. She snaps the shackle to my pussy ring
  with a loud click. I know what is coming next, but the exquisite sensation
  of her first hard jerk makes me feel light-headed. I stumble after her as every
  tug brings a frisson of pleasure. Even the lightest brush of the chain between
  my legs excites me. I had never imagined that anything could feel like this.
  I am too distracted to notice where she is taking me.  
There is a paper sign over an entrance just below the lowest balcony. It
  says 'The Wall'. This is not something I have tried before. I am sure of that.  
'Come on, Stephanie. It is in here.'  
I hesitate for a moment in the doorway. She looks back with that gleam in
  her eye again. I know she is up to something.  
'Yeeowwww!'  
A sharp jerk at my pussy ring reminds me that she is in charge. She will
  not let me forget that she is my Mistress. It is the first time she has used
  real pain to control me like that. I feel like jumping in the air. It is awful
  that I can't protect that tender place between my legs. I hurt terribly.  
'It's not all that bad, Stephanie,' she says quietly in my ear. 'You will
  soon get used to it. Just follow me closely, and I won't need to do it again.'  
After that I follow her so closely that we are constantly touching. It is
  exciting to be so close to another girl. Her skin feels wonderfully smooth
  and sensual. Her scent is intoxicating. I wonder why it has never occurred
  to me before to make love to a girl. They are so perfectly made for erotic
  play, and there is that unique delicacy of touch. I brush my ringed nipples
  delicately against Wanda's back and her arm, the one holding the leash. I want
  her to feel that I am her obedient slave, and I want all the people watching
  us in here to know it too.  
People are drifting along with us. Where Wanda goes, something interesting
  is bound to happen. They follow us into the room, but keep well back while
  Wanda tugs me close to The Wall. I can see a few oddly positioned hooks, bars
  and other projections, but I can't work out what they are for. I begin to feel
  weak at the knees again, for some inexplicable reason.  
'Here, let me help you.'  
Wanda makes me stand on two thick cubes of wood. I am facing the wall, my
  legs a little apart. Her hand reaches under my bottom. She lifts me a little.
  My pussy ring is caught on a hook that projects from the wall. It is rather
  too high for comfort. I will never get off it on my own.  
She pulls my nipple rings upwards. My breasts stretch into cones as she hooks
  them onto another set of perfectly positioned hooks. If I will slip those rings
  will rip right out of me. I try to keep still, but she is merciless. I feel
  the soft touch of her fingers caressing me. She strokes me gently upmy back,
  between my legs, down my arms and behind my knees until I am tingling all over.  
I feel awkward when she unclips my wrists. One by one she lifts the rings
  on my wrist cuffs up, out to the side, and over the hooked ends of long bars
  that project far out from the wall. I am arched so far back that my nipples
  are stretched even tighter. I feel even more precarious when she lifts one
  of my ankles out and up and hooks it to the end of another long bar. I am standing
  on one leg, struggling not to slip off the last remaining wooden block. A moment
  later my other ankle is pulled painfully outward. I am doing the splits, a
  helpless captive of the wall. My flesh is stretched taut by the ring embedded
  in my clitoris ridge. I know Wanda would not stretch me out like this just
  to look at me. I look imploringly at her.  
'Don't worry, Stephanie, you are quite safe. Nothing can possibly tear you
  loose.'  
Sure enough, I feel her fingers running over my body. She caresses me again.
  I am as taut as a violin string. My body responds unbidden. I cannot resist
  her relentless, maddeningly exciting touch. I squirm helplessly, in a futile
  struggle to evade her persistent teasing, but the more I move the closer I
  am to a climax. I am on the brink of an explosion when she steps back suddenly,
  without warning. I know what is coming. There is nothing I can do. My bottom
  is already hurting from the whipping I had earlier. I hear the swish of a cane.
  The sound is familiar. I know exactly what I am going to feel when the whip
  finds its target, which is surely my tautly stretched bottom cheeks. I wish
  she had allowed me a gag.  
'Aaaaah! No, don't, Wanda please!'  
'Hush, Stephanie, Hush!'  
Fire sears my tautly stretched bottom. Wanda ignores the instant explosion
  of pleasure. Her strokes continue at breathtaking intervals. In between, the
  onlookers are allowed to feel the heat of my bottom cheeks, and even to explore
  my tautly stretched nipples and pussy flesh. I squirm, gasping as my body explodes
  in one climax after another. The pleasure is unbearable. I cannot help pulling
  violently at my rings. I cannot get out of this impossible cycle of pleasure
  and pain.  
'Ooooh! No, Wanda, not that!'  
I feel the caress of the whip. She brings its tip gently up between my thighs
  to touch the slippery division of my pussy lips. I know it is futile to struggle,
  but I can't help myself. What is going to follow will certainly not be gentle,
  if I know Wanda. It is just like her to make me anticipate the pain like this.
  I turn my head and look at her. She has that wicked gleam in her eye.  
'Yeeowww!'  
I scream loudly when the whip snaps viciously into my crotch. She finds the
  exact place where she touched me so gently just moments before. My pussy is
  on fire with pain, but the heat brings another uncontrollable climax. I am
  scarcely aware of the applause Wanda is getting from the audience. By the time
  I have received three more strokes my pussy is numb with pain. I am just a
  pretty, helpless target for her whip. At first I am relieved when she changes
  her aiming point to my breasts, but soon I realise that it is worse. I feel
  as if my ordeal has lasted for days, and I don't even realise that she has
  finished when she comes close and caresses me gently again.  
'How was that, love?'  
I am speechless. Her fingers stray knowingly into the raw entrance of my
  pussy. My relief is so intense that I convulse again the moment she touches
  my clitoris. I know it is swollen and incredibly sensitive after the whipping.
  I try to relax, but I know that I cannot stop her bringing me to a climax.
  The slightest touch would set me off. Every movement brings more exquisite
  tugs at my nipples and pussy ring. It is simply unbearable. I am terrified
  that those rings will tear right out of me. When my explosion comes I scream
  again and again until I am completely exhausted.  
When Wanda finally releases me I can hardly believe that the rings have done
  no damage after all my violent struggling. I am not comforted by the thought.
  It opens up far too many tempting possibilities to someone like Wanda. I just
  stand there, shaking uncontrollably. The tears pour down my cheeks. Wanda gives
  me a big hug, and I kiss her deeply. The onlookers are all applauding loudly.  
'You are a brave girl, Stephanie,' she tells me. 'That was quite a performance.'  
'I don't know if I can take much more treatment like that,' I tell her honestly.
  'It was marvellously exciting, but it was just too intense. I was sure my rings
  would tear right out of me.'  
'Don't worry,' she answers with a smile. 'They can take a lot worse punishment
  than that. You will see, all in good time.'  
That sounds much too ominous for comfort. I shiver with excitement while
  she runs her fingertips lightly down my arms. Suddenly she is holding my wrists
  gently but firmly. When she brings them down to my sides I know exactly what
  she means to do. My cuffs click into place. I pull gently, but my wrists are
  imprisoned on either side of my waist. Now I cannot touch her, or even myself.
  Curiously it is the fact that my rings are out of my reach that affects me
  most deeply, especially when she reaches under me and caresses my tingling
  pussy lips with her fingers.  
'You are just so delicious, Stephanie. I think I am in love with you.'  
I am too excited to think of evasion. Quickly she snaps her leash to my ring.
  I am happy to be her slave again. My breasts quiver as I stand trembling in
  front of her. My nipple rings swing lazily. I look deeply into her eyes. I
  don't fully understand what I see. I am more excited than I can remember. She
  is anxious to get me away from here before someone in the crowd has other ideas.  
I am distracted, and when she gives me a sharp tug I am surprised. I stumble
  as she heaves my body into motion, but I quickly find my balance and follow
  her obediently. I must take care to avoid any more silly mistakes like that.  
She leads me into the hall. Mandy is coming towards us. She smiles at me,
  turning to show me a very impressive set of whip marks across her bottom. Her
  breasts look as though they have received a similar kind of attention. I know
  exactly how it feels to have my breasts whipped. I am surprised to find her
  so cheerful after a painful treatment like that. I am surprised that she is
  being allowed to walk around with her hands quite free.  
'Hi, Stephanie! What have you been up to? Ian and Kim gave me a great time
  on one of those dildo posts. I had no idea how much fun it could be. Do you
  like my stripes?'  
I would love to feel her bottom. It must be scorching. With my wrists cuffed
  behind me like this I can't get my hands close enough. Wanda seems fascinated
  by the chain joining Mandy's nipples.  
'Hi, Mandy! You are making me jealous. Wanda has just shown me what it is
  like on The Wall. I don't recommend it, though. Have you seen what Gilbert
  is doing over there? He has real slave rings, and they are incredible.'  
While we are talking Wanda gives Mandy 's chain a little tug. I cannot help
  laughing. Her large pink nipples stretch, and her breasts nod towards each
  other. It is so funny that Wanda does it again. Soon we are all in fits of
  laughter.  
'Let me feel yours, Stephanie. They look super.'  
'Of course, Mandy, go ahead.'  
Mandy feels my nipple rings, and then she reaches between my legs. I cannot
  help squirming a little when her playful attentions awaken my clitoris again.
  With my hands cuffed out of the way, and Wanda holding me still with her leash,
  I could not object even if I wanted to, but for once she is being pleasantly
  gentle. Her fingers curl upwards and wiggle to tease their way into my slippery
  vulva. I clench my muscles to tell her that I know what she is playing at.
  She smiles innocently, while her forefinger rubs the slippery smooth tip of
  my cervix. She knows I hate it when she does that. I am incredibly tender just
  there. Fortunately I am so slippery just now that I don't mind it at all. She
  leans close to my ear.  
'Shall I tell you a secret? I have a ring inside me, just there. Nobody knows,
  except you.'  
I am stunned. A ring through the head of her cervix! Now I realise why Mandy
  has not wanted to be pierced through her clitoral ridge. But Wanda overheard
  her telling me.  
'My dear, let me see! Oh! How marvellous! You could have a little chain there!
  You darling!' Wanda is completely off her head now, exploring busily deep in
  Mandy's pussy. She finds a small chain attached to her belt and inserts it
  carefully, clipping it to Mandy's mysterious ring.  
'Come on, I'll take you to Gilbert. He will love this.'  
Cheerfully Wanda leads us both towards the platform, where Gilbert is just
  as busy as he was before. One the way we pass Ian. He is walking hand in hand
  with Kim. I admire Kim's rings. It is incredible to see circles of thick gold
  possessing those firm brown nipples. She is walking a little awkwardly. I am
  not surprised. The stout looking thick, burnished gold ring in her clitoris
  ridge bobs up and down with every step. She is obviously not used to it. I
  would like to see Kim punished on the Wall. I wonder if she would take the
  kind of treatment Wanda has just given me without screaming her head off!  
Wanda nods at Ian, as if to tell him something. He grins knowingly. I wonder
  what that is all about. I think Wanda has something planned for Kim. If I have
  anything to do with it, it will be something very painful. She may be a bitch,
  but I have to admit that she is absolutely stunning. Ian seems to be leading
  her towards a stand where someone is whipping a hogtied girl with a nasty-looking
  multi-stranded whip that looks suspiciously like a cat. I hope Kim will be
  the next to feel it across her wicked bottom.  
'Mandy, I am going to take Stephanie up to Julian, and I will be back for
  you in a few minutes. Just wait for me after Gilbert has finished with you,
  will you darling? I have a surprise for both of you.'  
'OK, Wanda,' she answers brightly. 'See you later!'  
Wanda watches Gilbert finish with the girl he is working on. He comes down
  off the platform, takes the end of Mandy's pussy chain from Wanda, and then
  his inquisitive fingers follow the slender chain to where it disappears right
  inside her. He is obviously quite taken with her unusually placed ring, and
  he also seems to enjoy the chain that joins her lovely nipples. I watch him
  lead her close to the platform. He fastens her pussy chain to a heavy ring
  bolt on the edge of the platform, and binds her wrists behind her. She grins
  at me as Wanda leads me away. I would have loved to watch him deal with her,
  but she has other priorities. I wonder if he will change that special ring
  right inside her.  
At the end of the hall we come to a row of doors. One is marked: 'Bondage
  Room'. A great staircase sweeps elegantly up to the accommodation above the
  hall. Below there are doors marked 'Pillory' and 'Rack', 'Suspension' and 'Tank'.
  A thick oaken door is simply marked 'Private'. I wonder what exotic activity
  is hidden behind it. It has a security lock. Wanda enters a sequence of figures
  to open it. That explains why she will have to return for Mandy. Obviously
  this is not a place open to ordinary guests. Behind the door a short corridor
  leads to a steel-reinforced door. Wanda speaks into an entry phone and the
  door clicks open. She tugs me forward up a staircase. I tremble with excitement.
  What can possibly exceed what is going on out in the hall?  
There is no door at the top. We are in a long, narrow corridor, like an art
  gallery. It curves to the left. On that side there are several windows in deep
  recesses. It looks as if they are all empty. Until we get closer I will just
  have to contain my curiosity.  
A man comes forward to welcome us. He is attractively muscular. He has a
  black leather cache-sexe, with a matching set of gold studded leather belt,
  collar and wristlets. They must have cost a fortune. He has all sorts of items
  attached to his belt. While I admire him, Wanda unclips her leash from my ring.
  I wonder what is going on. My wrist cuffs are still locked to my waist belt.  
'Hi, Wanda!' The hunk greets her with a friendly kiss. 'Who is this?'  
'Hello Julian, this is Stephanie. What do you think of her?'  
Julian has obviously done this before. I stand obediently while he checks
  me out. He squeezes my breasts, pats my bottom, runs his hands down my thighs,
  and then feels quickly between my legs. I wait for his verdict. It is not quite
  what I am expecting.  
'Very choice, Wanda. I think she will go down a treat.'  
'By the way, Julian, A girl called Mandy is with Gilbert. She will be ready
  in a few minutes. Will you take her straight into the Ring? I will be down
  as soon as Stephanie is ready. Tell her I won't be long.'  
When Julian goes we are alone. I am curious to see what is happening out
  those windows. Obviously this is some sort of viewing gallery overlooking an
  arena down below. I am curious to know why Wanda called it the Ring. Wanda
  puts her arm around my shoulder, and we step right in to the middle alcove.  
'This one gives the best view. What do you think?'  
I approach the window. There is a thick, padded bar just below waist-height.
  It is comfortable to lean on. Below, through the window, all I can see is a
  stone floor with a few odd-looking posts dotted around. Judging by the ropes
  I can see attached to some of the posts, they are used for some kind of bondage
  game. This is getting more exciting by the minute.  
Wanda caresses my bottom. I stand with my legs a little apart. I feel wonderfully
  relaxed already. She begins to caress me gently between my legs with her fingers.
  Suddenly there is a firm tug at my pussy ring. I look down over the padded
  bar. A leather thong stretches from my seamless pussy ring to a thick horizontal
  steel bar, that crosses the floor length window below the padded bar. The thong
  disappears through a smoothly rounded hole in the middle of the rigid steel
  bar.  
I don't think I can release myself even if she releases my hands. If I fight
  the tension, it yields a little, but the moment I stop it reels me in so tightly
  that I can barely move. There is obviously some kind of mechanism hidden in
  the bar. I am enjoying myself. There is only one thing better than a good fuck,
  and that is a delightful surprise like this.  
'Oooooh, Wanda! This is super,' I tell her brightly.  
'I'm glad you like it. Here, let me make you more comfortable!'  
There is not a lot I can do except cooperate, as she pulls each of my ankles
  to the side and attaches my cuff-rings to shackles wide apart, on either side
  of the alcove. My pussy lips are stretched open. My moist inner lips are exposed
  to the coolness of the air.  
Two golden chains with beautifully worked links hang from a slender bar that
  crosses the window. They look much too short to reach my nipple rings, which
  is a pity. I am sure they would feel sensational. Wanda plays with my nipples
  until I think they are going to explode. She pulls one of my nipple rings upwards
  until my breast is stretched into a taut cone. I am surprised to discover that
  the chain is now just long enough. I wriggle as she clips the chain deftly
  to my nipple ring. Now my breast is stretched upwards by the chain. A moment
  later my other breast is also impossibly stretched. I am flushed with excitement.
  Nothing like this has ever happened to me before. Wanda kisses me again, as
  if she is pleased with my obedience. I am not yet sure what all this means,
  but it is super fun.  
One by one she releases my wrists. I pretend to resist as she clips my cuffs
  to rings set wide apart in the wall on either side of the window. When she
  has finished she takes the gag from my belt and forces the soft rubber ball
  into my mouth. I feel the straps tighten around my neck. I am silenced. My
  heartbeat quickens. Suddenly I have a lot of questions to ask. I look imploringly
  at Wanda. She grins as if to say, tough!  
I have an excellent view of the arena. Stone walls about twelve feet high
  surround a circular open space, where there are tall posts fitted with ropes,
  shorter posts with smooth round tops, horizontal bars and frames. Heavy rings
  are set into the floor by each piece of apparatus. Outside the central area,
  passages lead to a smaller enclosure, which holds a number of giant lizard-like
  beasts. Fortunately their enclosure has a very strong looking, and heavily
  barred gate.  
I feel a gentle, insistent vibration from the thong. It is doing indescribable
  things to my clitoris. However I move it carries on relentlessly. I feel like
  a finely tuned violin being played by an expert musician. At any moment I will
  explode with sensation. The more I fight it, the more intense it becomes.  
A door opens below. Mandy enters the arena and wanders around curiously.
  She even looks up at me. In my present condition she can be forgiven for not
  recognising me. The new rings in her nipples are larger than mine and look
  very pretty indeed, but there is no sign of a new ring between her legs.  
I hear a noise behind us, and turn my head. Julian has returned. He watches
  approvingly as Wanda begins to caress me again. I tingle all over. Wanda caresses
  the tips of my elongated nipples by circling them with her fingernails. I can
  hardly contain myself. I am sure my nipples will burst, if she carries on like
  this.  
'That young woman is ready for you in the Ring, Wanda,' Julian tells her.  
'OK, we had better not leave her alone too long,' she answers. 'I will leave
  my outfit up here.'  
Julian is obviously enjoying a few private thoughts as Wanda removes her
  bright red bikini. I can imagine what they are. I strain my head around to
  watch as she reveals the secrets she was so shy to reveal to the other guests.
  She has a generously curved figure, with lovely rounded breasts. A thick pelt
  of natural flaxen hair conceals a delightfully neat slit, with prettily plump
  lips. From this awkward angle I cannot tell if there is a ring hidden somewhere
  down there. Her pert bottom is as tempting as her long shapely legs, and her
  clear blue eyes. Her bright, red-tipped nipples are obviously well perforated,
  and studded with expensive looking jewels, but I am surprised to see that she
  is not wearing any rings.  
She whispers quietly in my ear.  
'Be still, Stephanie. Don't worry, you are not going to miss anything. Just
  watch carefully!'  
Wearing only her boots she strides to the door and disappears down the stairs.
  Moments later she emerges to join Mandy in the arena. She whispers something
  to Mandy and they both start laughing, waving up at me. I am not exactly in
  a position to respond, but I wriggle anyway.  
Julian is behind me. The gentle vibration at my clitoris has brought me to
  a breathless quivering. My pussy is dripping wet. I want him to fuck me, but
  he has other ideas, or perhaps even orders. I hear a swish. Pain streaks across
  the tender underside of my bottom cheeks. The cane burns deep. I wriggle helplessly.
  The pain is excruciating, overwhelming the sensations of pleasure that had
  begun to course through me.  
Wanda begins to chase Mandy playfully around the circular arena. Mandy is
  quick. She even has time to do handstands and cartwheels. I catch exciting
  glimpses of her prettily shaven slit, before she escapes just ahead of Wanda.
  But Wanda is gaining. It seems inevitable that she will soon catch up with
  Mandy, who is doing her best to be elusive. From time to time she grins up
  at me, and I know they are putting on a show for my benefit. It looks like
  innocent fun. The closer Wanda gets to Mandy the more excited they get. I am
  beginning to wonder what Wanda will do after she catches her. When Wanda herself
  turns a cartwheel I notice a hint of gold between her legs. With her legs wide
  apart, I can see a thick gold barbell through the ridge of her clitoris, exactly
  where I have my own piercing. So that is her secret, I reflect as I watch their
  playful game. I cannot imagine why she is so reticent about displaying the
  rings that obviously excite her so much.  
Julian continues with casual, well-spaced strokes of the cane. I forget that
  my legs are parted, until he flicks it accurately up into my vulva. My screams
  are muffled by the ball gag that distends my mouth. So this is why Wanda gagged
  me! He does it again and again, with a methodical indifference. I contort with
  pain, but the heat brings rushes of pleasure. I know there is nothing I can
  do to make him stop. Oh no! I feel myself coming! Ah! I tear wildly at the
  chains as explosions of pleasure convulse me, but that only makes it worse.
  My nipples hurt dreadfully. The slightest touch from Julian will set me off
  again. But for the moment he is showing no inclination to attend to me any
  further.  
In my distraction I have paid no attention to what is happening in the arena
  down below. When I recover my breath I see that Wanda has caught up with Mandy,
  who is leaning against one of the posts, obviously exhausted. She makes little
  effort to resist when Wanda crosses her wrists behind her back and ties them
  together tightly with a rope. Mandy loves to be tied. We have often played
  Wanda's games together. I am a little jealous, wondering what novel form of
  excitement Wanda has dreamed up this time. Mandy's fingers twitch as she tests
  her bonds. She soon discovers that the rope from her wrists has been passed
  around the post. She tugs it tentatively at first, then more violently. I smile
  at her futile efforts. Wanda is no novice at this kind of thing. Mandy is not
  going anywhere. Her ringed nipples are standing up prettily. I see the wetness
  in her slit. This is as exciting for me as for her.  
'Damn it, Wanda, let me go!' she demands unconvincingly. Wanda just grins,
  as she plays with her lovely prisoner. She looks very pleased with herself.  
'Oooooh! Aaaaah!' I hear from Mandy as she is teased mercilessly by her captor,
  who knows exactly how to excite a naked girl.  
I feel the tingling sweetness grow again between my own legs. Wanda looks
  up at me with a conspiratorial smile. She is busy preparing a rope that emerges
  from a hole in the front of the post above Mandy's head. It looks like a noose.
  She drops it quickly over Mandy's neck, tugs until it is firmly in place then
  pulls it tight from behind the post. The rope pulls Mandy upright, and then
  up onto her toes. The more she struggles, the tighter it gets. Her protests
  are quickly silenced. Wanda fastens the rope to a ring behind the post. She
  explores Mandy's dripping slit with knowing fingers, and teases her ringed
  nipples until she is wriggling with pleasure. I am fascinated. This does not
  look like any bondage game I have seen before. No wonder she keeps this scene
  locked away from the other guests.  
Wanda leaves her captive through a small side door that I had not noticed
  before. Outside the animal enclosure, she presses a lever to open the gate,
  and disappears inside. I watch, fascinated as she emerges leading one of the
  beasts. Now I can see it better. It is obviously very friendly with Wanda,
  judging from the way it is slobbering all over her. It is probably fifteen
  feet long, including the tail, and it stands about eight feet high. It is a
  very ugly beast, with large warty lumps all over its hide. I am fascinated
  by its jaws and its big, baleful eyes. In ancient times they might have called
  it a dragon. The head is something like a cross between a very ugly horse and
  a crocodile, with teeth the length of Wanda's fingers. They look very sharp
  indeed. I wonder what those creatures eat. I have a peculiar feeling in my
  stomach. Wanda leads the beast into the arena, and attaches its chain to a
  heavy ring bolt in the floor, right by the helpless girl.  
'Try not to wiggle too much, Mandy darling,' Wanda says while her wicked
  fingers are busy testing Mandy's wetness. 'It gives Bootsie indigestion.' With
  that she retreats to a safer distance.  
I am open-mouthed, as the beast slurps all over the tethered girl. Mandy
  is as helpless as a girl can be. It seems that Bootsie likes the taste of Girl.
  I can guess what is going to happen next. He looks hungry. I have a horrible
  feeling that this is the last I am going to see of Mandy. The tears run down
  my cheeks. His jaws close over a delectable breast. He munches contentedly.
  I watch in horrified fascination, scarcely believing that Wanda could let him
  do such a terrible thing to a girl.  
Wanda reappears behind me while I am transfixed by the spectacle below. Bootsie
  is amazingly dexterous with his giant claws. Easily, effortlessly he has just
  twisted off one of her legs and tossed it to the ground. Tears are running
  down my friend's cheeks, I watch in horror as Mandy's other leg and her arms
  join the grisly pile. Now he is noisily chewing on one of her lovely legs.
  It is a rather messy scene. My stomach revolts. Wanda has arranged herself
  comfortably on a bench, with her head facing up between my legs. She strokes
  the soft juicy flesh of my slit with a delicious sensitivity. I realise with
  a shock that her fingers are wet with Mandy's juices. It seems like a betrayal
  to be caressed with my friend's juices while I watch her being dismembered
  and eaten. Wanda's fingers slip into my wet vulva. She teases my clitoris with
  her tongue. I dare not admit how much I am excited by the horrible scene below.
  I close my eyes for a long heady moment, overwhelmed by my excitement and Wanda's
  expert caresses.  
'So, my lovely prisoner, are you enjoying yourself?' she asks as she pauses
  for a moment. 'It's exciting, isn't it!' Gagged, I am in no position to reply.
  Perhaps that is just as well. I wriggle as she chatters on. I try not to think
  of the casual way Bootsie chewed off Mandy's breasts, while the poor girl looked
  down with horror. I think she fainted after that. I was rather distracted at
  the time. Now he has almost finished with Mandy. I remember the fun we had
  together. Now the only reminder of her beauty is a pair of golden rings discarded
  in a pool of blood, and a heap of well chewed bones.  
'Girls usually find it exciting to watch,' Wanda confides. 'It is so much
  easier for us when it turns them on. Sometimes one of the girls asks me to
  rope her to one of those posts down there, just to see what it feels like.'  
Between sentences, her tongue is doing indescribable things to my throbbing
  clitoris, while her hands hold my buttocks tightly. Those wicked chains are
  stretching my nipples painfully, but I know there is no way they will tear
  loose. All the same, the tiniest movement is unbearably distracting as Wanda
  brings my helplessly tingling body to another climax.  
'It is so much easier to get a girl ready, if she thinks it is all just an
  exciting game. They never believe it is going to happen to them, until it is
  much too late to make any difference. They are so trusting, sometimes I feel
  almost guilty about fooling them like that.'  
Wanda's tongue is busy again between my legs. She pulls me back until the
  thong is stretched taut to my pussy ring. My clitoris explodes with sensation.
  It is infuriating to be so helpless while she teases me like this. It is impossible
  to concentrate on what she is saying.  
'But a beautifully ringed girl like you is never any problem to handle, darling.
  Julian will just ....' She hesitates for a moment. 'Let's leave it as a surprise.
  It will be more exciting that way.'  
My heart thumps madly. I have an awful premonition. This has all gotten terribly
  out of control. With my mouth stuffed with rubber it doesn't matter how persuasive
  I am, and suddenly I realise why she has done it. She has probably convinced
  herself that I am actually enjoying all this, and I am horribly aware that
  she is right. I am terribly excited, in spite of myself. Her persistent, teasing
  tongue is having its inevitable effect. My orgasm comes in a violent series
  of exhausting convulsions. Wanda grips my heaving hips while her tongue continues
  to tease my spasming clitoris. She is devilishly skilful. I explode again,
  overwhelmed with pleasure. This is impossible. I know there is no way I am
  going to get out of this.  
'Well, dear, I must leave you for a while. We are always so busy at feeding
  times. Julian will take care of you while I am gone.'  
Her fingers give my pussy a parting caress. I am glowing with pleasure. My
  body is responding as if I want her to do it again. I cannot help it. What
  I really want is a good fucking, but punishment seems to be more Julian's style.
  I wonder if he is gay. That would be a waste of a beautiful body. I expect
  I am out of luck. I wriggle in my bonds after I am left alone. Julian is nowhere
  to be seen.  
Down below two attendants are busy replacing the messy, half-chewed ropes
  on the post with new ones, while others remove Mandy's bones. One of them must
  have taken Bootsie back to the enclosure while I was distracted by Wanda's
  caresses. After a powerful hose has cleaned the floor, there is no sign of
  the horror that has just taken place down there. I wonder if it was all in
  my imagination.  
To my surprise Julian has returned with Wanda. He is laughing, and I can
  see why. He has taken her to Gilbert, and now she is wearing a perfect set
  of beautifully welded slave rings, just like mine. I can tell by her face that
  it was not exactly her own idea. She is also wearing a pair of thick leather
  cuffs, and her boots have been replaced with ankle cuffs. She looks no different
  from any of the other luscious slaves at the party. That thought rather pleases
  me.  
'But Julian, we were supposed to fetch Sandra from Gilbert. Look what you
  made him do to me!'  
I wish I could tell Wanda how much I am enjoying her discomfiture.  
'My dear, you look stunning. I know you have always wanted someone to do
  that for you. After all, I know you have been ready for it for months, and
  don't worry, Sandra is already down there.'  
Down below the unfortunate Sandra has appeared in the arena, escorted by
  the two attendants who prepared the ropes earlier. One of them encourages her
  with accurate flicks of his cane across her bare bottom. He manoeuvres her
  towards one of the posts. When she turns to face the gallery with her back
  to the post I notice that the bar that previously linked her nipples is gone.
  She has evidently made a visit to Gilbert, and now she is also wearing rings
  exactly like Wanda's and mine. One of the attendants has gone to fetch another
  beast from the enclosure. My heart is pounding. It is going to happen all over
  again. I wonder how many girls those beast 'process' every day. There are a
  lot of them to feed. I tremble at the thought of being in Sandra's place while
  the cheerful attendants secure her wrists, and noose her to the post.  
In the window next to mine, Julian is standing right behind Wanda as they
  watch the scene below. He strokes her arms just as she stroked mine earlier
  in the evening, but Wanda is not taking him seriously. Quickly he lifts her
  wrist cuffs, and before she realises what he is doing he has hooked them to
  the wall rings on either side.  
'Julian! Let me go! Do you hear! Don't you dare treat me like this!'  
All this is music to my ears. He evades her desperately kicking feet, and
  grabs her ankles one by one to secure them to the wall, wide apart. After that
  he forces a large ball gag into her mouth. He tightens the straps around her
  neck, and secures the straps with a small padlock. Now her indignant protests
  are silenced. He stretches her nipples upwards and hooks her rings onto the
  chains dangling from above the window. I know exactly what he is doing between
  her legs, stretching the thong to attach it to her clitoris ring. She is squirming
  wildly. I am thoroughly enjoying myself now, except for the sight of poor Sandra
  down below. She has just seen the dreadful beast that has been released in
  the arena, and her eyes are popping out of her head with fright, but the rope
  is so tight round her neck that she can hardly breathe, let alone protest.
  The Ring is silent apart from the shuffling movements and noisy breath of the
  beast.  
In spite of Wanda's gag I can hear her moan as Julian's whip lashes her tender
  bottom with merciless severity. I turn my head to watch. It is a mistake. A
  moment later he repays my curiosity with a vicious snap of his whip, right
  into the tender flesh of my own pussy. It is awful. I learn my lesson. After
  that I can only hear the swish and crack of her punishment, but I am sure that
  he is not forgetting her tender pussy flesh, or her lovely breasts. I cannot
  help being fascinated by Sandra's gory dismemberment in the arena, but I expect
  Wanda is drinking in every minute of it, knowing her. Those beasts are certainly
  efficient. I am amazed by the way they strip a girl's torso of flesh with their
  long, obviously razor-sharp tongues. It would not surprise me if they were
  genetically engineered specially for the job.  
It does surprise me when Julian releases Wanda. By then Sandra's ordeal is
  thankfully over. Wanda cannot keep still. First she rubs her bottom, and then
  she tries to unfasten her gag. Julian smiles at her.  
'So now you know how it feels. You make a beautiful slave, young Mistress,
  but for now I think I will let you keep that gag.'  
Wanda absently rotates the perfectly welded ring in her left nipple, glaring
  fiercely at him. There is nothing she can do about it, and I am certainly not
  in any position to help. The wetness glistens in her slit. She is hot for something,
  and I can't wait to see what it is.  
'Why don't you go help clear up after Sandra, while I attend to Stephanie.
  We won't be long.'  
Wanda gives me a peculiar look, and shakes her head. Something is bothering
  her, but I can't work out what it is. Julian is amused by her reluctance.  
'Now don't be silly,' he says, playfully flicking his whip up into her pussy.
  She makes a muffled noise through the gag. His next flick curls neatly round
  her right nipple ring and tugs at it painfully. Her hands go up instinctively
  as the whip cuts viciously into her pussy with a loud 'Sssssshpt!' She tries
  to run but Julian flicks the whip expertly up into her pussy from behind. She
  runs awkwardly for the stairs, as the unaccustomed weight of her pussy ring
  tugs between her legs. Her whole body is striped from head to foot, and I can
  imagine the way her pussy feels after those vicious cuts.  
I watch her emerge into the arena. She begins to clear up he remains of the
  last beast's meal. He was a very messy eater. She tosses the bones into a large
  hole in the ground behind one of the posts, and gets busy with the hose. Soon
  there is no trace of the unfortunate Sandra. She looks up with an apologetic
  shrug, as if she is sorry to keep me waiting. Behind her the ropes on Sandra's
  post have been carefully replaced by the attendants. I can see the point. If
  they left messy, half-chewed ropes lying around, it would make it far too obvious
  that the next player is to be a victim. They would never have fooled Mandy
  with bloody ropes lying around. But nobody will be trying to fool me, after
  what I have seen. I wonder if there are more girls waiting outside that door.
  Julian could probably tell me, but I am in no position to ask him.  
Wanda seems to have forgotten the attendants, who have finished their task.
  Oddly it seems that they have only just noticed her. First they look at the
  post they have just prepared, then at Wanda. I have an awful premonition as
  one of them begins to circle around behind her, and after that he stays between
  her and the exit. Wanda begins to run. She must think they want to have a bit
  of innocent fun with her. She will not let them catch her as easily as that.
  Obviously she is the only one who has not yet worked out what is really happening,
  but of course, she has never been the victim before now.  
It dawns on me why she was so upset when Julian replaced her jewelled studs
  with welded rings just like everybody else's. Previously she looked so different
  that nobody could have mistaken her for a guest. Now, nude and gagged, she
  looks very much like any other girl. The guards probably think that she has
  just been delivered to the arena for disposal, covered in weals from a severe
  whipping, and gagged to muffle her protests. Her disguise is absolutely perfect.
  The irony appeals to me. I wonder what they will do when they discover their
  mistake. By then it will probably be too late for my sadistic young friend.  
She is finding out just how distracting it is to run with a ring tugging
  at her clitoris hood. By the look of that ring, Gilbert must have added some
  extra weight, and the way her breasts are bouncing must be almost as awkward.
  I can see why she had such an obvious advantage when she was wearing that small
  barbell in her clitoris hood. The attendants seem to know why she is dodging
  them so awkwardly, and they are making sure that she doesn't stop before the
  constant titillation has its inevitable effect.  
Julian is behind me. He is stroking me, willing me to climax again. His fingers
  slip into my pussy and lights are beginning to flash in my head. I cannot evade
  his caresses, no matter how I move. One of his fingers pushes deeper into my
  slit and rubs gently against the tender tip of my clitoris. Wanda has come
  to a stop, convulsing helplessly with pleasure. Those rings have finally given
  her a lesson in female vulnerability. She is far too distracted to resist as
  the attendants close in and grip her arms firmly. They carry her, still shaking,
  to the nearest post. Her kicking legs are a trivial annoyance as they bind
  her wrists tightly together behind her back. When they link her elbows her
  breasts thrust marvellously. One of the men whispers something in her ear and
  she calms for a moment. Her nipples are getting engorged, as she contemplates
  her awful fate. Her juices drip from the heavy golden ring that swings between
  her legs. They lower the noose over her head. She knows what is coming. Desperately
  she rises onto her toes but when they tighten the noose it tugs her even higher.
  Now she can scarcely breathe. She is much too distracted to notice when one
  of them leaves to collect one of the giant beasts. The rope is tightly secured
  behind the post. She is gasping for air when they finally unlock and remove
  her gag, but they still seem to have no idea who it is that they have prepared
  to be the beast's next victim.  
I am shuddering in spasms of my own, when I feel something smooth and hard
  pushing up into my vulva. Julian is busy screwing a thick dildo shaft up into
  my body. I squirm desperately as my pleasure grows, but I can't stop my convulsions
  of pleasure as he excites me even more with smooth deliberate strokes of his
  whip across my bottom. Every movement I make tugs at the tenderest parts of
  me, but now I am wriggling with my pussy stretched by a slippery smooth dildo
  shaft. Casually Julian flicks the tip of his whip around my breasts, expertly
  finding the tender bases of my painfully stretched nipples.  
The beast shuffles towards Wanda. I watch, fascinated. Slowly he licks between
  her legs. I can feel her horrified excitement. Her whole body shudders in a
  helpless paroxysm. His jaws snap over one of her breasts, and it is gone. He
  spits out the ring. Blood pours down her chest. In a moment there are two gaping
  hollows where her lovely breasts had been. Tears run down her face. She looks
  up to the window. She knows it will be her last spectacular performance.  
Giant claws grip her ankles. She knows what is coming, but there is no escape
  from his awesome strength. With apparent ease he lifts one of her legs, twists
  it round until it is dislocated, wrenches it free and tosses it to the ground.
  Her other leg follows as quickly as the first. The rope cuts deep into Wanda's
  throat. She has closed her eyes.  
I wriggle helplessly, and the movement excites me. It is bad enough to see
  the ruin of Wanda's beauty, and remember her expert attentions between my thighs
  while the beast casually dismembered my friend Mandy. Now I am forced to squirm
  with a thick dildo shaft filling my pussy, and a whip tormenting my tender
  bottom. Julian soon has me convulsing with pleasure. Pussy juices run down
  the dildo shaft as I collapse, wracked with conflicting sensations, exhausted
  by the ordeal.  
One by one Wanda's arms are tossed to join the pile of dismembered parts.
  Her torso is hanging from the noose. With a quick flick the beast turns her,
  and munches contentedly on what is left of her shapely buttocks. I cannot bear
  to watch, but fascination keeps my attention. Once her head is gone there is
  little that resembles Wanda. All too soon the beast is resting, with well chewed
  bones all around him, panting contentedly. Bile fills my throat. I shiver with
  horror. At least Julian has left me alone, but I am still ensconced on the
  giant dildo shaft. I dare not move or I will climax again.  
'So here you are,' Ian says from behind. 'I wondered where you had got to.
  This is not a show for the faint-hearted, is it!'  
Kim's bottom is as well striped as mine. She gasps as Ian flicks the thongs
  of his whip casually up at her cheeks. Stylishly and obediently she steps forward
  into an alcove. She must be wondering what is going on down there. Ian timed
  it well. A few moments earlier and she would have seen the whole thing. There
  will be another victim down there soon enough, and it will probably be me.
  Ian reaches under her bottom to stroke her pussy. Kim smiles with pleasure,
  until something tugs at her pussy ring. She pulls back in surprise, but the
  thong holds her firm. No matter how much she wriggles and tugs, she cannot
  free herself. Ian quickly fixes her wrists. Kim gasps as he suspends her nipple
  rings from the golden hooked chains. She is a pretty captive. Her nipple chains
  are a little longer than mine, and they look a lot more comfortable. It is
  not fair at all.  
'Hi, Stephanie! Sorry to keep you waiting!'  
It is the moment I have been dreading. Julian is back. He wastes no time,
  reaching down between my legs to release the dildo shaft. It sinks back into
  the floor. I am trembling with terror while he gives my shoulders a friendly
  pat, and strokes my arms. I can feel his strength. Suddenly I am weak at the
  knees. He detaches my wrists and effortlessly clips them together again behind
  my back. I wish I had not taken so much trouble to make my cuffs escape-proof.
  Those braided steel reinforcements are serious overkill. When he detaches the
  chains from my nipples it is an incredible relief. Then he frees my ankles,
  but I am still held firm by the thong attached to my pussy ring. He is not
  in any hurry to release the thong. When he straps my elbows together, my breasts
  thrust beautifully, unnaturally. My protests are completely muffled by my gag.
  I feel his hand busy between my legs. Once my pussy ring is released I feel
  as if I am free, but all I can do is tremble. Even if I got away from him,
  I would never manage to open that door with my wrists bound together behind
  my back. Julian is smiling. He is holding a long pole with a kind of hooked
  prod thing on the end. I wonder what he intends to do with it. Fortunately
  Kim is looking the other way, but Ian is watching curiously, as if he has never
  seen anything like this before. Suddenly I remember Wanda's mysterious remark,
  something about girls like me not being any trouble. I have a sinking feeling
  in my stomach. Why is he holding that peculiar pole so low?  
He moves the pole towards me, incredibly fast, and with an expert twist and
  tug he snaps its rubbery hooked tip onto my pussy ring, and pulls me forward.
  The finality of it makes my heart beat wildly. With his pole attached to my
  deeply embedded ring he can heave me as hard as he likes, and I know I will
  go exactly where he moves me. Julian knows exactly how to handle a girl all
  right, irrespective of her own feelings in the matter, I reflect ruefully.  
Belatedly I understand why a ringed girl is 'never any problem'. My clitoris
  explodes with pleasure at every tiny movement of his wickedly hooked pole.
  With my arms clipped behind my back I can barely keep my balance as I stumble
  forward, step by step. It is impossible to think, while I am kept so close
  to an orgasm by the repetitive tugs of the pole. I thought rings were a fantasy,
  an illusion to make a girl seem excitingly vulnerable. Now I know what they
  really mean. It is blindingly obvious to anyone who has tried it for herself.
  A girl cannot help being docile and obedient, when she is led by a pole hooked
  to her pussy ring. She is incredibly easy to control. The first time I tried
  to resist, the orgasm was so powerful I almost fell. Julian ignored it completely.
  He just carried on heaving me forward while I was hardly aware of where my
  feet were taking me. I have never felt so helpless. By the time we are halfway
  across the gallery I realise that he is really enjoying himself. The more it
  hurts me, the more he likes it.  
I spasm repeatedly as he tugs me roughly down the stairs and across the arena.
  Pleasure explodes so violently between my legs that I can hardly think clearly.
  He is making sure of that. The feeding post is ready, and the two attendants
  are there to help him. They take the pole and hold me still in front of the
  post until the rope has been tightened around my neck. Now I can hardly breathe.  
I look up at the viewing window. Ian and Kim are watching. I have a fine
  view up her pouting slit. She has class all right. The thong is tugging at
  her pussy ring. Ian's fingers stroke her gently where she is most sensitive.
  Kim is beautifully, temptingly ringed, and excitingly helpless but she cannot
  have the slightest idea how easy she will be. In spite of my position I am
  enjoying the thought that Kim will be next. My only regret is missing the look
  on her face when the awful reality of her fate dawns on her.  
The beast snuffles as he shambles towards me. His baleful eyes inspect my
  tender body. My pussy is not going to help me now. His tongue rasps between
  my legs. There is nothing I can do as his cavernous jaws close over my breast.
  His mouth is cold. I feel no pain. There is blood where my lovely breast jutted
  so proudly, and my ribs are exposed. He watches me, chewing noisily. Casually
  he spits out the ring that hung from my lovely nipple. I have one breast now,
  and he leans down to that tasty morsel. His teeth bite into my soft flesh and
  it is gone.  
Kim is flushed with excitement at my predicament. The pleasure is making
  her gasp and twist as the spasms come. Perhaps Ian is helping. I can see her
  breasts bobbing. I hope her nipples hurt when they jerk at the chains. I try
  to imagine Kim being helplessly tugged down into the arena by Julian, with
  that long, wickedly hooked pole. She is enjoying a preview of her own terrible
  fate, but she cannot possibly realise that yet. Even after they took Wanda
  I didn't believe that this was really going to happen to me.  
The beast spits out my second, bright golden nipple ring. Tears run down
  my cheeks, as I contemplate the evidence that my proud beauty is gone forever.
  My lovely breasts are already consumed by that terrible beast, but I know the
  worst is still to come. That awful thought brings another explosion of sweet
  pleasure between my legs, and a familiar tingling, as if my nipples are responding
  too. I am resigned to my awful fate. At least a girl has some consolation from
  the sweet hidden delights between her legs.  
The beast lifts my leg to the side with the practised movement I have seen
  before. There is no pause. He twists, and my hips are on fire. I feel a tug.
  There is an awful tearing sound as he wrenches my leg free, and casually tosses
  it to the ground. It was a pretty leg, long and shapely. It is extraordinary
  to see my own leg lying bloody on the ground, while I am being dismantled so
  casually by a terrible monster. I stand awkwardly, trying to keep my balance.
  I cannot believe that I can be still alive, and in such pain.  
His thick bony thumb rips deep into my cunt as his claws grip my buttocks
  to hold my torso steady. Casually he pulls my remaining leg up. I feel a burning
  pain as he twists to loosen it, then just a tug as he pulls it free. My weight
  is on his horny claw and I hear that horrible tearing sound again as he tugs
  my leg free from my quivering body and tosses it casually onto the pile. As
  he removes his thumb it saws dreadfully up between my lips and he tears my
  clitoris ring away with a small but precious lump of flesh, waving it in front
  of my face and I cannot feel anything between my legs any more. I cannot bear
  to see my dismembered limbs, lying there as if abandoned.  
His sharp claws tear at my arms and my bonds are gone. He twists my arms
  easily free, one by one, and tosses them onto the growing pile. His teeth close
  over my head and there is a coldness around my neck. It is dark, but suddenly
  I feel a miraculous lightness. The pain is dissipating. I am above my body
  now, curiously watching the beast at work. But it is only flesh and I don't
  need it any more.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





