BDSM Library - Wench's Fitting




Wench's Fitting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Prequel to Wench's Nipple Party - She gets fitted for her chastity belt.Wench's Fitting 
 Love and I woke up early in the hotel room. We had gotten into Baltimore
  late the night before. I was nervous, knowing full well why we came here.  
 Love had me get dressed in my vanilla enough leather outfit &ndash; leather
  pants and leather jacket go well with Love's motorcycle. We got on, with him
  in front of course, and he handed me my helmet. I saw that he covered the inside
  of the face shield with pictures &ndash; the center one had me naked except
  for a blindfold, and tied to the bed. Others were of models in various bondage
  positions. With those pictures, I was effectively blindfolded, but passerby
  would be none the wiser. Love took scotch tape, and taped my mouth shut, saying &ldquo;If
  this tape is broken, either it was an emergency, or you will be punished. Do
  I make myself clear?&rdquo;  
 I nodded yes. I was glad that he managed to merge safe bondage with this
  trip. I wrapped my arms around him as the engine roared to life, and was rewarded
  by having my fingers taped together. I'm sure I could easily break it if we
  crashed or anything &ndash; I would be bound more by will than by bonds, with
  the tape being used as evidence. 
 We rode off, with him warning me ahead of time which way to lean for the
  turns. I had no idea where we were &ndash; I'd never been to Baltimore before,
  even if I could see! It was wonderfully ironic to be bound in plain sight,
  nobody even noticing. After what could have been 10 minutes, could have been
  an hour, we arrived. 
 We walked into a building, and after greeting &ldquo;Andy&rdquo;, Love led
  me through a door. He said &ldquo;Take off all of your clothes, and wear what
  is on the bench. Come out when you are done.&rdquo; He then shut the door. 
 I took off the helmet, and saw I was in a small barren room. On a small
  bench, there was only a padded leather blindfold. Nervous as I was, I stripped,
  and blindfolded myself. I was glad that it fit well at the bottom of my nose &ndash; I
  don't like being able to peek. I cinched it up until I could see absolutely
  nothing, then I stepped out. 
 Someone, I assume it was &ldquo;Andy&rdquo;, called out away from me &ldquo;I
  just need to check some personal fitting issues. Be back in a minute.&rdquo; To
  me, he said &ldquo;Come with me.&rdquo; He led me a distance, perhaps into
  another room, and then said in a serious, yet caring voice &ldquo;I tell this
  to everyone, so don't be alarmed. Your master can't hear you, so answer honestly.
  Do you want to be fitted for a chastity belt? It might not be a toy, and he
  may lock you in for long periods of time, maybe permanently. If you say no,
  I will come up with an excuse to cover for you. Do you want to continue and
  be fitted? 
 I nodded. &ldquo;Yes, master.&rdquo; 
 He chuckled. &ldquo;Good. I love locking up sluts!&rdquo; He led me back
  to Love. 
 Someone buckled some fur-lined manacles over my wrists, and in short order,
  my arms were hauled toward the ceiling. Another set of fur-lined manacles were
  buckled around my ankles. 
 Love commanded &ldquo;Wench, spread your legs as wide as you can. If there's
  no stretch, I'll stretch them for you.&rdquo; 
 I muttered &ldquo;Yes, my love&rdquo;, and quickly complied. I didn't need
  to be told that he would spread my legs far more than what is comfortable.
  For that, I was rewarded by having my legs were locked apart by a spreader
  bar.  
 Andy proceeded to take all sorts of measurements &ndash; waist, front of
  waist to back waist through the crotch (Andy enjoyed that one), hips, good
  height for waist band, front of waist to back waist through the crotch (again!),
  distance between thighs, a few others I couldn't identify, and front of waist
  to back waist through the crotch (one more time for good measure, sliding the
  cloth tape back and forth a few times). 
 Andy asked what &ldquo;So, slut, what size boobs do you got?&rdquo; 
 I thought was a random crude question meant to humiliate me. &ldquo;Size
  40 C or D, depending on the bra manufacturer, Master.&rdquo; 
 Andy then started taking measurements like boobs to shoulders. He laughed. &ldquo;That's
  right &ndash; Your master cares enough not only to lock up your hole, but your
  boobs too!&rdquo; 
 I was a bit confused, but sure wasn't about to ask any questions. Love gets
  a lot more enjoyment from touching my boobs than I do. Why would he lock them
  away, but have the key to access them? What was the point? 
 A small padded bar was put in front of my waist, and my arms were lowered
  from the ceiling, only to be pulled forward, forcing me to bend over the bar.
  My arms were tied off, and a padded contraption was put under me to support
  the weight of my head; my best guess is that it was something that masseuses
  use. Apparently I was to be here a while. 
 Andy's hands roamed freely around my dangling boobs, caressing, feeling,
  twirling, and tweaking. &ldquo;She really does have a nice pair, doesn't she?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Yes, I'm going to enjoy seeing them locked up in stainless steel&rdquo; Love
  answered. The caressing continued for a while. There was nothing that I could
  do about it; my hands were tied over my head, my legs were spread far and wide.
  I was truly exposed to whatever Andy or Love wanted. Suddenly my boobs being
  immersed something cold and kind of liquid!  
 &ldquo;Yikes!&rdquo; I exclaimed, more from the surprise than the cold itself.  
 Andy said &ldquo;Don't worry. This foam will set in a few minutes. The cold
  will keep your boobs nice and perky, so that I can get exact measurements off
  of the mold.&rdquo; 
 Oh dear. I guess there was something that I needed to explain to them very
  tactfully. &ldquo;Um...Love?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Yes Wench?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Um...not to sound ungrateful for the gift you are giving me, but
  there's something that I think I need to explain about my breasts and gravity.
  When I stand up, my breasts are shaped differently than this &ndash; they're
  kind of wider, don't stick out as far...droopier...&rdquo; 
 Andy laughed again. &ldquo;I think she's just getting it now!&rdquo; While
  I like a man who enjoys his work, I think he enjoys his a bit TOO much. 
 It was then that I realized that I didn't need to explain boobs and gravity
  to them, it was they who were explaining having enormous stainless steel boobs
  and humiliation to ME! 
 Still chuckling, Andy prepared for the next &ldquo;segment&rdquo;. He locked
  a thumb cuff around my big toes. I saw that each had a thin chain trailing
  off of it. He started to pull the two together. I pivoted my feet inward as
  much as possible, but my ankles were still spread to the far corners of the
  earth! When Andy had my feet turned in as much as possible, he linked the two
  chains together to prevent separation. 
 Bent over like I was, with my legs spread, I felt like I was forced to give
  the world the largest mooning that I possibly could; my butt was so exposed.
  Not to be disappointed, I felt something short and thin probe around my butt,
  than enter for an inch or two. Behind the blindfold, my eyes went wide as the
  nozzle he put in shot more foam up my ass! He went on and on giving me a foam
  enema, all the while sounding like a whipped cream container. It seemed like
  the foam was expanding even after it got in!  
 Master said &ldquo;Better keep still Wench. If the mold is distorted, you
  wouldn't want us guessing a bit on the high side...&rdquo; Needless to say,
  I kept very still as the pressure built up. Andy finally stopped , yet the
  pressure built up more. I felt like if I didn't go to the bathroom awfully
  quick, I was going to burst! I tried not to do the pee-pee dance, and it stopped
  growing. I could feel it slowly hardening inside of me. I stood motionless
  in my enforced darkness. 
 As they waited for the foam to set, Andy asked Love &ldquo;So, at first,
  you were going for the base model, now you're going for quite a nice selection
  of extras. What made you change your mind?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Well, money was a concern.&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Was?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Well, I found a guy with a web site willing to buy all the pictures
  that I've been taking.&rdquo; 
 My mind exploded. Pictures? He's been taking pictures of me like this? They're
  going on the net to anyone who pays this web guy a few bucks? Just how much
  have I been showing? And to who? 
 I must have shown a reaction, as Andy laughed, asking Love &ldquo;She didn't
  know, did she?&rdquo; He then bowed down to address me closely &ldquo;So, slut,
  how does it feel to have your wonton exhibitionism subsidizing your bondage?
  Knowing that strangers buying pictures of your bound flesh is what allows him
  to torment you all the more? 
 I could offer only a whimper in reply.  
 It was Love's turn to torment me. &ldquo;So Wench, how's your butt feeling?
  Nice and pleasant?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;The foam is huge my Love! Please don't make anything that big!&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Well, the normal wear one will be considerably smaller. It's the
  punishment plug that you need to fear.&rdquo; 
 I sure didn't like the sound of that. *gulp* &ldquo;Punishment plug?&rdquo; 
 &ldquo;Yeah. Its for when you misbehave &ndash; after the outer coating,
  curing, and so forth, it should be a bit bigger than the original mold. 
 I didn't think that I could take it! &ldquo;Please don't my Love!&rdquo; 
 For that, I felt an empty plastic bag shoved in my mouth, followed by the
  foam nozzle. Andy told me &ldquo;Bite down on the nozzle.&rdquo; I knew I lost,
  and quickly complied. After 3 seconds of foaming, my mouth was also filled.  
 I waited in my darkness as they talked about me like I was a piece of meat.
  I could offer no resistance. I'm sure they waited longer than was really necessary
  for the foam to set &ndash; they were enjoying my predicament. 
 I have no idea how long I stood there as my legs ached from the position
  and the foam filling my butt. I felt one of them slowly lowering the foam around
  my boobs as the other one pulled and tugged them out of the mold until they
  were free.  
 At their command, I opened my mouth to let them remove the gag. Fingers
  poked and prodded around my butt. I screamed like a wounded banshee as the
  widest part of the plug came slurping out of my butt. That hurt like hell!
  And they are going to make a plug larger than that? They're not kidding when
  they called it &ldquo;punishment&rdquo;!  
 As I was led back into the changing closet, still no wiser as to where I
  was, Andy called out &ldquo;The stuff should be ready by noon tomorrow. See
  you then?&rdquo; 
 Love replied &ldquo;Yep. We wouldn't miss it for the world.&rdquo; 
 I stumbled off, knowing I had no choice. 
End of Part 1 
Disclaimer &ndash; this is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons
  living or dead are coincidence. No animals were hurt in the writing of this
  story. If you try the actions described herein, you're weirder than I am.  
Wench's Fitting Part 2   
   
 The next day, we woke up and went down to the bike to pick up the chastity
  belt. As my Love put the helmet over my head, I saw that the visor was still
  blacked out, and that the pictures on the inside had been changed. They were
  all of me in bondage the day before. Looking at them, I had to agree with my
  Love &ndash; I DID look like a wanton Wench! 
 Love whispered "Initial feedback from the internet is pretty good &ndash; you
  just might be a hit!" 
 I cringed &ndash; There are pictures of me in bondage, wearing only a blindfold,
  and I was the ten thousandth person to see them, with who knows how many to
  follow. 
 We wound our way through the Baltimore streets, with me glad that the face
  shield was painted black &ndash; I had visions of a passerby pointing yelling "Hey!
  There's that babe we were looking at last night! Yeah! The one with the foam
  up her ass!" 
 We eventually arrived, and I was led into a room, and ordered to "strip
  naked, and put on everything on the bench. I took off the motorcycle helmet,
  and saw the bench had only a blindfold. I put it on, and strode out. 
 Love said "Well, there's been a slight delay &ndash; Andy's not ready with
  your chastity belt quite yet. You can wait in the other room.  
 He led me a short distance, and handed me a tube of gel. "Lube up Wench!" He
  gleefully called out, obviously louder than what was needed.  
 I wasn't wet (yet), so I lubed up front first. I then dribbled a generous
  glob of goo onto my fingers, and started lubricating up my rear. Much as I
  hated things up my butt, I know that my Love enjoyed sticking plugs or his
  penis up there, and I had no choice in the matter. The more lube, the less
  it hurt. 
 "This one in front." I was handed a dildo. By feel, it was an odd jelly,
  modestly sized going around, but quite long. I slid it a bit in, then a little
  out. Then more in, and a little out, and twirling it to ease its entry. I felt
  that when it hit resistance, it kind of ballooned out, the same way that a
  balloon will get fatter if you push on the two ends. Given how long it was,
  this could end quite badly for me. I slid it in until it stopped &ndash; it
  still had a lot more length than I had depth. 
 "Hold that one in like a good wench, and this one goes in back. Put it in
  nice and slow." I was handed a butt-plug of the same material. Once again,
  the diameter was fine, but it was way too long to fit to the base. I slowly
  slid it in and out, in and out, a little deeper each time. I made sure to twirl
  it a bit to spread the lube, in case I missed anywhere. 
 An unfamiliar voice surprised me. "Oh man! She sure can perform for the
  camera, can't she!" This wasn't Andy, and wasn't my Love! Who was this guy? 
 Oh god! I was screwing myself up the ass with a rubber dick not only for
  an audience, but for the entire internet! 
 Love laughed. "Yeah. I'll e-mail you the video." That didn't make me feel
  any better. The net had action video of me! I finally pushed the plug in as
  far as it would go, and held it and the dildo in place. 
 I was told to kneel, which I quickly did. I was rewarded by having some
  kind of a bar lifted between my legs, holding the dildo and butt-plug securely
  in my privates. Hands I couldn't see shackled my ankles with fur-lined manacles.
  The bar between my legs lifted, and I knelt up as straight as I could to avoid
  the pressure it gave to my crotch. When I could lift no more, it was secured
  to my ankles. I got the message &ndash; if I try to lift my ankles, my crotch
  will sure feel it. 
 I felt something odd. It was the strange feeling of a presence &ndash; not
  Love, not the mystery man, but someone else. I dismissed it as my wrists were
  manacled in more fur-lined comfort. Although comfortable, there was no doubting
  that the manacles were just as secure. 
 My wrists were pulled out to the sides. As they were being tied off, I heard
  an "mmpphh!" just in front of me. I wasn't alone! There was another woman tied
  barely in front of me! 
 The mystery man yelled "Sextoy! I told you to be quiet!" 
 "Ah!" I called out as a clamp bit into my exposed nipple, more from the
  surprise than the pain. I weathered the second clamp better, letting out barely
  a wimper. My nipples are so sensitive! The clamps were pulled up, lifting my
  boobs higher and higher. I grimaced from the pinching and yanking. The tightening
  finally stopped. I straightened up my back to relieve as much of the strain
  on my boobs as I could. The clamps were raised that much higher and tied off. 
 I felt the tip of a rubber penis at my mouth, and opened wide without being
  told. I felt like such a slutty Wench! The penis gag was slid into my mouth,
  and a strap was buckled around my head to hold it in. There was a generous
  breathing hole through the middle. After I had taken a few breaths through
  it, my lips were taped around it. There would be no cheating; I had to suck
  on the penis to breathe. 
 Love said "OK, the pets are secure. I guess some introductions are in order." My
  blindfold was removed. 
 I saw the back of a bare room, and was surprised at all of the I-bolts,
  pulleys, and other attachment points along the walls, floor, and ceiling! A
  nude long haired blonde woman was kneeling not a foot in front of my face.
  Her arms were similarly tied out to the sides to a pulley in each wall, from
  there up to a pulley in the ceiling, and then down to my nipple clamps. If
  she pulled her hands in, it would be my nipples that got yanked, and vice versa
  with my wrists and her nipples. The twin penis gag that went in my mouth had
  a pair of balls in front of my mouth, then a second penis going into her mouth.
  Her lips were taped around the penis with some transparent packing tape. We
  stared at each other, dumbfounded and uncertain. I had so many questions, but
  couldn't ask any of them. She was tied up in front of, and attached to me.
  Did she do this thing often? Was she here for a chastity belt? Is she commonly
  in sexual situations with other women, like a lesbian or anything? What fun
  things had she had tried on her? What was her relationship with the guy, and
  how did she feel it? Instead, we stared at each other nervously with rubber
  penises filling our every orifice. Not the way I typically meet ladies, giving
  them the silent treatment. 
 Love did the introductions. Pointing to Mystery Man, "You will address him
  as 'Master', and me as 'my Love'. "Sextoy, this is Wench." As we couldn't shake
  hands or hug, I tried to express "Hi" with my eyebrows. Due to the pink penis
  spreading her lips, I have no idea if she got it. "Wench, this is Sextoy." She
  leaned forward a bit, pushing me back. I guess it was a greeting. I pushed
  back in response. 
 I heard Love mutter "Just going to have to put a stop to that one." He parted
  my hair in half, making two ponytails high on the crown of my head, tying a
  long thin cord around each base. He then braided each ponytail, using the cord
  as one of the three strands of the braid. When he was done, each cord was well
  attached to my head. He used them like reins to guide my head where he wanted
  it, then tied them up and back to prevent me from turning my head or going
  forward.  
 Love then went behind Sextoy, and repeated the process. When tying off her
  braids, he pulled until there was gentle pressure from our hair pulling us
  apart, and gentle pressure from the gag straps pulling us together. Movement
  in any direction would be painful.  
 The two men walked out &ndash; as far as I know. Sextoy was facing the door.
  We gently tested out our forced position. Any arm movement would pull the other's
  nipples. Any movement of my ankles wouldn't move the invaders in my crotch,
  but would instead enlarge the dildo and butt-plug in her crotch, and vice versa.
  We stared at each other in still silence. 
 After a few minutes, I heard the men return. "mmpphh!!" I leapt in surprise
  as something large and cold was placed on my back! I realized my mistake too
  late when I saw Sextoy's eyes go wide. The men laughed. "That was fun. We need
  to do that again!" They continued to put the cold metal back strap of the chastity
  bra around me. I made sure not to move. Apparently the cups weren't attached
  yet. They got the fit information they needed, and left. 
 Not a minute later, they were back. Sextoy suddenly looked very nervous.
  I resolved myself to behave and be perfectly still for her sake. I knew the
  strap was cold. If the cups were ready, I would know when they were going to
  be fitted. I wouldn't move a muscle. 
 I didn't have a chance. The surprise of having the ice cube placed on the
  bare arch of my foot was too much. I instinctually jerked my foot away. The
  ice was put on the other arch, and I jerked again. I jerked when it was placed
  on my butt. Love came around with the camera, and started taking pictures.
  Master moved the ice around the tender parts of my body, getting a response
  each time. The ice went to my armpits, the back of my neck, anywhere sensitive.
  I was nervous, never knowing where the cold would be. Sextoy was nervous too &ndash; she
  could see the ice coming, but not do anything about the response I would give! 
 When I finally steeled myself not to flinch, the game was over. Master moved
  behind Sextoy. He asked me "Did you know it was common practice to show the
  prisoner the implement of torture before it was used?" He smiled and held up
  a large feather. Oh god! If Sextoy was as ticklish as I was, this is going
  to be disasterous for me! With my lips sealed around this giant penis, there
  was no warning I could give! Master laughed at my wide-eyed terror.  
 A flick of his wrist toward her right foot, and Sextoy jerked away, forcing
  the dildo further into me. Another light tickle to her armpit had her flinch
  again with an audibly nervous "mmpphh" from tickling. Her flinching arm jerked
  up on my clamped nipple. I "mmpphh"ed from the sudden pain. Now I knew what
  Sextoy was going through when I was being teased with the ice. I was powerless
  to stop it then, as I was powerless to stop it now. I knew that Master would
  torment Sextoy with ticklish feathers; she would torment me by laughing spasms.
  It was going to be a long day...  
 My eyes opened wide as my ass was opened wide by a moving foot. "MMpphh!!" Couldn't
  she control herself at all? Master continued tickling Sextoy, and I continued
  to try to yell and scream as the invaders penetrated me below, my nipples were
  yanked in the middle, and the penis tried going in and out of my mouth. My
  scalp was also aching as it anchored my head from being thrust forward and
  back. 
 Master stopped the tickling. I was glad that he was kind enough to make
  it short. I looked up to him in gratitude. He smiled at me, and held up a second
  feather. Oh no! I begged and pleaded into the penis gag. It wouldn't have done
  any good even if he did understand me. 
 Master redoubled his tickling onslaught. Sextoy broke the tape holding her
  mouth onto the penis gag. She started laughing uncontrollably as she was tickled
  by the two feathers. 
 In contrast, I was raped by the twin intruders up into my privates, spasming
  and twitching every time Sextoy pulled her arms. My nipples seemed to be dancing
  themselves into oblivion, with how many times they were pulled on. 
 Love was laughing at my predicament as he snapped picture after picture
  with the camera that would be paying the bills.  
 Then I felt it &ndash; a light touch under my armpit. Oh no! Not tickling
  me too! I tried to hold out, but didn't last even a few seconds until I too
  was laughing and trying fruitlessly to escape the tickling. I also burst out
  of the tape around my mouth, and joined Sextoy in giggling, laughing, and screaming
  from the torment. Never before had I experienced such a blurring of the line
  between pleasure and pain. 
 I felt such a connection to Sextoy, a form of sisterhood, or bonding. Any
  movement of mine had a response to her, and vice versa. Anyone who endures
  this together has experienced something together they just can't explain to
  anyone else. 
 Then it happened &ndash; Sextoy tensed up in the throes of orgasm. It was
  a beautiful thing to watch. As she screamed out her hormonal passion, the tickling
  stopped. We both collapsed (as best as we could) into heaps of estrogen-soaked
  aches. I couldn't believe just how much my butt, vagina, and nipples ached.
  My scalp was on fire; I hoped it was still intact. I was physically exhausted
  from all the excitement. 
 Andy's voice from behind me was anti-climatic. "Sextoy's outfit is ready."  
If you have any comments, feel free to drop me a line at bracemaiden@hotmail.com! 
Wench's Fitting Chapter 3   
 "Sextoy's outfit is ready." 
 I was glad &ndash; I would be released from my bondage to her. My exhaustion
  made the bondage quite uncomfortable. Our ankles were released, and I felt
  the dildo and butt-plug starting to slip out, leaving me with an audible "slorp!" No
  matter how much I've experienced that sound, I can't stop it, and it always
  drives home "Hey! This woman enjoyed being filled with rubber sex toys!" It's
  a humbling thought when you think of it that way.  
 I saw My Love and Master going for the nipple clamps. Oh damn. This was
  going to hurt! "MMMMMppphhh!!!! We each screamed into the gag as all four clamps
  were released at the same time. The pain of the blood rush into my nipples
  was reflected back at me, seeing the same thing in Sextoy's eyes. 
 Our arms were released, and finally the double dildo-gag was taken off.
  I was relatively free for the first time in what seemed to be hours &ndash; the
  only ropes that was tied to me was acting like a pony-tail band at the moment,
  not restricting in the least. They sure felt odd as they dangled on the back
  of my legs though... 
 My Love came up to me. "So Wench, want me to screw you up the ass?" 
 His blas&eacute; question caught me off guard. He knows that I don't enjoy
  anal sex, and I know he enjoys forcing me to do it anyway. Why would he ask?
  I carefully worded my reply. "While I don't want you to, you're welcome to
  do it anyway my Love." 
 He smiled. "No, I'll wait until you want me to." I had fallen into his trap.
  I knew it, but it was too late. Nothing left to do but wonder why I would want
  him to use my butt as his private sperm repository. 
 He pushed something to my lips. "Open wide." I complied, and was rewarded
  with a deflated gag entering my mouth. As soon as it was seated in place, My
  Love started pumping it up. It was well designed, and seemed to fit my mouth
  pretty well. He kept pumping until my cheeks bulged out, my teeth sat in a
  groove made for the purpose, yet my breathing was OK, due to a generous breathing
  tube through the middle. Every breath I took was quite audible as a "whoosh" in,
  and a "whoosh" out. 
 Andy laughed. He did the distinctive Darth Vader breathing sound, and topped
  it off with "Luke! I am your Wench! Screw me in the ass!" All the guys laughed.
  I just cringed. What else could I do?  
 As My Love disconnected the pump, it was clear that even without a strap
  holding it in place, there was no way I could get the inflated gag out. I felt
  the gag with my hands. My Love must have read my mind, telling me "Nope Wench.
  Without the pump, you can't deflate the gag." He smiled and held up a truly
  enormous, pre-lubed butt plug, showing it off to me. I had no doubt where it
  was going. He showed me the base of the plug, where there was a D ring and
  a keyhole. "You see wench, when I turn the key like this...these flanges that
  will be inside your sphincter pop out, making the plug too large to expel!
  It will be securely locked in with no straps! It needs custom fitting, but
  it's worth it! Now turn around..." 
 I did as I was told, bending over, and turning my toes in to spread my butt
  cheeks as wide as I could. The tighter and drier I was back there, the more
  it would hurt. Now it was clear to me why I would want my Love to screw me
  up the ass &ndash; to get this butt-plug out! If I wasn't gagged, I would have
  pleaded to change my mind &ndash; not that it would have done any good at this
  point. My Love's lubed fingers started spreading KY all around my butt, and
  slipped inside. He lubed me up the best that he could, and started with the
  Monster Plug. From the feel of the beast, it must have been the size of his
  fist! He pushed the tip in a bit, and out half as much. I moaned as I was stretched
  as wide as I could possibly bear. In a bit more, and out half as much, working
  it back and forth to slide it in, spreading the depth to which I was filled.
  I moaned and whimpered as the anal intruder went further and further in. I
  contemplated trying to get away, but dismissed that idea as folly &ndash; My
  love would see to it that I was plugged, one way or another. I might as well
  do it the easy way. I was quite relieved when I finally felt the base hit my
  butt. My Love turned the key, and I felt the one area widen. God this thing
  is huge! I saw the flash of a few pictures being taken of my anal predicament
  to document it for all internet posterity.  
 I felt a cable being run through the D-ring, and heard the "click" of a
  lock. My Love then walked away, turning back to look at me with a smile. He
  was enjoying my predicament. After some more pictures were taken, the men went
  over to Sextoy. 
 I tried to stand up straight, but the discomfort from the plug was just
  too much &ndash; I would have to stay on my hands and knees. So I crawled towards
  them. Hopefully I would be able to persuade them to take the plug out. I got
  about 5 feet from the wall before the line connecting the plug to the wall
  went taut, stopping me short. While I could see them, all I could do was kneel
  and wait for them to come to me.  
 As I turned around, I saw what they meant by "Sextoy's outfit". Master and
  Andy were holding up a transparent plastic torso, even up and over the shoulders.
  I couldn't tell if it was from a mannequin, or if it was medical in nature. 
 They put the back half against her back, and fitted in the crotch portion.
  From the way it was made, the crotch of the "outfit" was easily removable &ndash; from
  the inside. Once someone was in it, it would be held in place by the presence
  of a body. The crotch was apparently made to be worn a long time &ndash; there
  was a cable going up the butt, and slots cut in over the front. The crotch
  would be quite covered, yet quite inaccessible, and available for viewing at
  any time.  
 The front portion was held over her body. From the crotch up to over the
  shoulders, Sextoy was about to be held in perfect posture &ndash; perfect for
  viewing I was sure. As they slid the two halves together I could see that her
  stomach would be pushed in, like a crude corset. Her shoulders would be held
  rigidly back, thrusting out her chest. My Love and Master held it shut, while
  Andy got out a re-chargeable screwdriver, and started giving a talk about his
  creation. 
 "As you can see, this is form fitting, holding her in a quite enjoyable
  posture. The two halves are held together by 12 screws, that is, 4 on each
  side, and 2 over each shoulder. She should be able to shower, use the bathroom,
  and so forth, so her term is not limited by those considerations. As you can
  see, I am using a special screw bit &ndash; these bits are not available, except
  by ordering direct from the company. Conventional screwdriver tips just don't
  fit the holes. It's just as good as a lock and key, but without the jangling
  and unsightly bulges under clothing. There! Now Sextoy, move around as best
  as you can for a few minutes, and let me know about any fit issues." 
 She took a few tentative steps, stretches, and so forth. Eventually my Love
  came over to see me. Now was my chance to get the aching butt plug out! I nuzzled
  up to his crotch, rubbing my bulging cheeks over his bulging pants.  
 My Love smiled. "So, do you want me to screw you up the ass yet?" 
 I nodded yes vigorously. My butt hurt already, and was only getting worse
  by the minute! 
 He pondered, rubbing his chin in staged contemplation as he watched me. 
 I put my hands together under my chin, attempting to plead with him. This
  must have amused Master. "Look! Darth Vader is pleading for anal sex!" 
 Undeterred by the jab at the sound my breathing hole was making, I gave
  him more crotch nuzzles. My Love teased me "You know, that mouth hole is looking
  about the right size..." 
 No! I had to get the plug out! I turned around, rubbing my butt against
  his crotch as much as the butt-plug would allow.  
 Master said "You know, Sextoy has to do some testing. I know just the thing..." He
  pointed to a cart full of bondage equipment. It had straps and buckles of who
  knows what hanging off of it. "Sextoy, you are to tie this Wench into a humiliating
  position, good for a royal ass screwing! If Love here is displeased, both you
  and Wench will be punished. You don't have much time, so you'd better make
  it quick, yet unyielding." With that, the men left the room, and closed the
  door. 
 She was initially surprised into inaction, until I "Mmmpphh"ed her to move.
  I was punished enough already! She started digging through the cart to see
  what she had to play with. She looked from the cart, to me, to the cart...
  I had only to wonder what she was going to come up with. 
 She took a pair of large leather manacles. They looked wonderful &ndash; black
  leather on the outside, white ermine fur in the inside. I was sure that the
  fur was fake, but that wasn't the point &ndash; they looked good. I offered
  her my arms, and put them just above each elbow.  
 As she was buckling the manacles, she started to awkwardly introduce herself
  in the ditziest voice I had ever heard! "Um... I don't think we were introduced.
  (giggle) I'm Sextoy. I know you're Wench, and can't answer at the moment..." I
  stared at her in disbelief at her voice. Yes, she is blonde, but I thought
  that the "know-nothing blonde" was a stereotype!  
 Sextoy must have seen my reaction. She continued. "Do you like my voice?
  Master trained me to use only this tone. (giggle) If I don't I get punished.
  He especially likes to get me in social situations like this." Oh my god! She
  is forced to act like a ditzy blonde to anyone who comes by! How humiliating! 
 Sextoy got some thigh straps that matched the manacles, each about 4 inches
  wide. At first, she tried to bend over at the waist to buckle them. Her outfit
  prevented such an unflattering position. She knelt down, back securely up,
  to wrap them around each of my legs, just over the knee, and buckle them snugly.
  She connected each elbow to the corresponding knee, and took at look at her
  handiwork. I was held on all fours, thrusting my butt out.  
 She arose with some difficulty, and went back to the bondage cart. Her outfit
  prevented her from breathing with the bottom of her lungs, making her breasts
  heave up and down quite visibly with each breath. As she inhaled, each boob
  was pressed into it's pre-formed shape, trying to burst the unyielding plastic.
  I'm sure they guys would love the visual effect. She took out a quite tall
  posture collar, made out of black leather. She stooped down to fasten the collar
  securely around my neck &ndash; not tight enough to choke, but snug enough
  for me not to be able to do anything but look at the floor. I got a close-up
  view of her mobile prison. To be held so securely, so on display, with an unknown
  day of release...I didn't know to be jealous she got it, or to be fearful that
  I would be next. 
 Sextoy's next bondage implement was an awfully long light chain. It must
  have been 40 feet long! What did she have in mind for that? She hooked it to
  a hook in one corner of the floor, then tossed a section of it over another
  hook in the corner of the ceiling so that the chain ran up the wall. From there,
  she threaded it under my waist, and tossed most of the remaining chain over
  a hook in the opposite corner of the ceiling. I got it &ndash; when she tightened
  it up, my butt would be held high by the chain! She picked up a cloth off the
  cart, and showed it to me &ndash; it had "Fuck me" printed all over it. She
  wrapped a bunch over the chain as padding under my stomach, and tightened up
  the chain, hauling my butt as high as it would go. This forced my forehead
  to the floor. She then hooked the chain down to a bolt set in the floor. 
 Once again, Sextoy reviewed my prone form. She folded up another "Fuck me" cloth,
  placing it under my forehead as a cushion, and sliding an 8 1/2x11 picture
  under my face. The picture showed me tied to Sextoy as we were struggling from
  the tickling. Not half an hour had gone by, and already they are showing me
  how slutty I looked! Who knows how many web surfers were looking at the same
  thing right now? With the posture collar, all I could do was stare at my bound
  form on the page in front of me. 
 I felt her putting manacles around my wrists, and compliantly tucked them
  to my neck at her gentile guidance &ndash; I wanted to be punished as little
  as she did. I heard the click of a lock, and they were set in place until someone
  else chose to release them. 
 More leather was put around my ankles. I felt them being spread wide, probably
  chained out to more of the multitude of attachment points about the room. I
  felt so spread &ndash; so vulnerable. 
 Sextoy held up the strings attached to my braids. She faked her best "innocent" voice &ndash; "Now
  what should I do with these. I realized how relative innocence is &ndash; she
  was held captive by a restrictive see-through shell that showed off her boobs
  and crotch quite well. I was hardly better with my butt up in the air, and
  a mouth full of inflated rubber. 
 Sextoy attached each of the ropes to the handle of a ping-pong paddle. She
  adjusted the length so that when laid flat, each paddle would hang over a butt-cheek.
  Once again, she stood back to admire her handiwork. 
 She carefully knelt down next to me. "It is such a production to kneel like
  this that I'm going to have to make it worth it. I know &ndash; easy for me
  to say." She laughed, and started to fiddle with something around one of my
  boobs, sliding some sort of a ring around it. My best guess is that the ring
  was made from metal, with a generous rubber pad on the inside. The ring had
  a cord dangling from it. I was sure I would find the purpose behind that all
  too soon. 
 She slid the ring up to the base of my boob. She started turning a wingnut,
  and the ring tightened. The more she twisted, the tighter it got. I gave her
  a "mmpphhh!" when it was snug, but either she didn't understand the comment,
  or didn't care, as she kept going. The ring really caused my boob to balloon
  out as they dangled, enhanced by gravity. She tightened it until it was slightly
  painful and throbbing, before using my butt as a way to steady herself as she
  rose. She walked around me, and ringed the other side, tightening it up. Once
  again, I gave her a "mmpphh!" when I thought she should stop. She tightened
  way past my comfort level to a point in which she was satisfied.  
 As she stood, Sextoy took each cord that connected to the boob rings, and
  pulled them up over my shoulders. There was a small hose over the cord where
  my shoulders went. The cord was led down my back, where she tied them off to
  the ping pong paddles over my butt. Now I understood the hose &ndash; if the
  cord was pulled on without the hose in place, it would bind and chafe on my
  shoulders. We wouldn't want that &ndash; comfort is the primary goal as my
  breasts and hair is yanked while I'm being paddled.  
 Sextoy stood back and pondered. "Let's see &ndash; I still have some time...What
  else could I do? I hope you realize this wouldn't be happening to you if you
  weren't such a fickle and wonton wench. *sigh* You put me into possibly getting
  punished, and I can't have that." I knew it was true. If I had only begged
  for the ass-filling sex before, it would have been done and over. 
 Sextoy read aloud as she wrote on my back with a dark marker "Please!! Someone!!
  Spank me 'till my butt is red, then fuck me up the ass!! Please!! I need it
  bad!!" I cringed and whimpered. There was nothing that I could do about that
  showing. She continued on my butt, making a small ring on each butt-cheek,
  labeling it "10 pts", a medium ring as "5 pts" and a large ring as "2 pts". 
 As she stood back, the men came back in. They walked around me, laughing
  at all of the bondage, the writing, and humiliating posture with my face staring
  at a picture of me in bondage, and my plugged butt held high in the air. The
  camera was soon out and flashing pictures. I wanted to crawl away and hide
  somewhere, but I the most movement I could do was grasp at thin air. 
 At this, Sextoy was taken away, and congratulated on a job well done. My
  love unlocked the butt plug, and slowly removed it from my ass.  
 He picked up a paddle, and just bust out laughing at the scoring rings marked
  around my butt. "Seems like I'm up for a new game!" He called out.  
 Whack came the paddle right on my butt. Even though he hit my outstretched
  butt cheek, my bonds held me firm &ndash; I was barely able to flinch. My cry
  of surprise was muffled to barely a murmur by the gag. 
 My love wound up, and smacked the other side. I screamed out again. My Love's
  only response was "What was that Miss Vader?", and whacking me again. I couldn't
  even lower my butt; I was forced to present it to him in what is apparently
  a most inviting manner! The blows just kept falling &ndash; there was no way
  I could keep track. My pleas for leniency, muffled beyond all recognition,
  quickly degraded into sobs and whimpers. I think they only served to spurred
  him on more.  
 Once my buns were sufficiently toasted, he finally stopped with the assault.
  My ass still felt like it was on fire! I was sure I would be sore back there
  for days!  
 Then I felt the tip of My Love's penis starting to probe around my anal
  sphincter. True to his word, I knew that I was to be used as a sex object &ndash; a
  masturbation toy only for his pleasure. The tip went in an inch or two, then
  out by about half. In a bit more, and out by about half. I was glad to be so
  stretched from the enormous plug, but I was still so sore! His stiff penis
  went in more and more, until I finally felt his hips smack against my reddened
  butt.  
 He started to get his rhythm going. I could do nothing to alter it &ndash; I
  couldn't slide back and forth or urge him on if I had wanted to; he was in
  total control, and we both knew it. After a few "in-and-outs", he picked up
  the paddles. Using them as handles, he gave a test tug.  
 I let out a "mmmpphh!!" as my hair was pulled down by one cord, and my breast
  rings were pulled up by another. As my hair was pulled back, my neck collar
  prevented me from even tilting back to relieve the strain &ndash; I was quite
  secured. My Love moaned "Oh yeah..." and started rhymically tugging. Every
  few seconds, my hair would be yanked, breasts tugged, and I would get an ass
  full of excited penis! What was in it for me? Nothing &ndash; I was only a
  sex object to be used at My Love's whim. My needs were clearly not the priority &ndash; this
  was all about My Love, and he sure seemed to enjoy it! 
 His penis rammed in and out, in and out, smacking my poor butt with his
  hips. I felt relieved when his breathing became ragged &ndash; he would soon
  orgasm, an my humiliation would be over. 
 Little did I realize what he would do &ndash; He pulled on the handles to
  drive his penis into my butt as far as it would go, practically ripping my
  boobs off in the doing! He kept holding it there as he spasmed, shooting loads
  of warm cum up my butt. 
 I heard applause from the doorway. I had spectators to this humiliation?
  Doubtless one of them had a videocamera &ndash; soon thousands across internet-land
  would be privy to my anal orgy. I cringed &ndash; there was nothing I could
  do about it. Would some of my co-workers see it? Maybe a neighbor or five.
  Who knows? 
 My Love pulled out, and slipped in a modest-sized rigid metal butt-plug
  in its place. I felt fingers at my frontal folds. Could it be? Would I actually
  get an orgasm? The fingers twiddled back and forth. I tried rubbing against
  them, but I was held firm. They teased me, getting me more and more excited
  as my juices started to flow. The fingers started twiddling just the right
  parts, and set up a rhythm with such a lovely tempo, and a tune to die for.
  I felt release coming...Oh yes! Oh yes! Hey! The fingers suddenly withdrew,
  and two small balls were being stuffed into my hole. My love explained "These
  are ben-wa balls. They'll move inside of you as you do, and keep you wonderfully
  excited all day. Isn't that wonderful?"  
 My mind exploded. Wonderful? What? An orgasm right now would be wonderful!
  Getting teased some more is so freakin' frustrating! I just had to get some! 
 My Love released the put a wide metal strap on the back of my waist, and
  looped it up to the front. Not that I could look at it, but this must be my
  new chastity belt! Someone disconnected the cable holding my butt up, and I
  felt a cable run from the back of the belt over the butt-plug. Connected to
  the bottom of the cable, a frontal shield come up over the two balls, holding
  them securely inside. The sound of a "Click" rang through my ears &ndash; I
  was locked in for as long as they wanted me to be. 
 Andy, Master, and My Love released my bonds bit by bit. Andy suggested that
  I walk a bit in the belt to make sure that the fit was OK. I stretched my aching
  muscles, and achingly got to my feet.  
 My Love told me "That was wonderful Wench. I really enjoyed myself, and
  feel satisfied. How are you?"  
 I looked at him pleadingly "My Love? Can I have an orgasm? Please?" 
 I got only laughter in response. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bracemaiden


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





