BDSM Library - Alison's Story




Alison's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mature, respectable young mother reflects on her youth, when as a firebrand feminist she is taunted into becoming submissive.Alison's story.   
   
Chapter 1    
I can't believe that I am actually writing
    this down after so many years. I am now a &lsquo;respectable' married woman
    of 38. Happily married to John, with two lovely kids, mortgage, the works.
    Sixteen years ago I was a newly qualified secondary school teacher. I had
    left college with an overdraft and no job. Worse than that, I had no where
    to live. That's where John helped out.   
We had been together for over a year,
    and things were going well. I had met all of his friend, and generally got
    on well with them. Especially Sally, we always seemed to hit it off. Sally
    had a boyfriend, Alan. They lived together in a large flat above a tailor's
    shop. The flat was really two flats, on two floors, and they had talked of
    getting someone in to rent the first floor, while they stayed on the top
    one.   
When I found myself with nowhere to live,
    John asked them if they would consider splitting the flat. They agreed, and
    so I had found my place to live. The next thing was to find a job ! Alan
    was able to help with this, as he was a teacher at a local comprehensive,
    and had been there for about four years. He had a quick word with the head,
    and I was installed as the new junior English teacher.   
At first everything was great. I had a
    fine time spending my new salary on furniture and fittings. I got on well
    with Sally, and we had lots of girly nights in drinking wine while John and
    Alan went out to the pub.   
I should say something about Alan at this
    point. He was 26, the same age as John, about six feet tall, very dark hair,
    brown eyes and slim build. He and John had been at school together and were
    really close mates. I had never actually had any kind of argument with him,
    but I always felt uncomfortable alone with him. He gave off the impression
    that he thought women were beneath him. Now in those days, I was a very &lsquo;right
    on' feminist, and so his attitude really irritated me. I suspect that he
    knew this, and played on it. He was the kind of guy who liked to get a reaction.
    He was also the kind of guy who made you feel that he was undressing you
    with his eyes, something else I hated ! I could really have done without
    him, but he was John's best friend, and my new land lord, and so I put up
    with him   
Though I say so myself, I was a bit of
    a looker in those days. Although I am only five foot three inches, I had
    long dark brown hair, which almost reached my hips, 34B boobs, and a tight
    arse, which John always said was my best feature. I liked to dress in stylish
    clothes for work, which always got the attention of the 14 and 15 year olds
    I was teaching, and when at home I would generally slop around in jeans and
    t-shirt.   
One evening I was up at Sally's place,
    and we were getting very drunk! She told me of a friend of hers, Lin, who
    had gone away with her boyfriend Keith for a week at a county cottage. I
    knew Lin, or so I thought, and so I was stunned when she told me of the kind
    of activities they were planning on getting up to. &ldquo;Lin likes to be
    dominated&rdquo; Sally said. &ldquo;What do you mean?&rdquo; I asked. &ldquo;Well,
    she likes to be completely dominated. I mean totally. All week. She has to
    do what ever Keith says, the moment he says it. If she doesn't, he spanks
    her. He's made her do the most humiliating things in the past, like go to
    a pub and deliberately let some man see her boobs. On one occasion he made
    her wear a really short skirt, and no knickers. Then he made her go to the
    supermarket and keep bending over for things on the bottom shelf. God knows
    how many blokes had a look at her snatch that day. She said she absolutely
    loved it !&rdquo;   
I was stunned! &ldquo;But Lin isn't into
    anything like that&rdquo; I protested, &ldquo;She wouldn't let a man treat
    her like that, she's got too much pride as a woman !&rdquo;   
&ldquo;That's what I said to her&rdquo; Sally
    replied, &ldquo;But she said that it was really exciting not knowing what
    she was going to have to do next. She said that she is always on the verge
    of a huge orgasm whenever she and Keith play their game. And she said I shouldn't
    knock anything until I've tried it !&rdquo;   
We talked about this for ages afterwards,
    on the sort of things we would imagine them doing. Then we talked about the
    sort of things we would hate to be made to do. Of course, what we were really
    talking about was the sort of things we would secretly love to be made to
    do. I realised this when I went to the loo and found that my pussy was absolutely
    soaking. I hadn't been that randy in years ! John and Alan came back from
    the pub soon after, and we made our way to our own beds. John got the shag
    of his life that night, and even now, after we have been married for ten
    years, he still mentions it. He has no idea why I was so hot that night,
    or what was to happen over the next few months !   
Two weeks later, John dropped a bombshell
    ! His company was starting a new operation in Australia, and as a junior
    manager, he was going to have to work there for six months. I was furious
    ! &ldquo;Can't they send someone else? Why you?&rdquo; I yelled. &ldquo;Yes
    they could send someone else&rdquo;, he said, &ldquo;But my career would
    be finished. If I can't do this, then I've no chance of promotion, now or
    in the future. I'll be pushing bits of paper around for the next few years
    until they find a reason to make me redundant.&rdquo; He said. We argued
    for hours, but he eventually made it clear that he was going, and if I wasn't
    prepared to support him then he would go it alone. Reluctantly, I agreed.
    I loved him, and didn't want to lose him.   
A short time later, John went to Australia.
    It wasn't until after he had gone that I realised how much I was going to
    miss him, and how much I loved him. I was all for leaving my job and going
    over there, but he said no, he was moving around too much and we wouldn't
    see anything of each other anyway. I was stuck !   
Sally and Alan proved to be great friends
    during the first few weeks after John went. They spent a lot of time with
    me, and we got drunk a lot. I even began to soften my opinion of Alan ! one
    night, as we were putting away a few more bottles of red wine Alan mentioned
    Keith and Lin. I looked quickly to Sally, and we both grinned ! What I didn't
    know was that Alan had seen this.   
An hour or so later, and Sally was well
    and truly hammered ! As she started to fall asleep in the chair, Alan carried
    her upstairs and put her to bed, and then came down for some more drink.
    We talked about nothing much for a while and then he said &ldquo;So you know
    all about Keith and Lin's game then Alison?&rdquo; I was pretty drunk myself
    by this time, and said &ldquo;yes, and it all sounds a bit stupid to me.
    I mean, what's the big deal in letting some man make a complete fool of you,
    and then tell all his mates? I'm assuming that all you blokes know about
    it ?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Oh yes, we know ! Keith makes a
    point of telling us everything he gets Lin to do. We even suggest things
    for him. Last month we suggested that he take Lin shopping for underwear,
    but when she went into the changing room to try them on, she would have to
    leave the door slightly open, so that anyone passing could see in. And guess
    what I saw when I went shopping last weekend?&rdquo; He said with a smile. &ldquo;Surprise
    me&rdquo; I said coldly, &ldquo;Lin stripping and flashing all her bits for
    all to see, changing room door open by about a foot ! She drew quite a crowd
    I can tell you. Nice tits !&rdquo;   
&ldquo;I think you're sick, and Keith
    is the sickest.&rdquo; I said.   
&ldquo;Yes, I knew you wouldn't like the
    idea. It's too much of a challenge for you isn't it?&rdquo; He said.   
&ldquo;What do you mean &lsquo;challenge'?&rdquo; I
    said, &ldquo;Where is the challenge in letting some man control you completely,
    humiliate you, make you do the most degrading stuff. Where is the challenge?&rdquo; I
    was getting pretty angry about it all by now, but Alan just sat calmly, smiling
    a little smile, infuriating me further!   
&ldquo;Well let me put it like this&rdquo;,
    he said, a patronising tone in his voice. &ldquo;Lin really enjoys herself.
    She really gets off on it. She knows that we all know, but the unspoken rule
    is that we never mention it in front of her. That way she can have her fun,
    so can we, no-one gets hurt, and no-one thinks any less of her for it. In
    fact, she's being really masculine about sex, none of this emotional shit,
    she just sees it as a way of having a good time. And she knows Keith loves
    her to death. He wont even look at another woman, and she knows that too.
    But you couldn't cope with something like that. You have to be in control
    all the time, and the stupid thing is that you think we all respect you for
    it ! You're a real little tight arse, Alison, you think you can do anything,
    but you couldn't cope with grown up stuff the way Lin does. That's why I
    said it would be too much of a challenge for you. Admit it, you couldn't
    give up control of your life for a second, never mind a whole week. You just
    don't have the nerve or the maturity for it&rdquo;.   
By now I was very drunk and very angry.
    Now the drink began to talk.   
&ldquo;Of course I could do it&rdquo; I
    said, &ldquo;I could easily let myself be controlled, there would be nothing
    to it.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Prove it&rdquo;   
&ldquo;What?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Go on, prove it. You're always
    saying that there's nothing you can't do, well I'm calling you on it ! Prove
    to me that you could cope with not being in control for once in your tight-arsed
    life.&rdquo;   
&ldquo;OK, so how do I go about proving
    it idiot!, in case you hadn't noticed, John is 10,000 miles away. Who do
    you suggest I get in as my Svengali? You?&rdquo; This last was said with
    so much sarcasm, even he couldn't miss it.   
&ldquo;I wouldn't want to be bothered
    with you&rdquo; he said, smiling &ldquo;like I said, you wouldn't be able
    to do it, you'd cry off or something&rdquo;   
As if in a dream I heard myself saying &ldquo;I
    could cope with anything you could come up with, and more besides. You think
    Lin is so cool because she lets herself be played with by all of you, but
    I could easily do that too&rdquo;   
&ldquo;OK&rdquo; he said, &ldquo;Like
    I said &ndash; prove it&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Right&rdquo;, I said, &ldquo;Try
    me !&rdquo; I had seriously underestimated how drunk I was, I was in a towering
    rage, and I wasn't going to let this smug bastard get the better of me, or
    so I thought ! The idea of playing with him appealed to me. I would let him
    think he was controlling me, and then at the vital moment I would pull the
    plug on his little scheme. I was also enjoying the sexual tension in the
    room, which was so thick you could have cut it with a knife.   
&ldquo;Right then. Show me your tits&rdquo; he
    said, still with that thin, patronising smile on his face.   
I knew he was trying to provoke me, to
    make me refuse to play along, so that he could smile triumphantly and say &quot;I
    told you so&quot;. I wasn't going to let him win so easily. I was going to
    prove to him that Lin was probably playing a game, and on her terms, not
    Keith's or any of his seedy mates.&ldquo;Is that the best you can come up
    with?&rdquo; I taunted, as I stood up, staggering slightly as I did so. I
    pulled my T-shirt up and off over my head, threw it onto the floor and stood
    in front of him, hands on hips, triumphant !   
He laughed !, the bastard. He just sat
    there and laughed !   
&ldquo;What's so funny?&rdquo; I yelled.   
&ldquo;I've seen lots of bras, Alison.
    I said show me your tits!&rdquo;.   
Without thinking, I unhooked my bra, took
    it off, dropped it onto the floor next to my T-shirt and stood there just
    three feet in front of him. His expression didn't change, he didn't move.
    I was ready to kill him ! I shook my tits from side to side, cupped them
    in my hands and squeezed my nipples at him.   
&ldquo;Is this good enough for you then&rdquo; I
    said.   
&ldquo;That's nothing&rdquo;, he said, &ldquo;I've
    seen Lin do much more than that! You'll have to do a lot more to convince
    me that you could handle as much as she does. Much more in fact ! Are you
    ready to convince me that you could do that Alison?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Go on then&rdquo;, I said. I was
    seething. There was no way I was going to let him win, whatever it took,
    I would do. I was more drunk than I could ever remember being, and the drink
    had removed any inhibitions I might have had.   
&ldquo;What colour knickers have you got
    on?&rdquo;, he said, still calm, still smiling.   
&ldquo;White&rdquo; I said.   
&ldquo;Show me. Take your jeans off.&rdquo;   
I didn't stop to think, didn't hesitate.
    I unzipped my jeans, opened the button, and eased them down my thighs. I
    left them bunched just above my knees.   
&ldquo;That's no good&rdquo; he said, &ldquo;I
    said take them off. You'll have to learn to do exactly what you are told
    if you're going to do this properly&rdquo;   
I was now burning with anger, and determined
    to show him that just because I did 'what I was told', I was still in charge.
    Telling myself that I was setting the rules, and that I could stop this nonsense
    at any minute, I sat down, took off my trainers and socks, then removed my
    jeans and stood up in front of him, this time moving a little closer. He
    looked me up and down, like I was a peice of meat. He told me to turn around
    slowly so that he could get a good look at me. He told me to swing my tits
    again, then turn around and bend over to touch my toes. I knew he was having
    a good look at me, but I didn't care. I had shown him I couldn't be intimidated,
    and now I was up for it ! I was standing in front of him in just my knickers,
    bent over, with my legs slightly apart, while he ran his eyes over every
    part of me. I curious feeling came over me, I was enjoying myself! I realised
    with a shock that I had become very turned on, I could feel my pussy getting
    moist. I was suddenly aware of how long it had been since I'd last had sex.
    It had been over a month, and in that time I'd only brought myself off a
    couple of times. I remembered that whilst I'd been touching myself, I had
    been fantasising about being dominated, like Lin. I had imagined doing the
    things I knew she'd been told to do, like letting complete strangers look
    up my skirt, or being spanked by some Headmaster figure.   
&ldquo;Stand up&quot;, he said. I stood
    and faced him eye to eye. &quot;I think you're enjoying this&rdquo;, he said.
    I said nothing. &ldquo;Well, are you ?&rdquo;   
Still drunk and angry, but now also very
    aroused, I couldn't help myself. &ldquo;Yes&rdquo; I said.   
&ldquo;Tell me how much you are enjoying
    this. Tell me how you like being made to strip in front of me, being made
    to show yourself off to me. Tell me how turned on you are by all this.&rdquo;   
I could feel my pussy throbbing, I looked
    down and saw my nipples like bullets, my heart was beating fast. I was like
    a bitch in heat. I didn't need to tell him how turned on I was, it was blatantly
    obvious! &ldquo;You're right, I am enjoying this, I am getting turned on.
    Are you happy now?&quot; The truth was that I had never felt so aroused or
    excited. I was thrilled to be showing myself off to this arrogant bastard.
    But I still felt like I was in control. His next words almost made me groan
    out loud.   
&ldquo;I bet you'd like to take your knickers
    off and show me the rest, wouldn't you? I bet you love the idea of standing
    in front of me and just peeling them down. Look at the way you jiggled your
    tits for me, I bet you'd love to go the rest of the way, wouldn't you? Answer
    me!, wouldn't you like to be completely naked in front of me right now Alison?&rdquo;   
Part of my brain was yelling at me to
    get out of there, but I was too drunk, and by now too randy to hear it !
    I desperately wanted some relief. He had planted the idea in my head that
    what I wanted to do most was to stand in front of him stark naked! The thought
    of him seeing all of me was, at that moment, the most exciting thing I'd
    ever known. I took a deep breath to steady my nerves, and said &ldquo;Would
    you like me to take my knickers off Alan?&rdquo;   
His expression didn't change. I'd expected
    him to show at least some interest! By now I was breathing so fast I was
    pacticaly panting! He leaned back in his chair, looked at me over the rim
    of his wine glass and said &quot;I couldn't give a fuck Alison, what do you
    want to do?&quot;   
I gulped. I wasn't expecting this total
    indifference. Some how the positions had changed. I had started out playing
    with him, now he was playing with me, teasing me, goading me. I couldn't
    take any more. I wanted to strip for him. Of course I could just have gone
    ahead and done it, but it had become important to me that he wanted me to
    do it. I wanted him to want me. To my amazement I heard myself say &ldquo;I'd
    like to take my knickers off for you Alan&rdquo;.   
&quot;Yes, I bet you would&quot;, he said. &quot;Trouble
    is Alison, its getting late and I really don't know if I can be bothered
    ! And besides, what about Sally and John? How would they feel about you dropping
    your knickers?&quot;   
&quot;They wouldn't know&quot; I said
    hurredly, &quot;I wouldn't tell, and neither would you. It would just be
    our secret!&quot; I tried to sound seductive, but it came out sounding desperate!   
&quot;I really don't think I'm that bothered
    Alison. Perhaps if you were to ask me nicely, I might stay and let you show
    me what you've got. But to be honest with you, if I wanted to see a nice
    pussy, I could always have a look at Sally's right now, or wait and see Lin's
    !&quot;   
Now I was becoming desperate ! Without
    thinking, I blurted out &quot;I've got a nice pussy! Really, I have! It's
    at least as nice as Sally's or Lin's, and I've got a really nice bottom!
    You could see them now Alan. You could look at my pussy and my bum, you could
    do anything you want to me, anything at all. Everyone says I've got a really
    nice bum. You can see me naked now, Alan, without having to leave the room.
    Just take a seat and let me show you all I've got. I know you'll like me
    Alan, I promise!&quot; I couldn't believe I had said all of that, but the
    truth was that I was now consumed with the need to undress for Alan. I was
    determined that he would see me naked, and so here I was practically begging
    to strip for him.   
&quot;Well, if you want me to stay, you'll
    have to ask a lot nicer than that! Say please!&quot; he sneered.   
I summoned up my most seductive voice,
    pouted my lips and said &ldquo;Please Alan, please can I take my knickers
    off and show you my hot pussy?&rdquo; I had shocked myself. I had never spoken
    to anyone like this, not even John. Now here I was, naked except for a small
    pair of white knickers, in front of a man I didn't like, shaking my tits
    for him, bending over for him, turning around for him, getting hotter and
    hotter. And I had just begged him if I could take my knickers off and show
    him my most intimate place ! I felt humiliated and gloriously sexy. Something
    had changed. Now I was no longer in control, and I was brought almost to
    the point of orgasm by his indifference. I no longer wanted to teach him
    a lesson, I wanted to be controlled by this horrible man. I wanted him to
    shame me. I wanted to please him.   
His next words stunned me. &ldquo;No,
    Alison. I don't think I want to see your pussy tonight. You didn't ask nicely
    enough&rdquo;. He made as if to stand up. I was seized by desperation. He
    couldn't leave!   
&ldquo;Please Alan, I'm sorry I didn't
    ask nicely enough. I'd really like to show you my body. I know you'd like
    it, no-one will ever know, and I so much want you to see me, want you to
    see my pussy. Please let me show you Alan, it's really nice, I promise.&rdquo;   
I was whining, begging like a small child.
    All that mattered to me was that Alan saw me in all my glory! I had never
    wanted to please a man as much as I did now. I saw him stop, as if in thought.   
&ldquo;And when I've seen you Alison,
    what then. When you've shown me your tight little arse, and your hot little
    pussy, what then? What will you do for me?&rdquo;   
&ldquo;Anything !&quot; I said breathlessly, &quot;Oh
    Alan, I'll do anything for you, I promise I will, just say what you want
    me to do and I'll do it right away. You can do anything you want to me, I
    promise, please Alan&rdquo;.   
I was completely gone. Lots of red wine,
    a few weeks without sex, a little bit of anger, and here I was begging this
    man to do me the honour of letting me show him my most secret places. I was
    promising him anything in return for this &lsquo;honour', and I meant it
    ! I was more aroused than I had ever been in my life. He was the most important
    thing in the world at that moment. I would have done anything to please him.   
&ldquo;Alright then Alison, I'll let you
    show me your pussy. When I've seen it I want you to give me the best blow
    job you've ever given in your life, is that clear?&quot;   
&quot;Oh yes Alan!, I'll give you the
    best blow job you've ever had. I'll do anything you want, I promise you,
    You wont regret it, I promise.&quot; I was babbling now! I would have promised
    him anything at that moment, even oral sex, which I hated doing !   
&quot;Right, then, get on with it!&quot; he
    commanded.   
He sat down again, in my arm chair, in
    my living room, drinking my wine, while I stood just a short distance in
    front of him. I drew another deep breath, hooked my thumbs into the waist
    band of my knickers, and slowly pushed them down over my hips. I felt like
    the sexiest woman in the world. I was going to show my pussy to Alan, the
    centre of my universe! I was looking into his eyes, waiting for his reaction.
    I felt the top of my pubic bush spring up over the top of my knickers. I
    pushed my knickers down further, and felt cool air touch my aching labia.
    I let them slip down my legs to the floor, kicked them off, and then stood
    in front of him with my legs slightly apart. From where he was sitting I
    knew that he could see right the way along my labia. I could feel the air
    on my clit, and knew that he could see this too. I kept looking into his
    eyes, which were looking at my pussy. I could have come right there and then.   
He stood up and moved towards me. I was
    trembling with nerves and excitement. Slowly, he reached out and cupped my
    left breast, running his thumb over the very tip of my nipple. I gasped with
    pleasure, and almost came on the spot! He walked around and stood behind
    me. I could feel his gaze on my naked skin. He placed his hands on my hips
    and then ran his hands down over the cheeks of my bottom. He moved close
    to me, I could feel his hot breath on my neck. His right hand now slipped
    over my hips and ran around to my belly. Very slowly, his hand began to decend
    towards my now sopping pussy. I felt his fingers slide into my bush. I leant
    back against him, his left hand snaked around and began to tease my nipple.
    I opened my legs slightly, and pushed my pelvis forward as his fingers inched
    their way towards my most secret place. My skin felt as though it was on
    fire ! His cool, slim fingers gently touched the lips of my labia causing
    me to groan out loud and breathe almost inaudibly &quot;Yes, oh yes!&quot;.
    One of his fingers slipped between my lips. I could feel how wet I was down
    there. I could smell my own sex! His finger entered me and my knees almost
    gave way ! Then his finger travelled along my aching slit and touched the
    very tip of my clit. Bolts of pleasure shot through me like electricity,
    I was wimpering and pushing my pelvis forward onto his finger. I was so close
    to climax, and was lost in the delicious sensations he was producing in me.   
And then he stopped and walked away from
    me! I was so surprised by this that I almost fell over backwards as he moved
    away! I turned to him with a puzzled look on my face, but before I could
    ask him why he had stopped he picked up his wine glass, emptied it in one
    and dismissed me with a gesture.   
&ldquo;Not bad Alison,but I've seen better,
    and you've got all that horrible hair all over it. I don't think I'll bother
    with the blow job, the sight of that fucking bush has put me right off !&rdquo;   
I was crushed. He had led me to a place
    I had never though to go. I had been desperate for him to look at me, had
    begged him to do so. I had felt sure he would like me, would enjoy the show,
    and now this. I had been left teetering on the brink of an enormous orgasm.
    My desperation and sorrow grew. Something in my brain told me that I had
    to please him. I started to cry with frustration.   
&ldquo;Please Alan, don't be cruel to
    me. Let me please you, let me give you that blow job, you don't have to look
    at my pussy again, I promise. Just give me one more chance, I wont disappoint
    you Alan, please, please&rdquo;. I had been reduced to a pathetic, whining
    child. I was on my knees, stark naked in my own home in front of this man.
    I had stripped and humiliated myself for him, and now I wanted more than
    anything in the world to please him further. Without speaking he undid his
    trousers and pushed them to his knees. His knob was hanging limply to one
    side. I was saddened further. All that I had done for him and he didn't even
    have an errection!   
I crawled over to him on my hands and
    knees. I took his member between my right thumb and fore finger and closed
    my lips around the head. I savoured the warmth and smoothness it, swirling
    my tongue around it and sucking gently. My left hand caressed his balls,
    stroking and tickling. My right hand closed around his shaft and I began
    gentle up and down movements. He groaned slightly, and I felt triumph, he
    was swelling in my mouth!   
Within a few moments his member was hard
    and throbbing in my mouth. I continued to stroke his shaft up and down, tickling
    his heavy balls all the time. I swirled my tongue over his glans, and tasted
    pre cum on the tip. I was in love with his knob. It was beautiful, it was
    hard, it proved I had affected him. I wanted him to come in my mouth, I wanted
    to taste him.   
&ldquo;Stop&rdquo;.   
I looked up stunned. &ldquo;But you haven't
    come yet!&rdquo; I protested. I felt cheated, surely he wouldn't take it
    away from me. He wouldn't be that cruel, surely !   
&ldquo;Get down on your hands and knees&rdquo; he
    said. I immediately did so. He knelt behind me. I felt the tip of his member
    touch the entrance to my still aching pussy. I felt elated, he was going
    to enter me! I arched my back to enable him to enter. And then I felt him
    pushing into me, deeper and deeper. He reached to the very top of my pussy,
    slowly withdrew and then pushed in again. He started to push into me with
    strong steady strokes, gradually increasing in speed but always pushing in
    to the hilt. He reached forward to grab hold of my tits, tweaking the nipples,
    making them harder still. His hands moved down my hips and pulled apart my
    bottom cheeks, exposing my puckered little hole. His fingers played with
    it, teasing and tickling it. One hand reached round and stroked my clit.
    I felt my orgasm building. It felt as though it was starting at my toes and
    rushing through my entire body. I began to fight for breath as the intense
    feeling ripped through me. I reached between my legs and stroked his beautiful,
    heavy balls, and then he was shooting deep into me. It felt like gallons
    of the stuff. I came again, this time collapsing in a sobbing heap after
    he had pulled out of me.   
I drifted off to sleep, more satisfied
    and contented that I had ever been before. When I awoke some time later,
    Alan had gone.   
Chapter 2.   
   
I woke up the following morning with a
    massive hang-over. Good job it was Saturday, no work. It was also the first
    day of a two week school holiday. I remembered this as I climbed out of bed
    and put on my dressing gown. The thought pleased me, two weeks to myself,
    bliss !   
I made my way to the kitchen and put the
    kettle on. I couldn't hear any sounds from upstairs. Alan and Sally must
    be having a lie in I thought. It was then that I began to remember the events
    of the previous night. I felt sick. I ran to the toilet and threw up, retching
    violently. After a few minutes, I composed myself, and made my way to my
    living room. There was the evidence of last night's events. My bra and T-shirt
    thrown on a chair, my socks and trainers in a heap on the floor, my jeans
    discarded also, and finally, my knickers, still on the floor where I had
    kicked them off.   
I picked the items up. When I picked up
    my knickers, I could feel they were still wet from last night. They reeked
    of my sex. I ran to the bathroom, stuffed my clothes in the washing basket,
    and threw up again.   
I sat in silence in my kitchen, trying
    to remember every detail. Finally, I thought I had remembered it all. I ran
    a hot shower, and began to wash every inch of me as though it were contaminated
    with something horrible. No matter how much I washed, I still felt dirty.
    And I had another problem: how was I going to face Sally, my friend and flat
    mate. How was I going to face Alan, who I hated even more now?   
I was half way through some stupid idea
    about running away to Australia, when I saw the short note on the dining
    table. It was in Sally's handwriting, and said simply "Gone down to Cornwall
    for a few days, back Tuesday, hope the hangover isn't too bad ! Love, Sal"   
I heaved a sigh of relief. I wouldn't
    see either of them for a few days. This at least gave me time to get my head
    straight.   
Over the next few hours I kept going over
    the events of Friday night. I wondered if Alan had put something in my drink
    to make me behave that way, but in my heart I knew he hadn't. He had just
    pressed the right buttons at the right time. Lying in bed that night, picturing
    myself standing in front of him, begging to let me show him my pussy, begging
    him not to leave, to give me one more chance etc., I knew that I had given
    in to some kind of long suppressed need. Half asleep, my hand drifted down
    between my legs, I woke up with a start. My pussy was soaking! I slipped
    a finger between my folds, ran it up to my clit, and gasped as wave after
    wave of pleasure shot through my body. It took less than a minute to reach
    a shattering orgasm. I fell into a blissful sleep.   
I awoke in the middle of the night breathless,
    heart pounding. I had been dreaming of Alan, of surrendering to him completely.
    My pussy was on fire again, I had to have some relief. For the second time
    that night I stroked my clit to a mind blowing climax !   
The next couple of days were much the
    same. I couldn't get Alan out of my mind. When I was in the shower, I imagined
    him watching me, with that patronising smile on his face as he told me which
    parts of my body to wash. I climaxed again. I deliberately walked naked from
    the shower to my bedroom, and imagined him standing there watching me again.
    I was on fire for a man I literally didn't like! I felt like I was losing
    my mind, but it was a delicious kind of insanity ! I had more orgasms that
    weekend than I'd had in the last six months.   
Monday night came. They would be back
    tomorrow. I still had no idea how I was going to face them, face him! I made
    up my mind that I was going to pretend that it had never happened. If I didn't
    mention it, perhaps he wouldn't either. And if he did, I was going to be
    firm. It was a one off, brought on by drink and missing John. There was to
    be no repeat. Ever!   
They arrived back around lunch time. Sally
    popped her head around the kitchen door to say hello. She looked good, in
    fact she looked as if she'd been given a bloody good seeing to ! My thoughts
    immediately went to Alan's cock, and his beautiful heavy balls. I felt a
    tingle in my pussy, and desperately tried to think about anything else !
    I heard Alan's voice from up the stairs calling "Hi Alison". I called back "Hi
    Alan", trying to sound as normal as possible.   
Sally said they were going out for a meal
    that evening, and invited me to come with them. I cried off, saying I'd made
    other arrangements, and she left with a smile. A short time later, Sally
    was back, saying she was going out to get some food things, and did I need
    anything. Again I said no, and I heard the door close behind her. I was alone
    in the flat with Alan ! I sat and waited, expecting him to come to me, but
    he didn't. I had prepared my speech, and wanted to deliver it, but my audience
    didn't show! Sally returned, went upstairs, and I heard music coming from
    their rooms.   
I made a point of being in bed when they
    came back. I didn't want to see him. Their bedroom is directly above mine,
    and a short time after they returned from their meal I heard them moving
    around in their room. It didn't take much imagination to figure out what
    they were doing. Sally and I often joked about the noise she made at critical
    moments during their love-making, but tonight she seemed to be having an
    especially good time! I lay there, confused, envious and randy as hell. When
    Sally reached her climax, I had mine too.   
Wednesday morning, I got up, went to the
    kitchen and made myself a cup of tea. I was lost in my own thoughts when
    there was a knock at the kitchen door. It was Alan.   
"Hi Alison. Have a good weekend?" he said,
    the familiar smile in evidence.   
"Fine thanks, where's Sally?"   
"At work, silly! Only us lucky teachers
    get two weeks off, the rest of the world is back at work!"   
I made up my mind to say my speech. "Look,
    Alan, about Friday night&hellip;"   
"Yeah, you really got into it real quick
    didn't you?!" he said, cutting me off, the smile getting broader.   
"Look, Alan&hellip;"   
"Let me guess, it was a one off, you were
    drunk, you missed John, it's never going to happen again, right?"   
The bastard, he was making this as difficult
    as he possible could. OK, so be it. "That's right" I said, "A one off, best
    forgotten. Lets pretend it never happened, ok?"   
"Except, we both know that you enjoyed
    the experience, don't we?"   
"Look, like I said, I was drunk, I miss
    John, you wound me up. Lets just forget it, right?"   
He smiled, that infuriating smile of his,
    sat himself down at the table like he owned the place, and then said "It
    took me less than an hour to turn you from a hard-line, ball-busting feminist
    who thinks giving a man a blow-job is demeaning, to a subservient little
    bitch who was begging me to allow her to take her knickers off and show me
    her pussy. You even begged me not to leave, pleaded with me to let you give
    me a blow-job, and made so much noise when I screwed you that I thought you'd
    wake the street, let alone Sally. Are you seriously trying to tell me that
    you didn't enjoy it? Come off it, you loved every minute of it"   
"Like I said, I was drunk&hellip;"   
"Tell me that you didn't enjoy it. Tell
    me that you hated begging me, that you never want to do anything like that
    again. Go on, say it"   
I couldn't. The truth was that once I
    had gotten over the shock of having done those things, I had been enjoying
    every moment of re-living that night. I had wanked myself stupid over the
    weekend, and been deeply jealous of Sally the previous night.   
He saw my hesitation. "You can't do it
    can you? Face facts, love, you really got off on that stuff didn't you?"   
"Yes" I mumbled.   
"Didn't hear you"   
"Yes! I enjoyed it, ok. satisfied now?
    But that doesn't mean it will ever happen again, because it won't, right?"   
"I think you want it to happen again.
    I think you enjoyed it so much you'd be prepared to beg all over again. What
    do you say, tight-arse, am I wrong or what?"   
I tried to deny it, but the words wouldn't
    come. He had called my bluff, and it was just that, a bluff. I had never
    enjoyed sex as much as I had on that Friday night, and I couldn't bear the
    thought of never having that high again.   
I tried to negotiate. "Supposing I did
    want it again, what then? There would have to be ground rules, it would have
    to be on my terms. No-one else would be able to know, right?"   
"You mean, you'd only do as you're told
    when it suits you? The rest of the time you'd be back to being a tight-arsed
    feminist? No deal. You want this more than me. You'll do it my way, or not
    at all. Take it or leave it!"   
I was cornered. I tried to reason with
    him. "But please, Alan, I couldn't bear the thought of you all laughing about
    me the way you laugh about Lin. What if John found out? It would destroy
    him. Please, can't we just keep it to ourselves?"   
"No deal. Besides, the lads already know,
    I phoned Neil on Saturday when Sally was in the bath. They'll all know by
    now. I'll get ten out of ten for bagging the tight-arse! As for John, who
    cares? No-one likes him anyway, he's too much of a smart arse. You make a
    good couple, the smart arse and the tight-arse !" He laughed at his own joke.   
I was mortified. They all knew. All of
    John's mates, Neil, Andy, Richard, Paul, Keith ! All having a laugh at John's
    expense. And mine.   
I hung my head in shame. I had lost all
    my dignity, everything I had held dear. I was no longer an equal in their
    group, I was the "Tight-arse" Alan had bagged.   
"So now we've sorted out the 'ground rules',
    Alison. There are none. You'll do as you're told, when you're told, and without
    hesitation or question, right? Any stalling on your part and I'll spank your
    tight little arse, is that clear?"   
"Yes", I mumbled again. I was broken now.
    I had no more resistance left in me. I was his, to do what he wanted with.
    I felt my pussy getting wet again, as a thrill of fear ran through me.   
"I didn't hear you, speak up, bitch"   
"Yes" I repeated.   
"Yes what?"   
"Yes, I'll do what you say".   
"Right, that's settled then" he said,
    as if we were discussing something of no importance at all, rather than my
    complete surrender to him. "Now then, why don't you lose that dressing gown,
    and let me see what I'm getting. No excuses about being drunk this time my
    little tight-arse! It's 9 in the morning, and we're both stone cold sober.
    So lets cut the crap, and let me have a look at the goods!"   
I started to undo the belt of the dressing
    gown, my hands shaking, head bowed. "Stand up and do it, I want to have a
    proper look, tight-arse !"   
"Please stop calling me that, I don't
    like it" I said.   
"I'll call you anything I like, bitch,
    now get that gown off !"   
I stood up, and in the middle of the kitchen,
    I began to nervously untie the belt. I did so slowly, knowing that once I
    took this step, there was no going back.   
"Get a move on" he barked. This made me
    even more nervous, and I fumbled with the knot. Eventually, it was open.
    I took a deep breath and in one swift movement, I opened the gown and let
    it slip off my shoulders to the floor. I stood there in just a pair of knickers
    for his inspection. Instinctively, I folded my arms across my breasts.   
"Get your arms down" he ordered.   
I lowered my arms to my sides, and stood
    head bowed. He stood and walked towards me. As if it were the most natural
    thing in the world, he reached out and fondled my left breast, making the
    nipple harden. "Not bad at all, Alison. You've got quite a nice pair here,
    I can see I'm going to have fun with these !" He reached out and stroked
    the other breast, taking his time, as if he had all the time in the world. "Chin
    up" he commanded. I raised my head. He then walked around me, looking at
    me as though I was some prize piece of meat. I could feel his gaze running
    up my legs, to my bottom and back down again.   
He pulled the waist band of my knickers,
    and let it snap back against my skin, saying "I think its time to lose these,
    don't you?". I nodded dumbly, and once again I found myself hooking my thumbs
    into the waist band of my knickers while standing in front of this arrogant,
    patronising man. This time, I didn't feel eager to lose them at all. I felt
    small and insignificant, and I felt that he was laughing at me all the time
    behind his unmoving smile.   
I pushed my knickers down over my hips,
    and let them fall to the floor. This time I didn't kick them away, but left
    them where they had fallen. He continued to walk slowly around me, appraising
    my naked body. I jumped as I felt his hand cup first one, then the other
    of my buttocks. Then I felt his hand slide between the cheeks just touching
    the lips of my pussy. I gasped half in shock, half in pleasure. His fingers
    were long, and slim and cool on my burning skin.   
He smacked my bare behind, which made
    me squeal in protest, "Better not put on any more pounds here darlin', or
    I'll have to give you an exercise regime!" I could have screamed. I know
    I have very few extra pounds on my body, and I was insulted by his words.
    He then walked round to face me. His eyes fell to my pubic hair. I had remembered
    his words from Friday night, I thought I knew what was coming, some remark
    about 'fucking bushes'. Instead, he reached out, slipped a finger between
    my legs and began to run it along my already wet slit. He slipped his finger
    between my pussy lips and ran it along the entire length of my pussy. He
    reached my clit, and began gentle back and forward movements, causing it
    to harden and poke out from under it's hood. I groaned and began to rock
    my pelvis in time with his finger. I was in ecstacy! I could feel my climax
    beginning and I closed my eyes and put my head back. Suddenly, Alan took
    hold of as much of my pubic hair as he could between thumb and forefinger
    and pulled, hard !   
My pelvis jerked forward instinctively,
    and I cried out. I opened my eyes to see his angry face close to mine. "Get
    rid of this fucking horrible bush, right?&quot; he barked at me, &quot;Do
    it today. Shave it clean and keep it that way. I don't even want to see any
    stubble ok? If I catch you with a sandpaper twat I'll smack your fat arse
    so hard you won't sit for a month. Got it?" Through tears of shame and humiliation,
    I nodded my understanding.   
"Right, now that we understand each other,
    you can get down on your knees and suck me off. Make it good or you fat arse
    will pay for it"   
He dropped his trousers, sat down in a
    chair and leant back, waiting. I dropped to my knees between his thighs and
    took his cock into my mouth. As I had done before, I stroked and tickled
    his balls whilst moving his shaft up and down and swirling my tongue around
    his glans. He obviously hadn't showered because I could smell and taste Sally
    on his cock and balls from last night. For some reason, I found this wildly
    exciting. I tried my best to please him, even pushing my hand underneath
    him so that I could tickle his arse hole. After a few minutes he groaned,
    grabbed hold of my head by the hair and sprayed hot salty jism into my mouth.
    I swallowed as rapidly as I could, not wanting to spill any, but after a
    few spurts, he pulled my head back so that his cock came out of my mouth.
    Stream after stream of hot jism spurted across my face and ran down onto
    my breats.   
Eventually, he subsided. "Not bad for
    a first attempt Alison, but I'm sure you can do better if you really try." I
    stood up. "Where are you going?" He demanded. "I'm going to clean my face" I
    said. "No, I want you to rub it in, rub it all in" he said. A thrill of humiliation
    shot through me like a lightning bolt, as I began to rub his jism into my
    face, down my neck and onto my breasts. "Make sure you rub it into your nipples" he
    commanded, and I did so. On my knees in front of him, I massaged his seed
    into my breasts and nipples, which were now so hard they were painful. "That's
    better", he said, "Fucking hell Alison, you look a right sight, look at yourself".
    I went to a mirror in the hall and almost cried. Stark naked, clitoris clearly
    visible poking out from my labia, my face and chest shining wet from his
    jiz. I looked a complete slut. Alan emerged from the kitchen, zipping up
    his trousers. "Right, get yourself sorted out, and get that bush shaved,
    or else." He slapped my behind again before going upstairs to his own flat,
    leaving me frustrated, standing naked in the hall way.   
I went to my bedroom where once again
    I stroked my clit until I came, this time to an orgasm which left me sobbing
    for what seemed like hours afterwards. I hadn't heard Alan go out, but when
    I emerged, he was nowhere to be found. I was left alone to contemplate how
    my plan to finish this once and for all had gone so badly wrong.   
Chapter 3   
   
I had no idea where Alan had gone, or when he would be back. I showered and
  dressed, then set about cleaning the flat. After a while I heard the front
  door open and heard him return. I was in my bedroom tidying up. He walked in
  without knocking, as though he had every right to do so, sat down on the end
  of my bed and watched me as I moved about the room.  
"Come and stand in front of me", he said. I walked over to him.  
"Lift your skirt up". I lifted my skirt almost to the tops of my thighs.  
"Higher, bitch, get it up." I lifted the skirt high above my waist. He looked
  at me and laughed. "What the fuck are those?" he said, pointing at my poly
  cotton, leopard skin print knickers.  
"They're knickers, what else?" I said.  
"Don't get smart with me bitch" he warned, "They're awful, get rid of them,
  and never let me see you wearing anything so fucking cheap again, right?".  
I nodded. He reached out and took hold of a couple of the stray hairs which
  were escaping around the leg band. He pulled them, making me squeal, "Owww
  !"  
"I thought I told you to get rid of this, why is it still here?"  
I started to whine again, like a small child, "Please, Alan, I haven't had
  time. Please don't make me do that, I really don't want to, I'd feel so uncomfortable.
  Please, Alan, give me a break, please! There's a lot for me to get used to
  here. Just give me a bit of time, I'll do anything else you say, just not that,
  please!".  
He smiled back at me. For a moment I thought he was going to agree, then
  he said, "I told you the rule. You do as you are told, when you are told. If
  you hesitate, or question me, your arse will suffer for it. I told you this
  morning to get that horrible beaver shaved, and you've done nothing about it.
  You've had plenty of time; there's no excuse. I can see I need to teach you
  a lesson. Get over my knee, NOW".  
My heart was beating fast, my brain seemed to have difficulty reacting to
  my situation, I couldn't speak. As if in a trance I moved to the side of him
  and leaned over onto his lap. "I'm going to show you what happens when you
  disobey, you little slut". And with that, I felt my skirt being lifted. Higher
  and higher, until I could feel cool air on the top of my thighs. I felt him
  tucking the hem of my skirt into my waistband, then felt his fingers grasp
  the waist band of my knickers and pull them down, over my bottom, past my hips,
  and down to my knees. I blushed furiously, my skin burning, as he ran his hand
  over my bottom, stroked the inside of my thighs.  
One of his arms was now holding me firmly around my waist. "Not a bad arse,
  Alison. I wonder how it will look after it has been smacked?" I groaned, shame
  flooding through me. "I'm going to give you ten this time, and you're going
  to count them" he said. "If you don't call the number, it doesn't count, understand?".
  I was crying now. "Yes" I sobbed.  
And with that he brought his hand down smartly on my right buttock. I had
  never been spanked before, not even as a child, and the pain caused me to jerk
  up violently. His hand came down again, this time on my left, again causing
  me to buck violently. "You're not counting" Alan, said, clearly enjoying himself.
  The next time his hand fell, I was just able to call out "One!"  
By the time I reached "five", my bottom felt like it was on fire. In between
  smacks I was begging him to stop, but he carried on relentlessly. Finally,
  I managed to count ten smacks, but I must have received about twenty in all,
  because I kept forgetting to count out loud in my misery and discomfort.  
Assuming that the 'lesson' was over, I tried to get up, but he still held
  me firmly, "Stay still, until I tell you to move", he said. I lay across his
  lap, his hand stroking my blazing cheeks. I felt his hand move inside my thighs,
  move up and start to stroke my pussy lips. A jolt of pleasure ran though me,
  followed my a wave of horror &ndash; I was wet !   
"You really do get off on this don't you? You're absolutely soaking, you
  little bitch. I bet if I were to stroke your clit you'd come all over the place,
  wouldn't you?" I could do nothing to hide my shame, or my excitement. "Wait
  till the lads hear about this! To think that little tight arse feminist here
  gets off on having her arse smacked! Who'd have thought !!"  
I squirmed away from him "Please, no, don't tell them, they don't need to
  know, please Alan, no, I'm begging you, don't make me look stupid in front
  of them. I've done everything you've told me to do, don't tell them, please
  !"  
I should have known better.  
"If you don't shut up winging, I'll give you another ten, and invite them
  round to watch. Now shut up, and go and stand in the corner facing the wall,
  like a naughty little girl."  
I was now completely broken. It had taken just a few short days for me to
  change from being a strong, independent woman, to Alan's toy, his plaything.
  His to do whatever he wanted to. I stood in the corner, face into the wall,
  hands on my head while he sat and admired his handy work. My skirt was still
  tucked up, my knickers around my knees, my bright red bottom on display for
  him, and my clit throbbing madly.  
After about half an hour, I was allowed to re-arrange my clothes, and stood
  in front of my torturer again.  
"Now, the next time I tell you to do something, perhaps you will pay attention.
  Have you learned your lesson, bitch?"  
"Yes, Alan, I'm sorry". I still can't believe that I was apologising to him,
  after all he had done to me, but by now I was so under his control, I didn't
  care anymore.  
"Are you going to do as you are told I future?"  
"Yes Alan, I promise"  
"Then you know what you have to do tonight then don't you?"  
I nodded.  
"Say it then!"  
"Shave my pussy", I mumbled.  
"Right, so get on with it. I'm going out with the lads tonight, I'll be back
  late. Be in my living room at ten o'clock sharp tomorrow morning for an inspection,
  and if there are any spiders legs crawling out of your knickers you're going
  to get a right hiding, understand?"  
"Yes" I said. He reached out with both hands and mauled my breasts, pinching
  the nipples until I cried out. The he laughed to himself, and left. I fell
  onto my bed and cried. Why couldn't I break out of this, why was I allowing
  myself to be shamed, abused, humiliated and used by this horrible bastard?
  I answered my own question, as I slipped my hand into my knickers, found my
  aching clit, and brought myself to yet another climax.  
Some hours later, I was still on my bed, sobbing to myself, when I heard
  Sally come home from work. I could hear them laughing and joking together,
  obviously enjoying each other's company. Then I heard Alan, and then Sally
  leave. Both out for a good time, I thought. Then I thought of Alan telling
  his crowd of friends about this afternoon. About how he had spanked and humiliated
  me, about how I had gotten wet. I began to cry again. Would he really invite
  them over to watch if I didn't 'behave' myself? The thought horrified me, but
  at the same time I felt the now familiar throbbing of my clit. Did I really
  want him to do that? How far was I prepared to go on this roller coaster ride
  that had already seen me do so many things I would never have dreamed I could
  do?  
I dragged my self out of bed, and set off for the bathroom. I had never liked
  the idea of shaving my pubes, even though John had asked me to on several occasions.
  To me it seemed a demeaning thing to do for a woman. Making herself into something
  she was not, just to please a chauvinist, misogynist bastard. And now I was
  about to do exactly that, just to please a chauvinist, misogynist bastard !  
I locked the bathroom door, and undressed. There was a can of Alan's shaving
  cream in the cabinet, and I squirted some onto my hand, and then worked it
  into my pubes. I took the razor, and after several deep breaths, I set to work.
  I was surprised how easy it was, and how quickly I transformed myself. I found
  a small hand mirror, and squatted over it so that I could get every hair between
  my legs. When I was sure that I was completely done, I showered and headed
  back to my bedroom.  
I rubbed moisturiser into my newly shaven skin. I used to do this when I
  shaved my underarms, and so it seemed the natural thing to do. When I looked
  in the mirror I was intrigued. I looked like a little girl again ! But I most
  certainly didn't feel like one! I ran my finger along my slit, enjoying the
  new sensations. I stood there in front of the mirror, gently masaging my pussy,
  eyes closed, fantasising about Alan. When I opened my eyes, I got the shock
  of my life ! I was visibly aroused. My lips were swollen and my clit was erect,
  jutting out from under it's hood. I ran to my bedroom, and colapsed onto the
  bed. I spread my legs as wide as I could, and stroked my pussy, slowly, gently.
  Sometimes inserting a finger, or two fingers, other times just stroking my
  clit. When my orgasm came I clamped my legs together, clutching my hand which
  was pressed hard against my lips. I curled into a ball and drifted off into
  a blissful sleep.  
Chapter 4   
   
I woke up to the sound of the phone ringing. I switched on the bedside lamp
  and looked at the clock, 5.45 AM. I leapt out of bed, grabbed a dressing gown
  and dashed to the phone. It was John. "Hi love!, how are you?". His voice sounded
  distant, but then he was 10,000 miles away !  
"I'm fine my love, how are you?"  
"Well", he said, "I have some good news, some great news, and some bad news
  !".  
"OK, give me them in that order then !" I said.  
"First the good news, I'm coming home early. I'll be back for good at the
  end of July ! Now the great news, I'm being promoted to assistant manager!".
  He sounded on top of the world. If he only knew what I'd been doing with his
  best friend in his absence. "That's fantastic love, brilliant !, what's the
  bad news?"  
"The bad news is that if I take up this promotion, we'll have to move. The
  job is in Kent. I know you've just got settled Ali, but this is a good move
  for us. The job will even pay our rent for the first six months, we can't lose.
  What do you say, will you come with me?"  
My answer cane out in a rush, "Of course I'll come with you, I love you,
  you idiot! This is what we've wanted for so long, and I'll find another job
  soon enough. But what about you? All your friends are here, won't it be hard
  to leave them?"  
"To be honest love, they're not really friends at all. I know we go out drinking
  with them and that, but since I've been out here, not one of them have phoned
  or written. Not even Alan. Its like I just dropped of the planet as far as
  they are concerned." I immediately thought of Alan's words, "no-one likes him,
  he's too much of a smart arse".  
"Well if you're sure, John, then yes, lets go. When do you start?"  
"Mid July. I've just got off the phone with the boss, and he wants me as
  soon as I can wrap up here. That's why I phoned you at such a stupid time,
  I just had to tell you ! So you're really ok with this then?"  
"I'm better than ok! I start back at work on Monday, I'll hand in my notice
  then. Just think, only one more term to go, and then we'll be together for
  good. Now I want you to go out and have a few beers to celebrate. I'll join
  you with a cup of tea here ! Bye, love, speak to you soon."  
I put the phone down and made my way to the kitchen. I had just been handed
  my escape route! By the end of July, I would be over two hundred miles away
  from Alan. And from the way John was talking, we'd never see or hear from him
  again! I looked at the clock, ten past six! It was ridiculously early, but
  I knew if I went back to bed, I wouldn't sleep, so I just sat and let my mind
  wander, drinking tea.  
After a while it hit me. I was going to miss Alan. In just a few days, I
  had experienced sexual highs I didn't know existed. Just the thought of the
  things I'd done brought a warmth to my pussy. Absent mindedly, I slipped my
  hand into my knickers, and was brought to my senses with a jolt. My newly shaven
  quim ! Not being fully awake, I had forgotten about my transformation, now
  I was back to reality with a bang! I opened my dressing gown, and looked down
  the front of my knickers. There was my little girl slit, smooth as silk. I
  let my fingers glide over my mound, savouring the sensations. I gently stroked
  and tickled my pussy lips, feeling them start to swell with excitement. I gently
  pushed a finger into my pussy, and found it to be warm and wet. My breathing
  was becoming faster, as I slowly drew my finger up to my waiting clit, and
  groaned out loud at the waves of pleasure which erupted as I stoked my hot
  little button. Over the last week I had become practiced at pleasing myself,
  and I did so now as the waves of pleasure built to a crescendo with a fantastic
  orgasm.  
After I had got my breath back I showered and dressed, then sat deep in thought.
  I knew I wanted John, but I wanted the thrill of being controlled by Alan too.
  Something had to go. I decided to tell Alan that our 'game' was over. This
  time I was determined, he wasn't going to win this time.  
I waited until I heard Sally leave for work, then went upstairs to see Alan.
  I knocked on the flat door, and heard him call "Come in". Summoning up all
  my nerve and courage, I pushed open the door and walked in. He was sitting
  on the sofa wearing a bath robe. He looked at his watch, "You're keen, tight
  arse, its only 8.30. You're not due here for another hour and a half yet."  
"Alan, its over. I'm calling a halt to this nonsense. I had a phone call
  from John this morning. He's coming home in July, he's got a new job in Kent,
  and I'm going to join him. I'm handing in my notice on Monday."  
"And what's John going to think if I tell him how you've been behaving since
  he's been gone? You didn't think of that did you? Supposing I phone him, and
  tell him how you stripped for me, how I shagged you stupid? Or how you sucked
  me off in the kitchen? Or how I spanked your bare arse in your own bedroom,
  and then felt you sopping wet pussy right afterwards? I think that would put
  paid to your plans of a new life, don't you?"  
"You wouldn't !", I cried, "You wouldn't be that mean. Anyway, John wouldn't
  believe you."  
"I wouldn't bet on it, tight arse. I'm his 'best friend' remember?"  
"That's not what he told me this morning. He said he didn't mind the thought
  of never seeing any of you again. Seems he's got the measure of you, you bastard!"  
He thought for a moment, and then said "Fair enough. I won't miss him either,
  like I said, he's too much of a smart arse. I tell you what I'll do, I'll offer
  you a deal. We carry on as we have been up until July. Then its over. If you
  agree to this, I guarantee that John will never hear anything about our little
  game. But if you agree, you have to do whatever I say, no questions. How about
  it tight arse? Do you want to get this out of your system, before you settle
  into married bliss? I know you do, you just have to admit it to yourself. Well;
  are you going to do this the easy way or the hard way?"  
The bastard had done it again! I was right on the hot-spot. It was almost
  as though he could read my mind. His 'deal' would give me the chance to explore
  this side of me, without hurting John, and giving me a final way out. The idea
  was appealing, and I felt myself getting wet at the thought of six weeks of
  debauchery.  
"You swear, if I go along with this, it will end in July. You won't say anything
  to John. He'll never know?"  
"Sure. Why would I lie? I'd have nothing to gain by breaking you two up,
  and I know John can be an evil bastard if he's crossed. We'll have some fun
  until July, then goodbye for good. Deal?"  
My mind was racing. Just seven days ago, none of this had happened. Now I
  was seriously considering giving myself to this man for three months ! I hadn't
  sat down when I entered the room. Now I was beginning to wish I had, my legs
  were shaking, so were my hands. "What if I don't agree?" I asked.  
"Then, nothing", he said, "Like I said, I don't fancy picking a fight with
  John, I'd probably lose anyway. If you want to stop, we stop. But I think you
  want to go on. I think you enjoy it too much, and want to push it a bit further.
  Believe me, if you agree, I'll push you further than you would ever want to
  go, but you'll love it. I tell you what, go and think about it. If you want
  to carry on, be back here at ten, like you were supposed to be. If you're not
  here, I'll know its off."  
I left and returned to my own flat. I already knew what I wanted to do. I'd
  never had such a thrilling time, and the thought of Alan pushing me further
  was exciting me even as I sat and thought about my options.  
The time seemed to race by. Before I knew it, it was almost ten o'clock.
  Decision time. I had no idea what he had in mind for me, but I knew it would
  be humiliating and thrilling. I had no choice. At ten exactly, I began to climb
  the stairs to Alan's flat.  
I walked into the living room, and stood in the middle of the room my head
  bowed, and my hands clasped in front of me, looking every bit like a naughty
  child sent to the head master's office. Alan was still sitting in the same
  position, still wearing his bathrobe. "I knew you'd be back tight arse", he
  said, a note of triumph in his voice. "Did you do as you were told yesterday,
  or am I going to have to teach you another lesson?"  
"No, Alan, I did it".  
"Well let's have a look then"  
I lifted my skirt, took hold of the waist band of my knickers, and pulled
  them down. I felt his gaze on my mound. I had never felt so naked and exposed. "That's
  much better! Come and stand in front of me so I can get a good look"  
I moved to within about six inches of his face. He was looking directly at
  my bald pussy. He reached out and stroked my mound with the back of his hand,
  then ran his fingers along the entire length of my slit. "Very nice, Alison,
  very nice indeed. Now I want you to sit back in the chair, spread your legs
  and show me every inch of what you've got. But lose the clothes first."  
I felt my face burning, as I slowly undressed in front of him again. T-shirt,
  bra and skirt were soon on the floor, my knickers still half way down my thighs.
  I pushed them off also, and sat in the chair opposite him. I opened my legs
  as wide as I could, and pushed my bottom forward in the seat so that he had
  a clear view of my most secret place.  
"Spread you lips for me, I want to see everything" he commanded. I lowered
  my hands, placed them either side of my pussy, and gently pulled my lips apart.
  Nothing was hidden from his view. My nipples were hard and crinkly, my pussy
  oozing juices.  
"Now play with yourself until you come", he ordered. I gasped. I had never
  let anyone watch me touching myself. With nervous fingers I found my slit,
  slipped a finger inside, and then started to massage my clit. As I did so,
  I began to stroke my tits, massaging them, tweaking my nipples. I was panting
  like a bitch in heat, sweating, groaning, writhing. When I came I could hear
  shouting and screaming in the distance. It was me. I collapsed in the chair
  sobbing from the most powerful orgasm of my life.  
"Come with me", he ordered. We went into his bedroom. He took off his bathrobe,
  and was naked underneath. His cock was standing proudly, eight inches or more
  of it. He lay on the bed. "My turn", he said. "I want you to bring me off in
  the best way you can. You're on top".  
I crawled onto the bed between his legs. I planted kisses all the way up
  the inside of his thighs, until I reached his balls. I folded my hand around
  his hard shaft, and pumped it up and down whilst licking his balls and tickling
  his arse hole with my other hand. I kissed and licked his shaft, then took
  the head of his cock into my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down on his cock,
  swirling my tongue over its head. Then I wrapped my tits around his cock, squeezing
  them together, while I kissed and licked his belly. I moved slowly up and straddled
  him. I positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to my hot slit, and
  gently sat down on it. I could feel him going deeper and deeper into me. Finally,
  I felt his pubes tickling my shaven pussy lips. I began to rock backwards and
  forwards, feeling his cock deep inside me. I leaned forward kissing his neck,
  his face, licking his ears. I reached down and stroked his balls, then leant
  back so I could reach between his buttocks. All the time I kept up a constant
  commentary. "Oh Alan, you feel so good, your cock is so hard, so big. It is
  so beautiful. Your balls feel so full, so heavy. Please empty them into me.
  I want to feel you shooting up inside me. I want to be your dirty little slut.
  I won't be a tight arse any more Alan, not for you. You can take me whenever
  you want. Tell me what to do, and I'll do it. I'll do anything for you, I promise.
  I'm glad you made me beg. I'm glad you spanked my arse, Alan, I deserved it.
  I'm glad you know how much I enjoyed it. I'll try to be a good girl for you
  Alan, I really will. I'll do my best to please you. Anything for you Alan,
  anything. I promise."  
He reached up and grabbed my tits, squeezing them, pinching my nipples. I
  groaned and moaned, driving my pelvis down onto his cock, grinding myself onto
  his pubes. He took hold of my hips and began to push and pull me back and forwards,
  increasing the pace all the time. I could feel him getting close to his orgasm.
  I was close also. I was almost breathless with pleasure. I moaned "Oh please
  Alan, please Alan, please Alan" over and over as my orgasm grew closer. Then
  he tensed and I felt him twitching and shooting deep inside me. I screamed
  as my orgasm hit, and I collapsed on top of him.  
After what seemed like hours, I felt my consciousness returning. I opened
  my eyes and saw Alan half asleep next to me. I moved closer to him, intending
  to snuggle into him, but at that moment, he got up and put his bath robe back
  on.  
At once I felt at a disadvantage. All of my clothes were still on his living
  room floor where I had left them. He turned and looked at me. "Go and get yourself
  cleaned up, bitch", he ordered, "And mind you don't make any mess on the floor".
  I ran to the living room with my hand over my pussy, grabbed my knickers and
  pulled them on. I was still dressing when he came into the room. He came up
  behind me and smacked my behind, hard. I squealed, "What was that for ?" I
  complained. "I felt like it " he replied. "I can do anything I feel like to
  you, whenever I want to, isn't that right tight arse?"  
I lowered my head again like a naughty schoolgirl. "Yes Alan" I replied.  
Chapter 5   
   
After I finished dressing I left Alan's flat without speaking to him. I returned
  to my own flat, and showered. I wasn't expecting Alan to come in, but I left
  the door of the bathroom unlocked anyway. I was now totally immersed in the
  'game'. I was eagerly looking forward to the next installment.  
When I cam out of the bathroom, it was just in time to hear the front door
  close. Thinking Alan had gone out, I was surprised to meet Sally as she made
  her way upstairs.  
"You're back from work early, is everything ok?", I asked.  
"No, not really. I had a phone call at work from my mum. She's had a really
  bad fall, injured her back, and she's in traction. I'm going to have to stay
  with her for a while, until she's able to look after herself".  
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that Sal. Where does she live?"  
"Edinburgh." she said flatly.  
"Christ Sally, that's three or four hundred miles away! What are you going
  to do about work and everything?"  
"My boss has been really good, she's given me a four week unpaid leave of
  absence, and we'll see how things are then."  
"Right, so when do you leave?"  
"Right away, basically. I just need to pack some clothes, and then I'll be
  off. Alan is not going to be pleased at the thought of me being away for that
  length of time, but what else can I do? Will you do me a favour, while I'm
  away?"  
"Anything Sal, what is it?"  
"Look after Alan for me, he's hopeless on his own!"  
I tried to keep my face straight, and my voice as normal as possible, but
  it had dawned on me that Alan and I would be alone together for the next four
  weeks at least. My mind immediately began to race through the possibilities.  
"Are you ok Alison?". Sally was looking at me with a concerned look on her
  face. "When I asked you to look after Alan, I only meant keep him company you
  know, I wasn't asking you to do his dirty washing or anything !"  
I laughed. "Well that's all right then."  
Sally made her way upstairs, and I heard them both talking. Some time later,
  I was in my bedroom when I heard the familiar sound of lovemaking from upstairs. "One
  for the road Sally?" I thought to myself.  
About an hour later, Sally and Alan came down stairs. She had packed three
  bags, and I offered to help carry them to her car and see her off. "Thanks
  Ali" she said.  
We loaded the car, and I gave her a hug. Then Alan gave her a romantic kiss,
  and came and stood by me as she got in and started the engine. As she drove
  away, I felt Alan's hand gently stoking my bottom. I jumped! This was in broad
  daylight, in the street, and before Sally was even out of sight. Even so, I
  didn't move away. As Sally's car turned a corner and disappeared from view
  Alan said "Go to your room, take your clothes off and wait there for me, I'll
  be there soon." I hesitated for a second, and was rewarded with a crisp smack
  to my bottom. The sound was so loud that people passing on the other side of
  the street turned to see what the noise was. I quickly ran to my room, undressed,
  and waited. I could hear him on the phone upstairs, but couldn't make out anything
  he said. A few minutes later the door opened.  
"Right then, I want to see the entire contents of your underwear drawer,
  tight arse. I want to be sure that there are no more horrible knickers like
  the ones you had on the other day. Come on, get on with it."  
I opened the top drawer of my dresser, and stood back to allow him to see. "That's
  no good, get them all out, and put them on the bed."  
Feeling deliciously exposed, I did as he had ordered. Soon, all my 'smalls'
  were arranged on my bed for his inspection. There were about four or five pairs
  of knickers which he didn't like, most of them had prints like the earlier
  ones. "You have got some really ugly knickers here, haven't you?" he said.
  He had thrown several pairs on the floor. Now he pointed to them. "I want that
  lot in the bin, now. The rest you can put back. Go out and buy some more this
  afternoon. I want you in plain white ones. No pictures, no prints, no pretty
  flowers, got it?" I nodded. "And get yourself some plain white bras while you're
  at it. No wonderbras or shit like that, simple plain white, ok? Let me know
  when you've got them". And with that, he walked out. "My god, now I really
  am under his control" I thought. "I strip when he says, and now I'm taking
  orders on what kind of underwear to have". But even as I though this I was
  busy dressing, in a hurry to get to the shops as soon as possible.  
It was late in the afternoon when I got back. Alan heard me coming in and
  came down to see me. "Did you get them?" he asked. In reply, I opened my shopping
  bags and showed him the packets of plain white knickers and bras I had bought. "Good
  girl!" he said. "You'll get a chance to show them off tonight, tight arse,
  I've invited Neil round for a few beers. He's looking forward to the entertainment."  
"You mean I'm supposed to&hellip;, I mean, he's part of the game too now?"  
"Absolutely, my little feminist! You'll do what Neil tells you, in exactly
  the same way as you obey me. Got a problem with that?"  
"Alan, I don't think I can go through with this. I mean, Neil's a nice enough
  bloke, but he's fat and ugly !" It was true. I quite liked Neil socially. He
  was always funny, always a good laugh, but he was a good three stone overweight,
  and he wouldn't win any beauty contests.  
Alan laughed. "I'll tell him you said that, he'll smack your arse red raw.
  You wanted to carry on the game. I told you the terms, and you agreed. He'll
  be here at about eight. Be ready." And with that he turned and left.  
I thought about the prospect of being the entertainment for both Alan and
  Neil. I didn't like the idea at all. I toyed with the idea of telling Alan
  I wouldn't do it, but then I remembered that all my previous attempts to defy
  Alan had ended up with me stark naked. I decided that I would go through with
  it this once, and then I could tell Alan that I really didn't like it, and
  he'd have to listen then, wouldn't he?  
I showered, shaved my pussy, (I didn't want to be spanked in front of fat-boy
  Neil for having a "Sand paper twat"!), and started to dress. I put on a pair
  of my new knickers. They were a snug fit, and showed off my bum and mound.
  I put on a new bra, did my make up and then went to my wardrobe. Alan hadn't
  said what he wanted me to wear, and the chances were I wouldn't have my clothes
  on for long anyway, but I decided on a summer dress with buttons up the front.
  Then I sat and waited.  
Just before eight, the doorbell rang. "Get that Alison", Alan called. I opened
  the door, and there was Neil. Dressed as usual in battered jeans and an old
  T-shirt, he was holding a four pack of beer in one hand, and a cigarette in
  the other. Without being invited, he walked past me and stood at the bottom
  of the stairs leading up to the two flats, obviously waiting for me to go first.
  I started up the stairs, and he followed closely after me. I suddenly realised
  why he had been so polite &ndash; the bastard was looking up my skirt! I looked
  round at him and said sarcastically, "Enjoying the view?" "Yes thanks", he
  replied, without blinking, "And I'm looking forward to seeing much more. How's
  your arse now? Still sore, is it? I bet it's not as tight though, is it?" I
  was too stunned to reply. Neil had always been ok towards me. I had thought
  he was one of the more likeable of John and Alan's group. Now he was looking
  at me with pure lust, and was speaking to me like I was shit.  
We found our way to Alan's flat. I was told to get them both beers, and they
  sat down and began to talk. "So she's still up for it then?" Neil asked. "Oh
  yes, she's up for it all right. Shagged her stupid this morning. She'll drop
  her drawers any time you like, wont you tight arse?" I blushed as they both
  turned to look at me as I brought them their beers. "I said, you'll drop your
  drawers any time, won't you?", Alan said. They both waited for my reply. The
  humiliation was almost too much to bear, but I was also thrilled and very turned
  on by it. "Yes, Alan. That's right" I said.  
Neil looked me up and down with a gleam of lust in his eyes. "About time
  we had a look at the goods then. I've wanted to do this for ages. About time
  someone took this bitch down a peg or two."  
I stood in the middle of the room, my heart beating so hard I could hardly
  hear. "Come on then, show us what you've got" Neil urged. My fingers trembled
  as I reached for the top button of my dress. I opened it, and moved on to the
  next. When I had opened them all, I slipped the dress of my shoulders, let
  it drop to the floor and stepped out of it.  
"I've always thought she'd have great tits, you know. Now I'm going to find
  out. Get the rest off then, or I'll give your arse something to think about"  
I unclipped my bra, let it fall onto my arms, the removed it completely.
  The two of them cheered and whistled like they were in a strip club. Neil made
  me jump up and down to make my tits bounce, then I had to stand in front of
  him while he ran his fat grubby hands over my thighs, my bottom and then my
  tits. He was twisting and pinching my nipples, making them hard. Then he looked
  me in the eyes and said "Alan tells me you have a new 'hair do', why don't
  you show it to me" At this, Alan started to laugh. I felt close to tears, and
  for a moment, I was unable to move. "Do you want me to take your knickers down
  and smack your arse Alison?", Alan said. "No, please. I'll do it, I'm sorry!" And
  there I was apologising again. I quickly took hold of my knickers, and pulled
  them down. Neil said "Give them to me", and I handed them over. He put them
  to his nose and sniffed. "A bit fishy" he said, "You should wash more". Again,
  Alan almost fell off his chair laughing. I though this was rich coming from
  this overweight, smelly bastard, but I said nothing.  
Then Neil's hands were everywhere. He grabbed hold of my bottom, mauling
  and pulling, making me come closer to him. He shoved his hand roughly between
  my legs, squeezing my pussy lips and pushing a fat finger into me. The he returned
  to my bottom, pulling apart the cheeks and trying to push a finger into my
  bum. I yelled at this, and he laughed. "Tight arse hole, Al. Got any plans
  for this ?" I froze. I had never even considered anal sex. I just couldn't
  do it.  
Then I had to entertain them. I had to sit in the arm chair again, spread
  my legs and play with my pussy. But I was under orders not to come, and so
  I spent many minutes trying to contain my building orgasm, whilst at the same
  time giving them the show they wanted. As I wanked in front of them they would
  call out instructions to me, "Push your tits together", "Spread your lips wider,
  I can't see" "Put two fingers up you".  
Finally, Alan said "I think that's enough now. Why don't you take Neil to
  the bedroom and show him how hospitable you can be?", he turned to Neil, "She
  really is the hostess with the mostest, you know", and they both laughed.  
Neil didn't move. He was obviously waiting for me to invite him ! I looked
  at Alan, and his look told me that if I didn't do this, the game was over.
  I swallowed hard, and said "Would you like to come to the bedroom with me Neil?". "Sounds
  good to me!" he said, and walked over to me. As we walked the short distance
  to the bedroom, Neil whispered to me "Alan tells me you give very good head.
  I hope you don't disappoint me!"  
He closed the door behind him and began to undress. His body odour was more
  noticeable in the smaller room. He peeled off his T-shirt to reveal rolls of
  fat, then he dropped his jeans and stood there in an ancient pair of boxer
  shorts. "You can do the rest" he said. I knelt down in front of him, and pulled
  the shorts down. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. His cock was enormous!
  It must have been six inches long and two inches thick, and it was still flacid!
  I had never seen one so big. Fascinated, I began to stroke it and massage it
  the way I had done to Alan's. The monster began to stir, growing rapidly in
  length and girth. I put my lips to the purple, circumcised head, and began
  to lick and suck. I stroked his balls, and wanked his shaft. I felt his hand
  on my head and looked up to see the smug grin on his face. He was enjoying
  every moment, "You know what I'd like you to do now?", he said, "Lick my arse!"  
The idea was repulsive, but I didn't see what choice I had. I stood and followed
  him to the bed, where he lay down on his front. I took a deep breath and began
  to place small kisses on his fleshy buttocks. I reached the base of his spine,
  and began to lick down his crack as he groaned with pleasure. The smell was
  bad, but the taste was far worse, I felt like I was going to be sick at any
  minute. And yet I continued, wriggling my tongue into his crack, moving in
  and out. I put one hand on each of his cheeks and pushed apart. There was his
  puckered hole, thankfully looking clean. I began to kiss and lick all round
  it, and then finally, I did what I knew he was waiting for me to do, I pushed
  my tongue right into his hole. He pushed his fat arse back into my face when
  I did this, forcing my tongue deeper into him. I reached round and stroked
  his massive cock, now throbbing with pleasure. I continued to kiss and lick
  his arse for what seemed like hours, pushing my tongue in, running it round
  the hole. Finally, he turned over and motioned me to resume on his cock.  
I now had both hands on his shaft, side by side, and there was still a respectable
  length for me to suck on. I was beginning to get hot at the thought of having
  this inside me. I was revelling in the humiliation of all I was doing to this
  mass of blubber. "I think it's time to bury the bone", he said, indicating
  that the 'foreplay' was over. I rolled off him and lay on my back, my legs
  slightly apart. He positioned himself between them and guided his cock towards
  my slit. He pushed my lips apart with the head, and began to rub it up and
  down my pussy. The sensation was amazing, and I groaned with pleasure. Then
  he placed the head at the entrance to my tunnel, and pushed. I felt like I
  was going to split. I had never had anything so big in my life. I spread my
  legs as wide as I could to try to ease the pressure inside me, feeling him
  drive ever deeper into me.  
I was fighting for breath. The monster inside me was pushing in and out at
  an increasing speed, as it reached the top of my tunnel it sparked sensations
  I had never felt before. The head was battering me from the inside, and I was
  in ecstasy! I felt my climax begin "Oh God, oh God, oh God" I called and then
  he was emptying his balls into me, I felt spurt after spurt shoot up into me,
  still it kept coming, I felt full to capacity. And then he collapsed on top
  of me, a sweating, smelly mess.  
 After a few moments he heaved himself off me. I was completely shattered
  by the intensity of my climax, and so I just lay there on the bed, gasping
  for breath with my legs spread wide apart and my gaping pussy leaking his cum.
  Neil stood at the end of the bed looking at me, "Alison, you never looked classier!" he
  said, and began to laugh loudly. I turned on my side and curled up into a ball.
  I was disgusted with myself, how could I have enjoyed being with him? How could
  I have enjoyed licking and kissing his arse, spreading my legs for him, taking
  his huge member inside me? And yet I had! Despite my need to deny it to myself,
  I couldn't. I had enjoyed every humiliating, shameful minute of it. I even
  enjoyed the thought of him looking at me spread out on the bed. Without thinking,
  I turned back onto my back, spread my legs and began rubbing my fingers into
  my wet slit. I put my fingers, wet with my own juices and his cum, into my
  mouth and sucked and licked until they were clean. Neil watched, a fascinated
  look on his face. Then an idea seemed to strike him. "Seeing as how you like
  the taste of it so much, you can lick me clean" he said. I immediately sat
  up on the bed as he walked towards me. I took his cock into my mouth and licked
  and sucked all along his shaft, then I licked his balls until they were clean
  also, finally, he turned around and 'allowed' me to lick his arse until it
  too was clean.  
"I think you'd better go and get cleaned up. We're not finished with you
  yet!", he said, and left the room. With my heard pounding at the thought of
  more shame I went to the bathroom and ran the shower. I didn't think to lock
  the door. After I had been in the shower for a few seconds, the door opened,
  and Neil and Alan were standing there watching me wash. Neil walked over to
  the shower, and said to Alan, "Watch this !"  
He took hold of the shower head and began to play the jet onto various parts
  of my body, making me turn around, or bend over as he wished. I had my back
  to him, and so didn't see him reach for the temperature control. Suddenly I
  was hit between my bottom cheeks with a jet of freezing cold water. I screamed
  and tried to turn away from the jet, but the bastard was playing it all over
  my body. "No please, Neil, stop, please, its too cold, please Alan make him
  stop" I pleaded in vain as the two of them laughed out loud at my discomfort.
  He made a point of firing the icy jet at my nipples, making them stand out
  painfully. After a few minutes of this, I was shivering and crying. Finally,
  he turned the water off, and they both left. I was ordered to get dry and go
  back to the living room straight away. I gratefully reached for the warmth
  of the towel, dried my self off, and then walked stark naked into the living
  room.  
They were sitting looking very relaxed, drinking a beer each. Alan said, "Did
  you enjoy being with Neil then?" I could have denied it, but Alan always seemed
  to be able to tell when I was lying, and so I had to swallow my pride, and
  said "Yes, Alan. I did enjoy it".  
"You didn't think you would though, did you? What was it you said to me when
  I told you Neil was coming round?, "He's fat and ugly", wasn't it?", she wasn't
  keen on letting you join in at all you know mate. Perhaps she thinks she's
  too good for you, is that it tight arse?, are you just too good for the likes
  of him?"  
Neil was watching with interest. I tried to negotiate my way out of this "No,
  its not that I think I'm too good, honest, its just, well, I was, er, I mean
  he, er&hellip;." My attempted explanation tailed off into nothing. "Fat and
  ugly am I?" Neil said. "I think a rude little bitch like you needs to be taught
  a lesson, even if it is one you'll enjoy. Come here and get over my knee, I'm
  going to spank your tight little arse".  
I slowly made my way over to him and positioned myself over his knee. "Now,
  you're going to apologise for being rude, and I'm going to keep smacking you
  until I believe you are truly sorry, understand?"  
"Yes", I said, "I am sorry, really I am, I'm sorry I spoke about you that
  way Neil. I wont do it again I prom owww!" His hand had come down on my bottom
  with a loud crack, and a sharp pain had shot through my body. "Please Neil,
  forgive me, I'll make it up to you, I'll owww!"  
"Oh God, Neil, please don't hurt me any more, I really am sorry" Smack!  
"Please Neil, please. I'm so sorry". Smack. And so it went on. I lost count
  of the number of smacks I received, but it was far more than when Alan had
  spanked me, and Neil's smacks were much harder. After a while I was sobbing
  like a school girl, and begging him to stop, promising him anything, pleading
  with him to let me make it up to him. My backside was ablaze, and the pain
  was like nothing I had ever experienced before.  
Finally, he seemed convinced by my pleading apologies, and the smacks stopped. "Right,
  lets see if she liked that one", Neil said. I felt his fingers probing my pussy
  lips, and then felt one of his fat fingers slip inside. "Fuck Al, you were
  right, she does love it, she's absolutely soaking!" I felt my face flush crimson.
  My body had betrayed me once again, and feelings of animal pleasure were now
  coursing through me as Neil continued to explore my sensitive hole. &quot;I
  tell you what&quot;, "he said, &quot;Show us how much you enjoyed that. Get
  down on the floor and wank yourself off, while you tell us how much you like
  to have your tight little arse tanned !"  
I lowered myself to the floor gingerly, as my bottom was still stinging.
  I spread my legs wide and let my fingers start to caress my shaven pussy. Everything
  was open to their gaze. I didn't care. I was hot again ! as I stoked my clit,
  and pushed my fingers deep into me, I kneaded my breasts, pinched my nipples,
  brought each breast up and licked it. I was behaving like a total slut, wanting
  them to watch me, wanting to please them. "I love it when my arse is smacked",
  I breathed. "I love being taught a lesson. I love being shown who's boss. I
  love it when I'm so exposed, and you can see everything. I want you to see
  me. I want you to touch me. I want to be yours. I'll do anything for you, anything
  you say. Oh god!, I'm coming, I'm coming&hellip;." I groaned and writhed on
  the floor in front of them. My fingers were a blur as I frantically rubbed
  my clit and pushed them into my raging hole. I fell back, shattered from my
  climax.  
Before I had chance to regain my breath Alan ordered me to stand and bend
  over the back of a chair. I was expecting another spanking, and wondered if
  I could take any more, but to my surprise he began rubbing some sort of cream
  into my bottom. He gradually got closer to my crack, and then he was massaging
  the cream between my buttocks, and into my little rose bud anus. I felt one
  of his long slim fingers penetrate my bottom. He moved it around in circles
  inside me, and kept applying more cream. The feeling wasn't unpleasant and
  I arched my back to allow him easier access. I was beginning to enjoy the feelings
  stirred up inside me, and then I felt a second finger enter me. I had relaxed
  enough not to find this uncomfortable, and began moving my bottom back and
  forward pushing his fingers in further. Then he withdrew them completely. He
  continued to tickle my tight hole, and then I felt something much thicker pushing
  at my opening. I turned to look over my shoulder as the 'something' pushed
  into me. Alan had his cock up my bottom! I froze. The idea of anal sex had
  never appealed to me, and I'd always assumed that the pain would be too great.
  And now here I was bent over with his hot spear in my anus. Sensing my fear
  he said "Just relax, it'll be ok". I was in no position to argue, and so I
  turned my head away, and tried to relax. I felt him push into me very slowly,
  then withdraw. He pushed in a little further, and then withdrew again. The
  pain I expected didn't come, and I relaxed still more. The more I relaxed,
  the more I enjoyed the sensation. After a few moments, I felt Alan's pubes
  against my bum cheeks, and I knew he was fully inside me.  
He began to pump into me, slowly at first, but increasing speed all the time.
  I could feel my sphincter muscle gripping his cock. He grabbed hold of my hips
  and began to increase his speed. He was pushing in harder now, building and
  building. I felt him twitch, and felt him flooding my bowels with his cum.
  He was gasping and panting, and then collapsed on my back.  
"And that's your arse cherry gone Alison. You just don't give a fuck anymore
  do you?" Neil was standing, watching, a dirty smirk on his face. I blushed,
  I had forgotten he was even there. "To think I'd be standing here watching
  Alan stuff his dick up your tight little arse! I bet there's nothing you wouldn't
  do now. You've turned into a complete slut haven't you?" He and Alan smirked
  at each other as Alan picked up my discarded knickers and wiped his cock on
  them.  
Neil was right. It had been exactly a week ago that Alan and I had got drunk,
  and I'd ended up stripping for him. In just seven days I had found a side to
  me that I didn't know existed. I would do anything now.  
Alan threw my soiled knickers to me, "Better wash those, they're filthy" he
  said. Again the two of them laughed out loud.  
I was exhausted. I'd had two shattering climaxes, and the nervous energy
  I'd used up had left me shattered. "Can I go to bed please" I asked. The two
  of them considered my request, and Alan said "OK, but we might want another
  shag tonight, so don't be surprised if you get a visit."  
I gathered the rest of my things together and went back to my bedroom. I
  pulled on a T-shirt and a clean pair of knickers, and fell gratefully into
  bed. I was asleep in moments.  
The next thing I knew, someone was coming into my bedroom. I had no idea
  what time it was, but I could see daylight through the curtains. "Just fancied
  a quick one before I go", it was Neil. He pulled the cover from my bed, grabbed
  hold of the waist band of my knickers and pulled them off in one swift motion.
  Then he pushed my T-shirt up to expose my tits. He pushed my legs apart, and
  began to lick and suck at my pussy. In spite of myself I began to respond.
  Then he positioned himself between my thighs. I could smell beer and cigarettes
  on his breath and the odour of his body. I felt his cock nudging at my pussy
  lips, and felt my pussy getting wetter. Once again he was pushing his massive
  organ into me. His weight was pressing down on me so I was unable to move.
  As soon as he was in me all the way, he began to pump furiously. I felt the
  head of his cock battering against my cervix. He was pumping so hard the bed
  was banging against the wall. He began to squeeze my tits roughly. Then he
  groaned and shot his load into me once again.  
He lay there panting for a few moments, then pulled his deflating cock out
  of me. As a final insult, he took hold of my T-shirt, and wiped his cock on
  it. I was disgusted, but he didn't seem to notice.  
"Thanks for an interesting night Alison. I can't really call you tight arse
  any more can I? Not after last night anyway!" And he left, still laughing to
  himself. I rolled onto my side, curled up into a ball and fell back to sleep.  
Some time later the bedroom door opened again. Before I could move, Alan
  was lying next to me. He began stroking my bottom, moving ever closer to my
  crack. Then I felt his fingers start to probe my anus again. After a few moments
  he told me to get onto my hands and knees, and began to smear something slick
  and slippery into my bum hole. His fingers were again pushing into my bowels,
  and I knew what was coming. He slowly pushed his member into me and I groaned
  with pleasure. He began to increase his pace, and as my pleasure built I reached
  down and began to finger my pussy, which was still leaking Neil's cum. I ran
  my fingers up and down my slit, tickled my clit, and pushed my fingers inside
  my love tunnel. I could feel Alan's cock through the thin membrane, and this
  only increased my pleasure. I felt my orgasm begin to start as Alan started
  to twitch inside my anus. As waves of pleasure began to wash over me, I felt
  Alan shooting streams of cum up inside me. He collapsed onto my back and lay
  there panting. Then without saying a word, he got up and left the room. A week
  ago, I had never even considered anal sex, and now I had not only done it twice,
  I had thoroughly enjoyed it! There was nothing I wouldn't do now, and I was
  excited at the possibilities. There was no telling what Alan would make me
  do next, and that uncertainty was thrilling beyond belief!  
Chapter 6.   
   
I woke some hours later to find that Alan had gone but had left me a note. &quot;Neil
  will be coming over for more fun tonight. Get yourself cleaned up and be ready
  for eight&quot;. Dutifully, I cleaned my flat, changed the sheets on my bed,
  showered and washed my hair, shaved my pubes and then went out to stock up
  on beer for Alan and Neil. At about seven, I put on clean knickers, a new bra,
  a clean white T-shirt and some loose fitting jeans. I knew that they would
  both like the T-shirt and jeans look, and by now all I wanted to do was to
  please them ! I found myself getting excited at the thought of more excesses,
  and wondered what they would have me doing before the night was over. I slipped
  my hand into my knickers, and sure enough, I was well lubed up, and that was
  before they even got here.  
Just before eight, I heard Alan and Neil coming back. I stood by the door
  of my bedroom, waiting like a 'good girl'. Neil walked straight past me carrying
  some sort of package, Alan said &quot;Go and make us something to eat, and
  call us when it's ready. Don't come into the living room until I say you can.
  Now go&quot;, and with that he gave me a playful smack on my bottom, and disappeared
  into my living room, closing the door behind him.  
I went to the kitchen and began making sandwiches for them. I was desperate
  to know what they were doing, but knew that if I went in there I would get
  a spanking. This made it all the more tempting as I thought of myself over
  Alan or Neil's knee with my jeans and knickers down ! I decided to provoke
  them into spanking me, and walked to the living room door. Before I could open
  it however, Alan appeared. He saw me waiting close to the door, and called
  out &quot;Hey, Neil, she can't wait to get in here. Talk about gagging for
  it ! OK, tight arse, come on in, we've got a surprise for you.&quot; And with
  that he swung the door open letting me see inside.  
Neil was standing in the midle of the room, with a broad grin on his fat
  face. He was standing next to what looked like a large red blow up cushion.
  Sticking out of the middle of this was what looked like a six inch cock ! I
  was fascinated, and went to have a closer look.  
&quot;Do you know what this is?&quot; Neil asked  
&quot;No&quot; I admitted. They both laughed.  
&quot;Fuck, talk about a sheltered life. Have you never seen a vibrating
  cushion before?&quot; Neil asked.  
I blushed, even now after all they had done to me, they could still make
  me feel like I knew nothing. Neil called me closer and began to explain. &quot;Right,
  this goes up your pussy&quot;, he said, meaning the six inch phallus. &quot;There
  is a small pad that goes up against your clit, and this smaller one at the
  back will go up your arse ! Then, if you're a good girl, and we feel generous
  to you, you get this..&quot; he pushed a button on a pad he held, and the whole
  thing began to vibrate, slowly at first and then faster as he manipulated the
  control in his hand. I was wildly excited at the thought of trying this, and
  looked at them both for them to tell me what to do next.  
&quot;Would you like to get on board Alison?&quot; Alan said, the familiar
  smile back on his face.  
I said nothing, but began to take my T-shirt off. &quot;Stop!&quot;, Alan
  commanded. &quot;If you want to play with your new toy, you have to get our
  permission&quot;.  
I knew how to play the game now, and with my head bowed low I said quietly &quot;Could
  I play with my new toy now please Alan&quot;. He just smiled and said &quot;Neil
  bought it for you, why don't you ask him?&quot;  
I turned to Neil, who could barely conceal his amusement. &quot;Could I play
  with the new toy please Neil&quot;  
&quot;What do I get in return?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Whatever you want&quot; I replied.  
&quot;Really? What if I want to fuck you up the arse? Are you up for that?&quot; I
  hesitated, Neil's cock was a lot bigger than Alan's. I wasn't sure I could
  take it, and I said so.  
&quot;Don't worry, I'm sure you'll cope. So, do I get to cruise the hershey
  highway?&quot; he laughed.  
&quot;I'll try&quot; I said nervously.  
&quot;Right then, get your kit off and climb on board !&quot;  
They both watched as I took off my T-shirt and unhooked my bra leaving my
  tits to swing free. Then I pushed my jeans off and dropped my knickers to the
  floor. I crosed to the cushion, straddled it and began to lower myself onto
  the phallus. I had never used a dildo or a vibrator in my life, and I was nervous
  as the tip made contact with my pussy lips. By now I was soaking, and so the
  plastic cock had no difficulty in sliding into my tunnel. As I sank deeper
  onto it, Neil positioned the smaller phallus at the entrance to my anus. I
  drew a deep breath and then lowered myself onto this also. Finally, I was sitting
  on the cushion, six inches of plastic up my hot little hole, another thick
  finger of plastic up my bottom and a small soft pad pressing against my clit.
  It felt strange but very nice, and I was quickly getting used to the sensations.
  I had almost forgotten that Alan and Neil were in the room, but then one of
  them set off the vibrators. I looked round to see the two of them sitting on
  a sofa watching me.  
&quot;Well give us a show then&quot; Neil commanded.  
I began to rock backwards and forwards on the cushion, savouring the sensations
  in my clit, pussy and bottom, which were like nothing I had ever experienced
  before. Then Neil turned the vibrations up high. I groaned out loud and my
  eyes rolled back. This was pure ecstasy ! It was obvious to them that I was
  enjoying myself, and they were clearly having a good time, if the bulges in
  their trousers were anything to go by.  
I had been positioned right in front of the TV screen, now I found out why.
  Neil switched on the TV and started a video playing. It was hard core porn,
  of the sort I had always condemed in my 'former life'. A young girl, perhaps
  18, was sucking on the cock of a man who must have been about fifty. He was
  groaning with pleasure, and so was she. Before the man could come, she moved
  over to another man. This second man was about fifty also, naked and with a
  cock almost as large as Neil's. The girl began to suck this enthusiastically,
  and I could see it grow still bigger under her attention.  
The vibrations between my legs were really getting to me, my breathing had
  become fast, and I had begun to stroke my tits as I continued to rock on the
  cushion. The girl on the video now squatted over the man she had been sucking,
  and lowered herself onto his now rock hard cock. She shuddered with pleasure
  as she slid down his enormous pole, and I shuddered with her ! Then the first
  man appeared, stood behind the girl, bent over and began to slide his cock
  into her bottom. I froze. I could not believe what I was seeing. This young
  girl, who was smaller and slighter than me, was being fucked by two cocks at
  the same time, and seemed to be enjoying every minute of it judging by the
  way she was moaning and groaning. I was very close to the edge. I ground down
  onto the cushion and was mauling my tits, twisting and pulling on my nipples.
  The men in the video were pumping into the girl with increasing pace. Suddenly,
  the one in her pussy groaned and tensed, the girl almost screamed with pleasure.
  Then the one in her bottom withdrew his cock and began to spray jism all over
  her back. She turned and opened her mouth inviting him to spray onto her tongue,
  which he did. She swallowed all she could, and then began to massage the spunk
  on her back into her skin, while the man in her pussy licked and sucked her
  breasts. It was too much for me, my orgasm hit me like an express train I was
  moaning, sobbing screaming as a truly massive orgasm shook me to my core. I
  fell from the cushion and colapsed onto the floor a quivering, sobbing mess.  
As I regained conciousness I became aware of the two of them applauding,
  whistling and cheering as they did so. I blushed furiously and felt my face
  burning with shame.  
&quot;What was it that got you so hot, was it the buzzing down below, or
  the sight of that little girl getting sandwich fucked?&quot;, Neil asked, laughing
  as he did so. I couldn't answer, my shame was so great. I had just brought
  myself to a huge orgasm, with vibrators in my pussy and bottom, a vibrating
  pad on my clitoris and a hard-core porn video playing in front of me, while
  the two of them watched and cheered. I could not believe I had done such a
  thing. My mind was in total confusion. How could I have become such a toy to
  them both in such a short time? I felt light headed from my climax, and completely
  bewildered as to why I was prepared to do al of this.  
I wasn't allowed to dwell on my situation for long however. Neil walked over
  to me, grabbed me by the arm and forced me to stand. Then he calmly re-took
  his seat, and motioned for me to stand in front of him and Alan. I did so,
  trembling slightly.  
&quot;I asked you a question, tight arse. What was it that got you so fired
  up?&quot; I just stood there, dumb, unable to speak.  
&quot;Was it the cushion?&quot;, Neil asked. I nodded.  
&quot;But what about the video?&quot;, Alan asked, &quot;I think you liked
  that didn't you? Tell us how you enjoyed watching that girl take two pricks
  at the same time. Answer me, or I'll smack your arse until you do!&quot;  
I finally found my voice. &quot;I'd never seen anything like that before.
  I'd never even imagined that sort of thing. I couldn't believe how she was
  able to take them both, and still enjoy it.&quot;  
&quot;And did you imagine yourself doing the same?&quot; Alan asked. I felt
  my breath catch in my throat. How had he known? Had I become that much of a
  slut that he could predict that I'd like that sort of thing? I felt my face
  colouring again.  
&quot;Fucking hell, she did!&quot;, Neil shouted. &quot;She got off on the
  thought of the two of us fucking her like that. I never would have imagined
  that such a prissy, tight arsed little snob would get off on the thought of
  two blokes shagging her up the arse and up the twat at the same time!&quot;.
  He seemed triumphant, revelling in my shame, embarrassment and misery. &quot;I
  want to hear you say it out loud&quot;, he said. &quot;Tell me how you liked
  it. I want to hear every detail. In fact, I want you to sit in the chair and
  play with yourself while you tell us how much you enjoyed it. Go on, do it
  now.&quot;  
Reluctantly, I sat in the chair in front of them, opened my legs and began
  to stroke my still sensitive pussy. I stroked and squeezed my breasts at the
  same time, and began to re-live the sensations for them as they watched.  
&quot;When I first got onto the cushion I enjoyed the feelings I felt when
  I pushed down onto it. I liked the feeling of the big one inside me, and the
  smaller one in my bottom. Then you stared the vibrations, and I felt the pleasure
  run through my body, especially through my clit. I enjoyed the feelings, and
  felt the need to stroke my breasts as I rocked back and forward on the cushion.
  I liked the fact that you were watching me, and that you were controlling the
  vibrations.&quot;  
&quot;How did it make you feel&quot;, Alan asked.  
&quot;I felt really dirty, and really randy&quot;, I replied. &quot;I wanted
  to put on a show for you both. I wanted you to see me playing with myself.
  I wanted you to see how dirty I could be. Then the video started. I watched
  as the girl sucked first one man, and then the other. I imagined sucking both
  of you, moving from one to the other, running my tongue over your shafts.&quot;  
I was beginning to get hot all over again as I tickled my clit, and pushed
  fingers into my pussy. I could see them watching me closely, and I knew they
  were getting turned on by my show. I wanted to please them further. I wanted
  to be absolutely wanton and dirty. I carried on with my monologue, all the
  time playing with my pussy and caressing my breasts. I could feel myself building
  to yet another orgasm.  
&quot;Then she sat down onto that hard prick. I heard her groan with pleasure,
  and I groaned too. I imagined how it would feel as one of you pushed into me,
  going deeper and deeper. Then the other man started to push into her bottom.
  I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I had never imagined such a thing before.
  I heard her groan with pleasure. Then they were both having her at the same
  time. I saw her rocking backwards and forwards as they had her. I heard her
  moans of pleasure. I imagined it was me being taken like that. I could feel
  the vibrator in my bottom buzzing. I knew you were watching me. Then the one
  in her bottom pulled out and began to shoot all over her back, and she turned
  her head so she could get some into her mouth. I wanted to be her. I wanted
  to feel the hot jizz shooting over me, I imagined how it would feel, and then
  I came.&quot;  
Another orgasm was building, I felt my fingers moving faster in my pussy,
  and I was squeezing my breast and nipples hard. I gasped and cried out &quot;Oh
  please do me like that, I want you both to have me, please, Oh please&quot;,
  and then I was coming again.  
As my orgasm subsided I closed my legs, squeezing my fingers into my pussy.
  I sighed, and sagged into the chair in front of them.  
A few moments passed. I opened my eyes to see them looking at me like two
  predators. They both had huge bulges in the front of their trousers, and almost
  in unison, they opened their trousers and pulled out their hard members.  
&quot;Come over here and suck me Alison&quot;, Alan said. Without hesitating
  I got down on my knees in front of him and took his glans into my mouth. I
  began to swirl my tongue around his head in the way I knew he liked. I stroked
  his shaft and caressed his balls, relishing the groans of pleasure coming from
  him. Then Neil said &quot;My turn&quot;, and I shuffled over to kneel between
  his legs. His shaft was as big as I had remembered, and I cautiously took him
  into my mouth. I didn't want him to hit the back of my throat. I closed my
  eyes and began to savour the taste and feel of him in my mouth. By now I was
  so randy, and so focussed on sex, that the building could have burnt down and
  I wouldn't have cared!  
I felt Alan move in behind me and I turned to watch as he positioned his
  shaft at the entrance to my pussy. Then I went back to sucking Neil's throbbing
  glans, running my tongue up and down the length of his shaft.  
Alan entered me and began to pump into me with strong, rhythmic strokes.
  Neil groaned with pleasure as I sucked and licked him, caressing his heavy
  balls and rubbing my breasts against his upper thighs. Then Alan withdrew,
  and Neil motioned for me to stand up.  
&quot;Why don't you show me what a good ride you can be Alison&quot;, he
  said. I straddled his legs and slowly lowered myself onto his shaft. I shuddered
  as I felt him going deeper and deeper. I spread my legs as wide as I could
  to accomodate his huge girth, and then began to ride him, pushing my hips back
  and forth, feeling him deep inside me. He began to stroke my breasts and tease
  my nipples. Then he put his arms round me and pulled me close into him. I was
  unable to move, pinned to his chest. Then I felt Alan slowly pushing into my
  bottom. I looked round to see him straddling Neil's legs and slowly pushing
  into me. When he was in up to the hilt both he and Neil began slow, rhythmic
  motions. Back and forward. I felt like I was on fire. Sensations I had never
  felt before were radiating out from the very centre of my body. My mind was
  racing, and I found myself trying to push myself onto each of the shafts impalling
  me. Neil continued to tease my nipples. Unbelieveably, I began to come again.
  As my third orgasm of the evening began to break I felt Neil shoot deep inside
  of me, followed moments later by Alan spraying his seed deep in my bottom.  
We all collapsed panting and gasping for breath. After a minute of two I
  felt Alan slip out of me, and I rolled off Neil, onto the floor, and lay there
  gasping for breath. The next thig I knew, Alan had brought me a glass of wine.
  He handed it to me saying &quot;I think you could use this, you've certainly
  earned it !&quot; I drank it down, almost in one go, and felt my head begin
  to clear.  
I held out my glass for a refill, and Alan duly obliged. I drained the second
  glass just as quickly, only for it to be refilled again. After a few minutes
  I began to feel the efects of the wine. I felt warm, relaxed and contented.
  I sat back on the sofa, stark naked and with a silly grin on my face. I still
  couldn't believe what a complete slut I had become, but I really didn't care!
  I was enjoying the best sex of my entire life, I had never had so many orgasms,
  and both Alan and Neil seemed willing to experiment further. As I lay there
  in a sort of haze, I vaguely wondered what they had in store for me next. I
  didn't have to wait long!  
Alan lay down on the floor and told me to get to work with my mouth. I eagerly
  got down on my hands and knees and began to kiss and lick his balls and his
  shaft. I could taste myself on him, and as his shaft started to harden I felt
  my own loins start to warm. I continued to lick and suck him until he was gasping
  with pleasure and his glans was throbbing in my mouth. Then I felt Neil caressing
  my bottom. He slipped his hand between my legs and started to slowly stroke
  my clit. I shuddered with pleasure as he coaxed the head out from under its'
  hood and began to stroke it in small circular movements. I was still soaking
  from earlier on, and my juices mingled with his jizz to make my hot little
  slit feel slick. Then his fingers moved up to my bottom and he insterted first
  one, then two fingers and began to spread my tight hole. I tried not to tense,
  as I knew what was coming. Neil's price for allowing me to use the cushion
  was about to be paid.  
Suddenly, I was gripped by fear. I was sure that Neil's member was too big
  and too wide for me to take, it was bound to hurt. I started to get up, but
  Neil put his hand firmy into the small of my back and pushed me back down.
  At the same time, Alan grabbed hold of my shoulders and pushed them down to
  the floor. I was trapped. I called out &quot;No, please stop! Please, I can't
  take that in me. Please stop&quot;. They said nothing. Instead, I felt the
  tip of Neil's member pushing at the entrance to my bottom. As he pushed harder
  I felt my sphyncter give way, and he started to slide into me.  
I tried to struggle free, but they were holding me too tight. As my hips
  wriggled to try to get away from the intruder I felt sharp stabs of pain. The
  only way to survive this, I knew, was to try to relax and keep still. I began
  to pant, trying to relax as the huge member continued to push into me. I felt
  him stop, and then slowly withdraw until only the head of his shaft was still
  in me. Then he pushed into me again, further this time. Gradually, he eased
  his entire length into me. I felt full to bursting, longing for this to be
  over. He began to increase the speed and depth of his thrusts, grabbing my
  hips for extra purchase. I could feel his hot breath on my back, and his wiry
  pubes against my bottom. I felt like I was going to split in two as he pounded
  into me for what seemed like hours. And then I felt him shooting his hot seed
  deep into my bowels. He seemed to be producing gallons of the stuff, and his
  climax seemed to go on for ages. And then he collapsed onto me, a heaving,
  sweating mass. Finally, he rolled off me. I fell onto my side, curled up into
  a ball and sobbed.  
They lifted me up and carried me to the bathroom. I was put into the shower
  and a delicious jet of warm water was played onto my aching body. They soaped
  my entire body and then rinsed me off. I was wrapped in warm towells, and carried
  back to the living room where I was given more wine.  
As the full impact of what had happened sank in, I became angry. I turned
  on the two of them. &quot;You bastards!&quot;, I yelled, &quot;That was rape,
  no other word for it. You knew I didn't want to go through with that, and you
  made me. Well from now on, the game's off. I don't want anything else to do
  with you, ever. Go and get your fun somewhere else you bastards&quot;. I tried
  to get up, but alcohol and sheer fatigue seemed to be holding me down. Alan
  spoke first.  
&quot;Right the way through this, right from the first night when it was
  just you and me, you've been reluctant to try things. At least you've said
  you were reluctant, but it hasn't stopped you doing it has it? Just think of
  the things you've done this evening alone. Are you really going to try to act
  the innocent now Alison? O.K., you might not have wanted to do it just now,
  but that's been true of a whole lot of things, hasn't it? Are you sure you
  want to get out of this now? Think of the fun you've had today. Do you want
  to stop all that? If you want to end things, that's fine. Just be sure you
  know what you're throwing away, that's all&quot;.  
I sipped my wine, and considered his words. I had to admit, I'd been having
  the time of my life for the last few weeks. I didn't want it to stop, especially
  since this was a once-in-a-lifetime thing. Once John got back from Australia
  I would move down to be with him, and leave all of this debauchery behind.  
I drew a deep sigh. &quot;O.K.&quot;, I said, &quot;We'll carry on. But from
  now on, if I say 'no' then whatever you two perverts are up to stops. Clear?&quot;  
They both grinned. &quot;Clear&quot;, they said in unison.  
&quot;Why don't you let us make it up to you?&quot; Neil said, a lecherous
  grin on his face.  
&quot;No way!&quot;, I said, &quot;I've had enough of your monster for tonight
  thank you&quot;.  
&quot;Then just lay back and let us please you for a change&quot; he said.  
I lay back on the sofa and closed my eyes. I felt the towells being removed
  from my body. Then I felt someone planting small wet kisses up the inside of
  my thighs. I looked down and saw Neil's head inching towards my shaven mound.
  I closed my eyes again, and gave myself over to his attention.  
I soon discovered that it wasn't only his member which was unusually long!
  His long, hot tongue was soon buried deep in my tunnel, whilst his fingers
  teased my clit and stroked the lips of my pussy. Alan joined in by kissing
  and licking my breasts and nipples. I surrendered to the feelings of pure ecstacy
  as my body once again found it's way to the brink of orgasm. After yet another
  climax, I drifted off into an exhausted sleep.  
Chapter 7.   
   
I woke the next morning, Sunday morning, with a dull hangover and an aching
  body. I felt as though I had 'flu or something, but I knew that my body was
  paying me back for last night's excesses.  
I slowly got out of bed, and realised that I couldn't remember getting into
  bed last night. Alan and Neil must have carried me to my bedroom. I looked
  at myself in the bedroom mirror. No outward signs of the nymphomaniac I had
  become, except of course for my shaven pussy. I turned around and examined
  my poor, sore bottom in the mirror. My tight little hole was red and painful
  to the touch, but there was no obvious damage. &quot;Thank you very much fellas.&quot;,
  I thought as I remembered the battering my 'back door' had taken the previous
  evening.  
I wandered around my flat as I waited for the kettle to boil. In the living
  room my clothes were where I had left them last night, in a pile on the floor.
  The cushion, with its' additions, was still in front of the TV. The memory
  came back to me, of the young girl taking the two men. Of how I had been so
  fascinated and aroused by the images on the screen. I felt a slight warmth
  between my legs and marvelled at my own seemingly insatiable apetite. I had
  never had so much sex in my life before, nor had I enjoyed it so much. I began
  to wonder of I really could go back to simply being John's girlfriend. We had
  always enjoyed a good sex life, but nothing, and I mean nothing, like my activities
  of the past couple of weeks. Perhaps I had become addicted, or possibly I should
  get out of this unbelievable game before I did.  
I made my way up to Alan's flat. It was empty. He had left no note to tell
  me where he had gone or when he would be back. Still pondering on the events
  of the last few days, and wondering what on earth I should do, I went back
  to my own kitchen and made tea. I quickly found that this simple pleasure was
  denied to me, as I couldn't sit confortably. My limbs ached, and my bottom
  was sore. I decide to run myself a nice hot bath.  
A few minutes later I was lowering myself gingerly into the warm, soapy water.
  I felt my aches and pains start to melt away, and even the initial stinging
  in my bottom soon eased. I immersed myself and tried to come to a decision.
  I was still mentally making a list of pros and cons when I heard the front
  door of the flat opening. I heard footsteps coming up the stairs to my flat,
  and then Alan was caling my name.  
&quot;I'm in the bath.&quot; I called back. It was then that I realised that
  by accident or design, I had left the bathroom door unlocked.  
Without knocking, he calmly walked into the bathroom and sat down on the
  floor next to the bath.  
&quot;How are you this morning?&quot;, he asked. I noted that he had tried
  to keep the tone of his voice normal, but couldn't hide the hint of anxiety.
  It was decision time for me. If I gave him the cold shoulder now our game was
  over. On the other hand, I could let him know that I was OK with our understanding,
  and things could continue as before.  
&quot;I feel like I have been run down by a train.&quot;, I said, a slight
  smile on my face. &quot;And not only that, but it feels like someone tried
  to park a car in my bottom!&quot;  
He laughed, clearly relieved that I wasn't going to bear a grudge over last
  night. Now that the tension had been diffused, I needed to make my point. I
  sat up in the bath. Alan's eyes immediately fell to breasts which were covered
  in soap bubbles, my nipples just showing through.  
&quot;To be serious Alan, I don't like being treated like some kind of toy
  for the amusement of you and your fat friend, right? If we're going to continue,
  then this has to be fun for me too, and being held down while some bastard
  shoves something the size of a baseball bat up my arse is most definitely not!&quot; Alan
  looked suitably shocked. I had not been so assertive towards him since our
  first encounter, and I didn't normally swear either, so my words had the desired
  effect. I lay back in my bath water, and waited for him to respond.  
&quot;Fair enough. Like we said last night, if you don't want to do something,
  I wont make you. But you do want to continue, don't you?&quot;, he smiled.  
&quot;Yes, I suppose so.&quot;, I conceded. &quot;Just no more rough stuff!&quot;  
&quot;Fine by me.&quot;, he said immediately, and smiled again. He was still
  sitting on the floor by the bath. Now he moved closer, leaning against the
  bath and letting his right hand dangle in the soapy water. Without thinking
  I moved my leg closer to his hand, and his fingers began to gently caress my
  thigh.  
&quot;Are you saying that you don't want Neil in the game anymore?&quot;,
  he asked, moving his hand to the inside of my thigh and allowing his fingers
  to stroke the sensitive skin there. &quot;I only ask, because you seemed to
  enjoy most of last night, and if you are going to limit this game to just the
  two of us then we might be missing out on some interesting possibilities.&quot;  
&quot;What kind of possibilities?&quot;, I asked, moving lower in the water
  as I did so, and causing his hand to slip further up my inner thigh.  
&quot;We could have a party for the boys. Invite them all round, and you
  would provide the entertainment.&quot;, he said. His hand was now almost at
  the top of my leg, and the familiar longing was back between my legs.  
&quot;I'm not having all of them do what you and Neil did last night.&quot; I
  said immediately. &quot;In fact, I don't want it up my bottom any more. I don't
  like it that much anyway.&quot;  
&quot;Relax, Alison. If you don't want that, then that's fine.&quot; His
  voice had become soothing and gentle. His fingers had reached the top of my
  legs and began to stroke the lips of my pussy. I opened my legs a little further
  to allow him access, and he continued to speak to me in a gentle murmer.  
&quot;Whatever you say. All I had in mind was a small party for the boys.
  You would be waitress for the evening, bringing us whatever we wanted. Of course,
  you would have to be properly dressed for the occasion, but I'll sort that
  out for you. Naturally, some of the boys might want to take liberties. There's
  no telling where their hands might go, and you'd have to accept that. But I
  promise you no-one will try to persuade you to take it up the bum again. If
  you feel you want to do that, then that's your choice.&quot;  
His fingers had now opened my pussy lips and were teasing the entrance to
  my hot tunnel. As he spoke I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the waves
  of pleasure spreading out through my body from wherever his fingers touched
  me. The thought of being humiliated and abused by a group of men who, until
  recently, I knew only as John's friends had begun to appeal. I could just imagine
  them touching me, looking at me, ordering me to do shameful things. I would
  be unable to object or refuse. If I did, I could end up over their knees with
  my knickers down, my skirt hitched up and my naked bottom on full display.
  They would spank me until my cheeks were hot and red, and then laugh out loud
  when they slipped their hands between my legs to discover the wetness there.  
Alan's fingers now inched up my slit to my clit. I gasped out loud as he
  ran his finger tips over my hot little bud. He continued to murmer to me as
  he brought me higher and higher towards a peak of pleasure.  
&quot;Just imagine, Alison. All of us there, ordering you around in your
  own living room. You'd be fetching us beers, and generally waiting on us hand
  and foot. Maybe we'd want you to dance for us. Can you dance, Alison? We might
  want you to dance naked, put on a show or just stand there stark naked. You
  would have to do whatever we said. We might even want to see you on the cushion
  again. Can you imagine doing that in front of all of us? Just imagine how that
  would feel, with your tits and arse, and even your bald little pussy on show
  to all of us.&quot;  
This drove me over the edge and my orgasm pulsed through me like electricity.
  I clamped my legs together on Alan's hand and rocked my hips back and forward
  until the waves subsided.  
When I had finally got my breath back, Alan said &quot;Shall I go ahead and
  invite the boys then?&quot;  
&quot;When did you intend holding this party?&quot;, I asked, a little nervously.  
&quot;How about next Friday? It might be a long night, and we wouldn't want
  to be late for work next day, would we?&quot;, he smiled.  
I smiled back, though still nervous about the whole idea. I took a deep breath
  to summon up courage, and said, in a voice that sounded more confident that
  I was, &quot;Friday it is then.&quot;  
Alan smiled, stood up and left me to my bath. I lay back in the now cooling
  water and wondered, not for the first time, why I couldn't break this spell.
  What was it that made me so hot when ever I was around Alan? What was it inside
  me that made me enjoy such depravity? Just a few short days ago I had been
  a 'normal' woman. I had never shown myself off so casually, never had sex so
  casually, and never dreamed of doing the sort of things I had allowed Alan
  and Neil to do to me. Now I had just let Alan finger me to another climax,
  and agreed to allow any number of his friends to have their fun with me. Once
  again, I wondered if I was losing my mind.  
Later that day Alan came into my living room and suggested that as we both
  worked in the same school it would make sense for us to share the same car
  to go to work in. I thought this made sense too, and it was decided that we
  would travel in his car. &quot;See you in the morning then.&quot;, he said,
  and left me alone. I didn't see him again for the rest of the day, and spent
  my time getting ready for the new term.  
I woke on Monday morning with the usual feeling of dread that everyone has
  on their first day back after a break. I had my breakfast, and the showered,
  (And shaved!). As I was coming out of the bathroom Alan appeared. &quot;Show
  me what you're wearing today.&quot;, he said, and so I motioned for him to
  follow me into my bedroom. I had already laid out my clothes for the day. Charcoal
  grey business suit, (jacket and skirt, the female students at my school were
  not allowed to wear trousers, and so neither were the staff). A purple silk
  blouse and black 'sensible' shoes completed the ensemble. Alan surveyed my
  choice. &quot;Not bad.&quot;, he said. &quot;What are you wearing underneath?&quot; &quot;Kickers,
  bra and a pair of tights.&quot; I said.  
He thought for a moment, and then said &quot;No bra. And no horrrible tights
  either. Stockings and suspenders only from now on, right?&quot;  
I nodded, I could feel my pulse quicken as my excitement built. Alan left
  me to get ready. I slipped on my knickers, rolled on my dark stockings and
  fastened them with my suspenders. Then I slipped the silk blouse on and fastened
  the buttons. The silk was cool against my skin and I felt small waves of pleasure
  begin to radiate from my nipples as the soft material brushed against them.
  I hardly ever went out without a bra, and I had most definitely never stood
  in front of a class without wearing one. Today was going to be another first.
  I stepped into my skirt, put on my shoes and jacket and looked at myself in
  the mirror. I looked no different to the way I usually looked. It was not apparent
  that I wasn't wearing a bra, and my suspenders left no visible line on my skirt.
  Satisfied, I went to my living room to wait for Alan.  
He joined me a few moments later. &quot;Did you dress as I said?&quot;, he
  asked. &quot;Yes, of course.&quot;, I replied. &quot;Lets have a look then.&quot;,
  he smiled.  
I smiled back this time, as I slowly lifted the hem of my skirt. I reached
  my stocking tops, but didn't stop there. I lifted my skirt up to my waist,
  so that he was able to inspect my knickers, plain white ones, naturally! Then
  I turned round so that he could have a good look at my tight little bum. I
  was really starting to enjoy myself now, and the knowledge that I had some
  degree of say in what went on was helping me enjoy things even more. Having
  been given Alan's approval, I smothed my skirt back down and made for the door.  
&quot;What about the rest?&quot;, Alan said, still with a smile on his face.
  I stood in front of him and opened my jacket, offering my breasts for his inspection.
  He ran his fingers gently along the sides of my breasts, then cupped each one
  in his hands, before finally running his thumbs over my nipples, which were
  now hard. I could feel myself getting wet, and was about to suggest that we
  both phone in sick for the day, when Alan said, &quot;Right, lets go!&quot;  
The drive to the school were we both worked usually took about 20 minutes.
  We had been driving for about five minutes when Alan said &quot;Lift up your
  skirt and stroke your pussy for me. Don't put your fingers inside your knickers,
  and don't come!&quot;  
I toyed with the idea of objecting, but decided that I would 'go with the
  flow' as it were. Wriggling in my seat, I managed to lift my skirt high up
  my thighs until it was bunched just above my hips. I slid down in the seat,
  opened my legs slightly, and began to gently stroke my pusy lips through the
  soft cotton of my knickers. It felt gloriously wanton, not to say dirty. Driving
  along in broad daylight with my skirt up and my hand busy between my thighs.  
Alan didn't seem to be paying much attention to me, although to be fair,
  he was driving at the time. I soon realised that his mind was on me however.
  Without looking at me at all, he casually asked &quot;So tell me, how old were
  you when you lost your virginity?&quot;  
My legs instinctively closed together. I couldn't believe he had asked me
  such a personal question! I was unable to speak for a moment, but he didn't
  give me much time to think. &quot;Come on, I want to know all your little secrets.
  Tell me about the first time. Tell me who, where, when. Tell me everything
  about it, and keep stroking your pussy while you tell me. But remember; you're
  not allowed to come.&quot;  
I took a deep breath and launched into my answer. I started to tell him all
  about my first time, all the time my fingers were gently stroking the lips
  of my pussy. I could feel myself getting hotter, and I could also distinctly
  feel the fabric of my knickers getting damp. The traffic outside became a blur
  as I continued to unfold the story of my first time to Alan. Of how I'd been
  just past my seventeenth birthday when I'd gone camping with my then boyfriend,
  Joe. (&quot;Seventeen?, Christ Alison, you left it late didn't you. Were you
  saving it up for your old age or something?!&quot;) I told him how it was the
  first time I'd spent the night with a boy. How he'd been the love of my teenage
  life. We'd been together for over two years, since we'd been at school together.
  (&quot;Ah, school sweethearts, how romantic. Did he carry your books home from
  school every day?&quot;) I told him how we'd got into our sleeping bags on
  our first night, and how I'd been so nervous. We'd started to kiss, and then
  he'd started to stroke my breast. (&quot;Was he the first boy to touch your
  tits then? No? You can tell me more about that later. Carry on.&quot;)  
I'd let him touch me over my T-shirt, and then let him put his hand up inside.
  I'd let him touch me there before, but this time it was more than a quick fumble.
  He could roam at will! After a few minutes, his hand had slipped down over
  my hips. I was on my side, facing him and we continued to kiss passionately.
  (&quot;Tongues as well?&quot;) I didn't object as his hand began to stroke
  my bottom, and then I let him roll me onto my back. I'd let him put his hand
  between my legs. I'd only been wearing a T-shirt and a pair of knickers, and
  I'd continued to kiss him while his hand explored the warmth between my thighs.
  (&quot;Was he the first to touch your pussy then? You can tell me how it felt
  to have Joe put his hand in your knickers for the first time later as well.&quot;)  
I had gasped as his fingers had found the waist band of my knickers. And
  then his hand was in, and moving ever lower. He had run his fingers through
  my pubic hair, and then gently pushed my thighs apart. Then he had stroked
  my pussy. I had always enjoyed the sensations, and let him go further this
  time. I'd let him put a finger inside of me. It was then that he'd asked me &quot;Can
  I make love to you Alison?&quot; (&quot;He said that? I bet you went for that
  in those days didn't you? Go on.&quot;)  
I had agreed to make love, and Joe started to unzip our sleeping bags. He
  had started to slip his trousers off, and I had pushed my knickers down to
  my ankles and then took them off and placed them under my pillow. Alan had
  laughed out loud at this. &quot;Under your pillow? Were you expecting the tooth
  fairy or something?&quot;  
Joe had rolled a condom onto his hard cock and then moved on top of me. I'd
  felt the hardness of his cock as he'd placed it at the entrance to my pussy.
  I told how I had put my arms round his neck and held him tightly, waiting for
  the moment when he entered me. Expecting it to hurt, holding onto Joe like
  a drowning sailor, and then feeling him slowly pushing into me. Of how there
  had been no pain, just a sort of stretching feeling and then something had
  given way and he was in me up to the hilt. I'd held on tight to Joe right the
  way through it, even though I'd begun to relax as he'd built up a steady rhythm.
  And then he'd gasped and I felt him twitching inside of me. Then he'd collapsed
  on top of me breathing heavily, and I had been unable to move. Finally, he'd
  rolled off me, and that was that! &quot;So how long did he last then? I bet
  no more than about a minute. I bet he only needed about half a dozen strokes
  before he shot his load into you. Did you enjoy it?&quot;  
&quot;I don't know. I was glad I'd done it. I was glad it hadn't hurt! I
  don't know if I enjoyed it or not, to be honest.&quot;  
I had been stroking my pussy whilst I'd been relating my story to Alan. I
  could feel the heat building inside of me, and my knickers were not damp now,
  they were positively wet. I became aware of my surroundings. We were almost
  at school. I began to pull my skirt back into place. &quot;Stop.&quot;, Alan
  said. &quot;Take your knickers off.&quot;  
&quot;Alan, I can't! I just can't. We're almost at school, someone might
  see.&quot;  
&quot;Take them off, and give them to me.&quot;  
I reached under my skirt, grabbed the gusset of my knickers and pulled them
  down over my knees. We were pulling into the staff car park now, and my pulse
  was racing. What was he going to make me do next? I took my knickers off and
  handed them to him. He put them to his nose and inhalled deeply. &quot;Mmm!,
  essence of Alison, my favourite fragrance.&quot; I had smoothed my skirt into
  place, and was looking round nervously, anxious in case anyone had seen anything.
  He calmly put my knickers into his inside pocket and then turned to me. &quot;You're
  going to go all day without underwear today. I know how hot this will make
  you feel, but you're not allowed to sneak off to the ladies for a quick diddle,
  right. If you behave, I'll give you a reward later. Got that?&quot;  
I nodded. My pussy was throbbing still, and my nipples were super sensitive.
  As we got out of the car a cool morning breeze caused the silk of my blouse
  to mould itself to my breasts. My nipples were obvious to anyone with eyes
  to see. The breeze also found its' way past my stocking tops to the lips of
  my shaven and sensitive pussy lips. I could have come on the spot. With my
  pulse still racing, and my mind buzzing, I made my way into school and tried
  to act naturally.  
I collected my timetable from the main office and headed to the staff room
  for a quick cup of coffee before lessons began. I was feeling very exposed
  and vulnerable in my state of near undress. One of the male teachers, David
  Evans, who taught games and sports, seemed to be paying particular attention
  to me. He had always been a lecherous sod!, now he looked at me with barely
  supressed lust in his eyes. How could he possibly have known about my lack
  of underwear? Possibly his practised eye could spot my state, or perhaps I
  was unwittingly giving off signals. Whatever the reason I felt most uncomfortable
  and left the staff room as quickly as I could.  
I got to my class room and checked my timetable. Fouth year remedial English
  first, followed by fifth year after morning break. The two most difficult groups
  back to back! It was warm in the classroom, and without thinking I took off
  my jacket and left it on a chair at the back of the class. I began to write
  instructions for the class on the blackboard, and immediately noticed how my
  bra-less breasts brushed against the silk of my blouse. I intended to finish
  my writing on the board and then retrieve my jacket before the first class
  arrived. I had misjudged the time however, and before I knew it thirty noisy
  fourteen year olds were crowding into the classroom.  
I knew this group all too well. About twenty boys, the rest girls. All of
  them barely able to read or write, not one interested in learning how to do
  so. The challenge for any teacher was simply to occupy them for the duration
  of the lesson. They settled themselves into their seats and reluctantly opened
  their work books. I explained the instructions on the black board, pointing
  at each instruction as I did so. Something was different. The boys were apparently
  fascinated by everything I had to say, whilst the girls were giggling between
  themselves. Then I realised what the difference was. The boys were totaly focused
  on my chest. I glanced down and saw that my nipples had become hard again,
  and were clearly visible through the fabric of my blouse. I looked around for
  my jacket, and then realised that it was still at the back of the class where
  I had left it. With all their eyes on me I walked as quickly as I could to
  the back of the class. This caused my breasts to sway and bob. A few of the
  boys actually reached down to rub their groins, the rest continued to stare
  intently. The few moments it took me to get to my jacket seemed like an eternity.
  Finally I reached it and hurredly slipped it on. I looked around at the class.
  I had never felt so intimidated in front of a class. I could feel myself blushing,
  I felt hot and embarrassed, and was tempted to leave the room. But then the
  questions started. Could I repeat the instructions please? What was the second
  one again? What is that word on the fourth line down, I can't read your writing.
  And on and on.  
I found myself at the front of the class again, explaining what they had
  to do, pointing to each line and explaining. I tried not to make my embarrassment
  look too obvious, and so I didn't fasten my jacket. Consequently, every time
  I pointed at the board the jacket opened, and they would get a glimpse of my
  breasts. They were having a fine time at my expense, and I felt as though they
  were playing with me. Finally they settled down to some work, and I sank gratefully
  into my chair behind my desk. The lesson passed without further incident, but
  as they all filed past me on their way out the boys had lecherous grins on
  their faces, whilst the girls looked at me like I was little more than dirt.  
News had obviously travelled fast, and as the next class filed in the boys
  all took the front seats. I began the lesson feeling nervous. It was still
  warm in the classroom and I began to perspire. One of the boys, Adam, raised
  his hand to get my attention. He was an unpleasant, surly sort of boy. He always
  gave me the impression that he had been up to something that hadn't been discovered
  yet, and he tended to speak to staff members in a way which just stopped short
  of being disrespectful.  
I nodded to him, &quot;Yes Adam.&quot;  
&quot;Miss, it's really warm in here, can we take our jackets off please?&quot; There
  were sniggers from various sections of the class before he followed up with &quot;You
  look hot too Miss, why don't you take your jacket off as well?&quot; I felt
  the colour begin to rise in my face again, and began to feel very hot and uncomfortable.  
I glared at him and snapped &quot;Just get on with your work.&quot; He looked
  my straight in the eye and shrugged, a half smile on his face. I managed to
  get through the rest of the lesson, and as the lunch bell rang they all got
  up and filed out. Adam looked particularly pleased with himself. After the
  last of them had gone I gratefully took off my jacket and began to fan the
  front of my blouse in and out to get some cool air around my body. I turned
  to pick up something from my desk and jumped as I saw Adam still standing in
  the doorway watching me intently. &quot;I said you looked hot, didn't I? You
  should have done that in class, it would've been better than that shit we had
  to work through.&quot; He smiled at me, challenging me. &quot;Get out!&quot;,
  I yelled. He shrugged again and shuffled off down the corridor still smiling.  
I was seething by the time Alan came into my class a few minutes later. When
  he asked what was wrong I told him what had happened. He found the whole thing
  highly amusing. He even suggested that perhaps I should show a little more
  flesh to keep their attention. &quot;Just fuck off&quot;, I yelled at him.  
&quot;I think part of you liked it this morning.&quot;, he said. I couldn't
  believe what I was hearing. &quot;Didn't I just tell you how uncomfortable
  I felt? Didn't I explain how that was the worst experience I have ever had
  in front of a class? How could you possibly think, even for a moment, that
  I enjoyed that. Christ, you are a twisted bastard at times Alan.&quot;  
&quot;Listen to me you mouthy bitch. Over the last two weeks you've done
  stuff you never would have believed. You've been stripped, spanked, fucked,
  buggered. You've begged, wanked, sucked, obeyed. This morning you willingly
  told me some of your closest secrets and then gave me your knickers which are
  still wet from the frigging you did in the car on the way here. Don't call
  me twisted, and don't try to play the innocent with me Alison, I've seen you
  do too much, remember?&quot;  
I looked around nervously in case anyone had heard. &quot;Alright&quot;,
  I whispered, &quot;But keep your voice down&quot;.  
&quot;Keep your voice down please&quot;.   
   
&quot;OK, keep your voice down please.&quot; I muttered.  
&quot;Fine. Now you can apologise for insulting me, and then I want you to
  lift up your skirt, bend over the desk and get ready for ten smacks.&quot;  
I was appalled. &quot;Alan, please, I can't do that here. What if someone
  caught us? Please, can't it wait until tonight when we get home. Please Alan?&quot;  
&quot;No chance. Do as you are told and get over that desk. Any more delays
  and I'll make it twenty smacks.&quot;  
My heart felt like it was in my mouth, I was trembling all over, but I was
  also raising the hem of my skirt. I pulled it up over my hips exposing my shaven
  mound to his gaze, and then bent over my desk, with my bottom towards him and
  waited for the punishment. He stood behind me, relishing the view.  
&quot;Haven't you forgotten something?&quot;, he said.  
I was confused for a moment, and then realised. &quot;Alan, I'm really sorry
  I spoke to you like that. It won't happen again I promise.&quot; I gasped as
  the first blow hit my bottom, and called out quietly &quot;One&quot;.  
&quot;Good girl.&quot;, he cooed between smacks. &quot;Now you're learing.
  From now on you'll do exactly as I tell you, both inside school and outside,
  is that clear? If I tell you to strip stark bollock naked in front of a whole
  class, you'll do it. Got that?&quot;  
He had given me my ten smacks, and now his fingers had wormed their way between
  my legs to caress the lips of my pussy. His thumb slipped inside my wet tunnel,
  whilst his long fingers found my clit and began to tease it, making it harden.  
&quot;Did you hear me bitch? I said you are to do anything I say to anyone
  I say from now on. Do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Alan.&quot;, I moaned, waves of pleasure washing over my body from
  my aching clit.  
&quot;And?&quot;  
&quot;I'll do anything you say, I promise. Only please don't make me do anything
  in front of the pupils Alan.&quot; The idea of being made to undress in front
  of those horrible boys was both apalling, and fantastically exciting.  
&quot;I may save it up for an end of term treat. You could arrange for the
  girls to be elsewhere, and give the boys something to remember you by. Something
  like a strip, or even a blow job. How would you fancy sucking twenty randy
  fifteen year olds off into your mouth?&quot;  
The idea drove me over the edge, and my orgasm left me gasping for breath
  as I bent over the desk. When I had recovered Alan told me to give him a blow
  job, &quot;A nice slow one. Make it last, we've still got half an hour of lunch
  break!&quot;  
And so, with my skirt still bunched around my waist I knelt down in front
  of him, opened his trousers and pulled out his hardening cock. I stroked and
  caresed it, easing the foreskin back and forth. I licked along its shaft before
  running my tongue over the head. A tiny drop of clear liquid seeped from its'
  hole and I kissed this with my lips before taking the large purple head into
  my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the head, the way I knew he liked, and
  began to suck gently, bobbing my head up and down. He groaned with pleasure
  and his cock grew still further in my mouth. I continued to suck and lick for
  what seemed like ages, my jaw ached and my nostrills were filled with the smell
  of his body. Suddenly, he tensed and then his hot salty jism was hitting the
  back of my throat. I swallowed every drop, and then gradually he began to subside,
  shrinking in my mouth.  
I stood up, licking my lips instinctively. He looked me up and down. &quot;You're
  getting pretty good at that. Must be all the practice you've been getting.&quot; And
  he smiled at me. I smiled back. When I felt this way, there was nothing I wouldn't
  do for him. He made me turn around so that he could examine my bottom. His
  hands cupped my buttocks and then stroked them appreciatively. Finally he said &quot;OK,
  you can cover yourself up again now, but remember, you do as you're told from
  now on.&quot;  
I smoothed my skirt back into place and nodded, &quot;Yes Alan&quot;., I
  murmered.  
The rest of the day passed without further embarrasment on my part, probably
  because I was teaching first and second year students in the afternoon. After
  the end of day bell rang, I collected my things and headed off to find Alan,
  eager to get home and end what had been a difficult day.  
I found Alan near the main office, talking to the Head Master. As I approached
  they both looked in my direction and I got the distinct feeling they were discussing
  me. The Head looked me up and down, his eyes lingering on my breasts as I walked
  towards them. I could feel my breasts moving around as I walked, my nipples
  brushing gently against the silk of my blouse. I knew my nipples were becoming
  erect, but I knew that if I fastened my jacket I would only draw attention
  to them further. I made my way towards them and nodded to the Head in acknowledgement
  before saying to Alan &quot;Hi. Ready to go?&quot;, in as matter - of - fact
  way as I could.  
Alan's reply made me inwardly groan. &quot;I'm going to be a while, there's
  some marking I need to do. The Head Master here was just saying that there's
  a whole load of filing he needs doing in his office. I said you would be happy
  to help out whils you waited for me to finish. That's ok isn't it?&quot; &quot;Great!&quot;,
  I thought, &quot;Now I get to spend time in the office of that old letch while
  I wait for Alan to collect me&quot;. Instead I smilled at them both and said &quot;Of
  course, no problem at all&quot;. I was too new at the school to refuse, plus
  I knew what I'd get if I didn't do what Alan told me.  
&quot;Excellent Alison.&quot; the Head murmered. &quot;I'm really grateful.
  And it will give us a chance to get to know each other. Come on in when you're
  ready.&quot; And with that, he went off to his office.  
&quot;Why am I doing this Alan?&quot;, I whispered to him. &quot;You know
  he gives me the creeps, always looking at me as though he's undressing me.
  Why do I have to spend time with him?&quot;  
&quot;Because&quot;, Alan said, obviously relishing the moment, &quot;He's
  looking to appoint a new head of department at the end of this term. I know
  he fancies you, and so when he was whining on about his filing, I offered your
  services. He was most grateful, so just don't go upsetting him right? I'm well
  into his good books for this, and I want it to stay that way. Now go to the
  loo and put these back on.&quot; He handed me my knickers from that morning. &quot;Make
  sure he gets to see your stocking tops, and just a couple of flashes of these.  
I was appaled. &quot;You mean I have to let that old bastard see up my skirt,
  just so that you can get a better job?&quot; I was about to object, about to
  tell Alan that I wouldn't do it, when I remembered my promise. I would do anything
  he told me to do. I had to trust him that it wouldn't go too far, and that
  I would enjoy it into the bargain.  
&quot;How long will you be?&quot;, I asked.  
&quot;Only about half an hour. Just long enough for him to get a few quick
  flashes! Oh, and if he tries to touch you up, just treat it as a joke, ok?&quot;  
&quot;Some bloody joke!&quot; I replied. So that was the game. Alan let the
  Head play with me for a bit, and in return he was front runner for the departmental
  job. I resigned myself to a half hour with a dirty old man and slipped off
  to the toilets. I went into one of the cubicles, lifted my skirt and slipped
  an experimental finger between my pussy lips. Sure enough, I was soaking wet.
  The idea of prostituting myself had got my motor running yet again. I made
  my decision there and then. Alan obviously knew what would turn me on better
  that I did myself. I drew a deep breath and then told myself &quot;OK. Whatever
  he wants from now on, I'll do at once. No questions, no doubts.&quot;  
I pulled my knickers back on, left the cubicle and checked my make up in
  the mirror. &quot;Better make myself look good for the old goat&quot; I told
  myself. Then I looked at myself in the full length mirror and on an impulse
  I opened a couple of buttons on my blouse. I was now showing quite a bit of
  cleavage, and bent forward to check my theory. Yes!, if I bent over just so,
  he would be able to see right down the front of my top, would catch the odd
  glimpse of my bra-less boobs!  
I left the toilets and went directly to his office. No one else was around.
  I knocked at the door, and without waiting for a response, I opened it and
  went inside. He was sitting behind an impressive oak desk in an old black leather
  recliner chair. He looked up and smiled at me. &quot;Do come in Alison. I really
  appreciate your help with all these files, you're sure you don't mind?&quot;  
&quot;No, not at all Head Master.&quot;, I replied, sounding a little breathless. &quot;I'm
  happy to help in any way I can Sir&quot;. I added the &quot;Sir&quot; bit thinking
  he would like this. I was not disappointed, he positively beamed at me.  
He was probably in his mid fifties with a middle age paunch and a full head
  of steel grey hair neatly slicked back. Pale blue eyes looked me up and down
  lingering on my stocking clad legs and then on my chest. &quot;Where would
  you like me to start?&quot; I enquired. He indicated a large pile of files
  on his desk, and directed me to file them in alphabetical order in the filing
  cabinet on the other side of the office. To do the filing I would have to stand
  with my back to him, and wondered how I was going to comply with Alan's instructions
  to 'give him a couple of flashes'  
I moved towards the desk, and said &quot;Would you mind if I took my jacket
  off please Sir?&quot; &quot;Yes, of course Alison. Make yourself comfortable.&quot;  
I slipped my jacket off my shoulders and placed it on the back of a chair.
  Then I leant over his desk to pick up a bundle of files. As I did so I saw
  his eyes drop to the front of my blouse which now opened invitingly. I went
  to the filing cabinet and began to file. I could feel his eyes burning into
  me, and made sure that whenever I had to place a file in the bottom two drawers
  I bent over from the hips, so that he had a perfect view of my bottom. After
  a few minutes he stood up and walked over to me. He stood beside me, looking
  through some papers which had been left on top of a nearby table and began
  talking to me, apparently making small talk. Did I like working at the school.
  Had I settled in alright. How long had I known Alan. Did I have a boyfriend.  
All the time he was clearly enjoying the view. I would bend over to put a
  file in a drawer, giving him a clear view of the top of my breasts. I knelt
  down to put a file away, letting my skirt ride up to expose my stocking tops.
  Then I 'accidentally' dropped a number of files. Being the perfect gentleman,
  he bent down to help me retrieve them, and that was when I let my knees part
  just a fraction, giving him a clear view of a the small white triangle of my
  knickers. After a few minutes of this, his face had become quite red! I was
  beginning to enjoy myself and was trying to work out how to give him another
  flash, when Alan appeared at the door. &quot;Ready when you are&quot;, he said,
  and immediately left again.  
&quot;Would you excuse me now please Sir&quot;, I said in a little girl voice.  
&quot;Yes of course Alison. Thank you very much indeed for your help.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps I could come back tomorrow afternoom to finish?&quot; I enquired.  
&quot;Oh yes, that would be splendid.&quot; He said.  
I walked past him to retrieve my jacket, which again I 'accidentally' dropped. &quot;Oh
  dear&quot;., I said &quot;I seem to be dropping everything this afternoon.&quot; The
  double entendre was not lost on him as I saw his eyes narrow, like a predator
  as he looked at me. I bent to pick up my jacket, again letting my legs part
  and giving him another tatalising glimpse of my underwear.  
I took my time putting my jacket on, pusing my breasts out to meet his gaze
  as I slipped my arms into the sleeves, then I bent over again to straighten
  my stockings, feeling his eyes peering down my blouse.  
&quot;I'll come back tomorrow then Sir?&quot;  
&quot;I shall look forward to it Alison.&quot;, he cooed. He walked beside
  me, accompanying me to the door of his office. He put his hand around my waist
  as he did so , and I made no effort to move away. Then, as I reached for the
  door handle his hand slipped from my waist, over my hips and stroked my bottom.
  I turned to look at him. He was watching me intently, trying to guage my reaction.
  I smiled at him and said &quot;Goodnight Sir&quot;, as I slipped out of his
  officet.  
Once we were in the car Alan wanted to know everything that had gone on.
  I told him in the minutest detail, leaving nothing out, even confessing that
  I had enjoyed myself.  
&quot;I bet you're all wet now aren't you?&quot;, he asked.  
I slipped a finger into my knickers, found my hot little slit and felt the
  slick juices which coated not only my pussy, but also the top of my thighs. &quot;Oh
  God Alan, I'm soaking. Can I come please? Oh Please Alan, please let me come,
  I've been a good girl today. I've done everything you've told me to do. Please
  let me come Alan&quot;.  
To my dismay, he told me I had to wait until I got home. It was the longest
  20 minutes of my life made all the worse by that fact that I had to relate
  to Alan my first sexual experiences. He wanted to know when I had first started
  to masturbate, who had been the first boy to touch my breasts, who had been
  the first one to see them. Who had been the first to touch my pussy, to see
  it. When had I first seen a penis, when had I first seen one hard. Who had
  I given my first blow job to. All of my secrets were revealed, one by one.
  By the time we got home I was on fire with burning, humiliating desire. He
  told me to undress, then to undress him. Then I had to lick his prick until
  he was hard, then lick his balls, lick his arse. I had to bend over in front
  of him, pull my pussy lips apart, stroke my clit. Then he made me lay across
  his lap and proceeded to give me twenty smacks onto my bare bottom for being &quot;A
  naughty, brazen, dirty little girl. First you show yourself off to the Head
  Master, then you spend the whole journey home talking of nothing but sex. Tell
  me what a dirty little bitch you are.&quot;  
And I did. As Alan's fingers began to stroke the lips of my pussy, I declared
  myself to him. &quot;I am dirty Alan. When you told me to go into the Head's
  office I wanted to say no, but when I went to the toilets I felt how wet I
  was I knew what a hot little bitch I've become. I want you to use me Alan.
  I'll do anything you want, I promise. I wont argue Alan. Anything. Oh God Alan&quot;.
  I was consumed by a massive, shattering orgasm. The latest in so many, and
  with so many more to come.  
Chapter 8.   
   
After Alan had brought me to a massive climax I was made to lie on my back
  with my legs spread wide apart. Alan moved between my thighs and positioned
  the head of his cock at the entrance to my sopping pussy. He slowly pushed
  into me, and I relished the feelings of pleasure radiating from my hot tunnel.  
&quot;Supposing I told you to do whatever it took to get me the Departmental
  Head's job? Even if it meant being the Head's plaything for the rest of the
  term? Are you up to that?&quot;, he asked as he continued to build up a steady
  rhythm.  
Without hesitation I said &quot;I told you I'd do anything you tell me to
  do. I promised. Tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it. I'll let him
  touch me, play with me, strip me, screw me. Anything you say Alan, anything.&quot;  
&quot;Good, because I know he fancies you. I've seen the way he looks at
  you. I bet he'd like to strip you bare and smack your arse. I bet he's well
  into that, and you're such a convincing naughty girl aren't you? Could you
  cope with having that old bastard's hands all over you?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes Alan.&quot; I breathed. &quot;I'll let him do anything he likes
  to me. Do you want me to start tomorrow? I told him I'd be back to help him
  some more then. Should I give him a reason to be angry with me?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes, excellent&quot;, he groaned. I felt him twitching inside of
  me, felt his hot jism shooting up into me, and then he collapsed on top of
  me, panting. I stroked his back, his hair. I kissed his neck, ran my tongue
  over his skin. I was besotted. I wanted to please him in every way possible
  and I was relishing the prospect of being his to command totally.  
Alan left me soon afterwards. Left me alone with my fantasies and my still
  hot pussy. I lay on my back in the middle of my living room. I opened my legs
  wide and ran my fingers down to the lips of my pussy, which was leaking his
  cum. I worked my fingers into my hot slit, savouring the slickness there from
  his juices. I pulled my fingers out and brought them slowly to my lips. I could
  smell his jism on my fingers and slowly and deliberately I slipped them into
  my mouth. I loved the taste of him. I ran my tongue over my fingers sucking
  his taste into my mouth. Then I ran my fingers back into my pussy and continued
  sucking his juices into my mouth over and over again. I brought myself to a
  beautiful, delicate orgasm and as the warmth of it spread over me I felt a
  thrill of excitement at the thought of what lay in store.  
As the feelings subsided, I made my way to the bathroom where I immersed
  myself in a deliciously warm shower. I lathered myself all over, wishing that
  Alan, (and anyone else !), were there to watch.  
After my shower, I got dressed, made myself a meal and sat down to do my
  marking for the evening. After about 45 minutes the phone rang. It was John.
  For a few short minutes I forgot about my on-going debauchery. I was no longer
  Alan's bitch in heat, but once again John's loving partner. We talked about
  our day - obviously I sanitised mine - and were engaged in general chit-chat
  when Alan walked into the room. He didn't knock or wait to be invited in, he
  just calmly walked into the living room whilst I was in mid-conversation with
  John, who was still half a world away, and stood there, listening intently.  
It didn't take him long to work out who I was talking to, largely because
  I made liberal use of John's name! This was my way of warning Alan not to say
  or do anything explicit. I should have known better! Whilst I was still talking
  to John, he motioned me to stand up. Naturally, I did so at once, I was now
  so given over to him. As I stood there speaking to John in Australia, Alan
  started to open the buttons on the denim shirt I was wearing. One by one he
  opened them all, until my shirt was completely open. He then deliberately pushed
  the shirt off my shoulders. I shrugged it off, letting it fall to the floor,
  leaving me wearing a bra and a pair of jeans. He then un-hooked my bra and
  pulled it away from my body, leaving my breasts exposed. I continued to chat
  away to John as if nothing untoward was happening, but my heart had begun to
  beat more rapidly.  
Then Alan reached for the zip of my jeans. My nipples hardened as I felt
  it slowly descend. I didn't trust myself to watch as Alan slowly stripped me,
  and so I only had the vibrations from the zip to rely on. I felt the zip reach
  its' end, and could also feel a thrill of adrenalin coursing though my body.
  This was as close as I'd ever felt to being discovered by John. Here I was,
  chatting away about nothing in particular to him on the other side of the world,
  whilst his erstwhile best friend undressed me with delicious deliberation.  
The button of my jeans was next. I felt the waistband of my jeans give as
  Alan released it. As I desperately treid not to react, not to give John any
  inclination of what was going on. I felt Alan gently tugging on my jeans ,
  and felt them start to descend. They reached my knees before Alan motioned
  for me to sit down. Then he grabbed hold of the end of each leg and pulled
  them from me completely. I was told to stand again and instantly obeyed, my
  heart beating wildy. This felt dangerous. Even though John was 12,000 miles
  away, it was like he was almost in the room with us. I stood before Alan, wearing
  only a pair of thin white cotton knickers. I continued to talk to John about
  nothing at all - what was on TV that night, what was happening in the news,
  when he would be returning to the UK, even the bloody football scores. All
  the time Alan walked around me, assessing me, appraising me. He cupped my right
  breast, ran his thumb over the very tip of my nipple making it stand proud,
  almost causing me to gasp out loud. He let his hand brush against the cheeks
  of my bottom. I instinctively pushed my hips back towards him, willing him
  to caress my pert little bum.  
Then he stood in front of me. He looked me straight in the eyes and reached
  out with both hands. I knew what was coming next, and braced myself for it.
  He placed his hands on my hips, and let them rest there. Then he motioned for
  me to do the rest. I indicated to him that I wanted him to hold the phone for
  me, which he did, and then I pushed my knickers down my thighs, past my knees
  and down to my ankles. I kicked them away and stood there, stark naked. I took
  back the phone and continued to talk to John while Alan looked me up and down.
  He walked round me again, almost as if he were surveying his property, which
  in a way I suppose he was. His palms stroked my naked bum, he ran his fingertips
  across the sides of my breasts, then teased and tweaked my nipples making them
  hard.  
Finally, the moment I secretly dreaded. His long cool fingers, which had
  brought me to so many intense orgasms, began to stroke the inside of my thighs.
  I tried to resist him, clamping my legs together and trying to move away, but
  eventually I had to admit defeat. I stood with my legs apart, letting him caress
  my lips, stroke my most secret place. His fingers prised apart the lips of
  my pussy, found the hot, moist entrance to my love tunnel, and began to tease.  
He inserted the very tip of his middle finger into my hot hole. I tried to
  get more into me, but he pulled back causing me to push my hips forward. Still
  he withdrew, teasing me maddeningly. He ran the tip of his fingernail along
  the tip of my pussy lips sending jangling electric impulses through my body.
  I was still trying to communicate with John. It was maddening. He suddenly
  ducked his head down and sucked my left nipple into his mouth, swirling his
  tongue around the auriola and making it harden almost painfully. I don't know
  how I prevented myself from crying out, because the ecstacy of it all was becoming
  too much to bear.  
John was saying something, something about a summer holiday when he got back
  to the UK, but I was starting to lose concentration. I was unable to take in
  what he was saying. Finally, the door bell came to my rescue. The famliar ringing
  transmitted itself down the phone line, giving me a plausible excuse for ending
  my phone call to John. I hung up the phone with a feeling of desperate relief.  
&quot;Now who the fuck can that be?&quot;, Alan said, clearly irritated by
  the interruption.  
I was more relieved than I could say - this had been a close one. &quot;I'll
  find out&quot;. I said. I ran to my bedroom and grabbed my dressing gown, pulling
  it on and fastening it as I ran down the stairs to the front door of the flat.
  I reached the door and opened it to find Neil standing there. I hadn't seen
  or heard from him since the evening with Alan, when he had virtually raped
  my tight bottom, and I was unsure of my feelings towards him. I felt a thrill
  of excitement, and a little fear, course through my body at the sight of him.
  There was something dangerous about Neil. Alan wanted to control me mentally,
  but with Neil I felt like just a piece of meat. I felt that the more physical
  humiliation he put me through, the more he would like it.  
&quot;Hello, tight arse!, how've you been?&quot;, he belowed in a voice loud
  enough to turn heads. &quot;How's that tight little fanny. Have you been keeping
  it warm for me?&quot; I grabbed him by the coat sleeve and dragged him into
  the entrance hall, slamming the door behind him.  
&quot;OK, girl, don't get over excited&quot;, he said, smiling. &quot;Let's
  see if you're as tasty as I remember shall we? Open up and let me have a look
  at you.&quot; I untied the belt of my dressing gown and held it open. His eyes
  raked up and down my body, taking it all in. He reached out and roughly mauled
  my breasts, pressing them together. Then he took hold of both my nipples between
  thumb and forefinger and began to squeeze and pull them. It wasn't painful,
  but it was uncomfortable and soon had me squirming around trying to ease the
  pressure on them. &quot;Oh yes!, very nice indeed.&quot; He breathed, as his
  hands swept over my breasts once more, my nipples now hard and puckered. Without
  a moment's hesitation he thrust his hand between my legs, pushing my thighs
  apart. Without thinking, I automatically opened them to allow him access. His
  fat fingers probed my pussy lips. I was still wet from Alan's attentions a
  few minutes earlier and he quickly found this out as he slipped first one,
  and then a second finger inside me and began to finger fuck me roughly. His
  thumb found the base of my clit and began to press, causing it to protrude
  from under its' hood. My breathing began to quicken as I responded to his fingers,
  my breasts rising and falling as I did so. I began to move my hips in time
  to his fingers.  
&quot;Nice to know you haven't forgotten me, tight arse. Ready for some fun
  are we?&quot;  
I was unable to reply as the waves of pleasure ran through me. He pulled
  his fingers from my pussy and sniffed at them. &quot;Lick them clean.&quot;,
  he ordered. I took hold of his hand and guided his fingers into my mouth. I
  wrapped my tongue around them, as I had done with his cock, and sucked all
  of my juices from his fingers. When I'd finished he made me take off my dressing
  gown walk stark naked in front of him, up to my living room where Alan waited.
  All the way up the stairs I could feel his eyes staring into my naked bottom.
  I took a couple of opportunities to stumble and fall forward, giving him a
  view of my pussy as I did so. When we reached my living room Neil said &quot;She's
  hot to trot tonight Al, what's been going on then?&quot;  
Alan then told him the story of the day's events. My journey to school, my
  encounters with the fourth and fifth years, the Head Master, my journey home
  and finally, my conversation with John.  
&quot;What a dirty litle bitch you are, aren't you?&quot;, he said, looking
  at me with pure lust in his eyes. I hung my head and said nothing. This wasn't
  good enough for Neil. &quot;I said, you're a dirty little bitch aren't you?&quot;,
  he barked.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; I mumbled.  
&quot;What? Speak up you tart.&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;, I said, &quot;I am a dirty little bitch Neil&quot;.  
He moved towards me, finally standing just a few inches in front of me. I
  could feel his hot breath on my face, could smell his body odour. He reached
  out slowly, almost in slow motion I watched him reach out for my nipples. He
  grabbed both of them and squeezed. The pain was incredible, and then he stared
  to twist them. I grabbed his wrists and stood on tip-toe to relieve the pain,
  but he was far stronger than me and I was reduced to squealing and wimpering,
  begging him to stop.  
&quot;Ask me to smack your fat arse and I might let go&quot;., he yelled.  
&quot;Oh, God. Please Neil, please smack my arse. I deserve it. Please Neil.
  Please smack me.&quot;  
&quot;And what then you dirty little slag? Tell me why I should spank you
  red raw?&quot;  
My brain was clouded in a fog of pain, but part of me was enjoying my discomfort.
  I was enjoying this abuse. I craved the punishment Neil was so intent on dispensing.  
&quot;You should smack my bare bottom because I'm a rude and dirty girl.
  I've been rude and naughty all day. I've played with myself in the car on the
  way to work, I've prick teased a group of innocent young boys and I've shown
  my knickers to the Head Master. I sucked Alan off in the classroom at lunch
  time and after he had shagged me this evening, I fingered myself until I came.
  Then I let him strip me and finger me while I talked to John. I'm a dirty little
  slag Neil. I'm so sorry. Please punish me, the way I deserve. Please Neil.
  Make me pay for being so naughty. I deserve it. Please Neil. I'm really sorry,
  I'll do anything you say to make amends. Oh, please Neil. Please Neil. Please.......  
He still had hold of my nipples. I was still on tip-toe. Pain was radiating
  from my breasts, but heat was emanating from my loins. I wanted to be abused.
  I was enjoying the pain. I wanted more. Neil was obviously enjoying himself
  immensely. Without relaxing his grip on my tender nipples he asked, &quot;So
  what if I do smack your arse as you deserve. What do I get for teaching you
  a lesson you deserve?&quot;  
&quot;Anything,&quot; I breathed, really meaning it. &quot;Neil, I would
  do anything, I promise.&quot;  
&quot;Is that right?&quot; he said, a menacing look on his face. He gave
  my nipples an extra twist, making me stand on tip-toes even higher.  
&quot;Yes, Oh God, yes. Anything&quot; I said. I was totally in his power,
  no one else existed, not even Alan. He was twisting my nipples and at the same
  time pulling me closer to him. We were almost face to face.  
&quot;Alan tells me you don't like it up the arse.&quot;, he said.  
&quot;I, er, well I , er......&quot;  
&quot;You'll take it up the shitter any time I say from now on, right? Whether
  it's me, Alan or anyone else. If I say they can give it to you up the arse,
  that's good enough, right?&quot;  
I began to sob, &quot;No! I wont do that again. It hurt so much. Please don't
  make me do that again. I'll do anything else you say, anything, only please
  Neil, don't do that to me again. I'm begging you Neil. Please.&quot; I know
  I had told Alan no more anal stuff, but he had never forced his cock into my
  bottom. Neil had, and I was truly scared that he was about to do it again.  
I saw him hesitate for a moment, and then he said &quot;Right. let's talk
  this through shall we? You say you don't want it up the arse, but you've said
  you don't want so many things that you enjoy now, haven't you? A couple of
  minutes ago I told you to show me everything you've got and you did, without
  hesitation. Then I stuck a couple of fingers up your cunt and you loved it
  didn't you? DIDN'T YOU?&quot; he yelled.  
&quot;Yes!&quot;, I cried out. I could feel a throbbing in my loins. I was
  fantasically turned on. Neil was still twisting my nipples. An intense pain
  was radiating from them which seemed to be directly connected to my aching
  slit. I could feel my clit throbbing. I stood there, stark naked, with Alan
  watching, while Neil pinched and twisted my nipples, feeling more aroused than
  I can describe.  
&quot;So all of these things you would never have done in your boring, tight
  arsed, feminist life, you will do now whenever I tell you. Is that right?&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;, I sobbed. I was too turned on to argue with him.  
&quot;So, what makes you think you wont enjoy being made to take it up the
  arse?&quot;, he said, sneering at me. &quot;Face facts love, you enjoy being
  made to do the very things you complain about. You've had every chance to opt
  out of this, but you still keep coming back for more. Admit it. You love being
  made to do whatever me or Alan say. In fact, we don't make you. We just say
  so, and you do it. It's just what you want really isn't it?&quot;  
My head was spinning. The pain in my breasts was clouding my brain, but that
  was nothing to the aching in my burning pussy. I felt humiliated beyond belief,
  and I was loving every minute of it. I had been telling myself all day that
  I would surrender myself to Alan completely. Now came the time when I realy
  had to surrender myself to Neil as well, or face the end of the game.  
&quot;I'm sorry Neil.&quot;, I said, tears running down my cheeks. &quot;I'm
  really sorry for complaining. I'll do whatever you tell me to do, because that's
  what I like. I wont complain again, I promise. Tell me what to do, and I'll
  do it, I promise.&quot;  
I felt a strange feeling of relief at this. Almost as though I'd been fighting
  my innermost instincts. And now I was free. Free to do whatever Alan and Neil
  told me to do.  
&quot;Right then. Now we've got that straight, here's what you're going to
  do. You're going to suck me until I'm good and hard, and then you're going
  to squat over me and push my prick up your arse. Then you're going to arse
  fuck me until I shoot my load up your arse. Any problems with that, tight arse?&quot; He
  spoke as if it were the most matter-of-fact thing in the world. I knew what
  I was going to say.  
&quot;No Neil, I don't have a problem with that. Do you want me to start
  now?&quot;  
&quot;No. Get me a beer first. And get Alan one too. You'll be staying to
  watch Al, wont you?&quot;  
Alan nodded, the familiar smile back on his face.  
Obediently, I went to the kitchen and got them both a beer out of the fridge.
  Having opened the cans and handed them to them both I knelt in front of Neil
  and began to open his jeans. He raised his buttocks do I could pull down his
  jeans and boxer shorts to below his knees, and then I started work on his shaft.
  It lay there, limp and flacid. I took it into my mouth and began to suck and
  wank it into my mouth. I felt it begin to swell and grow, and I contiued to
  work on it in the way I knew he liked until it was strong and stiff. I was
  still surprised at the size and thickness of it, and remembered how it had
  felt when he had forced it up my bottom the last time. This time I would be
  pushing it in there myself. The thought made me tense and nervous, but the
  thrill of excitement was till there.  
After about five minutes of sucking on his hardening member, I looked over
  at Alan and he handed me a tube of lubricant gel. I took it hesitantly, and
  squeezed a small amount onto my fingers. The two of them watched intently as
  I smeared the gel onto, and into my bum hole. I inserted first one, and then
  two fingers into my tight hole, smearing the gel inside and out. Then I turned
  my back to Neil, squatted over him and began to lower myself onto his knob.
  I grasped hold of his shaft with one hand and steered myself down onto it.  
I positioned the head of his shaft at the entrance to my bottom, drew a deep
  breath, and began to descend onto him. I felt the muscle gradually give way,
  heard him groan with pleasure, and then felt him gradually filling up my bowells.
  I was breathing deeply, trying to stay relaxed. I began to bob up and down
  on his member, each time getting lower and lower, pushing him deeper and deeper
  into me. I could feel his hot breath on my back, and knew that he was enjoying
  himself. I rested my hands on his thighs to give me support, and began to increase
  the pace. I began to move my hips back and forth to increase his pleasure.
  I was beginning to enjoy myself as I impalled my bottom onto his over-size
  organ, I was relishing in the total surrender to him and the complete wantonness
  of my behaviour.  
Suddenly, Alan appeared in front of me. He knelt in front of me and reached
  out towards my pussy. Then he began to stroke my pussy lips, pushing them apart,
  spreading them. Hot waves of pleasure began to wash over me. Alan had found
  my clit. Was running his finger aroung it in tiny circles. My brain was confused,
  my heart pounding. I sighed, and sank down fully onto Neil's Shaft, now deep
  in my bottom. The pain and the pleasure mingled inseperably. I continued to
  move up and down on Neil's shaft with increasing urgency as Alan continued
  to tease and flick my hard little button. Then I felt Neil twitch and begin
  to shoot hot jism into my bottom. I clamped my legs together onto Alan's hand
  and came again.  
I was lost in my own little world. Waves of pleasure were radiating through
  my body as my orgasm subsided. I could feel my nipples throbbing with both
  pain and pleasure, and I could still feel my tight little hole gripping Neil's
  now shrinking member. I slid to the floor and lay there trying to catch my
  breath, enjoying the fading embers of pleasure. Neil's voice brought me back
  to the real world.  
&quot;Lick it clean.&quot;, he commanded. I was disgusted. His flacid organ
  had obvious signs of where it had just been. I hesitated for a moment. Could
  I do this? What he was telling me to do made my stomach lurch. And yet, even
  as I thought this I was moving onto my knees. I moved between his legs and
  bowed my head into his lap. I took hold of his cock, closed my eyes and silpped
  his purple head into my mouth. I knew what I was tasting. Mingled in with the
  taste of his jism and the lubricating gell was a different taste. It was bitter.
  I could smell my own faeces, taste it. I looked up at Neil. He was clearly
  enjoying himself immensely. I continued to lick around his cock until the taste
  had gone. As I did so he began to swell again. God!, was he never satisfied?  
&quot;Enjoying yourself?&quot; He said, a broad grin on his face. I nodded,
  sucking harder on his glans. The truth was, I was enjoying every sordid minute
  of it. It seemed that nothing was too much for me now. I would do anything,
  and enjoy doing it. I was never more than a minute or two from full arousal
  these days, and I was loving every minute of it.  
&quot;Stand up, Alison.&quot; Neil ordered.  
I stood and looked at him.  
&quot;Hands on head, like the naughty girl you are.&quot; I obeyed instantly.  
He stood, pulled up his jeans over his half erect member and fastened them.
  Curiously, I felt disappointed. Was that it for the evening then?  
&quot;I think you should be punished for being so disgustingly randy. How
  cheap can you get? Letting Alan strip and finger you while you talked nonsense
  to poor old John, half a world away.&quot; (I couldn't help but marvel at this
  - he'd had great fun laughing at John while he used me like a peice of meat.
  I could see the way this was going, and my heart began to beat faster in response.)  
I hung my head in apparent shame.  
&quot;Don't you think you should be punished?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Neil, I mean, if you think so Neil.&quot; I stammered in my most
  contrite voice.  
&quot;Right!&quot;, he barked. &quot;Marching on the spot. Begin.&quot;  
Feeling more than a little strange, I began to march on the spot. &quot;Faster.
  And get those knees up higher. HIGHER&quot;. He yelled. I frantically pushed
  my knees as high as I could. He stood there, watching, smirking. Alan sat back
  in his chair with the familiar smile on his face. After a minute or so, I was
  breathing heavily, but I kept going.  
&quot;You're going to keep marching until I tell you to stop. And while you
  march, I'm going to punish you. Understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Neil.&quot; I panted.  
And then he began to rain smacks on my bare bottom. I squealed with each
  blow, and soon he began to hit the back of my legs. My backside felt like it
  was on fire. Still he kept on, still I kept marching. I closed my eyes and
  tried to concentrate. The blows stopped for a second, but I continued to march.
  Then my eyes shot open with pure shock. Neil had begun to slap my breasts!
  The sudden pain collided head on with the pleasure mounting in my pussy and
  I almost came on the spot. Instead I let out a piercing scream. Another slap.
  I groaned. Then another, and another. I was sobbing now with a mixture of pain
  and pleasure.  
&quot;Stop!&quot;, Neil commanded.  
I stood motionless, tears running down my face, my breaths coming in ragged
  sobs, making my breasts heave. I could feel the wetness between my legs.  
Neil stood in front of me, a sly grin on his face. He ran his hands over
  my belly, down towards my pussy lips. &quot;Now what do you think I'll find
  down here now?&quot;, he chuckled to himself. Alan laughed too. I felt my face
  flush with embarrassment. To think of all I had done to them, for them, and
  I was still embarrassed at them knowing how much I enjoyed being punished.
  His fingers reached the top of my pussy lips. I held my breath. He ran the
  tip of a finger along the lips, I opened my legs further to allow him access.
  He lifted the finger to his nose and sniffed. I could see it wet from my juices.
  He put his hand back between my legs and spread my lips with his index and
  third fingers, and then began to stroke between them with his middle finger.  
I groaned out loud, and realised that I was no longer just resting my hands
  on my head, my fingers were entwined in my hair, gripping tightly. His finger
  slowly penetrated me, slipping effortlessly into my sopping tunnel. I could
  feel my juices running down my thighs. And then he withdrew his finger and
  ran it along my pussy until he reached my clit. My little button was now hard
  and errect. The moment his finger touched the sensitive tip I began to groan
  and moan. My fingers gripped my hair still tighter and I began to move my pelvis
  back and forward. Neil didn't move at all, he just left his hand there and
  let me gyrate on his fingers.  
&quot;Would you like to come now Alison?&quot;, he murmered.  
&quot;Oh, God Yes!&quot; I almost screamed. &quot;Please Neil. Please let
  me come.&quot;  
&quot;You mean you want to bring yourself off, right now. On my hand. In
  front of Alan. Is that what you want?&quot;  
&quot;Yes. Oh Yes. Oh Please Neil.&quot;  
He paused for a moment. I continued to rub his finger over my clit.  
&quot;OK, Alison. You can come now.&quot; He grinned. And of course, I did.
  I screamed, I moaned. I sobbed, and I came, massively.  
I fell to my knees, my breath coming in ragged gasps, sobs racking my entire
  body. After what seemed like hours, my breathing returned to something like
  normal.  
&quot;Stand up, Alison.&quot; Neil commanded.  
I slowly got to my feet and stood in front of him. I was nervous about what
  he would do next. He turned to Alan, who was watching from the comfort of an
  arm chair.  
&quot;Have you told her about the weekend yet Al?&quot;  
&quot;No. I was going to keep it as a surprise. See how she took it.&quot;  
&quot;What do you mean about the weekend?&quot;, I stammered. &quot;I thought
  you were inviting the boys over for a 'party'&quot;.  
&quot;Oh we are, don't worry about that. You're going to get shaged stupid
  this weekend, tight arse! But we thought it was time to have a bit more fun
  with you first. You're going to come out to the pub with us all first, and
  you're going to be very friendly, all night. Got that?&quot;  
&quot;What do I have to do?&quot; I asked, my heart beating madly. There
  was no telling what this sadistic bastard would put me through.  
&quot;Anything we say! And when I say 'we' I mean all of us, not just Alan
  and me. Andy, Richie, Paul, Steve, they'll all be there, and as a special treat
  Keith will be there, and he's bringing Lin.&quot;  
&quot;Lin!&quot;, I yelled. &quot;You mean she knows all about this?&quot;  
&quot;Absolutely!&quot; Neil was grinning all over his face. &quot;I had
  a drink with Keith and Lin last night and filled them in on all the details.
  'Course, Keith knew most of it, like the rest of the lads, but Lin Knew nothing.
  She was very surprised to say the least, but when I asked her if she fancied
  joining in and giving you a bit of stick herself, she was well up for it!&quot;  
I was shocked. For a moment I had imagined both Lin and me servicing the
  boys. Now it was clear to me that she would be dishing it out with the others,
  and I wasn't happy about it at all. It was one thing to be humiliated by a
  bunch of men, it was something else to suffer at the hands of another woman.  
I tried to get off the hook. &quot;Look, Neil, I don't think I want to do
  this. I don't think I can do this. i never imagined another woman involved.
  This changes things. I don't think I can....&quot; I trailed off. Already the
  thought of being humiliated so totally had caught my imagination. Neil looked
  at me, still grinning. He had guessed what I was thinking.  
&quot;I bet if I felt your pussy now, you'd be wet!&quot; He said. &quot;I
  bet you'll love it, cos you are a dirty little bitch aren't you? If you are
  really good, I might let you lick Lin out while we all watch. You'd like that
  wouldn't you?&quot;  
&quot;I've never been with a woman.&quot; I said quietly. &quot;Please don't
  make me, Neil. Alan, please don't let him make me do this. Please Alan.&quot;  
Alan shook his head. &quot;You'll do it, because you want to really. You
  can't get enough of this. Believe me, licking Lin out on Friday is the least
  of your worries. You don't know what else we've got in mind yet!&quot; And
  they both began to laugh.  
I started to ask what he meant, but they both turned away from me, and left
  the room, heading for Alan's flat upstaris. Before they left Neil turned to
  me, winked, and said &quot;See you Friday then!&quot;  
I sank into a chair, and tried to gather my thoughts. I knew I couldn't refuse.
  I knew I didn't want out yet. I was theirs to command.  
Chapter 9   
   
 The next couple of days passed in a blur. My routine had become quite settled.
  I would get up, shower, shave my pubes, breakfast and then ask Alan what he
  wanted me to wear that day. It was always Alan's decision what my clothing
  would be, including my underwear. I had to show him that I'd complied with
  his orders. Then we would head off to school in his car. Always the same. I
  would be made to lift my skirt or dress, play with myself as we made our way
  through the morning traffic. Always the intimate revelations. What were my
  fantasies. When had I first started to masturbate. Who had been the first to
  see my boobs, my pussy. When had I first touched a prick, seen one, kissed
  one, sucked one.  
We would reach school with me in an advanced stage of arousal. I was not
  allowed to come during the journey. I would get out of his car with my nipples
  hard and my pussy wet and aching for relief. I passed my days in an agony of
  frustration, desperate for relief.  
Sometimes Alan would come to me at lunch break. He would spank my bare bottom
  and order me to suck him off, or I would be ordered to strip in the empty classroom
  before straddling him and pushing his hard cock into one or other of my waiting
  orifices. Then I would energetically screw him until he shot his load deep
  into me. Immediately after school had finished for the day, I would go to the
  headmaster's office to 'help with his filing'. There I would make some pretence
  of working diligently whilst waiting for my opportunity to flash my knickers
  for the old man. Every day as I went to leave he would thank me, escort me
  to the door, and take the opportunity to have a quick grope of my bottom before
  I left. He was becoming more and more confident, even blatant about this, and
  each time he ran his hand over my bum I would turn and look into his eyes and
  smile. These were Alan's instructions. I was to give him every encouragement.
  This would advance Alan's career, and I was so besotted that I was happy to
  comply. After we got home Alan would make me undress and play with myself for
  him, making me relate all of the details of my time in the Head's office.  
&quot;He wants to have you, you know&quot;, he said to me one afternoon. &quot;I've
  seen the way he looks at you, and I've mentioned you to him a couple of times.&quot;  
&quot;What did you say?&quot;, I asked anxiously.  
&quot;I told him that you found him attractive. That you liked more mature
  men, and you find his air of authority particularly impressive. I told him
  that you were the sort of person who gave the impression of being strong and
  independent, but that really you need some authority figure in your life, a
  father figure if you like.&quot;  
&quot;A father figure?&quot;, I yelped. &quot;I don't need some dirty old
  bastard to manipulate me, thank you very much.&quot;  
&quot;I don't care what you want. You do as you are told, remember? Anyway,
  it really appealed to him. I could see he took to the idea of the young feminist
  needing to be taken in hand and reminded of a woman's' place. He was really
  grateful to me, I could tell. So much so that I think that head of department
  job is mine for the taking. Just make sure you don't fuck it up for me right?&quot;  
I felt like a cheap whore. I would hand myself to the old bastard and suffer
  any manner of indignities at his hands, just to get Alan a better job. A thrill
  of expectation ran through me. &quot;I'll be good Alan, I promise.&quot;, I
  breathed, and I meant it!  
And then it was Friday.  
I awoke with a start and quickly realised the significance of the day. I
  had no idea what lay in store for me that night, but a thrill of expectation
  ran through me. Alan had not let me come while he had me for a day or two,
  and such was my now heightened libido that I had taken to bringing myself off
  last thing at night, something I hadn't done for years. As I gradually roused
  I was aware of a warmth in my pussy, clearly my body was anticipating the events
  of the day to come. I gently stroked my clit, which was already as hard as
  a bullet, fantasising about the shame and humiliation which I would be suffering
  later that night, until I came. But however powerful my self delivered climax,
  it could never match the pleasure I felt whenever I was used and abused by
  Alan or Neil. Tonight, I knew, I would be subjected to new shames and humiliations.
  All of John's friends would be there, plus Lin. And who knew what special 'pleasures'
  she would have in store for me.  
I went through my normal routine, and then asked Alan what I was to wear
  that day. He chose a summer dress which buttoned from bodice to waist, and
  which had a figure hugging skirt. The skirt was such a slim fit that I couldn't
  raise it above my hips to show Alan my clean white knickers, nor could I lift
  it to play with myself during our car journey. Alan didn't seem to mind this,
  but still made me talk about my previous sexual activities. It didn't seem
  to affect me either, as I still arrived at school aroused to the point that
  I could easily have climaxed with very little coaxing.  
I went into school and found my way to the staff room where I made myself
  a coffee and picked up my post for the day. As I was about to leave, Alan approached
  me and drew me into a corner where we could speak without being overheard.  
&quot;Your timetable has been changed&quot;, he said nonchalantly. &quot;After
  lunch you will be working with the Headmaster to finish this filing. Be sure
  to do a good job. I want him happy, it's the head of department interviews
  next week.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Alan.&quot; I said. The message had been received and understood.
  I was to 'pleasure' the old man, and keep him sweet for Alan. Well so be it,
  I thought.  
The morning passed in a haze of expectation. Even fifth form English, with
  the lecherous fifteen-year-old Adam leering at me for a straight hour didn't
  disturb me. I was ready to get Alan his head of department job, and was busy
  working out ways to create a situation with the Head in my mind.  
Finally the lunch bell rang and the class of fifth years filled out. Now
  it was time.  
I gathered my things and made my way down to the Head's office. I took a
  deep breath and knocked on the door. A familiar voice from within called back &quot;Enter&quot;.
  I turned the door handle and pushed the door open.  
I was confronted by both the Head and Alan, who stood looking at me like
  I was the most junior of pupils. &quot;Ah, Alison, do come in my dear&quot;,
  the Head breathed. Alan gave me a knowing look.  
&quot;I've told the Head that you're his for the afternoon&quot;, he said
  lightly. &quot;Be sure not to disappoint now, wont you?&quot;  
I took the bait immediately, &quot;Oh, I'll do whatever it takes to get this
  done&quot;, I said slightly breathlessly. I then turned my attention to the
  Head. &quot;I'm sure I can get this all finished today Sir. Where would you
  like me to start?&quot;  
He indicated a large pile of papers on a table by the filing cabinets. &quot;Why
  don't you make a start on those my dear. I just have a few things to sort out
  with Mr. Hughes here&quot;, and he nodded towards Alan.  
I went over to the table, turned my back on them both, and started to sort
  out the papers. I made sure to bend over at regular intervals, giving them
  both a good view of my pert little bum encased in the tight fabric of my dress.
  I could hear the murmur of their conversation, but couldn't make out anything
  they were saying. I just carried on sorting papers. After a few moments Alan
  said to me &quot;I'll be off then Alison, I've got work to do.&quot;  
&quot;OK, fine, I'll see you later then&quot;, I said as casually as I could.
  Alan had his back to the Head as he left, and again gave me a knowing look.
  The door closed behind him. I was alone with the old bastard. I continued to
  sort papers. I knew I had to provoke some sort of incident which would give
  him the opportunity to 'take me in hand'. I had gathered quite a pile of papers
  on top of a filing cabinet by now, and I 'accidentally' knocked these, causing
  the whole pile to fall to the floor, scattering them over a wide area of carpet.
  I shouted out &quot;Oh fuck it!&quot; and immediately bent down and started
  to gather them up. I let my thighs open so that he could see straight up my
  skirt from where he was behind his desk, and continued to curse at the now
  chaotic pile of papers. &quot;Bastard fucking things. Fucking typical. Oh shit,
  this will take fucking hours to sort out. Bastard, bastard bastard!&quot;  
It gave him his opportunity, and he took it at once.  
&quot;Alison that is disgraceful.&quot;, he bellowed at me. I froze. &quot;Not
  only have you been careless with my valuable papers, which will now have to
  be re-sorted, you have made my office look like a waste paper basket. And I
  don't believe I have ever heard such disgusting language from a member of my
  staff.&quot;  
I stood, placed my hands in front of me and hung my head like a naughty schoolgirl. &quot;I'm
  really sorry Sir&quot;, I stammered, &quot;I just didn't think. I'll sort out
  the papers Sir, I'll clean this up, I'm really very sorry Sir.&quot;  
&quot;That's all well and good young lady, but it does not atone for the
  quite appalling profanities you have yelled in my office. I am left wondering
  if you are the right sort of person to have on my staff. Perhaps we should
  end your contract at once rather than wait for the end of term?&quot;  
&quot;Oh no Sir, please don't do that. I don't normally use language like
  that Sir, I was just annoyed that I had undone all that good work. I wont give
  you cause for concern again Sir, I promise.&quot; I whined like a small child.  
&quot;If I heard a pupil use language like that, particularly a young lady,
  I would punish her severely, possibly even expel her completely. I hold my
  staff to a higher standard, and you expect me to just ignore that kind of conduct?&quot;  
&quot;No, Sir&quot;, I stammered. Head still hung.  
&quot;Then what do you suggest I do about it, Alison?&quot;  
I could feel my cheeks turning red as I blushed. This was the moment. I looked
  into his face. He was clearly relishing every moment. I shuffled slightly,
  and then muttered &quot;Punish me Sir.&quot;  
&quot;I beg your pardon. Speak up girl.&quot;  
&quot;You should punish me Sir.&quot;  
&quot;And what form should this punishment take do you think?&quot;  
&quot;Any form you think fit Sir. I will accept any punishment from you,
  only please don't dismiss me from the school.&quot;  
He looked at me with a look of triumph on his face. &quot;Very well. As punishment,
  I will spank your bare bottom until I feel you have suffered enough. Do you
  have a problem with that Alison?&quot;  
&quot;No Sir.&quot; I muttered. My nervousness was not entirely feigned.  
&quot;Right then,&quot; he barked, &quot;Skirt up and bend over my desk at
  once.&quot;  
I started to lift the hem of my skirt, and then realised that it was too
  slim a fit to enable me to lift it over my hips.  
&quot;I can't Sir&quot;, I stammered, &quot;My skirt is too tight. I can't
  lift it that high.&quot;  
&quot;Then take it off you silly girl&quot;. He really was enjoying himself
  now.  
My fingers were trembling as I started to undo the buttons on my dress. I
  had not been allowed to wear a bra that day, and as the Head stood and watched
  me opening my buttons, more of my flesh came under his scrutiny. I knew he
  would see all I had that day. I knew I would let him do whatever he wanted,
  and I could feel my pulse quickening. I could also feel my pussy beginning
  to respond.  
I opened the final button on my dress and hesitated. &quot;Come on girl.
  I haven't got all day!&quot; he barked.  
I pulled open the dress revealing my breasts to him and began to push the
  dress over my hips. I let it fall to the floor and then bent to pick it up.
  I stood there with it bunched in my hands while he scrutinised me. He was drinking
  in the view of me standing in the middle of his office dressed only in a pair
  of white knickers. My head was still bowed as I tried to look as contrite as
  possible. I could feel his gaze move from my face to my breasts. He took his
  time, obviously enjoying himself immensely. Then he told me to put my dress
  on a chair over by the filing cabinet. This meant I had to turn and walk over
  to the chair, and then walk back to him, giving him an excellent view of my
  body as I did so.  
He made me stand for a few moments longer before he said &quot;I think I'll
  put you over my knee for punishment, Alison. I think that would be much more
  appropriate, don't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir. Whatever you say Sir.&quot;, was all I could manage in reply.
  My mouth had gone strangely dry in the last few moments. I felt more nervous
  than I expected.  
He positioned a chair in the middle of the room, sat down on it and then
  called me to him. &quot;Come here and take your punishment Alison.&quot; Feigning
  reluctance, I walked slowly over and stood in front of him. He stared at my
  breasts, and then his eyes travelled down until they came to rest on my cotton-covered
  mound.  
&quot;I said I was going to spank your bare bottom, Alison, and that's what
  I shall do.&quot; And with that he reached out with both hands and took hold
  of the waistband of my knickers. He slowly began to ease them lower, staring
  at my slim mound as he did so. He was clearly expecting to see some pubic hair,
  instead, as my knickers went lower and lower there was only smooth pink flesh.
  Finally, the top of my moist slit came into view and I saw his eyes widen for
  a moment. Then he puled my knickers down over my hips and let them slip down
  my legs to my feet. Without being told to, I stepped out of them and stood
  before him stark naked. I let my arms fall to my sides, giving him an unobstructed
  view.  
He took hold of my wrist and l pulled me onto his lap. As I settled into
  position I could clearly feel the stiffness in his trousers as it pushed into
  my soft flesh. He paused for several moments, obviously having a good look
  at my pert little bottom. And then he began to stroke my bottom cheeks. My
  breathing began to grow shallow as the sensations from his stroking and the
  sexual tension in the room began to transmit to my pussy. I shifted positions
  slightly, allowing my thighs to part as I did so which gave him a view along
  my entire slit. I felt his cock twitch beneath me.  
&quot;And now for your punishment.&quot; He announced.  
The smacks which he delivered were enough to sting, but were nothing compared
  to what Neil, or even Alan had given me. Nevertheless I squealed with each
  blow, sounding still like a naughty little girl. I started to sob with each
  blow, and before long my eyes had begun to water. Tears started to run down
  my cheeks.  
&quot;Tell me how sorry you are, Alison&quot;  
&quot;Oh I'm really sorry Sir.&quot;, I sobbed. &quot;I'm sorry I messed
  up the papers Sir, and I'm so sorry I used such bad language Sir. I won't do
  it again Sir, I promise. Please Sir, no more. Please Sir, it hurts.&quot;  
&quot;What hurts more Alison, your bottom or your pride?&quot; He said, a
  clear tone of amusement in his voice.  
&quot;My bottom Sir. I'm ashamed of my behaviour Sir. I promise I'll be good
  Sir.&quot;  
&quot;You had better be my girl, or you'll be over my knee again do you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir, I will be good Sir. Thank you Sir.&quot;  
He had stopped spanking me now. I could feel the warmth in my bottom from
  his slaps, and knew that my cheeks would be pink from his punishment. I assumed
  that it was all over, and he'd had his fun and started to stand up.  
&quot;Where do you think you're going?&quot;, he snapped, &quot;I'm not finished
  with you yet.&quot;  
&quot;Sorry Sir.&quot;, I said and settled back into position.  
&quot;You think that's it do you? I need to be sure of something first.&quot; And
  as he said this he began to stroke my bottom again. His hand slipped down to
  my leg and began to stroke first the back of my thighs, and then the inside
  of them. I opened my thighs a little to give him access, and then he said, &quot;I've
  heard of girls like you who actually enjoy being punished. Are you one of those
  dirty, disgusting little girls Alison, who like to be spanked? Well, are you
  girl?&quot;  
&quot;No Sir.&quot; I lied.  
&quot;Well let's make sure shall we.&quot; And he slid his hand between my
  legs and began to stroke the lips of my pussy.  
&quot;Oh no Sir, please don't. I've said I'm sorry, please don't do this
  to me Sir.&quot; I was playing the part well, and I knew it. His fingers started
  to probe between my lips. I knew I was wet. I continued to moan and whine,
  but now I also started to squirm around on his lap. This caused my legs to
  open further giving him easier access to my most private parts. I felt a finger
  penetrate me. It slipped in easily to my well-lubricated hole.  
&quot;Well what do we have here, Alison?&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry Sir.&quot; I whispered.  
&quot;It seems to me that this was no punishment at all. I really do believe
  that you've enjoyed the whole experience. Is that right, young lady?&quot; His
  finger continued to penetrate my hot little hole sending sparks of pleasure
  shooting through me. I was already very aroused, his gentle probing of my pussy
  was causing my brain to fog.  
&quot;Yes Sir, er, I mean no Sir.&quot;, I stammered. &quot;I really can't
  help it Sir. I'm really sorry Sir. Please forgive me Sir.&quot;  
Suddenly, his finger slipped from my hole, and travelled along my wet slit.
  The moment it touched my clit I let out an involuntary moan of pleasure and
  spread my legs further to prolong the pleasure.  
&quot;You really are a disgusting little girl aren't you?&quot;, he said,
  his finger still stroking my clit. &quot;I would never have believed it of
  you Alison. First the bad language, and now this. I really don't think you
  are the sort of person I want working in my school. I think I'm going to have
  to ask you to leave.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, please Sir, no. Don't make me leave Sir, this is my first job and
  I desperately want to stay. I'll do anything if you let me stay Sir, I promise.&quot; His
  finger had brought me to the very brink of a powerful orgasm, and my humiliation
  at begging him in such a way drove me over the brink. I moaned as my climax
  started and clamped my legs together onto his hand. I bucked my hips, rubbing
  his finger against my clit, I began to cry out loud &quot;Oh God, I'm coming.
  Please Sir, don't stop, oh please Sir, please Sir.&quot; My body shook with
  the strength of my climax. And then I collapsed over his knee, sobs racking
  my body as the waves subsided.  
I began to regain my breath, and started to rise from his lap.  
&quot;Yes, stand up Alison. Stand up, and then hands behind your head and
  feet apart while I consider what I am going to do with you.&quot; I did as
  I was told, standing a few feet in front of him, my hands clasped behind my
  head, pushing my breasts towards him. My feet were shoulder width apart, which
  gave him a perfect view along my swollen, wet slit.  
He stood up and began to slowly walk around me, examining each part of my
  body as he did so. First he focused on my face, pink and tear stained from
  my climax. Then he stood behind me examining my hair, my back and my bottom,
  still pink from the spanking. Then he stood in front of me and ran his eyes
  up and down my entire body.  
He reached out and began to fondle my breast. Stroking the nipple, making
  it harden, then cupping the weight of my breast.  
&quot;So you are desperate to stay to the end of term, are you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot;  
&quot;And you'll do anything to be allowed to do so, is that correct.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir. Anything.&quot;  
His hand now left my breast and began to stroke my soft belly. He moved a
  step closer, and then looked directly into my eyes before pushing his hand
  between my legs once more. I drew in a deep breath, and looked away from him.  
&quot;If I allow you to stay, it would be on the condition that you come
  to me for further correction at any time I see fit. Understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Alan would be most pleased at this, I knew. The prospect
  of further humiliation for me seemed to delight him.  
&quot;And the correction would be in a manner of my choosing.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Very well then. Bend over my desk.&quot;  
I immediately went over to his desk and bent over it feeling the cool of
  the varnished surface on my hard nipples. I pushed my bottom up as high as
  I could, giving him the perfect view of my bum and pussy. I heard him move
  behind me, and then I heard the unmistakable sound of a zip being lowered.  
&quot;You have had your fun today Alison, I think it's only fair that I have
  mine, don't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir&quot;, I said into the surface of the desk.  
He pushed my legs further apart, and then ran his hands over my bum cheeks,
  before placing a thumb on each side of my pussy and spreading my lips apart.
  Then I felt the tip of his cock touching my pussy. It was thicker than Alan's,
  almost as thick as Neil's. I braced myself, hoping that it wasn't as long as
  Neil's, and waited for him to enter me fully. He put his hands onto the small
  of my back and pressed down, causing my bum cheeks to swell. And then he started
  to enter me. Instinctively I arched my back pushing my pussy up to meet him.
  He grunted with pleasure as the walls of my tunnel constricted, gripping his
  member. He continued to push into me, slowly, as if relishing the feelings.
  I began to respond, groaning loudly. And then he was in fully. I felt full,
  but not stretched, as I did when Neil had taken me. I began to relax more.  
He slowly withdrew and I heard myself moaning with pleasure. I hadn't come
  with a prick inside me for several days, and the feelings were beginning to
  build within me. He began to build up a steady rhythm, still pressing on my
  back and pumping into me with long, powerful strokes. He would grunt as he
  reached the top of each stroke. The he reached forward and grabbed hold of
  my breasts, mauling them and gently pinching my nipples. I could feel another
  climax building, and began to thrust my bottom back onto him as he pushed in.
  And then I felt him coming inside me, hot splashes of jism shooting up into
  me. I felt my pussy contract onto his prick as my second climax grabbed me,
  I heard him grunting with pleasure, and then he stopped, and I could hear his
  heavy breathing and feel his hot breath on my back.  
After a few moments he withdrew. I made to stand up, but he pushed me down
  saying &quot;No, stay there until I give you permission.&quot;  
I remained there, my own breathing still ragged, bent over his desk, legs
  apart. I could already feel his jism beginning to run out of my pussy. I thought
  what a sight I must be! I heard him zip up his trousers, and then he told me
  to stand up.  
I did so and turned to face him. &quot;You will come here every morning before
  school and I will decide if you are to receive any discipline that day. Do
  you understand?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot; I said, head bowed. I had played the part pretty well
  this far, and I wasn't going to give the game away now.  
&quot;Now you can leave.&quot;  
I decided to give him one last quick thrill. &quot;Can I put my clothes back
  on please Sir?&quot; I said, with a nervous tremble in my voice.  
&quot;Very well. But be quick about it. I'll see you first thing on Monday
  morning. Don't be late.&quot; He barked.  
&quot;No Sir, I mean yes Sir. Thank you Sir.&quot; I stammered as I quickly
  pulled on my knickers, retrieved my dress and pulled it on, fastening the buttons
  incorrectly as I did so. When I looked up at him he had gone back to his desk
  and appeared busy reading papers. I made my way out of the office, and headed
  for the nearest toilet. Once there I looked at my watch. There was nearly an
  hour left until end of school. I settled myself into one of the cubicles, and
  waited for the bell to ring. I started to think about what the evening might
  hold, and was amazed when I started to feel randy again!  
I heard the end of school bell ring, and made my way to the staff room to
  meet Alan. I caught sight of myself in the mirror, and paused momentarily to
  adjust my clothing. In the staff room Alan gave me a questioning look, &quot;Been
  busy, have you?&quot;  
&quot;Just a bit&quot;, I said meaningfully.  
We left school straight away, and once in the car I had to relate the entire
  story, from the moment he had left the office. I felt myself blushing as I
  retold the story. Alan was delighted. &quot;That job is definitely mine now.&quot;,
  he crowed. &quot;And he wants you back on Monday? The dirty old bastard! I
  told you he fancied you didn't I? You carry on humouring the old git until
  the job is definitely mine, got that?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Alan&quot;, I said. I was now totally hooked. I craved the thrill
  of being humiliated, of being used and abused. My mind turned to the coming
  evening. &quot;Are we still going out tonight?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;Oh Yes&quot;, he said. &quot;Neil, Keith and Lin are meeting at our
  place, and we'll meet up with the others later. You're in for quite a night
  tightarse!&quot;  
He was as good as his word. Once we got home I just had time for a quick
  meal, and then headed for the shower. When I came out of the bathroom in my
  bathrobe Neil was standing there waiting for me.  
&quot;All set for tonight then?&quot;, he asked. Anyone would have thought
  that we were talking about an ordinary night on the town, rather than an evening
  of shame and humiliation for me. I nodded in response.  
&quot;Alan tells me you've had quite an afternoon. Are you sure you're up
  to it then?&quot;  
&quot;That depends on what you have in mind&quot; I joked.  
&quot;Very good&quot;, he laughed. &quot;Open up and let me have a look.&quot;  
Naturally, I did so without hesitation.  
&quot;And the back.&quot;  
I let the robe drop to the floor and turned round for his inspection.  
&quot;Nice.&quot;  
The doorbell then rang, and I turned to look at Neil.  
&quot;Well you're not expecting me to get that are you?&quot;, he laughed.  
&quot;No. Of course.&quot; I said. I hurredly put on my robe and went to
  the front door. As I expected it was Keith and Lin.  
Lin was about the same age and height as me, but there the similarity ended.
  She had a fuller figure than me, with 'D' cup breasts, a small waist and full
  hips. Her yellow blonde hair was cut short, almost boyish, and her face was
  dominated by high cheek bones and large blue green eyes. Tonight she was wearing
  blue jeans and a black T-shirt. Usual attire for her. Keith was unremarkable
  in just about every way. Average height, average build, average looks, and
  on a good day, average intelligence. I had never really taken much notice of
  him. He didn't have much of a personality to speak of.  
I opened the door wider to enable them to come on, and they made their way
  up to my flat, where Alan and Neil were waiting for them. I heard them greeting
  each other, and the sound of laughter coming from my living room. It didn't
  take much working out what they were laughing at.  
I heard Alan calling out to me, and went into the living room, still in my
  bath robe. &quot;Keith and Lin want to have a look at you. Take your robe off&quot;,
  he said without looking at me. I looked at them both. They were both waiting
  expectantly. Keith with a lecherous look on his face, Lin was openly gloating.  
I hesitated, momentarily, then my nervous fingers were busy untying the belt
  of my robe. I took a deep breath and then pulled it open and let it fall to
  the floor. Even now, I wanted to cover myself up, and it took a great deal
  of will power to let my hands fall to my sides. They both began to giggle.
  I instinctively lowered my head, causing my hair to fall across my face, hiding
  my shame.  
&quot;Fucking hell!&quot;, Keith exclaimed. &quot;I never would have fucking
  believed it. I thought you were having me on. When you said this toffee nosed
  bitch had been put in her place, I thought you were having me on. So you mean
  to say all that stuff you told us about was right then? About her taking it
  from both of you, up the arse and everything?&quot;  
&quot;All true&quot;, said Neil triumphantly. &quot;She'll do anything you
  tell her to do, wont you tight arse?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Neil&quot;, I replied. I could hear my heart pounding, I felt completely
  humiliated, standing there stark naked in front of the four of them. I had
  never felt so aroused or excited.  
&quot;Oh, I've got to have some of this!&quot; Keith exclaimed. He turned
  briefly to look at Lin, who said casually &quot;Help yourself, love&quot;.  
Then Keith walked over to me. He reached out both hands and began to maul
  my breasts roughly. &quot;These aren't bad.&quot; he said to no one in particular,
  then made me turn around so that he could look at my bottom. I was expecting
  another mauling, but instead he gave my bottom a hard smack, which caused me
  to squeal and elicited a guffaw of laughter from them.  
Then he said to me &quot;I always thought you were too high and fucking mighty,
  too fucking stuck up. Not so fucking posh now, are you?&quot; I hung my head
  in shame. He began to grope my bottom, then turned me round and thrust his
  hand between my legs. &quot;Open 'em&quot;, he ordered, and I shifted my position,
  parting my thighs as I did so. Soon his fingers had prised apart the lips of
  my pussy, and he had found the wetness there. He ran a rough finger along my
  slit, and then began to tease my clit. My breathing began to quicken almost
  immediately, and he laughed out loud.  
&quot;You'll never believe this, but she's getting off on this, the dirty
  bitch.&quot;  
&quot;She loves it mate&quot;, Neil said. &quot;I've had her fucking my finger
  until she came off before now. Wait 'til you see what she's like when she really
  gets going, I tell you, there's no stopping her. The more blatant the better.&quot;  
&quot;Does she give good head?&quot;, Keith asked,  
&quot;Yeah, pretty good. Why don't you try her out?&quot; Neil said, sounding
  for all the world as if he were talking about test driving a car or something.  
&quot;Think I will.&quot; Keith murmured. &quot;You don't mind do you love?&quot; He
  asked Lin. She grinned. &quot;Do what you like, you'll probably end up shagging
  her before the night is out anyway!&quot;  
Keith opened his jeans and sat down in an armchair. &quot;Right then. Suck
  me off, and make it a good one&quot;  
Alan, Neil and Lin all took seats and settled down to watch the show. I knelt
  between Keith's legs, took hold of the waistband of his jeans and pulled them
  and his underpants down to his mid thighs. His cock was half-erect, about the
  same length as Alan's, but circumcised. A deep purple head was swelling, and
  the veins along the side looked full. As I had done so many times to Alan and
  Neil, I took hold of his shaft and lowered my head onto his glans. I felt him
  shudder with pleasure as I began to work up and down on him with my tongue,
  stroking his balls with my free hand. Before too long I could recognise the
  signs that he was about to come, and then he shot streams of hot salty jism
  into my mouth. Without thinking I swallowed his load, and looked around for
  my next instruction.  
Alan and Neil were smiling, amused by the look on Keith's face as anything
  else, but there was a strange look on Lin's face. I couldn't tell what emotion
  she was feeling.  
A soon as Keith had regained his composure, Alan said &quot;I bet you could
  do with a beer now, right?&quot;  
&quot;Fucking right mate.&quot;  
&quot;Alison, go and get Keith a nice cool beer, and don't forget to say
  thank you.&quot; He laughed. Everyone else laughed too.  
I stood up, said &quot;Thank you Keith.&quot;, and went and fetched him a
  can of beer from the fridge in the kitchen. I brought it to him, still stark
  naked. He took it without even thanking me, instead, he opened the can, turned
  to Alan and Neil and said &quot;Cheers!&quot;  
I was sent to fetch beers for Alan and Neil, and then asked Lin if she wanted
  one too. &quot;No. You and I have got to get ready. Come with me.&quot;  
I followed her into my bedroom and stood waiting for her to tell me what
  to do.  
&quot;You really enjoyed that didn't you?&quot;, she said. &quot;Being told
  to do that to Keith. You really get off on this don't you?&quot;  
&quot;I thought you did too?&quot; I said.  
&quot;Yeah, kind of. It's more for Keith than for me. But you love it don't
  you?&quot;  
I couldn't deny it. &quot;Yes. I suppose I do&quot; I said.  
&quot;Right. Here's the rules for tonight then. You do exactly what I say,
  no matter what that is, right.&quot;  
&quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;No questions, no stalling.&quot;  
&quot;No&quot;.  
&quot;Fuck me, this will be good! If this goes well, you might be ordering
  me about next time. Fucking hell I'm hot!&quot; As she spoke she started to
  remove her T-shirt. She had a low cut black bra on underneath, which she soon
  shed. Her breasts looked firm but heavy, and were capped with small brown nipples.
  Then her shoes, socks and jeans joined the pile on the floor. She stood there
  wearing only a pair of dark blue knickers.  
&quot;Take my knickers off.&quot;, She said.  
I froze. I had never even thought of being with another woman. I didn't know
  for sure what she had in mind, but I was very uneasy with this new situation.  
&quot;Didn't you hear what I said? I want you to kneel in front of me and
  take my knickers off. Do it now.&quot;  
I knelt down in front of her and reached up to the waistband of her knickers.
  I took hold of them and began to ease them down. Her blonde pubes soon came
  into view, and then her slit, which looked swollen and moist. I pulled her
  knickers down until they fell to the floor. Then she lay down on my bed, opened
  her legs and began to stroke her slit.  
&quot;Have you ever licked a woman?&quot;  
&quot;No. Never.&quot;  
&quot;First time for everything then. You brought Keith off, its only right
  I get one as well. Get started.&quot;  
I moved onto the bed, and between her legs. I had never seen a pussy this
  close up before, and I have to admit, I was fascinated. Her pussy was neat
  and tidy, the head of her clit just visible, her inner lips concealed. Her
  bush was neatly trimmed, and her lips were swollen with arousal. I breathed
  in the scent of her, and found that I was attracted to the aroma. I tentatively
  put out my tongue and licked along her slit. She groaned with pleasure and
  pushed her hips up to meet my tongue. I planted little kisses all along her
  slit, making her squirm with pleasure, then I took the plunge and pushed my
  tongue between her pussy lips and into her hot tunnel. She writhed around,
  groaning. I was starting to enjoy myself. I let the tip of my tongue glide
  along her slit, over her little pee hole, and found her clit, which was already
  hard and jutting out from under its' hood. She went rigid and began to clutch
  at the bed covers. I slipped the middle finger of my right hand into her tunnel
  and began to slowly finger fuck her, then I sucked on her clit like it was
  a small prick, running my tongue over its' sensitive tip. Her hips began to
  buck wildly, and she grabbed hold of my hair and began to grind her pussy into
  my face. I was intoxicated by her scent and by the faintly metallic taste of
  her juices. Then she clamped her legs together on my head and wailed as her
  orgasm hit. I was close to coming myself, and slipped a finger between my lips,
  stroking my clit for a few moments before I too reached climax. Then we collapsed
  together, sobbing and gasping for breath.  
After a few moments I looked up at her. She looked at me and we smiled at
  each other. This was going to be a memorable night.  
Chapter 10.   
   
Lin and I lay on the bed for several minutes, recovering from our respective
  orgasms.  
"That was a good one!", Lin smiled.  
"Me too." I said quietly.  
"You can do that again, some time soon."  
"I'd love to." I murmured. Then Lin did something totally unexpected. She
  leant down and kissed me full on the lips. I was a little shocked, but found
  myself returning her kiss with a surprising passion. Her lips parted, and her
  tongue found its' way into my mouth. I returned the compliment, snaking my
  tongue into her mouth. She tasted sweet. Her skin felt warm and soft against
  mine. Her hand started to caress my breasts. I groaned out loud. This was a
  new sensation for me. The gentleness of her feminine caresses were so different
  from the roughness of Alan, Neil and the others, that they quite literally
  took my breath away. Before too long I was panting and moaning, my hands found
  her firm breasts and began to cup and stroke them, I felt her nipples hardening
  beneath my touch. I was aware of her scent, delicate and pleasing. The warmth
  and smoothness of her skin were intoxicating me. My head was spinning. I was
  more aroused than I could ever remember being, I wasn't hot, in the way I was
  when Alan or Neil were having their way with me, but truly aroused. I was aware
  of far more than just my own body. I could hear her breathing, taste her breath,
  feel her pulse.  
Suddenly, she broke the kiss. She too was breathing heavily. I could see
  her beautiful breasts rise and fall rapidly. She looked at me with a meaningful
  look and said, "We'd better stop this now, or we'll never leave the room! Come
  on, lets get you ready for tonight, we can do more of this later."  
We both stood up. Lin pulled on her knickers, and I felt a small pang of
  disappointment as her blond bush disappeared from my view. Then her bra, T-shirt
  and jeans were back on, and she stood looking at me as she had before, with
  a superior air.  
She stood and watched as I brushed my hair and applied a little make-up,
  still completely naked. The she selected my clothes for the evening. White
  knickers, (naturally, I had no other kind left), blue jeans, trainers, but
  no socks, and a white T-shirt. I wasn't allowed a bra. A blue denim jacket
  completed my outfit for the evening. We went back into the living room where
  Alan, Neil and Keith were still waiting, drinking beer.  
"Are you two finally ready then?" Neil asked irritably. "Only you've been
  in there ages."  
"A girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do." Lin retorted, ignoring the looks
  which passed between the three men. "Come on then, lets go."  
"Where are we going?" I asked.  
Neil mentioned a name, I'd never heard of it.  
"Where's that?"  
"It's a village about 15 miles from here." Lin explained. "No-one will know
  you there. It's got a great little pub. The others will meet us there."  
We all got into Lin's car, which wasn't a big one. Lin was driving, Keith
  in the front. I was in the back between Alan and Neil. The car hadn't reached
  the end of the road, before they were at me. Neil had his hand up my T-shirt
  and was squeezing my breasts and pinching my nipples, while Alan had his cock
  out, and had wrapped my hand around it, making me wank him off as we went along.
  After about five minutes of this they changes over, and my hand was then wrapped
  around Neil's rapidly swelling organ. As we stopped at some traffic lights
  Keith and Lin both looked round at us and grinned.  
"Enjoying yourself?" Keith asked no-one in particular. Alan and Neil both
  laughed. I didn't respond. We had reached the outskirts of the city now, and
  the traffic was much thinner. As the car picked up speed, Neil decided that
  it would be fun for me to 'show some flesh' as we went along, and so my T-shirt
  was lifted to reveal my breasts. Keith turned round at this to have a really
  good look. I felt my face start to flush, and I marvelled again at my transformation.
  As if I hadn't already done enough out of character, I was now travelling along
  in full public view with my breasts exposed, and two men happily playing with
  them as we went along.  
The journey continued for perhaps another ten minutes before we started to
  enter a village. By this time, my nipples were as hard as bullets and I could
  feel dampness between my legs. Neil and Alan both opened their windows and
  the cool evening air made my nipples even harder. We pulled into the car park
  of a large pub, and everyone started to get out. I pulled my T-shirt down as
  I did so, and was sharply rebuked by Lin. "Don't ever do that again without
  permission, got that?"  
"Yes Lin, I'm sorry."  
"When we get inside, you will do exactly as I tell you. Got that?"  
"Yes Lin."  
I followed them as they led the way into the pub. As the door opened I felt
  a wave of hot air, smoke, the smell of lots of people and loud music all wash
  over me. My heart was racing. This was going to be the most extreme evening
  of my life&hellip;. so far.  
We made our way through the crowded bar, and found the others seated at a
  large round table in one corner. As I had been promised, they were all there.
  Andy, a small weasel of a man was sat furthest from me. I had never liked him
  and as he surveyed me with his small dark eyes, I started to feel uncomfortable
  being around him. Richard was different again, a great bear of a man, with
  powerful arms, a head of dark shaggy hair and a half-eyed, sleepy look that
  gave the impression that he was not all there. Finally Paul, who pretended
  to be a Hell's Angel, but who really lived with his mum!  
They all said hello in their usual way, before looking first at me, and then
  at Alan, Neil, Keith and Lin. It was Keith who broke the silence first.  
"You'll never believe this, but it's all fucking true lads. I went round
  to Al's this afternoon and she stripped off in the middle of her living room,
  gave me a blow job and then thanked me and got me a beer! Fucking brill."  
Andy looked sceptical. He turned to me "Is this right then?"  
My face flushed. I nodded.  
"So, you're up for anything then, like they've been telling us?"  
I nodded again. I couldn't look them in the eyes, and so kept my gaze down
  to the wooden floor boards of the bar.  
"So is everything they've told us right then?" Paul asked.  
"Like what." I asked.  
"Did you shave your twat when Alan told you?"  
I nodded.  
"Did he put you over his knee and smack your bare arse?"  
I nodded again.  
"And did you really get off on that?"  
"Yes."  
Then the questions came in a stampede.  
"Did they both fuck you up the arse?"  
"Did you wank yourself off while they watched?"  
"Did you let Neil finger fuck you until you came?"  
"Did you really let that dirty old bastard you work for look up your skirt?"  
"Oh it got better than that today lads." Alan cut in. "She stripped for him,
  let him see the lot, then he smacked her arse and fucked her. Didn't he?" He
  looked at me. They all did.  
I nodded yet again, unable to speak. Feeling totally humiliated, and fantastically
  sexy.  
"And now we get to have some fun with you then." Andy had joined the conversation. "What
  made you change from being such a stuck up bitch to such a fucking toy then?"  
"I don't know." This was entirely true, I had no idea what had made me throw
  away every principle and shred of dignity I'd had.  
"She just loves a good fuck" Neil said. The others laughed, including Lin.  
"Well she's come to the right place then, hasn't she." Andy said. More laughter.  
"Right. Get off to the bar then and get us some drinks." Neil ordered.  
"I can't." I said, "I don't have any money."  
"Ask nicely, and I'll give you some." Andy said.  
"Can I please have some money Andy."  
"Show me your tits first." They all roared with laughter at this. I just
  sat there, unable to move until I felt a jab in my ribs and turned to see Lin
  next to me.  
"You heard him, show him your tits. Come on, we don't have all bloody night."  
I took a deep breath, and quickly looked around to see if anyone was watching.
  No-one seemed to be, and so I took hold of my T-shirt and quickly lifted it
  to expose my breasts to their hungry eyes. They cheered, making other people
  in the pub look round. I quickly dropped my shirt back into place.  
"Not bad. Not fucking bad at all." Andy laughed. He handed me a &pound;20
  note and said "Get me a pint of bitter."  
The others all gave me their orders, and I stood up to go to the bar. Lin
  pulled me back and said "Anyone gropes you, just ignore it, right."  
I made my way to the bar, but had to fight my way through the other customers
  standing three deep. I'd made it to the bar, and was waiting to be served,
  when I felt a hand sliding across my bottom. I flinched and looked round to
  see a middle aged man standing there with a drunken grin on his face. "How
  are you then sweetheart?"  
"Fine, thank you." I turned back to the bar, but he kept on groping my bum,
  squeezing each cheek in turn. I gritted my teeth, knowing that Lin was probably
  watching, and enjoying, my shame.  
I managed to get served, but there were too many drinks for me to carry on
  my own, so I had to make several trips. On my second trip, the same drunk took
  his opportunity to have a good feel of my bum, smiling at me as he did so.
  When I started back towards the table, he was there again, only this time,
  he reached out and pinched my left nipple with his thumb and finger. He was
  obviously in a group, because several of the men around him started to laugh
  and egg him on. "Good on yer, Rog. I reckon you've pulled there mate." I managed
  to get away from him, and returned to the table to find them all laughing themselves
  silly at my predicament. I had one more trip to make to get the last of the
  drinks, and I was dreading it. As I approached my drunken friend one of his
  mates called out "Look at this Rog, she can't get enough of you!".  
Roger was having the time of his life now. As I went past him he put his
  arms around me and grabbed both my breasts. I couldn't move because of the
  press of bodies, and so I had to stand there for what seemed like ages, while
  he squeezed my breasts and pinched my nipples which were still stiff from the
  car journey. Finally, I was able to shrug him off and got to the bar to collect
  the last two drinks. I held one in each hand and pressed my arms into my breasts
  as I started back past him, but this didn't deter him. This time he thrust
  one hand between my legs, and the other reached round to grab my bum again.
  I felt his fingers wriggling around in my crotch, whilst his other hand pushed
  my hips forward. I knew he could feel the lips of my pussy, and what was worse,
  I could see he knew it too.  
I finally managed to get away from him, and as I did so, his friends were
  laughing and cheering, clapping him on the back and shaking his hand, like
  he was some sort of hero. By the time I made it back to the table I was on
  the verge of hysteria.  
I turned to Lin and said "I don't think I can go through with this."  
"You don't have any fucking choice. Now shut up and drink your beer."  
I sat in silence and drank.  
A short time later, and it was time for another round of drinks. This time
  Paul was providing the funds, and I had to lift my shirt again for his amusement.
  My head was spinning now, and I was dreading going back through the crowd at
  the bar. As I left the table however, I could see that my tormentor had moved
  away to another part of the bar. I quickly made my way through, ordered the
  drinks, and was lucky enough to get a tray this time so that I could carry
  all the drinks in one journey. Feeling pleased and relieved, I turned to head
  for the table with the tray in both hands only to come face to face with the
  groper again.  
"Hello darlin'. Have you missed me?" His friends laughed again, and this
  time I noticed that they had formed a line on either side of me, four or five
  men long. As I pushed past he caught hold of one of the belt loops on my jeans,
  pulling me back. Then his free hand was on my bum and was pushing between my
  legs. I could feel him groping my pussy lips again. He enjoyed himself for
  a few seconds before passing me on to the next man. Then there were hands everywhere.
  My breasts were mauled and my nipples pinched, hands were thrust between my
  legs, and one even pinched my pussy lips through my jeans, which made me yelp.
  My bottom was stroked, squeezed and pinched until finally, there were tears
  of anguish and frustration running down my face, which was now bright red with
  embarrassment.  
Finally they let me go, and I returned to my seat with a sob. I was just
  about ready to walk out when Lin said, "Come with me to the toilet."  
I stood and followed her, giving the group at the bar a wide berth. Inside
  the cubicle she dropped her jeans and knickers and sat on the toilet. I had
  a brief glimpse of her neat blonde bush as she did so. Then the cubicle was
  filled with the sound of her urine hitting the porcelain.  
"We brought you here because no-one will know you here. You'll never see
  them again. I don't see why you're getting so upset at this. After what Alan,
  Neil and your boss have done, I'd have thought this was nothing. So what, some
  drunken bastards gave you a bit of a goosing. It's nothing to what Neil's done
  to you, is it. Or Alan. Or any of the rest of them by the end of tonight. What's
  your problem? You like being humiliated, admit it. That's why you are here
  tonight, of your own free will, and not sat at home marking books or watching
  TV."  
"It's alright for you, you weren't the one being mauled by that bunch of
  bastards while the rest of them, and you lot, looked on and laughed."  
"Yes, but part of you enjoyed it, didn't you?"  
I stopped. I certainly didn't feel like I'd had a good time, but then I wasn't
  completely used to being a total submissive. Now that I stopped and thought
  about what had just happened to me, I couldn't deny the thrill of humiliation
  that was coursing through my veins.  
"Well?" Lin asked.  
"Yes, I suppose so, but it all felt so out of control. There was nothing
  I could do to stop them. Supposing they'd started to undress me or something?" I'd
  meant this to sound as if it was the worst thing that could have happened,
  but the idea of being stripped by a bunch of total strangers was an immediate
  turn on. Lin could obviously see this from the look on my face.  
"See what I mean? It depends on how you look at it. If you think of it as
  your fun too, then it's ok. Right?"  
"Right." I was forced to admit.  
"I had to do what you've just done once. It was just Keith and me. We came
  to a pub like this one, and he made me go to the bar every time. I complained
  at first, but he just told me to enjoy it. By the end of the night I was going
  to the bar on the slightest pretext, buying peanuts, crisps, drinks, anything
  I could think of. It was the most fantastic, dirty feeling I've ever known,
  having all those men groping me. At the end of the night Keith made me take
  off my knickers and give them to the barman. They all stood and watched as
  I slid them down, thank God I'd been wearing a dress! The whole pub cheered
  when I handed them over, and the barman pinned them up for all to see, right
  over the bar. I get hot every time I think of that night, and I can't remember
  the number of times I've relived it in my mind. It was fantastic!"  
"Jesus!, you really enjoyed it?"  
"Cross my heart and hope to be spanked!" she giggled.  
I considered my feelings. I'd been anticipating this evening all week. I
  knew I'd be humiliated, that was part of the fun. But I'd been expecting just
  John's friends, the ones I knew, not a whole pub full of total strangers. Nevertheless,
  I had to admit, if only to myself, that the thought of the mass-groping I'd
  just endured was a turn on. If I'd fantasised about what had just happened
  I'd have climaxed in seconds. Now I had a chance to do it all, and more.  
"OK, so what's next?" I asked.  
"Great! I knew you'd be up for it. You'll just have to wait and see what
  comes next!"  
She had finished urinating, and wiped her pussy with some tissue before standing
  and pulling up her knickers as she did so. Again I had the briefest glimpse
  of her blonde honey pot before it was hidden by the blue cotton of her underwear.  
She started to pull up her jeans, but must have noticed the look on my face
  and paused.  
"What's the matter, you want a better look or something?"  
I blushed. "As a matter of fact, yes" I said.  
She smiled at me, dropped her hands to her sides and said "Help yourself".  
My mouth had gone dry, and my fingers trembled slightly. I knelt in front
  of her and took hold of the waistband of her knickers. I started to pull them
  down, and felt a thrill of pleasure as her bush came into view. I pulled them
  down until they were half way down her thighs, then I just looked at her lovely
  quim. It was very neat. Her bush was neatly trimmed, and her outer lips fitted
  together perfectly, hiding her inner flower. Her clit was just barely visible
  at the top of her slit. I wanted to kiss it, lick it, push my tongue between
  those delicate folds. I could smell her, and this sent my pulse racing again.
  I was about to put my lips to hers when she pulled up her knickers, and then
  her jeans.  
"That's enough for now. I might let you have another look later. Come on.
  We need to get back."  
"No, wait, I need to go."  
"You can't. I won't let you. Come on back with me now."  
Feeling a little puzzled, I followed her back to the bar. We re-took our
  seats, and found someone else had bought the next round of drinks. I sipped
  mine, thinking of the conversation we had just had.  
The conversation buzzed around me but I didn't take much part. I was still
  a bit shocked, not only by my treatment at the hands of so many strangers,
  but also by my reaction to it. I definitely felt randy now, and uppermost in
  my thoughts was the image of Lin's pussy.  
"Come on, get that drink down, we're all waiting for you to finish so you
  can get another one in." It was Alan this time. They seemed to be taking it
  in turn to goad me tonight. They had insisted that I had drunk pints of beer
  all night, and I still had over half of mine left. Plus, I could feel the pressure
  building in my bladder.  
"I'll be fine. I don't want another one yet" I said.  
"You don't have the choice. Drink that down now, and get off to the bar."  
I forced the remainder of the pint down and asked Alan for some money.  
"What's the password then?" He laughed.  
I lifted my shirt again, and they cheered again. I took the money and made
  for the bar. The pub was much more crowded now, and there was a great mass
  of bodies between me and the bar. I'd pushed my way through until I was almost
  there, enduring any number of gropes to my breasts and bottom as I did so.
  My old friends were there again, although more drunk this time. Two of them
  caught me in between them sandwiching me and preventing me from moving forwards
  or backwards.  
"We think you must like it here, love." One of them slurred.  
"Please, just let me go to the bar would you."  
"Not until we get a feel of your tits. We've seen you flashing them for that
  lot all night, now we want a quick feel."  
Without waiting for a reply, one of them began to tug at the hem of my shirt. "My
  God!" I thought, "They're going to strip me!"  
I struggled to get away, but they each had a firm grip on me. The one at
  my front had now got his hand inside my T-shirt and was pushing up. His hand
  closed on my left breast and began to squeeze it painfully. I squirmed and
  tried to get away, but his friend, who was behind me had now also got a hand
  inside my T-shirt and was busily groping for my right breast. They were both
  laughing now, and mauling my sensitive breasts. Just as quickly as they had
  started, they let go of me.  
"Lovely pair of jugs you've got there love, really lovely. Come back later
  and let us have another feel, yes?"  
I rearranged my shirt and went to the bar. Again, as I waited, some drunk
  started to grab my bottom. I didn't move, or look round, until the hand wound
  round my waist and began to find its' way between my legs. I turned instinctively
  to see who it was and came face to face with my earlier torturer, Roger. As
  I made eye contact with him he smiled and winked at me. I tried to push his
  hand away, but he was persistent. I tried to move away, turning and trying
  to evade the invading fingers. Then I felt his hand move up to the button of
  my jeans and begin to fumble with it. I felt the button pop open, and became
  desperate to get away. At that moment, the drinks order came, and I had to
  stay to pay for it. His hand continued to grope around my waist band, clearly
  feeling for the zip. I felt my heart race with alarm. I tried to push his hand
  away again, without success. The barman was taking an age to come back with
  my change, and all the time this stranger's hand was trying to undress me.
  I turned to him and said "Don't, please.", trying to look appealing to him.
  He just smiled again and said "It's only a little feel love. Nothing to worry
  about, is it?"  
Finally I saw the barman returning. I held out a hand for the change, whilst
  trying to fend of the hand at my waist band. I took the change at the same
  moment I felt the fingers find the tab of my zip. A surge of adrenaline shot
  through me as the zip began to slowly descend. I grabbed the tray of drinks
  and turned sharply, causing my assailant to lose his grip. Now all I had to
  do was get back to the table without some other bastard trying the same trick.
  I tried to barge my way through, but they were too many for me and so I was
  reduced to calling "Excuse me please." Some moved to let me through, some recognised
  me from earlier and stopped me for a quick feel. All the hands went to my breasts,
  bottom or crotch, and then one with a familiar feel to it reached for my zip.
  I looked round anxiously, and was alarmed to see Roger again. By now, he looked
  seriously drunk, but his face was contorted with concentration as he fumbled
  to open my jeans. "That's it, love. Just a quick feel of your goodies. I know
  you wont mind" he slurred. A large group was in front of me, blocking my way
  back to the table, and paying no attention to me at all. Roger had found what
  he was looking for, and I heard the blood pounding in my ears as I felt the
  zip begin its' slow descent.  
"There we are then. Nice and easy. You just stay there while I have a quick
  fumble, love. Won't be a minute."  
When it was about half way down he let go and began to insert his hands into
  my jeans. I looked about frantically for an escape, but could see none. I called
  out to the group in front of me "Will you please excuse me.", but they either
  didn't hear or didn't care. All the time the invading fingers were pushing
  into my jeans. My only bit of luck seemed to be that the zip had held instead
  of lowering further. However, Roger had still got his hand into the position
  where he was pushing his fingers under the waist band of my knickers. I was
  desperate.  
"Please let me go. Please don't do this. Please."  
"It's just a bit of fun, love. Just a quick feel of your bits. I know you
  like it, come on, let me have a feel."  
I tried one last time to lurch forward without success, and then I felt the
  fingers slip down, over my shaven mound, in one swift movement, and between
  my legs. I heard him grunt with satisfaction behind me and felt him pushing
  his body into mine.  
"Oh, there we are. Lovely. Shaved it I see. Very nice."  
His fingers started to rub at the lips to my pussy, and then suddenly, one
  had slipped between my wet lips and found my clit. Waves of pleasure and humiliation
  swept through me. My knees almost collapsed. I wanted to scream, but knew I
  couldn't. Instead I stood there while a complete stranger rubbed my clit. Then
  he slipped his hand down further and I felt a finger penetrate my tunnel. I
  was unable to move at all, as he pushed his finger in and out of me.  
"See, I told you you'd like it. Lovely and wet aren't you. Must be all that
  attention we've been giving you all night. I knew you liked it. You can tell,
  you know. Now lets have a quick feel of those lovely jugs of yours my darlin'."  
His other hand now reached round and pushed under my T-shirt. Stupidly, I
  held on tight to the tray of drinks, and even lifted it out of the way of his
  ascending hand so that I wouldn't spill anything. His hand climbed quickly
  until he was able to cup first my left and then my right breast. He pinched
  my nipples again. Then he licked at my neck. I was absolutely paralysed.  
"You're a bit tasty you, aren't you. Nice tits. I love a shaved pussy."  
His fingers now returned to my clit and began to rub in long, even strokes
  from my clit to the entrance to my tunnel, and back again. My brain clouded
  as the sensations surged through me.  
Then suddenly, I felt him withdraw his hands from my pussy and breasts. I
  was free to go.  
"Thanks for that love. Lovely. Come back any time you want a quick feel won't
  you."  
I staggered back to the table, trying to cover my half-open jeans with the
  drinks tray. When I finally did make it back Alan and Neil told me off for
  taking so long.  
"What kept you? We've been waiting hours. Move your fat arse next time."  
"What happened?", Lin asked.  
I told her, briefly.  
"What, he fingered you right here? Hands down the jeans and everything? Dirty
  old bugger!" and she giggled again.  
"Lin, I need to go to the toilet really badly now."  
"Yes, ok. But not the ladies. You have to use the gents. And not the cubicle,
  either. You have to stand at the urinal."  
"Jesus Christ Lin. I can't do that. What if someone comes in?"  
"Oh, they're bound to, it's really busy in here now. You've just got to do
  it, or else wet yourself."  
The pressure in my bladder was building rapidly. I'd drunk quite a lot of
  liquid during the evening. I didn't want to suffer the indignity of wetting
  myself in front of them all, and so I reluctantly stood and started to make
  my way to the gents toilet on the other side of the bar. Lin caught hold of
  my arm before I could leave.  
"And make sure you drop your jeans and knickers to at least your knees. I
  want your audience to have a good view. And make sure you ask permission to
  use the urinal.  
My mind was racing as I made my way to the toilets. I had just been ordered
  to put on a pee show for anyone who happened to wander in. My body was still
  recovering from having my most intimate places played with in a public bar,
  and now I was off to show them to anyone and everyone.  
I stopped a few feet from the entrance to the gents. I could still go back.
  I could sneak into the ladies and relieve myself. But then if Lin found out,
  what other form of torture would she think up for me?  
I took a deep breath and made my way to the door. I pushed it open and was
  hit by the smell of urine and the sound of voices. There must have been six
  men in there. They turned round to look in my direction as I went in.  
"Fuckin' hell. What are you doin' in 'ere love?"  
"Could I use the toilet please?" I stammered.  
"Help yourself darlin'"  
With my heart pumping like an express train I went to the urinal, turned
  my back to it and began to open my jeans. "If I'm going to do this, then I
  might as well make a real show of it.", I thought.  
I pushed my jeans down, past my knees, to my ankles. Then I took hold of
  my knickers and pushed them down too. There was a stunned silence in the toilet
  as they all watched intently. I squatted down so as not to pee in my own jeans,
  then I let my muscles relax, and I started to pee. I could hear the flow as
  it struck the porcelain and I sighed out loud at the release of the pressure
  inside me. For a moment, I had forgotten my audience, but then one of them
  said. "Fuck me, she's shaven. Come and have a look, her cunt's completely bald." They
  all gathered round watching me pee into the urinal, making various lewd comments
  about my body. Finally, I had finished. I quickly pulled up my knickers and
  jeans, and practically ran from the toilets. I quickly made my way back to
  the table, and rejoined the group.  
"Right, finish your drink, we're going." Lin said.  
"Going where?"  
"Back to your place, stupid. The night's just getting started."  
Chapter 11.   
   
I finished my drink as quickly as I could. I wasn't used to drinking beer,
  not in these quantities anyway, and as I stood to leave the table I staggered
  slightly. Keith grabbed hold of my arm to steady me, and then pulled me close
  into him, slipping his arm round my waist as he did so. We stood for a few
  moments, waiting for the others to get ready, and I felt his hand drop from
  my waist to my hips, and then to my bottom. He was stroking and kneading my
  bottom in full view of anyone who cared to watch. Then he 'passed' me over
  to Paul, who started to do the same.  
Finally everyone was ready to leave, and I followed Alan, Neil Keith and
  Lin out of the pub. Paul's hand was still on my bottom as we walked out. "Nice
  arse." He muttered in my ear as we walked. "Can't wait to give it a bit of
  punishment."  
It was dark as we left the pub, and the cool night air was refreshing, and
  brought back some of my senses. I hadn't been allowed to put my jacket on,
  and the coolness of the air made my nipples harden again. It had started to
  rain quite heavily, and this also helped to offset the effects of the beer
  I had drunk. Nevertheless, I still felt lightheaded from the beer, and also
  the effects of an evening of almost constant manhandling.  
We made our way to the cars. No one seemed to be in any hurry, as we walked
  quite slowly across the car park. Then I realised why. The rain had started
  to soak into my T-shirt, causing it to cling to my body and go almost transparent.
  I wasn't the only one who had noticed this, as they all took a good look at
  my chest. I looked down, and I could clearly see the pink of my nipples through
  the wet cotton. I shivered. Partly from the chill, partly from the sheer arousal
  the cold was causing to my stimulated nipples.  
We reached Lin's car, and instead of opening the doors, she went instead
  to the boot. Opening this, she turned to me and said "Take your trainers off,
  and put them in here."  
I did as I was told, and felt the chill from the car park puddles seep into
  my feet. My jacket was thrown in after my trainers, and then Lin said "Now
  the jeans. Take them off."  
They had all gathered round in a circle to watch, clearly enjoying themselves.
  I opened the button of my jeans, lowered the zip, and then pushed them down
  to my ankles. I took them off and threw them into the boot, which Lin then
  slammed shut.  
"Right then, who wants her in their car?"  
Andy was first to respond. "You had her coming here, we'll have her on the
  way back. Fair enough?"  
They all agreed that this was fair, without any reference to me of course.
  Andy turned and walked over to his car, Richard and Paul followed, and I padded
  along behind them wearing only a now very wet T-shirt, which left nothing to
  the imagination, and my white knickers, which were also in danger of becoming
  wet and transparent.  
Andy's car was some distance away from Lin's, and they still seemed to be
  in no rush to get there. I looked back to see the others getting into Lin's
  car, huge grins on all of their faces.  
We finally found Andy's car, and he opened the doors to let us all in. Andy
  was driving, Richard got into the front passenger seat, and Paul got in the
  back with me. I was shivering from the cold as Andy started the engine.  
We started to pull away, and Paul immediately started to fondle my breasts
  through my T-shirt. After a few moments he said "Take that thing off, I want
  a good look."  
I struggled in the back of the car to get the soaking shirt off, and then
  handed it to Paul, who dropped it onto the floor. Then I had to sit facing
  him as he stared at my breasts. He was clearly enjoying the view, and soon
  started to fondle and cup them, paying particular attention to my sensitive
  nipples. I started to feel the familiar sensations of arousal as he happily
  mauled me.  
And then we had left the village, and there were no streetlights. "Turn the
  light on Andy, I can't see what I'm doing here." Paul called. Andy duly obliged,
  and we continued on our way with the inside of the car lit up so that anyone
  we passed would have a clear view of him groping my breasts.  
"You play with them for a bit." He ordered. I started to gently squeeze and
  knead my breasts; I cupped them and stroked my nipples, becoming more and more
  randy as I did so.  
Then Paul reached out and grabbed the waistband of my knickers. He pulled
  the elastic tight, and then peered down the front at my shaven mound. "Fucking
  great. She's as bald as a chimps arse down there, look."  
Richard turned in his seat to look, and Paul pulled the waistband lower.
  I was still playing with my breasts, and the look on Richard's face was one
  of pure lust. "Fucking stop the car, mate, I want to get in the back with these
  two."  
The car stopped, and I was quickly joined in the back by Richard. I was now
  sandwiched between the two of them. Richard quickly grabbed hold of my knickers
  and removed them completely. I was now totally naked in the back of the car,
  which was still lit up for all to see.  
Paul was the first to reach out for my pussy. He closed his hand over my
  hot slit, and began to stroke it up and down. Then he spread my lips with his
  fingers and bent over to have a good look. Richard joined him, and they both
  amused themselves for several minutes by playing with my sensitive little hole.
  They took it in turns to push a finger or two into me. They would withdraw
  their fingers and smell them, making crude remarks as they did so. Then Paul
  started to rub gently on the head of my clit and I moaned out loud. Soon I
  was writhing around on the back seat as the two of them tickled and stroked
  my slit. One would push his fingers into me, while the other played with my
  clit. All the time I had to keep on playing with my breasts. I was close to
  climax; I could feel it building within me. I had closed my eyes in concentration,
  trying to catch my climax. I opened them and saw that we had reached the outskirts
  of the city, and there were streetlights again. I yelped in horror, and tried
  to close my legs, but they wouldn't allow this. Instead, they made me put my
  legs over theirs, spread-eagling me. They continued to torment my aching pussy,
  and I continued playing with my breasts. I saw other cars on the road, and
  people walking along outside the car.  
I begged them to let me cover up or at least put out the interior light,
  but they refused, and continued playing with my most intimate place. Then we
  stopped at some traffic lights. I looked around anxiously, hoping that no one
  would see me. The lights seemed to be taking hours to change. Paul and Richard
  then each put one of their legs over mine, effectively pinning me in position.  
Then I heard the sound of shouts and whistles. I looked round and saw a group
  of men, perhaps six or eight of them. They had been walking along and had glanced
  into the lit up car, only to see me in the middle of the back seat spread wide,
  with the two of them busy fingering me.  
They approached the car, and began to bang on the windows. I tried to hide
  my face, but I needn't have bothered. It wasn't my face they were looking at.  
They were cheering and whistling as they looked in. Then the comments started.  
"Fucking nice pussy. Open the doors mate, let us all have a go." Andy smiled
  at them, but shook his head, much to my relief.  
"She's well fucking ready mate. You all going to poke her are you?" They
  all grinned back and nodded. "Fucking good on you. Give her one for me!"  
"She's fucking well hot, look at her playing with her tits. Fucking lets
  have a go mate."  
I couldn't take any more, and my orgasm hit. With all of them looking in
  at me, I began to buck and writhe around, gasping and moaning as I did so.
  They started cheering again, and were banging on the windows and roof of the
  car, laughing as they did so.  
At this moment, the lights changed and the car started to move away. I had
  one last look at their faces leering at me through the windows of the car,
  before we were away.  
We were close to my flat now, I started to recognise local landmarks. I was
  still recovering from my orgasm, but I knew we were only minutes away from
  the flat. I reached down and recovered my wet T-shirt and started pull it on.  
"Who told you you could do that?" Richard snapped.  
"No one. But we're nearly there. I have to put something on, I can't walk
  through the streets with nothing on."  
"You will if I say so." Was the chilling response.  
"Please let me put my T-shirt back on, at least until we get into the flat."  
"OK, you can put it on, but not the knickers. I'm keeping those!" And with
  that he picked up my knickers from the floor of the car, sniffed at them, and
  put them into the pocket of his coat, smiling at me as he did so.  
"Richard, I can't walk through the streets with just a wet T-shirt on. Please.
  What if someone sees me? Please give me my knickers back, just until we get
  into the flat, then you can have them. Please?"  
"No deal. Now shut up whining, or I'll make you run round the block a few
  times before we let you in."  
I resigned myself to the inevitable. Getting out of the car into the pouring
  rain I tugged at the hem of my T-shirt, pulling it down so that it just about
  covered my bum and my bald little pussy.  
Andy had parked his car about 200 yards from the flat, and I was now going
  to have to walk that distance bare foot, and in a now totally transparent T-shirt.
  A thrill of excitement shot through me, no doubt heightened by the alcohol
  in my system which had eroded what few reservations I had left!  
I waited for them to set off, intending to follow along behind them, but
  this wasn't allowed. Andy made me turn around and quickly lifted the back of
  my T-shirt so that my bare bottom was on display. Then they made me walk about
  twenty feet in front of them. As they walked behind me, I could hear them making
  jokes, laughing and commenting on my nakedness. I had to admit to myself that
  I was loving this. I could feel my heart beating, my pulse racing. I could
  feel the cold wetness of the pavement, and this was in stark contrast to the
  heat in my loins.  
I was holding my hands together in front of my pussy, trying to hide it from
  view. On an impulse, I dropped them to my side. Now my entire body could be
  seen by anyone who happened to walk along the street. I felt utterly depraved
  as I padded along the wet street. And then my heart did a somersault. A figure
  had turned into the street and was walking towards me. I stopped and looked
  around for somewhere to hide.  
"No you don't. Keep going." Came the command from behind me. I drew a deep
  breath and continued to walk towards the figure, which was huddled against
  the rain. The figure was about 50 yards from me when I recognised it as an
  elderly man. He was wearing a light overcoat, which had dark patches on it
  where the rain had struck. As he started to get nearer he looked up, saw me
  and stopped dead in his tracks.  
I continued to walk towards him, and I could see his eyes taking in the scene.
  He looked me up and down, clearly enjoying the view. I lowered my head as I
  drew even nearer, thinking 'please God, don't let him know me'.  
We were no more than twenty feet apart. I knew that my T-shirt was completely
  see-through. He could see everything. My breasts, my nipples, my slit. He had
  stopped under a street light, and now I was perfectly illuminated for his viewing
  pleasure.  
As I drew level with him he muttered "Very nice. Very nice indeed!" As I
  passed him he turned his head and felt his eyes burning into my naked bum.
  The three of them behind me were laughing hysterically now. I heard the old
  man say something to them, but couldn't make out what it was. Then Paul called
  out "Come back here a minute, and say hello to the gentleman."  
I stopped. I could hear the blood rushing in my ears. I slowly turned around
  and made my way back towards them. Paul, Andy, Richard and their new friend.
  They were about fifteen feet away from me.  
I slowly walked back to them, keeping my head lowered all the time. It seemed
  to take an age to reach them, but eventually, I stood in front of them and
  waited.  
"Say hello then."  
"Hello." I muttered.  
"Well hello to you!" Laughed the old man. The others laughed too. Then the
  old man reached out, took hold of my chin and raised my face so that he could
  look at me.  
"Don't I know you?"  
I shook my head.  
"Wait a minute, yes I do, you live just up the street from here. You buy
  your papers from my shop. Don't you recognise me?"  
And then with horror, I did. The lecherous old man from the paper shop. The
  one who was always trying to make conversation, whilst trying to look down
  my blouse, or looking at me like he was mentally undressing me. I felt sick.
  I avoided going into the shop whenever I possibly could because this old bastard
  made me feel so uncomfortable. Now I was practically naked for him to enjoy.  
"Well isn't this a turn up for the books. I always thought you were a bit
  of a stuck up type."  
"Oh, she used to be." Paul chuckled. "But she's much more friendly now, aren't
  you Alison?"  
I didn't reply. The old man continued to look me up and down. He was having
  the time of his life at that moment.  
"I said 'you're much more friendly now, aren't you?'" Paul said sternly.  
"Yes." I muttered. The old man grinned at me.  
"So I see. Can I expect to see you like this more often then?"  
"I don't know." I stammered.  
"I'll see what I can do for you, pop!" Paul laughed. "What do you think Alison?
  Would you like to show the gentleman the goods next time you go into his shop?" They
  all fell about laughing again. "I think I'll have to suggest this to Alan.
  You wouldn't mind though, would you Alison?"  
I knew he was expecting an answer to this question. It had been asked to
  humiliate me, and I duly answered.  
"No." I mumbled. "I wouldn't mind."  
"That's settled then. Next time you go in, you'll be nice to the gentleman,
  and show him what you've got. Maybe even let him have a bit of a feel eh?"  
I nodded. The thought of his aged hands on me gave me the creeps, but I suspected
  that Alan would love this idea. There was nothing I could do.  
"Right then. Let's get out of this rain. Say 'goodnight' to the gentleman,
  Alison, and tell him how much you are looking forward to seeing him again."  
"Goodnight. I'm looking forward to seeing you again."  
"Me too." The old bastard said, and as I turned to go he reached out and
  stroked my bottom. "I hope to see you very soon!" I looked round at him and
  he winked at me. Then we continued walking back towards the flat.  
My mind was racing now. What would Alan make me do with the old man from
  the paper shop? What would they have me doing when we got back to the flat?
  What would I subject myself to next?  
We reached the door of the flat without further incident, and rang the doorbell.
  After a few moments the door opened and Lin was standing there. "You lot took
  your time, where did you go?"  
"We took the scenic route" Andy laughed.  
"Alison enjoyed the drive home, didn't you? And she's made a new friend." More
  laughs.  
We went inside and made our way up to my flat. I was made to go first up
  the stairs, of course, and I could feel all of their eyes on my bum and pussy
  as I climbed the stairs. When we got to the top, Lin took me by the arm and
  said, "Come with me." I followed dumbly.  
We went into the kitchen, and Lin threw me a towel. "Get that shirt off,
  and get dry." She commended.  
I took off the T-shit and started to dry my body.  
"What happened out there?"  
I told her about the car journey, the men in the street at the traffic lights,
  and lastly about the old man.  
"You are having a good night aren't you?" she giggled. "Have you finished
  getting dry yet?"  
I nodded.  
"Right then, get in there and ask then if they want a beer. Then get their
  drinks for them."  
I made my way to the living room, hearing their voices and more laughter.
  I walked in, stark naked, and asked "Would anyone like a beer?"  
They all agreed that a beer was in order, and gave me their orders. As I
  turned to leave Neil called me over to him.  
"It's been a while since I last gave your arse some punishment. I think you
  deserve it for your behaviour tonight, don't you?"  
The others went quiet and watched intently.  
"Yes." I said simply.  
"Over my knee then, tight arse."  
I draped myself over his lap, and braced myself for the blows.  
"She loves this. You wait and see. When I've finished, her cunt will be soaking!" And
  with that he began to smack my bare bottom. My skin was still damp from being
  out in the rain, and this made the slaps sting more than usual. In no time
  at all I was gasping and crying with each blow. After possibly a dozen slaps
  I felt Neil's fingers start to probe my pussy lips. I knew I was wet. The walk
  back from the car alone had got me going. His finger slipped easily between
  my lips, ran along the length of my slit and settled on my clit. He began to
  stroke and tease my sensitive little bud, until I was wriggling around on his
  lap and panting.  
"There you are. Told you. She's soaking."  
"What a hot little bitch she is!" one of them remarked.  
"Go and show the others how wet your cunt is." Neil ordered.  
I got up and walked to the nearest, Richard.  
"Would you like to feel how wet I am?" I asked, my head hung in shame. I
  was starting to love every minute of this depravity.  
"Certainly!" He remarked. I stood in front of him, legs apart, and thrust
  my hips forward for his inspection. He ran a finger along my slit, then pushed
  two of them between my lips. He spread his fingers apart, pushing my lips open
  as he did so. Then he peered at my gaping pussy.  
"Fucking soaking!" he announced to the others.  
I repeated this to all of them. Alan chose to push his thumb right into my
  tunnel. Paul took hold of my clit with thumb and forefinger, pulled back the
  hood, and then teased and tormented its' head for a minute or two. Andy inserted
  two fingers into my hot little hole, and pressed on my clit with his thumb.
  Keith made me stand with my back to him, bend over and pull my lips apart.
  After he had stroked my inner lips, he also pushed his thumb into me, and then
  leaned forward and licked my clit. The shock of this sudden stimulation on
  my already over-sensitive button almost caused my knees to collapse. I was
  on the verge of a major climax, and I'm sure they could sense this. At this
  point, they sent me off to get their beers. I made my way back to the kitchen,
  my bottom still red and smarting from the spanking I had just received, and
  my clit throbbing madly.  
"What took you so long?" Lin demanded. I told her what had happened.  
"Bastards", she exclaimed, "They said they'd wait for me before they started."  
I got the beers, took them into the men, and then returned to the kitchen,
  as Lin had instructed.  
"This is all getting too much for me." She said. "I need some relief. You're
  going to have to lick me off." And with that she was opening her jeans and
  pushing them down to her knees. She leant back against the kitchen table and
  thrust her hips forward. I could see the inviting swell of her mound, even
  through the dark blue cotton of her knickers.  
"Well come on then, I don't want to be here all night. Get busy."  
I knelt in front of her and reached out for the waistband of her knickers.
  Then I pulled them down to her knees in one swift movement. There was her pretty
  blond pussy again. Her lips looked slightly swollen, and a few of the wispy
  curls of her neat bush were damp.  
I leaned forward and began to plant small kisses on her mound. I kissed the
  insides of her thighs and then gently kissed her right at the top of her slit.
  I slipped my tongue forwards and gently caressed the base of her clit with
  it. She groaned and thrust her hips further forward, seeking out my tongue.
  I spread her thighs as wide as I could and began to lap at her pussy lips,
  then I used my fingers to gently open her lips and found the tip of her clit
  with my tongue. She reached down and grabbed hold of my head, pushing my face
  into her pubic bone. He smell was intoxicating. Her juices filled my mouth,
  I could taste nothing else. I was savouring the roughness of her pubes against
  my face, my tongue darted around her clit. I closed my lips on the head of
  her clit and began to suck, bobbing my head up and down as if giving a blowjob.
  I pushed first one, and then two fingers into her hot hole. She was grinding
  her pelvis into my face now, her fingers entwined in my hair. I felt her entire
  body start to shake, and then she was gasping for breath. After a few moments,
  I felt her fingers relax their grip. I let my fingers slip from her tunnel,
  and sank down.  
"Very nice. Was that part of the show, or do I have to pay extra for that?"  
I span around. Neil was regarding us both with a mocking smile on his face.
  There was no way of telling how long he had been there, but he had clearly
  enjoyed the show.  
Lin pulled her knickers up, but I noticed that she seemed in no hurry to
  do so. Her jeans followed. I stayed where I was, on the floor at Lin's feet.  
"I just wanted a bit of relief, that's all. Why should you lot get all the
  fun!"  
"Don't mind me, Lin. The two of you should feel free to carry on. When you're
  done, though, we need some more beers. Then the fun can start!"  
My clit was now aching and throbbing. I could still taste Lin's juices, smell
  her scent. I desperately needed a release. Instead I got beers for the men
  and took them into the living room. Lin was already in there. I handed the
  beers out.  
"Aren't you having one then?" Neil asked me when I handed him his. "I thought
  you'd be thirsty after all that work in the kitchen."  
"What was that then?" Alan asked.  
"She just licked Lin off in the kitchen, didn't you?"  
I nodded. I looked across at Lin, who's face was red with embarrassment.  
"Is that right?" Keith asked.  
"Yes." Lin replied. "I needed a bit of relief, that's all. Like I said to
  Neil, why should you lot have all the fun?"  
"Fuck, I'd like to watch that!" Keith said. The others nodded their agreement.  
"Maybe later. If I'm in the mood." Lin smiled. "Now, I think it's time for
  some more fun. Do you want to fuck her now, or do you want to have a bit more
  fun with her first?"  
"What have you got in mind, then?" Neil asked.  
"Watch this." They were all seated in a semi-circle. Lin placed a plain wooden
  dining chair facing all of them and told me to sit in it. The wood was cold
  against my bottom and back, but I didn't move.  
"Now. Start playing with yourself. Tits and fanny. Make it good, but you're
  not allowed to come."  
I started to stroke and massage my breasts, tweaking my nipples, cupping
  each breast in turn. I dropped my other hand down to my pussy and began to
  stroke my lips. I could feel my juices leaking out. I slipped a finger between
  my lips and found my clit. I wanted to play with it until I came more than
  anything, but I remembered Lin's orders. Instead, I slipped my finger into
  my hot little hole, moaning out loud as I did so. The men made appreciative
  noises, enjoying the show. Then Lin's special torture started.  
"You like doing that don't you? How old were you when you first started to
  wank?"  
In spite of everything, I felt myself blush.  
"I was about fourteen."  
"Tell us all about it then?"  
"I used to notice how nice it felt when I was in the shower or bath and I
  washed myself there. I remember being in bed one night, and I had an itch down
  there, I reached down to scratch it, and I remember thinking how nice it had
  felt when my hands were down there. I started to rub myself over my knickers."  
"Go on."  
"I remember it feeling really nice, and so I rubbed a bit harder. Then I
  put my hand down the front of my knickers and started to rub my pussy. I remember
  it felt really nice, and then I accidentally slipped a finger between them.
  I didn't mean to, but I'd become wet and it just slipped in. my finger touched
  my clit and the next thing I knew was that I was rubbing and tickling it. I
  felt myself getting wetter and stickier, and then I came. I'd never felt anything
  like that before, it was wonderful."  
"And how often did you wank after that?"  
"All the time. I did it nearly every night."  
"Did you put anything up your fanny?"  
I gasped. I had never been asked questions like this before. I could feel
  myself blushing furiously. The men were egging her on, laughing and joking.
  Drinking their beer while I wanked in front of them and revealed my most intimate
  secrets.  
"Tell me."  
"At first, I would just put a finger inside to see what it felt like. Then
  I would put two fingers in. It felt lovely."  
"And then what?"  
"Then one day I was looking for something in the garage when I found a candle."  
They all started to laugh at this.  
"What kind of candle?"  
"It was one of those household ones. The plain wax ones. When I saw it I
  started to think about how it would feel if it touched me. I was wearing my
  school uniform at the time, and I lifted my skirt and rubbed its' length along
  my pussy over my knickers."  
"How did that feel?"  
"Oh God!, it felt fantastic! I rubbed it along my pussy for ages. I found
  that if I pressed it into me, my lips would part and it would rub against my
  clit. I did this for ages until I came. Then I took it up to my room and hid
  it in the bottom of my wardrobe. That night, before I went to bed, I brought
  it out of the wardrobe. I pulled up my nightie and took off my knickers. Then
  I rubbed the tip along my pussy. I opened my pussy with my fingers and put
  the tip inside. I started to push it in and out, going further all the time.
  Then I must have hit my hymen, because it hurt all of a sudden. I pulled it
  out and put it away quickly. I was scared that I'd done some damage, or that
  I wasn't a virgin anymore."  
"So what happened next?"  
"After a few days I started to think about it again. I wanted to try it again.
  I lay in bed one night, and pushed my finger up into me until I could feel
  my hymen, and I knew I hadn't broken it, so I decided to have another go. This
  time I was more careful, and I only pushed it in a little way. I loved the
  feeling of it inside me, and I started to move it in and out again, tickling
  my clit as I did so. And then I came, and it was really powerful. I remember
  turning my face into my pillow and crying out."  
I had become incredibly aroused now. I could feel my juices flowing out of
  me, and the throbbing in my clit was maddening. I had started to pinch my nipples
  so that they hurt just as a way of holding off my climax. I started to beg.  
"Please, can I come now? I'm so close, and I need to come so badly. Please
  let me."  
"No. You can stop playing with yourself now, and stand up."  
I was almost crying with frustration. I stood up, my knees shaking and my
  heart pounding.  
"I think she's ready. Who wants her first?"  
They all did, of course. Lin seemed to be in complete control of the situation.  
"Well, Alan and Neil have had her before. Keith had a blow job this afternoon.
  Paul and Richard got to play with her in the car, so I think Andy should have
  a go."  
There were groans from the others, and mild complaints. Andy just beamed,
  and started to open his trousers.  
"No. Let her do that for you, and she can get you nice and hard before she
  climbs aboard." Lin ordered. "Get on with it then."  
I knelt before Andy and started to open his trousers. I pulled them down
  and then began to tug on his boxer shorts. His half-erect cock sprang into
  view, six or seven inches of it, with a large purple, circumcised head. I took
  hold of it and began to wank it. I stroked his balls and then took the head
  of his shaft into my mouth. I was desperate to have it inside me, and sucked
  greedily on it, willing it to swell. Within a few moments it was standing proudly,
  the veins along it's side bulging.  
"Now?" I asked, and he nodded. I stood up, squatted over him and lowered
  myself onto his organ. I shuddered with pleasure as the tip touched my pussy
  lips. I quickly guided it into the entrance to my hole, and then began to sink
  down onto it. Waves of pleasure swept over me. I had forgotten all about every
  one else in the room, even Andy. All I was aware of was the delicious sensations
  as the cock pushed deeper into me. When he was in up to the hilt I began to
  rock my hips back and forth. I could feel his entire length inside me, and
  his pubes tickling my sensitive inner lips and my clit.  
He reached up and began to maul my breasts. Then he ran his fingers over
  my nipples and I began to climax. I cried out in ecstasy, grinding my pelvis
  down onto him, feeling him throbbing inside me. I was lost in a dense fog of
  pleasure, and then I felt him shooting hot jism deep into me, and this drove
  me on to even greater heights. I was aware of nothing at all except the intense
  waves of pleasure shooting through me. And then I collapsed onto his chest,
  panting and sobbing. My breath coming in ragged gasps. I opened my eyes and
  looked at him. His face was flushed and sweaty, his eyes slightly glazed. He
  was panting heavily too. We looked at one another and both smiled. It had been
  a good one for both of us!  
I suddenly became aware of our 'audience'. Richard, Paul and Keith were all
  rubbing very obvious lumps in their trousers, Alan and Neil were grinning smugly.
  Lin, sitting behind them, had a curious look on her face. I noticed that she
  had one hand balled into a fist and thrust into her crotch. She was rocking
  back and forth, her nipples clearly visible beneath her top. As I started to
  recover from my climax she started to gasp, and her body went completely rigid.
  The men all turned their heads to look at her. She closed her eyes and lowered
  her head, her face obscured. When her body finally relaxed, her face was flushed
  and she too was gasping for breath.  
There was a silence in the room broken only by the sound of the heavy breathing
  from Andy, Lin and myself. It was Alan who broke the silence.  
"I think we could all use another beer. Alison, go and get them, and clean
  yourself up while you're about it. We're not finished with you yet!"  
I climbed off Andy and made for the kitchen to get the beers. After I had
  handed them out I made my way to the bathroom. I could feel Andy's cum leaking
  out of me and running down my thighs. I ran the shower until it was warm, then
  played the water onto my pussy, washing Andy's jism away. Then I patted myself
  dry and left the bathroom.  
Lin was waiting for me on the landing. She motioned for me to follow her
  into the kitchen.  
"My God!", she said, "That was fucking amazing. My knickers are soaked. Go
  and get me a pair of yours to put on, then come and sit down and have a drink,
  you look like you could use one!"  
I went to my bedroom, found a pair of knickers and went back to the kitchen.
  Lin had removed her jeans and knickers and dropped them in a pile on the floor.
  She turned as I entered and handed me a glass of wine. Then she went into the
  bathroom and I heard water running. She came back a few minutes later, drying
  her sweet pussy with a towel. Then she pulled on the clean knickers, but didn't
  bother with the jeans. She picked up her discarded underwear and tossed them
  to me.  
"There you go. Souvenir for you."  
We both burst out laughing at this, but as she turned away to collect her
  drink, I couldn't resist having a quick sniff of the damp cotton. I was a scent
  I would remember forever.  
"Well, I suppose we had better be getting back. Are you ready for more fun
  then?"  
"You bet!" I grinned.  
Chapter 12.   
   
I followed Lin from the kitchen, noticing the attractive sway of her bottom
  as she walked. I couldn't help myself, I had to touch it. I reached out and
  caressed the swell of her cheeks. She stopped and looked over her shoulder
  at me.  
"Enjoying yourself?"  
I dropped my hand to my side, "Sorry Lin, I couldn't resist it. You've got
  a lovely bum!"  
"Help yourself then!"  
I ran my hand across her bottom, stroking and squeezing her firm cheeks.
  I slipped my hand inside her knickers and cupped one cheek. Then the living
  room door opened and I saw Neil standing there.  
"Fuckin' hell! They're at it again. Look at this, she's got her hand in Lin's
  knickers."  
He made us both walk into the living room, my hand still groping Lin's bum
  cheek. I loved the feel of it as she walked.  
"Who's idea was this then?" Keith asked, a suspicious tone in his voice.  
"Hers. She was walking behind me and then she started feeling my arse."  
"Dirty little bitch. Come here you, I'll show you what I think of anyone
  feeling up my girl."  
I removed my hand from Lin's knickers and walked slowly over to Keith. I
  stood in front of him and in one swift movement he pulled me over his knee.
  He immediately began to deliver swift smacks to my bottom. He wasn't playing
  around, they stung! I cried out as each blow connected. I was faintly aware
  of the others laughing and cheering him on, but I was pre-occupied with the
  hot, stinging pain I was now feeling in my bottom. Suddenly he stopped.  
"Get up." He ordered. I stood before him, automatically reaching behind me
  to rub my burning bottom. Without warning he began to slap my breasts, making
  them swing as he did so. The others laughed even louder at this, but I wailed
  loudly as the pain in my breasts began to match my bottom. I put my arms up
  to try to protect myself but strong hands grabbed hold of them and held them
  behind my back, forcing my breasts out towards my attacker. Then he took hold
  of my nipples, pinching them hard and causing me to yelp with discomfort. He
  twisted them and pulled on them making me stand on tip-toe.  
"Say you're sorry."  
"Oh God!, please Keith, I'm sorry, please let me go. I won't do it again,
  I promise, please Keith."  
More laughter from the audience.  
"Don't stop yet Keith, she can take much more than that!" It was Neil, urging
  Keith on. "She likes a bit of rough, especially on her tits, don't you tight
  arse?"  
When I didn't respond he began to slap my legs and bottom. I tried to move
  to avoid his blows, but this caused me to pull against Keith who still had
  my nipples in a tight grip.  
"I said you like a bit of rough, don't you?"  
"Yes, oh yes I like it. Really I do. Please stop. I'll do whatever you want.
  Please stop."  
"I think it's party time." Keith announced. He let go of my nipples, which
  were now throbbing with pain, and began to take off his jeans. The others did
  the same, and soon all six of them were standing in front of me, dressed only
  in T-shirts and boxer shorts.  
"Now you can show me how sorry you are. Suck it." Keith ordered. He sat down
  in a chair and I positioned myself between his legs. I pulled his stiff cock
  out of his underwear and began to lick and suck it enthusiastically, whilst
  wanking it up and down. I didn't want to give him any cause for complaint,
  my bottom and nipples were still throbbing as a reminder of how much they were
  prepared to treat me as their property.  
Within a very short space of time his cock was fully erect. "Right, now you
  can give me a good fucking. Make it a really good one, or you know what you'll
  get."  
I straddled him and lowered myself quickly onto him. I took hold of his cock
  and steered it into my sopping pussy. In spite of the pain he had caused me,
  I shuddered with pleasure as his glans pushed my lips apart and started to
  enter me. I let out an involuntary groan as his shaft went deeper into me,
  then began to rock my hips back and forth.  
Keith was looking at me with a lascivious grin on his face. "Faster." He
  barked. I rocked faster. "Harder." I ground my pelvis down onto his. His hands
  reached out and began to maul my breasts. I continued to force his stiff cock
  deep into my pussy. He pinched my nipples, still sore from his previous punishment.
  The pain emanating from them seemed to increase the pleasure in my loins. I
  began to move on him even faster, almost in a frenzy. I heard myself crying
  out "Oh yes, oh god yes."  
Then someone started to smack my bottom. The stinging blows causing me to
  gasp out loud.  
"Tell us all what a dirty little bitch you are." I heard Neil say.  
"Oh God, yes. I am a dirty bitch. I want you to fuck me any way you want.
  I want you to punish me. I deserve to be punished."  
Keith was still pinching my nipples and my bottom was still being smacked.
  I was loving every minute of it. I had never known such a stunning combination
  of pain and pleasure. I knew that at any moment I was going to have a massive
  orgasm, but I was trying to hold it off. Then I felt Keith start to twitch
  inside me. He gripped my nipples even tighter and I felt him shoot his jism
  deep into me. I ground my pelvis down onto him and screamed with pleasure as
  my own climax hit. The sensations were so intense that I almost passed out,
  and I collapsed onto Keith gasping for breath.  
I wasn't given time to regain my breath. Hands grabbed me under my arms and
  pulled me off Keith. I was dragged to a standing position, and then made to
  straddle Paul, who was sitting on another chair with his stiff cock in his
  hand. I lowered myself down onto him and felt him enter me. Hands pushed on
  my shoulders, forcing me down onto him until he was in me up to the hilt. My
  brain was still recovering from my climax, and I felt Paul start to build his
  rhythm.  
Then I felt fingers start to push at my anus. They were rubbing at my tight
  little hole, smearing in a lubricant. I felt first one, and then another digit
  penetrate me. I looked over my shoulder to see Richard poised to enter me.
  I was in no position to object. I shuddered with pleasure as I felt his cock
  start to spread my anus. I tried to relax my muscles to allow him in, and then
  he had pushed past my sphincter and I could feel him burying his cock deep
  in my bottom.  
The two of them began to pound into my two holes. I closed my eyes and gave
  myself over to the sheer pleasure of being used so thoroughly.  
Richard was the first to climax. I heard him groan then shoot his hot seed
  deep into my bowels. He withdrew, leaving Paul still buried deep in my pussy,
  and then I felt another cock start to push at my anus. This one was much larger
  than the last and I looked over my shoulder to see Neil guiding his huge member
  into me. Again pain and pleasure combined as his organ stretched my tight hole.
  I was unable to move, sandwiched between them as they both pushed deep into
  me. Paul groaned and shot his load into me. Neil continued to pound away. I
  was lost in the pleasure of sheer depravity.  
They continued on for what seemed like hours. Each of them must have enjoyed
  me at least twice. My pussy and bowels were filled with their jism, my jaws
  ached from having sucked so many of them, I could taste nothing but their semen.
  I had completely lost track of who had had me, and in what hole.  
I was on my knees, sucking hungrily on the cock in my mouth, eyes closed,
  completely lost in the pleasure of the moment. I felt the cock twitch in my
  mouth and opened my eyes to see Alan looking down at me. He began to shoot
  into my mouth, but then pulled out and sprayed his semen over my face. The
  others cheered. I felt his hot seed on my face, running down to drip onto my
  chest. Finally, he was spent. I fell to the floor, completely exhausted. The
  silence in the room broken only by the music coming from the stereo.  
I had never experienced such excess in my wildest dreams. Now I wanted only
  to drift off into sleep. Lin however, had other plans.  
"You look a total mess." She announced to the room. "I think you need a clean
  up, come with me."  
Wearily, I got to my feet and followed her out of the room. The others came
  too, and we made our way to the bathroom. "Get in the bath" she ordered. I
  lay in the bath, almost as if in a dream.  
"Ok boys, hose her down." I heard her say. I closed my eyes, expecting to
  be washed with warm water. Instead I felt several small streams of hot water
  hit different parts of my body and heard them giggling. I opened my eyes to
  see them urinating on me. All six of them were happily peeing on me, aiming
  the streams on my breasts, pussy and face. I couldn't believe how humiliating
  and yet thrilling this felt. I made no effort to avoid the streams, made no
  complaint. Instead I opened my legs to let them piss on my pussy, then reached
  down to spread my lips wide for them. They laughed and cheered at this, then
  six streams of urine hit my sensitive pussy lips.  
I became aware of my own full bladder and simply allowed myself to pee in
  front of them all. Keith was the first to notice this, "Fuckin' hell, look!
  She's pissing too." They all laughed and cheered at this.  
"Watch this." Lin said. She dropped her knickers and then squatted over me.
  Then she too was urinating on me, her pee hitting my face, soaking into my
  hair. I couldn't resist it. I put my face to her pussy and let her pee stream
  into my mouth before overflowing and falling onto my breasts.  
They'd had their fun, and then I was left alone in the bath. As I lay there,
  soaked in their urine, my fingers crept down to my pussy and I stroked my clit
  whilst thinking about the smell and taste of Lin's pussy. I fingered myself
  to yet another climax, then turned on the shower and let the warm, clean water
  bathe my aching body.  
I staggered from the bathroom and made my way to my bed. Exhausted, I fell
  into a deep sleep almost at once.  
I was woken by the sound of someone entering my bedroom. Too tired to open
  my eyes, I simply turned over in bed. Then someone got into bed beside me and
  I felt hands start to grope my breasts. I opened my eyes to see Paul beside
  me.  
"We're going in a bit, but I wanted a quickie first. Open up then."  
Without hesitation I opened my legs. His hand dived between my thighs and
  began to rub my pussy lips. My pussy was incredibly sensitive after the previous
  night's excesses, and soon I was squirming around in the bed as his fingers
  teased my clit, gasping and moaning.  
"You are without a doubt the dirtiest little bitch I have ever met. You can't
  get enough cock can you?"  
In reply I reached out and took hold of his stiffening cock, wanking it.
  He climbed on top of me and pushed inside me. He hadn't been joking about a
  'quickie', after about a minute he groaned and I felt the familiar warmth inside
  me. He rolled off me and began to get dressed.  
"I reckon we should take you back to that pub again next week, only this
  time we let them all fuck you stupid. Maybe that would be enough for you. What
  do you think?"  
I smiled at him, "Maybe." I said.  
He left the room still laughing.  
Moments later Richard and Andy came in. Andy wanted to have me 'doggy' fashion,
  whilst Richard wanted a 'blow job'. I quickly got up on all fours and waited
  for Andy to enter me, then started to suck on Richard's stiffening member.
  They climaxed within a minute of two, almost simultaneously, then left without
  saying a word.  
Keith and Lin came next. Lin's orders were specific. I was to lick her out
  while Keith took me from behind. She lay in front of me and spread her legs.
  I started to kiss and lick her pussy lips, slipping my tongue between them.
  I pushed my tongue into her pussy, then ran it up her slit until I found her
  clit. As I started to lick and suck at this she arched her back and let out
  a contented sigh. I felt Keith move into position behind me. My pussy was slick
  with the semen of Paul and Andy. He smeared this onto my bum hole, and then
  he pushed into my bowels.  
He quickly built to a steady rhythm. As he entered me he pushed my whole
  body forward and this caused my tongue to push into Lin. She was already close
  to a climax and this caused her to clamp her legs onto my head. Keith continued
  to pound my bottom, forcing me onto Lin again and again. She let out a low
  moan and began to shake. She grabbed my hair and forced her pelvis onto my
  face. My senses were filled by her pussy, the smell, the taste, the feel of
  it, the sound of her breathing. And then Keith came inside me. All three of
  us collapsed in a heap, gasping for breath.  
After a few moments we started to recover. Keith stood up and started to
  pull up his trousers. "Wait." Lin said. "I think she should clean you off before
  you get dressed." She turned to me, "Lick him clean then, and don't take all
  day about it." Keith looked at me with a stupid grin on his face as I started
  to clean his now shrunken member with my tongue. I knew I was tasting his semen,
  together with that of Paul and Andy, and probably my own faeces, but I didn't
  care. I licked along the entire length of his cock, sucking his glans into
  my mouth and swirling my tongue around it.  
"My God!, you really get off on this don't you?" Lin said. "If I hadn't seen
  it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it. Don't forget to clean his
  balls as well." I dutifully started to lick Keith's scrotum.  
"You might as well clean my arse while you're at it, Neil tells me you're
  good at that."  
They both watched as I licked at his cock and balls, then Keith lay face
  down on the bed and I started to lick at his arse crack. As I had done with
  Neil that first time I was used by him, I gently pulled the cheeks of his arse
  apart and began to lick at his puckered hole. I could feel Lin's eyes on me,
  enjoying the spectacle of me humiliating myself. I pushed my tongue into Keith's
  hole, and he groaned with pleasure. I continued to lick at his arse for several
  minutes, pushing my tongue in or just running it round his hole. I slipped
  my hand between his thighs and started to stroke and caress his balls. He raised
  his hips up off the bed and I was able to reach round with my other hand and
  take hold of his cock, which was beginning to get hard again.  
"Is that good honey?" Lin asked.  
"Oh yeah. Neil was right, she is very good at this."  
"I think she ought to suck you off one more time before we go."  
"Oh yeah!"  
He rolled onto his back and lay back to enjoy the experience. I began to
  suck at his glans, bobbing my head up and down on him. I continued to caress
  his balls, but now I also began to stroke and tickle his arse hole. He moaned
  with pleasure as I gently slipped a finger up his arse. After a few moments
  he groaned and started to shoot semen into my mouth. "Make sure you swallow
  it all." Lin ordered. I did as I was told, swallowing all of his salty cum
  until he stopped shooting into my mouth.  
They both got dressed, ignoring me as they did so, then Lin said "Everyone
  is going now, so come and say your goodbyes."  
I grabbed a dressing gown and followed them both into the living room. They
  were all there, Paul, Richard and Andy with coats on, ready to leave. Alan
  and Neil looking thoroughly pleased with themselves.  
"I thought it would be nice if Alison came and said goodbye, and thank you
  for such a nice time." They all chuckled at this. "Well, go one then." She
  said to me.  
"Well, thanks for such an eventful evening. I can honestly say I'll remember
  it for the rest of my life." I said to them all.  
"I told you you'd enjoy it, didn't I?" Alan said, smugly.  
"What's next then?" Andy asked.  
"I said we should take her back to that pub and let them all fuck her, she'd
  enjoy that. She didn't seem to mind the idea either, did you?" Paul asked.  
"Well no, but I didn't think you were serious!" I joked. They all laughed.  
"We'll think of something for her, don't worry. In the meantime, if any of
  you want to have some fun with her, just drop by any time." I couldn't believe
  what Alan had just said. This must have registered on my face as they all began
  to laugh again.  
"That's right, Alison. You seemed to enjoy yourself so much, I thought it
  would be nice for the guys to have some more fun with you. You don't mind,
  do you?"  
"No" I said in a kind of daze, "I don't mind. Anytime at all."  
There was a general murmuring of approval at this. And then they started
  to make for the door. As the first of them, Andy, passed me he reached out
  and pulled open my dressing gown, took a long lingering look at my breasts
  and said "See you again soon." They all took their opportunity to have a look
  and a feel before they went, and within moments I was stark naked again.  
Alan and Neil went to the door to see them off, and then returned to the
  living room. Alan looked at me curiously. "How would you feel about going back
  to that pub and letting them play with you all night?"  
"I don't know. There were enough of them feeling me up last night to last
  me a lifetime. I wouldn't want to have all of them taking me. I feel bad enough
  this morning after what the lot of you did to me, without a cast of thousands
  thanks very much."  
"But you did enjoy it, didn't you? I mean in the pub, with all of them groping
  you."  
"After a while, yes. It did get a bit much when that bastard had his hands
  in my knickers though. He put a finger inside me, you know, right there, in
  the middle of the bloody pub."  
"Come off it, tight arse. You loved it." Neil said with a harsh laugh. "You
  love being the centre of attention, that's why you do this. That's why you
  walked around in the street practically naked last night. That's why you let
  the old man from the paper shop have a good look at you. Admit it, you love
  being at the centre of things, don't you?"  
"I suppose so. I have to admit, it was thrilling in a weird sort of way walking
  along in the rain with just a see-through T-shirt on and nothing else!"  
"So if we took you to a pub or club, and told you to get screwed by some
  complete stranger, or gang of them, while we watched, you'd be up for it, wouldn't
  you?"  
I felt as though I had been trapped. Neil clearly had something in mind,
  and I had just talked myself into going along with whatever his twisted little
  mind had come up with. "What have you got in mind?" I asked.  
"You'll just have to wait and see, won't you? In the meantime Al, are you
  going to send her down to be nice to the old guy in the paper shop?"  
"Good idea. Go and get cleaned up, then you can go and say hello to your
  new friend."  
"You're not serious? You're not really going to let that horrible old bastard
  do anything to me, are you?"  
"Sure, why not?" Alan was looking at me with his patronising smile. "I think
  it would be good for you to experience a mature man." Neil laughed loudly at
  this.  
"Now get yourself cleaned up. And put on something nice and feminine for
  the old goat!"  
My mind was still reeling at the possible consequences of our conversation
  as I made my way to the bathroom and ran the shower. Would Alan really send
  me to visit the old man? What was Neil planning? Was there anything I wouldn't
  do to please them?  
I answered my own question whilst in the shower. As I ran my hands down to
  my pussy I felt my clit stiffen. I was turned on at the prospect of being used
  by them in whatever way amused them. There was nothing I wouldn't do for them.  
I finished my shower, dried myself, then went to my room where I dried my
  hair, applied some make-up and chose my clothes for the afternoon. I slipped
  on my white knickers and bra, then put on a blue silk blouse, stockings and
  a flowing, three-quarter length skirt, also blue. Then I went back into the
  living room and presented myself for their approval.  
"Very nice indeed." Neil said simply. "Lift the skirt, let's have a look
  at what's underneath." Naturally, I complied. "Excellent!"  
"Right." Said Alan, "Go down there and be nice to him."  
"How far do I have to go?"  
"All the way. In fact, I'll give you a letter for him." And with that he
  produced an envelope. "You can open it and read what's inside if you like."  
I opened the envelope with trembling fingers, unfolded the note and read: " Dear
      Mr. Stuart, you may remember Alison from last night, although she is wearing
      considerably more today! I know you have tried your best to make conversation
      with her in recent months, only for her to ignore or insult you. This was
      because she was a stuck up bitch! You'll notice that she has a much friendlier
      attitude these days, in fact, she will be happy to do anything which will
      please you. If she fails to accommodate any request you may make, please
      feel free to spank her bare arse until you feel she has been punished sufficiently.
      I guarantee she will be only too keen to please after this. Please enjoy
      her charms. Kind regards. A. Hughes. P.S. Please ensure that she returns
      to me by 5 P.M. today."    
   
"Jesus, Alan! You can't make me give this to him, he'll have a bloody field
  day. Please, can't I just flirt with him, maybe give him a quick flash, like
  I did with the Head?"  
"No. You will go down there, do whatever he tells you to, and then come and
  tell us all about it. We'll be waiting."  
I looked at my watch; 3 P.M. "Christ Alan!, you're going to make me stay
  there for two hours! Please don't make me do this."  
"Shut up whining and get down there." And with that he turned to Neil and
  started talking.  
I left the room, went to the front door and stepped outside. It would only
  take me a couple of minutes to walk to the newspaper shop. Every step took
  all my effort not to run away. I had no idea why I was allowing Alan to use
  me like this, I only knew that I couldn't resist. Even now, I could feel my
  pussy beginning to get wet at the thought of what that disgusting old man was
  going to do to me.  
I stood at the entrance to the shop and composed myself. My heart was beating
  like an express train. I could see that there were a few customers in the shop.
  I waited until the last of them left before making my entrance.  
As I entered the door the old man was studying a ledger of some sort. He
  must have been in his sixties; a thin stooped figure with a bald head and skin
  yellow with age. He looked up at the sound of the door opening and a lecherous
  grin spread across his face as he recognised me.  
"Well, hello again. Did you enjoy your walk in the rain last night?"  
"Yes, thank you." I muttered. "I have a letter for you, from Alan."  
"Alan? Alan who?"  
"Alan Hughes, he lives at flat 3B, remember?"  
"Oh yes, I remember him. Let's have it then."  
I handed over the letter. He opened the envelope and began to read. His eyebrows
  arched in surprise as he read down. "Yes, you certainly were a stuck up bitch
  weren't you&hellip;&hellip;., anything which will please me?&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;,
  spank her bare arse!" He looked at me "Is this correct?"  
"Yes."  
"Well then, you'd best come out the back, we don't want an audience, do we?"  
He locked the door of the shop and put the 'closed' sign in the window. Then
  he motioned for me to follow him into the back of the shop. We went into a
  sort of storeroom, there were newspapers and magazines everywhere. He sat down
  in an old looking armchair and surveyed me.  
"What's brought this on then?"  
"I don't know what you mean." I stammered.  
"For as long as I've known you, you've had your nose stuck in the air. Too
  good to give me the time of day. Now suddenly you're parading around naked,
  and turning up at my shop with a note from this Hughes fellow, telling me I
  can do what I like to you, and suggesting I smack your arse if you don't do
  as I say. What's going on?"  
"Can't we just say that I've had a change of heart and leave it at that?"  
He chuckled to himself. "OK, fine. If you don't want to say, why should I
  complain? A few times you've been in here I've managed to have a quick look
  down your blouse, did you know?"  
"Yes."  
"And you didn't like that, did you? Is that why you were always so snotty?"  
"I suppose so, yes."  
"Well then, why don't you give me a proper look at what you've got in there.
  Slip your blouse off, let's see what you've got on your chest."  
I nervously began to fumble with the buttons on my blouse, holding it closed
  as each button was undone, as if to delay the moment of exposure. Finally,
  the last one was open. I took a deep breath and opened it, exposing my bra
  to him. I slipped the blouse off my shoulders and threw it onto a nearby shelf,
  which I noticed were filled with soft-porn magazines.  
"Keep going." I looked at him, his eyes gleaming as I stood just a few feet
  in front of him.  
I reached behind me and unhooked my bra. I let it fall into my hands, then
  dropped it on top of my blouse. He sat looking at me for a moment or two, then
  got out of his chair and shuffled over to me. He reached out his bony hand
  towards me, his skin was sallow and wrinkled, dirt was clogged under his fingernails.
  His touch was surprisingly gentle as he ran his fingertips around my breast,
  but I could feel the roughness of his skin as he stroked my sensitive nipples.  
He moved behind me, put both arms around me and began to cup and fondle both
  breasts. I could smell tobacco on his breath, his body odour was strong.  
"Lovely. Very nice indeed. You've got a very nice pair of tits here young
  lady, haven't you?"  
I didn't answer. He started to roll my nipples between his thumb and forefinger.
  In spite of myself, I felt them start to stiffen. My body was betraying me
  yet again as I felt myself responding to the touch of this old man. I felt
  my breathing start to quicken. He was cupping my breasts again, but this time
  he was running his thumbs around my nipples. I looked down to see his aged,
  yellowing hands sharply contrasted against my smooth, white skin. My nipples
  were standing firm and my aureole were becoming crinkly.  
"Oh yes, these are very nice. And you like having them played with don't
  you?"  
Again, I didn't respond.  
"I asked you a question. I said 'you like having them played with, don't
  you?' Tell me how you like a man to touch them. Tell me now."  
I drew in a ragged breath. "Yes, I do like to have them touched."  
"Played with." He corrected. "Tell me how you like men to play with your
  tits."  
"I like it when a man plays with my tits. I like to have my nipples played
  with."  
"Like this?" He started rolling my nipples between thumb and finger again.  
"Mmmm, yes. Just like that."  
"Do you like showing your tits off to men?"  
"Sometimes."  
"I bet you didn't want to show them off to me, did you?"  
"No."  
"But you have to, because if you don't, I can smack your bare arse, can't
  I."  
"Yes."  
"Say it."  
"I have to show my tits off to you, because if I don't you can smack my bare
  arse."  
I was starting to enjoy myself again. The thrill of humiliation was coursing
  through me. I started to pant as my arousal increased, the sight of his old,
  gnarled hands groping and stroking my naked breasts, the smell of his body,
  the body of an old man, the stale tobacco smell on his breath. The thought
  of what he was going to do to me. I felt my pussy begin to moisten.  
He let go off my breasts and returned to his seat, rubbing his groin as he
  did so.  
"Did you enjoy that? Did you like me playing with your tits?"  
I decided to go with the flow. "Yes. I didn't want you to see me or touch
  me at first, but then I felt my nipples getting stiff and I started to like
  it."  
"And what about your pussy? Are you getting wet?"  
"I think so."  
"I'm going to see it, you know. I'm going to make you strip for me, right
  here, until you are stark bollock naked. Then I'm going to see that pretty
  cunt of yours you were so keen to show off last night. Do you want to show
  me your cunt?"  
"No, but if you tell me to, then I have to."  
"But you are getting randy, aren't you?"  
"Yes."  
"Yes, of course you are. You let me play with your tits for a few minutes
  and now you're getting all wet and randy. So you want someone to touch your
  cunt, don't you? You want someone to play with it, to make you wet. Or do you
  want to play with it yourself? Do you want to play with it, or do you want
  me to play with it?"  
"I don't know."  
"Would you like to lift your skirt for me? Show me your knickers? Do you
  want to do that?"  
"No, I don't want to."  
"But you have to?"  
"Yes."  
"Then do it. Lift your skirt right up so that I can see your knickers, you
  are wearing knickers aren't you?"  
"Yes, I'm wearing knickers."  
I began to lift my skirt, higher and higher until my stocking tops came into
  view. I saw him smile to himself, and he rubbed his groin again. He motioned
  for me to continue. I lifted my skirts until I was holding it high above my
  waist. Then he made me turn around and show him my bottom. He shuffled over
  to me again and I felt him start to caress my bottom cheeks. Again I was aware
  of his strong body odour. His fingers found their way under the waistband of
  my knickers and then carried on down until he was stroking my bare cheek.  
"Lovely tight little arse. You've got a good little body here haven't you?
  Who would have thought that one day you would be standing here with your tits
  out, lifting your skirt so that I could get my hand into your knickers. You
  really are much more friendly now, aren't you?"  
"Yes." I murmured.  
"Turn around." I did so at once.  
He began to stroke the inside of my thighs, getting higher and higher.  
"What do you do for a living?"  
"I'm a school teacher."  
"I bet the boys all love your lessons. Do you ever give them a flash of your
  knickers, just to keep their attention?"  
"No!, Never!" I gasped.  
"Pity. I bet they'd love that, or better still let them have a look down
  your top. Boys love to look down a woman's top. I bet if you let them see your
  tits, you'd make their dreams come true. Wouldn't you like to please so many
  young lads then? No? I can't say I'm surprised. You may have become more friendly,
  but you're still a stuck up bitch, aren't you. Do you like me stroking your
  thighs?"  
"It feels nice, yes."  
"I'm really close to your cunt now, aren't I? Are you looking forward to
  me feeling your cunt?"  
"No."  
"I think it's time for you to take that skirt off, don't you."  
Without responding, I opened the fastening of my skirt, let it drop to the
  floor, then picked it up and put it with the rest of my clothes.  
"Not much left now. In a minute I'm going to have those knickers off you.
  Then I'll be able to see your cunt. You want me to see it, don't you?"  
His constant taunting and teasing was beginning to affect me. I found the
  sight and smell of him disgusting, but the fact that I was here with him, as
  his plaything, his to use, abuse and humiliate, was incredibly exciting. The
  way he kept telling me what he was going to do to me, making me answer his
  questions, was building the adrenaline in me.  
"I said 'you want me to see your cunt, don't you?'"  
"Yes, I mean no. I don't know. Just tell me what you want me to do."  
"Is it hairy?"  
"No."  
"No hair at all?"  
"No. I shave it."  
"You shave it! So I'm going to see a bald little cunt in a minute, just like
  those cheap bitches in the magazines. Why do you shave it?"  
"Alan likes it that way."  
"Oh, so Alan likes it that way, so you keep it nice and smooth for Alan,
  is that right?"  
"Yes."  
"What else does Alan like you to do? Does he like to fuck you?"  
"Yes."  
"Does he like you to suck him off?"  
"Yes."  
"Take your knickers off."  
"What?" His sudden change of tack had momentarily thrown me.  
"Take your knickers off. I want to see your bald little cunt."  
I pushed my knickers down over my hips, past my knees and let them drop to
  my ankles. I stepped out of them and went to put them with the rest of my clothes,
  but he stopped me.  
"I'll have those young lady."  
I handed them over, and he looked at them briefly, before stuffing them into
  his pocket.  
"Now then, let's have a good look at you, shall we." He took a step back
  and surveyed me from head to toe. He pulled up a chair and sat down in front
  of me, then started a close inspection of my pussy. I knew I was starting to
  get wet, and hoped he wouldn't notice.  
"Are you wet?"  
"I think so."  
"Shall I find out? Shall I slip my finger inside and feel how hot and wet
  it is in there?"  
He stood up and looked into my eyes. His hands reached out again for my breasts,
  rolling my nipples as he had done before. I had never felt so completely exposed
  as I stood naked in the drab storeroom whilst this old man casually caressed
  my breasts and stared at my pussy.  
"Stay there."  
He moved behind me again. He stroked my bottom cheeks then ran his finger
  tips along the crack of my arse. His hand followed my crack until it made contact
  with the slit of my pussy. I groaned out loud as his fingers made the briefest
  contact with my pussy lips before returning to my bottom cheeks.  
"You are getting randy, aren't you. Would you like me to touch your cunt
  now? Is it wet? Shall I play with your hot little cunt now? Do you want me
  to?"  
My mind was spinning. I felt exposed, humiliated, disgusted by this horrible
  old man, and incredibly aroused.  
"Yes. Yes I want you to touch my pussy, I want you to play with it."  
"Ask me nicely, say 'please Mr. Stuart, please play with my cunt'"  
"Please Mr. Stuart, please play with my pussy."  
"Cunt. Call it a cunt. And beg me some more."  
"Please Mr. Stuart, please play with my cunt. It's ever so wet and I'd love
  it if you would play with it for me. Please Mr. Stuart."  
"I think it should be a man's right to feel any woman's cunt, any time he
  likes. Don't you agree?"  
"Yes."  
"Say it."  
"It should be a man's right to play with any woman's cunt, any time he likes."  
"Is it a man's right to play with your cunt, anytime?"  
"Oh God, yes. Any man can play with my cunt, anytime he wants."  
"Even me?"  
"Yes. Even you. You can play with my cunt anytime you want to. Please play
  with it now Mr. Stuart."  
I was losing the plot. My pussy was on fire, and the more he heckled me and
  abused me, the hotter I became. I was desperate for him to touch me, I wanted
  to feel the mixture of pleasure and revulsion as his ancient fingers played
  with my hot slit.  
"I think you're going to have to suck me first. Then I might have a little
  play with your cunt. Come over here and suck me until I tell you to stop."  
He flopped down into the chair and I immediately sank to my knees between
  his legs. I opened his trousers and found he was wearing a pair of ancient
  Y-fronts, which had once been white, but were now grey. The front of them were
  stained yellow and he smelled of stale urine. God only knew when he had last
  washed them. I began to tug at the waistband of them and he chuckled to himself.  
"Can't wait to get at it, can you? Hot little bitch. Ask me if you can suck
  my dick. Go on, ask for permission."  
"Please Mr. Stuart, can I suck your dick please?"  
"Do you want to lick my balls as well?"  
"Yes please, Mr. Stuart."  
"Very well then."  
I pulled his underwear down to reveal his shrivelled member surrounded by
  a nest of grey pubic hair. I started to lick and suck at his glans, disgusted
  by the smell and taste of him. He smelled as though he hadn't had a wash in
  years. His wiry pubic hair tickled my face as I sucked him. Gradually, his
  cock began to swell in my mouth. After a few minutes of sucking him I started
  to wank him slowly and moved down to lick his balls.  
It was then that I had my surprise. His balls were enormous! They were at
  least twice the size of any I had encountered in my life. His scrotum looked
  like old leather. The smell was almost unbearable, but I persevered, licking
  at the oversize ball bag, whilst wanking his cock.  
"I think I'd like to play with your cunt now. Get up on that table and spread
  your legs. I want to have another hood look at you."  
I was greatly relieved to get away from the smell of his body, and so I quickly
  lay down on the table he had indicated and spread my legs wide for him. He
  shuffled over to me again and I felt my pulse quicken as he peered between
  my legs.  
"No, that's not good enough. Hug your knees up to your tits, then spread
  them as far apart as you can." I did as I was told, spreading myself obscenely.  
"Oh yes, that's better. I can really see everything now. Do you like showing
  off your cunt?"  
"Sometimes."  
"But not to old men, eh? I bet you've never spread it wide for an old bastard
  like me before, have you?"  
"No."  
"How does it feel to be having to spread your cunt for a man who's old enough
  to be your grandfather? Do you have a grandfather?"  
"Yes."  
"Have you ever let him see your cunt?"  
"No! Never."  
"Why don't you just pretend that I'm your granddad then. Ask granddad if
  he'd like to feel your cunt."  
For some reason, I found this to be the most humiliating thing he'd done
  to me so far, and a massive thrill ran through my body.  
"Would you like to feel my cunt granddad?"  
"Do you want me to?"  
"Oh yes please, granddad. Please feel my cunt, granddad."  
"What? Like this?" And with that he ran his finger down the entire length
  of my slit, from clit to hot tunnel. The suddenness of the contact made me
  groan loudly. He slipped a long, bony finger into me then began to slowly finger
  fuck me. I closed my eyes as waves of pleasure and shame washed over me.  
"You dirty little bitch. Imagine asking your granddad to feel your cunt like
  that." He now had two gnarled fingers buried deep in my hot pussy. His thumb
  started to press on my clit. I could feel a climax building. Suddenly he stopped,
  taking his hand away from my aching pussy.  
"Oh no, please granddad, don't stop. Please don't stop feeling my pussy." I
  reached out to grab his hand, pushing it back between my legs, rubbing his
  fingers into my pussy. My orgasm hit me and I held his hand to my pussy until
  the waves subsided.  
As my muscles relaxed he withdrew his hand from between my legs. I opened
  my eyes to see him sniffing at his fingers, which were slick with my juices.  
"You keep your cunt nice and clean, I'll give you that. Did you enjoy that?
  Would you like granddad to finger you off again?"  
I was too embarrassed to reply. I sat on the edge of the table and hung my
  head.  
"I don't remember giving you permission to come. I think you need to be punished
  for being such a dirty little bitch. Stand up and bend over that table."  
I did as I was told, opening my legs and thrusting my bottom into the air.
  He moved into position behind me and then I felt the first blow. I shrieked
  with shock and pain. It stung more than any other spanking I had received.
  I sprang upright, my hands rubbing at my bum cheeks. I turned to face him.
  He was standing with an old slipper in his hands, a delighted smile on his
  face.  
"That made you dance a bit, didn't it? I bet you've never had the slipper
  before, have you? Stings, doesn't it? Now get back over that table, you've
  got a few more to take yet, young lady."  
I reluctantly turned and bent over the table again. Almost before I was in
  position he was raining blows onto my poor bottom. I squealed and yelped in
  genuine pain and alarm, I wriggled my bottom from side to side, trying to avoid
  the blows. At times I couldn't help myself, I put my hands behind me for protection.
  He carried on, hitting my hands until I instinctively moved them away, and
  the blows fell on my naked cheeks again. He carried on for what seemed like
  minutes and minutes. I couldn't count the number of blows I received. My bottom
  stung with a burning pain.  
Finally, he stopped. I could hear him breathing heavily from his exertions
  and smell his stale, sweaty body odour. Then he moved close to me and started
  to stroke my bottom. He cupped each cheek, then ran his hand over each one.
  He put a rough skinned hand on each cheek and pulled them apart, exposing my
  tight little anus. Then he slipped a hand between my legs and began to fondle
  my pussy lips.  
Of course I was wet, both from my earlier climax and the chastisement. He
  chuckled to himself as he discovered this, slipping a finger between my lips
  and into my pussy. I squirmed and writhed around as he continued to explore
  my pussy. He was teasing me maddeningly, rubbing my clit, pushing a finger
  into me, running his fingers along the entire length of my slit. Soon I was
  gasping with pleasure again.  
"Still hot and randy then, even after I've given you a good hiding? I would
  have thought a good slippering would have taken the heat out of your tight
  little cunt. Apparently not. Do you like being slippered then?"  
"No."  
"Liar! Tell me the truth."  
"I'd never been slippered before. It hurts. It's worse than being spanked."  
"You've been spanked before then?"  
"Yes."  
"Call me Granddad. Who has spanked you?"  
"Alan has spanked me on a few occasions."  
"Anyone else?"  
"Yes."  
"'Yes Granddad'"  
"Yes Granddad."  
"Tell me who."  
"Alan's friends Neil and Keith, Granddad."  
"Did they spank your bare arse?"  
"Yes, Granddad."  
"And you liked that?"  
"Yes, Granddad."  
"Anyone else?"  
"The headmaster at the school where I teach Granddad."  
"Really? You were spanked by the head at school. Did he spank your bare arse?"  
"Yes Granddad. He made me strip bare for him in his office, then he spanked
  me."  
"And you liked that too, didn't you?"  
He was still fingering me, teasing me. I was getting more and more aroused,
  both from his attentions, and from remembering and recounting past humiliations.  
"Yes Granddad, I liked undressing in front of him, letting him see my body,
  then lying across his lap while he stroked and smacked my bum."  
"You really are getting very randy again now, aren't you?"  
"Yes Granddad."  
"You're not going to come again without permission are you? Because if you
  do I may have to cane you."  
"No Granddad, I won't come again, I promise." The thought of being caned
  was enough to cool my pussy, and I knew that the old bastard would do it, given
  half a chance.  
"Would you like Granddad to fuck your nice pussy?"  
"Yes Granddad."  
"Say it then. Ask me nicely."  
"Please Granddad, will you fuck me please."  
He made no reply. I wanted it now, wanted it badly enough to put on a convincing
  act for the old bastard.  
"Please Granddad." I whined, "I want to be a good girl and please you. My
  cunt is all hot and wet and I need to be fucked. Please do it to me Granddad."  
"Get on the floor then." He barked in a gruff voice.  
I lay down on the cold, dirty floor of his store room and looked up at him
  as I opened my legs. He stood over me for a few moments, taking in the view,
  then started to unfasten his trousers. I had another look at the repulsive
  grey/yellow Y-fronts before he pushed them down to his knees.  
His cock stood erect, proudly jutting out over his massive ball sack. He
  knelt between my legs and positioned his glans at the top of my slit. Then
  he slowly ran the tip up and down my slit, rubbing it against my clit. He pushed
  in between my lips into the entrance to my tunnel, then withdrew again. I moaned
  and thrust my hips up, trying to 'capture' his cock.  
He lay on top of me and began to stroke my breasts, teasing my nipples. I
  was aware of his strong body odour, the smell of stale tobacco. Then he kissed
  me. His foul, rubbery lips were pressed onto mine and his tongue had forced
  its' way into my mouth. He tasted vile, I almost gagged. I turned my head away,
  trying to evade this ultimate violation but at that moment he pushed into me
  up to the hilt. I gasped as his cock drove deep into me and his tongue entered
  me too.  
He began to fuck me with strong deep strokes, every one felt like it was
  reaching the very top of my pussy and my body shuddered as his hips collided
  with mine. His hands were still tormenting my breasts and his vile tongue was
  exploring my mouth. I lay there fighting a growing nausea.  
After a minute or two he stopped, propped himself up on one elbow and looked
  at me coldly.  
"Are you going to lay there like a fucking corpse, or would you like me to
  use the slipper to liven you up?"  
"I'm sorry."  
He slapped me across the face, making me gasp with shock.  
"You didn't call me Granddad." He laughed.  
"I'm sorry Granddad. I'll try harder." I said in a little-girl voice.  
He started to pump into me again. I began to thrust my hips up to meet his
  strokes; I stroked his back and bottom, tickling his tight hole. He pressed
  his mouth onto mine again, and I responded by opening my mouth and letting
  his tongue roam around my mouth at will. I stroked his tongue with mine and
  gasped and moaned as he enjoyed me. I reached down between us to stroke and
  tickle his outsize ball bag. He grunted appreciatively and increased the speed
  and strength of his strokes. And then he came in me. I felt stream after stream
  of hot semen being fired into me; he went completely rigid on top of me. After
  the first few spurts I expected the jets to diminish but he just kept on emptying
  those huge balls into me. I had never known a man dump such a load into me.
  It felt like he was never going to stop. Finally he shuddered and collapsed
  on top of me.  
After a few moments he raised himself up and put his shrivelling member back
  into his repulsive underwear.  
"Not bad. That wasn't bad at all. You can get your things on now and bugger
  off, I've got things to do. You come back soon though, and we'll do it again,
  right?"  
I didn't reply. Alan couldn't make me do this again, could he?  
"Come on! I haven't got all bloody day you know. Get your dirty little arse
  up off my floor, get dressed and get out."  
I got to my feet and started to gather my clothes. As I moved the semen he
  had deposited into me started to leak out. I could feel it seeping down my
  legs and into my stocking tops. I pulled my skirt on and began fastening my
  bra. I heard a voice calling from the back of the shop.  
"Hey Granddad? Granddad where are you? How come the shop is closed?"  
The voice was strangely familiar, but I couldn't put a name to it. I hurriedly
  pulled my blouse on, fastening the buttons wrongly in my haste, but no matter,
  I was no longer exposed.  
"I'm in here Adam, come on through."  
Alarm bells started to ring in my mind. It couldn't be, it just couldn't
  be&hellip;..  
"What the hell's going on Gramps? Why have you closed up on a Saturday afternoon?"  
"I've been entertaining a visitor. This is Alison. This is my grandson, Adam,
  say hello."  
I turned to face the grandson, but I already knew who it was. Adam Stuart,
  arrogant fifteen year old who always seemed to know how far to go without getting
  into trouble. I had had several incidents with Adam. My mind went back to the
  first day Alan had made me go into class without a bra or knickers. Adam had
  guessed my state of undress at once, and had enjoyed himself at my expense
  by suggesting that we all take off our jackets to keep cool. There was something
  about Adam that disturbed me, it was as though I knew he was beyond my control.
  Now he looked at me with a mixture of contempt and amusement on his face.  
"Hello Miss. Fancy seeing you here!"  
"Hello Adam. I just called in to say hello to your grandfather and buy a
  newspaper." I stammered pathetically.  
"Sure Miss, anything you say." He said, a dirty smirk on his face.  
"You now each other?"  
"This is my English teacher, Gramps. You remember, I told you about her,
  the miserable bitch."  
The old man sniggered.  
It was an outright challenge. Adam looked at me defiantly. Suddenly I needed
  to get out of there, I turned to leave, walking back towards the front of the
  shop.  
"Hey!, wait a minute." The old man called. I stopped and waited for him to
  approach.  
"Aren't you going to kiss Granddad goodbye?" he asked, grinning.  
I looked nervously at him, then Adam, who had clearly guessed what was going
  on and looked thoroughly amused.  
"No. Please." I said quietly. "Not in front of him."  
"Don't worry about him. Now come on."  
I turned to face the old bastard, then leaned in to give him the briefest
  kiss.  
"No. I want a proper one."  
I gave him a deep kiss on the mouth, feeling cheap and dirty as I did so.
  As I broke off he chuckled again and said. "Where are your manners? Say goodbye
  Granddad and thank me properly for a nice afternoon."  
"Goodbye Granddad, thank you for a nice afternoon."  
"I'll see you out."  
He walked along beside me to the door of the shop. Before I was able to get
  out the door he deliberately reached out and stroked my bottom, squeezing one
  cheek with his old, bony hand. Of course Adam saw everything, and my last memory
  as I left the shop was of the smirk across his knowing face.  
I stumbled home feeling sick to my stomach. I could still smell and feel
  the old man on me. The tops of my legs and stocking tops were sticky with his
  jism. I was disgusted with myself for the way I had behaved, but worse, far
  worse, was the discovery that he was related to a pupil at my school. And a
  particularly vile and unpleasant pupil too. I knew it wouldn't be long before
  everyone at the school knew about me and Adam's grandfather.  
By the time I arrived home I was in tears. Alan and Neil were waiting for
  me, keen to hear all about the afternoon. When I told them about Adam they
  found the whole thing highly amusing.  
"How can you laugh at this? That little bastard will tell everyone in the
  school about this. I'll be a laughing stock. Oh God, I feel so ashamed. What
  am I going to do? You've got to help me."  
"Just keep calm." Alan said. "Who cares if the school knows, you're leaving
  in three weeks. What harm can possibly come of it?"  
"Yes, but Adam Stuart, Alan. He's such a horrible little shit! I hate the
  thought of him knowing about this."  
"Maybe you should 'buy his silence', you know, give him an incentive to keep
  his mouth shut" Neil suggested, a sly smile on his face.  
The thought was instantly repellent. Adam Stuart was a fifteen-year-old child.
  A thoroughly obnoxious child, but a child non the less. It was simply out of
  the question.  
Chapter 13.   
   
I walked from the room to the sound of Alan and Neil's laughter. They were
  still enjoying my description of my time with the old man. They particularly
  liked the part where I'd been made to call him 'granddad'. Neil seemed to be
  very interested in the possibilities to humiliate me further by making me 'available'
  to Adam, the old man's fifteen year old grandson, and a student at the school
  where Alan and I taught.  
I went and showered, marvelling at the sheer quantity of semen the old man
  had pumped into me from his giant-sized scrotum. The tops of my stockings were
  soaked and stained, and it was still running from my pussy. As I washed I could
  feel how much he had put into me. I had never known so much from one man.  
I dried myself, put on a T-shirt and clean pair of knickers, poured myself
  a glass of wine and went back into the living room. They were both still there,
  watching T.V., but they switched it off as soon as I entered the room.  
"Feeling better now?" Alan asked.  
I shifted slightly in my seat, my bottom was still tender from the spanking
  I had received the previous night, and from the slippering the old man had
  administered. I said as much and they both giggled.  
"Do you feel randy when you think about that?" Neil asked.  
"A bit." I grinned. They both smiled back.  
"So you'll be up for a bit of fun later then?" Neil asked.  
"Depends what you've got in mind." I said, grinning again.  
"We've been talking things over.", Alan said. "I want to make a few suggestions.
  Don't think about this too much, just go with your instincts, ok?"  
"Ok." I said warily.  
"Right, there's about three weeks left until the end of term, and you leave
  to set up with John right after that, yes?"  
"That's the plan, yes."  
"Right, so we've got just three weeks to have as much fun as we can. Then
  you go off to live happily ever after, and we forget you ever existed, right."  
"Go on."  
"So let's not waste any opportunities!"  
"You still haven't told me what you've got in mind."  
"Anything and everything!" Neil said bluntly. "We do anything we like between
  now and when you leave, anything at all."  
"I don't know about this, you two can get a bit over excited at times, I
  don't want things to get too out of hand. If we are going to do anything new,
  then I want some say before   it's set up. Right?"  
"No deal. The excitement will come from not knowing what we've got in mind.
  You've just got to go with the flow."  
"I don't like the sound of this." I said, warily. "What's to say you won't
  have me doing something totally outrageous?"  
"That's exactly the point. We will make you do stuff that you don't want
  to do. That's the whole point, isn't it? Do you regret any of the stuff you've
  done in the last couple of months?"  
"No."  
"But you had your doubts about some of it, didn't you?"  
"Sure, I had a few doubts, but couldn't you at least tell me what you've
  got in mind?"  
"No. We won't give you any clues at all." Said Alan firmly. "All I want from
  you is your agreement that you will do whatever we tell you to do. Oh, you
  can object if you want, that's part of the fun for all of us, isn't it? But
  if we insist, you have to do as you are told. In return, we'll make sure that
  you'll remember the next three weeks for the rest of your life. You'll be wanking
  about this stuff for years, and so will we probably! What do you say?"  
I hesitated for a moment. I didn't doubt that between them, they would come
  up with some mind-blowing stuff for me to 'suffer'. And I knew that I would
  find the whole thing fantastically enjoyable. I just had one, last, lingering
  doubt. One small part of me was still fighting against being dominated and
  used. One last part of the 'old me'.  
I weighed up the odds. I knew I could trust them both to keep to their part
  of the deal. Once I moved away, they would make no attempt to contact me, do
  nothing that would jeopardise my new life with John. I also knew that their
  fantasies were not that different from my own, and so I was unlikely to find
  anything they wanted to do completely unacceptable. And yet&hellip;.  
There was still a possibility that I had misjudged them. I thought I knew
  Alan pretty well by now. Neil, however, was a different proposition. He enjoyed
  humiliating me in private as much as Alan did, probably more, but he was also
  really into the group and public stuff, and he was much more brutal. His spankings
  really hurt, and he had been the first to torture my nipples. He enjoyed seeing
  me in physical, as well as mental pain. How far would he go if given carte
  blanche?  
A thrill of fear ran through me. In raising the doubts in my own mind, I
  had practically talked myself into agreeing with their proposition! I took
  a deep swallow of wine.  
"OK. I'll go along with whatever you say for the next three weeks, just don't
  go too far ok?" I grinned at them both. They looked like children given free
  reign in a toy shop!  
"So what's been the best thing for you so far then?" Neil asked.  
"I don't know."  
"Come on, I bet you've got a favourite. What's turned you on the most?"  
I thought about this for a moment or two. "I really liked the first time,
  with Alan, when I undressed for him in my living room. I'd never done anything
  like that before. Then the next time, in my kitchen, when I had to strip for
  him again. I really didn't want to, but somehow I couldn't say 'no'. That was
  really sexy."  
"I came in your mouth and on your face that morning didn't I?" Alan remarked. "Did
  you finger yourself afterwards?"  
"Yes. I looked at myself in the mirror, and I was covered in your semen.
  I lay on my bed and stroked my clit until I came."  
"What happened next?" Neil asked.  
"Later that day Alan spanked me for the first time because I hadn't shaved
  my pubes as he had ordered."  
"And you enjoyed that, didn't you?" Alan asked.  
"Yes. I'd never been spanked before, and I felt so ashamed as you put me
  over your knee then lifted my skirt. I remember my face burning as you pulled
  my knickers down and started stroking my bottom. Then you made me count each
  smack out loud, up to ten. It felt really painful and humiliating."  
"I remember." Alan laughed. "I gave her a few light smacks and then slipped
  my hand between her legs. She was absolutely soaking. She'd loved every minute
  of it, do you remember me telling you about it?"  
"I remember it well." Neil laughed. "Alan came into the pub that night and
  told us all how he had you stripping and sucking for him at the drop of a hat.
  Then he told us how Alison, the ultimate stuck up bitch, had a thing for having
  her knickers pulled down and her bare arse smacked. Jesus!, we laughed and
  laughed at that."  
I had begun to blush at the memories of past abuses, but I had also become
  very aroused. Now the picture in my mind of Alan telling them all about how
  easily I had surrendered had me squirming around in my seat. I slipped my hand
  between my legs and started to rub my pussy through my knickers.  
"What about the worst then? What has been the worst thing you've done?"  
I thought for a moment, "I really didn't like it when you both held me down
  and Neil did it to my bottom."  
"But I bet you like the idea of that now, don't you?"  
I thought about it for a moment, then I had to confess, "Yes, I suppose I
  do, really. The idea of being used, and abused, is a real turn on. It's like
  last night, when I had to let all those men grope me in the pub, and then Paul
  and Richard stripping me and playing with me in the back of the car, making
  me come in front of all those other men watching outside. And then being made
  to walk through the streets virtually naked, the old man having a good look
  at me. God!, by the time I got back to the flat I was about ready to explode!
  And then you all made me play with myself and tell all that private stuff.
  A few weeks ago I would never even fantasise about that stuff."  
"Did you used to fantasise about being shamed?" Neil asked.  
"Some times. I used to fantasise that I was being watched all the time. When
  I was dressing or undressing. When I was in the bath or the shower. When I
  was on the toilet. I would imagine that someone, a man, was watching me when
  I was making love to John, or playing with myself."  
"You liked that?"  
"Yes. Once I imagined that I was taking part in a medical research programme.
  I had to lie on a bed and bring myself off while a whole class of medical students
  watched. That was a good one! I brought myself off quite a few times with that
  one!"  
"What started you thinking about that sort of stuff? When was your first
  fantasy?"  
"When I was about fifteen. I told you how I used to rub a candle into my
  pussy? Well one night, I was in bed, my nightie pulled up and my knickers off.
  I was playing with my clit and pushing the candle into my pussy when my brother
  came into my room. He didn't knock, just opened the door and came in. Said
  he was looking for one of his books. I yelled at him to get out, and he did,
  but I never knew if he'd guessed what I was doing under the covers. I'd been
  pretty close, so I guess I'd been panting and gasping a bit, and my face would
  probably have been red, so he could have guessed what I had been doing. He
  never said anything though."  
"So?"  
"So after that, I got excited at the thought of being caught playing with
  myself! I imagined doing it to myself and my mum or dad coming in and catching
  me. I used to imagine being told off for being so dirty and rude. Then I imagined
  my brother catching me at it and teasing me about it, threatening to tell mum
  and dad. I fantasised that he made me do it while he watched."  
"So you really like it then when we make you do that for real?"  
"It's really exciting, yes!"  
"So how would you feel if I told you to wank yourself off while a bunch of
  total strangers watched?" Neil asked.  
I shuddered at the thought, "That would be something else! Part of me is
  appalled by the idea, and another part wants to do it. Are you going to make
  me do that?"  
"Might do, might not. You won't know until I tell you!"  
"Bastard!"  
"Are you getting turned on?"  
"Yes." I breathed.  
"Would you like me to fuck you?"  
"Mmm, yes please!"  
"Tell me."  
"I want you to fuck me. I want both of you to fuck me."  
"Shall I fuck you up the arse, like last night?"  
"If you want to. You can do anything to me Neil, you know you can. I'll do
  anything you say, anything you want."  
I could feel my pussy getting wet.  
"Why don't you put on a show for us first? Dance around a bit, get your kit
  off, entertain me." He laughed.  
I finished my wine then went over to the stereo. I turned on the radio and
  a slow, bluesy ballad filled the room. I began to dance and sway in front of
  them both. After a moment or two I slowly lifted my T-shirt until my breasts
  were exposed. I left the T-shirt bunched above my breasts, then began to stroke
  and caress my breasts whilst gyrating my hips. I was about three feet in front
  of them, and I could clearly see the swelling bulges in their trousers. I cupped
  my breasts, pinched my nipples, then peeled off the T-shirt and dropped it
  to the floor.  
I continued to gyrate my hips, which caused my breasts to sway in rhythm.
  I grabbed the waistband of my knickers and pulled them up tight into my crotch.
  I felt them slip up into the crack of my bottom as my hips moved. I turned
  my back to them, wiggling my bum at them as I did so. I pulled my knickers
  up as high as I could, then bent over, giving them a perfect view of the mound
  of my pussy, tightly covered by the white cotton of my knickers.  
I turned to face them again. I slipped my hand between my thighs and began
  to stroke my pussy through my knickers. I could feel the wetness there. I pushed
  the thin cotton into my slit and groaned with pleasure as my finger slipped
  over my hard little clit. I began to finger fuck myself in time to the music,
  caressing my breasts with my other hand. They were clearly enjoying the show
  as much as I was!  
I turned my back to them again and started to ease my knickers down over
  my hips. I bent forward slightly and wriggled my bottom as I slipped my knickers
  down. I bent over completely as I pushed them down to my ankles, then spread
  my legs wide, exposing my hot, wet pussy to them. I slipped my hand between
  my legs and spread my pussy lips apart. I could feel how wet I had become and
  knew they would see this too.  
I stood and faced them again. I brought my knickers up to my face and began
  to smell them. At the same time I slipped my hand between my thighs and began
  to rub my pussy. I thrust my hips forward onto my fingers to the rhythm of
  the music. I was soaking wet, my clit was swollen and super sensitive. As I
  ran a fingertip over it jolts of pleasure tore through me. I was whimpering
  with pleasure.  
I looked down to see that they had both opened their trousers and were slowly
  wanking their cocks as they watched my show. I dropped to my knees between
  them and reached out for their throbbing organs.  
I draped my knickers over Neil's cock and began to wank his over-size organ
  with long, slow, deliberate strokes. He sighed contentedly. I ran the tips
  of my fingers along the entire length of Alan's cock, watching it twitch as
  I stroked the head. Then I began to wank it, using the same rhythm for both
  cocks.  
After a minute or two I noticed pre-cum on Alan's cock, and lifted my knickers
  off Neil's to see that he had deposited some on them. Looking into Neil's eyes
  I slowly brought them up to my face and smelled them. I could smell my own
  sex juices but also his aroma. As he watched, fascinated, I licked at the stain
  his pre-cum had left on the cotton. Alan groaned, and I felt his cock stiffen
  still further.  
I dropped my knickers, took hold of Neil's cock and lowered my head towards
  it. I planted small, delicate kisses onto its' head, then ran the tip of my
  tongue along the hole, licking up more pre-cum as I did so. Neil grunted with
  pleasure. I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck, running my tongue
  around his circumcised glans. I let go of Alan's cock and began to stroke Neil's
  balls. I could feel the skin of his scrotum tighten as I did so.  
I was incredibly aroused. I could feel the heat in my pussy, and I was giving
  Neil my all, sucking, licking and stroking his cock for all I was worth. I
  took his cock out of my mouth then moved closer to him. I put his cock between
  my breasts then pressed them together over his hot shaft. I began to move up
  and down, feeling his cock stroking the skin of my breasts. I began to kiss
  and lick at his belly, I heard him groan with pleasure.  
"You're really enjoying yourself, aren't you?" He said.  
"Oh God, yes!" I moaned.  
"Did you enjoy putting on a show for us?"  
"Oh yes! That got me really hot. I love showing off to you like that, I love
  it when you can see all of me, when you order me to show myself to you." I
  shuddered with pleasure.  
"Maybe we should sell tickets!" Alan said. Neil laughed. "We could sell tickets
  to watch you strip and finger yourself 'till you came. Would you like that?
  A whole room full of complete strangers and you would have to strip off and
  then finger yourself. Maybe you'd use a dildo, or a vibrator? You'd have to
  keep going, with them all watching you, until you came. Would you like that?"  
My heart was racing. The idea was both appalling and hugely exciting at the
  same time. "Yes, oh God yes." I whimpered. "Would I have to ask permission
  before I could come?"  
"Definitely. You would have to beg the audience to allow you to come. And
  if you came without permission you would have to be spanked by every man there,
  before showing them how hot and wet your cunt was. How would you like that?"  
I groaned and panted, whimpered and moaned. They knew exactly which buttons
  to press now. I writhed around on Neil, my breasts still wrapped around his
  rock-hard cock. I was desperate for some release.  
"Please can I put your cock into my pussy?" I whined to Neil, "Please Neil.
  I'm desperate."  
"Help yourself. But you can't come until I say so."  
I got quickly to my feet and straddled myself over him, then I lowered myself
  down onto his waiting cock. I almost came as I steered the head between my
  pussy lips, then I groaned as I felt his massive girth start to slide into
  me. I sank down onto him, relishing the feelings of ecstasy which coursed though
  my body. Finally, I had all of him inside me. I stopped for a moment to savour
  being so full, and then began to rock my hips back and forth. The sensations
  were fantastic! I cupped my breasts and began to stroke them, paying particular
  attention to my erect nipples. I could feel his pre-cum smeared between them.
  I rubbed this into my skin, then brought my fingers up to my lips and began
  to lick them. I dropped my hand down between my legs, slipped a finger between
  my pussy lips and began to stroke my clit.  
I began to increase the pace, rocking my hips faster and faster. My fingers
  were busy on my nipples and my clit, I closed my eyes, threw back my head and
  ground my pelvis down onto Neil's massive shaft. I could feel my orgasm start
  to build.  
"Neil can I come? Please let me come, please Neil. Can I? Oh God, please
  let me come Neil."  
They both laughed. "No." He said flatly. I almost screamed.  
"I want you to tell me what a good little girl you are going to be."  
"Oh God! I'll be good Neil. I promise. I'll do anything you want, anything
  at all, I promise."  
I took my hand away from my clit; the sensations were too much. Now I was
  pinching my nipples, trying desperately to avoid climaxing without permission.  
"So if I told you to go to work as a stripper in a night club, you'd do it?"  
A thrill of fear ran through me. Would he do that?  
"I'll do whatever you say, Neil. I promise."  
"You'd do that, if I told you to? Stand up in front of a club full of strangers,
  then dance around stark naked?"  
I was already desperate to climax, and the thought of having to strip for
  the enjoyment of a club full of dirty, disgusting, drunken men was adding fuel
  to an already over heated fire.  
"Please Neil. I need to come. Please Neil, please let me."  
"Would you do it?"  
"Yes! Oh my God, yes. I'd do it if you told me to, I promise."  
"You'd have to go into the audience as well. Be nice to the punters. Let
  them have a bit of a feel. Imagine all those strangers feeling your tits, pinching
  your arse, maybe even slipping a finger or two up your hot little cunt. You'd
  love it, wouldn't you?"  
"Yes!" I almost yelled. "Yes, I'd love it. I'd love being made to strip for
  all those men, dancing naked for them. I'd dance around for them, they could
  touch me, feel me, do anything they liked to me. I'll do it Neil, I promise
  I will, please let me come, Neil, please."  
He groaned and I felt him twitch inside of me, then he was shooting his load
  into me. I ground my pelvis down on him as hard as I could, and pinched my
  nipples still trying to hold off my own climax. Despite my best efforts I felt
  my orgasm start to hit. My entire body shook as wave after wave of pure pleasure
  crashed onto me. I wailed and cried, gasped for breath and twisted my nipples
  painfully, imagining all those anonymous hands running across my naked body.
  I was lost to everything but the powerful feelings I was experiencing. My climax
  seemed to go on and on. I heard myself sobbing. And then it subsided and fell
  forward onto Neil's chest.  
For a few moments all I could hear was my own ragged breathing and my heartbeat
  thundering in my ears. Then I was aware of Neil's breathing and the warmth
  of his body, his smell. Then suddenly Alan grabbed hold of my hair, pulling
  me off Neil, making me stand up. I cried out in shock and pain.  
"You weren't given permission to come, were you? You were told that you were
  not to come without permission."  
I was still gasping for breath. "I'm really sorry Alan. I couldn't help it,
  it was just too much. The thought of stripping off in front of a load of men,
  letting them use me, it just sent me over the edge. I'm sorry."  
"You still came without permission. Now you're going to have to be punished."  
I hung my head in mock shame. "Yes Alan. Whatever you say."  
"Right, for a start you can suck me off while I think of a suitable punishment
  for you. Get started then."  
He fell into a nearby chair and I dutifully knelt between his legs and reached
  for his cock. I gave him the most enthusiastic blow-job I'd ever given. I sucked
  and licked like my life depended on it! I rubbed the head of his stiff cock
  over my face, I took his pre-cum onto my finger and smeared it on my nipples.
  I licked his scrotum, kissing each of his balls in turn and taking them gently
  into my mouth.  
"You've become a total slut, haven't you? You just love cock, don't you?
  Look at you, dancing and stripping for us, sucking and fucking. Imagining yourself
  stripping in a club, letting all those men use and abuse you, then getting
  off on that. All that feminist stuff was just crap wasn't it? Once you were
  getting enough cock you soon forgot about all that, didn't you?"  
I nodded. As I massaged his cock between my breasts I surrendered the last
  of my dignity and self respect to him.  
"I used to really believe all that stuff. I thought if I was a strong woman,
  men would respect me. I can see now that I was just pissing them off. What
  I needed was someone like you to show me the truth. I know now that I need
  to be dominated, I need to be put in my place." I rubbed the head of his cock
  in circles around my nipples. "Alan, I'm so sorry I disobeyed you. I'll try
  my very best not to disappoint you again, I promise. It's hard for me because
  you turn me on so much, and I'm such a hot little bitch. I only want to please
  you Alan. I know you'll find the right way to punish me. Are you going to spank
  my bare arse again? Do you want to come in my mouth and watch me swallow all
  your jism, or are you going to spray it all over my face and tits like you
  did in my kitchen. You could watch while I rubbed it in. You can do anything
  to me Alan. I'm totally yours, I promise."  
I closed my lips over his cock just in time to feel him spurting into my
  mouth. I sucked greedily as the hot jism hit the back of my throat, then he
  grabbed my hair and pulled my face away from him. He shot several streams of
  semen across my face. I looked up at him, adoringly, my mouth wide open as
  he ejaculated over me.  
As his spurts subsided he let go of my hair and I took him into my mouth
  again. I knew by now that he enjoyed it when I took the last of his jism into
  my mouth and swallowed it. I knew he liked the feeling of his cock going soft
  in my mouth, and I gently sucked him as it went down.  
Then I looked him in the eyes as I began to massage his semen into my face.
  I knew he liked this, and he murmured approvingly as I began to lick my fingers. "Oh
  God, I love the taste of your sperm!" I made a show of smearing the semen over
  my face and then licking the residue from my fingers. Finally, I sat back on
  my haunches and looked at them both.  
"Was that ok? Did I please you?"  
They both grinned back. "You are getting the hang of this, aren't you?" Alan
  laughed. "That was very good. But you still came without permission, so you
  need to be punished."  
"What are you going to do to me?"  
"I think it's time for you to have a bit of exercise." He grinned.  
"Haven't I just had plenty of exercise?"  
"Never mind that. Get your T-shirt and knickers on, then find some trainers.
  You're going for a run."  
I pulled my knickers and T-shirt on, then found my trainers and put them
  on also. Then I looked at Alan enquiringly.  
"Come with me."  
I followed dutifully. We went to the front door of the flat. He opened the
  door and went outside. Feeling very self-conscious in just a T-shirt and knickers,
  I followed. It was a mild early summer evening. There were a few people on
  the street; most of them dressed for a Saturday night out. A couple of them
  looked at me quizzically as I stood and received my instructions from Alan.  
"Right then. You need something to cool your blood. You're too hot, and that's
  why you can't control yourself. So, you're going to burn off some of that excess
  energy. You're going to run from here to the park, then do two circuits of
  the park and come back here. I'll be waiting. When you get you're going to
  have your arse smacked, is that clear?"  
"Alan, the park has got to be a mile away. It will take me ages to do what
  you say, and I can't go jogging dressed like this. Can't I at least put a bra
  and a pair of shorts on?"  
"No chance. You go as you are. And if you see anyone, make sure they get
  a good look at your tits swinging about. No covering them up with your arms,
  got that?"  
"Yes Alan."  
"Get on with it then. Just one last thing before you start." He reached behind
  me and grabbed hold of my knickers, yanking them up between my bum cheeks.
  I yelped in shock and alarm, and instinctively went up on to tip-toe, trying
  to relieve the pressure.  
"Shut up." He ordered. "Keep them like that, understand?"  
I could feel the cool evening air on my bum cheeks, and looked down to see
  that the fabric had also ridden up between my pussy lips. Anyone paying close
  enough attention would be able to see the clear outline of my pussy.  
"Right then, off you go." And he gave me a smart smack on my bare bottom
  as my cue to start jogging.  
I started to jog, hearing Alan and Neil chuckling to themselves behind me.
  As I made my way to the park I looked around me nervously. I felt terribly
  exposed dressed as I was, and I hoped that no one would see me, or if they
  did, they wouldn't pay any attention to me.  
The first part went well. I reached the park gates without attracting much
  attention. Just a couple of men stopped and looked at me as I jogged past them.
  So far, so good. I entered the park and started my first circuit. There was
  no way I was going to cheat. I didn't trust Alan not to be watching me somehow,
  so I carried on jogging.  
I was about half way round the park when I saw the group of youths ahead
  of me. There was about ten of them, mostly boys, with a few girls. They looked
  to be in their early teens.  
I put my head down and tried to ignore them. As I drew closer I heard their
  conversation stop, and then there were a few giggles. Then a girl's voice said, "Hey,
  look, it's Miss Richards!"  
My heart raced. I looked up sharply to see a crowd of familiar faces. They
  were all students at my school. Most of them were in one or other of my English
  groups. I was now acutely aware of my lack of proper dress, I felt my face
  colour.  
"Didn't know you went jogging Miss." More giggles. I smiled back at them,
  but didn't speak.  
As I passed them a one of the girls said, loud enough for me to hear, "Why
  is she out running in her knickers? And   she's not wearing
  a bra!"  
They all laughed out loud, and then started to follow me. They began to jog
  along behind me, giggling and laughing. One of the more adventurous boys, Darren
  Walker, drew alongside me and said, "Is that right, Miss? Are you really out
  running in your knickers?"  
"No Darren, they're proper running briefs." I lied.  
"No they're not." The female voice insisted, "They're plain white knickers.
  Aren't you ashamed Miss, being seen out in just your knickers? I'd hate it
  if this lot were to see me in just my knickers and a T-shirt. And why are you
  running without a bra? Miss Kelly told us that it was important that we wear
  proper sports bras, didn't she girls?"  
There was a general murmuring of agreement from the girls in the group. I
  felt my face colour with embarrassment. I wanted to raise my arm to protect
  my breasts from their gaze, but I remembered Alan's instructions. I had become
  incredibly obedient. Instead, I tried to regain some sort of control of the
  situation.  
"Yes, well you've all had your fun. Now leave me to get on with my run please."  
"Nothing you can do about it. This isn't school, it's a public park. We've
  got every right to be here." A boy's voice this time. "You can't order us around
  here. We're not doing anything wrong. I think we'll just carry on running with
  you." The others laughed. I put my head down and tried to pretend they weren't
  there.  
The boys soon began to get bolder. They ran along beside me, looking at my
  breasts as they bobbed up and down as I ran, or they jogged close behind me.
  I could imagine what kind of view they were getting, and then one boy said
  to another "Look at that, her knickers have gone up her crack. You can see
  her arse." There was more laughter. I wanted so much to reach behind me and
  restore some modesty. Instead I carried on jogging.  
I felt like I was in a nightmare as I trudged around the park, pursued by
  this group from school, who were clearly enjoying themselves enormously, particularly
  the boys. I kept my head down, unwilling to make eye contact, but that didn't
  stop me from hearing their comments. Comments about my bottom and my breasts.
  They were growing in bravado, their remarks becoming louder and more explicit
  as we went along. On several occasions boys would run in front of me, then
  turn so that they were jogging backwards. Their eyes raked over my breasts
  and my crotch. I knew that they were enjoying seeing their teacher in her state
  of undress, and I couldn't help but notice the bulges in their trousers. I
  was desperate to finish this ordeal. I wanted nothing more than to get back
  to my flat, even though Alan was waiting there to punish my poor bottom once
  again. Anything was better than being on display to a bunch of teenage boys
  I would have to face on Monday.  
I finally finished my second circuit of the park and started on my way back
  to my flat. To my dismay, they kept up with me. Now I started to attract attention.
  A young woman, dressed only in a T-shirt and Knickers, jogging along the streets
  on a Saturday evening, followed by a group of adolescents making remarks about
  her body, I was bound to draw stares.  
I passed a group of four men as they walked along the road. They started
  to cheer and whistle as I passed them. One of them called out to the group
  following me, "Hey kid, what's going on?"  
"She's one of our teachers at school, but tonight she's out jogging, so we
  thought we'd follow her for a laugh."  
" And   she's only wearing ordinary knickers, and no
  bra." The same girl's voice as before.  
"Nice tits." One of the men called.  
"Nice arse." Another shouted.  
I finally made it back to my front door, only to find it locked. I rang the
  door bell. The group stood a short way off, giggling amongst themselves. I
  was exhausted and breathing heavily. Several of the boys in the group stood
  watching my breasts as they rose and fell rapidly. I looked down at them. The
  chill of the evening air had caused my nipples to harden. Their outline was
  clearly visible beneath the thin fabric of my top. "Oh, what the hell" I thought.  
After what seemed an eternity, the front door opened. Alan stood surveying
  the scene. I tried to push past him into the flat, but he barred my way. "Aren't
  you forgetting something?" He asked, a smirk on his face.  
"No, what?" I asked, confused.  
"You need to 'warm down', you know that. You can't just stop exercising,
  you'll injure yourself. Do your warm down exercises, then you can come in."  
"I have no idea what you are talking about. What kind of 'warm down' exercises
  am I supposed to be doing?"  
"Oh, just do some stretches." He said, casually. "Bend over and touch your
  toes, then reach up high. Do about ten of those, then you're done."  
I knew at once what he wanted me to do. I was to provide a show to the waiting
  schoolboy audience. With my back to them, I stood with my feet shoulder width
  apart, then slowly bent over. I kept my legs straight and thrust my bottom
  up, giving them a perfect view of my bottom and the soft swell of my pussy
  mound. I held the position for a count of ten, then slowly raised up. I raised
  my arms over my head and stretched out. After I had done five of these I turned
  to face them.  
Several of the boys were rubbing their crotches, transfixed by my display.
  I bent over again, then stretched up, pushing my breasts out towards them.
  My nipples stood out proudly against my T-shirt and the fabric clung to my
  skin, showing them a perfect outline of my breasts. My knickers were still
  pulled up into my bottom, and the fabric was also pulled tight into my pussy.
  I pushed my hips forward and their eyes fell to my crotch, where they could
  clearly see the outline of my pussy lips. One of the boys groaned and turned
  away, holding his groin. Others rubbed their crotches frantically. By the time
  I had completed five more exercises there had been several more gasps and groans.
  The girls in the group giggled, nervously.  
Finally Alan said, "Right, get yourself in here and stop showing off." I
  quickly went inside and Alan closed the door behind us.  
"Did you know they would be in the park?" I demanded.  
"I didn't know for sure, but I thought there'd be a group or two of kids
  around, yes. I thought it would be interesting for you to put on a show. Did
  you enjoy yourself?" He asked with a laugh.  
"Oh Jesus, it was awful. You should have heard some of the things they said
  about me. You should have heard some of the things they said to   me.
  I've got to face that lot on Monday morning. How am I going to do that?"  
"You'll just have to cope." He said with a laugh. "Now get upstairs, your
  punishment isn't finished yet."  
I made my way wearily up stairs. Alan followed close behind me. I knew he
  was enjoying the view of my bum cheeks as they hung out of my knickers. When
  I reached the living room of my flat and stood in front of Alan and Neil my
  breathing had just about returned to normal.  
"Tell us about the group in the park, then."  
"There were about ten of them.", I explained. "Mostly boys, but two or three
  girls as well. They're all students at our school. They recognised me immediately.
  They were all laughing at me at first, one of the girls pointed out that I
  was out in just my knickers, and I wasn't wearing a bra. I tried to tell them
  that they were proper running briefs, but they didn't believe me. The boys
  kept on looking at my bum, my breasts and my pussy. I could hear what they
  were saying, it was so embarrassing."  
"What were they saying?"  
"One of them pointed out to the others how my knickers had ridden up my bottom,
  and how they could see my bum cheeks. They all had a good look. Others said
  things like 'did you see how her tits bounce as she runs' or 'she's got a nice
  pair, hasn't she?' Then one of them said 'You can see her twat, look. If you
  look close you can see the outline of her twat'. Then they all took it in turns
  to run in front of me and look at my pussy. I kept my head down, not wanting
  to look at them, but I knew they could see. The girls were the worst though.
  They kept asking me questions, 'why are you running in your knickers, Miss?',
  'why aren't you wearing a proper bra, Miss?', 'aren't you ashamed to be seen
  in just your knickers by this lot, Miss?' They were right bitches. Oh God!,
  how am I going to face them at school on Monday? They'll all be laughing at
  me again."  
Alan and Neil were delighted at my shame. Alan in particular seemed to be
  enjoying himself hugely.  
"That's your punishment for disobeying me. You can expect the same sort of
  thing every time. You love it, don't you?"  
"Not that, no. I just felt ashamed."  
"Well let's see shall we? Come here."  
I walked over to him and stood in front of him. He grabbed hold of my knickers
  and pulled them down roughly. Then he thrust his hand between my legs. Without
  being told I opened my legs to give him better access. His finger slipped easily
  between my pussy lips. He had guessed correctly, I was soaking wet and highly
  aroused. Stupidly, I tried to deny it.  
"That's not me, that's Neil's cum." I protested. Alan responded by running
  his finger over my clit. It was massively sensitive and I gasped involuntarily.
  My knees almost gave way.  
"So how do you explain this then?" He chuckled. He carried on stroking my
  clit. I started to sway my hips in time to his strokes. I was in heaven!  
"I, I can't." I stammered.  
"Say it." He demanded.  
"I did love it." I confessed. "Right from the moment when I left the flat
  I was loving it. Just the thought that anyone might see me, how exposed I was.
  I could feel myself getting randier as I jogged along. Then when I saw the
  group of them in the park, I felt such a thrill. When they recognised me, when
  I could see that I knew all of them, I nearly came, right there and then."  
"You love being humiliated, don't you? Anything involving a bit of shame,
  and you're gagging for it, aren't you?"  
I nodded, I could feel my face flush red.  
"Imagine how it will feel on Monday. Every one of those boys is going to
  tell all his mates how he saw you jogging along in just a pair of knickers
  and a T-shirt. He'll tell them how he had a good look at your arse as it hung
  out of your knickers, how he could see the shape of your tits through your
  T-shirt, and how they bobbed as you ran along. He'll tell how they followed
  you all round the park, how you made no attempt to cover up, as if you wanted
  them to see you. Then he'll tell about watching you do your 'exercises' right
  there in the street. How he could see the shape of your tits, including your
  hard little nipples, and how, when you bent right over, he could see the outline
  of your pussy lips."  
I groaned out loud as I imagined all those huddled groups of boys, all listening
  avidly to descriptions of me running. I imagined how they would hear graphic
  descriptions of my body; I imagined the language they would use.  
"By lunch time every boy in the school will have heard about it. They'll
  all be imagining how you looked, your tits, your arse, your cunt. Every time
  they see you, they'll be imagining you stripping down to your knickers just
  for them. Lots of them will be imagining you naked. Imagine that, seven hundred
  horny schoolboys, all with a mental picture of you stark bollock naked! They
  won't take you seriously after this, you'll just be a sex object for them."  
"Maybe we should make their dreams come true?" This was Neil's first contribution.  
"How do you mean?" Alan asked.  
"Make her strip off for them. She'd love it, stark naked for all those cute
  little boys!"  
Alan was still stroking my clit. The thought of being seen as nothing more
  than a sex object by all the boys in the school was humiliating enough, but
  Neil's suggestion that I strip for them was too much. I started to climax.
  My legs gave way and I fell to my knees. Alan's hand slipped from my pussy.
  I immediately began rubbing my clit furiously, hunched over and moaning loudly
  as I lost myself in yet another powerful orgasm.  
I started to recover from my orgasm, and Alan told me to stand up. My legs
  were incredibly shaky after my run and the power of my climax and I stood in
  front of him feeling very unsteady.  
"I think it's time to finish your punishment, don't you?"  
I nodded, then lowered my head in mock shame.  
"I've got a better idea." Neil announced. Alan looked at him quizzically,
  I waited nervously to hear what this idea was.  
"Make her smack her own arse!" Neil laughed.  
Alan laughed too, "How do you mean?"  
"Like this." Neil said. "Right, tight arse, here's what you're going to do.
  You're going to march on the spot and smack your arse at the same time. I want
  to see your arse going nice and red real quick, so you'd better not go too
  soft on yourself, or I'll take over. Got that?"  
I nodded.  
"Right, get your kit off first, then get started."  
My knickers had already slipped down to my ankles. I kicked them off then
  pulled my T-shirt over my head and let it fall to the floor. Then I stood there,
  nervously.  
"Come on then. Left, right, left, right." Neil shouted. I began to march
  in time. Then I started to slap my own bottom. I felt ridiculous smacking my
  own bum, but it was preferable to Neil doing it for me.  
"Harder. Hit it harder. I want to see it go red."  
I slapped myself harder.  
"More. Harder."  
I slapped myself as hard as I could. I gasped as the stinging in my bum cheeks
  increased. I glanced down to see that my breasts were swinging about wildly
  as I marched and punished myself. Neil had noticed this too. He stood in front
  of me and began to slap each breast in turn, giggling to himself as he did
  so. I gasped with shock but carried on marching and slapping. My breathing
  had become ragged as the exercise continued my bum was stinging from the self-inflicted
  blows and my breasts were still being slapped by Neil.  
After a couple of minutes he said, "Stop." I did so at once of course, gasping
  for breath and rubbing my now blazing bottom cheeks. Tears were rolling down
  my face.  
"That's the way to do it in future, Al. Make her smack her own fat arse!
  Did you enjoy that?"  
"No, I didn't."  
"I'll bet your pussy's wet though, isn't it? Bend over and spread your lips
  I want to have a look."  
I bent over, reached between my legs and spread my pussy lips apart. Of course,
  I knew what he would find. He ran the tip of one finger right along the length
  of my pussy. I shuddered as the finger neared the entrance to my hot tunnel.
  He slipped his finger in easily and chuckled to himself as he did so.  
"Soaking." He announced. "Absolutely fucking soaking. You going to finger
  yourself off again?"  
I didn't answer. He smacked my hot bottom hard. I squealed in pain and stood
  up, rubbing at my bum cheeks again.  
"I said 'are you going to finger yourself off again'?"  
"Yes, probably."  
"Get on with it then, or shall I see if any of your students are still around
  first? I'll bet they'd love to watch."  
"No!" I gasped. "I'll do it now." I practically threw myself into a chair,
  spread my legs as wide as I could, then started to stroke my hot, wet pussy.
  Every time I made the slightest move my bottom cheeks complained in a delicious
  reminder of my punishment and humiliation. The same was true of my breasts.
  Whenever I stroked or caressed them I was reminded of the slaps Neil had rained
  on them.  
"So, you used to fantasise that your brother would make you do this while
  he watched?"  
"Mmm."  
"Did you want him to see you?"  
"I don't know."  
"Did you ever do anything with him, touch him, fuck him?"  
"God no! I never wanted to do anything like that. I just wanted someone to
  dominate me I suppose."  
"Before the end of term, you're going to have to do this for some of your
  students, you know. I'll make sure you do. Imagine that, the prim and proper
  young teacher sitting on a desk in her class room, knickers off, skirt up round
  her waist and fingers buried deep in her hot little cunt while your teenage
  students sit and watch. I will make you do it. That's my promise to you."  
A thrill of fear ran through me. I didn't doubt Neil on this. It was only
  a matter of time before I was made to masturbate in front of my students. I
  wanted to do it at the same time as dreading it more than anything I could
  imagine. I felt anxiety and excitement at the same time. Both feelings increasing
  rapidly. I felt my heart beating wildly, my fingers increased the speed of
  their movements on my pussy, I felt panic start to rise in me, and then my
  climax hit me and I clamped my legs together on my hand, gasping and sobbing.  
"OK. You can go to bed now. I might want you in the morning."  
Having been dismissed like a naughty little girl I staggered to my bedroom
  and fell into bed exhausted.  







Chapter 14.

I woke momentarily next morning to the sound of the phone ringing.&nbsp; Before I could respond, I heard Alan answer it.&nbsp; After a moment or two it became clear that it wasn&#8217;t for me, so I drifted back to sleep.&nbsp; I was woken more forcefully some time later by Neil, who was shaking me vigorously and barking Come on, get up, you&#8217;ve got a visitor.

I fell out of bed, wearing only the knickers I&#8217;d worn the previous night.&nbsp; Still bleary eyed, I pulled on a T-shirt and some jeans and stumbled after Neil.&nbsp; I followed him upstairs to Alan&#8217;s flat, my mind still foggy, trying to wake up.&nbsp; I had just about got my wits together to ask who the visitor was when we reached the door to Alan&#8217;s living room.&nbsp; Neil stood back to let me enter first, a sly grin on his face as he said After you. With mock courtesy.

I entered the room eyeing Neil suspiciously.&nbsp; I looked around and saw Alan, lounging in a nearby armchair, looking very relaxed as he sipped a mug of coffee.&nbsp; He was talking to a man who had his back to me.&nbsp; He looked immediately familiar, but I couldn&#8217;t place him at once.&nbsp; And then he turned to greet me and I saw the old man from the newspaper shop.&nbsp; He grinned at me as we made eye contact, then winked.&nbsp; Ridiculously, I found myself blushing.

Mr. Stuart has just come up with a brilliant idea, Alison. Alan announced calmly.

Oh yes?

Yes.&nbsp; He was just saying to me what a hot little bitch you are, and how we could all have some fun with you.&nbsp; He has suggested that we share you between us.

Share me?

Yes.&nbsp; He suggests that most of the time you should stay here and serve me and Neil, together with whoever else happens to turn up, but the rest of the time you would stay with him.&nbsp; I thought it would be interesting for you.&nbsp; What do you think?

My mind was spinning.&nbsp; It was one thing to have to spend a few hours with the dirty, smelly old bastard, but this was something else.&nbsp; How long would I have to spend with the old bastard?

Alan, could we talk about this in private for a moment?&nbsp; I smiled nervously at the old man, as if trying not to cause offence.&nbsp; Alan looked at me thoughtfully at me for a moment, then smiled and said Sure, why not?&nbsp; As if he were doing me a favour.

I followed him out of the room, and we went to his bedroom.

What the hell are you playing at? I hissed.&nbsp; Are you really proposing to hand me over to that old bastard?&nbsp; Jesus, I thought it was going to be a one-off.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t think I was going to be his play-thing.&nbsp; I won&#8217;t do it, Alan.&nbsp; He&#8217;s disgusting.&nbsp; Christ, you should smell him close up.&nbsp; It&#8217;s enough to turn your stomach.

You will do it, because it&#8217;s exactly the sort of thing you want to do.&nbsp; You like to be humiliated, remember?&nbsp; That&#8217;s why you were running &#8216;round the park with your arse hanging out last night!&nbsp; The more shameful, the better, that&#8217;s what you like.&nbsp; So you will go round to his flat later today, and take what&#8217;s coming to you.&nbsp; Right?

I hesitated.&nbsp; I really didn&#8217;t want to do it this time.&nbsp; He was disgusting.&nbsp; He smelt, he looked awful and the way he looked at me gave me the creeps.&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t like going with the head master, who was older but still vaguely human.&nbsp; This old man was genuinely foul.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t want him anywhere near me.&nbsp; I remembered what I had said to Alan and Neil yesterday.&nbsp; I would do what they wanted for the next three weeks or so, and they wanted me to do this.&nbsp; A deal was a deal.&nbsp; After a few moments, I nodded my agreement.

Excellent!&nbsp; I&#8217;ll go and let Mr. Stuart know.&nbsp; Now you go and get ready, and I&#8217;ll let him know you&#8217;ll be there in about half an hour.&nbsp; Oh, and you&#8217;ll be stopping there overnight, just so you know.

I stood in stunned silence as he left the room.&nbsp; I was going to have to stay with him all night?&nbsp; I shuddered at what he might have in store for me.

I went downstairs to my own flat.&nbsp; I made my way to the bathroom and set the shower running.&nbsp; While I was waiting for the water to heat up I stripped off my jeans, T-shirt and knickers and sat down on the toilet for a pee.&nbsp; I heard footsteps on the landing outside the bathroom, and suddenly the door swung open.&nbsp; I had stopped bothering to lock the door after me weeks ago, often enjoying it when Alan or Neil would casually walk in on me when I was in the shower.

Now the doorway was filled with the shape of the old man.&nbsp; He stood there, watching me pee, the small room filled with the sound of my urine hitting the porcelain.&nbsp; I covered my breasts with my forearm, but was unable to stop the flow from my bladder.&nbsp; I heard him chuckle to himself as he stood and enjoyed the show.

Well, I&#8217;ll see you later then, Alison.&nbsp; There was laughter from the other two.

I put my head down, trying to avoid eye contact.

My flow finally ceased, but he made no effort to leave.&nbsp; Instead he leaned against the frame of the door, as if making himself comfortable.&nbsp; I pulled some tissue from the roll, wiped myself as quickly as I could then looked around for my bathrobe.&nbsp; Of course I had left it in my bedroom!&nbsp; I resigned myself to yet more embarrassment, then stood and flushed the toilet.&nbsp; I turned my back on the old man as I checked the temperature of the water in the shower, then stepped in to the cubicle and under the warm, cleansing water.

I knew the old man was having a long, lingering look at my bottom, but I didn&#8217;t care.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t doubt he&#8217;d see every inch of me within the next few hours, and I didn&#8217;t doubt that I&#8217;d enjoy every shameful minute of it.&nbsp; I started to lather my body, losing myself in the act of cleansing myself.&nbsp; When I turned around some minutes later, they had all gone, but the door was still open.

I stepped from the shower, then went through the rest of my routine.&nbsp; I shaved under my arms, then carefully over my pussy.&nbsp; I massaged moisturiser into my skin, wanting to feel my best, even for the old man. I plucked my eyebrows, combed my hair until it hung long and straight past my shoulders, almost to my nipples.&nbsp; Then I made my way to my bedroom.&nbsp; 

I had been given no instructions on what to wear.&nbsp; Last time, I&#8217;d worn stockings and suspenders, but my stocking tops had been soaked with the old man&#8217;s semen, so I&#8217;d thrown them away.&nbsp; They&#8217;d been my only pair.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t think he&#8217;d be the type to appreciate tights, so I would have to be bare legged.&nbsp; 

I found a dark blue, knee-length, wrap around skirt in my wardrobe and decided to wear that.&nbsp; I also found a loose fitting, cream coloured blouse, which went well with the skirt.&nbsp; The obligatory white knickers and a pair of strappy sandals completed the ensemble.&nbsp; I put on a little make-up and set off for Alan&#8217;s flat.

I walked into his living room and Alan and Neil began to whistle appreciatively.&nbsp; Alan started to caress my breasts through my blouse, making my nipples harden.&nbsp; Neil lifted my skirt from behind and began to caress my bottom.&nbsp; Who&#8217;s going to get fucked by a rancid old bastard then? He laughed.&nbsp; Alan laughed too.&nbsp; Amazingly, I found myself laughing with them.

Stop it you two!&nbsp; It isn&#8217;t funny!&nbsp; Really.

Nevertheless, we all had a giggle at the old man&#8217;s expense.&nbsp; Then Alan said, You&#8217;d better get off then.&nbsp; He&#8217;s expecting you.&nbsp; I swallowed nervously.&nbsp; Then a thought occurred to me.

What if Adam is there?&nbsp; Oh God! I don&#8217;t think I could cope with that.&nbsp; What do I do?

Just do as you&#8217;re told, and lie back and enjoy it.&nbsp; Neil laughed.&nbsp; Alan joined in and soon they were roaring with laughter at my discomfort.&nbsp; Irritated, I turned and left the flat.&nbsp; Their laughter still ringing in my ears as I walked along the street towards the old man&#8217;s newspaper shop.

I reached the&nbsp; shop to find it closed.&nbsp; Of course, I thought to myself, it&#8217;s Sunday.&nbsp; Finding a side door, I rang the bell.&nbsp; I heard movement behind the door, and it opened to reveal the old man.&nbsp; He held the door open for me and motioned for me to come in.&nbsp; As I walked past him I could smell his strong body odour.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was all I could do not to shudder or hold my nose.

Straight up the stairs.&nbsp; He motioned.

I started to climb the stairs and he followed, enjoying the view up my skirt as he did so.&nbsp; The place smelled really bad.&nbsp; Old cooking smells mixed with body odour and general dirt.&nbsp; It looked as tough it hadn&#8217;t seen new paint in a century.&nbsp; The walls were nicotine brown and the carpets a non-descript colour between red and brown.&nbsp; The light was poor on the stairs.&nbsp; As I reached the top I stood and waited for him to direct me.&nbsp; He slipped past me, his hand running across my bottom.&nbsp; In here.&nbsp; I followed.

We went into a living room of sorts.&nbsp; The smell was awful, and it clearly hadn&#8217;t been cleaned in a long time.&nbsp; Living room. He grunted, and turned and left the room.&nbsp; I was clearly expected to follow him on his &#8216;guided tour&#8217;.&nbsp; The next room was the bedroom.&nbsp; An ancient metal framed double bed stood in the middle of the room, with an old chest of drawers nearby.&nbsp; Discarded clothes lay in piles on the floor.

I stood looking at the mess, feeling disgust rising in me.&nbsp; I was lost in my own thoughts and hadn&#8217;t realised he&#8217;d left the room until he yelled Are you coming or not?

I jumped and followed him, catching up with him in the kitchen.&nbsp; This was reasonably clean, with a modern cooker. Clean work tops and even a washing machine.&nbsp; I was surprised.

Right, time for you to get to work.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going out for a few hours, going to see my son and his family.&nbsp; While I&#8217;m away, you clean the place, see?&nbsp;&nbsp; All of it.&nbsp; I want it spotless when I get back, right.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll find all the stuff you need in that cupboard there.&nbsp; I want you to do the living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom.&nbsp; Change the bed, wash the sheets and sort out all that washing that needs to be done. Oh, and you&#8217;ll find the things for tonight&#8217;s tea in the fridge.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be back about six thirty, have food on the table for six forty five or you&#8217;ll be punished.&nbsp; Get on with it.

And with that, he grabbed a coat and left.&nbsp; I was stunned!&nbsp; The old bastard.&nbsp; Not only was he going to have his little fun with me later, but I was expected to clean his dirty, disgusting hovel for him too.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t believe what had just happened.&nbsp; Huffing with indignation, I made my way down stairs to the front door, determined to leave.&nbsp; I was going to go home and tell Alan to forget it.&nbsp; 

It&#8217;s funny to think now.&nbsp; I&#8217;d happily comply with every perverted wish of every man I met, but the old man&#8217;s orders for me to do what he clearly saw as &#8216;woman&#8217;s work&#8217; had revived all the old feminist instincts in me!

I stomped down to the front door only to find it locked.&nbsp; The old bastard had locked it behind him, and I was unable to leave.&nbsp; &#8216;Fine&#8217;, I thought, &#8216;I&#8217;ll phone Alan and he can come and get me out&#8217;.&nbsp; I went back upstairs to find that there was a lock on the phone.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t get out, and I couldn&#8217;t call for help either.&nbsp; I sat down on the stairs, furious, trying to figure out what to do next.

After about ten minutes or so I had calmed down. I looked at the clock, twelve fifteen.&nbsp; I had over six hours to wait before the old man got back.&nbsp; Resigned to a long wait, I decided to do a bit of tidying round, just to pass the time.&nbsp; I opened windows in the flat to let some clean air in, sorted out some of the filthy clothes which I now saw lay around in every room, and put a load in the washing machine.

I hoovered in every room, then made myself a cup of tea and sat down to think things through.&nbsp; Despite myself, I had quite enjoyed sorting through the flat, and I was pleased at the improvement.&nbsp; I still had several hours to go, and my thoughts turned to what lay in store for me when the old man finally did get home. 

A thrill of revulsion ran through me.&nbsp; He&#8217;d already demonstrated that he could thoroughly humiliate me to the point of orgasm in the space of an hour or two, now he would have me for the whole evening and all of the night.&nbsp; The possibilities were endless.&nbsp; I slipped a finger into my knickers and felt for my slit.&nbsp; Sure enough, I was wet!&nbsp; Marvelling yet again at my seemingly insatiable sex drive I decided to play along with the old man.

I decided to play a little game of my own while I was waiting for &#8216;granddad&#8217;.&nbsp; I opened several buttons on my blouse and slipped my knickers off.&nbsp; Then I set about cleaning the flat as thoroughly as I could, but all the time imagining him there watching me.&nbsp; I imagined how he would be able to see down my blouse if I bent just so., how he might get a glimpse of my bare pussy if I allowed my wrap-around skirt to open too far.&nbsp; Whilst I was cleaning the bathroom and toilet I got down on my hands and knees, imagining him looking up my skirt and enjoying the view of my bare arse as I toiled away submissively.

I cleaned and washed determinedly all afternoon, then set about ironing his clothes and putting them away lovingly.&nbsp; All the time imagining how I would be showing myself off to him.&nbsp; I imagined him telling me to do certain tasks, knowing that when I did I would expose myself to him, then smiling slyly to himself.&nbsp; I was blushing with embarrassment, but becoming increasingly aroused at the same time.&nbsp; 

I changed the bed linen, the existing sheets were disgusting, God knew when they had last been changed.&nbsp; As I was putting clean ones on I imagined him watching me.&nbsp; I rolled onto my back and spread my legs wide causing my skirt to open and expose my shaven slit.&nbsp; I slipped my hand between my legs and began to stroke my sopping pussy.&nbsp; My clit was already hard and fantastically sensitive.&nbsp; I began to stroke my hard nipples.&nbsp; I writhed around on the old bed, listening to the springs as they creaked and groaned under my weight, imagining the sound they would make as he took me later on.&nbsp; I pushed first one, then two fingers into my hot tunnel, finger fucking myself towards orgasm.&nbsp; As I climaxed I heard myself sigh Oh granddad.

I recovered my composure, then set about more tasks around the flat.&nbsp; I looked at the clock; six o&#8217;clock.&nbsp; Half an hour and he would be back.&nbsp; I thrill of adrenaline shot through me.&nbsp; I hurried to the kitchen and began to prepare the meal.&nbsp; Al the ingredients were there and I busied myself enthusiastically.&nbsp; When the food was cooking nicely, I went to the bathroom and took off my skirt.&nbsp; I gently washed my sensitive pussy, savouring the coolness of the water.

Then I dried myself and, with a slight pang of regret, pulled my knickers back on.&nbsp; I fastened my skirt back into place, checked my make-up and hair in the mirror, fastened the buttons on my blouse, then went back to the kitchen to wait for Granddad.

He was right on time.&nbsp; At six-thirty precisely I heard the door open at the bottom of the stairs.&nbsp; I ran to the top of the stairs to greet him.&nbsp; He stood looking up at me.&nbsp; Did you do as you were told?&nbsp; He said, gruffly.

Yes, Granddad. I said in a little girl voice.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve done all the cleaning and the washing and lots of ironing, and I&#8217;ve cooked you a really nice meal Granddad.

He grinned openly.&nbsp; You better have done it properly, my girl.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want any crap jobs.

I have done it properly, honest Granddad.&nbsp; Come and see.&nbsp; I skipped down the stairs to him, took hold of his hand and lead him up the stairs.&nbsp; As I did so I knew he could see right up my skirt to my small, white knickers.&nbsp; I felt a tingle between my legs.

I took him into each room in turn, the living room, then the kitchen, then the bathroom, and finally the bedroom.&nbsp; I stood in the middle of his bedroom as he looked around approvingly.&nbsp; Then I showed him the shirts I had neatly ironed for him and the drawers full of clean underwear, socks and handkerchiefs.&nbsp; He smiled again as he stood next to me, then slowly reached out and patted my bottom.

Good girl.&nbsp; You have done well.&nbsp; I hope you can cook as well as you clean?

I&#8217;ve tried my best Granddad.

Well then let&#8217;s find out, shall we?

He sat down at the kitchen table and I waited on him.&nbsp; I served his food, then hurried off to get him a bottle of beer.&nbsp; I stood and watched him like a serving girl as he sampled the food.

Not bad at all.&nbsp; You can have some too, if you like.

Oh, thanks Granddad.&nbsp; I served myself a plate of the food and sat down to eat.

I&#8217;m glad to see you know your place. He said after he had finished eating.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t stand stuck up bitches who think they&#8217;re something special.&nbsp; You&#8217;re not like that, are you?

No Granddad, I know my place.

And where is that, then?

Where you tell me to be Granddad.

He grinned again.

You used to be such a stuck up bitch though, didn&#8217;t you?

Yes Granddad, but I&#8217;m different now.

So I see.&nbsp; Well, you&#8217;re not finished yet, young lady.&nbsp; Clear these plates away, then get on with the washing up.&nbsp; Oh, and I don&#8217;t think you need a skirt on for that, do you?

I felt colour rush to my cheeks.&nbsp; No Granddad.&nbsp; I murmured.&nbsp; I untied the skirt, removed it and draped it over the back of a chair.&nbsp; Then I set about clearing the table and washing up while he sat and watched me, smoking cigarettes almost constantly.

I washed all the plates and pans, dried them and put them away, taking every opportunity to bend over and give him a good view of my bum.&nbsp; I could feel the heat building in my pussy.&nbsp; I hoped that whatever he had in mind for me, he&#8217;d do it soon.

What shall we do this evening, Granddad?&nbsp; I enquired, trying to sound innocent.

Sunday night is cards night.&nbsp; He said.

Cards night? I echoed stupidly.

Yes.&nbsp; A few of my mates come over and we play cards and have a few drinks.&nbsp; Do that every Sunday.&nbsp; They&#8217;ll be here in a bit.&nbsp; When they get here, I want you to make them feel really welcome.&nbsp; Get them whatever they want, show some hospitality, ok?

I swallowed nervously.&nbsp; This was getting more and more bizarre.&nbsp; Firstly I&#8217;d been locked in his flat as a domestic slave and cook, then I&#8217;d been the after dinner cabaret, now I was to be some sort of hostess to a group of dirty old men.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Are you going to do as you&#8217;re told?&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want any nonsense out of you.&nbsp; Any tantrums and I&#8217;ll smack your arse, right?

Yes, Granddad.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be good, I promise.

Good. He looked at me with piercing eyes which promised retribution if I put a foot wrong.&nbsp; At that moment the doorbell rang.&nbsp; I looked at him for instructions and he barked Don&#8217;t just stand there, go and open it.&nbsp; Show the gentleman in here.

I hurriedly put my skirt back on then scampered off to the front door and opened it.&nbsp; A squat old man stood there, waiting.&nbsp; He had a large pot belly which hung over the waistband of his faded jeans and pushed at the buttons of his grubby white / grey shirt.&nbsp; He was virtually bald, but what hair he did have left had grown long and straggly, stretched across his bald head in an apparent attempt to give the impression of a full head of hair.

Are you here to see Mr. Stuart?&nbsp; I smiled at him.

That&#8217;s right.&nbsp; He said.&nbsp; His eyes ran up and down my entire body, lingering on my legs and breasts.&nbsp; And who might you be?

I&#8217;m Alison, I&#8217;m a friend of Mr. Stuart&#8217;s.&nbsp; Please come with me. I closed the door behind him then set off up the stairs.&nbsp; I could feel his eyes burning into the back of my thighs as he followed me, enjoying the view up my skirt.&nbsp; I deliberately swayed my hips provocatively, giving him the best possible view.

When we entered the living room, Granddad greeted him.&nbsp; Hi Barry.

Evening Tom.&nbsp; Who&#8217;s the skirt then?

Local bint.&nbsp; Used to be a right stuck up cow, now she can&#8217;t do enough for me, if you know what I mean. And he gave a huge, theatrical wink.

Barry turned to look at me again, You&#8217;re kidding?&nbsp;&nbsp; 

No, seriously.&nbsp; She&#8217;s here to entertain us tonight.&nbsp; Isn&#8217;t that right. Alison?

I felt my face flush with hot colour.&nbsp; Yes Granddad.&nbsp; I muttered.&nbsp; Barry laughed out loud. &#8217;Granddad&#8217;? he laughed.&nbsp; My God, she really is a little trollop, isn&#8217;t she?

Yes, and she&#8217;s the hostess for the night, so why don&#8217;t you tell her to get you a drink?

Good idea.&nbsp; Right, you, take my coat, then get me a can of lager, and make sure it&#8217;s cold.

Yes, sir.&nbsp; I said in a small voice.&nbsp; I collected his coat, which smelled as bad as he did, took it into the hallway to hang up, then fetched him a can and a glass. 

Very good.&nbsp; He said patronisingly as he took the drink.&nbsp; The doorbell rang again.&nbsp; Without waiting to be told I made my way downstairs.&nbsp; This time there were two men waiting.&nbsp; They were both in their sixties, the same as Barry and Granddad.&nbsp; One was tall, with a head of thick grey hair and a hard looking face.&nbsp; His body was lean.&nbsp; He had enormous hands, they looked out of place on his body.&nbsp; He was dressed in a pair of faded old trousers and a T-shirt that might once have been black.&nbsp; The other was much shorter, about Granddad&#8217;s height, with a head of greasy hair which had once been ginger, but now looked sandy and bland.&nbsp; He smiled at me revealing a row of crooked, tobacco stained teeth.

Without waiting to be invited, they both pushed through the door.&nbsp; The tall one was about to make his way upstairs, but &#8216;ginger&#8217; held him back, grinning and motioning for me to go first.&nbsp; 

I started up the stairs and they fell into line behind me.&nbsp; I knew they were enjoying the view up my skirt, and I was about to put on a little wiggle for them too, when I felt a rough hand slide up my thigh.&nbsp; I jumped and squealed with surprise, the sudden movement caused me to trip on the stairs and I fell forward, exposing my knickers to the two old men.&nbsp; They both giggled to themselves.

Should get yourself a longer dress if you don&#8217;t want to play, girly.&nbsp; One of them growled.&nbsp; More laughter.

I took them into the living room, where I quickly discovered that the tall one was called Alf and the &#8216;ginger&#8217; one was Roger.&nbsp; At mention of his name my mind went back to the evening in the pub.&nbsp; My tormentor that night had been called Roger, and he had ended up with his hands on my pussy and boobs.&nbsp; I shuddered with excitement.

I was quickly told to take Alf and Roger&#8217;s coats and fetch them drinks. As I did so I could hear the conversation coming from the other room.&nbsp; It was clear that Granddad was telling the others about me.&nbsp; I kept hearing snatches of conversation.&nbsp; I tell you.. pissing down. T-shirt and no knickers.. see the lot.&nbsp; Comes over here with a letter. Tits out, lovely pair too. Stripped her bare and fucked her.. only teaches my grandson, doesn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; says she&#8217;s a right miserable bitch.

His story was punctuated with raucous laughter from the other three.&nbsp; They were all making comments, most of which I couldn&#8217;t make out, but they were clearly obscene in nature.&nbsp; I wondered how far I would have to go this evening.

I took the drinks in to Alf and Roger.&nbsp; Alf took his without comment, Roger gave my bottom a playful smack as I turned to leave. 

So what&#8217;s she doing here tonight then, Tom? Roger asked, Sunday nights is sacred, no tarts allowed.&nbsp; You going soft or something?

Not a bit of it, Rog.&nbsp; I just thought it would be nice to have a bit of waitress service for a change.&nbsp; Course, if you want to rough it, I can always send her home.

Oh no, that&#8217;s fine by me, mate.&nbsp; Always like to see some bitch put to good use!&nbsp; I suppose you couldn&#8217;t afford a topless waitress then?

They all sniggered happily; my skin started to crawl.&nbsp; I knew what was coming.&nbsp; 

Now that is a good idea.&nbsp; Granddad announced.&nbsp; Alison, get them out.

All four of them turned to look at me.&nbsp; I could feel my heart beating against my chest.&nbsp; It never occurred to me to object.&nbsp; I had bought into this fantasy completely by now.&nbsp; I felt myself blushing.&nbsp; I knew this would appeal to them, so I tried to keep the moment going for as long as possible.&nbsp; I slowly started to undo the buttons on my blouse.&nbsp; The room had gone very quiet as they watched me slowly expose more and more flesh.

When the final button was open I let the two halves hang open, exposing the skin between my breasts whilst I made a great show of unfastening my cuffs.&nbsp; I looked at them from under my eyelashes, feigning reluctance.&nbsp; A couple of them rubbed at their crotches with their hands.&nbsp; I opened the second of my cuff buttons then paused momentarily.&nbsp; In one movement I opened my blouse, then pushed it off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

Granddad smiled appreciatively as I exposed my breasts to them.&nbsp; The others grunted their approval.&nbsp; There was a moment of silence, then the comments started.

Fuckin&#8217; hell Tom, you weren&#8217;t joking were you?

Lovely pair.&nbsp; Not very big though, are they?

No, but they look good and firm though.

They are, believe me!

I wouldn&#8217;t mind havin&#8217; a feel of those, I can tell you.

Help yourself, she won&#8217;t mind.&nbsp; Now are we going to play cards or look at her tits all night?

Lets do both!

Raucous laughter.

They took their places at a small table and Granddad started to deal cards to each of them.&nbsp; Barry turned to me and said, Get me another can.

I took the empty one and scurried off to the kitchen.&nbsp; I took him his can and offered it to him.

Well open it then.&nbsp; He ordered.

I opened the can and handed it to him.&nbsp; Again he refused.&nbsp; If you&#8217;re doing this properly, you don&#8217;t hand it to the customer, you put it on the table.

Sorry, sir.&nbsp; I muttered and leant over to place the can on the table next to him.&nbsp; As I did so, I felt his hand slide up the back of my thigh, disappearing under my skirt.&nbsp; I jumped in surprise, knocking the can over and spilling some of the contents on the card table.

You clumsy bitch! Granddad yelled, Get a cloth and clean up that mess.

I literally ran to the kitchen and returned with cloths and kitchen roll.&nbsp; I set about moping up the small spill of beer, watched closely by the four old men.&nbsp; After a moment or two Barry calmly reached out and began to stroke my bottom over my skirt.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t react, and a moment later I felt his hand sliding up my skirt again.&nbsp; I wanted so much to move away, but stayed, letting his hand travel higher and higher.&nbsp; I felt his fingers stroke the inside of my thigh, and then he cupped my bottom cheek in his meaty hand.&nbsp; I had finished mopping up the beer and stood at the side of the table, waiting for him to finish feeling me up.

Made you jump when I put my hand up your skirt did it?

Just a little, yes.

They all laughed.

Well now you know what to expect, don&#8217;t you?

Yes sir.

Right, enough of that, I need another drink.&nbsp; Granddad said.&nbsp; Yeah, me too.&nbsp; Announced Alf. And me. Roger chorused.

I looked at Barry, who winked at me then patted my bottom again.&nbsp; Good girl.&nbsp; You get on and get the drinks then.

I made my way to the kitchen, fully aware of the heat in my pussy.&nbsp; I prepared their drinks, then noticed a small round tray, similar to the sort used by waitresses.&nbsp; I put the drinks on the tray then returned to the living room, where their next hand of cards was under way.

As I bent to put Granddad&#8217;s drink on the table Alf, who was sitting next to him, reached out and cupped my left breast.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t move as he ran his massive paw across my breast, which looked small and juvenile in his oversize hand.&nbsp; He tweaked my nipple, which immediately started to respond.&nbsp; There were grunts of approval at this.&nbsp; When I reached to put his drink down he turned his attention to my right breast.

You&#8217;re right Tom, they are nice and firm. He grinned at Granddad.

Lets have a look then.&nbsp; Roger demanded.

I walked round to him and put his drink down.

Come and sit in my lap.&nbsp; He ordered.

I sat down on his lap and he started to grope both my breasts.&nbsp; He started to twist my nipples, which caused me to gasp gently.&nbsp; He chuckled at that.

Bit sensitive, are they?

I nodded.

Does this hurt then?&nbsp; He pinched both nipples and pulled on them.&nbsp; I gasped and yelped at the sudden discomfort, writhing around on his knee.&nbsp; He let go of my nipples but continued to stroke my breasts with his left hand.&nbsp; Then I felt his right hand on my knee.

What are you hiding up here then, I wonder.&nbsp; He announced to a round of giggles from the others.&nbsp; I said nothing, letting my head drop.

He ran his hand up the inside of my thigh until he reached the top of my leg.&nbsp; He pushed my thighs apart and began stroking my crotch.&nbsp; I could feel the heat there, and I knew I was becoming wet.&nbsp; He then grabbed my crotch with all four fingers and began to knead my pussy.&nbsp; I gasped with pleasure.&nbsp; The sensations he quickly generated in my hot slit were washing through my body.&nbsp; In moments I was wriggling around on his knee, gasping and moaning.

She really is a hot little thing isn&#8217;t she?&nbsp;&nbsp; He asked no one in particular.&nbsp; The others sniggered.&nbsp; I think it would be nice of her to show us what she&#8217;s got, don&#8217;t you think, gentlemen?&nbsp; There were grunts of approval.&nbsp; I looked over at granddad, waiting for the order I knew would come.

He smiled at me, then nodded.&nbsp; I stood up and slowly unfastened my skirt.&nbsp; I let it fall to the floor and bent over to pick it up.&nbsp; I walked slowly over to a chair and dropped my skirt on to it.&nbsp; Then hooked my thumbs into my waistband and pushed my knickers down to my ankles in one swift movement.&nbsp; I stepped out of them and dropped them on top of my skirt, then I turned to face them.&nbsp; Their eyes raked over my naked body.&nbsp; I turned round at their command, bent over, spread my legs wide, showing them my most secret places.

My face was hot with embarrassment, my heart was pounding with arousal.&nbsp; I could feel my pussy getting wet.&nbsp; I made my way to the kitchen to get them more drinks feeling light-headed and deliciously sexy.

As I placed each of their drinks on the table next to them, each old man ran his fingers over my bottom and bare pussy.&nbsp; Barry slipped his hand between my legs and ran his thumb along my pussy lips, a small sigh escaped from me.

You fuckin&#8217; love this, don&#8217;t you?

I nodded.

I saw a film once of a tart fingering herself.&nbsp; Do you do that?

 I nodded again.

Do it for us, now.

Without looking at granddad I moved to a nearby chair, turned it to face them and sat down in it.&nbsp; I slid down in the seat, opening my legs as I did so, then arched my back and lifted my legs, splaying them as wide as I could and giving the four old men a clear view of my pussy.&nbsp; I could feel the cool air on my lips, and knew they would be wet and swollen.&nbsp; I imagined how it would look to them as I sprawled in front of them.

I began to caress my breasts, stroking the hard, sensitive nipples, cupping them, rolling the nipples gently between my thumb and forefinger.&nbsp; Then I put my hand between my legs, placed a finger along each of my pussy lips, and spread them as wide as I could, showing them my delicate inner lips.&nbsp; They shifted around in their seats, there were murmurs of approval.&nbsp; I slipped my middle finger into my pussy, sliding it in slowly, pushing it as far in as I could.&nbsp; Then I slowly withdrew it, brought it up to my mouth and sucked it, savouring the taste of my own pussy.

I started to play with my clit, rubbing it, stroking it, teasing it.&nbsp; Waves of pleasure washed over me.&nbsp; I sprawled in the chair, my legs wide apart, fingering myself while four grubby old men watched and enjoyed.&nbsp; I could feel my orgasm building.

Granddad, can I come please?

Not yet.&nbsp; Keep going.&nbsp; The others laughed.&nbsp; I kept on masturbating for them, feeling myself edging closer and closer.

Please granddad.&nbsp; Please let me come, I&#8217;m so close now, and I so want to come.&nbsp; Please granddad?

What do you think, fellas?&nbsp; Shall we let her?

Make the little bitch wait if you ask me.&nbsp; Make her sweat for a bit longer.

Nah!&nbsp; Let the little slut have her fun.

Yeh!&nbsp; She&#8217;s put on a nice little show there, besides, I want to see her face when she comes.

They all looked at granddad, waiting for the verdict.&nbsp; I waited too, still teasing my pussy, stroking my clit, feeling my climax building.

Please granddad, oh please let me come, granddad.&nbsp; I whined.&nbsp; They all laughed, one of them imitating me, Oh yes please let her come granddad, her sticky little twat needs to come.&nbsp; More laughter.&nbsp; I felt a new wave of shame flood over me, driving me even closer to orgasm.&nbsp; I realised I was pinching my clit and nipples in my attempts to delay my climax.

Fine.&nbsp; Go on then.&nbsp; Come for us.

I did so immediately, my body shaking as the waves of pleasure ran through me.&nbsp; I closed my eyes as my orgasm started, blocking out all sight of the four old men watching.&nbsp; When my climax subsided I opened my eyes to see all of them grinning at me. There was a moments pause, then they all started to applaud.&nbsp; I covered myself as best I could, covering my bald slit with one hand and my breasts with the other arm, then I ran from the room, the sound of their applause and laughter ringing in my ears.

I made my way to the bathroom, where I tried to calm myself.&nbsp; I thought seriously about running from the house, then remembered that I was stark naked and my clothes were in the same room as my tormentors.&nbsp; If I wanted to leave I would either have to go naked through the streets or face the audience again.

After a few moments I began to calm down.&nbsp; I thought about what I had just done.&nbsp; I felt disgusted with myself, then began to get randy again.&nbsp; I felt out of control.&nbsp; Not only was I stripping for a bunch of dirty old men, letting them see every inch of my body, touch it, grope it, make comments about it, I was also quite happy to put on a lurid sex show for them, enjoying every minute of it.&nbsp; What would they want to do next, I wondered.&nbsp; The possibilities sent a thrill through me.

I made my way back to the room, taking a deep breath before opening the door.&nbsp; The four of them were playing cards, as if having a twenty-two year old strip bare and masturbate in front of them was an everyday event.&nbsp; I walked slowly over to the table.&nbsp; Granddad looked up from his cards.

Can I get you another drink Granddad?&nbsp; I asked sweetly.

Sure, why not.

I picked up his glass, then the others all ordered more drinks too.&nbsp; I placed the glasses on the tray then left the room.&nbsp; As I reached the kitchen there was a roar of laughter from the living room.&nbsp; I busied myself getting their drinks.&nbsp; Then the kitchen door opened.&nbsp; Barry came in and stood watching me as I filled glasses.&nbsp; Then he came and stood right behind me.&nbsp; I could feel his hot breath on my neck, smell his body odour.&nbsp; His hands started to stroke my bum, cupping each cheek in his fat hands.&nbsp; The he began to grope my breasts, squeezing them roughly, pinching my nipples.&nbsp; 

He grabbed my shoulders and span me round to face him.&nbsp; I stood placidly, his to enjoy.&nbsp; He pushed his hand between my legs, rubbing my pussy lips then pushed one fat digit between my lips and into my hot tunnel.&nbsp; I gasped as I felt him penetrate me.&nbsp; He chuckled nastily to himself then murmured, Dirty little bitch, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; If you were my granddaughter I&#8217;d smack your arse so hard you wouldn&#8217;t sit down for a month.&nbsp; I bet you&#8217;d like that though, wouldn&#8217;t you?

I didn&#8217;t answer, just hung my head in shame.&nbsp; He put a hand on my shoulder and began to push me down.&nbsp; He was going to have me, right here in granddad&#8217;s kitchen.&nbsp; I fell slowly to the floor and he knelt over me.&nbsp; He pushed my legs apart, staring at my pussy as he did so.&nbsp; He licked his lips then began to unfasten his trousers.&nbsp; He pushed his jeans and grubby underwear down, releasing his half-erect cock.&nbsp; His beer-belly sagged, almost covering his pubic hair, then he shuffled between my legs and sank down with a contented sigh.

He began to rub his cock against my pussy lips, I could feel him stiffening.&nbsp; Then he entered me.&nbsp; I felt his cock pushing into me as his belly flopped onto mine.&nbsp; He grunted happily as he started to screw me, then he began to lick my neck.&nbsp; He started to plant wet kisses across my face.&nbsp; I felt revolted.&nbsp; His long straggle of greasy hair fell across my face and my nostrils were filled with his body odour.

Dirty little fuckin&#8217; bitch, you love it, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you?

Yes.&nbsp; I whimpered.

Tell me how much you like it.

I love it when a man uses my body, I love it when a man touches me.&nbsp; I like to please men, make them happy.&nbsp; I love it when they have me, when they come inside me.

I&#8217;ll bet you do, you little slut.&nbsp; Go on.

I like to let men see my body, let them touch me, do anything they like to me.&nbsp; I like to put on a show for men, like I did before.&nbsp; I&#8217;m just a dirty little bitch and I love cock.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you come inside me?&nbsp; I purred in his ear whilst reaching down to fondle his balls.&nbsp; He groaned and then I felt him shooting his load deep into me, then he collapsed on top of me.&nbsp; He stayed there for what seemed like ages, then finally rolled off me and pulled his jeans up.&nbsp; He got to his feet and looked down at me, a look of disgust on his face.&nbsp; I stood up and started to put the drinks glasses on the tray.&nbsp; As I turned my back to him he lashed out at me, smacking my bottom three or four times.&nbsp; I shrieked with shock, my bottom stung by the blows.

Shut up. He yelled, Shut up you little bitch or I&#8217;ll give you something to cry about.&nbsp; Dirty little slut, you should have your arse warmed.

He slapped me a few more times then left the room.&nbsp; Alison, where the fuck are you with our drinks you lazy bitch?&nbsp; Get in here, now.&nbsp; I heard granddad yelling from the living room.&nbsp; I hurried to get the drinks together then made my way to the room where the four of them were again playing cards.

I started to serve the drinks, then Barry sneered, She&#8217;s a good little fuck Tom, I&#8217;ll give you that, but I think she&#8217;d benefit from having her arse warmed more often.&nbsp; See how much more well behaved she is since I gave her a lesson or two?

What did you do to her?&nbsp; Alf chuckled.

Gave her a good seeing to, then smacked her arse for being so easy. 

They all laughed at this, then Alf and Roger insisted that I turn around so they could inspect Barry&#8217;s handy work.&nbsp;&nbsp; They weren&#8217;t happy with the results and so I had to drape myself over Alf&#8217;s lap and endure another spanking.&nbsp; His enormous hands punished my bare bum until I was crying genuine tears of pain.&nbsp; They were all having a great time, Barry and Roger laughing while granddad just watched and smiled.

After a while Alf seemed satisfied and I was allowed to stand in the corner while they got on with another hand of cards.&nbsp; I could feel the heat radiating from my smarting backside and knew that it would be bright red for their amusement.

After a few more minutes I heard Alf say, Tom, you don&#8217;t mind if I, er.

Help yourself mate.&nbsp; Enjoy!&nbsp; More laughter.

Alf made his way towards the door without even looking at me.&nbsp; I glanced at Granddad, who just winked at me and smiled.&nbsp; I knew what was expected of me, and so I simply trailed after Alf, following him back to the kitchen.&nbsp; 

As I closed the kitchen door behind us, Alf turned to me, unfastening his trousers as he did so.&nbsp; He dropped his trousers, revealing a nest of grey pubes and a shrivelled cock, then sank down on a chair with a sigh.

Let&#8217;s see what that pretty little mouth of yours can do for your Uncle Alf then, shall we?&nbsp; He chucked.

Obediently, I knelt between his spread thighs and began to lick and suck at his cock whilst stroking and tickling his balls.&nbsp; He soon began to respond, and in a very short time I was sucking and wanking his fully erect shaft into my mouth.&nbsp; He grunted with each stroke, then put his huge hands either side of my head and began to rock me up and down on his swollen shaft.&nbsp; His cock began to hit the back of my throat, causing me to gag.

I put my hands on his hips, trying to push away but he held me firmly, pushing my head down onto his cock, forcing his glans into my throat.&nbsp; I began to cough and splutter, trying to turn my head to enable some air to enter my lungs.&nbsp; I heard laughter behind me, then someone began to deliver sharp smacks to my bottom.&nbsp; I gasped with shock and pain, only for Alf to take this as his opportunity to force his cock deep into my throat.&nbsp; I tried not to panic, tried to breathe through my nose, but the stinging blows to my bottom made me gasp and cry.&nbsp; 

I couldn&#8217;t breathe.&nbsp; My throat was filled with Alf&#8217;s cock and still my unknown assailant was smacking my bottom.&nbsp; I began to get dizzy.&nbsp; I thought I was going to pass out at any moment, then I felt Alf&#8217;s cock twitch and he began to shoot strings of ropy semen into my throat.&nbsp; He grunted with each spasm of his member, then finally he let go of my head.

I fell to the floor, gasping for breath, retching and coughing his semen out of my throat and nose.&nbsp; Tears ran down my face and I began to sob in misery.&nbsp; Then I felt a cock start to push against my back door.

At first I was too busy concentrating on pulling air into my lungs and expelling the last of Alfs&#8217; vile ejaculation to be bothered, but then I felt it penetrate me and start to push deep into my bowels.

I looked over my shoulder to see Roger, his face contorted in concentration and sheer lust, easing his swollen cock into me.&nbsp; Behind him, I could see Granddad and Barry smiling lecherously.

Enjoying yourself?&nbsp; Granddad grinned to me.&nbsp; Before I could answer Roger drove his cock deep into me, making me gasp.

Look at her, Tom, she bloody loves it.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t get enough of it can she? No, it&#8217;s a long time since I saw such a dirty little bitch, and so versatile too!&nbsp; She&#8217;ll take it up any hole, won&#8217;t she?&nbsp; And as if that&#8217;s not enough, she loves showing off what she&#8217;s got for the gentlemen too.&nbsp; Dirty little strumpet, you want me to give her arse some more punishment?

No, that&#8217;s fine, thanks Barry!&nbsp; I&#8217;ve got a few things in mind for her pretty little arse after you&#8217;ve gone.

You mean you&#8217;re not going to let us watch?&nbsp; You miserable old git, Tom!

Don&#8217;t worry mate, you&#8217;ll have your chance for more fun with her another time.&nbsp; Looks like Roger&#8217;s enjoying himself though.

They both chuckled as Roger increased the depth and speed of his strokes, grasping my hips and pulling me onto his invading member.&nbsp; I just let him pull me around, feeling his cock deep inside me, wishing him to finish.&nbsp; I felt more dirty than ever before as this group of dirty old men used and abused me, laughed at me and called me every vile name they could think of.&nbsp; Part of my brain registered granddad&#8217;s words, and I shuddered inwardly at the thought of what he might have in mind for me.

And then Roger started to come.&nbsp; I felt him twitch and start to shoot into my bowels, and then he pulled out and shot his hot, sticky load all over my back and bottom.&nbsp; I shuddered as each hot spurt splashed onto my skin.&nbsp; The others laughed again.&nbsp; Then Roger fell back onto his haunches, giggling to himself.&nbsp; I started to slowly get to my feet. 

I think your should say &#8216;thank you&#8217; to your uncles for giving you such a nice time, don&#8217;t you Alison?

Yes, Granddad.&nbsp; Thank you Uncle Roger, thank you Uncle Alf and thank you Uncle Barry.&nbsp; Thank you for giving me such a nice time.&nbsp; I said weakly.

Tom, you know what you should do with this little bitch, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Barry said excitedly.

No, what?

Give her to Leroy for one of his parties.

You think he&#8217;d be interested in her?

Sure, why not?&nbsp; They all chorused.

Who&#8217;s Leroy? I asked, not liking the sound of this at all.

Leroy?&nbsp; Granddad echoed, Biggest fucking black bastard you&#8217;ve ever seen!&nbsp; Must be six foot six if he&#8217;s an inch.&nbsp; He&#8217;s one of the main &#8216;enforcers&#8217; &#8216;round here.&nbsp; No one messes around with Leroy.&nbsp; He has these parties, for his friends, you know?

Well, for his male friends.&nbsp; Barry interrupted.&nbsp; The others laughed again.

Exactly!&nbsp; He has these parties for his male friends.&nbsp; He&#8217;s always on the lookout for fresh meat.&nbsp; Needs a constant supply of new, white girls for his parties.

Just white girls?&nbsp; I asked.

Just white girls.&nbsp; Seems he likes to see white girls pleasing black men.&nbsp; Oh, he invites a few white guys to his parties, but it&#8217;s mainly &#8216;the brothers&#8217; who get to go.&nbsp; And they have a great time by all accounts.&nbsp; How about it, you fancy getting shagged stupid by a whole house-load of horny niggers?

I, er I don&#8217;t know, I mean, I er.&nbsp; I had no idea what to say.&nbsp;&nbsp; They were all looking at me with a hungry look in their eyes.&nbsp; I started to feel scared, and not in a nice way.

I&#8217;ll make the call Tom, I&#8217;ll let you know later on what Leroy says.&nbsp; Barry said, then leaned in and said something else to granddad, too quiet for me to hear, but granddad snickered nastily.

Then Barry, Alf and Roger were pulling on their coats and saying their goodbyes to granddad.

See you again soon Tom.&nbsp; Thanks for a nice evening.&nbsp; Very entertaining!

They left without a word to me.&nbsp; After they had left granddad said, You better go and wash.&nbsp; I want you clean before you get into my bed.

Yes, granddad.&nbsp; I mumbled and made my way to the bathroom.&nbsp; I turned on the shower and waited for the water to run warm.&nbsp; A few moments later granddad walked in.

If you&#8217;re waiting for hot water, you&#8217;re out of luck.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll have to wash in cold.

I hesitated for a moment, then stepped into the freezing cold shower. I gasped and shrieked as the cold water played on my body, then began to wash as quickly as I could.&nbsp; I soaped my entire body then began to rinse under the shower.&nbsp; As I made to step out granddad pushed me back in.

Wash your cunt, you dirty bitch.

I did!&nbsp; I cried.

Do it again.&nbsp; Better this time.

He stood there and watched as I washed my most intimate place with freezing cold water.

And your arse-hole as well.

I soaped my back passage, shivering with cold, then let the water rinse the soap away.

Can I get out now please, granddad.&nbsp; I said through chattering teeth.

No.&nbsp; Do your tits again.

B b b but, they&#8217;re clean!

I know.&nbsp; But do them again anyway.&nbsp; I like to watch that!

I soaped my breasts, squeezing them and tweaking my hard, crinkled nipples for him.&nbsp; Finally, he was satisfied and I was allowed to step out of the freezing water.&nbsp; He handed me a tiny little towel, the sort you&#8217;d usually dry your hands on, then stood back and watched intently as I dried my body.

When I was dry he motioned for me to follow him back to the living room.&nbsp; Still shivering, I followed him.

He sat down in a chair then called me over to him.&nbsp; Are you cold?

Yes.&nbsp; I said, my teeth were still chattering.

Well come here, and I&#8217;ll warm your arse for you.&nbsp; He said, and laughed to himself.

But, I er, I mean why? I mean, I&#8217;ve done everything you told me to, granddad, why are you going to 

Because I choose to, and there&#8217;s nothing you can do about it.&nbsp; Besides, we both know you like it, don&#8217;t we?&nbsp; Now get over my knee.

Reluctantly, I draped myself over his knee.&nbsp; He began to stroke my bum cheeks, one at a time.&nbsp; Then he pushed my thighs apart slightly, then ran a finger tip along my slit.&nbsp; I shuddered involuntarily, making him chuckle to himself.&nbsp; Then he started to smack my bottom.&nbsp; My skin was still cold from the shower, and his blows stung.&nbsp; I cried out and instinctively put my hands behind me to protect myself from the blows.

He grabbed hold of my hands and forced my arms up into the middle of my back.&nbsp; My head was pushed down and I was unable to move.&nbsp; Then I saw him reach down and remove one of the slippers he was wearing.

No. No, please granddad, not that.&nbsp; Not the slipper, please granddad, it hurts too much.&nbsp; No please

It was no good.&nbsp; The more I pleaded, of course, the more he enjoyed himself.&nbsp; He began to rain blows down onto my poor bottom, making me squeal and cry.&nbsp; My bottom soon felt like it was on fire, and he just kept on and on, sometimes concentrating on my bottom, other times on the tops of my thighs. I was soon reduced to a sobbing mass, gasping for breath and begging him to stop.&nbsp; 

Finally, he did.&nbsp; Right, get up.&nbsp; He barked.&nbsp; I did so at once, sniffing and rubbing my bum cheeks as I did so.

Stand in front of me.

I did so, noticing how his eyes travelled from my breasts to my shaven mound.&nbsp; Turn around and bend over.

I did as I was told, opening my thighs slightly without being ordered just to please him.&nbsp; I bent forward knowing that he could see all my most intimate places.&nbsp; I heard him grunt with satisfaction, then he began to roughly stroke and rub the inside of my thighs.&nbsp; He put his thumbs either side of my slit then pulled the lips apart, examining me intimately.

Spread your lips for me.

I reached behind me and spread my pussy lips wide for his inspection.

Wider.

I pulled them wider.

Wider! 

They won&#8217;t go any wider.&nbsp; I complained.

Then he started to poke a finger into me, pushing into my tunnel, then pulling out.&nbsp; He took hold of my clit between thumb and forefinger and began to rub it, roughly.&nbsp; I groaned and began to wriggle but he gave me two sharp smacks with his free hand and barked Keep still!

I stood there for what seemed like ages, spreading my pussy lips for that disgusting old man while he poked and played with my delicate folds.&nbsp; Then he told me to spread my bottom cheeks.&nbsp; I hesitated momentarily, then pulled my cheeks apart, exposing my puckered little hole for his enjoyment.&nbsp; He started to circle my anus with a finger-tip, giggling as I instinctively flinched at his touch.

You like it up the shitter, don&#8217;t you?

No.

Liar.&nbsp; I saw the way you let Roger fuck you there.&nbsp; You love it, don&#8217;t you?

No.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t like it, I don&#8217;t like it at all.&nbsp; It&#8217;s just that I can&#8217;t say no.

He pushed his finger deep into me.&nbsp; I groaned.&nbsp; You honestly telling me you don&#8217;t like it when a man pushes his cock up your arse?

No, I don&#8217;t.&nbsp; Really granddad, honestly I don&#8217;t.

Does Alan fuck you up the arse?

Yes.

And his friends?

Yes.

So anyone can shove their cock up your arse, and you&#8217;ll let them, that right?

Mmmm.

And you still expect me to believe that you don&#8217;t like it?&nbsp; Don&#8217;t make me laugh!&nbsp; It&#8217;s like having your arse smacked.&nbsp; You cry and whine like you don&#8217;t like it, but inside, you love it don&#8217;t you?

That&#8217;s different.

No it isn&#8217;t.&nbsp; You love being made to do things you think are awful, degrading, depraved.&nbsp; You&#8217;re a fucking snob, who gets off on being brought down to our level.&nbsp; That&#8217;s right, isn&#8217;t it.&nbsp; You think you&#8217;re way above me, don&#8217;t you, and yet here you are, stark bollock naked in my front room, bent over with my finger up your tight little arse.&nbsp; And you love it. Don&#8217;t you?

Yes!&nbsp; I cried.&nbsp; Yes, alright, I love it, you&#8217;re right. Happy now?

Don&#8217;t you take that tone with me, bitch!&nbsp; He growled.

I, I&#8217;m sorry granddad. I didn&#8217;t mean to be rude.&nbsp; I&#8217;m really sorry granddad, please forgive me.

He slowly inserted a second finger into my bottom.&nbsp; I groaned out loud.

It&#8217;s true, isn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; You look at me and you think you&#8217;re way above me.&nbsp; Too good for the likes of me, right?&nbsp; That&#8217;s why you would never have a conversation with me in my shop. Isn&#8217;t that right?

Partly.&nbsp; I confessed.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t like the way you used to look at me.&nbsp; Like you were undressing me with your eyes.&nbsp; And you used to try to look down my blouse whenever you could.&nbsp; I used to hate that.

But you did think you were better than me, right?

Yes.

And now look at you.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll do anything I tell you to, won&#8217;t you.&nbsp; And no matter how disgusting or humiliating, you&#8217;ll get off on it, won&#8217;t you?

I realised how aroused I was becoming.&nbsp; He had this effect on me.&nbsp; He made me admit the truth to him, all my little secrets.&nbsp; The humiliation never failed to get me hot.&nbsp; He was doing it again.

I&#8217;ll do anything you tell me to, granddad. I breathed.

Tell me.&nbsp; He urged.

I used to think I was so special.&nbsp; I started.&nbsp; I thought I was superior to so many people.&nbsp; I used to hate men who tried to better me.&nbsp; I&#8217;d make a point of getting them back, making them look foolish somehow.&nbsp; I used to look down on lots of people, believing I was smarter than them, better than them.&nbsp; I thought they were beneath me.

You still do, don&#8217;t you?

Yes.&nbsp; I know I&#8217;m better than so many other people, I&#8217;m smart, I&#8217;m pretty, I&#8217;m sexy.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve got more money than them, better taste than them, a better career than them.

So?

I love it when they humiliate me.&nbsp; I love it when a man looks at me like I&#8217;m just a sex object.&nbsp; I love it when he uses me. Humiliates me.&nbsp; Abuses me.&nbsp; Makes me do the most degraded, disgusting things.

Like making you spread your arse while he stick a couple of fingers up your arse?

A thrill of shame shot through me like a bolt of lightening.

Oh God yes!&nbsp; A few weeks ago I couldn&#8217;t even have imagined standing here, naked while you did that.&nbsp; Oh granddad, what have I become? 

He suddenly pulled his fingers from my bottom.&nbsp; I looked &#8216;round at him.&nbsp; He smiled at me, then raised his fingers.&nbsp; I knew what was coming.

Lick them clean.

I knelt in front of him, took his hand and steered his fingers into my mouth.&nbsp; I licked and sucked his rough-skinned fingers until he was happy that they were clean.&nbsp; 

You have become what you most despised; a sex toy.&nbsp; No man will be interested in your mind now, not when you make your cunt, your arse and your mouth so easily available to them.&nbsp; And how could they take you seriously when you&#8217;ll drop your knickers and play with your wet little pussy for them, bringing yourself off while they watch you.&nbsp; How could you even think of yourself as the equal of a man, when any man can spank your bare arse, feel your cunt, make you do anything they like, and you love it all.&nbsp; Even when this little game of yours is over, and you go back to being whatever it is you&#8217;re pretending to be, you&#8217;ll always know, won&#8217;t you?&nbsp; You&#8217;ll always know that you are just granddad&#8217;s little girl.&nbsp; His to play with, anytime he wants.

Yes.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll always be your little girl granddad, I promise.

Of course you will.&nbsp; And you&#8217;ll always be a little slut, won&#8217;t you?&nbsp; No matter how respectable you try to be, you&#8217;ll always remember all those men who used you.&nbsp; Used you for their pleasure, not yours.&nbsp; There&#8217;s nothing mutual about this Alison.&nbsp; They use you for their pleasure.&nbsp; Any part of your body.&nbsp; They make you show yourself off to them for their fun, not yours. 

I know.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll always be a little slut, granddad, I know that.

There&#8217;s a good little girl. 

Would you like me to suck you off, granddad?

Would you like to do that?

Yes please, granddad.&nbsp; I love sucking your cock, and I love to see your big, hairy ball bag.&nbsp; Can I suck you off please granddad?

He grinned, sat back in his chair and motioned for me to continue.&nbsp; I gave him my most wanton look from under my eyelashes, then reached for the button of his trousers.&nbsp; I opened it then lowered the zip.&nbsp; He lifted his hips momentarily and I was able to slip his trousers down, revealing the now familiar grey/white underpants with the yellow stains on the front.

I was totally in his spell, revelling in the total humiliation he was inflicting on me.&nbsp; Nothing was too base, too disgusting for me to do that evening.&nbsp; I put my face into his crotch and drew his smell into my nostrils.&nbsp; He smelt of old man, musty, aged, urine-stained.&nbsp; I kissed the yellow patches on his underpants, feeling his cock twitch beneath the fabric.

I put out my tongue and ran it along the length of the stiffening member, over the slightly stiff yellow patches.&nbsp; He grunted.&nbsp; I ran the tips of my fingers over his scrotum, again marvelling at the sheer size of it.&nbsp; Then I slowly peeled down the front of his underpants until the head of his cock came into view.&nbsp; I leaned forward and began to plant tiny kisses over its&#8217; head, then ran the tip of my tongue around his foreskin.&nbsp; His cock continued to grow and swell, his glans starting to appear from under his foreskin.

I wrapped my fingers around his shaft and started to wank his cock slowly, deliberately.&nbsp; He lifted his hips again so that I could slip his ageing underwear down.&nbsp; I pushed them down to his ankles, then started to kiss and lick his over-size ball bag.&nbsp; I felt the skin start to tighten and crinkle as I did so.&nbsp; I started to stroke and tickle his scrotum with one hand whilst wanking his erect sock with the other.&nbsp; Then I slipped my lips over the head of his cock and started to suck gently.

I felt his cock swelling in my mouth and I pulled my hand gently down, easing his foreskin back over his glans.&nbsp; I wrapped my tongue around his sensitive head and sucked eagerly.&nbsp; I felt his body stiffen, then relax into his chair as I built up a steady rhythm.&nbsp; In a few short moments he was fully erect, his shaft hot and throbbing and his glans swelling in my mouth.

I lifted my head from his cock, looked longingly into his eyes and said, Are you going to come in my mouth, granddad?

He grinned at me, You&#8217;d like that, wouldn&#8217;t you?

I grinned back and nodded.

Make it a good one for me then.

I lowered my head and took his cock into my mouth once more.&nbsp; I sucked and lapped at his cock, wrapping my tongue around his glans.&nbsp; I bobbed my head up and down, wanking his cock and stroking his balls.

I could feel the tension building in him.&nbsp; With a sudden groan he started to empty his balls into my mouth.&nbsp; Spurt after spurt of hot, salty jism hit the back of my throat.&nbsp; I swallowed as quickly as I could, gulping down his thick seed.&nbsp; I had never known any man to produce as much in one go, and soon it started to overflow out of my mouth, running down my chin.&nbsp; 

Finally, his cock subsided and started to relax.&nbsp; I let his softening cock slip from my mouth and looked up at him.

Was that ok, granddad?&nbsp; I said in my best &#8216;little girl&#8217; voice.

Wipe your chin.&nbsp; He said, a broad grin on his face.

I ran my fingers across my chin, collecting the spilt semen, then as he watched I started to lick my fingers.&nbsp; His semen was incredibly thick and salty, it took me several moments to remove it all from my fingers.&nbsp; He watched me with a look of contentment and amusement on his face.&nbsp; When I had finally finished he said, Are you happy now.

Yes, granddad. I sang sweetly.

I bet you&#8217;d like to have a quick fiddle with yourself before bed-time, though, wouldn&#8217;t you?

I lowered my head, feigning shyness, Yes please granddad.

Go on then.&nbsp; He chuckled.

I lay back on the floor in front of him, spread my legs and began to stroke the lips of my pussy.&nbsp; I could feel the wetness as soon as I touched myself.&nbsp; I started to stroke my nipples with the other hand, feeling them tighten and swell beneath my touch.&nbsp; Then I slipped a finger between my pussy lips and found my hard little clit.&nbsp; Bolts of pleasure shot through me as I thrust my hips up, giving him an unobstructed view of my pussy and my sopping fingers.

I pushed two fingers into my hot hole and pressed my thumb down onto my clit.&nbsp; I started to gasp out loud as the waves of pleasure started to build.&nbsp; I looked up and saw granddad watching me, a lecherous smile on his face.

Tell me how much you enjoy doing this.

Oh I love doing this.&nbsp; Showing myself off to a man.&nbsp; Playing with myself, while a man watches me, oh it&#8217;s so dirty.&nbsp; I breathed.

Have you done this for a lot of men?

Last weekend, Alan made me do it in front of a load of them.&nbsp; I had to tell them all about when I was a little girl, playing with myself in my bedroom at night.

I&#8217;d have loved to have had you when you were young.&nbsp; I bet you were really innocent, weren&#8217;t you?

I think so, yes.

Would you have liked me to play with you when you were young?

Another thrill shot through me as I realised where this was going.

Oh yes, granddad, I would have loved you to have played me when I was just a young girl.

How old were you when you first let a boy touch you?

I was fifteen when I first let a boy touch my boobs.&nbsp; His name was Michael, and he told me he loved me.&nbsp; I believed him, so one night I let him have a feel of my boobs.&nbsp; It was over my top at first, then later I let him put his hand inside my top.

Go on.

It felt nice, so I let him do it lots of times.&nbsp; Then he wanted to put his hands up my skirt, and I wouldn&#8217;t let him.&nbsp; He finished with me right after, then told all the other boys at school that he&#8217;d felt my breasts.

Who was the first to touch your cunt?

My boyfriend Joe.&nbsp; I was sixteen and he was so lovely.&nbsp; I let him feel my boobs lots of times, I even let him see them once or twice.&nbsp; Then he wanted to touch me there.

Say it.

I gasped, more humiliation, more thrills.&nbsp; I carried on playing with my clit, burying two fingers deep inside me.

He wanted to touch my pussy.&nbsp; One night he started to push his hand up my skirt, and I just let him.&nbsp; His hand went higher and higher.&nbsp; And then he reached the top of my legs.&nbsp; I remember opening my legs just a little bit, so he&#8217;d know it was ok.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then he put his hand over my pussy and just let it lie there.&nbsp; It was over my knickers, but I knew he could feel it, and it felt nice.&nbsp; I let him do it like that lots of times.&nbsp; And then one night we were in the park together, we&#8217;d found a quiet little place where no one could find us, and we&#8217;d go there just to be together.&nbsp; He&#8217;d had his hand inside my top, feeling my breasts, and then he&#8217;d put his hand up my skirt.&nbsp; I&#8217;d let him, like I usually did, and I&#8217;d started to like it.&nbsp; Then he started to wriggle his fingers, and that felt really nice.&nbsp; And then I realised that he was trying to get hold of the leg of my knickers.&nbsp; I knew what he was trying to do, and I decided to let him.

He started to pull the leg of my knickers to one side, and then he slipped his hand inside.&nbsp; He just touched me at first.&nbsp; Then he started to move his fingers around.&nbsp; It felt really nice.&nbsp; Then he found my clit.&nbsp; He didn&#8217;t know, of course, and I didn&#8217;t give him any sign, but when I felt his finger start to touch it I just melted inside.&nbsp; Then he found my hole and started to push a finger into me.&nbsp; I was really embarrasses because I was wet down there, so I told him to stop.

But you let him finger you lots of times after that?

Yes.&nbsp; I&#8217;d let him touch me whenever he liked really.

Did you let him fuck you?

Yes.&nbsp; He was the first one.&nbsp; I let him make love to me.

But wouldn&#8217;t you have liked it if I&#8217;d been doing it to you?

Oh yes, granddad.&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d have loved it if you&#8217;d have been there to play with me, to teach me.

What would you have liked me to do?

I would have come to your shop straight after school, and you&#8217;d have taken me into the store room, like you did the other day.&nbsp; I&#8217;d have come to you, and sat on your lap while I told you all about what I&#8217;d done that day.

Go on.

I&#8217;d have done anything for you, granddad, and I&#8217;d have liked it when you started to touch me.

Touch you where?

I groaned.&nbsp; I was building to a massive orgasm, but I wanted to hold it off for a while yet, this was getting too enjoyable!

You&#8217;d have felt my breasts first.&nbsp; You&#8217;d have stroked them, and felt them and said nice things about them, like, &#8216;these are very pretty, Alison&#8217;.&nbsp; Then you&#8217;d have opened one or two of the buttons on my blouse and slipped your hand inside, and pulled my bra cup aside and run your lovely, rough hands all over my tender young boobs.&nbsp; And you&#8217;d have said &#8216; do you like this, Alison?&#8217; and I&#8217;d have said &#8216;yes granddad&#8217;, and you&#8217;d have smiled at me, like I was a good girl.&nbsp; And then you would have stoked my leg, just above my knee, and slowly slid your hand higher until your thumb was just touching my most secret place.&nbsp; And I&#8217;d be sitting on your lap, with my blouse open, and you&#8217;d have been able to see my breasts, and your hand would be up my skirt, and you&#8217;d be just touching my pussy with your thumb.&nbsp; And I&#8217;d open my legs so you could reach easily, and you&#8217;d start to run your fingers along the gusset of my knickers, and I&#8217;d let you, granddad.

Would you have liked that?

Oh yes! Oh yes, granddad.&nbsp; I&#8217;d have loved that.&nbsp; I&#8217;d have sat there on your lap whole you stroked me and played with me, and I&#8217;d have opened my legs still further for you when you started to pull my knickers aside.&nbsp; And I&#8217;d have smiled at you as you started to feel my pussy, stroking the hair and feeling all over me, and then you&#8217;d push a finger between my lips, and I&#8217;d be wet, and you&#8217;d say &#8216;what do we have here Alison?&#8217;&nbsp; And I&#8217;d say, &#8216;I&#8217;m sorry granddad, I can&#8217;t help it, I&#8217;m just a naughty girl, please forgive me&#8217;.&nbsp; But you&#8217;d say &#8216;I can&#8217;t let you off with this behaviour Alison, I must teach you a lesson.&#8217;&nbsp; And then I&#8217;d have to stand up, and lift my school skirt right up, and then you&#8217;d pull my nice white school knickers down, and I&#8217;d have to go over your knee and you&#8217;d spank me for being a rude girl, and then you&#8217;d have to check again, to make sure I had learned my lesson, and you&#8217;d feel my pussy again, and tell me off for being so rude.

I couldn&#8217;t hold off any longer.&nbsp; A massive orgasm shook my whole body as I pictured the fourteen year-old me being fondled and spanked by this dirty, repulsive, smelly little man.&nbsp; My entire body went completely rigid.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t breathe, I could hear nothing except the rushing of blood in my ears.&nbsp; Finally, the surges of pleasure started to subside, leaving only jangling nerves in their place.&nbsp; When I finally began to regain consciousness he was still there, grinning lewdly.&nbsp; I slipped my hand from my now sopping pussy and shook my fingers, relieving the cramp which had set in as I&#8217;d clamped my legs together on my own hand.

Very good, Alison, very good indeed.&nbsp; I see you really do like the idea of being abused and humiliated.&nbsp; That&#8217;s why I think it would be good for you to go to one of Leroy&#8217;s parties.

My head started to clear of the fog which had wrapped around my brain during my climax.

What would I have to do?

Absolutely anything and everything you&#8217;re told to.&nbsp; Leroy holds the parties at some big old house on the outskirts of the city.&nbsp; Massive place it is, on about four floors.&nbsp; There&#8217;s usually about fifty guys invited, and about the same number of girls.&nbsp; All sorts of stuff goes on there, gambling, drinking, fighting, lots of deals get done there, and of course the girls have to make sure the men are happy. Most of the girls are prostitutes, I&#8217;m told they make a lot of money from one party, but they earn every penny, I assure you.

And I&#8217;d be one of these girls?

Yes.&nbsp; You&#8217;d be expected to please any man there, in any way he wanted.&nbsp; In short, you&#8217;d be just a convenient female body; a sex toy.&nbsp; Just what you want to be!

But would I be safe?

No one&#8217;s ever been killed at one of Leroy&#8217;s parties.&nbsp; No one would dare make that sort of trouble.&nbsp; But there&#8217;s no telling what you&#8217;d have to do, once you were there.&nbsp; All sorts of guys go to these things, some of them have pretty strange tastes!&nbsp; You up for it then?

I don&#8217;t know, I&#8217;ll have to ask Alan.

Alan will be fine with it, I know.

How do you know that?

He sent you to me, didn&#8217;t he?&nbsp; He likes the idea of you being used as a toy, believe me, provided you go back to him and tell him all about it afterwards.&nbsp; Shall I make the appointment with Leroy?

You mean for the party?

No, I mean for the audition.

Audition?

Sure.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t get to just stroll into one of Leroy&#8217;s parties.&nbsp; You have to convince him you&#8217;re good enough.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll arrange to take you over to his place, he can have a look at you, and if he&#8217;s happy he&#8217;ll let you in to play.

I felt very uncertain about the whole idea.&nbsp; Would Alan or you be there, I mean at the party?

No.&nbsp; I&#8217;d drop you off there on the Saturday afternoon and pick you up the following morning.&nbsp; You&#8217;d be on your own.

I really don&#8217;t know about this.

Relax.&nbsp; It&#8217;ll be fine.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll have a great time.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll make the appointment in the morning.&nbsp; Now let&#8217;s go to bed.

I followed him dumbly to bed.&nbsp; Granddad seemed to have had enough of my body and so we both fell asleep almost at once.&nbsp; I was woken before dawn by him pushing my legs apart and rubbing the head of his stiff cock against my pussy lips.

Come on, wake up and put some effort onto it, I haven&#8217;t got all day.&nbsp; He barked at me.

Mumbling apologies I started to stroke his body, reaching down to stroke his shaft, rubbing it up and down my slit before positioning it against the opening to my tunnel.&nbsp; Then he drove into me with one swift push, burying his cock in me up to the hilt.&nbsp; I gasped, now fully awake, and began to move my hips in time to his thrusts.&nbsp; Clearly I wasn&#8217;t doing enough for him as he reached down, took hold of my left nipple and began to pinch and twist it.&nbsp; I yelped in pain and started to frantically kiss, lick and stroke his body.&nbsp; I reached down and began to fondle his balls, I tickled his arse, I licked his neck, kissed his ear, began to whisper to him.

Oh granddad I love it when you take me like this, I love to feel your lovely hard cock pushing deep into me.&nbsp; I want to feel your come shooting deep into me from your lovely big balls.&nbsp; I want you to fill me up, like you did last time.&nbsp; I want to feel your come leaking out of me as I walk home, soaking the top of my legs.&nbsp; Come on granddad, shoot your lovely jism right up my hot, tight hole.&nbsp; I&#8217;m always hot and wet for you, granddad.&nbsp; You can shoot your load into me any time you want, do anything you want to me, make me do anything.&nbsp; You can strip me at any time, play with my body, make me play with myself for you until I come.

Would you have liked this when you were fourteen as well?

With a shock I remembered the scene I had invented the night before for him.&nbsp; A thrill of revulsion and excitement ran through me.

Oh, I&#8217;d have loved you to do this to me when I was young, granddad.&nbsp; I&#8217;d have loved you to be the first.&nbsp; The first to touch me, the first to see me, the first to have me.&nbsp; After you&#8217;d spanked me you&#8217;d find that I was still enjoying myself.&nbsp; You&#8217;d tell me off, but then you&#8217;d change.&nbsp; You&#8217;d make me lie down on the dirty floor of the store room, and you&#8217;d make me spread my legs wide for you.&nbsp; You&#8217;d be able to see everything, and I&#8217;d do anything you said, granddad.&nbsp; You&#8217;d make me lie there, and then you&#8217;d open my blouse and push my bra up over my breasts.&nbsp; You&#8217;d be able to see all of me, every little bit.&nbsp; And then you&#8217;d take your lovely, big, thick, stiff cock out of your trousers.&nbsp; I&#8217;d look at it, and I&#8217;d be afraid.&nbsp; &#8216;It&#8217;s too big granddad, it&#8217;ll hurt me&#8217; I&#8217;d cry.&nbsp; But you&#8217;d say &#8216;just lie still Alison, just do as you&#8217;re told&#8217;.&nbsp; And I would, granddad, I&#8217;d do just what you told me to do, I&#8217;d have to.&nbsp; And you&#8217;d spread my legs wider, then run your fingers along my slit.&nbsp; And you&#8217;d push your finger into my hot tunnel, and I&#8217;d be really wet, and you&#8217;d feel me squirming around as you felt my pussy.&nbsp; Then you&#8217;d put the tip of your big, stiff cock against the entrance to my pussy, and I&#8217;d cry out &#8216; don&#8217;t hurt me, granddad&#8217; and you&#8217;d drive into me, taking me for the first time.&nbsp; No one has ever had me before.&nbsp; You&#8217;re the first granddad.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll remember you for ever.

He grunted and then I felt him shoot his massive load deep into me.&nbsp; I felt spurt after spurt of his hot, sticky come shoot into me.&nbsp; Finally, he collapsed on top of me, gasping for breath.

After a moment or two he rolled off me.&nbsp; He lay on his back for a few seconds, then reached for his cigarettes. He lit one, blew a cloud of smoke towards the ceiling then said, What are you waiting for, a letter of thanks or something?

I looked at him quizzically.

I have to go to work now, and I&#8217;m not leaving you lying in bed like some lazy bitch.&nbsp; Get your kit on and bugger off.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll come and see you later, tonight maybe.

I was stunned!&nbsp; I&#8217;d just given the dirty old bastard probably the best shag of his life and now he was literally ordering me to leave.&nbsp; My flash of temper must have showed on my face, because he said, Although if you want to stay and have your arse smacked, I&#8217;m sure I can find time for that.&nbsp; Is that what you want?

No granddad.

Right, then get your fat arse out of my bed and bugger off.

I got out of bed and padded off to the living room to retrieve my clothing.&nbsp; I had just pulled on my knickers when he came into the room.&nbsp; He took hold of my arm and marched me to the door muttering, I don&#8217;t have time to wait around all day for a little tart like you, get out. Now!

And with that he dragged me out of the living room.&nbsp; I reached out and tried to&nbsp; grab my skirt and blouse but he was too quick.&nbsp; Before I knew it we were out on the landing and then heading down the stairs.&nbsp; We reached the front door, he opened it and threw me out, slamming it shut behind me.&nbsp; I stood in a state of shock for a moment or two, until I realised that I was standing on his door step, in the thin morning light, wearing only a thin pair of cotton knickers.

I heard the sound of whistles and cheers and looked around to se a group of maybe five or six men standing at a nearby bus stop.&nbsp; I covered my breasts with my arms and turned to bang on the door.&nbsp; No response.&nbsp; I called through his letter box, Granddad, please let me back in.&nbsp; Granddad, please, I don&#8217;t have any clothes on.&nbsp; Please don&#8217;t leave me out here granddad.

No answer.&nbsp; After a few moments I realised that the old bastard wasn&#8217;t going to come back and let me in.&nbsp; I looked around me, the group at the bus stop were still calling and whistling.&nbsp; One of them started to walk towards me, a big, swarthy man, grinning broadly.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t about to hang around to be his plaything, so I scampered back to the flat.

When I reached my own front door I had another seemingly endless wait while I tried to wake Alan.&nbsp; As I stood there, shivering, one arm across my breasts the other hand jammed on the door bell a van load of building workers passed by.&nbsp; More cheers and whistles, accompanied this time by a chorus of comments and invitations.

Did he throw you out then, darlin&#8217;?&nbsp; Come on over here, I&#8217;ll take care of you.

Is your pussy getting cold then, sweetheart?&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you let me warm it up for you?

Plenty of space in the back of the van, love.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you let the lads keep your tits nice and warm.&nbsp; Come on over, we&#8217;ve got time before work starts.

I bet you&#8217;ve got a nice juicy cunt in there.&nbsp; Come on over and let us all have a look.

Finally, an upstairs window opened and Alan&#8217;s head appeared.

What the fuck do you want?

What do you think I want, dickhead?&nbsp; I want to come in, open the bloody door!

Alan took his time, but finally opened the door, just as the driver of the builders van was opening his own door and getting out of the van.

I dived though the door, slamming it behind me, my heart racing.

What the fuck happened to you?

The old bastard threw me out.&nbsp; Like this.&nbsp; Wouldn&#8217;t even let me get my things.&nbsp; Bastard!&nbsp; I had to make my way back here in just my knickers.

Anyone see you?

I told him about the men at the bus stop, and the builders van.&nbsp; He giggled.

It&#8217;s not funny.&nbsp; I yelled.

Yes it is!&nbsp; You running through the streets in just your knickers, trying to keep your tits covered while all those &#8216;rough, common types&#8217; had a good look at you.&nbsp; Priceless!&nbsp; Maybe I should send you back out there, minus your knickers this time? Give them all a really good look?

No!&nbsp; Jesus Alan you wouldn&#8217;t do that.&nbsp; Please, don&#8217;t tease me, Alan.&nbsp; That would be too much.

He looked thoughtful, Ok, maybe some other time.&nbsp; What did the old bastard have you doing then?

I told him about having to clean the flat, then cooking his meal, then about the card night and the three other old men.

And they all had you?&nbsp; I bet that made you feel really dirty, didn&#8217;t it, being fondled and fucked by a bunch of geriatrics?

God, yes!&nbsp; I felt like a right slut.&nbsp; Nothing more than a piece of meat.

Then I told him about Leroy&#8217;s party, and the suggestion that I should be given to Leroy.

He looked fascinated.&nbsp; Fantastic!&nbsp; Imagine you being used by all those men.&nbsp; Have you ever even done it with a black man?

No.

You don&#8217;t like the idea, either, do you?

Not really.&nbsp; In the town where I grew up there were very few black people.&nbsp; Those that were there lived in the rough parts of the town.&nbsp; I was always being warned about going anywhere near them and my dad used to say to me &#8216;Don&#8217;t ever let me catch you with a black, right.&nbsp; If I ever see you with one of those people I&#8217;ll take the skin off your arse.&#8217;&nbsp; I never went anywhere near them.&nbsp; Once though, I was with some friends and we were driving though that part of the town and we stopped at some traffic lights.&nbsp; Al these black guys surrounded the car and started saying the most disgusting, filthy things to us.&nbsp; We were scared stupid, and ever since then I&#8217;ve avoided black people whenever I could.&nbsp; I just don&#8217;t like them. So the thought of being used by a whole load of them as a toy is a bit scary.

I think it would be good for you to do this.&nbsp; Imagine how cheap and dirty you&#8217;d feel.&nbsp; Just imagine being used by dozens of big, black guys.&nbsp; Having to do whatever they want, just to keep them happy.&nbsp; How good would that be?

I shuddered, then laughed out loud as I said, Ok.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do it.

I&#8217;ll phone the old man tonight.&nbsp; He can get it set up.&nbsp; Now, as you&#8217;ve woken me so early, and given me a hard-on by telling em about your evening with a bunch of dirty old me, I think you&#8217;d better give me a blow job before we have to get ready for work.

He sat down in a chair and opened his bathrobe to reveal his stiff cock.&nbsp; I quickly went to work on him, sucking and licking for all I was worth until he emptied his balls into my mouth.

As he left to get ready for work he patted me on the bottom and said, We need to hurry if we&#8217;re going to get the most out of you before you go back to John.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll speak to Neil and we&#8217;ll see if we can&#8217;t have some more fun with you, ok?

I grinned back at him, Fine by me.









Chapter 15.

After Alan left me I made my way to the bathroom and ran the shower.&nbsp; As I let the deliciously hot water run over me I closed my eyes and thought of the events of last night.&nbsp; I shuddered as I remembered stripping for the four lecherous old men, letting them examine every intimate inch of my body before I put on a show for them, masturbating for them and begging for permission to come.&nbsp; I remembered how they&#8217;d laughed and teased me, then how they&#8217;d used me, enjoyed me.

Then I thought about granddad.&nbsp; He seemed to have the uncanny ability to make me say out loud all those things I&#8217;d only ever thought to myself in the past.&nbsp; I found the way he humiliated me so thrilling.&nbsp; I amazed myself as I remembered how enthusiastic I&#8217;d been to please him, cleaning his flat, cooking for him, then doing my best to make him come in my mouth.&nbsp; I remembered how I&#8217;d lay back, spread my legs and played with myself for his amusement.&nbsp; Then I remembered the fantasy scene I&#8217;d created at his urging.

I shuddered again as I remembered fantasising about being a fourteen-year old girl again.&nbsp; Young, innocent and ready to be abused by him.&nbsp; I&#8217;d become so aroused at the thought of being abused as a child by him.&nbsp; And not just once, but twice, for I couldn&#8217;t deny I&#8217;d enjoyed the fantasy while he had me that morning.&nbsp; I shook my head in amazement.

I opened my eyes to see Alan standing there, watching me as I showered.&nbsp; He grinned at me and I smiled back.

Are you going to join me?&nbsp; I asked.

No, not today.&nbsp; What were you daydreaming of?&nbsp; You looked a million miles away.

Oh, it was nothing.

Tell me.

I sighed, then began to tell him about the fantasy.&nbsp; How I described the scene to granddad as I played with myself, and then later when he had me.&nbsp; I felt myself getting turned on again.&nbsp; My nipples began to stiffen despite the hot water running over them.&nbsp; Alan noticed this immediately, of course.

You&#8217;re getting hot about this, aren&#8217;t you?

I nodded.

Well what are you going to do about it? He laughed.

I smiled at him, then began to play with my breasts, cupping them, stroking them, circling my nipples with my fingers.&nbsp; I slipped a hand down to my shaven mound and began to tease my pussy lips.&nbsp; Then I spread them wide and brought my other hand down to stroke and tease my clit.&nbsp; I gasped as I realised how sensitive my hard little bud had become.

I looked up at Alan, who was enjoying the show.&nbsp; Carry on telling me about how you get abused as a schoolgirl.&nbsp; He said as he took a seat, watching me all the time.

I started to tell him, detailing the scene as I&#8217;d described it to granddad.&nbsp; I became more and more aroused as I stood under the warm water, playing with myself and describing my abuse at the hands of a dirty old man, while Alan sat and watched me.&nbsp; I felt my climax start and I sank to my knees in the shower, my gasps and moans echoing around the bathroom.

As I began to recover Alan turned off the water and held a towel out for me.&nbsp; I stepped from the shower and wrapped myself in the towel, then padded off to my bedroom.&nbsp; Alan followed and sat on my bed watching as I dried myself.

You&#8217;re incredible, you are.&nbsp; Just a few weeks ago you were a tight-arsed little feminist, now you&#8217;re the ultimate sex toy.&nbsp; Available to anyone, for anything at anytime &#8211; maybe we should call you Martini, you know, anytime, anyplace anywhere?! He laughed.

I laughed with him.&nbsp; That sounds like a glowing recommendation to me!

Is there anything you wouldn&#8217;t do, now? Anything at all?

Probably.&nbsp; I just can&#8217;t think what it might be right now!&nbsp; I know I&#8217;ve got less than three weeks to enjoy myself before I go back to being a normal, sensible woman again, so anything you can come up with I&#8217;m game for.

He sat and watched as I dressed for work, a dark blue skirt and matching silk blouse.&nbsp; Naturally, I wore no bra, and just simple white knickers beneath.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t bother with stockings.&nbsp; I slipped on a pair of shoes then turned to Alan and said, Will I do?

You&#8217;ll do for me.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s go.

We got in the car, it was my turn to drive.&nbsp; As we set off Alan said, Are you up for a little game?

What kind of game?

Every time you stop at a red traffic light you have to open a button on your blouse.&nbsp; You up for it?

I thought for a moment, then giggled.&nbsp; Ok, you&#8217;re on.&nbsp; I started to rack my brains, trying to think of the location of every set of traffic lights on our way to school.&nbsp; I thought I knew them all, and decided to take an alternative route, avoiding as many of them as possible.

I was starting to congratulate myself on outsmarting Alan, when I turned into a side street and came to an abrupt halt at a red light.

First button.&nbsp; Alan said cheerfully.&nbsp; I dutifully opened the topmost button on my blouse.&nbsp; After a moment or two the lights changed and I set off again.&nbsp; After the next turning I again came up to a set of lights on red.&nbsp; Alan watched happily as I opened the next button.&nbsp; I was now showing a lot more cleavage than I was used to doing.&nbsp; I started to wonder if I&#8217;d been wise to take Alan up on his suggestion.

My thoughts were cut short as I saw another set of lights in the distance.&nbsp; They were showing green and I put my foot down, trying to get though them before they changed.&nbsp; My luck ran out when I was about fifty yards from them, and I groaned as I watched them change to amber and then red.&nbsp; As I drew to a halt Alan turned to me and said smugly, That&#8217;s one more button to go, please.

I opened the button and looked down to see that my blouse was now open to below my breasts.&nbsp; I started to feel flustered as I realised that anyone looking in to the car would be able to see straight down my top.

We set off again and Alan made a show of looking closely, the said, I can see your tits from here, nipples and all.&nbsp; Very nice, very nice indeed!

Stop it!&nbsp; I hissed, You&#8217;ll put me off my driving.

Does this put you off then?&nbsp; He asked as he slipped his hand into my blouse and began to stroke his thumb over my nipple.

A jolt of pleasure ran through me.&nbsp; Christ Alan, pack it in, will you?&nbsp; I giggled.

He laughed to himself, then left me alone for the rest of the journey.&nbsp; I was acutely aware of my state of exposure, and tried to cover my breasts with my arm whenever anyone seemed to be looking at me.&nbsp; I felt myself starting to become aroused as I felt the breeze from the open car window start to play on my exposed nipples.

By the time we arrived at school I was well and truly turned on, and slightly disappointed that I hadn&#8217;t had to stop at any more traffic lights on the way!&nbsp; As I parked the car I remembered that the headmaster had told me to report to him for further punishment before school started.&nbsp; I mentioned this to Alan, before making my way to his office.

As I approached the door to the headmaster&#8217;s office, his secretary, Jean, called to me. Were you looking to see the head, Alison?

Yes, he told me to come and see him first thing this morning.

I&#8217;m afraid that won&#8217;t be possible, he slipped and broke his ankle during the weekend.&nbsp; He&#8217;ll be away for the rest of the term, I&#8217;m afraid.&nbsp; He did ask that you sort out some files for him and do some summaries, I&#8217;ve got the list here. I&#8217;ve arranged cover for you while you do it.&nbsp; I thought a couple of days would be enough, is that ok?

I looked at the list, Yes, of course, this is fine.&nbsp; Yes, two days should be enough, thanks Jean.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t believe my luck.&nbsp; The old goat was away for the rest of the term, I&#8217;d never have to see him again!&nbsp; I made my way to the staff room and made myself a coffee, then returned to the head&#8217;s office and started to sort through the files.&nbsp; I worked steadily, and before I knew it the end of school bell rang.&nbsp; I made my way to the car, where Alan was already waiting, looking well pleased with himself.

I&#8217;ve got the head of department job.&nbsp; I got a call at lunchtime from the head.&nbsp; Said he was sure I&#8217;d do a good job.&nbsp; Lots of work to do now though, I need to catch up with what&#8217;s been going on.&nbsp; Come on, I haven&#8217;t got all day!

We drove home in almost complete silence.&nbsp; As soon as we got back to the flat Alan disappeared to his own rooms and that was the last I saw of him.&nbsp; I spent the evening marking some books, then watched tv for a while then took myself off to bed.&nbsp; It was the first evening I&#8217;d had no sexual activity for weeks, and I felt distinctly odd as I got into bed.

I couldn&#8217;t sleep.&nbsp; After about an hour of tossing and turning I started to think of some of the things I&#8217;d done since that first night with Alan.&nbsp; In just a few moments I was extremely randy.&nbsp; I toyed with the idea of going up to Alan&#8217;s room and asking him to have me, but instead I started to play with my pussy, which was already sopping wet.&nbsp; I stroked and teased my stiff little clit until I climaxed.&nbsp; Only then could I get to sleep.&nbsp; 

The next day was almost identical.&nbsp; We drove to work in silence, Alan spending the entire journey reading reports.&nbsp; I went straight to the head&#8217;s office and carried on working until the end of school bell rang, we drove home in silence and I spent the evening alone before bringing myself off in bed again.

The following day we drove to work in silence again, Alan still immersed in his reports.&nbsp; When we reached school I handed in the finished reports and went back to teaching.&nbsp; The classes were completely normal.&nbsp; As the lunch bell rang the students filed out and I started to tidy the room.&nbsp; I heard the door open and looked &#8216;round to see Adam Stuart closing the door behind him.

Adam, what do you want?

Granddad said to come and say hello to you.&nbsp; He said you&#8217;d like it if I came and said hello to you, said you&#8217;d think it was friendly.&nbsp; Said you&#8217;d be friendly back.

I looked at this horrible boy with utter contempt.&nbsp; I hated him more than I could express, and wanted nothing more than to slap his smug face.

Well now you&#8217;ve said hello, you can go, can&#8217;t you?

That&#8217;s not very friendly, is it miss?&nbsp; Granddad said you&#8217;d be sure to be nice and friendly.&nbsp; Said you&#8217;d make me feel welcome.

His smug smile was a challenge.&nbsp; He was enjoying embarrassing me, I knew.&nbsp; I wanted to tell him to go to hell, but before I could he reached out and groped my breast.&nbsp; Granddad said you had a nice pair.&nbsp; He grinned.

I was too shocked to move for a moment or two.&nbsp; I just stood there, uncomprehending as this arrogant fifteen year-old boy pawed my breast.&nbsp; Then something snapped in me.&nbsp; I slapped him across the face as hard as I could.&nbsp; Get out! I yelled.&nbsp; For a moment the smile faded, then seemed to come back even more self-satisfied than before.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll be sorry you did that, bitch.&nbsp; He snarled before stamping out of the room, slamming the door behind him.&nbsp; I felt pleased with myself, I&#8217;d enjoyed giving him what I felt he deserved.

The rest of the day passed without incident, and I met Alan at the end of the day as usual.&nbsp; Am I going to see anything of you this evening, or are you going to be locked away with your reports again?&nbsp; I demanded.

In response he gave me a sharp smack to my bottom and through gritted teeth said, Don&#8217;t start to nag me.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll come to you when I want to, right?

I looked around hurriedly to see if anyone had seen my chastisement. There was no one around, and I quickly apologised to Alan, I&#8217;m sorry, I didn&#8217;t mean to nag you, it&#8217;s just that I&#8217;ve been alone for two nights on the trot now.&nbsp; I&#8217;m not used to it any more!&nbsp; I grinned at him and he smiled back, then said, Just get me home quick, I&#8217;ve got lots to do.

Another drive home in silence.&nbsp; Once again when we arrived back at the flat Alan disappeared upstairs.&nbsp; I stormed around the flat, slamming doors and generally making as much noise as possible.&nbsp; I sat alone, fuming for what seemed like hours, then decided I would make myself something to eat.&nbsp; It was while I was cooking that I heard the phone ring.&nbsp; Alan took the call before I could get to it, and after he&#8217;d hung up he came down to speak to me.

That was Tom Stuart on the phone.&nbsp; He&#8217;s as angry as hell with you, and he&#8217;s on the way over here.

What&#8217;s the matter with him?

Don&#8217;t play the innocent, you know perfectly well why he&#8217;s angry.

Alan, I promise you I don&#8217;t.

Tell me what happened at lunch time with Adam.

And with that I realised why granddad was so angry.&nbsp; I told Alan what had happened, how Adam had groped me, and how I&#8217;d slapped his face and told him to get out. I suppose I half expected Alan to back me up.&nbsp; Instead he was appalled.

You did what?&nbsp; He yelled. When did you become such a puritan?&nbsp; You&#8217;ve been fucked by every man you&#8217;ve spoken to for the last few weeks, and now you become virginal.&nbsp; Who the fuck do you think you are kidding Alison?

Alan, are you serious?&nbsp; He&#8217;s a fifteen year-old boy, who happens to be one of my students, and I can&#8217;t stand the little shit!

Who gives a fuck about that?&nbsp; Granddad, or whatever the hell you call him, sent Adam to you.&nbsp; It was your place to give the kid what he wanted, not humiliate him.

But it doesn&#8217;t matter if I&#8217;m humiliated, does it?

No it fucking doesn&#8217;t.&nbsp; You get off on that sort of thing, remember? You are supposed to oblige whenever and wherever, like Martini, right?

Alan, I can&#8217;t do this, not with him.&nbsp; God!&nbsp; He&#8217;s such an obnoxious little shit, honestly Alan, I just can&#8217;t do it.

Of course you can.&nbsp; This is what it&#8217;s all about.&nbsp; Having it off with a load of blokes is easy if you fancy them.&nbsp; Getting your arse smacked is easy if it doesn&#8217;t really matter who does it so long as they&#8217;re older than you.&nbsp; But this is real, proper humiliation, Alison.&nbsp; Imagine how it will feel when you have to submit to one of your students, and a particularly nasty one at that.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll be wanking yourself off about this for years, I tell you.

But Christ Alan, he&#8217;s fifteen.&nbsp; If anyone finds out, I could get sent to prison.

Who&#8217;s going to know?&nbsp; Oh he&#8217;ll tell his mates he&#8217;s had his teacher, but no one&#8217;s going to the police, I guarantee it.&nbsp; You just make sure the little bastard has a good time, in fact, you&#8217;d better make yourself available to him at all times from now on, got that?

I don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; I really don&#8217;t want to do this Alan.

The other morning I asked you if there was anything you absolutely would not do, and you couldn&#8217;t think of anything, remember?

Yes. I said, quietly.

So this is your next big event.&nbsp; Enjoy it, tight arse!&nbsp; 

Please Alan, don&#8217;t make me do this. I begged.&nbsp; Of course, he knew exactly what to say to put me on the spot.

I can&#8217;t make you do anything, can I?&nbsp; Not really.&nbsp; But if you want to imagine I can, then I&#8217;m telling you straight: Alison, you have to take that boy to bed, and while you&#8217;re at it, tell him you&#8217;re sorry for slapping his face like that.&nbsp; Tell him he can do what he likes to you, whenever he likes.&nbsp; Got that?&nbsp; And you better make it convincing, because if you don&#8217;t I&#8217;ll make your arse pay for it, understand?

I hung my head.&nbsp; This was what I needed to hear, to get me through this. Yes Alan. I mumbled.

Good.&nbsp; Now they&#8217;ll be here any minute. Go and put on something nice.&nbsp; And remember, any nonsense and I&#8217;ll smack your pretty arse.

Yes Alan.&nbsp; I scampered off to my bedroom to get ready.&nbsp; I looked at myself in the mirror.&nbsp; Could I really do this?&nbsp; It was one thing to be used and abused by Alan and his friends.&nbsp; Even letting granddad have his fun with me was exciting, but this was something else.&nbsp; I was about to let one of my fifteen year old students have his way with me.&nbsp; I was scared.&nbsp; I knew that it was against the law for an adult to have sex with a child, whether it was adult male, female child or the other way around. If this went wrong it would be more than a game.

The sudden raising of the stakes had an immediate effect on me.&nbsp; As I found when I changed my knickers for a fresh pair.&nbsp; I ran my fingertips over my slit, making sure I didn&#8217;t need to shave, and found that I was extremely wet.&nbsp; I dried myself as best I could, then put on a fresh pair of knickers.&nbsp; I started to wonder, how would a fifteen year-old boy imagine his teacher to dress after school?&nbsp; I decided on an outfit of T-shirt and jeans. Naturally, I wasn&#8217;t wearing a bra, and the adrenaline coursing through my veins made my nipples stand proud.&nbsp; I&#8217;d just finished getting ready when I the doorbell rang.&nbsp;&nbsp; I heard Alan going downstairs to answer it, and then I heard granddad&#8217;s voice as he walked up the stairs.&nbsp; He sounded angry, and I braced myself for what was to come.

I noticed that they all went into my living room instead of going up to Alan&#8217;s flat.&nbsp; I could hear then talking, but not what they were saying.&nbsp; Finally, my living room door opened and Alan called out, Alison, get in here.&nbsp; I knew if I went into that room there was no going back, I would end up being used and abused by Adam. I looked at myself again in the mirror and knew that I had to do this.&nbsp; I&#8217;d promised myself I&#8217;d do anything I could for the last three weeks of the game. Now I had to face Adam.

I took a deep breath.&nbsp; I knew this was going to be awful, but I also knew I&#8217;d be thrilled beyond belief by what was about to happen.&nbsp; I opened the bedroom door and made my way to the living room, where Alan, granddad and Adam waited for me.&nbsp; As I entered the room I saw Adam grin slyly, and granddad grinned too.

I looked at Alan.&nbsp; He was pretending to look stern.&nbsp; Alison, Adam tells me you slapped his face earlier today.&nbsp; Is this correct?

I decided to play angry, I thought it would make my eventual humiliation that bit sharper!&nbsp; Yes, I slapped his face.&nbsp; It was exactly what he deserved for what he did.

And what exactly was that?

He took advantage.&nbsp; Started to touch me in a most inappropriate way.&nbsp; I won&#8217;t have that behaviour from a student.&nbsp; He needs to know his place.&nbsp; I said haughtily.

But you struck a student, Alison. Don&#8217;t you know what that could lead to?&nbsp; You could be sent to prison.&nbsp; A teacher assaulting a student; that&#8217;s a serious matter. If Mr. Stuart here decided to press charges, it would reflect very badly on you, but extremely badly on the school.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sure the headmaster wouldn&#8217;t want the good reputation of the school to be threatened.

I tried to look contrite, concerned. Well yes, I&#8217;m sure the headmaster would want to preserve the good name of the school, but I&#8217;m sure he wouldn&#8217;t want his staff to have to suffer

I don&#8217;t think it is for you to assume what the headmaster would consider acceptable.&nbsp; I will decide in his absence what action needs to be taken here.&nbsp; Alison, I think an apology is in order.&nbsp; I think you should apologise to Adam, and perhaps that will remedy the situation.

I turned to face Adam. He grinned at me, like he knew he&#8217;d won.&nbsp; I played the part to the hilt, doing my best to look hesitant, defeated.

I&#8217;m sorry Adam, I apologise. I&#8217;m sorry I slapped your face.

I think you need to go a bit further than that, Alison.&nbsp; Alan urged.

I knew what I had to do.&nbsp; Adam, I&#8217;m so sorry I was so unfriendly.&nbsp; I&#8217;d really like to make it up to you.&nbsp; There&#8217;s no need for us to have a falling out over this, is there.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t we just make up and be friends?&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be really nice to you, I promise.&nbsp; What do you say? Friends?

He looked at me with disdain. Well, I don&#8217;t know. You made me feel pretty stupid this afternoon.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know if I&#8217;m ready to make friends.

Alan and granddad looked at me. I knew what to do next.

Adam, why don&#8217;t you come with me, and we&#8217;ll talk about this?&nbsp; I held out my hand, inviting him to take it. With a sneer he took hold of my hand, I had to exercise all my self-control to take it, when all my instincts were to shun him.

I lead him to my bedroom, closing the door behind us I tried my best to be seductive.&nbsp; I thought we might get to know each other a bit better in private. I murmured.&nbsp; He just stood there, looking at me.&nbsp; There&#8217;s no need for us to be enemies, surely I said.

I&#8217;m waiting to see what you have in mind.&nbsp; He said, his self confidence was staggering.&nbsp; He looked at me like he owned me.&nbsp; I knew he had won.&nbsp; He knew it too, of course. All that remained was my surrender.

Whatever you want.&nbsp; Was my simple reply.&nbsp; 

He grinned, a familiar, self-confident grin. God how I hated him!&nbsp; He reached out and began to fondle my breasts.&nbsp; I felt total revulsion at his touch.&nbsp; He ran his hands over my breasts, circling my nipples with his thumbnail.&nbsp; I felt them stiffen under his touch.

He chuckled to himself.&nbsp; Nice tits.&nbsp; Gramps said you had a nice pair.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t like me feelin&#8217; them do you?

I shook my head, my teeth gritted, not trusting myself to speak.

Too bad.&nbsp; If you&#8217;d just let me have a bit of a feel at lunchtime, I&#8217;d have gone away happy.&nbsp; As it is, you&#8217;re stuck here with me, and I can do what I like to you, can&#8217;t I?

I didn&#8217;t respond.&nbsp; He gripped my nipples and twisted them.&nbsp; I cried out in shock and pain, grasping his hands, trying to ease the torment of my breasts.

I said, I can do what I like to you, can&#8217;t I?&nbsp; He said.

Yes.&nbsp; I said quietly.

Say it.

I decided that this was the moment, it was time to make my humiliating submission.&nbsp; You&#8217;re right, you can do anything you like to me, Adam.&nbsp; Anything you want.&nbsp; I&#8217;m yours.&nbsp; Do what you want with me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I slapped your face and I know that was wrong.&nbsp; Now Alan, I mean Mr. Hughes, and granddad have told me that I must apologise to you, and make it up to you. You have every right to do whatever you want to me Adam, they&#8217;ve given you that right.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do whatever you say.&nbsp; I only want to please you.&nbsp; Tell me what you want me to do, and I&#8217;ll do it.&nbsp; I&#8217;m yours to command. I&#8217;ll do whatever it takes to make it up to you, to prove how sorry I am for what I did to you. 

He took a step back and looked me up and down.&nbsp; I felt so small, so insignificant as I stood there while this boy ran his eyes over me.

You didn&#8217;t like it when I felt your tits today, did you?

I shook my head, not wanting to speak.&nbsp; My whole body was trembling with shame and desire.

Why don&#8217;t you get them out now then?

I nodded, dumbly then pulled my T-shirt up over my head, exposing my breasts to his hungry gaze.&nbsp; I dropped it to the floor and stood there, topless for his amusement.&nbsp; He snickered, then reached out and started to run his fingers around my stiff nipples.&nbsp; I was on fire!&nbsp; I had never felt such shame and such desire.&nbsp; It was all I could do to stop myself from jumping on him.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

He squeezed and caressed my naked breasts, teasing my nipples, grinning all the time. Then he said, Why don&#8217;t you slip those jeans off, Alison?

His use of my first name was a deliberate provocation. No matter that he was in my bedroom and I was half-naked, he was still my student. His use of my first name was the final challenge.&nbsp; I nodded my assent and started to unfasten my jeans.&nbsp; He looked on, a mildly amused look on his face.&nbsp; I opened my jeans, then pushed them down to my knees, sitting on my bed I pulled them off.&nbsp; I stood up, now wearing only my plain white knickers.

He walked around me, taking in the view.&nbsp; Boring white knickers.&nbsp; I knew you&#8217;d wear something really boring. You&#8217;re a really boring kind of bitch, so it was predictable that you&#8217;d wear really boring knickers.&nbsp; God, you really are fuckin&#8217; dull aren&#8217;t you?

I felt totally humiliated as my student walked around me, looking me up and down.

Take them off, I want to have a good look at you.

I took a deep breath then pushed my knickers down over my hips and let them fall to the floor.&nbsp; I hung my head in shame as he took in the view.

Nice pussy!&nbsp; I&#8217;d never have thought you&#8217;d shave it.&nbsp; I always imagined you as a bush monster with a big hairy cunt.&nbsp; Nice to see you keep it nice and clean.&nbsp; Are you feeling really embarrassed, standing stark bollock naked in front of me?

I nodded.

Not so fucking smart now, are you?

He walked behind me, then he stroked my bottom.&nbsp; Nice arse.&nbsp; I always thought you had a nice arse. I never thought I&#8217;d get to feel it though.&nbsp; Do you like having your arse felt?

Sometimes.

How about your pussy?&nbsp; Do you like having your pussy felt?&nbsp; Or do you prefer to play with it yourself?&nbsp; Gramps tells me you don&#8217;t mind putting on a bit of a show.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you do a little bit now, to entertain me?

He smiled at me, enjoying my shame.&nbsp; I felt a thrill of fear run through me.&nbsp; He really did expect me to play with myself for his enjoyment, it never crossed his mind I might refuse, or even object in any way.&nbsp; I resigned myself to the worst and lay down on the bed.&nbsp; He positioned himself at the end of the bed and looked at me expectantly.&nbsp; Nervously I opened my thighs, slipped my hand down and started to play with my pussy.&nbsp; He snickered again as I pushed a finger into my slit.&nbsp; I felt a bolt of pure shame run though me as I felt the wetness there.

You dirty, stuck up bitch. Just to think, you thought yourself too good to have the likes of me play with your tits, now look at you.&nbsp; Legs spread wide, fingering yourself while I watch you.&nbsp; Not so high and fucking mighty now, are you.&nbsp; Are you enjoying yourself?&nbsp; Tell me how you like to play with your cunt, bitch.

This was becoming worse than I&#8217;d feared.&nbsp; I felt totally shamed and humiliated, but still I found it hugely exciting. 

I love to play with my cunt, Adam.&nbsp; It makes me so hot, and I love being watched while I do it.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll let anyone watch me while I play with my cunt.&nbsp; You can watch me any time.&nbsp; I owe it to you for being so nasty to you.&nbsp; Any time you like I&#8217;ll play with my cunt for you.&nbsp; Do you like to watch me, Adam?&nbsp; Would you like me to play with myself until I come?&nbsp; I will if you want me to, Adam.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do anything you want me to do.&nbsp; I&#8217;m only here to make you happy Adam.&nbsp; You and any other man, I&#8217;m just a toy for any man to play with.&nbsp; Tell me what you want me to do Adam, and I&#8217;ll do it.&nbsp; I&#8217;m so sorry I was unfriendly to you today.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll make it up to you, I promise.

He grinned at me, enjoying my total surrender to him.&nbsp; He watched me play with myself for a few minutes, then started to undress.&nbsp; He took off his T-shirt, then dropped his trousers and underwear.&nbsp; His stiff cock sprang loose as he undressed and I was surprised to see how well developed it was for a boy of his age.&nbsp; His cock must have been six inches long and was surrounded by a thin nest of light brown hair.&nbsp; He climbed onto the bed and positioned himself between my thighs. Then he lay on top of me, pushing his erect member into my crotch.

I reached down and stroked his cock, then positioned it at the entrance to my pussy.&nbsp; I looked up at him and he grinned at me again before driving his cock deep into me.&nbsp; He ploughed into me, taking me eagerly, ramming his hard cock into me rapidly.&nbsp; I stroked his bottom, feeling his hips rise and fall as he had me.&nbsp; Then he started to come, shouting out &#8216;bitch, bitch, bitch&#8217; as he did so.&nbsp; I felt him shoot his semen into me, then he collapsed on top of me, gasping for breath.

After a few moments he rolled off me and lay gasping beside me, his cock softening as he did so.

Go and get me my fags from my coat pocket.&nbsp; He ordered.

I&#8217;d rather you didn&#8217;t smoke.&nbsp; I said.

Who gives a fuck what you&#8217;d rather?&nbsp; Go and get me my fags, and be quick about it.

I got up from the bed and reached for my bathrobe.

Never mind about the bathrobe. Get out there and get me my fags.&nbsp; Now!

I left the bedroom and made my way to the living room stark naked.&nbsp; As I opened the door I could see Alan and granddad, sitting chatting together, both of them drinking a beer.&nbsp; They both began to laugh as I entered the room. Granddad looked pleased.

Is he giving you a good ride then?

What are you doing in here Alison?&nbsp; I told you to make Adam happy. Alan scowled at me.

I&#8217;m doing my best.&nbsp; He wants his cigarettes.&nbsp; I was just fetching them for him.

I found his coat, then retrieved his cigarettes. I picked up an ashtray, then returned to the bedroom, where Adam was still stretched out on my bed, naked. 

Here are your cigarettes Adam.&nbsp; I said pathetically, offering them to him.&nbsp; He took them without comment, took one out of the packet and lit it, blowing a huge cloud of smoke into the air.

I stood awkwardly, not knowing what to do.&nbsp; He lay back on my bed smoking, blowing the smoke up towards the ceiling.&nbsp; Whose idea was it to shave your twat?

Alan&#8217;s, er, I mean, Mr. Hughes&#8217;.

He fucking you as well as gramps then?

I nodded.

Anyone else?

A few of Alan&#8217;s, I mean Mr. Hughes&#8217; friends.

You&#8217;re a right little slut, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Bit of a surprise really, cos you always look like the rest of the world is beneath you, like you wouldn&#8217;t think they were worthy enough to lick your shoes.&nbsp; And all the time you&#8217;re just a big, randy slut with a baldy twat.&nbsp; Funny that, don&#8217;t you think?

I didn&#8217;t answer.

You&#8217;ve got a nice body though, I&#8217;ll give you that.&nbsp; Nice tits and a tight little arse, and your cunt is good and tight too.&nbsp; Yeah, not bad at all.

You don&#8217;t say much, do you?&nbsp; That&#8217;s just as well I suppose.&nbsp; Who wants to listen to a posh bird like you ranting on about nothing worth listening to?&nbsp; Not me, that&#8217;s for sure.&nbsp; I hear enough from you in the classroom.&nbsp; Just think, from now on, every time I&#8217;m in one of your classes, I&#8217;ll be picturing you like you are now.&nbsp; With your kit off, your tits out and your bald little cunt on show.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll even imagine your tight little arse as you walk up and down the class.&nbsp; Won&#8217;t that be fun?&nbsp; You going on about Shakespeare and all that, and me just looking at you and picturing your cunt all naked and bald, or imagining your tits jiggling away as you write on the blackboard.&nbsp; I think I might even get to like your lessons.&nbsp; Maybe I&#8217;ll ask for extra tuition from you!

He lit another cigarette, flicking ash onto the carpet.&nbsp; I knew he was goading me, trying to get a reaction.&nbsp; I was determined not to let him win. You can suck my dick while you&#8217;re doing nothing.&nbsp; He laughed.

I climbed between his legs and began to kiss and lick his cock.&nbsp; It twitched in response then began to stiffen.&nbsp; I stroked his balls, watching as his scrotum tightened, then I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck and lick for all I was worth.&nbsp; In no time at all his cock was fully erect and stiff in my mouth.

It&#8217;s funny to think of you as my teacher, especially now I&#8217;ve fucked you.&nbsp; I mean, here you are, sucking my dick, and I&#8217;m supposed to call you &#8216;miss&#8217; all the time.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t really do that any more, can I?&nbsp; Now I&#8217;ve seen you with your kit off, and you&#8217;ve sucked my dick.&nbsp; How can I call you &#8216;miss&#8217; now?&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you think?

I let his cock slip from my mouth.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know Adam.&nbsp; It&#8217;s up to you.&nbsp; Call me what you like, I&#8217;ll do whatever you want me to do, and answer to whatever you call me.&nbsp; I took his cock into my mouth again.&nbsp; I was thoroughly enjoying myself, debasing myself for my student.

I&#8217;m going to come in your mouth in a minute, and you&#8217;re going to swallow it all, right?

I nodded, keeping his cock in my mouth.&nbsp; Suddenly he grabbed my head, forcing me down onto his cock as he started to shoot into my mouth.&nbsp; I began to cough and splutter as his semen hit the back of my throat, but he kept a tight hold on my head, forcing me to swallow all of it.&nbsp; When he finally finished shooting his load into my mouth he sighed, then lay back on the bed and started to laugh.

What&#8217;s so funny?&nbsp; I demanded.

Just you.&nbsp; The tight arsed teacher with no sense of humour. The miserable bitch who looked down her nose at all of us, and here you are, stark bollock naked sucking my dick &#8216;till I shoot my load down your throat, and you love it, don&#8217;t you?

I had never felt so shamed, so cheap, so humiliated.&nbsp; I loved every moment of it and revelled in my disgrace.&nbsp; I played the part to the limit.&nbsp; I looked at Adam from under my eyelashes, my little girl look.&nbsp; You won&#8217;t tell anyone, Adam, will you?&nbsp; Please don&#8217;t tell anyone, I couldn&#8217;t bear it if anyone found out.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sorry I was unfriendly, I won&#8217;t be like that any more, you&#8217;ll see.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be ever so friendly from now on, Adam, really I will.&nbsp; Only please don&#8217;t tell anyone at school about this.&nbsp; It can be our secret.&nbsp; You can come and have me any time you like, any time at all, I&#8217;ll do whatever you want, I promise.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be ever so friendly, and I&#8217;ll make you ever so happy, Adam.&nbsp; Only please, don&#8217;t tell anyone else at school Adam, please.&nbsp; I beg you.

Maybe I will, maybe I won&#8217;t.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll have to wait and see, won&#8217;t you.&nbsp; He laughed again, enjoying my distress, revelling in my discomfort.&nbsp; He got up from the bed and started to dress.&nbsp; I took this as a signal to do the same, but he said, I wouldn&#8217;t bother if I were you.&nbsp; Gramps wants to teach you a lesson.&nbsp; Another laugh, then he walked from my bedroom whistling happily.

I followed him into the living room where Alan and granddad still waited.&nbsp; They both smiled as I walked into the room naked.

Glad to see you know your place.&nbsp; Granddad chuckled.&nbsp; Now, young lady, I&#8217;ve a job for you.&nbsp; I want you to go to Alan and ask him to lend you one of his slippers. Can you do that?

I looked at him as he smiled at me, then glanced at Adam who smirked back.&nbsp; Oh no, please granddad, not that, please.&nbsp; Please, I&#8217;ve said I&#8217;m sorry to Adam.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve done my best to make it up to him please granddad, don&#8217;t do that to me, please.

You&#8217;re only delaying the inevitable, my girl.&nbsp; You need to be taught a lesson.&nbsp; You can&#8217;t go around slapping members of my family, simply because they decide to have a feel of your tits.&nbsp; That&#8217;s what they&#8217;re there for, you stupid girl.&nbsp; You&#8217;ve no right to complain if a man wants to have a feel of them.&nbsp; You need to understand that you are a toy.&nbsp; A toy to be played with by any man who wants to.&nbsp; That includes my grandsons.&nbsp; Now go and ask Alan if you can borrow his slipper, and stop being so silly.

I shuffled over to Alan, stood in front of him and said in a low voice, Can I borrow one of your slippers please, Alan?

Certainly Alison. He said, hugely amused. 

I took the slipper from him and shuffled back to stand in front of granddad.

Here is the slipper, granddad. I mumbled.&nbsp; I heard Adam laugh.

You&#8217;d better get over my knee then, hadn&#8217;t you?

Yes granddad.&nbsp; I positioned myself over his knee, my bare bottom high in the air.&nbsp; He began to smack me with the slipper. I yelped with each blow, then he said to me, Repeat after each blow, any man can feel my tits.&nbsp; Say it.

Any man can feel my tits.&nbsp; Owww! Any man can feel my tits.&nbsp; Ouch!&nbsp; Any man can feel my tits.&nbsp; Oh God!&nbsp; Any man can feel my tits.

 He carried on beating my bare bottom for many minutes. By the time he stopped I was sobbing, red faced, breathless, and crying out Any man can feel my tits with such feeling that there could be no doubt that I meant it.

Right.&nbsp; Now I think you&#8217;ve got the message.&nbsp; Stand up.&nbsp; I stood, rubbing my stinging bum, not caring that Adam or Alan were watching.&nbsp; He held out the slipper to me, Take this to Adam and ask him to punish you for being so rude to him.

I swallowed hard, then took the slipper and walked slowly over to Adam, who was grinning all over his face.&nbsp; I stood in front of him and said, I&#8217;m sorry I was so rude to you Adam.&nbsp; Would you please punish my bottom to teach me a lesson.

He started to laugh, then took the slipper and stood up.&nbsp; Right then, bend over.

I bent over, presenting my bare, stinging bottom to the amused fifteen year-old.&nbsp; He began to smack my bottom with the slipper, giggling as I gasped and groaned with each stroke.&nbsp; After maybe twenty blows he stopped, still laughing, saying, I think that&#8217;ll do for now.

Did you know your teacher has a thing for having her arse smacked, Adam?&nbsp; She loves it, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; It gets her all wet and slippery, isn&#8217;t that right, Alison?&nbsp; Well, tell the lad how you like to have your arse spanked.&nbsp; Go on, tell him, before I give you some more.

I felt my face burn with shame.&nbsp; I like to have my bottom spanked.&nbsp; I mumbled.

Louder!&nbsp; Say it louder, so we can all hear you.

I like to have my bottom spanked.&nbsp; It turns me on.&nbsp;&nbsp; I said loudly.

Is your pussy getting wet?

Yes.

Say it louder.&nbsp; Tell us all what a randy little bitch you are.

I love to have my bottom spanked.&nbsp; It turns me on and I get really hot.&nbsp; My pussy is getting wet.

Adam laughed loudly.&nbsp; I felt myself blushing again.

Well why don&#8217;t you play with it then.&nbsp; Give it a little fiddle, show us what you rude little girlies get up to.&nbsp; Tell us all about how you wish you&#8217;d met me when you were younger.

I lay down on the floor in front of all of them and spread my legs wide, then started to stroke my clit.&nbsp; It was deliciously sensitive and my touch sent tiny electric jolts of pleasure through me.&nbsp; I cupped my breasts, teasing my nipples.&nbsp; I sucked my fingers into my mouth, tasting my own juices.

Oh God.&nbsp; I love doing this for you.&nbsp; I feel so sexy when I do this, when I&#8217;m completely exposed and someone is watching me.

Tell us about your fantasy.

I imagine I&#8217;m fourteen.&nbsp; I have to go to your store every day after school.&nbsp; You touch me all the time, teasing me, touching my bottom, my breasts.&nbsp; You make me sit on your lap and you put your hand up my skirt.&nbsp; You feel my pussy, then you put your hand inside my knickers.&nbsp; You play with my pussy, stroking the lips, rubbing my clit until I&#8217;m so hot and turned on.&nbsp; You open my blouse and put your hand inside, feeling my breasts, pinching the nipples.&nbsp; Then you make me stand up.&nbsp; You tell me off for being so rude and naughty.&nbsp; You pull my knickers down and make me go over your knee, then you spank my bare bottom.&nbsp; You can see my pussy, it&#8217;s open for you, and you touch it and find that I&#8217;m really turned on.&nbsp; Then you make me lie down on the floor, and you spread my legs wide so you can see everything, and you open my blouse and push my bra up, and my breasts are exposed for you to see.&nbsp; And then you take me.&nbsp; You drive your big, hard cock right up my pussy, and you keep on pushing it into me until you come, and I feel your come shooting up inside me.&nbsp; And then I have to get dressed and leave, but I know I&#8217;ll have to come back again the next day, and the next, and the next, ohhhhh yesssss!

I writhed around on the floor as I climaxed, clamping my legs together on my hand as my orgasm broke over me.&nbsp; As the waves subsided I curled into a ball.&nbsp; When I opened my eyes the first thing I saw was Adam grinning at me.

See what I mean Adam? Hot little bitch can&#8217;t get enough of it.

Fuck!, gramps, I wouldn&#8217;t have believed it.&nbsp; Fuck!, she loves this stuff, doesn&#8217;t she?&nbsp; Wait &#8216;till the lads at school hear about this!

I looked at Adam, my face pleading with him not to share this with his friends.&nbsp; I knew it was a lost cause.&nbsp; As soon as Adam got into school I knew he&#8217;d be telling everyone about how he got to screw Miss Richards.&nbsp; Within hours everyone would know.&nbsp; The shame would be unbearable.

Go and get some olive oil.&nbsp; Granddad ordered.&nbsp; I went off to the kitchen and returned with a bottle.&nbsp; I handed it to him.

Down on your hands and knees.

I obeyed.&nbsp; Then I felt him pouring the oil onto my puckered little hole, then he began to rub it in, spreading my hole as he did so.&nbsp; I felt his cock nudging at my back door, and then he was pushing into me.&nbsp; I heard him grunting with each stroke.&nbsp; I glanced over at Adam and saw him watching, fascinated as his grandfather buried his cock in my bowels.&nbsp; Then he moved over and lay down in front of me, opening his trousers as he did so.&nbsp; I bent over and started to suck his cock as granddad continued to push into my bottom.&nbsp; Adam&#8217;s cock quickly became erect and I wrapped my hand around it and began to wank him into my mouth. He groaned and started to thrust his hips up, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth.&nbsp; I felt granddad shudder then start to empty his seen into my bowels.&nbsp; At the same moment Adam started to come, shooting his load into my mouth.&nbsp; I swallowed all of his come and kept his cock in my mouth as it started to soften.&nbsp; Then I let him go and stood up as I felt granddad&#8217;s cock slip from my bottom.

They both stood up, fastening their trousers as they did so.&nbsp; Adam looked at me and grinned his sly grin, conveying his contempt effectively.&nbsp; I stood, naked, in my own living room as he looked at me, weighing me up and finding me almost useless.&nbsp; He walked past me as he left the room and reached out to slap my bottom.&nbsp; Nice one Alison.&nbsp; See you at school tomorrow.&nbsp; His laughter echoed around the room as he left.&nbsp; Granddad sniggered as he left, turning to me and saying, That&#8217;s taught you a lesson, hasn&#8217;t it?&nbsp; Then he turned to Alan and said, Tomorrow night then?

About seven thirty. Alan nodded.

I stood in the middle of my living room until I heard the door of the flat close behind them, then I turned to Alan, What was that about tomorrow night?

Tom&#8217;s taking you for your audition for Leroy&#8217;s party.

Another jolt of fear ran through me.&nbsp; I was going to audition to become a sex toy for a group of black men.&nbsp; But before then I had to get through a day at school, with Adam and all his friends sniggering about me, making remarks about my body, listening as he related the story of how I stripped for him, then played with my pussy, telling him I&#8217;d do anything for him, of how he had me, then made me suck him off while he lay on my bed and smoked. Then he&#8217;d tell them all how I was spanked by granddad, and then Adam himself.&nbsp; He&#8217;d tell them all about how granddad took my back door while I sucked him off again.&nbsp; Oh yes, he&#8217;d tell them all, every sordid little detail.&nbsp; By lunchtime every boy in the school would know about my shaven slit.&nbsp; I shuddered.&nbsp; That little bastard is going to make my life a misery from now on.&nbsp; God help me.&nbsp; Alan just laughed, You&#8217;ll love it, don&#8217;t worry.&nbsp; Anyway, you said you wanted some action this evening.&nbsp; Now you&#8217;ve had some.&nbsp; Happy?

Oh sure.&nbsp; I&#8217;m over the moon.

Well, after all that I could do with a blow-job.&nbsp; Come and do the honours will you?

I immediately went and knelt between his thighs, opened his trousers and brought his semi-erect cock out.&nbsp; I began to wank and kiss it, feeling it stiffen in my hand.&nbsp; In moments his cock was stiff and throbbing.&nbsp; I took it into my mouth and started to suck and lick it in the way I knew he liked.&nbsp; He sighed contentedly and gently stroked my hair as I bobbed and sucked away at him.&nbsp; I stroked his balls, using the tips of my fingers in tiny circles.&nbsp; I felt the skin of his scrotum tighten and he groaned softly.&nbsp; I knew he was starting to build to a climax.&nbsp; I felt his cock stiffen still further, and then with a twitch he was shooting his come into my mouth.&nbsp; I gripped his cock tightly and sucked hard on his glans.&nbsp; I swallowed all of his come, not taking his cock from my mouth until he had finished shooting into me.&nbsp; God! I loved the taste of his come!

As I lovingly put his cock back inside his trousers and gently fastened them up again he patted me on the head and said, Good girl!&nbsp; You do it like that at your audition tomorrow and you&#8217;re sure to be accepted.

I looked up at him and smiled nervously.&nbsp; I still don&#8217;t know about this party thing.&nbsp; I confessed, The whole idea is a bit scary, really.&nbsp; I mean, just being there as a toy for a whole load of black men to use, not knowing anyone there.&nbsp; It&#8217;s a bit daunting, you know.

You&#8217;ll be fine.&nbsp; Besides, just think of it like this, whatever you do there, no one will know you, and you&#8217;ll never see them again afterwards, so there&#8217;s nothing to be afraid of, is there?&nbsp; And anyway, I spoke to Tom earlier, and he says it&#8217;s usually just a lot of sucking and fucking.&nbsp; Nothing weird, and nothing you can&#8217;t handle, ok?

I suppose so.&nbsp; Like I said, I&#8217;ve only got a few more days of this left, so I&#8217;m going to go for it!

Alan went off to do more work and I went and showered.&nbsp; I thought of Adam as I washed the smell of him off me and shuddered.&nbsp; There was no way the little bugger was going to miss the opportunity to humiliate me.&nbsp; I just wondered how soon it would start.

I didn&#8217;t have to wait long.&nbsp; As I entered school the following morning Adam was standing with a group of other boys near the doorway.&nbsp; He grinned at me as he saw me approaching, &#8217;Morning miss.&nbsp; He said cheerfully.

Morning.&nbsp; I muttered as I hurried past him.&nbsp; There was a burst of laughter from the group.&nbsp; I took my first class of the day and as the students filed out at morning break Adam pushed his way past the last of them and into the classroom.&nbsp; He waited for the last of them to leave, then closed the door.

Hi Alison.&nbsp; How are you today.

I&#8217;m fine, Adam, but don&#8217;t call me Alison here.&nbsp; It&#8217;s Miss Richards to you, right?

He sauntered casually over to me,&nbsp; Call you what I fuckin&#8217; like, can&#8217;t I?&nbsp; There&#8217;s nothing you can do about it, is there?&nbsp; He reached out and began to maul my left breast.

I felt myself going red.&nbsp; Adam, not here.&nbsp; Someone might see.&nbsp; I hissed.

Shut up.&nbsp; He said simply, and carried on mauling.&nbsp; How come you don&#8217;t wear a bra any more?

I just prefer it this way.

No way!&nbsp; That&#8217;s not you at all.&nbsp; I reckon Alan Hughes has got something to do with it.&nbsp; Is that right?&nbsp; Tell me.

Yes. OK.&nbsp; Mr. Hughes does like me this way, satisfied?

Not yet.&nbsp; Show me your knickers.

What?&nbsp; No, Adam I can&#8217;t do that here!

Show me your knickers. Now!&nbsp; He shouted.

Alright!&nbsp; Alright, I&#8217;ll do it, only please keep your voice down. It won&#8217;t do either of us any good if someone comes in, will it?

Fair enough.&nbsp; Just get on with it.

I swallowed nervously, then lifted my skirt.&nbsp; He stood back and took in the view, smiling to himself.&nbsp; Still wearing boring white ones.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you wear something sexy tomorrow?

I didn&#8217;t answer.&nbsp; He stepped forward and ran his hand up the inside of my thigh.&nbsp; I cringed at his touch.&nbsp; He pushed my thighs apart then ran his fingers along my slit, rubbing my knickers into my folds.&nbsp; I felt my clit start to stiffen in response.&nbsp; He sniggered.&nbsp; You fuckin&#8217; love having your cunt played with, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; He ran his thumb along my slit, lingering on my clit, laughing as I groaned.&nbsp; Gramps said you were something else, now I know what he meant.

He slid his hand under the waistband of my knickers and pushed it down between my legs.&nbsp; Then he pushed a finger between my pussy lips, rubbing from my tunnel to my clit.&nbsp; He ran his other hand over my breasts, pinching my nipples.&nbsp; I felt myself becoming aroused.&nbsp; 

He pushed two fingers into my pussy, I gasped, I could feel how wet I was becoming.&nbsp; He opened a couple of buttons on my blouse and slipped his hand inside, groping my breasts.&nbsp; He chuckled to himself.

Nice. Very nice indeed.&nbsp; Wait here for me at lunchtime, right?&nbsp; And keep your pussy nice and wet for me, &#8216;cos I&#8217;m going to fuck it ok?

I felt waves of shame wash over me.&nbsp; I was standing in my class room, holding my skirt &#8216;round my waist while a fifteen year-old boy played with my pussy and breasts and told me casually that he would be back in an hour to have me.&nbsp; I almost came!

Adam abruptly pulled his hands out of my knickers and blouse and stood back, leaving me standing there still holding my skirt up for him.

You can put it away for now, Alison.&nbsp; He sneered, But remember, I&#8217;ll be back at lunch time, so make sure you&#8217;re here, ok?

I hurriedly dropped my skirt and smoothed it back into place, I couldn&#8217;t look him in the eyes, I just nodded.&nbsp; He turned and casually walked out of the room, leaving the door open as he did so.&nbsp; I collapsed into my chair, my entire body shaking with a mixture of shame and excitement.

I could hardly concentrate on my next class.&nbsp; I kept looking at my watch, waiting for lunchtime with a mixture of dread and longing.&nbsp; I was incredibly aroused, and the gentle touch of the cotton of my blouse against my stiff nipples was driving me crazy!&nbsp; Every time I moved tingles of pleasure ran from my breasts, I could feel the dampness of my knickers.

Time seemed to go so slowly, I kept looking at my watch, then the classroom clock.&nbsp; The lesson seemed to go on for ever.&nbsp; And then there were just five minutes to go.&nbsp; Then four, I told the class to finish their work and start packing away.&nbsp; Three minutes to go.&nbsp; I started to clean the black board, feeling the cotton stroke my nipples again.&nbsp; Two minutes.&nbsp; The lunch bell rang a minute or so early.&nbsp; The class stood up and started to file out.&nbsp; I sat down to wait, then stood again.&nbsp; I couldn&#8217;t settle.&nbsp; I looked around nervously, trying to work out where was the most 'private' part of the room.&nbsp; One side of the class was made of windows.&nbsp; We were on the first floor, so no one would be looking in.&nbsp; The door had a small, round window in it.&nbsp; I guessed that so long as we were nowhere near it no one looking in would see anything.

The door swung open.&nbsp; I felt my heart racing. Instead of Adam, a third year boy called Kenneth came in, Miss, can I do my homework in here please?

No Kenneth!&nbsp; I snapped, I need to do some work in here over lunch.

But I&#8217;ll be very quiet, miss. I need to get my project finished for Mrs. Roberts.&nbsp; I have to hand it in this afternoon.&nbsp; Please miss?

Kenneth, I said &#8216;no&#8217;, now run along.&nbsp; I said sharply.&nbsp; My nerves were shredded now.&nbsp; He picked up his bags and moved towards the door sulkily, taking an age to leave.&nbsp; I almost screamed at him, but finally he left, closing the door behind him.

I stood waiting.&nbsp; I flinched as I heard footsteps approaching, and sighed with relief as they faded again.&nbsp; I began to pace the classroom.&nbsp; I looked at my watch, five minutes had gone, where was he?&nbsp; I went out onto the staircase to see if he was approaching, there was no sign of him.&nbsp; I went back into my room.

I sat down and tried to calm my nerves.&nbsp; What if he didn&#8217;t come?, I wondered.&nbsp; I was so aroused I thought about going to the toilets and relieving myself.&nbsp; Then I thought if I wasn&#8217;t here when he arrived what would he do?&nbsp; I was lost in an agony of possibilities.&nbsp; So much so I didn&#8217;t hear the door open.

Glad to see you do as you&#8217;re told.&nbsp; I turned to look at him.&nbsp; He had the familiar, mocking smile on his face, Didn&#8217;t keep you waiting too long, did I?&nbsp; I had a bite to eat first.&nbsp; Got to keep my strength up, haven&#8217;t I?&nbsp; You ready then?

Yes, er I mean, no, I mean Adam, we can&#8217;t do this here, it&#8217;s too dangerous, someone might see.

No one&#8217;s going to see anything.&nbsp; He laughed, sauntering over to me.&nbsp; He began to fondle my breasts with both hands.&nbsp; Have you still got your knickers on?&nbsp; 

I, er, look, Adam.&nbsp; Please, can&#8217;t we talk about this?

You have, haven&#8217;t you.&nbsp; I must say I&#8217;m disappointed in you, Alison.&nbsp; He said mocking the tone of the headmaster, I told you over an hour ago that I would be back to fuck you.&nbsp; I expected you to be ready.&nbsp; That means knickers off, doesn&#8217;t it?

Adam, please, don&#8217;t. I can&#8217;t.&nbsp; I just can&#8217;t.
 
He picked up a textbook, which lay on my desk, reading the cover casually, before dropping it back onto the varnished surface. Take your knickers off.&nbsp; He said, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

Please Adam, no.&nbsp; Please don&#8217;t.

If you don&#8217;t do as your told me and gramps will be back &#8216;round to your place tonight, and he&#8217;ll have the skin off your arse!&nbsp; He was opening the buttons on my blouse, his fingers so sure, so confident.&nbsp; I was shaking so much I&#8217;d have been hard put to do them myself.&nbsp; He opened the final one, then pulled my blouse open with a flourish.&nbsp; He grinned lecherously at my exposed breasts, then ducked his head and sucked my right nipple into his mouth.

I gasped with pleasure and started to pant.&nbsp; Hot sparks of pleasure shot through me as I watched him sucking my breast.&nbsp; His hand started to climb up my leg, pushing my skirt up as it did so.

No Adam, please don&#8217;t do that. I begged.

He stood back and looked at me.&nbsp; Take your knickers off.&nbsp; He repeated.

Look, Adam, let&#8217;s do it later, hey?&nbsp; You can come to my flat again, we&#8217;ll do it in my bedroom, where it&#8217;s more comfortable, yes?

Oh I&#8217;ll come to your flat again, don&#8217;t worry about that.&nbsp; But right now I want you to take your knickers off.&nbsp; Come on, I haven&#8217;t got all day.&nbsp; Remember, if you don&#8217;t do as you&#8217;re told gramps will not be happy with you!

I was torn between dread and desire.&nbsp; I hesitated for a moment, then gave in!&nbsp; I reached under my skirt and began to pull my knickers down.&nbsp; He smiled as he watched me, About fuckin&#8217; time too.

I let my knickers drop to the floor, then bent down and picked them up. 

Give them to me.&nbsp; I handed them to him.&nbsp; He sniffed at them and sniggered.&nbsp; You are getting randy, aren&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Get my dick out and give it a suck, just to get it hard, then I&#8217;ll fuck you.

I knelt at his feet then began to open his trousers.&nbsp; I dragged them down and took his flaccid cock in my hand.&nbsp; I started to wank him and he responded at once, his cock growing in my hand.&nbsp; I kissed his balls then pulled his foreskin back licking and sucking his sensitive glans.

Get over the desk.&nbsp; He barked.&nbsp; I bent over my desk at the front of the class and he started to lift my skirt.&nbsp; In a moment I was exposed to him. He pushed my legs apart and grunted with satisfaction.&nbsp; I felt his fingers start to explore my folds, pulling the lips apart, rubbing my clit roughly, making me yelp.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then he placed his cock at the entrance to my pussy and pushed it in slowly.&nbsp; I shuddered and groaned as I felt it going deeper and deeper.&nbsp; And then he began to pump into me, using strong, rhythmic strokes.&nbsp; His hands gripped my hips, pulling me on to him. I started to push back at him and he grunted again.&nbsp; He reached under me and began to maul and pinch my sensitive breasts, making me gasp and whimper.&nbsp; I reached back between my legs and began to stroke his balls as he pushed into me.&nbsp; I could feel his breath on the back of my neck.&nbsp; His speed increased, he was driving into me urgently.&nbsp; He gripped my hips again, tightly, pinching my skin, and then he came in me.&nbsp; He drove into me as deeply as he could, I heard him groan then felt him shooting into my hot tunnel, his weight fell on me, forcing me down, pressing my breasts into the polished wood of my desk.&nbsp; His urgency took me over the edge and I started to come.&nbsp; I tried to hide it from him, not wanting him to think he could do that to me, but I heard him laugh as my orgasm shook my body.&nbsp; Hot little bitch.&nbsp; He chuckled.

As soon as he had finished he pulled out of me and pulled up his trousers. I stood up from the desk, my legs still a little shaky from my climax.&nbsp; I smoothed my skirt back into place and started to fasten my blouse. 

See you later then, Alison. He said cheerfully, and gave my bottom a playful squeeze, then he walked out of the classroom whistling.

I finished dressing then looked around for my knickers.&nbsp; It was then I realised the bastard had taken them.&nbsp; I made my way to the toilet, where I cleaned up as best I could, checked in the mirror to make sure my clothing was back in place and re-applied my make-up.&nbsp; As I made my way back to the classroom I saw Adam standing alone, watching me, smiling.&nbsp; I went over to him.

Adam, give them back.&nbsp; I said quietly.

Give what back?

You know what.&nbsp; Give them back.

Ask me nicely.

Adam, please give them back.

Ask me properly.

Adam, may I please have my knickers back?

Certainly Alison.&nbsp; He grinned, and pulled them from his blazer pocket, dangling them in front of me. I snatched them from him.

What do you say? He sneered.

Thank you, Adam.&nbsp; I snapped.&nbsp; I hurried back to my classroom, slamming the door behind me, then pulled on my knickers.&nbsp; At that moment the bell rang to signal the end of lunch break.&nbsp; I drew a deep breath as my next class of students started to file in to the classroom.

I went through the lesson on auto pilot, hardly aware of what was going on around me.&nbsp; I was still befuddled by what had happened at lunchtime, but I was also increasingly anxious about the next lesson.&nbsp; I remembered that Adam was a member of the next class, he would be sitting there, leering at me.

As the bell rang for afternoon break I considered leaving early, I told myself if I said I was unwell I could get out of the lesson.&nbsp; The trouble was, I knew I could only delay the moment when I had to teach Adam, I couldn&#8217;t get out of it for ever. Plus, I had to admit to myself that the idea was exciting.&nbsp; To have my tormentor right here in the classroom, having to teach him in the very room where just an hour or so ago he had taken me was making me feel very uncomfortable in a number of ways.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

As the class started to drift in to the classroom I made myself busy writing instructions on the blackboard.&nbsp; Once again I felt my cotton blouse as it touched my nipples, stimulating them, making them stiffen.&nbsp; And then Adam came in.

He slouched into the room in his familiar way, then made his way to the very back of the class, dropping into a chair and leaning back on it.&nbsp; He grinned at me and winked.&nbsp; I tried to ignore him.&nbsp; I gave the class their instructions, then sat at the front of the room and began to mark books.&nbsp; I looked up from time to time, only to see Adam grinning back at me.&nbsp; I remembered what he&#8217;d said to me last night.&nbsp; I had no doubt he was imagining me naked.&nbsp; The thought made my skin crawl.

Finally the lesson ended and the bell rang signalling the end of the school day.&nbsp; The students made their way out of the class, but Adam hung back.&nbsp; I knew he was waiting until all the others left and shuddered at the thought of being alone with him again.&nbsp; As the last of the other students finally left he calmly walked over and closed the door.

Shit!&nbsp; Your lessons are so fuckin&#8217; boring.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t you do something to make them better?

Such as?&nbsp; I snapped.

You could do it topless!&nbsp; Get your tits out for the boys.&nbsp; That&#8217;d be funny.&nbsp; What do you think?&nbsp; He laughed.

I found myself tongue tied, totally intimidated by this super-confident, arrogant boy.

I enjoyed fucking you at lunch time.&nbsp; You liked it too, didn&#8217;t you?

No.&nbsp; No I didn&#8217;t.&nbsp; I hated it.

Liar!&nbsp; You came like a hot little bitch.&nbsp; As soon as I started to play with your cunt you were dripping.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t deny it.&nbsp; I bet you&#8217;d like me to fuck you again now, wouldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; You&#8217;d like me to pull your knickers off and stick my dick right up your twat, wouldn&#8217;t you?

I shuddered again, No. No Adam, you&#8217;re wrong. I stammered.

He laughed again.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s see, shall we?&nbsp; Lift your skirt up again, I want to have a bit of a feel.

No Adam, leave me alone, please.&nbsp; For God&#8217;s sake Adam, the cleaners will be here any second!

Better get on with it then.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t want a cleaner to find you being fingered, do you? He grinned.

I gave in, and started to lift my skirt. As soon as it was bunched around my waist he moved towards me.&nbsp; He grabbed the waistband of my knickers and dragged them down roughly, leaving them half way to my knees.&nbsp; I yelped, then bit down on my lower lip as shame and embarrassment washed over me.&nbsp; He ran his fingers over my shaven mound then pushed his finger between my pussy lips, running the tip of his finger over my clit then pushing it into my wet tunnel.

There you are, told you.&nbsp; You&#8217;re soaking wet!&nbsp; You&#8217;re fuckin&#8217; desperate for it, aren&#8217;t you?

I couldn&#8217;t speak.&nbsp; I hung my head and closed my eyes.&nbsp; I had never felt so humiliated, despite all I&#8217;d done since I agreed to be Alan&#8217;s plaything.&nbsp; Adam started to play with my clit.&nbsp; I felt it stiffen.&nbsp; He was coaxing it out from under its&#8217; hood, his fingers surprisingly gentle and skilful.&nbsp; 

There!&nbsp; You really like that don&#8217;t you.&nbsp; Look how wet you&#8217;re getting.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll leave a puddle on the floor if you&#8217;re not careful!

I groaned with shame, my skin felt like it was on fire.&nbsp; 

Tell me you like it when I play with your cunt, go on, tell me how you love it.

I felt my face flush.&nbsp; I sighed, Yes, ok you win.&nbsp; I love it when you play with me like that Adam.

Go on.

I almost cried.&nbsp; He was teasing me, shaming me.&nbsp; Enjoying every minute of his little game.&nbsp; He wanted to hear me shame myself, confess it, humiliate myself for his pleasure.&nbsp; A thrill went through me.&nbsp; I decided to put on the show he wanted.

I love it when you play with my pussy.&nbsp; I love it when someone pulls my knickers down and plays with me.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t care who it is.&nbsp; Anyone can play with me.&nbsp; I love being used by men.&nbsp; I love it when they make me do all sorts of dirty things.&nbsp; Are you going to make me do dirty things, Adam?&nbsp; You can, you know.&nbsp; You can make me do anything you like, you know that.&nbsp; Like today, when you came into my classroom and played with my pussy and my boobs, and made me suck you, then bend over and you took me.&nbsp; Oh that was so good.&nbsp; I breathed.&nbsp; He grinned again.

Why don&#8217;t you suck me off again.

I knelt before him immediately, pulling his grey school trousers open, fumbling inside until I found his cock.&nbsp; I pulled it out and sucked at it urgently.&nbsp; I wanted to be used by this repulsive boy.&nbsp; I wanted him to know that he could use me in any way, that I would refuse him nothing.&nbsp; I tickled and stroked his balls and bobbed my head up and down on his cock, tasting my juices from earlier.&nbsp; 

I looked up at him then whispered, Would you like to come on my tits?&nbsp; His grin widened, Sure, Alison, I&#8217;ll come on your tits!&nbsp; I opened the buttons of my blouse, pulling it open and exposing my breasts to him again.&nbsp; I carried on sucking him, playing with his balls.&nbsp; He groaned and then started to shoot into my mouth.&nbsp; I pulled away and aimed his cock at my chest, squeezing his stiff member as it shot his load. I felt his hot come hit my chest, I thrust my breasts towards him, feeling his come splash onto my breasts and nipples.&nbsp; I gasped, and then as his climax subsided I let go of his cock and started to rub his semen into my breasts.

He watched in fascination as I rubbed the sticky liquid across my breasts, concentrating on my nipples.&nbsp; Then for good measure, when I had finished I looked at him and licked my fingers.&nbsp; He giggled as he watched me.

Enjoying yourself?&nbsp; I said in my most seductive voice.

Definitely. He laughed.

I started to fasten the buttons of my blouse.&nbsp; Show&#8217;s over for today.&nbsp; I grinned.

I&#8217;ll see you later.&nbsp; He grinned, before leaving the classroom.

Alan listened in fascination as I told him of Adam&#8217;s fun with me.&nbsp; I knew you&#8217;d get off on this, but even I didn&#8217;t think you&#8217;d enjoy it this quickly.&nbsp; What are you going to do for him next?

Anything he bloody likes, I suppose!&nbsp; I giggled.&nbsp; I still hate the little bastard, but I suppose that&#8217;s what I find so exciting about him using me.&nbsp; The fact that he&#8217;s so horrible, and so arrogant.

I showered as soon as I got home, washing Adam&#8217;s come from my body.&nbsp; By early evening I was becoming nervous.&nbsp; Granddad was due at any minute, and he&#8217;d be taking me to &#8216;audition&#8217;.&nbsp; By the time he arrived I was too nervous to eat or drink.

Right then, let&#8217;s see what you&#8217;ve got to wear.&nbsp; Come with me.&nbsp; He ordered.&nbsp; I followed him to my bedroom.&nbsp; Alan came too.&nbsp; Once we were in there I was told to undress.&nbsp; Within moments I was standing before the tow of them naked.&nbsp; Then they started to consider what I should wear.&nbsp; After making me try on several items, they agreed that a green knee length cotton skirt and white top would do.&nbsp; I pulled on a clean pair of knickers, slipped on some sandals and I was ready to go.

Alan drove us to a house on the outskirts of the city, a big, rambling sort of place at the end of a long drive.&nbsp; Alan parked the car near the front door and granddad and me got out.&nbsp; You&#8217;d better wait here for now.&nbsp; Granddad said to Alan, Leroy doesn&#8217;t like visitors much, ok?&nbsp; 

Alan nodded and watched as I followed granddad to the door of the house.&nbsp; The door was open and I followed granddad as he went into the house.&nbsp; He seemed to know perfectly well where he was going.&nbsp;&nbsp; We went through the entrance hall and into a large lounge.&nbsp; Sitting in a large armchair at one end of the room was a large black man.&nbsp; 

Leroy!&nbsp; Good to see you.

Hey Tom!&nbsp; Good to see you too. How you &#8216;bin?

The two of them were obviously old friends and started to chat amicably.&nbsp; Leroy was about five foot eight and seriously overweight.&nbsp; His hair was cropped very short, giving his head an almost shaved appearance.&nbsp; He was dressed casually in blue jeans and a black T-shirt, which was stretched over his gut.&nbsp; He wore a lot of gold jewellery.

After they had been chatting for a minute or two Leroy looked at me.&nbsp; This the one then Tom?

This is her.&nbsp; Hot little bit of cunt, can&#8217;t get enough of it.&nbsp; Fuck!&nbsp; Does she ever go!

They both laughed.&nbsp; Leroy pulled up a chair and sat down.&nbsp; Come here.&nbsp; He said.&nbsp; I took the few steps between us and stood in front of him.

What&#8217;s your pussy like?

I looked at granddad, who nodded his head.&nbsp; I lifted the front of my skirt.&nbsp; Leroy reached out, took hold of the front of my knickers and pulled them down.&nbsp; His hands were enormous.&nbsp; His fat fingers started to stroke my shaven mound. 

Not bad.&nbsp; Not bad at all.&nbsp; You like to fuck then?

I didn&#8217;t answer. He chuckled, then pushed his hand between my legs, his fingers squeezing the lips of my pussy.

Turn &#8216;round.

I turned, lifting my skirt for him again.&nbsp; He dragged my knickers down to my knees then grabbed the cheeks of my bum with both hands and pulled them apart.&nbsp; He spat on my tight little hole, then began to push one of his fat fingers into me.

You take it up the arse, girly?

I looked over my shoulder at him and nodded.&nbsp; He grinned back at me.

Sure you do!&nbsp; Soon as I saw you I knew you were one of those white bitches that look like butter wouldn&#8217;t melt.&nbsp; You&#8217;re all the same, all airs and graces, making out your all sweet and innocent, but really, you like a good stiff cock up your arse!&nbsp; He laughed again and pushed his finger deeply into me.

He amused himself by forcing his finger deep into my tight hole for a few more moments, then pulled his hand away.&nbsp; You know what&#8217;s expected of you on Saturday?

I nodded, Anything and everything your guests want. I said as I pulled my knickers back into place.

And that&#8217;s not a problem?

No.&nbsp; That won&#8217;t be a problem.&nbsp; I grinned.

Told you, didn&#8217;t I?&nbsp; She&#8217;s well up for it.&nbsp; Granddad chuckled.

I heard voices behind me and turned to see who was there.&nbsp;&nbsp; My heart sank.&nbsp; Another of my students, fifteen year-old Brian Lewis, was standing just a few feet away.&nbsp; Even though he was so young he was still about six feet tall, with a big, powerful frame.&nbsp; He was one of the few black students at the school, and he had a reputation as a tough kid.

Fucking hell miss, what are you doing here?

I looked around nervously, searching for a way out.

Leroy, what you got her here for?

You know this bitch?

Sure.&nbsp; One of my teachers.&nbsp; What&#8217;s she doing here?

I saw a grin spread over granddad&#8217;s face and Leroy&#8217;s smile widened.

This is one of the girls who&#8217;ll be doing the entertaining on Saturday.&nbsp; He said with a laugh.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve just given her a once over.&nbsp; She&#8217;ll do ok.

Her?&nbsp; One of the girls for your party?&nbsp; You&#8217;ve got to be joking!&nbsp; He laughed loudly.&nbsp; I felt my face start to colour.&nbsp; She&#8217;s one of the biggest tight arses you&#8217;ll ever meet.&nbsp; No fun in her at all.

Is that right, girlie?&nbsp; Is what he says right?&nbsp; Are you really some stuck up bitch?

I wanted to go through with this now.&nbsp; I knew it was probably the only chance I&#8217;d ever get to do something so extreme.&nbsp; The thought of being used by so many strangers had fired my imagination.

I looked at Leroy, I said I&#8217;d do whatever your guests want, and that&#8217;s what I&#8217;ll do. 

Leroy smiled again.&nbsp; He looked at Brian.&nbsp; Looks like you got it wrong kid.&nbsp; She&#8217;s up for it big time!

I don&#8217;t believe it.&nbsp; She&#8217;s not the type.&nbsp; There&#8217;s something wrong here.

Tell you what then, you give her first go.&nbsp; If she gives you a good time, she can do the party.&nbsp; If she&#8217;s as big a tight arse as you say, she&#8217;ll soon cry off!&nbsp; I listened to this exchange in amazement.&nbsp; I was being given to one of my own students and I would have to please him before I could be allowed to be at the party.&nbsp; I decided at once that I had to go through with this.&nbsp; I had come too far, done too much to object to anything now. 

Brian grinned, OK then.&nbsp; Right miss, come on with me, I want to see what you&#8217;re made of.

Leroy and granddad both laughed.&nbsp; I turned and followed Brian from the room.&nbsp; He took me to a staircase then stood at the bottom motioning me to go up.&nbsp; I started to climb the stairs and he followed.&nbsp; I knew he was looking up my skirt and I swayed my hips provocatively, giving him the best view I could.&nbsp; At the top of the stairs we made our way to a small bedroom.&nbsp; He closed the door behind us.

OK, what the fuck is going on?

I don&#8217;t know what you mean.

Yes you do.&nbsp; This isn&#8217;t you.&nbsp; You&#8217;re the boring, toffee nosed bitch who everyone hates, not one of Leroy&#8217;s party girls.&nbsp; What the fuck is going on?

I promise you this is for real.&nbsp; You heard me downstairs, I know what&#8217;s expected of me, and I&#8217;ll do whatever anyone wants.&nbsp; Try me!&nbsp; I looked at him seductively.

He still looked doubtful.&nbsp; OK then, get your kit off.&nbsp; I quickly pulled my top up, exposing my breasts to him. I took it off completely and threw it onto a nearby chair.&nbsp; Then I dropped my skirt, leaving it in a crumpled heap at my feet, before pushing my knickers down and stepping out of them.&nbsp; I stood just a few feet from him, stark naked.&nbsp; His eyes raked across my body, lingering on my breasts and pussy.&nbsp; I turned &#8216;round and looked over my shoulder to see him gazing hungrily at my bottom.

Well; do I pass?&nbsp; I said with a giggle.

Not bad for starters.&nbsp; He muttered, then took came closer.&nbsp; He ran his fingertips down my spine, making me gasp.&nbsp; Then his finger ran along the crack of my bottom.

They&#8217;ll fuck you up the arse, you know?&nbsp; You up for that then?

I nodded, I&#8217;ll do anything.&nbsp; I promise I will.

He pulled off his T-shirt then dropped his trousers, revealing a muscular body and pendulous cock.&nbsp; I turned to face him and reached out to stroke his cock.&nbsp; It twitched as I touched it.&nbsp; I wrapped my fingers around it and began to slowly wank it, feeling it start to stiffen.

His breath escaped in a long hiss, Jesus fucking Christ.&nbsp; His hands started to roam across my body, cupping my breasts then rolling my nipples between his thumb and forefinger.&nbsp; I felt them start to stiffen.&nbsp; His cock was now fully erect and throbbing in my hand.&nbsp; I knelt down and kissed his balls, running my tongue through his wiry pubic hair and feeling his scrotum tighten.&nbsp; He groaned.

I pulled his foreskin back exposing his large, black glans, then slipped my lips over it and sucked him into my mouth. He gasped with pleasure.&nbsp; I looked up at him, my lips wrapped &#8216;round his cock, wanking him into my mouth, stroking his balls.&nbsp; He looked down at me and grinned.&nbsp; 

After a couple of minutes sucking his cock I stood and made my way to the bed.&nbsp; He followed and lay down next to me.&nbsp; As I wanked and stroked his cock his hand slipped between my legs and he ran his thumb along my pussy.&nbsp; I sighed and began to push my hips up to meet his digit.&nbsp; He looked down at me and grinned again.

You go on top.&nbsp; Show me how eager to please you are.

He rolled onto his back and put his hands behind his head. He looked so casual and confident.&nbsp; I reached out for his cock and continued to wank him, then made my way down his body placing kisses on his neck, his chest, his belly and finally his cock.&nbsp; I straddled him and placed his glans at the entrance to my tunnel. Then I ran the head of his cock along my slit, wriggling my hips as it came into contact with my stiff little clit.&nbsp; I rubbed his stiff cock into my pussy, feeling it throbbing against me.

I pushed his cock up to the entrance of my tunnel, then slowly sank down on the hard organ, driving it up inside me. I shuddered as I felt it going deeper and deeper into me. He groaned and reached up to grab my breasts.&nbsp; I covered his hands with mine, massaging my breasts. I started to rock my hips back and forth.&nbsp; I fell forward and started to kiss and lick his neck, then reached down and fondled his balls.&nbsp; His hands gripped my hips, pushing me down as far as I could go onto his cock, pushing and pulling my hips back and forth.

I licked his ear. Oh yes!&nbsp; Oh do it to me Brian.&nbsp; Push it in really deep.

He grinned again, You like it deep, don&#8217;t you?

Oh God, yes. Oh I love it.

Maybe I&#8217;ll have to give you a good fuckin&#8217; at school, what do you think?

Oh yes.&nbsp; Oh you can have me any time.&nbsp; Just come and do it to me any time you want.&nbsp; You can do that.&nbsp; There&#8217;s nothing to stop you.

You want me to do that?

Whatever you want.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do anything you like, anytime.&nbsp; If you want to have me, you can, if you want me to suck you until you come in my mouth I will.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll suck you off and swallow all of your come.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do anything, I promise.

What if I want to fuck you up the arse?&nbsp; He laughed.

Oh God!&nbsp; You can do that to me too.&nbsp; You can anything to me, I promise you.

He rolled us over, pinning me to the bed.&nbsp; I grabbed my legs and pulled them wide apart, spreading myself for him.

Look, Brian; I&#8217;m spread wide for you.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll spread myself like this for you any time.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll open my legs and my pussy for you whenever you like.

He grunted as he drove his cock deep into me.&nbsp; I carried on licking and kissing his neck and ears.&nbsp; He grabbed my bottom cheeks, pulling my hips up and ramming his cock into me with all his weight.&nbsp; Then I felt one of his fingers probing at my back door.&nbsp; He started to insert his finger into me.&nbsp; I groaned.

He drove deep into me, arching his back, pulling my hips up to maximise his depth.&nbsp; Then he froze and I felt him start to shoot into me.&nbsp; He grunted as he shot his semen deep into my pussy.&nbsp; After what seemed like minutes he relaxed and rolled off me.&nbsp; I turned to look at him.

What happened to you?&nbsp; I never would have thought you&#8217;d be up for it like this.

Perhaps I realised life&#8217;s too short!&nbsp; I giggled.&nbsp; Well?&nbsp; Have I convinced you?

Oh sure.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll tell Leroy you&#8217;ll do.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to enjoy watching you get fucked on Saturday night.

You mean you&#8217;re going to be there?

Sure.&nbsp; Leroy and my dad are real close. We always go to the parties.

But, aren&#8217;t you a bit young for all this?

Lost my cherry when I was eleven.&nbsp; Dad and Leroy arranged that for me.&nbsp; Found a pretty little white girl for me to screw.&nbsp; After that I was allowed to go to the parties and have anyone I wanted.&nbsp; Some of them didn&#8217;t like being had by a boy, but they got used to it!

Are there any others I&#8217;m going to know there? I asked, nervously.

Maybe.&nbsp; You&#8217;ll just have to wait and see, won&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Now, why don&#8217;t you give me a bit of head before I have to go?&nbsp; He smiled at me expectantly.&nbsp; I lowered my head and started to suck and lick his cock, which began to stiffen.&nbsp; I gave him the best blow-job I could, teasing his cock, sucking, licking, kissing.&nbsp; I wrapped my breasts around his shaft, licked his balls, ran my nipples across his scrotum.&nbsp; After a few minutes he tensed then began to come in my mouth.&nbsp; I sucked and swallowed all his semen, keeping his cock in my mouth until it started to soften.

I looked up at him and smiled.&nbsp; How was that?

Good.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to enjoy having you.&nbsp; He got up and started to dress.&nbsp; I pulled my clothes back on the followed him back downstairs where granddad and Leroy were waiting.

Well?&nbsp; She good enough?

She&#8217;ll do.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t wait to see the guys having fun with her on Saturday.

Granddad nodded and smiled. I&#8217;m looking forward to that too! Right, I&#8217;ll see you Saturday.

Yeah, see you then, Tom.

I followed granddad back to the car, where he delivered the news to Alan.&nbsp; Alan laughed when he heard I had to take another student to bed. You keep this up you&#8217;ll be had by every boy in the school by the end of term!

When we arrived back at the flat Adam was waiting on the doorstep.&nbsp; He let Alan and granddad go through the door, then followed me in. As I walked up the stairs he lifted my skirt and groped my bottom.&nbsp; A thrill of revulsion ran through me.

You better make her wash it first lad, you won&#8217;t want sloppy seconds, will you? Granddad laughed.&nbsp; Adam looked at him questioningly.&nbsp; Already been had by another kid from your school, isn&#8217;t that right?&nbsp; I nodded.

Who? Adam demanded, pushing his hand between my legs.

Brian Lewis. I said quietly.

Did he fuck you?

I nodded, Then I sucked him off.

All three of them laughed.&nbsp; You&#8217;re right gramps, I&#8217;m not going there after that black kid.&nbsp; Go and wash your cunt and come back when it&#8217;s clean.

I went off to the bathroom where I washed and dried.&nbsp; Then I went to my bedroom and put on a clean pair of knickers before returning to the living room.&nbsp; As I entered the room Adam looked at me and grinned his sly grin.

Come here Alison.&nbsp; Granddad ordered.&nbsp; I think you&#8217;ve been a very naughty girl today, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Showing off everything you&#8217;ve got and corrupting those two innocent young boys.

Innocent young boys! I spluttered, They&#8217;re not innocent by any stretch of the imagination!

Don&#8217;t argue with me, young lady.&nbsp; You&#8217;ve taken advantage of their innocence to pleasure yourself.&nbsp; And let&#8217;s not forget you&#8217;ve also had Leroy&#8217;s hands in your knickers as well. Shameful, you&#8217;re a disgrace.

I hung my head, Yes granddad.&nbsp; I&#8217;m sorry granddad.

Yes, well.&nbsp; That&#8217;s better.&nbsp; Now I want you to go to Adam and apologise.&nbsp; Then ask him to punish you for being so naughty.

Yes, granddad.

I walked slowly over to Adam who was grinning all over his face.

I took a deep breath, Adam, I&#8217;m sorry I took advantage of you today. I began, I know it was very wrong of me, and I think I should be punished.&nbsp; Would you smack my bare bottom until you think I&#8217;ve learned my lesson please?

You really do get off on this stuff don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; He laughed.

Please Adam.&nbsp; I&#8217;m ever so sorry and I deserve to be punished.&nbsp; Won&#8217;t you do it for me, please?&nbsp; I whined.

He laughed at me then said, OK then Alison, get over my knee.

I took my place across his lap and he began to stroke and pat my bottom before pulling my knickers down.&nbsp; I felt my face go red as I lay exposed for my fifteen year-old student, his hand casually resting on my bottom.

How many do you think you deserve, then Alison.

I don&#8217;t know, Adam.&nbsp; As many as you think fit.

He began at once, slapping my bottom repeatedly.&nbsp; I gasped with each slap.

Don&#8217;t you think you should be counting these?

Yes. I&#8217;m sorry Adam. One, thank you Adam; two, thank you Adam; three, thank you Adam

How&#8217;s your cunt? Is it getting wet?

I don&#8217;t know.

Would you like me to give it a feel to find out?

If you want to Adam.&nbsp; You can do anything you want to me Adam, you know you can. 

He was stroking the inside of my thigh.&nbsp; I opened my legs a little to give him easier access.

So if I told you to stand in the middle of the classroom tomorrow and strip for me and the boys, you&#8217;d do it?

I er, well I mean I.., er. You won&#8217;t make me do that, will you Adam?&nbsp; Please, not that.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do anything else you say, only please don&#8217;t make me do that, Adam, please, I&#8217;m begging you Adam.

He sniggered nastily, then began to stroke my pussy lips.&nbsp; He spread them apart with his fingers then peered at my slit.&nbsp; You&#8217;re fuckin&#8217; soaking, aren&#8217;t you.&nbsp; Fuck me!, you get dripping wet at the drop of a hat, don&#8217;t you?

His fingers began to explore my pussy once again and I squirmed in embarrassment as he found my clit and began to torment it, squeezing it, pinching it.

Looks like you&#8217;re getting her going Adam.&nbsp; Are you enjoying yourself?&nbsp; Alan asked, the amusement in his voice obvious.

Yes sir, I&#8217;m having a great time, sir.

Why don&#8217;t you give her a few more smacks?&nbsp; Make her arse nice and red?

Adam laughed, Fair enough.&nbsp; And began to slap my naked cheeks again.&nbsp; I started to count again and he giggled, Instead of counting this time, tell me again how much you like this, and how much you liked me fucking you today.

I love it when my knickers are pulled down and my bum is smacked.&nbsp; It gets me really randy and my pussy gets all hot and wet.&nbsp; When I get like that I&#8217;ll do anything to anyone.&nbsp; Tell me what you&#8217;d like me to do Adam.&nbsp; 

Carry on.&nbsp; He said, still smacking my bottom.

When you came to me this morning and made me lift up my skirt so you could put your hand down my knickers I thought I&#8217;d die of shame, but I got so turned on as well I nearly came.&nbsp; And then at lunchtime when you made me take off my knickers and bend over my desk, and you had me, I came.&nbsp; And I didn&#8217;t want you to see that, but you knew, and you laughed at me for coming, and that was so exciting.&nbsp; And then I had to ask you for my knickers back.&nbsp; I felt so foolish standing before you right there in the corridor and asking you politely for my knickers.&nbsp; And when you just calmly handed them over, I mean, anyone could have seen.&nbsp; Oh God, what if someone had seen you pulling my knickers out of your pocket and handing them over to me, Oh God, the shame!

He thrust his hand between my legs and pushed two fingers roughly into my pussy.&nbsp; I yelped in surprise then came immediately, my body heaving as the jolts of pleasure tore through me.&nbsp; They all laughed at me, Alan congratulating Adam for making me look so wanton, granddad grinning as he rubbed his crotch and Adam, holding out his hand to me, his fingers slick with my juices.

Lick them clean.&nbsp; He ordered.&nbsp; Still gasping for breath, I sucked his dirty, grubby fingers until they were clean.

Get over here and get to work. Granddad ordered as he dropped his trousers.&nbsp; I sucked and wanked his cock until it was stiff, then straddled him and sank down onto him.&nbsp; I started to rock my hips, feeling him rubbing against the walls of my pussy, and then Alan came over and started to smear lubricant onto my bottom.&nbsp; As I carried on rocking on granddad&#8217;s cock Alan pressed the head of his against my anus.&nbsp; I felt the sphincter stretch and then he was penetrating me.&nbsp; I felt him driving his cock deeper into me, and granddad still deep in my pussy.

I heard Adam mutter, Cool!, and then he came and stood at one side of me, waving his erect cock in my face.&nbsp; I opened my lips and he jammed his cock into my mouth.&nbsp; I sucked and licked him as he started to push repeatedly into my mouth.&nbsp; Alan reached &#8216;round me and started to play with my breasts, pinching and twisting my nipples.&nbsp; And then he grunted and started to shoot his load into my bowels.&nbsp; As his cock slipped from me I felt granddad shooting deep into my pussy, his over-sized balls once again filling me completely.

Granddad chuckled to himself as he watched his grandson pushing his cock into my mouth, and then Adam came too.&nbsp; His strong spurts hit the back of my throat and I started to swallow, but then he pulled out and began to spray his come over my face.&nbsp; Alan and granddad laughed again at this.&nbsp; I waited until Adam finished coming, then slowly stood up, releasing granddad&#8217;s now flaccid&nbsp; cock.&nbsp; His come started to run down my legs, and Adam&#8217;s was still running down my face and onto my chest.

They all looked at me, grinning to themselves.

Think of that as a bit of a rehearsal for Saturday night.&nbsp; Granddad said.&nbsp; The others giggled again.&nbsp; I slipped out of the room and went to the bathroom, running the shower.&nbsp; As I stood under the warm water the door opened and Adam stood there, watching me.

See you at school tomorrow then Alison.&nbsp; He grinned before walking away, leaving the door open.&nbsp; I shuddered, despite the warmth of the water.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t doubt he would have more fun with me, and now I had Brian to contend with too.










Chapter 16

 
  JS
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-04-13T01:12:00Z
  2006-04-13T01:12:00Z
  1
  10182
  58043
  JS
  483
  136
  68089
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 16.

&nbsp;

The following morning I was woken by Alan
as he climbed into bed with me. He
dragged my knickers off and started to rub my pussy lips. I groaned as the pleasant sensations began
top radiate through me. I felt my pussy
becoming moist and was soon sighing contentedly as he found my clit and began
to stimulate it expertly. After a few
moments he knelt next to my head, still stroking my pussy. I opened my eyes to see his hardening cock
waving just a couple of inches from my face.
I sighed again and took him into my mouth, feeling him shudder as I did
do. 

&nbsp;

I sucked on his rapidly swelling cock and
began to stroke his arse, slipping a finger between his cheeks and tickling his
tight hole. I tickled his scrotum,
feeling it tighten as I gently stroked my fingernail along its
seam. He began to push his cock into my
mouth, slowly at first, but increasing both pace and depth until I was forced
to put my hands on his hips to prevent his cock hitting the back of my throat.

&nbsp;

In one swift movement he threw a leg over
me and was straddling my face, driving his hips forward, his cock deep in my
mouth. Then he began to drive his cock into me with firm, determined strokes. I kept my hands on his hips, preventing him
from forcing his cock into my throat.
Instead he drove my head back into my pillow. 

&nbsp;

I sucked and licked at his cock for all I
was worth, wrapping my tongue around his sensitive glans, closing my lips
tightly around his shaft. I tasted his
pre-cum and knew he was close. And then
he began to shoot into my mouth. Stream
after stream of his hot, salty jism hit the back of my throat. I swallowed for all I was worth, savouring
his flavour where I could. Finally, he
collapsed on top of me, gasping for breath. He rolled away from me and his softening
cock slipped from my mouth.

&nbsp;

He got up from the bed and looked down at
me. Some of his come had escaped from my
mouth, running down my chin. As he
watched I scooped it up with my finger and returned it to my mouth, then I
grinned at him seductively. He grinned
back muttering, You are a fucking gem, Alison, you
know that?

&nbsp;

I aim to please. I smiled back. 

&nbsp;

He turned and left my bedroom, leaving me
with the taste of his come in my mouth, and a pussy still tingling from his
attentions. I quickly slipped my hand
between my legs and began to stroke and tease my little bud, gasping as waves
of pleasure immediately began to wash over me.
I remembered the previous night, being spanked by Adam, then being used
by all of them, including my fifteen-year-old student. I remembered how Adam had stood watching me
in the shower, a knowing grin on his young face, and then I remembered that I
still had to face both him and Brian at school that day. The thought of what shame and humiliation
they might inflict on me was enough to drive me over the edge and I clamped my
legs together on my hand as my orgasm washed over me.

&nbsp;

I took a few moments to recover before I
got up and headed to the bathroom. After a quick shower and a check to make
sure my pussy hadnt grown any stubble, I dressed simply, choosing a cream
coloured blouse and light grey business suit for the day. Then I went and joined Alan, who by then was
waiting on the stairs for me. 

&nbsp;

It was my turn to drive that morning, and
as we made our way through the traffic we chatted about all sorts of
ridiculous, minor things. We could have
been any other couple starting our day together, until Alan said, Looking
forward to entertaining all those black men, tomorrow then?

&nbsp;

I glanced across at him. He was smiling. I dont understand why youre enjoying
this. I would have thought youd be
against a load of other men using me, especially when you wont even be there
to see it.

&nbsp;

Oh, but I will be there! I spoke to your dear granddad, and hes
arranged for Neil and me to be on the guest list. Were going to watch you become the
entertainment! Good, isnt it?

&nbsp;

Oh no! You mean youre going to
just stand there and watch as they all have their fun with me? How can you do that?

&nbsp;

Easy!
But we wont be just standing there, will we? You wont be the only bit of pussy there, you
know. Therell be quite a few other bits
of stuff for us to play with, so well be busy some of the time.

&nbsp;

Youve got it all planned, I see.

&nbsp;

I like to think so. So, are you looking forward to it?

&nbsp;

I dont know, to be honest. When granddad took me to see Leroy he treated
me like I was a piece of meat. He wasnt
nasty, just handled me like I was just a commodity. I have to admit, that was a bit sexy!

&nbsp;

I knew youd enjoy this! This will be the most extreme thing youve
ever done. Think of it, youre going to
be a willing toy for a whole party-full of randy men. They can do whatever they want to you, and
youve got to oblige. How fucking cool
is that?  

&nbsp;

I giggled, Mmmm, well, if you put it like
that!

&nbsp;

We arrived at school and I walked to my
classroom. I began straightening desks
and preparing books when a familiar voice behind me made me jump.

&nbsp;

Another fucking boring
lesson, Alison?

&nbsp;

I turned to see Adam smirking at me. That depends on your point of view,
Adam. I said curtly.

&nbsp;

No it fucking doesnt. All your lessons are boring, right?

&nbsp;

I didnt answer.

&nbsp;

Right? He yelled.

&nbsp;

If you say so, Adam.

&nbsp;

Say it then.

&nbsp;

I cleared my throat, nervously. All my lessons
are fucking boring, Adam.

&nbsp;

Youre fucking right they are! Now, for being deliberately boring, I think
you should be punished, dont you? He
smiled, sweetly.

&nbsp;

I, er..

&nbsp;

Yes.
You know you do. You do boring
fucking lessons on purpose, making us all suffer a lot of boring crap about
Shakespeare and all that, and you should be made to pay for that, shouldnt
you?

&nbsp;

Look, Adam, you can punish me at home, at
my flat, you know that. I dont know
what you had in mind, but not here, Adam, please, not in my own classroom. Please Adam, come round and punish me
tonight, at my flat, yes? I moved
closer to him, smiling seductively. I
reached out and stroked his upper arm, trying my best to appease him.

&nbsp;

He looked thoughtful. Then he reached out a
hand, pushed my jacket open and began to fondle one of my breasts, almost
absent-mindedly. I felt my nipple start
to respond at once. 

&nbsp;

Tell you what Im going to do. Ill come back here at lunch time and let you
know what your punishment will be, right?

&nbsp;

I heaved a sigh of relief. Yes, ok Adam, whatever you say.

&nbsp;

In the meantime, you have to be made to
suffer as the poor bastards in your classes are going to suffer, right?

&nbsp;

Suffer?
Adam, what do you mean?

&nbsp;

Take your knickers off.

&nbsp;

I glanced at my watch, Adam, there isnt time, classes start in a minute or two, please. Please.

&nbsp;

Oh, Im not going to fuck you, at least
not right now. He chuckled. No, your
punishment for being such a boring bitch is to have to go without your knickers
for the morning, now give them to me.

&nbsp;

I knew it was a waste of time arguing. I reached under my skirt and slipped my
knickers over my hips, then stepped out of them and handed them to my
tormentor.

&nbsp;

He took them with a broad grin on his face,
then stuffed them roughly into the inside pocket of his school blazer. Give me a quick look at your arse, then.

&nbsp;

Adam, please, classes are about to start.

&nbsp;

Get on with it, for fucks sake.

&nbsp;

I glanced around, checking we were still
alone, then quickly lifted my skirt and turned around, bending slightly at the
waist. He ran his fingers over my skin.

&nbsp;

Is it sore after last night?

&nbsp;

Not really.

&nbsp;

Perhaps I need to hit it harder then?

&nbsp;

Please Adam, have you finished?

&nbsp;

For now. He laughed, giving my bottom
a playful slap. But remember, Ill be back at lunch time. Until then, you enjoy having your bald little
pussy almost naked. See you later,
Alison. He said, turning and making his
way out of the classroom.

&nbsp;

I hurriedly smoothed my skirt back into
place, and found my hands were shaking as I did so, but shaking with what? Nerves? Stress? Excitement? I didnt have
time to examine my feelings further as my first class of the day began to file
in. Once again I felt tremendously
vulnerable in front of my students as I was forced to deliver lessons
completely devoid of underwear.

&nbsp;

At morning break Alan came to see me. He picked up on my tension at once and wanted
to know what was wrong. When I told him
he laughed contentedly. You should be
enjoying this. Being made to hand your
knickers over to a boy you hate, knowing that hell be back to use and abuse
you in just a short time. I thought this
was the kind of stuff to have you on fire!

&nbsp;

Well, yes, but its just that I dont know
what hes going to do to me. I mean,
hes such a nasty little shit, it could be anything.

&nbsp;

Exactly. Thats what got you going,
right?

&nbsp;

I suppose so.

&nbsp;

Go with the flow. Be as humble as you can, make him feel like
hes putting you through hell. Let him
enjoy himself, and do whatever he says.
That way, youll really enjoy yourself, ok?

&nbsp;

Easy for you to say. I grinned at him. He smiled back and sauntered from the room.

&nbsp;

The next lesson seemed to drag on
interminably. I kept looking at my
watch, but it never seemed to move. At
one point I even tapped the glass to make sure that it hadnt stopped. And then suddenly the lunchtime bell
rang. There was the usual shuffling of
chairs and desks as the students stood and filed their way out, and then I was
left alone.

&nbsp;

I sat at my desk, waiting for him to
arrive. I didnt have to wait long. A few minutes later he strode confidently
into the classroom, grinning at me.

&nbsp;

Enjoy your morning? He laughed.
I shrugged. Now, I was going to
punish you for making us sit through boring lessons, wasnt I? 

&nbsp;

I didnt respond.

&nbsp;

What do you think I should do to you,
Alison?

&nbsp;

I really dont know Adam. Whatever it is, couldnt we please do it at
my flat, instead of here?

&nbsp;

No, I dont think so. What classes do you have this afternoon?

&nbsp;

Stupidly, I answered truthfully. None, Im
free on Friday afternoon. I immediately
regretted it as I saw his face light up.

&nbsp;

Excellent! He beamed. Come with me. He marched from the room with me in
pursuit. I had no idea where he was
taking me, and he refused to say. After
several minutes marching through empty corridors he stopped at a door, opened
it, and motioned me to follow him inside.
A moment later and I was standing in a large storage room. One wall was covered completely in shelves, which
were full of boxes of books and stationary, the rest of the room could have
been untouched for years, such was the state of it.

&nbsp;

Welcome to my little getaway. Good, isnt it?

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth to speak, but he held up
his hand for silence. You stay here
till I get back, right? I wont be
long. Without waiting for a response he
left the room. I sat down on a pile of
boxes, wondering what the little bastard had in mind. After about ten minutes he came back. He put his head round the door and said,
Close your eyes, Ive got a surprise for you.

&nbsp;

Adam, please stop this.

&nbsp;

Close your fucking eyes I said.

&nbsp;

I closed my eyes. I heard him step into the room. There was some shuffling and then he said, Its ok, you can open them now.

&nbsp;

I opened my eyes and saw Adam standing
there, and right next to him was Brian.
I gasped with shock and they both laughed.

&nbsp;

I knew youd be pleased. Adam laughed.
I thought that as you and Brian were already acquainted, and seeing as
how hes had to sit through your boring shit too, hed like to help me pay you
back. Of course, he said hed love to,
didnt you Brian?

&nbsp;

Oh sure! When I think of all that
poetry crap Ive had to sit through, this was an opportunity I wasnt going to
miss!

&nbsp;

Look, boys, youve had your fun, now its
time to stop this. I felt my pulse
quicken.

&nbsp;

Fun? We havent even started
yet! Adam grinned. Now, why dont you
get your kit off and we can get started.

&nbsp;

What? I, er, I mean, not here, Adam, I er,
I mean, I couldnt. What if someone came
in?

&nbsp;

They wont. No one even knows this place is here, look
around you, most of this stuff is years out of date. No one ever comes here. Theres only me and a few other people know
about this room. Now get your kit off.

&nbsp;

I swallowed hard as the two of them watched
lecherously.

&nbsp;

Come on, you havent got much to take
off! Adam jeered. I made her take her knickers off and give them to me this
morning before classes started.

&nbsp;

Yeah? Cool! Brian laughed.

&nbsp;

Sure, here they are! And Adam fished them out of his pocket, You
want them? He tossed them to Brian.

&nbsp;

They both laughed again, Thanks
mate. Brian giggled, But theres one
thing more I need on these. Alison, come
over here and write a nice message on these for me. Make it nice and sexy.

&nbsp;

I stared at him in disbelief; You want me
to write a love letter to you on my own underwear?

&nbsp;

Sure.
Make it nice, now. They both
laughed heartily. I shuffled over to
them slowly, not believing how the situation was developing. Brian handed me my knickers and stood back to
watch.

&nbsp;

I dont have a pen. I said, feeling a thrill of shame tear
through me. They laughed again, then Brian produced a ballpoint. I leant on some boxes of books and wrote on
the front of my knickers, to Brian with lots of love before scrawling my
signature below. Then I handed them back
to him. He stretched them between both
thumbs as he read the message, then smiled.

&nbsp;

Nice!
They boys will be green with envy when they see this.

&nbsp;

Another lightening bolt ran through
me. I hadnt thought of that, but of
course he would show a trophy like that to as many boys as he could. What fifteen-year-old boy wouldnt? I felt my face flush as I imagined them all
handling my underwear, reading the message, clapping Brian on the back,
congratulating them.

&nbsp;

Hey, maybe we could set up a bit of a
business here? Adam said
excitedly. How much do you think we
could charge for a pair of her knickers, signed of course?

&nbsp;

Dunno.
Could probably get five quid a pair, ten if she took
them off in front of the punter!

&nbsp;

I listened in growing shock and
horror. They were planning to sell off
my knickers to any boy in the school with enough money!

&nbsp;

No!
I wont do it! Enough is enough,
and this has gone too far! I shouted.

&nbsp;

Adam turned to me, completely
unconcerned. Youll do as youre
fucking told, now shut up.

&nbsp;

And what makes you so sure?

&nbsp;

Because if you dont we go to the local
police and say weve been molested by our teacher. We tell them how you lured us to this store
room and interfered with us, isnt that right Brian?

&nbsp;

Dead straight my friend. We were told to report here to sort out some
books, when we got here we were taken advantage of, and us such innocent young
boys too!

&nbsp;

They both laughed, loudly.

&nbsp;

No one will believe you. I said desperately.

&nbsp;

Course they will. Hot little bitch like you, boyfriend away in
Australia, theyll believe it alright.
And the head master will back us up.
Hell tell the world what a randy little cow you are, how he had to
throw you out of his study when you came on to him.

&nbsp;

What are you talking about?

&nbsp;

Well hes not going to admit to having
fucked you in his office, is he? Have
you seen his wife? Big woman! I wouldnt want to get on the wrong side of
her! So you see, Alison, you have very
little choice in this. You can
co-operate with us in our little business venture, or you can have the police
knocking at your door. Which will it
be?

&nbsp;

I looked at each of them in turn, not
wanting to believe the situation I found myself in. I could think of no way out, and I knew
better than to try to bluff these two hard cases.

&nbsp;

Oh, have it your own way. I said finally. I saw smiles creep across their faces and
turned away.

&nbsp;

Good.
Now weve got that sorted out, I think you can get your kit off now.

&nbsp;

I sighed in resignation, then slipped off
my jacket. They watched in delight as I
unfastened the buttons of my blouse. I
hesitated briefly as I opened the final one, then I pulled the blouse open
exposing my breasts to the two of them.
I kicked off my shoes then reached for the fastening of my skirt. I slipped the zip down, opened the button and
let it slip over my hips and fall to the floor.
I picked it up and placed it on top of my jacket and blouse, then stood
there completely naked for them.

&nbsp;

Well now, thats very nice Alison, and Im
sure Brian and me will want to have a little play before we go home for the
weekend, and Im sure youll do all you can to be friendly, but we came here
for you to be punished. So.

&nbsp;

He pulled an old school chair into the
middle of the storeroom then stepped back.

&nbsp;

Bend over, Alison.

&nbsp;

I shook my head.

&nbsp;

Come on now, you know you love having that
cute little arse of yours spanked. I
mean, you practically begged me to spank your bare arse last night, didnt
you? He said sweetly, then his voice
became hard, So get over the fucking chair. 

&nbsp;

I moved slowly forward and bent over the
chair, pushing my naked bum up towards the two boys. I heard them move towards me, and then they
were each stroking my bottom. I felt
fingers wriggle between my legs, stroking my pussy lips. Inevitably, a finger
slipped between my lips and they found out I was wet.

&nbsp;

Feel this Brian, shes absolutely
soaking!

&nbsp;

Fuck, yes!
Hey, little miss prim and proper, you really do like having your pussy
stroked, dont you? 

&nbsp;

Wait till she gets her arse slapped,
mate, she goes fucking wild! Watch.

&nbsp;

And with that Adam started to deliver
stinging slaps to my bottom cheeks, I gasped with each blow. Have a go, mate. Adam urged, and then Brian was slapping even
harder, hitting my bottom but also the tops of my thighs. They were laughing happily as they tormented
my bottom. Then I heard Adam mutter
something to Brian and both of them were stifling more laughs.

&nbsp;

There was a pause in the blows to my
bottom, and then a sudden, sharp, stinging slap reverberated around the
room. I shrieked and leapt to my feet
clutching my red-hot bottom and turning to see Adam holding a twelve-inch ruler
which he had obviously just used on me.
They both looked smug and pleased with themselves.

&nbsp;

Not finished yet, Alison, back over the
chair.

&nbsp;

No, Adam, not with that, please. Please, it stings! Please Adam, no more.

&nbsp;

This is proper punishment for all that
boring shit. Youll remember in future
not to be a boring bitch, wont you? Now
get back over the chair.

&nbsp;

Reluctantly, I resumed the position over
the chair. And I wouldnt cry so loud
about it if I were you. Unless you
really do want us to be found. Is that
what you want?

&nbsp;

N, n, no, Adam.

&nbsp;

Right, so youll take your medicine and
shut the fuck up, right

&nbsp;

Yes Adam.

&nbsp;

They took it in turns for the next ten
minutes to slap my bottom and the tops of my thighs with the rulers. I stuffed my fist into my mouth to muffle my
gasps and cries, my hair falling forward to obscure my face from their
view. Every now and again they would
stop so that one of them could slip a finger into my pussy and tease me about
how wet I was, giggling as I wriggled my bottom in response to their intrusions. Finally, they seemed to tire of tormenting me
and I was allowed to stand upright again.
I stood before them, tears running down my face, my bottom a fiery red. I looked down to see that my nipples were
standing proud. I was rubbing my bottom,
trying to ease the stinging there.

&nbsp;

I wouldnt have believed shed get that
hot from having her arse smacked.
Fucking amazing! Brian said.

&nbsp;

Thats nothing, watch this. Adam replied.
Hey, Alison, lay on the floor and play with your cunt, and tell us how
you like to be spanked and played with.

&nbsp;

I groaned with shame as I sank to the
floor. I heard Brians breath escape in
a sibilant hiss as he said Jesus! She
is too!

&nbsp;

I lay on the dirty, dusty floor in front of
them and opened my legs. I slowly started
to stroke my pussy lips before slipping a finger between them and finding my
clit, which was already stiff from the attentions of the two boys. I cupped first one breast, then the other,
then began to push my fingers into my hot pussy, pushing my hips up to meet
them. A moan escaped from my mouth and I
felt myself blush again.

&nbsp;

I began to writhe around on the floor as I
played with myself for the amusement of two fifteen-year-olds, lost in the
shame and excitement of my humiliation.

&nbsp;

Tell us how you like this, then Alison.

&nbsp;

I let out a low moan. Oh I love to play with my pussy. I love to do it when someone watches
me. I spread my pussy lips, pushing two
fingers into me whilst rubbing my clit with the other hand.

&nbsp;

Dont come too quickly, you havent told
us how you like having your arse spanked yet!

&nbsp;

Oh yes.
Oh I love it when my bottom is spanked.
I love to be punished. I loved it
when you smacked my bare bottom last night, Adam, and I loved it when you both
punished me today, especially when you kept stopping to feel my pussy. Pushing your fingers into me, feeling how
dirty I am, how much I enjoyed it.

&nbsp;

You dont mind us feeling your cunt then?

&nbsp;

Nnnnnoooo!
Oh I love it when someone feels my pussy.

&nbsp;

So you want us to feel it again soon
then?

&nbsp;

Oh yes! Yes! Oh anytime you want. You can feel my pussy whenever you want.

&nbsp;

I was losing it. I felt wave after wave of shame wash over
me. I kept realising where I was and
what I was doing. Masturbating for two
teenage boys, telling them how I liked to be humiliated, giving them free rein
to use and abuse my body whenever they liked.
I felt my orgasm drawing closer.

&nbsp;

Oh please Adam, can I come please?

&nbsp;

What do you think Brian?

&nbsp;

Sure!
Sure, let her come, I want to see that!

&nbsp;

Ok Alison, you can come, bring yourself
off for us now.

&nbsp;

Oh thank you Adam. I gasped as my climax hit and I curled into a
ball as it shook my entire body.

&nbsp;

I wasnt given any time at all to recover
by the two randy boys. As I was still
gasping and trying to recover my breath after my climax I was rolled onto my
front and forced onto my hands and knees, my bottom presented for them. Adam positioned his cock at the entrance to
my sopping pussy and drove it deep into me.
I gasped and moaned as I felt him going deeper and deeper.

&nbsp;

Then Brian was kneeling in front of me his
stiff cock pointing directly at my face.
I opened my mouth and he pushed it into my mouth. I closed my lips onto his hot shaft and began
to suck and lick. Adam grabbed hold of
my hips, pulling me roughly back onto his stabbing cock while Brian ran his
fingers through my hair, taking great hands full and pulling my head onto his
cock. I felt it hit the back of my
throat and started to gag, but there was nothing I could do and he wasnt about
to let go. 

&nbsp;

I put up a hand to try and push him away
from me but at that moment he started to come.
I felt his hot jism hit the back of my throat and tried to swallow it,
but there was too much of it and it was coming too fast. I started to cough, spluttering his seed back
at him as he continued to shoot into my throat.
I felt spasms rack my entire body as I continued to cough. This obviously transmitted itself to Adam, who
started to shoot deep into my pussy.

&nbsp;

Finally Brian finished and let go of my
hair, his hands sliding limply from my scalp and his cock from my mouth. I continued to cough as Adam collapsed onto
my back, moaning. And then they had both
left me. I fell forward on the floor
gasping for breath, my mouth and nose filled with Brians seed and lay there
for several minutes, quietly recovering.

&nbsp;

As my breathing grew steadier I became
aware of the two of them, also lost in their own recovery. I glanced over at each of them, Brians black
cock glistening with my saliva, his eyes half closed, a smile on his face, and
then Adam, his flaccid cock still hanging out of his trousers, eyes closed,
breathing steadily.

&nbsp;

I glanced at my watch. There was still
forty-five minutes to go until the end of school. I smiled to myself. Go with the flow Alan had said. Hed been right, once again. Id allowed myself to be manipulated and used
by the two of them, and I couldnt deny Id enjoyed myself. I took a deep breath.

&nbsp;

Will that be all for today then, sirs, or
is there something else youd like?

&nbsp;

They both opened their eyes and looked at
me with renewed interest.

&nbsp;

Nah, you dont get away that easily!
Brian grinned. I liked it when you were playing with yourself. Get back on the floor and do it some more.

&nbsp;

I grinned back at him and rolled onto my
back. I spread my legs wide, giving him
a clear view of my wet pussy lips, then began to work two fingers into my
tunnel once again. I pulled my fingers,
sticky with Adams jism, from my pussy and very deliberately I sucked them
until they were clean. I heard Brian
gasp as I did this.

&nbsp;

Told you, shes fucking insatiable! Adam laughed.

&nbsp;

Thats right, Brian, I cant get enough
cock these days. It doesnt matter how
much I have, I still want more. Do you
want to have me again, right here? You can
you know. You can have me anytime you
want. Tell me what you want me to do.

&nbsp;

I know what I want you to do. Adam said.

&nbsp;

Tell me.
I breathed.

&nbsp;

I want you to be my little money
spinner. How does that sound to you?

&nbsp;

W, w, what do I have to do? I stammered,
my heart already racing.

&nbsp;

Anything I tell you to do, right? I can make a fortune selling your knickers to
the boys, but thats not all. I could
sell them tickets to see your cunt.
Yeah! Ten quid and they get to
see you drop your knickers and have a good look at your cunt. How about that?

&nbsp;

I shuddered. This boy knew no limits at all. Not yet, Adam please. I cant do that yet, theres too long to go
before the end of term, someone will find out and then well all be in
trouble. Please Adam, wait for just
another week, hmmm? For the last few
days of term, yes? Then Ill do whatever
you like, and it wont matter because Ill be leaving. How does that sound?

&nbsp;

He motioned for me to carry on playing with
myself, which I did, feeling my excitement building again. So if I wait until after next week youll go
for it? That would mean there was only
three days of term to go. Hmmm, not long
to make the kind of money I want to be getting.

&nbsp;

Ill do whatever you want, Adam, I
promise. And in the meantime, you and
Brian can do anything you want to me. I
heard Brian chuckle then he said, That sounds like a real good deal to me
Adam. We can sell her off next week for
delivery the following week. That way we
all win!

&nbsp;

I gasped at being described so blatantly as
a saleable commodity, but the thrill which ran through me at the prospect was
undeniable.

&nbsp;

Got yourself a deal, bitch! Adam announced, Now get over here and suck
my cock.

&nbsp;

I clambered up onto my knees and made my
way over to him. He lay back contentedly
as I took his soft cock into my mouth and began to suck him gently. He responded at once and he stiffened further
as I swirled my tongue across his glans.
Soon he was fully erect, his hot shaft throbbing in my mouth. I stroked his balls, bobbed my head down onto
his cock and sucked and licked enthusiastically. I knew he was close.

&nbsp;

Let me come on your tits again. He
groaned. I nodded at him, still not
taking his cock from my mouth. Moments
later he started to shoot into my mouth.
As I had done before I grasped his cock and pulled it from my
mouth. The first spurt splashed across
my face, and then I was able to direct his cock so that his hot seed spilled
onto my breasts. As he gasped and
slumped back, content, I began to massage his come into my breasts. He smiled at me. I turned to Brian. 

&nbsp;

Adam likes to come across my tits and then
watch me massage it in. Do you like to
watch that too, Brian?

&nbsp;

He grinned at me too, and in moments I was
sucking again on his stiff, black cock.
I didnt wait to be told, I sucked his cock and stroked his balls until
he started to come again, then held his shaft as he sprayed his jism across my
body. Afterwards they both grinned as
they watched me massage their sticky come into my breasts.

&nbsp;

They made me bring myself off one more time
for their amusement, telling them how I would let them do anything they liked
to me, begging them to strip me and spank me at their leisure, offering to suck
them whenever they wanted, and above all, promising to allow them to sell me to
their school friends in just a few short days.
As I neared my climax a thrill of fear ran through me at the thought of
what they would make me do, it was enough to provide me with another powerful
orgasm.

&nbsp;

Afterwards they stood and watched me
dressing before escorting me back to my classroom. There they took their opportunity to have
another feel, running their hands across my breasts, pinching my nipples,
making me pull up my skirt so that they could admire my still red bottom, and
running their fingers over my over-sensitive clit and giggling again when I
squealed. And then they left, Brian calling over his shoulder See you tomorrow
night Alison, before they both swaggered off. 

&nbsp;

I sat shakily, trying to make sense of what
had happened to me, and what I had agreed with Adam and Brian for the final
days of term. This was where Alan found
me some time later. He asked what was
wrong, and I told him about Adams little money making scheme. He laughed loudly at that.

&nbsp;

Now theres a boy wholl go along way in
this world! He grinned.

&nbsp;

You dont think its too much or too
dangerous then?

&nbsp;

No.
Like you said, therell only be three days of term left by then. No ones going to be too bothered at that
stage. I think youll have a great
time. Just think, when you go into
retirement and back to John, youll leave a whole load of happy schoolboys
behind you! Theyll remember you for the
rest of their lives. Now thats
something. And you can wank yourself
silly remembering it for the rest of your life.

&nbsp;

Looks like its all agreed then!

&nbsp;

We made our way to the car and started the
drive home. Alan wanted to play the
traffic light game again, and so at every red light I opened another button on
my blouse. Once again, I found this
highly arousing and by the time I parked the car near to where we lived my
blouse was almost completely open, my nipples were stiff and I was feeling
incredibly randy! I strolled along
beside Alan, feeling the breeze playing on my breasts. Occasionally, a gently gust would go up my
skirt and caress my pussy. When it did,
I could feel the wetness there.

&nbsp;

By the time we got to the flat I was
seriously aroused. He closed the
communal door behind us and I turned, fully intending to coax him into having
me, right there on the stairs if necessary.
Alan had other ideas. 

&nbsp;

Go and clean your pussy, get rid of that
brats jism. He ordered, Then come to
my flat. Wear some of your sexy
underwear for a change, Ive got an idea.

&nbsp;

I hurried to the bathroom, feeling the
excitement start to build. This was
already planned to be the most depraved weekend of my life, and Alan had just
calmly announced that he had ideas to take it even further! Hed never ordered me to wear anything other
then plain, simple white bras and knickers before. I felt a thrill of anticipation at the
thought of what he might have in mind.

&nbsp;

I showered quickly, then carefully shaved
my pussy and underarms, applying moisturiser afterwards to make sure my skin
felt perfectly smooth. As I rubbed it
gently into my pubic mound I felt myself becoming even more aroused. I thought about having a quick diddle to
bring myself off  I knew it would only take a minute or two, but decided
against it, preferring instead to wait and see what agonies and ecstasies Alan
had in store.

&nbsp;

I dried myself and walked to my bedroom
stark naked, half-hoping that Alan would be there to see me in all my
glory. I had now reached the stage where
I actively craved being seen naked by as many men as possible! I was disappointed, however. Alan was nowhere to be seen. In my bedroom I sat, still naked, and applied
a little, subtle make-up. I brushed my long, silky hair until it shone, then
started a search of my lingerie drawer.

&nbsp;

My nice knickers drawer, as I called it,
had several items which John had bought for me, or which I had bought for his
enjoyment, and the thought of wearing these for Alans amusement felt
deliciously unfaithful. For the first
time in days I thought of what John might say if he ever got to know what Id
been up to these past weeks. I shook my
head and smiled ruefully. John would go
clean out of his mind if he knew!

&nbsp;

I chose a small pair of black satin briefs,
which consisted of a strip of elastic and very little else. There was just enough fabric at the front to
cover my shaven mound, and at the back the material quickly disappeared between
the cheeks of my bum. I selected a suspender belt to match and put this on,
then rolled a new pair of seamed stockings on, taking great care to ensure that
the seams were straight. Finally, a
half-cup satin bra, also in black, completed my ensemble. I looked at myself in the mirror. I hoped Alan would like what he saw!

&nbsp;

Hed given me no instructions on what to
wear, other than to wear some sexy underwear, so I pulled on a pair of black
stilettos and made my way up to his flat.
He made me stand in front of him while he ran his eyes over me. I was made to turn around, bend over, walk
around. All the time he appraised me
with a cool gaze. Finally he grinned and
said, Very nice. Very nice indeed. You know what youre going to do tonight?

&nbsp;

No?

&nbsp;

Youre going shopping! Me and Neil are going to take you to a big
shopping complex, and youre going to put on a show!

&nbsp;

Tell me more then!

&nbsp;

Neil will be here in a while, well tell
you more then. While were waiting, why
dont you come over here and show me how friendly you can be!

&nbsp;

I walked towards him as provocatively as I
could, then dropped to my knees between his thighs. With a knowing grin on my face I reached for
the zip of his trousers, slowly lowering it.
I opened the button fastening his trousers then stroked his cock through
his underwear, feeling it stiffen. I
pulled his cock free and wanked it firmly.
He groaned and lifted his hips so that I could pull his trousers down to
mid thigh.

&nbsp;

I sucked his glans into my mouth and
immediately began to stroke and caress his scrotum, slipping my hand beneath
him, tickling his arse.

&nbsp;

Whatre you going to make me do? I breathed.

&nbsp;

Youll find out. He grinned.

&nbsp;

Youre going to make me show my knickers,
arent you?

&nbsp;

Maybe. You just keep on sucking!

&nbsp;

I did too! I sucked away at his hard cock
lovingly, wanking it into my mouth, doing everything I could to please him
until he finally shot his load into my welcoming mouth. As I sank back on my haunches, having
swallowed as much of his come as I could the doorbell rang. Alan sighed and settled into the sofa.

&nbsp;

Ill get that then! I laughed, and made my way downstairs to
answer the door, not stopping to put on any kind of dressing gown. I opened the door and saw Neil standing
there. His eyes raked over me, taking in the stockings, suspenders, knickers
and bra.

&nbsp;

You going to stand there all day while I
get cold? I grinned at him.

&nbsp;

Dont worry, I know the perfect way to
warm you up! He laughed as he stepped inside.
As I closed the door his hands began to maul my bottom, squeezing and
kneading the cheeks. Then he dragged the
delicate fabric of my knickers to one side and began to push his finger against
my back door. I leaned back against him,
relishing the suddenness and roughness of his approach. He reached around me and began to cup my
breasts with his free hand, pushing the cups of my bra aside and pinching my
nipples. I gasped as my body began to
respond to his attentions. Then he
switched his hand from my bottom to my pussy, thrusting his hand down the front
of my knickers and rubbing his fingers along my pussy lips. I groaned and arched my back, pushing my hips
forward to meet his fingers.

&nbsp;

There now, not cold any more, are
you? He chuckled.

&nbsp;

I reached behind me and began to rub his
crotch with the heel of my hand, feeling his over-sized cock start to swell
inside his trousers. I turned round and
began to open the zip of his trousers, reaching inside to find his cock. To my surprise he pushed my hand away.

&nbsp;

Lets go upstairs. He muttered.
Feeling slightly disappointed I made my way up to Alans flat, making a
point of swaying my hips provocatively as I climbed the stairs. Neil reached out and ran his fingers along
the seams of my stockings, then stroked the smooth, sensitive skin above my
stocking tops. By the time we reached
Alans flat I was practically purring!

&nbsp;

As we entered Alans living room the two of
them grinned at each other, like two naughty schoolboys. Without being asked I fetched them both
drinks, then stood in front of them, awaiting my instructions.

&nbsp;

Neither of them seemed to be in any kind of
hurry. I could feel the heat in my
pussy, like an itch I couldnt scratch.

&nbsp;

So what are we doing tonight? I asked
after several minutes had passed.

&nbsp;

Well first I want a blow-job. Said Neil, And then youre going to put on a
show.

&nbsp;

I dropped to my knees before Neil and
opened his trousers, revealing his cock, which I began to wank with long, slow
strokes, feeling it pulsing in my hand.

&nbsp;

Thats what Alan said, but you havent
told me what kind of a show. I
complained.

&nbsp;

Neil motioned for me to get to work on his
cock. I sighed and began to suck and
lick at his swollen organ, stroking his balls as I did so. In no time at all he was sighing contentedly
as I bobbed my head up and down on him. After a few minutes he tensed and then
started to shoot into my mouth. I gulped
down his seed greedily, and as he finally finished with a huge sigh I let his
softening member slip from my mouth.

&nbsp;

I looked up at him lovingly. Please tell me what youre going to make me
do.

&nbsp;

Oh, nothing much. Youre going to a few shops and youre going
to let a few men have a good look at you, thats all. He giggled.
I heard Alan laugh too.

&nbsp;

What do you mean  have a good look at
me? I said in astonishment.

&nbsp;

Simple.
You just have to let them see up your skirt or down your top, anything
like that really.

&nbsp;

I know!
Said Alan suddenly, You go into some changing rooms and leave the door
open a bit. We got Keith to do that with
Lin once. Brill! She must have flashed her tits to a hundred
blokes that afternoon!

&nbsp;

And you want me to do that?

&nbsp;

Sure, yes, absolutely. They both chorused.

&nbsp;

Ten minutes later we were in Alans car on
the way to a huge shopping centre on the outskirts of town. I had put a three quarter length cotton skirt
and dark blue blouse over my nice undies, and still felt incredibly sexy. As we drove along, with the two of them in
the front and me in the back, I slid down in my seat and began to rub my pussy
through the fabric of my clothing. I was
just starting to enjoy the sensations when Neil noticed what I was doing.

&nbsp;

Oh no you dont! No playing with your pussy until were on the
way home.

&nbsp;

Why? I whined.

&nbsp;

Just do as youre told, unless you want
your arse smacked?

&nbsp;

Yes Neil, er I mean no Neil. I giggled.

&nbsp;

I wriggled in frustration, then sat back
with a huff. A short time later we
arrived at the shopping centre.

&nbsp;

Right then, off you go. Just have a wander around the store and give
a couple of guys a look at those nice knickers of yours. Well be in there watching, so dont even
think about trying to dodge this, right?

&nbsp;

I nodded, then got out of the car, feeling
more than a little nervous. I walked
into the first store I came to, a stationers.
I was racking my brains for a way of complying with their orders. I toyed with the idea of sabotaging the
fastenings on my skirt so that it fell to the floor as I carried some shopping,
but that was too much for me. And then I
noticed one of the sales assistants was following a very pretty young woman
around the store. She was wearing a
short skirt, several inches above the knee, and seemed to be interested in a
number of items on the bottom shelves of the displays. He would position himself on the other side
of the shelves from her, and as she squatted down he would crane his neck to
see up her skirt. He didnt seem to be
having much luck, judging by the frustrated look on his face, but it gave me an
idea.

&nbsp;

I looked around the store until I found the
kind of man I was looking for. He was in
his mid-forties, grey, thinning hair, overweight, dressed in beige. He was pretending to look at some magazine or
other, but in reality he was watching all the women who passed by. I sauntered over to him and took up position
on the display shelves opposite him. I
could see him out of the corner of my eye, watching me. Carefully I squatted down, pretending to read
the contents page of a magazine. My
heart was beating wildly at the prospect of what I was about to do. When I knew he was looking in my direction I
opened my legs slightly and I heard him draw in a deep breath. I knew he could see right up my skirt to my
stocking tops and beyond. I glanced up
at him and he looked away hurriedly, pretending nothing had happened.

&nbsp;

I walked slowly around the store, wildly
excited, and noticed that he was following me.
Whenever I stopped to look at an item, he would always position himself
so thet he was on the opposite side of a shelf to me, able to see right
through. I gave him two more glimpses up
my skirt before I turned and walked toward the exit. As I did, I saw Alan and Neil watching, sly
grins on their faces.

&nbsp;

They followed me to the next three stores,
where I repeated my display for the enjoyment of a number of startled, and
highly amused men. I had started to
enjoy myself. I felt deliciously wanton,
and very, very sexy! As I left another
store Neil approached me.

&nbsp;

Go to the toilets and take your knickers
off. He grinned, Then do it again.

&nbsp;

God! You mean let a complete stranger look
up my skirt when Ive got no knickers on?
You want me to show my pussy to a complete stranger?

&nbsp;

Exactly!
Get on with it!

&nbsp;

I swallowed nervously, then made my way to
the nearest toilets. I locked myself in
a cubicle and slipped off my nice, satin knickers, putting them carefully into
my bag. I checked myself in the mirror
before I left the toilets, smoothing my clothes into place, then strode into
the store.

&nbsp;

I looked around for my next lucky
customer, but couldnt see anyone who appealed. I glanced over to the door to see the two of
them watching me, highly amused. And
then I noticed I was being watched by a youth who was no more that sixteen or
seventeen. He was looking me up and down
in the way that boys of that age do. I
let him follow me around the store, before I positioned him as Id done with
the others. I squatted down, reached for a book and opened my legs. He had an unobstructed view right up to my
pussy. I saw his eyes widen as he took
in the view! I almost came I felt so
sexy! I stayed in position for about five seconds before I stood and moved
away. I glanced over my shoulder at him
to see him rubbing his crotch.

&nbsp;

My technique worked a treat! I flashed to about half a dozen men of
varying ages over the next hour or so, and then I spotted a clothing store and
made my way inside, followed by Alan and Neil who were clearly having a great
time! I could feel the dampness of my
pussy and my heart was racing. I was on
the brink of an orgasm. I knew if I
touched my clit, even briefly, Id climax.

&nbsp;

I looked through the lingerie section and
selected three bras of various colours and styles, then made my way to the
changing area. I had deliberately
selected this store because it had a unisex changing area. Inside there were a number of cubicles, with
a heavy curtain to each one. A woman
attendant sat at the entrance.

&nbsp;

I nodded to her as I went in, then selected
a cubicle as near to the front as possible, that way anyone coming in or going
out would have to pass me. I could see
that several of the cubicles were occupied, and I pulled the curtain of mine
across carefully. Like all changing
cubicles, this one had a full-length mirror.
I checked to make sure Id left the curtain open enough for anyone
passing to see in, then started to undress.
I opened my blouse slowly, waiting for someone to pass. As I opened the last button a man of about my
own age passed the cubicle. I watched in
the mirror as he stopped then pretended to be examining the inside of his
jacket.

&nbsp;

I slipped off my blouse and quickly
unfastened my bra, letting it fall into my hands. Then I stood and began to examine the bras I
had brought into the cubicle with me, as if considering which to try first. I
knew he was getting a clear view of my naked breasts. I felt the cool air of the cubicle on my
nipples, felt them stiffen with excitement.

&nbsp;

I slipped on a bra, then thrust my shoulders
back, forcing my breasts out and admiring my reflection in the mirror. Then I took off the bra and cupped my
breasts, as if weighing them. I put on
another bra, then removed it, finally putting my own back on and pulling on my
blouse. I heard him chuckle to himself,
then he left.

&nbsp;

I put the bras back on the rails and left
the store, now more randy than ever!
Neil sauntered over to me. How
did it go, then?

&nbsp;

If I dont get some relief soon Im going
to explode!

&nbsp;

He laughed out loud. Just one more store then. But I want to see you lose the lot this time,
ok?

&nbsp;

I nodded dumbly. I made my way to the next clothes store and
selected a blue cotton dress with buttons all the way up the front. Then I went to the changing area. Each cubicle had its own saloon type door,
which enabled anyone outside to see the occupants head and legs below the
knees. Each door was secured by a small
catch on the inside.

&nbsp;

I went inside and began to undress. My blouse and bra came first, then I started
to open my skirt. I glanced in the
mirror to see that three men were watching me, whilst pretending to be doing
something else. I slipped my skirt down
and stood in the cubicle, stark naked. I
drew in a deep breath, then let the door swing open three or four inches. I knew they could all see my bare bum, and
that they could also see the front of my body reflected in the mirror. Everything I had was on show as I stood in
the cubicle. 

&nbsp;

I accidentally dropped the dress I had
selected, bending from the waist to pick it up, giving them a view of my bum
and also a glimpse of my slit. For no
reason at all I stood and turned, looking at my bum in the mirror, but giving
my audience a chance to see my breasts and my shaven mound. After about a minute I decided Id had
enough.

&nbsp;

I pulled on my bra and blouse, leaving my
skirt until last. Then I left the
cubicle. I glanced at one of my admirers
as I left and he grinned at me sheepishly before winking at me. I felt myself flushing as I brushed past
them, then I left the store as quickly as I could.

&nbsp;

I dashed across the car park to where Alan
and Neil were waiting for me and practically threw myself into the car. As Alan
started the engine I covered my face with my hands in sheer embarrassment, and
found that my skin was hot to the touch.

&nbsp;

How did you like that then? Neil grinned.

&nbsp;

Like my worst nightmare and sexiest dream
combined! I grinned back.

&nbsp;

You all hot and randy now then?

&nbsp;

Mmmmm!
I moaned, Oh God, Neil, Im on fire!
Jesus, I need to come so badly. Can I do it here, please Neil? Please?
I whined, begging for permission to play with my own pussy!

&nbsp;

Sure.
He chuckled, But you have to use that.
He tossed a white plastic vibrator at me. I swallowed nervously. I didnt really want to use the toy, but I
was so desperate for some relief now I was panting!

&nbsp;

I slid down in the back seat of the car,
dragging my skirt up as I did so. I
spread my legs and lifted my skirt up to my waist, then slowly began to stroke
my pussy lips and Neil watched, a mocking smile on his face. As he enjoyed the view I slipped a finger
between my lips. My clit was hard and
swollen and deliciously sensitive. As soon
as I touched it waves of pleasure began to radiate through my entire body. I heard myself groan, and the others giggle.

&nbsp;

I spread my pussy lips and placed the tip
of the vibrator at the entrance to my sopping wet tunnel. Then I slowly pushed it into me. I groaned again as I felt it stimulate the walls
of my pussy, spreading me wonderfully. I
lifted my finger to my lips, tasting my pussy juices, then began to stroke my
clit gently as I slowly pushed the vibrator deeper into me.

&nbsp;

Turn it on then! Neil urged.

&nbsp;

I turned the switch at the base of the toy,
hearing the low buzz and feeling the vibrations immediately radiating inside
me. I stroked my hard little clit with
the tip of my finger, gently teasing it out from under its hood, circling the
super-sensitive head, eyes closed, lost in a sea of pure pleasure, oblivious to
everything else.

&nbsp;

I began to screw myself with the buzzing
vibrator whilst playing with my clit.
The sensations were wonderful and I was soon thrusting my hips up to
meet the smooth, plastic shaft as it slid effortlessly and deeply into me. I pictured how I must have looked to the men
in the shops, my stocking tops and knickers exposed, and then my bare, shaved
pussy on display for them, my naked breasts and finally my entire body unveiled
for my small but enthusiastic audience.
I felt fantastically sexy. My
fingers began to speed up as they stroked and stimulated my swollen clit, I
pushed the vibrator deeper and deeper into my hot tunnel, the waves of pleasure
sweeping though me grew in intensity and then I started to come.

&nbsp;

I felt my body start to shake as every
muscle seemed to contract as my orgasm continued to intensify. I pushed the vibrator deep into my pussy and
rubbed my clit furiously, totally lost in the overwhelming ecstasy of the
moment. I saw bright, hot colours in my
minds eye, I closed my legs, clamping them tightly together onto my
hands. Far away in the distance I heard
myself crying and wailing, and then it was subsiding and I collapsed, weeping,
onto the floor of the car. I felt the
still buzzing vibrator slip from me. I
drew my knees up to my chest, hugging them and burying my face in my arms as I
began to recover from a staggeringly powerful orgasm.

&nbsp;

After a few moments I began to giggle,
tears still running down my face, my breath still coming in ragged gasps, but I
couldnt help myself. My giggles turned
to laughter and before I knew it I was laughing uncontrollably. Neil and Alan joined in, until eventually
Neil asked, What are you laughing about?


&nbsp;

I honestly have no idea! I managed to choke out, before another wave
of laughter hit me.

&nbsp;

Finally I was able to get myself under
control. I smoothed my skirt back into
place, switched off the vibrator and slipped it into my bag  I had plans for
that little devil later on, and sat back in the car. I looked around to see that we were on the
motorway.

&nbsp;

Where are we, and where are we going? I
asked.

&nbsp;

Were on the motorway, and were going to
your next encounter. Neil grinned.

&nbsp;

What do you mean next encounter? Whats going on?

&nbsp;

At that moment Alan started to leave the
motorway, pulling off into a service station.


&nbsp;

What are we doing here? I asked.

&nbsp;

Give me your bag. Neil demanded as Alan
brought the car to a stop. I handed over
my shoulder bag and watched as Neil started to inspect the contents. He pulled out my knickers and threw them to
me, Put those back on. He ordered. I
slipped them on, wriggling my hips as I pulled them up.

&nbsp;

Ok, now what?

&nbsp;

Ok, heres the deal. Neil began, a smirk on his face. Weve come two junctions down the motorway
from home, thats about twenty miles, right?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

So heres where you get out!

&nbsp;

What do you mean?

&nbsp;

Were leaving you here. You have to make
your own way home from here.

&nbsp;

And just how am I supposed to do that?

&nbsp;

Hitch a lift! Alan said simply.

&nbsp;

But theres no telling who I might end up
with. I said, appalled at the prospect.

&nbsp;

Exactly! they said in unison.

&nbsp;

The best thing to do would be to go over
the bridge there and go to the lorry park. Theres bound to be a few trucks
heading north from here. Just chat up
the drivers and youll soon get a lift. Go on, off you go! Neil urged.

&nbsp;

But I, er , I dont know how. I mean, what am I supposed to say when they
ask what Im doing here?

&nbsp;

Tell them you had an argument with your
boyfriend. Tell them he wanted you to
give him a blowjob but you refused. He
got angry and threw you out of the car.

&nbsp;

I hesitated, suddenly I didnt want to play
any more. Neil got out of the car,
opened my door and pulled me out. Then
he jumped back in and they roared off, sounding their horn and waving happily. I stood watching them go for a moment,
expecting them to stop at the last minute, but instead they disappeared onto
the slip road and back onto the motorway.
I looked around me. The car par
of the services was virtually empty.
Feeling suddenly very vulnerable, I made my way to the bridge and began
to cross over to the other side of the motorway. 

&nbsp;

As I descended on the other side a sudden
gust of wind caught my skirt and lifted it over my waist, exposing my stockings
and suspenders, as well as my knickers.
I heard a brief cheer from my right and turned to see about five truck
drivers enjoying cigarettes and hot drinks.
I looked around. There were no
other drivers in the car park. Unless I
wanted to take my chances and wait, I would have to approach the group.

&nbsp;

I walked as confidently as I could towards
the men. As I drew closer I could see
they were all in their forties or even older.
Every one of them was dirty, sweaty. Most wore jeans and vests, one had
a torn T-shirt on instead. They all wore
three or four-day stubble, and they were all carrying far too much weight.

&nbsp;

Excuse me, could you help me please? I said as calmly as I could.

&nbsp;

Depends what you need, darlin. One said.
The others laughed.

&nbsp;

I need a ride. I said, stupidly. They laughed again.

&nbsp;

Youve come to the right place then,
love!

&nbsp;

Er, I mean, I need a ride north. I need to get home, and I dont have any
money.

&nbsp;

One of them walked casually towards me, his
eyes ranging over my body as he drew closer.
How did you get here then, sweetheart?

&nbsp;

I was out with my boyfriend. I stammered. We had an argument. He left me here. Hes taken my bag, its still in the car. Its got all my money.

&nbsp;

You mean he just drove off and left you
here. A pretty little piece like
you? He must be crazy! Anything could happen to you, these are rough
places, darlin. You want to be
careful. The others murmured their
agreement.

&nbsp;

Yes, Ill be careful. I promise.
Can any of you help me, please? I
only need to go a few miles.

&nbsp;

They asked where I needed to get to. I told
them. One of them grinned. This is your lucky day darlin. Thats right where Im goin
I can drop you right at your door.

&nbsp;

I looked at my rescuer. Mid forties, overweight, sweat stained. His arms heavily tattooed, his features
blurred by age and over weight, his greying, greasy hair combed over to cover
an obvious bald patch. He looked at me
like hed just won a prize. Some of the
others looked irritated.

&nbsp;

Come on then, darlin. You come with me, yes?

&nbsp;

I nodded.
I didnt feel I had any choice. I
followed him until he unlocked the doors of a large, white box van. He stood at the passenger door, holding it
open for me.

&nbsp;

Up you get then. He leered. I stepped into the van and started to pull
myself up into the high passenger seat.
As I did so I felt his hand on my bottom.

&nbsp;

Let me help you in. He chuckled, then pushed, lifting me into the
seat. He slammed the door then quickly
made his way to the drivers side. In
moments we were on our way, passing the remaining group of drivers he gave them
a thumbs-up sign, grinning broadly.

&nbsp;

Once we were on the motorway he said, So
how old are you then, darlin?

&nbsp;

Twenty two.

&nbsp;

Whats your name then?

&nbsp;

Alison.

&nbsp;

Thats pretty. Im Billy.
You say you had an argument with your boyfriend?

&nbsp;

Thats right.

&nbsp;

What about?

&nbsp;

Oh, something really silly. Nothing
important.

&nbsp;

So what was it, then?

&nbsp;

Id rather not say.

&nbsp;

Well, thats not very friendly, is
it? Im only making conversation, but if
youre going to be like that, maybe I should just drop you at the next
services?

&nbsp;

No, please! I didnt mean to be rude. I was just a bit embarrassed, thats
all. I suppose I feel a bit foolish. Please, I need to get home.

&nbsp;

Well, ok then. So what was the argument about?

&nbsp;

He wanted me to do something, and I didnt
want to do it, thats all.

&nbsp;

What did he want you to do?

&nbsp;

I could see I wasnt going to get out of
this. Billy wanted to know all the
details of my imagined argument.

&nbsp;

If you really need to know, he wanted me
to give him a blow job, and I said no.

&nbsp;

He laughed.
Why did you say no, then?

&nbsp;

I just didnt want to do it, ok?

&nbsp;

Too good for that then, eh?

&nbsp;

No.
Its not that. I just didnt want
to do it tonight, thats all.

&nbsp;

And so he chucked you out the car?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

He was silent for a few minutes, then the
van started to slow as we approached a junction.

&nbsp;

You do much hitch-hiking? 

&nbsp;

No.

&nbsp;

Theres a kind of agreement that exists,
you know?

&nbsp;

What kind of agreement? I could tell what was coming.

&nbsp;

We call it a ride for a ride, got that?

&nbsp;

What do you mean?

&nbsp;

Simple.
You need a ride, but you cant pay for it. I need a different kind of ride, and I dont
want to pay for it! See?

&nbsp;

I played dumb, looking at him
uncomprehending.

&nbsp;

Simple, girly. I do you a favour by giving you a lift, you
do me a favour by dropping your knickers.
Deal?

&nbsp;

I pretended to look shocked. I hesitated for a moment, then nodded. I really didnt want to be here with this
dirty, smelly man, but I knew things could be even worse if he dropped me in
the middle of nowhere.

&nbsp;

Good girl!
Now theres a nice, quiet spot I know just half a mile off the
motorway. Well go there now, and you
can show me how grateful you are, ok?
He grinned. I smiled weakly.

&nbsp;

We left the motorway and he drove us to an
industrial estate car park. There were
no other cars or vans in the place, we were completely alone. He switched off the engine, turned on the
interior light in the cab then turned to me with a lecherous smile on his face.

&nbsp;

Now then, pretty girl. Why dont we start with having a look at what
youve got on your chest? Come on, lets
have a look at your titties then.

&nbsp;

I fumbled with the buttons of my blouse,
then opened it up. He leaned across, took hold of my bra and pushed it up
exposing my breasts. He immediately
began to maul them, his rough skin scraping across my nipples.

&nbsp;

Mmmmm, nice. You got a nice pair of knockers here, havent
you.

&nbsp;

He pulled me towards him, ducked his head
and began to suck on my right nipple, his tongue darting across my flesh. I was revolted by his touch. 

&nbsp;

His hand began to grope my thigh, feeling
for the hem of my skirt. He found it in
moments and began to slip his hand up my skirt, squeezing my leg
repeatedly. Still sucking on my breast
he thrust his hand up my skirt until he came to my stocking tops. He stopped suddenly.

&nbsp;

Well, what do we have here? He chortled.
I never would have taken you for an old fashioned girl! Lie back and let me have a proper look then.

&nbsp;

I lay back in the seat and lifted my skirt
until it was bunched around my waist. He
made me open my legs so that he could stroke the soft, sensitive skin of my
inner thighs above my stocking tops.
Then came the moment I dreaded.
His fingers moved from the tops of my thighs and began to stroke along
the length of my pussy. My knickers were
still damp from my earlier exploits. He
felt this at once. He grinned.

&nbsp;

My, my.
Proper little minx, arent you?

&nbsp;

He slipped his fingers inside the leg of my
knickers and immediately ran a rough finger over my pussy lips. I saw his eyes widen with lust as he felt my
shaven lips. Then he began to pull on my
knickers urgently, dragging them down, exposing more and more of my pussy with
each callous pull. I resigned myself to
losing them, lifting my bottom to let him remove them. Then he grabbed hold of each leg just above
the knee, and forced them wide apart, his gaze fixed on my pussy.

&nbsp;

When my legs were as far apart as they
would go he released them, still staring at my slit. Stay like that. He barked.
I did as I was told.

&nbsp;

He sat back in his seat and reached for his
cigarettes. He lit one and blew out a
large cloud of blue smoke. Then her
turned back to me, his eyes raking over my entire body.

&nbsp;

Well you are a pretty piece, arent
you. Nice tits, and a shaved cunt, very
nice! Very nice indeed! And your boyfriend dumped you at the services
because you wouldnt suck him off? What
a Pratt!

&nbsp;

He reached out and began to stroke my pussy
lips, then slowly pushed a finger into my tunnel. Of course, I was still wet from my orgasm
earlier. He obviously thought it was
because of his attentions.

&nbsp;

Hot little bitch. You like having your cunt fingered, dont
you? I didnt answer. He pushed another finger into me and began to
slowly finger-fuck me. When I shifted my
hips to make myself more comfortable he mistook this as a sign of enjoyment on
my part, snickering to himself as he pushed his fingers into me, wriggling them
around inside me.

&nbsp;

After a few minutes of this, he made me
turn my back to him and kneel on the seat, then he inserted his fingers into me
again and carried on finger-fucking me.

&nbsp;

You like this? You like having your cunt fingered?

&nbsp;

Fearful of what hed do if I said no, I
nodded, glancing over my shoulder to smile at him, all the time wishing I were
a million miles away from him.

&nbsp;

Course you do. Anyone can see a hot little bitch like you is
going to love having her cunt fingered.
Cant get enough of it, can you.
What about your arse? You take it up the shitter?

&nbsp;

I groaned as he removed his fingers from my
pussy and began to press one digit against my puckered little hole. I felt my sphincter relax at once and his
finger slid slowly into me.

&nbsp;

He grunted happily as he slid his finger
into me. I see you like it up the arse
too! You let your boyfriend fuck you up
there? Well do you?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

Hmmmm.
I might fancy having you that way myself. Have you pull your arse cheeks apart for me,
then stuff my prick up your tight little shitter. Would you like that?

&nbsp;

Without waiting for a response, he carried
on, I bet you would! I bet you love it
up the arse, dont you. I bet you beg
for it that way, dont you? Why dont
you beg me for it that way? Go on, ask me to fuck you up the arse. Do it!

&nbsp;

Please, Billy. I whispered, Please fuck
me up the arse.

&nbsp;

No, I dont think I will. He snapped, Turn around. He barked, pulling
his fingers out of me.

&nbsp;

I turned to face him again. His face looked angry. My blouse still hung open, my bra pushed up
above my breasts.

&nbsp;

Lets have another look at those jugs of
yours. He smirked. I held open my blouse for him.

&nbsp;

Oh thats good. Stay like that. He ordered.
Without warning he suddenly lashed out and began top slap my breasts. The first blows left me too shocked to move,
and then the stinging sensation reached my brain and I tried to protect myself
from his assault.

&nbsp;

He grabbed my wrists and pulled them away
from my body, then he roughly grabbed my face, pulling me towards him. Keep still you little slut! He growled, Or
Ill make you really sorry. He then
began to slap my breasts again. I had no
choice but to sit there holding my blouse open, exposing my bare breasts for
him, letting him hit me, gasping with each slap, with each stinging blow.
Occasionally he would reach out and pinch one of my nipples, making me cry out
in pain. His face would light up with
pleasure and amusement, then thered be more slaps, stinging my skin. All the
time he kept up a stream of abuse.

&nbsp;

Im not going to give it to you up the
arse, or even up the cunt. No. Im going to make you pay for being such a
stuck up bitch earlier on. Youre going
to suck me off, got that? Maybe thatll teach you to be nicer to your
boyfriend. No wonder he threw you out of
the car. He probably knows what kind of
a slut you are, dropping your knickers for the first bloke to give you a lift,
begging him to fuck you up the arse.
Jesus! You really are a cheap little slut, arent you? Arent you?
He yelled.

&nbsp;

Yes! I yelled back, desperate to get out
of there but too scared to try to run, 

Yes Im a cheap little slut. Im sorry Billy, please dont hurt me any
more, Im sorry.

&nbsp;

He laughed again, then leaned back in his
seat and opened his dirty, oil stained jeans.
He pushed them down to mid thigh, then motioned for me to begin.

&nbsp;

Get on with it then, I dont have all
fuckin night, do I? Oh, and any teeth
marks and re-arrange your face, got it?

&nbsp;

I nodded and moved over to him. It was all I could do to find his cock
beneath the rolls of fat, but finally I did and began to suck him as best as I
could. He chuckled to himself as I
stroked his balls, and I felt his cock stiffen in my mouth. He tasted and smelt awful. I felt sick as I
inhaled his body odour and tasted the skin of his cock as it slid over my
tongue. I hoped hed come quickly, but
he seemed to be enjoying the experience.
He kept reaching down and grabbing one of my breasts, mauling it roughly,
pinching my nipple.

&nbsp;

Once or twice he patted me gently on the
head, muttering, Theres a good girl.
Then I felt him stiffen and I knew he was about to come. I got ready to pull away from him, but he
grabbed my head with both hands and forced my face down onto his cock as he
started to shoot into my mouth. I
swallowed all of his noxious seed, retching as I did so. Finally, he finished, gasping for breath and
reaching for his cigarettes. He released
his grip on my head, allowing me to sit up in my seat.

&nbsp;

I pulled my bra back into place then
fastened my blouse. When I reached for
my knickers he snatched them from me. Ill have those. He grinned, stuffing them into his pocket as
he fastened his jeans. I shrugged and
smoothed my skirt back into place.

&nbsp;

Without another word he started up the
engine and we made our way back to the motorway. Within another half an hour we had reached
the area where I lived. I didnt want to
take the chance of him knowing where I lived, so with about a quarter of a mile
to go I said, This will do me fine, thanks Billy.

&nbsp;

Ok darlin. He said, cheerfully, and pulled over. As I tried to open the door, he said, Dont
I get a goodnight kiss then?

&nbsp;

I leaned over reluctantly, intending to
give him a brief peck on the cheek, but he had other plans. He pulled me into a
tight embrace and forced his mouth down on mine. His tongue forced its way into my
mouth. Then he pushed a hand down my
blouse and into my bra, groping and squeezing my breast and pinching the
nipple. He forced a hand up my skirt
until he was rubbing his fingers against my pussy lips. He pushed two fingers into me again, then
withdrew them. He put his fingers to his nose and sniffed, then began to lick
them.

&nbsp;

Good and ripe! He laughed.
See you again, sweetheart.

&nbsp;

I opened the door of the van and jumped
out, slamming it behind me. Then I drew
in a deep breath. The air smelt clean
and fresh after Billys body odour. 

&nbsp;

I immediately began to walk away from the
van. He slowly moved away, grinning at me as he went. I shuddered and watched the van until it was
out of sight, then made my way back to the flat, where Neil and Alan were
waiting and demanded to know every last detail.

&nbsp;

By the time I had told them the whole story
they were as randy as hell and I spent the next hour pleasuring them in every
way they demanded.

&nbsp;

Finally, I was allowed to slope off to bed,
where I fell into a relaxed sleep, dreaming of the coming evening and the party
at Leroys.














Chapter 17




 
  JS
   jim
  2
  14
  2006-06-23T00:06:00Z
  2006-06-23T00:06:00Z
  1
  11379
  64863
  JS
  540
  152
  76090
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 17.

&nbsp;

I lay in bed on Saturday morning,
remembering how excited I used to get when I was a little girl on the day of a
party. I would always be ready hours in
advance, then have to sit still in my party frock so
as not to get it dirty. Frequently, when
the time came to leave for the party Id got myself so wound up I couldnt
really enjoy myself. I felt a bit like
that as I lay there that morning. I knew
I was going to Leroys party that night, and I knew what I was in for, and it
was a lot different to the parties of my childhood!

&nbsp;

I had never even imagined going to such an
event before. I was going as the
entertainment, there to amuse and pleasure any guest at any time. I shuddered
at the thought. A vast expanse of
unknown stretched out in front of me. I
was gripped by a sudden urge to escape.
I would refuse to go, it was as simple as
that. Id spend my Saturday evening like
any other normal, twenty two-year-old woman.
Id watch TV, maybe read for a bit, then go to bed, alone!

&nbsp;

I decided, in a moment, that the game with
Alan was over, I was ending it, right there and
then. I was determined. Then I thought of how Id engineered the
situation where I exposed myself to total strangers, how Id let myself get picked
up by some horrible, middle aged man who stripped and abused me and casually
groped my body. I remembered how Id
come back to the flat to find Alan and Neil waiting. Waiting to be told every last detail, from
what happened to how Id enjoyed being exposed, shamed, humiliated, abused, used.

&nbsp;

I remembered how eagerly Id pleasured the
two of them, sucking their cocks, licking their arses. Id danced for them, stripping naked as I did
so, then masturbated as they watched, using the vibrator on myself as they
snorted with amusement. Then Id begged,
begged, them to use me. Squeezing their cocks between my tits,
coaxing them to full stiffness before I sank my grateful pussy
down on their erections and rocked my way to orgasm after orgasm, all the time
telling them what a dirty, hot little bitch I was, and how I loved obeying
their every whim.

&nbsp;

Absent-mindedly I slipped a hand down to my
bare pussy. As soon as I touched my clit
electric jolts of pleasure ran through my body.
I groaned and writhed around in my bed as I stroked my hot little
bud. I cupped my breasts, suddenly
remembering how Billy had repeatedly slapped them, feeling my nipples stiffen
as I recalled Adam and Brian shooting their loads onto my chest, then watched
in fascination as I rubbed their jism into my skin. I was approaching orgasm rapidly, my eyes
closed, lost in the pleasure of my own body, when I heard the bedroom door
open. I looked up and saw Neil standing
there, wearing only a dirty pair of boxer shorts. He was grinning obscenely as he watched me.

&nbsp;

I see you dont need a wake up call then!
he laughed, then pulled the covers from my bed, exposing my naked,
and highly aroused body. He grinned
again as he looked at my fingers working between my legs. He pushed down his boxer shorts, revealing
his over-sized cock, which was visibly throbbing, then climbed onto the bed and
positioned himself between my spread thighs.

&nbsp;

He carefully placed the head of his cock
between my pussy lips, then took hold of both of my hands and forced them above
my head. He looked down at my naked body
and snickered. Hot little bitch, youre
never satisfied, are you? He grinned, then slowly sank his cock into me, not stopping until his
pelvis ground against mine. I came
immediately. The feeling of his hot
shaft driving slowly into me, relentlessly, stretching me to the limit, was too
much. I gasped then pushed my hips up to
meet his as he started to pump his fat cock into me, grunting with each stroke.

&nbsp;

After my orgasm subsided he continued to
plough into me, driving his cock deep into my pussy. He grabbed my bottom and pulled my hips
upward to meet his own, ramming his shaft as deep as it would go. I was pulled
and pushed around like a rag doll as he took his pleasure. Finally, I felt his
cock twitch, then felt the familiar warmth inside
me. He collapsed onto me with a
gasp. I was struck by his body odour,
stifling my breath as he covered me.
After what seemed like hours, he rolled off me, smiling contentedly.

&nbsp;

Ill see you later. He grinned, At the party! He picked up his boxer shorts and walked
casually from my bedroom. I lay back on
my bed and thought to myself, Alison, who do you think youre kidding! I was confronted by worries I had pushed to
the back of my mind in the last few weeks. How on earth was I going to be able
to switch back to being old Alison when I moved in with John, after all that
Id done since that first night with Alan?
How was I going to resume a normal life after being little more than a
fully co-operative sex toy? And above
all, what was I going to wear for the party that night?!

&nbsp;

I decided to get out of bed and make for
the shower. Before I could do so though,
Alan walked casually into my bedroom.
Give us a blow job, Ali, Ive got a raging
hard on this morning! He opened his bathrobe
to reveal a rampant erection, which I immediately took into my mouth. It took less than a minute before he shot his
jism into my welcoming mouth as I swallowed every drop.

&nbsp;

Afterwards, he lay on the bed next to me,
dozing, a sleepy smile on his face.

&nbsp;

Will you miss me when I leave? I asked.

&nbsp;

Too fucking right I will! Where am I going to get blow jobs that good when youre not here?

&nbsp;

Well, Sally will be back then, wont she?

&nbsp;

Yeah, but she doesnt go down on me half
as well as you do.

&nbsp;

Is that it? Youll miss me because I suck
you off nicely?

&nbsp;

He laughed.
You are the sexiest woman I ever hope to meet. Youre up for everything! I never thought
women like you existed, and yet here you are.
And if I ever thought a nymphomaniac existed, you would have been the
very last person I would have suspected!

&nbsp;

I suppose I was a bit intense, wasnt I?
I grinned.

&nbsp;

We didnt call you tight arse for nothing!
Now look at you. Fun,
fun, fun all the way!

&nbsp;

I was wondering how Im going to get back
to normal, when I move in with John.

&nbsp;

Youll be fine! Youll think of this as some sort of brief
holiday  a quick escape from reality.
Think of this as playtime between lessons. Once youre back with John youll revert back
to normal. Of course youll wank
yourself silly just thinking about what youve done recently, but thats no bad
thing, is it?

&nbsp;

I laughed at his candour. Ten minutes ago I was ready to tell you that
the game was off. I wanted no more, and
I was going to refuse to go to the party tonight.

&nbsp;

And now?

&nbsp;

Game on! I said simply.

&nbsp;

So what happened then?

&nbsp;

My memories of last night,
and Neils whopper! 

&nbsp;

Alan hooted with laughter, then he casually got to his feet and left my room. I could still taste his come. I slipped my hand down between my legs and
began to stroke my pussy myself again, my fingers now sticky with Neils
jism. It took only a short time before I
came again, then I slipped back to sleep contentedly.

&nbsp;

I awoke with a start. I could hear voices on the landing outside my
door. After a moment or two the door
opened and Lin poked her head in and said, Come on sleepy head, time to get
up!

&nbsp;

I smiled at her and started to get up. She glanced behind her, then
slipped into my room. Youve been busy
then? She giggled.

&nbsp;

What do you mean?

&nbsp;

What do I mean? She laughed, What with
granddad and Adam and that other student of yours, and the flashing in the
shops and the van driver. Do I need to go on?

&nbsp;

Oh, I see what you mean. I giggled.

&nbsp;

And now youre going to one of those
parties! Jesus Christ I envy you!

&nbsp;

Really?

&nbsp;

Yes!
You are going to be just pure sex for a whole night! How fucking cool is that? God it turns me on just thinking about it.
All those men, their hands all over you, making you please them, doing whatever
they want to you. Oh you lucky, lucky girl! 

&nbsp;

You really think itll be that good?

&nbsp;

Depends what you mean by good, doesnt
it? If your idea of good is being used and abused by a bunch of strangers and
made to do the most depraved things,
then yes, I think it could be rather good!
She giggled.

&nbsp;

I had my doubts. I confessed.

&nbsp;

Just go for it! She urged.
Youll never get another chance like this. Youll remember this when youre an old lady,
trust me! 

&nbsp;

I grinned, reassured by her words. She looked at my naked body as I got out of
bed.

&nbsp;

Youre going to be such a hit! She
laughed.

&nbsp;

You think so?

&nbsp;

She stepped towards me, then
ran her hands over my boobs, stroking my nipples. I gasped with pleasure. Oh
sure! She grinned. She glanced at her watch, then
said, Oh what the fuck! She started
too undress, pulling off her T-shirt then removing her bra, revealing her firm
tits. She quickly pushed down her jeans
and then her knickers before lying on my bed.

&nbsp;

I stood there and watched, fascinated by
her lovely body. Come on then! She
giggled, I havent got all day, you know!
I need a bit of relief, right?

&nbsp;

I nodded and lay down between her
legs. I started to kiss and lick the
tops of her thighs, drawing in her aroma. She sighed and opened her legs further. I traced the line of her slit with the tip if
my tongue, savouring her taste, the feel of her blonde
pubes against my tongue. She wriggled
her hips appreciatively, then giggled again.

&nbsp;

Look at us, like a couple of dykes! I never thought Id let another woman do that
to me, but then, you do it so well! She
laughed. I looked up at her and winked,
then wriggled my tongue between the lips of her pussy, quickly finding her clit
and running my tongue under its hood. She gasped, then lay back and relaxed,
enjoying my attentions. In no time at
all she was sighing contentedly as I kissed and licked along her entire slit,
paying close attention to her swollen clit.
I slid a finger gently into her pussy.
She groaned and arched her back, pushing her hips up to meet my finger
as it penetrated her. I slid a second
into her and she began to buck and writhe, grinding her pussy onto my tongue
and fingers. She began to grunt in
rhythm to my probing fingers. She cupped
her breasts, squeezing her nipples, rolling them between her thumb and
finger. And then she came. She gave a heavy sigh, then
her body started to shake. She froze,
her hips off the bed, my fingers buried deep in her and my mouth sucking on her
slit. She stayed immobile for several
seconds, her face contorted with pleasure, and then she relaxed, gasping for
breath, giggling.

&nbsp;

My God you are good at that! She laughed.
If it wasnt for the fact that I like a good hard cock in me, I could
get by on that alone!

&nbsp;

I laughed too, still savouring the taste of
her pussy. Ive never done that to any
other woman. I confessed, But I have to say you taste really nice! I stood up and looked at her. She was still lying casually on my bed, legs
apart, her blonde pubes wet where I had been licking, her
pink nipples firm. She looked lovely!

&nbsp;

Come on, time to go, weve got things to
do before the party! She got up and
started to dress, pulling on her knickers and jeans, then fastening her bra and
finally pulling her T-shirt back on. I
pulled on my bathrobe and followed her to the living room of my flat. Alan and Neil were there, so was Keith. At sight of me he grinned lecherously. He walked casually over to me then reached
out and pulled my robe open, exposing my breasts. He snickered to himself, then
began to play with them, running his hands over them. He began to pinch and roll my nipples. He pinched and pulled, rolled and
squeezed. He was too rough for it to
have been pure pleasure, but stopped just short of pain. In moments I was gasping and moaning, hopping
from foot to foot trying to ease the pressure on my nipples. He grinned at me, enjoying my discomfort.

&nbsp;

Tell me about your van driver friend last
night.

&nbsp;

I gasped again, then
began to relate the story of Billy, and how he had used and abused my body.

&nbsp;

And he slapped your tits, yes?

&nbsp;

Mmm, yes. I groaned, fearing what
might be coming next. 

&nbsp;

Maybe he should have slapped your arse as
well? The others laughed.

&nbsp;

He pushed my robe off my shoulders and
watched as it fell to the floor, then he stood back and scrutinised my
body. Youre going to be fucked stupid
tonight, you know. He said with a
laugh. Theyll be lining up to stick it
up your cunt, up your arse or in your mouth.
Think you can handle that, do you?

&nbsp;

I looked him in the eyes and grinned, Ill
give it a go! He grinned back then
turned to Lin and said, You dont mind if I have a quick one. Do you love?

&nbsp;

Go ahead, shes just done me!

&nbsp;

And me.
Alan grinned.

&nbsp;

Me too. Neil laughed.

&nbsp;

Keith took me by the hand and lead me back to my bedroom.
As he closed the door he said, Got any KY  I fancy taking you up the
arse?

&nbsp;

I smiled, the opened the drawer of my
bedside cabinet and picked up the small tube of gel. He had already shed most of his clothes. As I turned back to him he dropped his
trousers and boxers, stepped out of them and lay on my bed. I knelt between his thighs and began to suck
his cock, which began to stiffen at once. In moments he was fully erect. I squeezed some gel from the tube and began
to rub it onto his hot shaft, then as he watched I
smeared more of it over my puckered little hole. I squatted over him my legs spread wide, then positioned the head of his cock against my back door
and gently slid down, impaling myself on his stiff member. He groaned as he
felt my sphincter grip his cock. 

&nbsp;

I began to bounce up and down on his cock,
pushing him deep into my bowels. He reached between my legs and pushed two
fingers into my pussy. I gasped and groaned.
He sniggered.

&nbsp;

I never would have imagined you like
this. When I think of what toffee-nosed
bitch you used to be. So
fucking high and mighty. Now here
you are with my dick up your arse, and you fucking love it, dont you?

&nbsp;

I shuddered as he began to play with my
clit. Oh God, yes. Yes, I love it. I love it.
I love being dirty for you all. I
love doing whatever you say. I love it
when you come in me.

&nbsp;

Im going to dump my load up your arse in
a minute, and then youre going to lick me clean, got that? Youre going to lick my come and your shit
off my dick, right?

&nbsp;

I groaned, Whatever you say, Keith. Ill do whatever you say. He grunted and then I felt him shooting into
me. As his climax subsided I rolled off
him, feeling his cock slip from me as I did so.
He lay back grinning, then after a couple of minutes he said, Get on
with it then.

&nbsp;

I moved down the bed until I was level with
his now flaccid cock. As I examined it,
it didnt seem too bad. It glistened
from the KY, but otherwise looked normal.
I started to lick it, gingerly, then took it into my mouth and began to
lick and suck. After a moment or two I
felt it twitch and begin to swell. I
stroked his balls, then slipped a hand under his bottom and felt for his
arse-hole. He grunted as I started to
gently tickle it, then I started to bob my head up and down on his cock,
sucking and licking all the time. His
cock stiffened and he grunted again as I began to swirl my tongue around his
glans. A short time later and he was
fully erect and throbbing in my mouth. 

&nbsp;

I knelt between his thighs, then rubbed the head of his cock over my breasts. He grinned at me, then reached down and
pinched both my nipples once more. I
began to suck him urgently, tickling his balls and arse, bobbing my head up and
down. I felt him tense, and then he shot
his jism into my mouth. I swallowed all
he gave me, then as he relaxed with a sigh I let his
cock slip from my mouth.

&nbsp;

Jesus fucking Christ youre good at that.

&nbsp;

I know!

&nbsp;

I winked at him then got up and made my way
to the living room, where I recovered my robe.
I went to the kitchen, and found the others drinking tea and chatting
happily.

&nbsp;

Weve been discussing your outfit for
tonight. Lin announced. And Ive got just the thing!

&nbsp;

Oh really, whats that then?

&nbsp;

Youll find out later! She said with a
giggle. Moments later Keith rejoined us.

&nbsp;

Everything ok, love? Lin asked, slipping her arms round his
waist. He grinned happily, Yeah, fine!

&nbsp;

Keith, Lin and Neil left a short time after,
all promising to return later that day.
I was given my instructions for the day by Alan. I was to do some marking, finish some
household chores, then start getting ready for the party at about five PM.

&nbsp;

I busied myself around the house, trying
not to think about the party. Inside, I
was the same little girl Id always been, excitement steadily building. Just before five I ran a hot bath, then immersed myself in the deliciously hot water. Alan walked casually in as I bathed, urinated
in the toilet and left with a grin.
Moments later Keith and Lin were at the door. Lin grinned at me, Ive got your
outfit. Hurry up and get dry, then come
and see what youll be wearing.

&nbsp;

I stepped out of the bath and began to dry
myself, watched carefully by Keith. Then
I carefully shaved my underarms, and then my pussy. As he watched me he casually rubbed his
crotch. When I finished with the razor I
applied moisturising cream all over my body, rubbing it thoroughly into my
smooth skin. As I finished Keith groaned
and said, Its no good, youre going to have to suck me off again. He dropped his trousers and shorts then sat
on the toilet, legs apart, his cock half-erect.

&nbsp;

I knelt between his legs and began to suck
him again. As I took him into my mouth
he put a hand on the back of my head, pushing me down onto his cock. He grunted, then took hold of my head with
both hands and began to pull me down onto him roughly. His cock hit the back of my throat and I
gagged, but he continued, lost in his own pleasure. I sucked at him frantically, desperate for him
to come so that I could get away from him.
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he groaned and I felt his
jism hitting the back of my throat. I
swallowed as much as I could, and then he sighed and let me go.

&nbsp;

I pulled away from him, coughing and
spluttering, and looked up to see Lin standing in the door way watching. She grinned at me, blew a kiss to Keith then
said, Come on. Get a move on, youve got to be going soon.

&nbsp;

I followed her into my bedroom where she
made me stand while she inspected me.
She ran her hands over my body, making approving noises as she felt how
soft and smooth my skin was. She paid
particular attention to my shaven mound and pussy lips. Good.
She commented, We dont want any sandpaper twats now do we?

&nbsp;

She made me stand on tip-toe, then cupped my bottom, spreading my cheeks and running her
finger over my back door. I bet this
will see some action tonight! She giggled.
Then she stroked my breasts, running her fingernail lightly across my
nipples, grinning as she watched them stiffen.
Very nice!

&nbsp;

Then she supervised me as I did my make
up. I was only allowed to put on a tiny
amount of this. Dont want you painted
up like a tart, just a little bit, ok?
I nodded my assent.

&nbsp;

When Id finished with the make up she told
me to make a start on my long, brown hair.
She ordered me to put it into pigtails, which I did, and then she said I
was ready for the outfit.

&nbsp;

She handed me a pair of knickers and I
looked at her in astonishment. Youre
not serious? I laughed. They were little girl pink, and had a
pretty ribbon bow on the front.

&nbsp;

Just put them on. She grinned.
I wriggled into them with difficulty. Lin, these are way too small,
theyd just about fit an eleven year old. I
complained.

&nbsp;

They look ok to me. Was all she said. I glanced at myself in the mirror. I looked so young! The small amount of make up Id been allowed
hardly showed, and my pigtails gave my face an innocent look. My knickers, stretched tightly across my
pussy, showed every contour of my body. As I turned and looked over my shoulder
I could see that my bottom was displayed nicely by the pink cotton. Lin handed me a white blouse, which was also
too small for me. As I fastened the buttons
my breasts were squashed together and the pink of my nipples showed clearly
through the thin fabric.

&nbsp;

I couldnt fasten the top three of four
buttons at all. At Lins insistence, I
left them open, the blouse gaping open, my breasts
only just contained within. Next came pair of white, knee length socks, and finally a small
grey pleated skirt, like the ones used for games by the girls at the school
where I taught. 

&nbsp;

The skirt was ridiculously short, only just
covering my bum. When I looked over my shoulder
at my reflection again I discovered that even the slightest bend on my part
showed the pink of my knickers. Lin took
a long look at me.

&nbsp;

Youll do nicely! She grinned. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked about thirteen! Come with me, lets
see what the guys think.

&nbsp;

I followed her into the living room, to be
greeted with whistles by the three of them.
Neil walked up to me and casually lifted my skirt, Ah! Look at the ickle girlies nice nicks! He laughed, running his hands over my bum. The others laughed, then
Keith joined in, groping my breasts.
Neil thrust his hand between my legs, his fingers pushing my knickers
into my pussy. Then Keiths hand stroked
my bottom. They both grinned. At that moment the doorbell rang. They all looked
at me. I shrugged and made my way to the
front door.

&nbsp;

Granddad beamed at me as I opened the door
for him, his eyes running up and down my body.
I had barely closed the door before he ran his hands over my legs and up
to my bottom. He stroked and squeezed my
bum lovingly before running his fingers between my legs, tracing the lips of my
pussy, which was already radiating warmth through me!

&nbsp;

He chuckled to himself as he looked up my
skirt as we climbed the stairs, as we reached the top he ran his hand over my
bottom again. Youre going to be
popular tonight, I can tell!

&nbsp;

He exchanged greetings with the others, his
eyes lingering on Lin, who blushed slightly under his scrutiny. After a few pleasantries he said, Wed
better be going, Leroy likes his girls to be there in plenty of time so he can
check them out. We made our way to the
door, granddad refusing to let me wear any kind of coat. As the door opened I looked back at Lin, who
grinned at me then reached out and began to stroke Keiths crotch. 

&nbsp;

I stepped into the street feeling almost
naked. The slightest breeze lifted my
tiny skirt revealing my equally tiny pink knickers, my nipples hardened in the
evening air, my breasts barely contained by my blouse. As we walked to the car a couple of young
men, about my own age passed by on the other side of the road, their eyes fixed
on me. I felt myself blush.

&nbsp;

We reached the car. I sat in the back with Neil, Alan drove,
granddad sat in the front. The journey
seemed to go so quickly. Before I knew
it we were pulling up outside the large house where the party was to be
held. Granddad rang the doorbell, and
within a few moments the door was opened by a pretty brunette. She smiled at us then stood back inviting us
in. 

&nbsp;

The three of them looked her up and down in
amazement. She was a little taller than
me, and was maybe twenty-five. Her brown
hair had been drawn back into a neat bun and she wore very little make up. The upper half of her body was dressed as a
police officer, but most of the buttons had been removed from her blouse,
causing it to gape open, revealing her ample
breasts. Below the waist she wore black
satin panties, stockings and suspenders and three-inch stilettos.

&nbsp;

She looked at me, You wait here. She said simply, Gentlemen, would you like
to follow me please, drinks are this way.
She walked slowly away, Alan, Neil and granddad followed. As they made their way through the door
granddad turned and winked at me. I
smiled back, still feeling my little girl nervousness.

&nbsp;

The brunette returned a couple of minutes
later, Hi, Im Jane. She smiled.

&nbsp;

Alison.
I said nervously.

&nbsp;

All the girls are waiting in the
kitchen. Leroy will come and get us when
its time. Meanwhile, we wait.

&nbsp;

Nice costume. I said.

&nbsp;

Thanks, except its not a costume.

&nbsp;

Its real police
uniform?

&nbsp;

Yes, and Im a real police officer.

&nbsp;

Oh my God! Are you here undercover? I
asked stupidly. 

&nbsp;

She looked down at her exposed breasts and
stockinged legs, Hardly. She said
dryly. Im not here by choice, I can
tell you. Twelve months ago I was seeing
this guy, lovely bloke, kind, attentive, good in bed, great! Only thing was he liked some illegal
substances, such as heroin. One evening
he persuaded me to go and buy his stuff for him, and I agreed. I bought his deal, only to find that Id been
filmed as part of a drug squad operation, and I was for it, big time. My only bit of luck, if I can call it that,
was that the guy in charge of the operation knew me, and offered me a
deal. I came across in the bedroom, he kept the tape to himself.

&nbsp;

And you agreed?

&nbsp;

Didnt have a lot of bloody choice, did I
love? Next thing I know my charming
boyfriend has done a runner, scared out of his mind, and Im left servicing
this dirty old bastard from drug squad.
It didnt stop there, though.
Pretty soon he started offering me to his mates. When I objected he asked me how Id like to
be doing time for drug dealing, so I shut up.
Then he loaned me out to Leroy for one of these parties, and here I am.

&nbsp;

Youve done these before?

&nbsp;

Yeah, a few times actually. I fucking hate them, but Ive no way out.

&nbsp;

Are they that bad? I asked nervously.

&nbsp;

Maybe not for you, especially if youve
chosen to be here. But Im a police
officer, and I hate doing this. They all
know that so they take great fun in making me suffer. 

&nbsp;

What do they do to you?

&nbsp;

Never mind, youll be ok. In here.

&nbsp;

I followed her into a large kitchen. There were seven or eight other girls in
there. Everyone, this is Alison. Alison, meet the girls.

&nbsp;

Hi.
We all chorused together. Some of the girls smiled at me, others
didnt. I stood next to a woman who was
a bit older then me, perhaps twenty-five.
She had a slim face with fine features and bright green eyes. Her shoulder length, dark brown hair had been
subtly streaked with blonde highlights.
She had on a black string vest through which I could see her small,
round breasts. I noticed that her left
nipple had been pierced, a gold hoop glistened beneath
her top. She also wore a pair of stars
and stripes knickers, which scarcely contained her plump bottom.

&nbsp;

She smiled at me shyly, Im Carol. She
said.

&nbsp;

Alison.
I smiled. How did you come to be
here?

&nbsp;

My partner, Bonnie, thought it would be
good for me, teach me a lesson she said.
She likes to keep me under control, always making me do things I dont
want to. I suppose I must like it,
thats why I love her! She said simply.

&nbsp;

She brightened, Do you like my hoop? She asked, pulling her top to one side and
exposing her bare breast to show me her piercing. I had it done for Bonnie, as a way of
showing how much I love her. Its the
one nearest my heart! She giggled
happily.

&nbsp;

I dont understand. I said simply, If you and Bonnie are, er..

&nbsp;

Were lesbians, yes. You can say the word, I wont be offended, I
promise. She giggled again.

&nbsp;

Right, so you and Bonnie are lesbians, so
what are you doing here?

&nbsp;

I told you, Bonnie thought it would be
good for me to do this. She said,
Youll realise how good I am to you once youve had a couple of dozen men have
their fun with you., and so here I am!
She smiled sweetly at me. I
wanted to know more, but at that moment Leroy came into the kitchen.

&nbsp;

Listen up ladies. Most of the guests are here now, so you can
go to work. Your job is to make my
guests happy. Do whatever that takes and
well get along just fine. Disappoint my
guests and youll be punished. To start
off with I want you all to make sure every guest has a drink. So what are you waiting for, lets get going
girls. He clapped his hands and we all
started making for the door. 

&nbsp;

He cast his eyes over each girl as they
passed him. As I drew near to him he
pulled me towards him and grinned, Well if it isnt the school teacher! You
look interesting this evening. He
lifted my skirt and ran his fat hands over my bottom, then shoved it roughly
between my legs, Hows that hot little cunt of yours? Brian tells me youre pretty tasty. Maybe you can do something for me later, but
first Ive got a little surprise for you.
Ill let you know what it is later. Now you can go. He gave me a crisp smack to my bottom and
pushed me out of the door.

&nbsp;

A few of the other girls had come in a
costume of some sort, it was a bit like a really
strange fancy dress party. In addition
to my schoolgirl outfit, and Janes police uniform there was a nurse, a
cheerleader, one or two corsets and various other lingerie. The guests seemed to be made up of mainly
black men, aged from late teens to fifty plus, but there were a few white men
there, and I quickly spotted Alan, Neil and granddad, together with a few
others. There was a buzz of
conversation, some laughter and some gentle background music.

&nbsp;

I approached a group of four black men who
were chatting casually. Can I get you a
drink, gentlemen? I asked. Their eyes raked over me, then
they started to grin.

&nbsp;

Yeah, good idea. Fetch four large scotches
over here little girl.

&nbsp;

Yes sir.

&nbsp;

I made my way back to the kitchen, poured
the drinks and placed them on a small silver tray to carry back to them. As I made my way back to them hands casually
lifted my skirt and patted my bottom, laughter echoing around me. I delivered the drinks and one of the men
reached out and opened a button on my blouse.
It sprang open even more, my breasts almost escaping from its confinement.

&nbsp;

I moved on, and quickly took another drinks
order. Again, as I
moved around hands roamed over my body freely. My bottom was patted, stroked and pinched, my
breasts cupped, fondled, my nipples pinched.
I began to get hot! I was on my
way back to the party room with a tray of drinks when an elderly black man
stopped me by putting his arm across me.
Just wait there, young lady, I need to make an adjustment to your
dress. I stood, patiently as he slowly put
down his drink then turned to me. He
reached out and opened another button on my blouse, causing both breasts to
spill out. He chuckled to himself, folded back my blouse to make sure my breasts
stayed exposed, then pinched my nipples and rolled them between his thumbs and
forefingers until they were stiff and swollen.
Thats better. He grinned, Now
you can go. As I walked away from him
he patted my bottom and winked at me. 

&nbsp;

I returned to the group of men who had
ordered drinks, six black men in their twenties. They cheered and whistled as they saw me
approach, my naked breasts swaying as I walked.
When I reached them they all insisted in having a good feel as I handed
them their drinks, each pinched and rolled my nipples until they began to
throb.

&nbsp;

I glanced around looking for guests who
needed a drink and saw a group of three young black men talking to Jane. She was shaking her head and looking
apologetic, smiling at the men and trying to move away. One of them reached into her blouse, grabbed
her nipples and pulled upwards. She
gasped and stood on tip-toe, obviously trying to relieve the pressure. Another moved behind her and dragged her
panties down in one swift movement.
There was a cheer and laughter from the men around her, and she was
quickly spun around, exposing her neatly trimmed bush to the other guests. She
looked dreadfully unhappy. Then one of the men behind her reached round and
began to stroke her pubic hair. She
flinched and began to move her hips defensively, trying to prevent him gaining
access to her pussy. She fought in vain.
Moments later his large, black hand was buried between her legs, rubbing
busily, and she had hung her head in shame as he reached up with his other hand
and began to cup her breast. 

&nbsp;

His companions were grinning happily, and
as I watched she was handed to one of them, who immediately thrust his hand
between her legs. I heard her gasp
again, and then his face closed on hers and he was kissing her deeply. She tried to pull away, but he put a hand
behind her head and forced her to continue the kiss. Then she was passed on to the next man, who
ducked his head down and took one nipple into his mouth, then also forced his
hand between her thighs.

&nbsp;

She began to writhe around and I suddenly
noticed that one of the men behind her was doing something to her, I couldnt
see what it was, but I guessed he was doing something to her bottom. It was clearly something she didnt like as
she moaning gently, Oh please dont, no please, please dont do that to me,
ahh, no, please stop, it hurts, oh please dont... They all laughed again, amused by her
discomfort and distress.

&nbsp;

I turned away, unwilling to watch any more
of her torment. I fetched drinks for
more guests, and when I returned I could see no sign of Jane. I wondered anxiously what was happening to
her. I glanced around and saw granddad
talking to Carol. She looked nervous,
glancing around her as granddad spoke softly into her ear. I wondered what he was saying to her. Then I noticed that he was slowly stroking
her bottom, caressing her cheeks almost tenderly. He grinned, then reached out with his other
hand and calmly pushed her top aside, exposing her pierced nipple. He spoke to her again, and she responded,
then he laughed loudly, turning heads.

&nbsp;

Say that again. He demanded, Tell everyone what youve just
told me, go on.

&nbsp;

I just said that I had my left nipple
pierced to show my love for Bonny, my partner, because its the closest to my
heart. She flushed deeply as she
explained, then dropped her head as those around he sniggered.

&nbsp;

Imagine that. Granddad announced to
everyone, The little dyke thinks shes in love, and has her tits pierced to
prove it! Priceless. Tell us what you and Bonny do together
then. Come on.

&nbsp;

Carol looked around for a means of
escape. Of course, there was none. Looking very vulnerable and small, she began
to speak, her voice thin and wavering.
I er, well, we er, we kiss a lot, and we hug, and we do nice things to
each other

&nbsp;

Like what? He demanded.

&nbsp;

Ill stroke her back, or tickle her feet,
things like that Her voice trailed
away to nothing.

&nbsp;

Thats not what I want to hear about. Tell us what you get up to in bed. Do you lick her pussy?

&nbsp;

Yes.

&nbsp;

Then tell us all about that.

&nbsp;

She began to speak, falteringly. When Bonny tells me to, I go down on her and
lick the insides of her thighs. She
likes that very much. And then I lick
her pussy lips, and push my tongue into her, and I lick her clit until she
comes.

&nbsp;

I watched as granddad slipped his hand down
the back of her knickers, groping her bare arse. She swallowed nervously as she felt his hand
intruding, her breast still being manipulated by his other hand.

&nbsp;

You ever had a cock up your cunt?

&nbsp;

Yes.
She said, a fearful tone in her voice, A long time ago.

&nbsp;

Did you like it?

&nbsp;

Not much, no.

&nbsp;

That why you became a dyke?

&nbsp;

I suppose so.

&nbsp;

His hand left her breast and fumbled with
the waistband of her knickers. Then he
pushed his hand down into her knickers.
I could see the shape of it as it delved deeper, making for her
pussy. She gasped, her eyes widening
with surprise, and then he was stroking her pussy lips. He grinned to himself as he watched her torment.

&nbsp;

You know what Im going to do to you in a
little while?

&nbsp;

She shook her head.

&nbsp;

Im going to take you into one of the
bedrooms, strip you bare then fuck your lesbian cunt and your dyke arse. How does that sound?

&nbsp;

I, er, I just, er I mean Oh! She jumped with surprise.

&nbsp;

Dont like a finger up your arse
then? He chuckled. She didnt respond. He pulled his hands out of her knickers, took
her by the hand and led her out of the room without a word. She followed meekly. I wanted to follow, but as I started to move
a large hand grabbed my arm. I looked around to see Leroy standing next to
me. Come on now teacher, its time for
your surprise.

&nbsp;

I followed him through the guests and up
some stairs. We reached a closed door
and he turned to me and smiled. Youre
going to like whats in here, I just know it.
He opened the door and pushed me in, then called out Enjoy yourself boys. Before the door closed and I heard his
laughter receding. 

&nbsp;

The room was dimly lit, and I could just
make out the shapes of some people. Then
suddenly the lights went on and they all called out Surprise! In unison. I looked around, shocked, and immediately
recognised Brian and Adam, and then to my horror saw that there were four more
students from my school there too.

&nbsp;

Hi Alison. My, dont you look nice in
your school uniform. Nice tits! Adam taunted.
I quickly covered my exposed breasts with my arms.

&nbsp;

Adam no! You cant do this to me
Adam, you promised no one else from school until after next week. You promised
me.

&nbsp;

You promised me Adam, you naughty boy! He
mocked. The others laughed. Well I lied.
Get over it. We decided this was
too good an opportunity to miss, so we got the boys here an invitation, for a small
fee, naturally!

&nbsp;

I was stunned. The little bastard had not only broken his
promise, but had sold me to the highest bidder.
I turned and made for the door.

&nbsp;

Leaving so soon Alison? You dont want to do that, I can tell
you. Have you forgotten about our
possible trip to the police station? His
confidence, as ever, was intimidating. I
froze, unable to take the step of opening the door. Instead I turned to face the six of
them. Adam grinned openly, Brian smiled
to himself, the others looked amazed.

&nbsp;

Good girl.
Now lets have some fun. Alison,
why dont you give the boys an idea of what theyll be enjoying, mmm? He motioned for me to lower my arms.

&nbsp;

I let them fall by my sides, defeated. There was a chorus of approval from my
audience, Yes! Excellent! Cool.
Fuck me. Nice. Brill!

&nbsp;

As I stood there Brian switched on a
stereo, the music filled the room. Why
dont you give us a bit of a dance, then?
He asked, smiling.

&nbsp;

I began to shuffle around in front of them,
swaying my hips in time to the music.

&nbsp;

Come on, I bet you can do much better than
that! Brian urged. 

&nbsp;

I gave in.
I started to sway and move, feeling my breasts swing as I gyrated and
swung my hips. I turned my back on them
and bent from the waist, giving them a clear view of my pink knickers, then
turned to face them again and stroked my breasts as I danced. They had all gone very quiet. A couple were openly rubbing their crotch.

&nbsp;

After a couple of minutes Brian stepped
towards me and out his hands around me, dancing with me. I put my arms around his neck, feeling his
hands settle on my waist. We swayed together
for a few moments, and then his hands dropped over my hips and started to rub
my bottom. He lifted my skirt and began
to stroke my bum cheeks, then tried to push his hand inside my knickers, but
found them too tight.

&nbsp;

Take them off. He murmured in my ear. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband and
pushed them down. When they reached mid
thigh they fell freely, I felt them reach my ankles and stepped out of
them. Brians hands resumed their
caressing of my bum, this time he kneaded my bare cheeks, massaging them
slowly, lifting my skirt as the rest of them looked on. He spun me round so that he was behind me
and I was facing the others.

&nbsp;

Who wants to see her pussy, then
boys? He laughed. They all cheered, including Adam.

&nbsp;

How about having a better look at her tits
first, yes? More
cheering. He opened the last
remaining buttons on my blouse, then pulled it open,
giving them an unobstructed view. He
reached up to cup each one, tweaking my nipples. Mmmmm, nice! He announced to the gang, Boys you are going
to love playing with these, believe me!

&nbsp;

Show us her pussy! One of them called. 

&nbsp;

I felt him laugh, What do you think then,
Alison? Should I show your pussy to the
boys?

&nbsp;

I felt him push his pelvis against my bottom, I could feel the stiffness of his cock. The sexual tension had got to me and I
groaned, Oh yes, do it.

&nbsp;

He laughed again, then
reached for my skirt. There was a moment
of total silence, broken only by the music, as he took hold of the hem of my
skirt and began to lift. I gasped as I
felt it start to move, and then he lifted it high, exposing my naked pussy to
the assembled students. A thrill of
shame ran through me as they cheered and whistled.

&nbsp;

He danced around with me like that for a
few minutes, holding my skirt high. I
felt the air on my naked slit, my skin burning with shame. Then he let go of me, but opened the
fastening of my skirt and let it fall to the ground. I stood before them effectively naked, wearing
only my blouse, which was wide open and offered me no protection at all.

&nbsp;

Then they all wanted to play. First up was James, a small mousy boy. He stood in front of me and looked down at my
breasts, then slowly reached out and fondled them, looking thoroughly delighted
with himself. His fingers played
lightly, almost reluctantly across my nipples, he was clearly nervous. I clutched his hands to my breasts, making
sure he got a good handful! He looked up
at me, a slightly amazed look on his face.

&nbsp;

Give us a go, give us a go! Another boy, Andrew urged hotly. James stepped back and Andrew groped my
breasts roughly, urgently, making me wince as he pinched my nipples and
twisted. Go easy you prick! Brian rebuked, Theyre tits, not the dial on
a fucking radio. They dont come off and
you wont get Radio 1 on them either! The
others laughed nervously. Andrew blushed
and stepped back, letting Colin have his chance.

&nbsp;

Colin stroked my breasts in a fascinated
sort of way then stepped in closer, put his arms around me and began to caress
my bum cheeks. His touch was surprisingly
mature, not too hard, not too nervous. I smiled at him. Ive always liked looking at your bum,
miss. He confessed, blushing slightly,
But I never thought Id get to do this.

&nbsp;

I warmed to him at once. I wriggled my bum in time to the music, then very deliberately I took hold of his right hand and
guided it between my legs. I could feel
the tension in the room as the others saw what I was doing. I placed Colins hand on my pussy lips,
covered it with my own hand, and began to gyrate. His eyes widened with shock and
pleasure. I brought his other hand up to
my mouth, then took his index finger and gently sucked on it, licking its
tip. He gasped and then shuddered, then
began to back away, rubbing his crotch.
Brian and Adam laughed as they realised hed come in his pants, the
others were too busy rubbing their own crotches.

&nbsp;

Finally it was Garys turn. A
tall, red haired boy with surprisingly broad shoulders for his age, he stepped
forward, slipped his arms around my waist and reached for my bum. Again I rocked and gyrated away, then pushed
his hand over my pussy. By now I was
becoming seriously aroused and his fingers slipped easily between my lips. He grunted as I started to thrust my hips
back and forth on his hand. I reached
down and stroked the front of his trousers, feeling the stiff cock within. His eyes rolled. I found the tab of his zip and slowly lowered
it, then slipped my hands inside his trousers and stroked his shaft through his
underwear. He groaned and then I felt
the warmth of his come soak into his shorts.
He staggered backwards, then sat down on a chair, pale faced.

&nbsp;

There was a brief pause, then
Adam said, Who wants to see her fuck herself?

&nbsp;

Not surprisingly, there were murmurs of
agreement, then Adam reached into a bowl of fruit
which had been placed on a small table, selected a banana and tossed it to
me. You know what to do. He grinned.

&nbsp;

I sank to the floor, giving the boys my
most sultry, seductive look. Do you
really want to watch me do that? I purred.
They all agreed readily that that was what they wanted.

&nbsp;

Oh thats so rude, so dirty. I gasped.
Six pairs of eyes watched me hungrily as I lay back and opened my legs,
showing them my moist slit. I stroked my
lips gently, then slowly inserted a finger, stroking
my clit then pushing into my hot tunnel.
I was already pretty wet, but with the audience I had my fingers were
soon slick with my juices. I placed the
firm, yellow banana at the entrance to my tunnel, then
slowly pushed it in. The sexual tension in
the room was palpable as my six students watched me start to hump my hips,
slowly at first, then increasing in pace.

&nbsp;

Enjoying the show? I asked.

&nbsp;

Adam and Brian stared, open mouthed, James
and Andrew were clutching their groins and gasping for breath, Colin and Gary
were rubbing their crotches frantically.
As I watched Colin closed his eyes and slid back in his seat with a gasp
of Oh fucking Christ! Andrew slipped
his hand into his trousers and rubbed frantically, then
he too groaned and fell back in his seat.

&nbsp;

I was enjoying myself. I had turned the tables on my tormentors, who
clearly expected to have a whale of a time at my expense. Now four of them were slumped in their seats,
glassy eyed and spent! I looked at Adam
and Brian, both of them rubbing their crotches.
Well? I demanded, Whats a
girl got to do to get some cock around here?

&nbsp;

I had to stifle a laugh as they both jumped
to their feet, looking every inch the school boys! Adam reached me first, almost falling over as
he hurried towards me whilst trying to remove his trousers at the same
time. I pulled the banana from my pussy
and threw it aside, then lay back, my legs spread
wide.

&nbsp;

He practically fell on me in his haste,
pushing his cock in me up to the hilt on the first stroke. I pushed my hips up
to meet him and stroked his arse. I
murmured in his ear, Come on then, fuck me. Do it to me. Shoot it up inside me, come on! After just a minute or so he grunted then I
felt him emptying his balls into me. He
rolled off me and Brian immediately took his place. I groaned as I felt his longer, broader cock
start to penetrate me. In moments he was
pumping into me vigorously. I stroked
his arse, licked his neck, whispered in his ears, Fuck me, oh fuck me deep, I
need it deep Brian, give it to me.

&nbsp;

He didnt last much longer than Adam,
coming inside me with a loud groan, then falling on top of me. As he lay there, gasping for breath I heard a
familiar voice. I think thats just
about time for you young boys now. Time
to go now fellas, the partys over for you guys.

&nbsp;

I looked up to see Leroy sniggering in the
doorway. Brian rolled off me with a
sigh. Adam stood up, still fastening his
trousers, the others stood obediently, covering their crotches with their hands
to conceal the damp patches there. I
stood up and all eyes turned to me. The
boys looked slightly stunned, Leroy chuckled.
You give these boys a good time?

&nbsp;

I did my best. I grinned.
He laughed, You are something else, teacher, something else
completely!

&nbsp;

I fastened my blouse as best I could, leaving my breasts exposed, then pulled on my tiny
skirt. I picked up my knickers from the floor where I had stepped out of
them. There didnt seem to be much point
putting them back on. I walked
provocatively over to the boys. Would
any of you like these? I purred. As if
they were in class all put their hands up.
Leroy chuckled behind me. I held them out to Colin, who took then shyly,
avoiding the envious looks of the others.

&nbsp;

OK Brian, time to get your friends out of
here. Leroy announced. They all marched past him murmuring their
thanks as Brian led them away. You enjoying yourself?

&nbsp;

Yes, but I need to clean up a bit before
going back in.

&nbsp;

He led me to a small bathroom where he
watched as I washed my pussy, then gently dried it. I
turned to him, about to say I was ready, only to see him lowering his zip, a
lecherous smile on his face. You
enjoyed yourself with those young boys, didnt you?

&nbsp;

More than I thought I would! I
confessed. I think they had a good time
too, dont you? He chuckled again. Sure!
Now its my turn, come over here and say hello to my black cock.

&nbsp;

He pushed his shorts down to reveal a
large, thick cock nestling among a wiry bush. I knelt between his thighs and
started to suck. His cock very quickly
swelled to something even bigger than Neils, and I was secretly thankful that
he wanted oral rather than straight sex, or God forbid, even anal. I sucked and licked away happily for several
minutes, and then he groaned and began to shoot into my mouth. Almost immediately he pulled out of me, took
hold of his shaft and began to spray his jism across my face, laughing as he
did so. I gasped as I felt his hot semen
hit my skin, and tried instinctively to pull away. However, he reached out and caught hold of
one of my pigtails, holding me in place until hed finished climaxing. 

&nbsp;

He fell back against the wall, letting go
of my hair. I sat back on my haunches
and shuddered at the feeling of his semen on my face. I immediately stood and turned on the tap to
wash it off. He laughed again as he
watched me washing my face repeatedly.

&nbsp;

You better get used to that, teacher. The brothers love to spray their love juice
across pretty white faces. Youre going
to get a lot of that tonight. Like I
say, get used to it!

&nbsp;

As Leroy led me back towards the main party
area we passed the doors to several rooms, most of which were closed. One or two were open however, and I caught
glimpses of a variety of scenes as we passed by. In one I saw granddad and Carol and stopped
to watch, as discretely as I could. She
was naked, lying on a bed. He lay on top of her in a sixty-nine position, his cock in her
mouth. He was playing with her pussy,
grinning as he did so. As I watched he pushed two fingers into her. She gasped as she sucked on his cock, then moaned as he pushed a third finger into her. Then he withdrew his fingers and grabbed hold
of her dark brown pubic hair between his fingers, pulling and twisting until
she cried out. He turned his attention
to her bottom, pulling her cheeks apart and forcing a finger roughly into her
tight hole. She yelped and wriggled her
hips, trying to evade his probing finger, but to no avail. As his finger sank slowly into her I moved
on.

&nbsp;

I passed another room, this time the door
was only open a few inches. I could hear
someone, a woman, sobbing bitterly inside.
I peered through the gap. I saw
Jane, standing in the middle of the room, shoulders hunched in misery. Her hair had been freed from its neat bun
and now hung about her shoulders, straggled and untidy. There were a number of young black men in the
room, all naked. They sat around the
walls of the room casually, smoking and drinking as Jane stood before them,
helpless.

&nbsp;

I glanced at her body and gasped. He bottom was a fiery red with purple
blotches, and was criss-crossed with angry looking welts. Tell us again, what you are. One of the men urged.

&nbsp;

Im a pig. She said simply.

&nbsp;

Again.

&nbsp;

Im a pig whore. A fuck
pig. Im a dirty, lying fuck
pig. I deserve to be fucked. I deserve to be punished. She sobbed again.

&nbsp;

OK, give it to her, Sid.

&nbsp;

A large black man moved from the shadows
and took hold of her arm, leading her across the room. She wailed in alarm. Noooooo.
Oh please no, no more, please. Pleeeeeeeese

&nbsp;

I shifted my position slightly,
I could still see what was happening. I
wanted to leave, but the whole scene was captivating, I was unable to
move. Jane was forced to bend over a
chair, her bruised and battered bottom high in the air. The man who had dragged her to the chair
grabbed hold of her hair, jerking her head back savagely. She shrieked in pain. Stay there until I give you permission to
move, or else, got that?

&nbsp;

Tears ran freely down her face, she coughed
and sobbed, Oh please dont do this to me, no please, no more, please.

&nbsp;

He let go of her hair and forced her back
over the chair. Her head dropped, she
was still sobbing bitterly. As I watched
the man produced a long, thin cane and took aim at her bottom, then he swung it
in a wide arc, bringing it down on her flesh with brutal force. It sang out as it descended,
then hit her naked flesh with a sickening slap.
She let out an intense scream.
The men laughed. The man
delivered another stinging blow, and another and another. As each blow connected Janes body contracted
and she leapt into the air with a heart-rending scream, only to drop back over
the chair again.

&nbsp;

After a number of blows the man grinned and
dropped the cane. As he turned in
profile to me I could see he had an enormous erection, the most hideously
over-sized organ Id ever seen. He
approached Jane, still hanging over the chair, still sobbing. There was a murmur of laughter among the
other men in the room. He stood behind
Jane, then squatted down so that he was looking
directly at her bruised and battered behind.
He pulled her cheeks apart and spat on her tight hole, she shuddered and
moaned. He stood up and positioned his
massive cock against her bottom. She
grunted and started to lift her head, looking round to see what was being
placed next to her back door. At that
moment he began to push. 

&nbsp;

She cried out, Ahhh. No.
No, you cant, its too big, I cant take it,
no stop. He paid no attention to her.
He gripped the shaft of his cock to reinforce it and pressed harder.

&nbsp;

No! No!
Oh God, no! Please, not that, please. Oh dear
God no, please, oh please, oh
pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssseeeeee!

&nbsp;

I stared in morbid fascination as he put
all his body weight behind his huge organ and started to overcome her
sphincter. I saw his cock breach her
defence and start to inch into her. She
screamed hysterically, begging them to stop, they only laughed. Finally, he was in her up to the hilt. She was breathing rapidly, still sobbing.

&nbsp;

Now you look like the stuck pig you are.
The man who was raping her bottom joked.
The whole room laughed heartily.
Jane wept. He slowly drew his
massive organ out of her, she shuddered.
When he had just the last couple of inches in her he drove back in
quickly, brutally. Jane was thrown
around like a rag doll. He grabbed hold
of her hair, pulling her head back, then reached round and grabbed one of her
breasts. He pinched the nipple and began twist it savagely. She shrieked again and began to twist and
turn, trying to find some relief.

&nbsp;

Thats it little darlin. Give me a good
ride. Her rapist was saying. No good just lying there like a fucking
corpse. Youre going to make it good for
me, shake your tight, white arse. Make
it good for me, or Ill hurt you some more, got that? 

&nbsp;

She groaned in pain and misery, Yes. Ill do it for you, I promise, Ill make it
good, I promise I will, only please dont hurt me any more. She broke down and sobbed again. There were cheers from the men in the room at
her surrender. How long had they been
torturing her, I wondered?

&nbsp;

As I watched she drew in a ragged breath
then began to rock her hips back and forth on the monster cock in her bowels to
cheers from the men in the room. Yeah
baby, tell us how you like it! One
called out. In a broken voice she began
to speak. Im a fuck pig. Being fucked is what Im here for, all Im
good for. Im just a white bitch who
deserves to have some big, hard black cock in her. More whistles and cheers. I want you all to fuck me and dump your
loads in me. Im here to make you happy,
do what you want to me, Im just your local police
fuck toy.

&nbsp;

Hey, you shouldnt be watching that
shit! A voice said in my ear. It was Leroy, who had come to find me. I looked at him, horrified.

&nbsp;

The boys are just having their fun with
the officer there. Most of them have
been shafted by bent police in the past, its their
way of getting even.

&nbsp;

But theyll kill her. I protested.

&nbsp;

No they wont. They know where to draw the line. Theyll
have their fun, but shell survive. She
may have a few scars to remind her of the night, but therell be no serious
harm done. Now you need to leave here,
unless you want to join in, of course?

&nbsp;

I shuddered, No, Im going. I turned and left Jane to her torture. I made my way back the way Id come, and soon
arrived at the room where granddad was having his fun with Carol. I peered round the door. Carol looked unhappy still. Her face was screwed up in discomfort, tears
escaping from her eyes and rolling slowly down her face. Granddad had his cock buried deep in her
bottom and as I watched he slowly with drew it completely, then
re-inserted it, driving slowly in up to the hilt. Carol moaned unhappily.

&nbsp;

Didnt you enjoy that then? He giggled,
No matter, you werent supposed to really!
When Ive had a chance to fuck your dyke arse some more, youre going to
suck my cock until I shoot my load, and youre going to swallow it, yes? She nodded slowly, then
put her head down.

&nbsp;

Id seen enough. I made my way back to the party, where I was
accosted by a group of five black men, all of whom had a play with my
breasts. One then lifted my skirt and
began to stroke my bum, gradually slipping a finger between my cheeks, pressing
on my back door. He put his head close
to my ear, This is nice, isnt it, girlie.
You take it up the arse then? I
nodded. Lets have a look at you
then. He grinned and unfastened my zip,
letting it fall to the floor. There were
comments from all five of them as they examined my naked pussy.

&nbsp;

My undresser then said, Looks like you
could do with having that filled. Why
dont you go and get us all a beer, and well have some fun? I nodded again, then
set off for the kitchen. Wherever I went
I encountered men who wanted to feel my breasts, pinch my nipples or push their
fingers into my pussy or my bottom. One
drunken white man saw me and roared with laughter, then pushed me into a corner
and forced his hand between my legs. He spread my pussy lips with his fingers, then slowly pushed a beer bottle into me. I shuddered as the cold smoothness touched my
inner lips. 

&nbsp;

Fuck it, bitch! Fuck that bottle like you mean it.! I took hold of
the bottle and began to rock my hips back and forth, simulating sex for his
pleasure. He stood back and watched,
grinning all the time. Finally, he
removed it from me, then made me drink its contents, sniggering all the time. He laughed in delight as he watched me drink,
then sent me back to the kitchen for another beer for
him. Only then was I allowed to return
to my five friends. They greeted me with
cheers and snatched the beers from me, one of them stroking my nipples, another patted me on my bottom.

&nbsp;

There were fewer people in the main party
room now. I hadnt seen Neil or Alan for
some time. On sofas and chairs around
the large room groups and couples were entertaining themselves in various
ways. There was no sign of Jane, of
Carol. I wondered how much they were
enjoying themselves.

&nbsp;

One of the five put his beer down then drew
me to him. He stood behind me and hugged
me close into his body. He began to cup
and stroke my breasts, then slipped a hand between my
legs and stroked my pussy lips. I arched my back to allow him easier access,
pushing my hips forward and opening my legs.
He grunted happily, You ready for some, then, girlie? I nodded.

&nbsp;

He sat back on a sofa, opening his trousers
as he did so. He indicated his flaccid
cock, saying, Get to work then, darlin. I knelt between his thighs and began to suck
and lick, making as much of a show if it as I could. There were murmurings of approval from some
of the men around me, and the cock in my mouth stiffened rapidly. Come on then darlin, climb aboard! He giggled.


&nbsp;

I straddled his stiff member and lowered
myself onto it. I shuddered as I sank
down onto him, then let out a contented sigh as I felt
his wiry pubes tickling my pussy lips. I rocked my hips, feeling him deep
inside me. He grunted happily, and
reached out to play with my breasts. My
nipples had received so much attention during the evening they were extremely
sensitive. They responded at once as he started to circle them with his finger,
stiffening visibly. I leaned forward and
placed my hands on his shoulders, steadying myself, then began to bounce my
hips up and down, driving him deep into me with each stroke. He grabbed both my breasts, running his
thumbs over my nipples. I looked down to
see his dark shaft contrasting so sharply with the white skin of my pussy lips,
and then I started to climax.

&nbsp;

It wasnt a sudden, crashing orgasm such as
Id had on other occasions, this was more of a slow
burn. A crescendo of
pleasure which began gently deep within me, and gradually increased. I felt it build and build, I began to lose
control of my breathing, feeling it quicken suddenly. I heard myself gasp and groan as the waves of
pleasure took over. I was in heaven as I
drove my hips down onto his lovely black cock, feeling him stroking my
breasts. I closed my eyes and gave
myself over to the sheer delight, and then opened them again sharply as I felt
another hand caress my belly and drop to my pussy. I looked round frantically to see a strange
black man grinning at me, Try this out sweetheart. He grinned, then began to stroke my clit. For a moment I was unable to move. The waves of sheer ecstasy which coursed
through my body rendered me immobile, and then I collapsed,
a crying, shrieking, wailing mass of pleasure.
The sensations seemed to go on for ever, and if anything were intensified
as I felt my lover empty his balls into me.

&nbsp;

The next thing I knew I was lying on the floor, surrounded by men who were laughing,
grinning, joking and above all applauding!
Shit! Now thats what you call an orgasm! One of them said. More laughter. 

&nbsp;

Lets give her some more. Another voice suggested. There was a chorus
of agreement, and then I was picked up then placed over another stiff, black
cock and lowered down onto it. This one
was thicker than the last and stretched me more. I groaned as it penetrated me, and then
strong hands took hold of my legs and under my arms and slowly lifted me
up. I shuddered as I felt the cock slide
up my hot tunnel.

&nbsp;

When there was just the tip left inside me
I was driven down hard onto it again, forcing it up me to the hilt. I opened my eyes in shock as the sensations
ran through me. I felt my eyes open wide
and my mouth gaped open but I was unable to speak. I heard laughter around me, and hands stroked
my breasts and nipples, making me gasp with pleasure. They repeated the joke several more times,
lifting me up then forcing me down roughly onto the fat cock in my pussy. 

&nbsp;

There was a general air of laughter around
me, they were having fun. After a time
they stopped driving me down onto the cock, the man beneath me started to rock
his hips smoothly, causing a new range of sensations in my sensitive
pussy. I started to rock in rhythm,
putting my hands on my lovers shoulders again to steady myself. Hands still casually ran across my breasts,
occasionally pulling gently on my swollen nipples. And then I felt a finger run down between the
cheeks of my bottom, over my tight little hole.
It lingered, circling, teasing. I
groaned. The finger was removed, then replaced moments later, this time with a lubricant. It slipped into me easily, and I shuddered,
the men watching grunted their approval.
It started to mirror the rhythm of the cock in my pussy, slipping into
my bowels effortlessly.

&nbsp;

I sighed contentedly as warm waves of
pleasure bathed me. I felt the blunt
head of a cock nudge at my bottom and relaxed, waiting for the moment it
penetrated me. It slid slowly into my
bowels, gently pushing in as deep as it could, and then I had two of them in
me, pistoning away as I gave myself over to the sheer, delicious pleasure. 

&nbsp;

Id closed my eyes to enjoy the pleasure,
but opened them when I felt something nudging against my face. A large, black cock was being pushed towards
me. With a gasp I turned my head and
took it into my mouth. I sucked on it
urgently, the men around me making comments about me as I did so. This one cant get enough black cock, look
at her, she fucking loves it. Shell
get all she wants and more tonight, wont she?
More laughter.
I swirled my tongue over the head of the cock in my mouth.

&nbsp;

The cock in my pussy twitched, then I felt
the warmth of its jism inside me. My lover lay back gasping for breath and
there was a cry of pleasure from behind me.
I felt the cock in my bottom start to come, and then he pulled out of
me, spraying his hot jism over my back. I shuddered as I felt the hot splashes hit my
skin. The man I was sucking obviously
liked what he saw as he began to shoot in my mouth,
then pulled out and covered my face with a copious amount of gooey come.

&nbsp;

I was in the middle of a large group of
men, mostly black but some white too.
They were enjoying watching me being serviced. Whenever a cock in my
pussy came I was lifted up briefly, then a new lover would take his place and I
would be lowered onto a new hot, stiff shaft.
I was made to work hard to pleasure them. If I stopped to rest for more than a second
or two I was punished with a stinging slap to my bottom, my breasts or my face. The men having me, or watching made vivid,
obscene comments about my body. Look at
the little teacher take that cock up her arse. Jesus! She fucking loves it!, Listen to her yelp when I give her tits a pull, such a
laugh. The men shafting my bottom or my
mouth frequently emptied their balls over my back or my face, causing laughter
among the watching men and prompting further comments. Give it to her good, boys. Show the little bitch a good time!, Her
bald little cunt wont know whats hit it when weve finished with it!, more laughter.

&nbsp;

For long periods of time I was aware only
of the cocks buried in me. When one
climaxed it was quickly replaced with another.
I was in a constant state of pleasure, almost a long, continuous orgasm. From time to time hands would slap my bottom
to giggles of approval from the men watching, other hands would play with my
breasts or tease my clit, and I simply lay back and let it happen, feeling
deliciously dirty.

&nbsp;

At some point I was left alone. I lay back on a sofa, relishing the warm glow
of pleasure covering my body. All I
could taste was semen and my face was covered with the stuff. I simply lay face down on the sofa and waited
for the pleasure sensations to subside.
After a while I stood up, a little unsteadily, and shuddered as I felt the jism of all those men running over my skin. I wiped my face with the back of my hand, then took off my blouse, which was soaked with more
semen. I wiped away as much as I could, then looked around me as I massaged the rest into my
skin. Very few people were in the main
party room now, but I did see Carol, standing on her own in a corner, still
with her vest and stars and stripes knickers.
I threw my come soaked blouse into the corner and walked, stark naked
over to her. She smiled when she saw me.

&nbsp;

Are you ok? She asked, a
concerned look on her face. 

&nbsp;

I smiled back at her, Never better, why do
you ask?

&nbsp;

Well, its just that all your clothes are
gone, and I saw what they all did to you just now, and it looked awful.

&nbsp;

Actually, it was rather nice! How about you, are you ok?

&nbsp;

I suppose so. Some horrible old man took me to one of the
rooms earlier. He made me undress, then I had to do awful things. I had to suck him, and he lay
on top of me to do it, and kept pushing his cock to the back of my throat. And
he smelled awful, just awful. Then he put his cock in my pussy and went at
me like that for ages, and all the time he was calling me horrible names. Then he started doing nasty things to my bum. He pushed his fingers up there, and pulled it
apart, and then he forced his cock up me and made me suck it afterwards. And
then he came in my mouth, and there was just gallons of it, loads of it. I
spilled some down my front and he made me rub it in. He was particularly insistent that I rub it
into my nipple ring, you know, Bonnys ring. Dirty old bastard.

&nbsp;

I nodded in sympathy. And was that it for you?

&nbsp;

Oh no. She groaned. After that
there was a group of four black guys.
They made me suck each of them off, but before I did. She looked around to make sure no one else
could hear, Before I did, I had to lick their arses. She whispered the
last. God! It
was so fucking gross! And then there was
this middle aged white guy. He thought
it was funny to make me do myself with a beer bottle! He made me lay in
front of him and do myself with a beer bottle until I came. And I had to tell him all the things I like
Bonny to do to me, and all the things I do to her. And then he wanted to know
how old Id been when I lost my virginity, and who to, and who was the first
woman Id slept with, the whole bloody lot.
All the time he had this other girl sucking his cock, and when he came
he pulled out of her mouth and shot his stuff over me, then made her lick it
off. Just awful!

&nbsp;

Carol, I need a drink. Would you like one?

&nbsp;

Are we allowed?

&nbsp;

I dont bloody well care, come on. I made my way to the kitchen, followed
closely by Carol. We were groped a few
times as we moved through the house, but otherwise we were untroubled. Once in the kitchen I rinsed my mouth with
water and spat into the sink, before pouring a large
vodka for each of us and handing a glass to Carol. 

&nbsp;

Well, have you learned your lesson do
you think?

&nbsp;

She giggled, Well, I know I dont like
dirty old men, or dirty black men, or dirty middle aged men, so thats been
worth finding out, hasnt it?

&nbsp;

We both laughed.

&nbsp;

How about you. I never did find out why you
were here. She said.

&nbsp;

Curiosity, I suppose. Im moving away from the area soon. This is a kind of sowing my wild oats sort
of a thing.

&nbsp;

We finished our drinks and started back
towards the main room. 

&nbsp;

As we entered the main room I could see
that something of a crowd had gathered.
Someone was moving around within a circle of guests and girls. Carol and I moved closer to see. I caught my breath, it was Jane, but she was
a shadow of her former self. 

&nbsp;

Globules of semen could be seen in her
hair, which was a tangled mess. Her face was streaked with tears, snot, make up
and more semen. The word pig had been
written across her forehead in red ink.
Her white uniform blouse was heavily stained with semen, and what I
presumed from the colour and the smell to be urine. Her breasts were covered in angry welts and
spring clips had been placed on her nipples.
They had shaved off her neat pubic bush, and again written pig across
her bald mound. 

&nbsp;

She was carrying a tray of drinks, which
she was offering to the guests. As she
paused before each man she said, Im an ugly, dirty fuck pig sir. Please have a drink. Each man took a drink and then turned and ignored
her. As she made her
way round the circle I caught a glimpse of her bottom. Red welts now ran from just above her knees
to the small of her back. A trail of
blood, semen and faeces ran down the back of her legs, and she looked highly
unsteady on her feet.

&nbsp;

As she tottered round, one of her
tormentors called to her, Hey, officer, one of the guys needs your
assistance. He laughed, as did his companions. She carefully put down her tray
of drinks, then tottered over to where the young black
man stood. How can I help you
sir. She asked politely, making her
tormentors giggle. 

&nbsp;

Well its like this, constable. He began with a laugh, his voice loud enough
to draw the attention of even the most drunken guest. Ive been drinking beer
and fucking you all night, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

That is correct sir.

&nbsp;

Ive fucked your mouth, Ive fucked your
cunt and Ive fucked your arse, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

Yes sir. She said quietly.

&nbsp;

And Ive given you a good seeing to with
the cane, isnt that a fact?

&nbsp;

Yes sir.

&nbsp;

And why is that, constable?

&nbsp;

Because Im a dirty, lying, corrupt bitch
who needs to be taught a lesson, sir.
She mumbled, her head dropping. 

&nbsp;

But now I find that I have a problem, and
need the assistance of a female police officer.

&nbsp;

How can I help you sir?

&nbsp;

He swayed, drunkenly and reached out a hand
to steady himself, grasping her breast and making her gasp with pain.

&nbsp;

Well, its like this, officer. I need a
piss, and I cant be arsed to go all the way to the toilet. What I need is a nice warm female police
officers mouth to piss in. Can you help
me?

&nbsp;

Certainly sir. She said quietly, then sank sadly to her knees. There were grins on the faces of many of the
men around her, enjoying her humiliation.
She knelt there for a moment looking up at him. He rolled his eyes theatrically, then said, You dont expect me to get it out for you, do
you? I mean, what do we pay our taxes for?
A ripple of laughter ran round the room as she began to fumble with his
zip. Finally, she managed to get his
trousers open, then reached inside with trembling fingers and brought out his
flaccid cock. She took his organ into
her mouth and a moment later began to swallow rapidly as he emptied his bladder
into her. He sighed loudly, then smiled contentedly at the guests around him. Ive always said that the British police are
the best in the world! he announced, to more laughs.

&nbsp;

She coughed and spluttered, some of his
urine running down her chin and onto her shirt.
Finally, he had finished, and she gently put his cock back into his
trousers and fastened them up again. She
stood up, shakily. Will that be all sir? She enquired.

&nbsp;

Thank you officer. I have no further use for
you. He grinned. She turned to walk away from him and he
swatted her bottom playfully. I saw her face contort in agony and her knees
almost gave way. She steadied herself,
then tottered over to the corner and leant against the wall, exhausted.

&nbsp;

I felt a hand on my bottom and looked
around. It was Neil, grinning happily. Had a good time?

&nbsp;

Yes, but poor old Jane there hasnt, has
she?

&nbsp;

He shrugged, Too bad. He yawned.
We think its time to go, come on.

&nbsp;

I cant.
I cant leave her in that state.

&nbsp;

Dont worry, shell be fine. I looked around to see Leroy standing nearby.

&nbsp;

She doesnt look fine to me.

&nbsp;

No.
But the guys have had their fun with her now. That was the final scene. She knows it, look. I glanced over to see Jane now covered by a
bathrobe, and sipping from a large glass.
She was being looked after by one of the other girls. She wailed with pain as the clips were
removed from her nipples, allowing the blood to flow back into them and
restoring feeling, then she was drinking deeply again from the glass in her
hand. 

&nbsp;

She always gets the worst of it, every
time. Leroy said, But she always comes
back for more.

&nbsp;

She told me she didnt have a
choice. I said.

&nbsp;

Well, that may be true. But anyway, shell be ok, Angela there will
see to that. The brandy shes drunk will
have taken some of the pain away. See?, she looks better already. 

&nbsp;

As I glanced over again Jane was being
helped from the room. As she walked past
us she looked up at me and nodded. I
told you youd be ok, didnt I? She
smiled at me, her voice weak and husky, then left, leaning on the other girl.

&nbsp;

As we made our way to the door I was handed
a sheet which I wrapped around myself, then Alan, Neil and I made our way to
the car. Granddad, I was told, had left
earlier. While you
were centre stage. Neil
commented.

&nbsp;

You enjoyed yourself then? Alan asked.

&nbsp;

It was certainly memorable! I
grinned. They laughed, I settled back into the car seat,
feeling exhaustion wash over me. I
yawned and then felt sleep begin to take me.















Chapter 18

 
  HOME
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-10-10T10:34:00Z
  2006-10-10T10:34:00Z
  1
  12312
  70179
  John
  584
  164
  82327
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 18.

&nbsp;

I woke the following morning a little
confused. The last thing I remembered
was being in the back of the car as Neil and Alan took me home. I couldnt
remember how Id got to bed, and had no idea of the time. I moved to sit up and felt the full result of
my night at the party. 

&nbsp;

My body hurt
everywhere. My hips and my back ached,
my jaw felt as if someone had punched me repeatedly. My pussy and my bottom throbbed and when I
put my hand down between my legs and touched my clit I found it was so
sensitive I couldnt bear to touch it.
My nipples also were too tender to touch. I reeked of sex. All I could smell and taste was semen; it
seemed to coat the back of my throat. I
felt sick. As I slowly got out of bed I
felt the skin on my face and back stiff with more of it.

&nbsp;

Feeling
thoroughly disgusted I pulled on a bathrobe and made my way to the
kitchen. I rinsed my mouth several
times, and spat into the sink. I moved
slowly around, feeling battered and bruised.
I made myself tea, then ran a hot bath.
My body complained loudly as I lowered myself into the hot water. My bottom and pussy stung painfully, as did
my nipples. I sank beneath the water and
groaned. I had never imagined feeling
this bad after a night of pleasure, Id had better days when Id been suffering
from flu.

&nbsp;

I stayed in the
bath for as long as I could, only leaving it when the water became
uncomfortably cool. I patted myself dry
carefully. My whole body seemed to be
over-sensitive. I made more tea then
went back to bed. As soon as I entered
the bedroom I was assaulted by the smell of semen. I stripped the bed and put on new sheets and
covers, put the old ones in a carrier bag and threw them in the bin, then eased
myself gently into bed.

&nbsp;

I cast my mind
back to the events of the previous night.
I wondered how Jane would be feeling at that moment after her repeated
beating and abuse. I remembered how
casual the men had been as they ran their hands over the body of any woman who
came near. I shuddered at the thought of
all those hands roaming over me, how they had invaded all my most intimate
places. I remembered the man who had
opened my blouse, making me walk around with my breasts fully exposed. I thought about how it must have looked as
any number of men used my pussy, my bottom or my mouth, slapping me if I didnt
appear lively enough for them.

&nbsp;

Incredibly, I
began to feel randy! I slipped my hand
between my legs, but my poor clit was just too sensitive for even the most
gentle play. Sighing with frustration I
tried to take my mind off the sensitivity of my body by running through the
arrangements for my moving to join John.
In just over a week I would walk away from Alan, Neil, the flat and the
whole, unlikely episode in my life. That
was the plan, anyway.

&nbsp;

I got up after
a while and began to do some routine tasks around the flat. There was no sign or Alan or Neil. I was enjoying the solitude when the doorbell
rang. Wearily I made my way to the door
and opened it to see Lin standing there with a couple of bottles of wine.

&nbsp;

Right, Im not
taking no for an answer, I want to know everything, and I mean everything! She said as she brushed past me. I followed her up the stairs and into my
living room. I stood and watched as she
opened the first of the bottles, poured into two glasses and handed one to
me. Then she dropped into a nearby
chair, took a mouth full of wine and smiled up at me.

&nbsp;

Well? Dont keep me in suspense. Was it really good? What did they make you do? How many other girls were there? How many men had you? Did they use your arse or just your mouth and
pussy?

&nbsp;

I laughed at
her urgency. Give me a minute, wont you?

&nbsp;

I sat opposite
her and began to relate the events at the party. She watched in fascination as I described
the scene, continually re-filling our glasses.
I described how Id been fondled, and exposed, and then related the
encounter with my students. She giggled
as I told her how Id managed to get some of them to come in their pants. Serves them right, dirty little buggers!

&nbsp;

By the time Id
finished describing how Id been used continually by countless men, she had
started on the second bottle of wine and her face was flushed slightly
pink. I told her about my continuous
orgasm and she shuddered. I noticed that
her hand had made its way to her crotch, and now she was rubbing the knuckle
of her thumb along the seam of her jeans.
I told her how they would smack me if I slowed up at all, and her eyes
widened with lust.

&nbsp;

They just kept
going at you?

&nbsp;

I lost count pretty
quickly. They were having a great time,
I could tell by all the laughing.

&nbsp;

Oh my God, I
am so jealous!

&nbsp;

I told her
about Jane. How shed looked at the end,
when shed been made to kneel before her tormentor while he pissed in her
mouth. Lins eyes narrowed as she
imagined the scene. She took another
gulp of wine, then started to shed clothing urgently.

&nbsp;

Oh Jesus
fucking Christ, this is the hottest thing Ive ever heard, and if I dont get
these knickers off right away, Im going to fucking explode!

&nbsp;

In moments she
was naked, then she fell back into her chair and spread her legs over the arms,
exposing her neat blonde bush. Even in
my exhausted state I could see her slit was swollen and wet, her nipples erect. A thrill of desire ran through me. I loved
the look of Lins body, and seeing her like this made me even more
aroused. I still didnt dare touch my
own super-sensitive clit, but I wanted to touch hers.

&nbsp;

Would you like
me to go down on you? I asked.

&nbsp;

No, I want you
to keep talking! She said hastily. You can come and stroke my pussy if you
like, though.

&nbsp;

I moved to
kneel at the side of her chair, then started to relate bout the man with the
beer bottle. As I did so I ran my
fingertip along her damp slit. She
looked at me, eyes wide, then slid further down in her seat, spreading her legs
wider apart and pushing her hips up towards my finger. I gently slipped a finger between her folds,
savouring her delicate scent and the warmth of her pussy. She groaned as I pushed the finger into her
as I told how a complete stranger had backed me against a wall, forced my legs
apart and then pushed a bottle into me, fucking me with it then making me drink
its contents.

&nbsp;

Then I told her
about Carol, and how granddad had used and abused her, including what Id seen
him doing to her, and what shed told me later.
When I told her about Janes caning and anal rape I let my fingers slip
out of her pussy and drop to her own back door.
I pushed my thumb into her pussy then tickled her puckered hole with my
fingers. She groaned and began to tease
and stroke her nipples. Then she began
to buck her hips, forcing my thumb into her hot slit, and then she sighed and
began to come. She groaned and cried out
as each wave of pleasure washed over her, then fell back into her chair, a
half-formed smile on her pretty face.

&nbsp;

You do that
too well for your own good. She said
sleepily. What a fucking brilliant night. Christ! Im amazed you can keep your hands off your
pussy! If al that had happened to me Id
be diddling from now til doomsday!

&nbsp;

I giggled in
response. I cant bear to touch myself
today. I feel like Ive been
electrocuted or something, any part of me which doesnt ache is too sensitive
to touch.

&nbsp;

Really? Oh
dear, perhaps Id better give you some TLC.
Come with me.

&nbsp;

She stood and
crossed the room still stark naked. I
followed, admiring her shapely bottom as I did so. She took me into the bedroom and made me lay
face down on the bed.

&nbsp;

OK, wait here,
Ill be back in a moment. She said. She returned a minute or so later with a
bottle of baby oil. OK now just
relax. She giggled, then poured some
directly onto my back. Then she began to
gently massage me, starting in the small of my back and climbing to my neck and
shoulders. The feeling as she relaxed my
tense, knotted muscles was simply wonderful.
She sat astride me and I felt her pubes tickle my skin at the base of my
spine.

&nbsp;

She moved
lower, concentrating on my lower back and then began to massage my bum
cheeks. I gave myself over to her
skilful hands and let her stroke away my aches and pains. She stroked my hips and thighs, gently
applying oil to the sensitive skin of my inner thighs, and then she ran her
fingertip over my delicate bottom. I
flinched as I felt her finger touch me there.

&nbsp;

Relax. She coaxed, soothingly, I wont hurt you, I
promise. I settled back on the
bed. She began to stroke the inside of
my bum cheeks, just barely grazing my once tight back door. Gradually, she applied a little more pressure
until she was massaging the baby oil directly onto my battered hole. She was so gentle that after a short time I
began to enjoy her attentions, and much of my tension dissolved.

&nbsp;

Then she had me
turn over, and she began to minister to the front of my body. She tutted to herself as she realised how
tender my nipples were, Oh you poor darling, theyre really sore, arent
they? When will men learn to treat them
gently instead of gripping them like pliers and twisting them off?

&nbsp;

In moments she
had covered them in oil, soothing them gently with her delicate hands. I closed my eyes and relished the luxury of
being pampered. She worked her way
gradually down my body until she came to my shaven mound. I tensed slightly as she began to run her
fingers across it, but she spoke soothingly again, reassuring me, relaxing
me. She eased my thighs apart and
continued to massage my inner thighs, then she ran her fingers across my pussy
lips. The sensations were sheer ecstasy,
and I was soon sighing contentedly. I
knew what was coming, but Lin was so gentle I had no fears at all.

&nbsp;

Slowly,
methodically, she began to stroke from the very top of my inner thigh inwards,
moving incredibly slowly. I held my
breath as she reached the lips of my pussy, feeling them move under her attention. Then she gently parted them and ran her
finger around the entrance to my tunnel.
I gasped at the tenderness there, but she continued to stroke with the
utmost gentleness.

&nbsp;

I began to
respond, my pussy beginning to lubricate itself. She slipped a finger gently into me, stroking
my delicate folds as she did so. As her
fingers gently explored my innermost folds I felt the sensitivity ease and
began to rock my hips against her long, slim fingers.

&nbsp;

She placed a
finger of her other hand at the top of my slit and began to rotate it gently,
drawing tiny circles on my skin. Almost imperceptibly, she began to move her
finger lower, until it reached the base of my clit. I drew in a ragged breath as I felt the nerve
endings in my little bud start to complain at the merest touch. And yet she was moving so slowly, and so
gently that soon the jangling nerve endings were soothed and I sighed with
relief.

&nbsp;

She kept on for
several minutes, stroking her fingers into my pussy and gently stroking the
base of my clit. I was in heaven! I closed my eyes and lay back, determined to
enjoy every second of her wonderful massage.
Then she began to move slowly towards the head of my clit. I was seriously aroused, and knew it would be
poking out from under its hood. 

&nbsp;

I held my
breath as she drew nearer and nearer.
And then she touched it. Her
touch was so gentle I couldnt be sure she had made any contact at all, but
then I clearly felt her touch my most sensitive spot. I let out a long, low moan as she drew her
fingertip slowly across my bud, and then she began to draw circles again. Beautiful, delicate waves of pleasure ran
through me. I felt I had become liquid
as she stroked and teased my clit and my pussy.
I had never felt anything so erotic before and was almost hypnotised by
the rhythm of her gentle fingers. 

&nbsp;

I heard myself
let out an anguished Oh! And then I
couldnt stop. Wave upon wave of sensual
pleasure ran through me as she gently caressed me to climax. I heard myself call sighing and calling, Oh,
oh, oh, oh as my entire being was consumed by my climax. I felt Lin carefully remove her fingers from
me, then she lay next to me on the bed.

&nbsp;

When I had gone
some way to recovery I turned to look at her.
I have never been handled like that before in my entire life! I gasped, You play me like a
Stradivarius! Thank you so much for
that.

&nbsp;

She giggled,
Were becoming a right pair of lesbos, arent we? Perhaps we should run away together? Form a commune, or a womens group or
something?

&nbsp;

We both laughed
hysterically. 

&nbsp;

Can you
imagine if we told John and Keith, sorry guys but youre redundant! We dont need you anymore, youve been
replaced by six inches of plastic and a couple of batteries! Take care now! Shit! Imagine the look on their faces!

&nbsp;

We laughed and
laughed, then fell into each others arms.
I had never felt so at ease as I did at that moment, naked, in bed with
Lin, our breasts pressed together. I
wanted to stay there forever, comforted by the warmth of her body, the delicate
scent of her sex. I began to drift into
a contented sleep. Lin started to stroke
my hair, planting the odd delicate kiss on my forehead.

&nbsp;

Im really
going to miss you when you go. She
said. She sounded almost surprised by
the realisation. Then she laughed softly
to herself, Perhaps its just as well though, Im starting to look forward
more and more to being in bed with you.

&nbsp;

Really?

&nbsp;

Really! She giggled.
All I could think about last night was what theyd be doing to
you. Jesus I was turned on! Funny thing
was though, when I got into bed with Keith I found I didnt want him, I wanted
you! I kept imagining you stroking my
pussy or going down on me. It was that that got me off! Keith has no idea, of
course, but I came lots of times just imagining being in bed with you.

&nbsp;

I, er, well,
I dont really know what to say. I stuttered.

&nbsp;

Dont say
anything. In a little while youll be
gone. Thatll be it, game over. I just wanted you to know, thats all

&nbsp;

Ill miss
you too. I mumbled.

&nbsp;

Lin leant in
and kissed me full on the lips. Her
mouth was warm and gentle, and she tasted of wine still. I felt her tongue push gently between my lips
and I opened them to allow her access.
And then we were kissing with increasing passion, locked in each others
arms. She began to stroke my breasts,
cupping them. She ducked her head down and began to gently kiss my nipples,
circling the tip of her tongue over them.
She moved lower and lower down my body, kissing my skin gently as she
went. 

&nbsp;

I sighed
contentedly as she began to plant kisses on the sensitive skin of my inner
thighs, and then she moved slowly up until I could feel her hot breath on my
pussy. She began to plant the most
delicate, gentle kisses on my pussy lips.
I felt my heart racing as waves of pleasure began to run through
me. She ran the tip of her tongue along
my hot slit and I arched my back in pleasure as the waves built to sheer
ecstasy.

&nbsp;

She gently
pushed my legs further apart, then began to kiss and lick my pussy lips. I heard myself groan in pleasure and she
chuckled to herself, her hot breath stimulating my super-sensitive clit still
further. Her tongue wormed its way
between my pussy lips, circled the entrance to my tight tunnel, the slowly made
its way to my clit.

&nbsp;

I stiffened
and held my breath as I felt her tongue reach out for my hard bud. I gasped and arched my back as jolts of
pleasure ran through my entire body.
This was the most erotic experience Id ever had, not just physically
sexy and pleasurable, but emotionally erotic.
As I lay there, my legs wide apart as she licked and tickled my bud I
felt warm waves of pleasure slip over me.

&nbsp;

I sighed
contentedly, and then Lin shifted her position, moving around and straddling me
in a classic sixty-nine position. I
was looking directly at her beautiful blonde pussy. I immediately reached out m tongue and ran it
along her lips, feeling her shudder and her hot breath on my own pussy as she
sighed with pleasure. I kissed and
licked her most feminine place, I pushed my tongue deep into her, feeling her
writhe around in pleasure. In return she
did the most amazing things to me, bringing me to the brink of a massive orgasm
time and time again, only to let me slip back from the brink every time.

&nbsp;

I became
desperate, lapping at her pussy urgently, slipping my fingers into her warm,
wet tunnel, playing with her clit. In
the minutes we were in position we almost drove each other crazy with
desire! And then she drove her hips down
onto my face with a cry of delight. A
thrill ran through me and I responded in kind, thrusting my hips up to her
waiting mouth. As her orgasm started she
cried out again, this time her cries were muffled by my own pussy and the
feelings they generated in me drove me over the edge and I climaxed with her.

&nbsp;

As our
orgasms subsided she collapsed on top of me, her sopping wet pussy just inches
from my face, her head between my legs still.
I had never felt so completely sated.
A warm glow bathed my body. I
reached out and gently stroked her bottom, she chuckled in response. We lay together for endless minutes, a
delicious, erotic warmth between us.
Finally, she moved, saying, If I dont go now, I never will!

&nbsp;

Suits me!

&nbsp;

I have to
meet Keith. Were going for tea at his
mums house. Can you imagine if they
knew what wed been up to! Fuck! Shed
have a heart attack!

&nbsp;

We both
laughed, and then she surprised me by leaning over and kissing me gently on the
lips. She pulled back and looked at me,
seeming suddenly very vulnerable. I
wanted her to stay with me. Like I
said, its a good job you are leaving soon, or I might not let you go at
all! I smiled back at her, and then she
quickly rose from the bed and started to dress.

&nbsp;

Will we get
to do this again, do you think? I
asked.

&nbsp;

Oh Christ I
hope so! She grinned.

&nbsp;

Me too!

&nbsp;

She had
finished dressing. She picked up her bag
and made for the bedroom door. As she
opened it, she turned and blew me a kiss, then left. I sank back into the bed feeling warm and
contented, and a little sorry shed had to leave. I grinned to myself then got up and pulled on
a bathrobe.

&nbsp;

I wandered
around the flat, looking for something to do, but there was nothing. No marking of books because although there
was still over a week of term to go, we had all but concluded our efforts to
teach our brood of idiots for the year.
It was all about getting through to the end of term now, something I was
becoming increasingly keen to see.

&nbsp;

On one level
I was having the time of my life and the best sex I ever expected to have, but
on another level I was looking forward to ending the game. It had gone way further than I would ever
have imagined, and I knew that the next few days would take me further still,
but I wanted out now. I kept thinking
about the house John and I were buying, and I was ready to make the break. But there was still the matter of seven more
school days to see out, and the prospect of some extreme experiences.

&nbsp;

That evening
Alan and Neil came back from the pub at about ten and decided that it was fun
time. They made me dance for them again,
slowly undressing as I did so, then playing with my body as they watched. Then they brought out the inflatable again,
and I was made to entertain them, rocking my way to orgasm with its appendages
deep inside me as the little pad buzzed maddeningly against my clit. Then they took me in top and tail fashion,
Neils oversize cock in my pussy while I sucked eagerly on Alans cock. Neil drove into me furiously, forcing me
forward onto Alans cock, pushing it deep into my mouth. When he hit the back of my throat and started
to gag and cough they laughed at me and jeered.

&nbsp;

Finally they
were sated and I was allowed to go to bed.
I fell at once into a deep, dreamless sleep and woke the following
morning feeling refreshed and satisfied.
And then I remembered that it was Monday. The start of yet another week of shame,
humiliation and debauchery for me. I
shuddered at the thought of what the boys at school would do to me at first
opportunity, but I had given my word to Alan that I would see out the game
until the end of term.

&nbsp;

I showered
and dressed, a white blouse and grey skirt with matching jacket, no stockings
and my usual plain white knickers. On
the way to school I confessed to Alan how nervous I was feeling. I had hoped for some support and
understanding from him, but of course I was disappointed.

&nbsp;

I should
think you would be nervous, youre about to become the plaything of a bunch of
fifteen year old boys! Theyre going to
have the time of their lives with you over the next week and a bit. I bet by the end of term youll have had more
pricks than a pin cushion!

&nbsp;

Oh God, Alan
dont, please.

&nbsp;

What? You dont like the idea of a bunch of young
boys with their hands in your knickers?
Youre not becoming a snob, are you?

&nbsp;

A snob? What the hell do you mean?

&nbsp;

You think
youre too good for them, dont you? You
think theyre too common to be able to have you. Thats right, isnt it? Stuck up Alison is just too good for local
council estate boys, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

Thats not
it at all. I protested.

&nbsp;

Then prove
it! Give them what they want, make sure
they have a good time. Be the dirtiest,
sexiest randiest bitch theyll ever have.
Theyll remember you for the rest of their lives, you know.

&nbsp;

Thats what
Im afraid of. In case youd forgotten,
its illegal for someone of my age to do anything to someone of their age. Christ Alan, what if someone finds out?

&nbsp;

Dont worry
about that, youll be fine. Just get on
with entertaining them.

&nbsp;

I wasnt
reassured by his words at all. He seemed
disinterested in me that morning. As
soon as we reached school he strode off, leaving me in the car park. As I made my way into school I saw a group of
fifth year boys standing some distance away.
I recognised one of them as Gary, the tall red-haired boy from the
party. As he saw me he grinned and nudged one of the boys next to him. They all looked at me as I walked past, as I
entered the school I heard them sniggering and felt my face flush.

&nbsp;

Where ever I
went in school I seemed to see one or more of my tormentors. Chief among these of course was Adam, who
seemed to be everywhere. My first class
was a first year group, and I was grateful for their relative innocence. The lesson passed without incident, but at
break Adam forced his way through them as they were filing out and stood,
grinning at me.

&nbsp;

Hi Alison,
how are you this morning? He said, loudly enough for the last of the first
years to hear. A couple of them stopped at the door and turned to watch us.

&nbsp;

Get off to
your next lesson. I barked at then.

&nbsp;

But Miss,
its break time, Miss. They complained.

&nbsp;

Then get off
to the playground. I hissed at
them. They turned and began to shuffle
away. I slammed the door behind them.

&nbsp;

You should
have let them stay, theyd have enjoyed watching! Adam chuckled. I glared at him, but said nothing.

&nbsp;

Get your
skirt up then. He said, casually. I lifted my skirt, exposing my knickers for
his amusement.

&nbsp;

Why do you
always wear boring white ones? And no
stockings either? Why do you do that?

&nbsp;

Its just
what I like. I said simply.

&nbsp;

Yeah, well
its dead fucking boring. Wear something
more lively tomorrow, right?

&nbsp;

Yes, Adam.

&nbsp;

He walked
over to me and thrust his hand between my legs.
Hows your cunt this morning?
Granddad tells me you had a load of black bastards fuck you on
Saturday. He said you were taking them
three at a time, one in your cunt, one in your mouth and one up your arse, is
that right?

&nbsp;

Look, Adam,
I dont think thats any of your business, do you?

&nbsp;

Too fuckin
right its my business. I want to know,
now is it right what granddad said?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

Say it.

&nbsp;

Its right,
what granddad said, what he told you. I
did let a lot of black men have me on Saturday night. It was like granddad said.

&nbsp;

Cool! And how does your cunt feel this morning
then? He leered at me as he squeezed my
pussy lips through my knickers.

&nbsp;

Adam,
please.

&nbsp;

Drop
em. Lets have a look at it.

&nbsp;

I looked
around nervously, then pushed my knickers down and lifted my skirt high above
my waist. He grinned lecherously, then
pushed my legs apart and squatted in front of me, peering at my shaven
mound. 

&nbsp;

And your
arse-hole. He commanded. I turned, lifted my skirt and bent at the
waist. He took hold of the cheeks of my
bottom and pulled them roughly apart. I
squealed in protest but he just ignored me.
The he put a finger against my back door and began to push it in.

&nbsp;

Does this
hurt?

&nbsp;

No Adam.

&nbsp;

You like it
up your arse?

&nbsp;

Sometimes.

&nbsp;

Lets see
how you like this then. I heard his zip
being lowered, then felt his cock pushing at my bottom. I consciously relaxed and let him penetrate
me and in moments he was pushing his stiff cock deep into my bowels. He grabbed my hips, pulling me back onto him
as he drove into me with hard strokes. I
could feel his hot breath on my neck, could hear him grunting with each
stroke. After a couple of minutes I felt
his cock twitch in me then felt the familiar warmth. Then he pulled his cock from me. As I stood up he reached into my bag and
pulled out a tissue. He wiped his cock and threw it into the paper basket in
the classroom, then fastened his trousers and walked from the room, whistling
cheerfully. I quickly pulled my knickers
back on and smoothed my skirt back into place just as the bell for end of break
rang and the first of my next class began to file in.

&nbsp;

All through
the next lesson I was aware of his semen leaking from my bottom. I was desperate to get to a toilet to clean
myself, but I couldnt leave my class unsupervised. I couldnt get comfortable at all. If I sat
down I felt his wetness, and if I stood and walked I felt it leaking from
me. I was feeling thoroughly miserable. Finally, the bell rang signalling lunch and
as the pupils left I quickly gathered my things and made for the nearest staff
toilets.

&nbsp;

I finally
managed to clean myself, and returned to my classroom, not wanting to go to the
staff room. As I approached the door I
saw Adam and Brian waiting for me. They
grinned when they saw me.

&nbsp;

Come on, weve
been waiting for ages. Get in here and
get your kit off. Adam urged.

&nbsp;

Yeah, get
your tits out for starters, I want to have another look at them. Brian
ordered.

&nbsp;

Not here,
please boys. Lets go somewhere more
private.

&nbsp;

No. Heres just fine, now get them out. 

&nbsp;

Resigned to
my fate I opened the buttons of my blouse, then opened it exposing my breasts
to the two eager boys. In moments Brian
was cupping one breast whilst sucking on the other. I gasped as his tongue circled my nipple,
making it stiffen. Adam moved behind me,
lifted my skirt and began to stroke my bottom.
After a few moments he pulled my knickers down to my knees and pushed
his hand between my legs, stroking my pussy lips. He quickly found my clit and began to pinch
and pull at it, making me wriggle and squeal in protest.

&nbsp;

You like
having your clit played with, dont you? Makes you dance around, dont
it? He giggled.

&nbsp;

Oh, owww, oh
please stop that Adam, its not nice, I dont like it, owww, oh , ahhh, no. No
please, Adam.

&nbsp;

Show us how
you like to play with it then.

&nbsp;

They both
stood back and watched as I lay down on the floor, spread my legs and began to
gently stroke my pussy lips before finding my clit and gently teasing until it
became stiff.

&nbsp;

This is how
I like it. I breathed, Nice and
gentle, see? You stroke it gently, and it gets stiff.

&nbsp;

And that
feels good?

&nbsp;

Oh
yesssss! Oh it feels really, really good.

&nbsp;

I bet youd
like a cock up you now, wouldnt you? Brian asked, smiling.

&nbsp;

Oh yes, oh
Id love a nice hard cock up me, right now. Would you like to have me, Brian?

&nbsp;

Get over the
desk then. He ordered. I stood and bent
over one of the school desks, lifting my skirt and spreading my legs wide,
exposing my wet pussy for him. They both
snickered, then Brian stepped forward and I felt his cock nudge against my
lips. He eased his cock into me and I
heard him gasp with pleasure as he started to build his rhythm. Adam came and stood in front of me and slowly
lowered his trousers, exposing his semi-erect cock. I knew hed had no chance to wash it since
hed had me at break time, and he grinned at me as he pushed his hips forward,
his cock inches from my face.

&nbsp;

I sighed and
opened my mouth, taking him inside and sucking gently. He began to stiffen at
once and was soon throbbing in my mouth as I licked and sucked him. He reached down and took hold of me by the
hair, pulling my face forward and pushing deep into me.

&nbsp;

She likes a
face fucking, watch this. He said to
Brian, who was still driving into me.

&nbsp;

Adam began to
thrust in and out of my mouth vigorously.
I put up my hand to stop him pushing in to deep but he waved it
away. The two of them were pounding into
me, my body being thrown around like a rag doll. Finally Adam began to come, his jism hitting
the back of my throat as he groaned and pulled me onto his cock. Then Brian started to come, his hot seed
shooting deep into my pussy.

&nbsp;

As soon as he
had finished, Adam pulled out of me and sat back on a desk, smiling. Brian stayed in me for a few moments before
he too withdrew. I lay across the desk
for a few moments, my breathing slowly returning to normal. As I stood up I saw Brian pick up my knickers
and put them in his pocket, grinning at me as he did so. Then they both walked calmly out of the
classroom. I quickly dressed and went to
the toilets again.

&nbsp;

I had no
classes that afternoon, so I started the process of hand over notes for the
next teacher who would take my classes, then began to sort out my books and
papers. All the time I was aware of
Brians semen inside me, and no mater how much water or coffee I drank I
couldnt get the taste of Adam out of my mouth.
Feeling thoroughly disgusted and abused I drove home in almost total
silence, although Alan did make me tell him of my exploits, even giggling when
I told him how uncomfortable I felt. As
soon as we got home I jumped in the shower, cleaning myself thoroughly. 

&nbsp;

Alan had
disappeared up to his own flat and I was sorting through some of my things
preparing for the move, when the doorbell rang. I went to open it and was
dismayed to see Adam standing there. But
even worse, he had Gary with him.

&nbsp;

Hi
Alison. Gary fancied having another play
with you, you dont mind, do you? He
said as he casually brushed past me.
Gary followed and the two of them stood looking at me, smirking.

&nbsp;

I, er, no,
look, Adam, its not convenient right now, Im really busy. I just dont have the time. I flustered.

&nbsp;

Make
time. He said simply, then began to
climb the stairs. Gary followed, leaving
me standing, open mouthed with shock at his sheer confidence.

&nbsp;

Come on
then! If youre busy youd better get a move on, hadnt you? They both giggled.

&nbsp;

I followed
them up to my flat. Adam made his way to
the kitchen, still followed by Gary. I
walked dumbly after them. As I walked
into the kitchen Adam opened the fridge, calmly took out a can of beer and
opened it. Then he looked at me. Well? Dont be anti-social then, take Gary
to the bedroom.

&nbsp;

Too stunned
for words I took Garys hand, which was slightly clammy, and lead him to my
bedroom. I closed the door behind us and
looked at Gary. He fidgeted
nervously. I thought he looked almost
scared, as if he might run away at any minute.
I smiled at him, his lack of confidence amusing. He mistook my smile for encouragement,
grinning back at me then reaching out and groping my breasts. I resisted the urge to pull away, letting him
have his fun.

&nbsp;

Lets have
another look at you then, Miss. He
urged.

&nbsp;

I glanced
down to see my fingers trembling as they reached for the hem of my T-shirt, and
then I lifted it, exposing my breasts to his hungry gaze. Before I had even removed my T-shirt
completely his hands were all over them, cupping them, stroking them, playing
with my nipples.

&nbsp;

Lets see
the rest then.

&nbsp;

I opened my jeans
and pushed them to the floor, stepping out of them. He looked me up and down and licked his
lips. I took a deep breath, then pushed
my knickers down. He stared at my mound,
then stepped forward and put his hand between my legs, fumbling with my pussy
lips.

&nbsp;

Do what you
did at the party, Miss. Play with it.

&nbsp;

I lay on the
bed and opened my legs. He watched in
fascination as I slowly began to play with my pussy, stroking it and playing
with my clit until I felt myself becoming wet. I closed my eyes and gave myself
over to the feelings, almost forgetting that he was there, and then he
clambered between my legs and pushed my hands aside as he positioned his stiff
cock at the entrance to my pussy. 

&nbsp;

He pushed
into me, driving his young cock deep into my hot tunnel. He groaned and gasped, Oh fucking yeah. Oh fucking Christ. He reached up to grab my breasts, mauling
them painfully. I took hold of his
hands, Gently, Gary. Go gently now. He
paid no attention, slamming his cock into me with rapid, stabbing strokes. He was panting for breath, his eyes staring
wildly as he pounded into me, still grabbing my breasts. Finally I felt him start to come, until he
drove into me with one final lunge, holding himself inside me as he emptied his
balls into me.

&nbsp;

He collapsed
on top of me momentarily, then quickly got up, put his cock back in his
trousers and quickly left the room, pulling up his zip as he went. As I got up from the bed I heard his
footsteps running down the stairs and the front door slamming. I pulled my clothes back on and returned to
the kitchen, where Adam sat calmly drinking another beer and smoking a
cigarette.

&nbsp;

He enjoyed
himself, then? He laughed. 

&nbsp;

You said I
wouldnt have to do any of the others until after the end of this week. First the party, now this. Its got to stop Adam, I wont do it any
more.

&nbsp;

Youll do
what tour fucking told, love. Any
bitching and granddad will smack your arse, right?

&nbsp;

No. This has got to stop you little bugger, I
wont do any more of this.

&nbsp;

Do you want
me to go to the police? Thats three of
us youve interfered with now, theyll put you away for years if they find
out. Well? Do you want me to go to the police? Answer me.

&nbsp;

No of course
I dont Adam, all Im saying is

&nbsp;

I dont
fucking care what youre saying. You
dont get it, do you? Look, Ill explain.
You are my toy, my property. I
can do whatever I like with you, give you to whoever I want, and youll do it
because if you dont, you go to prison, see?

&nbsp;

Look, Adam,
please

&nbsp;

And if that
means letting every kid in the school fuck you senseless, then thats what
youll do, right?

&nbsp;

But you
wont make me do anything like that, will you? 

&nbsp;

It depends
on how you behave. If you do as youre
told Ill keep it down to just my mates, but if I think you need to be taught a
lesson, Ill give you to loads of them.
So, whats it going to be, then?
Are you going to be nice, or do I need to teach the teacher a lesson?

&nbsp;

I swallowed
hard. He had completely defeated
me. I didnt doubt that the little
bastard would go to the police if I didnt keep him happy, and of course, hed
portray himself as the injured innocent.

&nbsp;

No. You dont need to do that, Adam, Ill be
nice, I promise.

&nbsp;

Good. Now, I seem to remember you calling me a
little bugger. That wasnt very nice,
now was it Alison?

&nbsp;

No Adam, Im
sorry.

&nbsp;

Well, sorry
really isnt good enough, now is it?

&nbsp;

I suppose
not, Adam.

&nbsp;

So what do
you think Im going to have to do with you?

&nbsp;

Youre going
to have to spank my bottom, Adam.

&nbsp;

I think
youre right, Alison. I think thats
exactly what Im going to have to do.
Tell you what, though, why dont you ask me nicely? I enjoy hearing you beg for it. Go on, beg me for it.

&nbsp;

A thrill of
shame ran through me. Please Adam,
please, Im sorry I was so rude to you.
Im sorry I called you such a horrible name. I deserve to be punished Adam. Will you spank my bottom please Adam?

&nbsp;

Beg some
more. Tell me how you like it.

&nbsp;

I love to be
punished Adam. I love having my bottom
spanked. I want to be spanked now, Adam.
Its all I deserve after being so rude and naughty to you. Will you spank my bare bottom please
Adam. Show me what happens to naughty
girls. Will you, Adam? Please Adam, Im begging you, please spank my
bare bottom, Adam.

&nbsp;

My head was
spinning, I could feel my heart pounding as I stammered out my request for my
fifteen-year-old student to punish my bare bottom. I could hardly believe I had stooped so low,
and yet I could feel the thrill of humiliation making my entire body tingle.

&nbsp;

Youd better
get your kit off then.

&nbsp;

Yes
Adam. I said, immediately starting to
undress. My T-shirt went first, I
noticed him smile as he looked at my naked breasts, then my jeans came off, and
finally my knickers. I took them off then
went and stood in front of Adam and held them out to him. Do you want these, Adam?

&nbsp;

Sure. He smiled confidently, But write your name
on the front first. I reached for a pen
then wrote my name carefully on the front of my knickers then signed them. I handed them to him and he grinned, putting
them to his face he sniffed at them.

&nbsp;

You really
are excited, arent you? He
laughed. I felt my face flush with
shame. Come on then Alison, get into
position.

&nbsp;

I draped
myself across his lap, my naked bottom high in the air. Almost at once he began to slap my cheeks,
giggling as I called out after each stinging blow, One, thank you Adam; two,
thank you Adam By the time I reached
fifteen my bottom felt like it was on fire.
Each new slap made me squeal and I writhed around on his lap as he
giggled at my discomfort. 

&nbsp;

Oh God,
Adam, oh please stop. Please, Im
begging you, Im really sorry, please stop, it hurts so much, please Adam.

&nbsp;

He laughed
again, You are so fucking easy, you know that?
You start off with I wont do it any more Adam, then you back down and
plead with me, then you say youre sorry and ask for your arse to be smacked,
and then you beg and whine that it hurts too much. I bet youre really randy now, arent you?

&nbsp;

I gasped and
moaned as he stroked my blazing cheeks.
Tell me. You are, arent
you? A hot little cunt just ready to be
fucked. I bet you really want a cock up
you, dont you?

&nbsp;

Mmmm,
yes. Oh yes, Adam. Yes. Please do it to me, you know I want it,
please Adam. I breathed.

&nbsp;

What? After that ginger fuckers been up you, not
fucking likely! No, you can suck me off
though, and if youre really, really good, I might come on your tits. Get on with it then. He tipped me off his lap and I fell to the
floor with a startled yelp. He laughed again, the lay back in his seat, waiting
for me to pleasure him. I opened his
trousers and reached inside to find his stiffening cock. Bringing it out, I immediately began to suck
it urgently, wrapping my tongue around it, licking it. I stroked his balls, feeling them tighten,
then took hold of his shaft and began to wank it into my mouth, sucking all the
time.

&nbsp;

I looked up
at him only to see him looking down at me, a sly grin on his face. I felt a deep thrill of shame run through me,
and then he rolled his eyes and started to come. I leant forward and wrapped my breasts around
his pulsing shaft, feeling his hot seed spill onto my soft skin. Spurt after spurt of the sticky liquid shot
onto my breasts, running over them, between them. I looked at him to see he was grinning as he
sprayed his jism over me, a self-satisfied, mocking grin.

&nbsp;

Finally, he
subsided, sighed and slumped down in his seat. Thats better! Youre pretty good at that, you know? You should take it up professionally! He roared with laughter at his own joke, then
stood up, put his cock away and patted me on the head, See you at school
tomorrow, teacher!, he said, before walking away.

&nbsp;

As I listened
to his laughter recede as he made his way down stairs, I slowly began to
massage his semen into my skin. My
breasts were sticky and glistening with his come, and I slowly and methodically
smeared it across my skin before rubbing it in. I paid particular attention to
my nipples, which immediately became hard at my touch. I knelt in the middle of my kitchen,
massaging Adams semen into my breasts until it had all been absorbed. Then I carefully licked the residue from my
fingers, thrilled by my own shamelessness.

&nbsp;

I lay back on
the floor and spread my legs wide. I
slipped a hand down to my pussy to find it wet and incredibly sensitive. I gently inserted an finger into my hot
tunnel, feeling it slick with my juices and Garys semen, then gently ran a
finger up to my clit. I brought my
finger up to my face, smelling Garys jism on it, then slowly sucked it into my
mouth and licked it clean. I did this
again and again, a mixture of shame, disgust and pure lust coursing through
me. Every time I pushed a finger into my
pussy I came close to orgasm. I was on
the very brink now, my nerve endings singing for release. I imagined my class watching me. I spread my
pussy lips wide with the fingers of one hand, then with the middle finger of my
free hand I slowly drew a line from my sopping wet tunnel, up to my clit. As I reached my fantastically sensitive
button I started to come. I heard myself crying and wailing as my climax tore
through me. And then I curled up on the
floor and wept, still unable to believe how depraved I had become and
frightened at what would happen to me next.

&nbsp;

I made my way
to bed and tried to sleep, but I was haunted by images of myself as I allowed a
student to have his way with me, then begged another one to spank my bare
bottom before I sucked him off and sprayed his semen across my body. I was truly disgusted, despite the powerful
orgasms these things induced. I wanted
to run away. I was afraid that I had gone way too far, that there was no way I
would be able to resume a normal life with John.

&nbsp;

I cried
myself to sleep, hating everything I had become. But even in my dreams I was betrayed. I dreamt of being naked in front of a whole
class at school, but instead of being horrified, I was enjoying it. I gave every boy a chance to touch me, feel
me, invade my most secret places. I woke
panting for breath, hugely aroused and very confused. It took me a moment to realise that the phone
was ringing. I fell out of bed and
glanced at the alarm clock, six fifteen, before stumbling out of my room to
pick up the phone. I didnt bother to
put on a robe of any kind, and stood naked except for a pair of knickers as I
lifted the handset.

&nbsp;

Hello?

&nbsp;

Hello
darlin. Its a bit slow in the shop
this morning, why dont you slip over here for a quick one then? I recognised granddads voice immediately.

&nbsp;

What, right
now? 

&nbsp;

Sure! I could do with burying my cock in that nice
warm pussy of yours. Slip over here and
do the business, theres a good girl.
He hung up. I stood there for a
moment, stunned by his confidence in casually phoning so early in the morning
and ordering me to go to him, then felt my body respond. Jesus!
I was getting aroused at the thought of being at his beck and call. I made my way back to my bedroom, pulled on a
T-shirt, jeans and trainers and made my way to the front door. I was still half asleep as I started to walk
to his paper shop, but the half which was awake was fuelled by lust!

&nbsp;

I walked into
the shop and saw him standing behind the counter grinning at me
lecherously. I smiled back and went to
him at once, standing before him, waiting for instructions. He ran his hands over my breasts and grunted
in satisfaction,

&nbsp;

Good. Glad to see you didnt bother with a bra.

&nbsp;

No
granddad.

&nbsp;

Adam tells
me he gave your arse a good seeing to last night.

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad. I was rude to him, so he had
to punish me.

&nbsp;

Glad to see
you know your place.

&nbsp;

Yes,
granddad.

&nbsp;

Go into the
store room and get ready for me, Ill be in there in a minute.

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad. I made my way into the store
room at the back of the shop. Once there
I quickly undressed, standing naked waiting for him. The chill morning air made my nipples
stiff. I felt my pussy start to moisten
as I waited for him. I could hear him
talking to a customer. He seemed to be
taking his time, making me wait. I could
feel myself getting hotter and hotter.
Finally, he waved goodbye to the customer and made his way to the store
room. He closed the door behind him
firmly, then stood and looked at me.

&nbsp;

Adam tells
me youre a bit unhappy at being available for his mates?

&nbsp;

No, well,
er, I mean thats been sorted now, I mean Ive told Adam Ill be friendly from
now on, that he doesnt have to worry about that. I stammered.

&nbsp;

Im glad to
hear it. Youre not in any position to
refuse any male, of any age, got that?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad.

&nbsp;

So if he
tells you to spread em for someone, you spread em wide, got that?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad.

&nbsp;

Otherwise
Ill take the skin of that pretty little arse of yours, and you wouldnt want
that, would you?

&nbsp;

No
granddad.

&nbsp;

No
granddad. He mimicked. Now get over
that table, I fancy giving you one up the shitter this morning, ok?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad.

&nbsp;

I bent over
the table in the corner, feeling its cool surface against my nipples, making
them ache with desire. He shuffled over
to me then I felt him apply something cold and greasy to my tight hole. I wriggled in spite of myself.

&nbsp;

Keep
still! He barked and gave me two
stinging slaps to my bottom. I yelped
instinctively, but tried my best to keep still as he rubbed the unguent into my
bottom. Then I felt the blunt tip of his
cock as he placed it against my back door.
He grunted then began to push. I
pushed back, relaxing my muscles as best I could, feeling him entering my
bowels. He let out a long, satisfied
sigh as he pushed slowly into me, burying his cock in me up to the hilt. I felt his hands on my hips, his rough skin
chafing against mine as he spread my cheeks, pushing my hips down onto the
table. 

&nbsp;

Then he began
to develop a rhythm, slowly drawing his cock out of me, only to force it back
in. I gasped as he ploughed into me.

&nbsp;

Come on now,
you cant say youre not used to this.
All those darkies who fucked you on Saturday night? Must have been a
dozen of them up your arse alone! You
must be used to this by now, yes?

&nbsp;

Yes granddad.

&nbsp;

Yes, thats
a good girl. You like it up the arse,
dont you girlie?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad.

&nbsp;

Yes, of
course you do. And you like fucking
young boys, dont you?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad.

&nbsp;

Yes you
do! Dont matter how young they are,
youre happy to spread your legs for em, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

I felt shame
flood through me, Yes granddad.

&nbsp;

So if Adam
wants you to shag someone, youll be glad to do it, right? He reached round and grabbed both my breasts
whilst forcing his cock into my bowels with sudden vigour.

&nbsp;

Ahh, oh! Oh
yes, granddad. Oh I promise Ill be a
good girl, granddad, truly I will. Oh, ahhh, oh! 

&nbsp;

He had
grabbed hold of each nipple, pinching it painfully and ramming his cock deep
into me, and then I felt him come inside me.
He grunted, then my bowels were filled with warmth as he shot into
me. He collapsed on top of me, his foul
breath was all I could smell. I was
unable to get away from it. He lay on
top of me for what seemed ages. I could feel his cock slowly deflating. Finally it slipped out of me and he stood up,
still panting and wheezing. As I stood I
turned and saw Adam watching from the doorway to the shop, a mocking smile on
his face.

&nbsp;

Youre up
early this morning Alison. He
grinned. I made no response, but
granddad chuckled at the joke. I was
going to wait until break this morning, but as youre here now, I might as well
have some myself. He started to open
his trousers. Granddad grinned, Thats
it my boy, get in there and enjoy yourself!

&nbsp;

Adam grinned
back then dropped into an arm chair and lay back, his trousers open. Get on with it then, I like a good blow-job
first thing! Granddad laughed again
then made his way back to the shop. I
went over to Adam and dropped to my knees before him, then I slipped my hand
into his underwear and brought out his cock.
I sucked and licked him, feeling his cock stiffen in my mouth. He grunted as I ran my tongue over his young
glans. You do give good head, I have to
say. He laughed. Hows your arse this morning, still sore?

&nbsp;

I looked up
at him and took his cock out of my mouth to reply, Its a little tender, but
Ill get over it. He smiled.

&nbsp;

Did you
bring yourself off last night, after Id gone?
I nodded, still sucking him.

&nbsp;

Randy little
bitch! Ill bet youre going to have a
quick fiddle before school this morning, arent you? I nodded again.

&nbsp;

Your cunt
all hot and bothered, is it? He
sneered. I took his cock out of my mouth
and ran the head over my breasts, paying particular attention to my stiff
nipples.

&nbsp;

I need to
have some relief before I go to school, I cant go like this, after you and
granddad have had your fun with me, Id be too frustrated!

&nbsp;

He motioned
for me to continue sucking him. I took
him into my mouth once more, bobbing my head up and down as I sucked, licking
his glans, stoking his balls. After a
few minutes he tensed and began to shoot into my mouth. I swallowed all his come, then kept his cock
in my mouth as his orgasm subsided. I
felt him slowly soften in my mouth, then he sighed contentedly. I heard granddad chuckle behind me, Cant
beat an obliging young lady, can you?
Same time tomorrow, shall we say?

&nbsp;

Yes
granddad. I quickly pulled on my
knickers and T-shirt, then pulled on my jeans and made my way out of the
shop. As I passed granddad he reached
out and groped my bottom, squeezing each cheek and running his hands over them,
then he turned to Adam and said, Ive got an idea for some fun you could have
with Alison today, come with me. He motioned for Adam to join him. I dreaded to think what his idea was, but I
wasnt to be allowed to hear, granddad slapped my bottom and said, You can go
now, I dont need you any more. 

&nbsp;

Feeling
annoyed at being dismissed so casually I stomped out of the shop. As I reached the door I heard the two of them
laughing and Adam said, Nice one. Gramps! Once I reached the flat I was
greeted by Alan who was just coming lout of the bathroom. Where have you been
to then? He grinned. I told him about my wake-up call, and how
granddad had shot his load up my bottom, then how I had sucked Adam off.

&nbsp;

You have
been busy! He laughed, before making
his way back to his own flat, giving my bottom a playful slap as he went. I went to my room and undressed, then lay
back on the bed and began to stroke my nipples.
They were still stiff from granddads attentions, and deliciously
sensitive. In moments I was sighing and
moaning as my body responded to my gently stroking. Then I began to stroke my pussy lips, feeling
them beginning to moisten and swell as I became more and more aroused. I slipped two fingers into my warm, wet pussy
then with my other hand began to tickle my clit. I could still taste Adams semen in my mouth,
still smell the old mans body odour. As
I lay there teasing and stroking my sensitive pussy I imagined them watching
me, jeering and calling out insults, degrading me, humiliating me, shaming
me. I imagined Adam calling out Stick
your thumb up your arse. And of course, I did, my tight hole still slick from
granddads come. I climaxed at once, my
body shook and I heard myself whimpering as the sensations intensified. 

&nbsp;

I lay on my
bed recovering for several minutes, then made my way to the shower. Afterwards I shaved my pussy and went back to
my room to dress. I remembered Adams
insistence that I wear some more lively underwear, and selected a pair of
black satin panties and black, lacy suspender belt. I pulled them on, wondering how long Id be
allowed to keep them on, or even if Id be allowed to keep them at all, then
slowly rolled on my stockings, fastening them carefully in place.

&nbsp;

I put on a
dark blue silk blouse, which felt wonderful against my bra-less breasts, a dark
grey skirt and jacket and a pair of black shoes. Then I put on my usual make-up and tied my hair
up in a bun. As usual I had to lift my
skirt for Alans approval, and when he saw my panties he was furious.

&nbsp;

Who gave you
permission to wear those? He
demanded. I told him of Adams
instructions. You dont take orders
from that little shit, you take them from me, got that?&quot;

&nbsp;

Yes, Alan.

&nbsp;

Bend over.

&nbsp;

No, Alan,
please, Im sorry, dont spank me, please Alan, no.

&nbsp;

Bend over.

&nbsp;

I resigned
myself to defeat and turned and bent over a chair. He lifted my skirt, tucking it into my
waistband, then slipped my satin panties down to my knees. Then he delivered twelve crisp smacks to my
naked bottom, making me count each one.
My bottom stung with each blow, but I could also feel my pussy becoming
wet. He knew what he was doing to me, of
course, and as I stood up at the end of my punishment he smiled knowingly at
me.

&nbsp;

Can I pull
them up now, please Alan?

&nbsp;

Yes, you can
make yourself respectable, but I may have some more for you tonight.

&nbsp;

Yes
Alan. I said, trying to look contrite,
but feeling the thrill of excitement I always felt at the prospect of Alan
spanking my bottom.

&nbsp;

It was Alans
turn to drive, so I sat in the passenger seat, wriggling uncomfortably, partly
as a result of the spankings Id received from Alan and Adam, but mostly
because the slightest vibration from the car made my pussy tingle! Within moments Alan had guessed the truth.

&nbsp;

Is your
pussy hot and wet, now then?

&nbsp;

Mmm, yes!

&nbsp;

Then why
dont you lift your skirt up and have a play with it?

&nbsp;

I looked
around nervously then slid down in my seat and began to lift my skirt. I slipped my hand into my satin panties and
began to stroke my clit, sighing with pleasure.

&nbsp;

Tell me what
you want me to do to you tonight. He
said.

&nbsp;

I shuddered
with pleasure. Oh God! Oh I want you to
make me undress in front of you, strip until Im totally naked. Then make me
dance for you, make me show off my body, entertain you. Then put me over your knee and smack my bare
bum, make me squeal, Alan.

&nbsp;

And what
about your nice little pussy, should I check to see how wet its getting?

&nbsp;

I let out a
low moan, Oh yesssss! Oh God, yes,
Alan. Feel how wet Ive become, then
smack me some more for being such a rude girl. Ohhhhhh!

&nbsp;

I clamped my
legs together as I came, my fingers buried in my panties. I closed my eyes and gave myself over to my
second orgasm of the day, and I hadnt even made it to work yet! Alan sniggered as I slowly recovered.

&nbsp;

Youre on
fire this morning, arent you? Good job,
really, because those boys will need some attention today I bet.

&nbsp;

Why do you
say that, what do you know that I dont Alan?

&nbsp;

I know what
Adam has lined up for you, thats what.
Your loving granddad called me while you were in the shower, oh youre
going to have fun today my little tight arse!

&nbsp;

Tell
me. I demanded.

&nbsp;

No, wait and
see. He grinned at me knowingly, then
turned into the school car park. Once
hed parked the car he marched off into the building with a cursory, See you
later, enjoy the day!

&nbsp;

I walked
reluctantly into school, my heart beating rapidly. I knew that if granddad had been devising
methods for my humiliation, then I really was going to have quite a day of
it. I shuddered at the prospect and
hurried to my classroom, closing the door behind me.

&nbsp;

I was
expecting a visit from Adam or Brian or both, but to my surprise neither of
them came near me. Instead as the bell
rang for start of classes a group of surly fifth years filed in. They were an unpleasant bunch, but Adam was
by far the most unpleasant. Today he
slouched in a good ten minutes after everyone else and sloped off to his usual
place at the back of the class. I
couldnt just ignore such poor manners, not in front of all the others.

&nbsp;

Where have
you been until now, Adam? I demanded.

&nbsp;

Busy. I had to go and see Mr. Bridges, the
caretaker. Needed to sort a few things
out.

&nbsp;

Well thats
no excuse for being late in my lesson.
I snapped. He just grinned at me,
a grin which said youll be sorry for that, bitch!

&nbsp;

I tried to
get on with the lesson, but there was a strange atmosphere in the group that
day. I couldnt tell if it was due to me
or them, either way, they kept on asking seemingly irrelevant questions, trying
to distract me. I felt I was swimming
against the tide. By the time the bell
rang to signal the end of the lesson I was flustered and terse. They all filed out past me, some openly
sneering at me. Adam of course brought
up the rear.

&nbsp;

What the
hell was going on with you lot this morning?
I barked at him. He grinned again
and shrugged.

&nbsp;

Dunno. Maybe its just you?

&nbsp;

Rubbish! You were all up to something I could tell,
the way you and the others kept interrupting, all the questions, the way you.

&nbsp;

Oh shut up
will you for fucks sake. Jesus, you
never stop do you? On and on all the fucking time. Like I care!
Im not interested in your boring fucking classes, right? All I want is
for you to show me your cunt. Did you do
as I told you, put some interesting drawers on?

&nbsp;

I was
completely dumfounded by his interruption and outburst. I flustered, desperately. Adam, please, I
need to get ready for the next lesson, youll have to wait

&nbsp;

Lets have a
look then! He demanded.

&nbsp;

Adam,
no! I cant, there isnt time right
now

&nbsp;

Lift that
fucking skirt and do as youre fucking told.
He yelled.

&nbsp;

Ok, ok! Please keep your voice down. Defeated again I began to lift my skirt. When my stocking tops came into view her
grinned lecherously,

&nbsp;

Stockings
and suzzies! Fucking brill! Carry on then.

&nbsp;

I lifted my
skirt higher, until my satin panties were exposed for his hungry eyes.

&nbsp;

He whistled
softly to himself, Not bad, not fucking bad Alison. Show me the back then.

&nbsp;

I turned and
lifted the back of my skirt. He stepped closer and ran his hand over my bottom,
cupping each cheek, sliding his hands over the smooth fabric, then slipping his
fingers between my thighs, running his thumb along my slit. The feel of the delicate fabric against my
sensitive lips was delicious. I arched my
back, pushing my bottom out towards him.
He sniggered, then pushed the fabric between my folds, running his
fingers up and down my slit until he made contact with my clit.

&nbsp;

I shuddered
as the delicious sensations spread to my hard little bud, then groaned out loud
as he began to circle it gently with his finger. I felt my nipples stiffen as my body betrayed
me, responding against my will to the attentions of this arrogant boy. I could feel the fabric of my panties
becoming damp. He pushed them aside with
his thumb and ran it along my slit. I gasped at the feeling of his rough skin
against my most sensitive parts, and then he pushed his thumb slowly and
deliberately into my hot tunnel.

&nbsp;

I fell
forward, dropping both hands onto the desk in front of me, pushing my bottom
out further towards him, moaning and gasping as he penetrated me. I began to rock my hips back and forth on his
digit causing his finger to rub against my clit again. I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the
waves of pleasure this fifteen-year-old was inducing in me. I heard myself gasping and moaning.

&nbsp;

Ahhh, ohh,
ohh yes, oh Adam, oh thats wonderful, oh yessss, mmmm, ohhh, oh God Adam, oh
thats so good.

&nbsp;

Tell me its
fucking good.

&nbsp;

Ohh yess oh
it is Adam, its really, really fucking good.
Oh play with it some more, oh do it Adam oh thats so fucking good, mmm,
ahhh, ohhh!

&nbsp;

I heard him
laugh again. If you like that, try
this! He chuckled. He reached round, thrust his hand down the
front of my panties and began to rub my clit furiously. At the same time he
pulled out his thumb and replaced it with two fingers, which he proceeded to
pump vigorously into my hot, sopping tunnel.
For a moment I was unable to move, my body still reacting to the sudden,
almost brutal assault on my pussy and clit, and then I found my voice.

&nbsp;

I cried out,
gasping and moaning in delirium as waves of pleasure crashed through me. For a moment I thought I was going to pass
out, as his fingers became a blur. He
was moving too fast for me to be able to move my hips in rhythm, instead I
simply stood there, my knees beginning to buckle as he drove me relentlessly
towards climax. As I started to come he
whispered in my ear, Theres a good
girl, you like having your cunt fingered until its sticky, dont you. Now youre going to come, right here in your
classroom, with my hands in your knickers, stuffed up your cunt and playing
with your little love-button. Go on,
come for me now, do it you dirty, randy little bitch.

&nbsp;

I wailed in
pleasure and then my knees gave way as the orgasm tore through me. His hands slipped from my panties as I fell
to my knees, gasping and moaning, my breath coming in deep, ragged
breaths. I stayed there, on my hands and
knees in the middle of the classroom as I fought to regain control of my
breathing. Eventually I climbed
unsteadily to my feet. As I did so the
bell for the next lesson rang and I hurriedly smoothed my skirt into place.

&nbsp;

Lift it
again. He sneered.

&nbsp;

What? Adam,
I cant, please, theyll be in here
any moment.

&nbsp;

Do it! He
hissed.

&nbsp;

I lifted my
skirt again, my heart thumping sickeningly.
He reached out and took hold of my delicate satin panties and pulled
them up, tight into my crotch. Then he
rubbed the material into my pussy and between my bottom cheeks.

&nbsp;

Right, keep
em like that until I come to get you at lunch time, right? I nodded.

&nbsp;

Well put
them away then, unless you want to give the third years a show!

&nbsp;

I smoothed my
skirt back into place once more and tried to steady my nerves. Have a good lesson, Alison. He laughed and reached out and fondled my
right breast as he did so, then he calmly walked out of the room, just as my
next class were beginning to file in.

&nbsp;

The next
lesson was a nightmare for me. I was
acutely aware of the fabric of my panties pushed into my pussy and between my
bottom cheeks. I was still shaky from
the powerful orgasm Id had and there was the prospect of what was to come at
lunch time.

&nbsp;

I knew that
if granddad was involved in any way, the forty-five minute break could seem
much longer. I tried to give some sort
of meaningful lesson, but my third-year class werent bothered, and I was far
too bothered! As the minutes ticked away
I became more and more tense. Finally the bell went and the class slowly
left. I sank down in a chair, feeling
very weak and apprehensive.

&nbsp;

I was alone
for no more than three or four minutes, then Adam came into the room exuding
confidence.

&nbsp;

Come on
then. He said simply.

&nbsp;

No, Adam,
wait a minute. Tell me what youve got
in mind. Adam I want to know, tell me
now. He grinned at me and motioned for
me to follow.

&nbsp;

Adam, Im
not going anywhere until you tell me what the hell is going on here!

&nbsp;

Come with me
and Ill show you. Youll like it, I
guarantee!

&nbsp;

My heart
still hammering against my ribs, I reluctantly followed him out of the
room. He took me to a part of the
school Id never been to before. I was a
cellar of some kind, poorly lit and not very clean. As we entered he turned and beamed at me.

&nbsp;

What is this
place? I asked.

&nbsp;

Something to
do with the heating system, I think. Not
that its used at this time of year, only in winter. Take your things off.

&nbsp;

Its filthy
in here. Why does it have to be here?

&nbsp;

Because I
say so, now get your things off, oh, but leave the stockings and suzzies on!

&nbsp;

Little
pervert! I muttered. I kicked off my shoes, then let my skirt fall
to the floor. Adam grinned as he saw Id left my panties pushed into my
folds. Good girl, youre
learning! I opened the buttons of my
blouse, then opened it and took it off.
Finally I slipped my panties down.
As I stepped out of them he held his hand out to me, Ill take
those. He grinned. Then I stood there as he inspected me.

&nbsp;

Right then,
bend over this desk here and do as youre told. He ordered.
I bent over an old wooden school desk and waited for instructions. He quickly tied my ankles to the legs of the
desk, using some sort of rope. I started to stand up, protesting, but he pushed
me down with surprising strength. Do as youre fucking told! He growled in my ear. I stayed draped across the desk, wondering
what he had in mind.

&nbsp;

Next he tied
my wrists to the front legs of the desk, effectively fixing me to the desk, my
bottom exposed for his amusement. I
thought I knew what was coming. Instead
he tied another length of rope to each of my legs just above the knee, then
tied these to the legs also, pinning my thighs open. 

&nbsp;

Now, were
going to play a little game. Its called
guess the fucker! Im going to blindfold
you in a moment, then leave and you have to guess who the guys are who come in
and fuck you in the next twenty minutes, ok?
He giggled.

&nbsp;

What? Adam stop this, stop it at once. Let me go you twisted little bastard, untie
me right away, or Ill.

&nbsp;

Youll
what? Go on, tell me what youll
do. Tell the head master? Hes away.
Tell Alan? He already knows, and
he thought it was a great idea. Tell the
police? He chuckled, No, weve already
considered that, havent we? No, you
dont want the boys in blue involved, do you Alison?

&nbsp;

I felt tears
well into my eyes, Adam, please dont do this to me, please. I cant take this, oh please Adam, please
stop this now. Please, I beg you.

&nbsp;

Granddad
said youd be against the idea at first.
Then he told me to tell you that you should think how it would be if you
couldnt see who was having you. Youd
be open for anyone to have you, and you wouldnt even know who they were, but
theyd all know it was you. Granddad
said youd like that idea. As he spoke
he gently stroked my bottom, slowly getting ever nearer to my pussy. He stroked my inner thighs, tickling,
teasing. In spite of myself I began to
respond. 

&nbsp;

No, Adam, I
dont want to do this, its too much, please stop, ohhh, ahhh! His fingers had reached my pussy and were
stroking ever so gently along my slit.
He drew a line up from the top of my slit, all the way along and then up
between my bottom cheeks until he found my tight hole. I couldnt help myself, I gasped and groaned,
wriggling my hips as his fingertip started to slowly circle my back door.

&nbsp;

See? Youre really hot now, arent you? Youre really gagging for it, arent
you? Go on, tell me how much you want
it, Alison. Tel me now.

&nbsp;

Mmm, yes,
youre right Adam, I do want it, but not here, not like this, please.

&nbsp;

Just imagine
it though. How it would feel if you had
to walk around this school not knowing which boys had fucked you. Imagine it Alison.

&nbsp;

I felt a
thrill of pure lust run through me. It
was the most shameful, humiliating, thing Id ever even contemplated. I would be exposed for any one to take, and I
wouldnt even know who they were. I
shuddered. I took a deep breath.

&nbsp;

You wont
hurt me, will you? No hitting, right?

&nbsp;

He laughed,
No hitting, youll be fine, I promise.
Are you ready?

&nbsp;

No, but
youd better get on with it. He laughed
again.

&nbsp;

Right,
heres the blindfold, see? It slips on nice and easy, and it wont come off, I
know, I tried it on one of the girls!
He placed the blindfold over my eyes.
I couldnt see a thing.

&nbsp;

And just so
you wont guess from voices, Ive got another little surprise for you. I felt
him fitting headphones over my ears.
You have a listen to some good old rock n roll, Alison. You should like that. Meanwhile, the boys will be busy back
here! He ran his fingers along my slit
once more, then he must have hit a switch or something, because my ears were
suddenly filled with the sound of loud music.
I was unable to hear anything that was happening in the room.

&nbsp;

I lay there
draped across the desk with my bottom in the air for what seemed like
ages. Then I jumped as I felt a hand
cup first one bottom cheek, then the other.
One of my suspenders was pulled tight, then allowed to snap back against
my skin. I yelped in startled alarm.
Then the hand was between my legs, stroking my lips, teasing them apart. The hands ran up my back, then round to cup
my breasts. They teased and tickled,
then pinched my nipples which made me yelp.
Then I was aware of something broad nudging against my pussy lips. It pushed against them and I felt my lips
open to admit it. 

&nbsp;

I gasped as
it began to push slowly into me, its breadth and length surprised me, and then
with a gasp of horror I realised that this was too big for a school boy, even
the sixth formers couldnt be this big, surely? It had to be one of the male
staff, but who?

&nbsp;

He quickly
buried his cock into me, then began to build his rhythm. He drove into me using slow, deep strokes,
reaching round to play with my breasts again.
Then he ran his hands over my bottom, pulling the cheeks apart and
running his finger over my tight hole. I
was in torment, wondering who was enjoying my body. The sheer embarrassment and humiliation was
hugely arousing. I began to push my hips
back against the intruding cock, frustrated by my restraints. He was increasing in pace, still driving
deeply into me. I knew he was about to
come. I felt the cock twitch, then he
was shooting his load into me. I lay there, unable to move, unable to see,
unable to hear anything but music, totally unaware of the identity of my lover.

&nbsp;

After a few
moments he withdrew. He patted me on the
bottom as he left, and then a different pair of hands were busy about me. These were smaller, smoother, less
experienced, more hurried. They went
immediately to my pussy, two fingers pushed into me and wriggled around. Then they were withdrawn and a short, slim
cock took their place. I didnt doubt
that this was a student, but again I had no idea who it was or how old he
was. 

&nbsp;

I felt my
excitement building. I felt completely
dirty, appalled by my own willingness to agree to this, shamed by my own
lust. As the cock in my pussy stabbed
into me urgently I started to climax. I
must have cried out and scared my lover because he stopped as my orgasm hit,
the cock was withdrawn and I felt splashes of hot liquid hit my back.

&nbsp;

As I started to
recover from my orgasm another cock slid into me. This was long enough to be adult, but could
just as easily belong to one of the older boys, possibly Adam or Brian. It wasted no time in pushing deep into me,
then built in speed until I felt it empty into me. I had lost track of time, had no idea how
long Id been in that position. I was left alone for what seemed like many
minutes, then suddenly the headphones were removed and my blindfold taken off. I looked round to see Adam smirking at
me. There was no one else in the room.

&nbsp;

Enjoying
yourself? He grinned.

&nbsp;

Is it over
now? I gasped.

&nbsp;

For
today. You can have another go
tomorrow! He jerked my restraints open
and I stood up, rubbing my skin where they had chaffed.

&nbsp;

Tomorrow? You expect me to do that again? No way. No chance.

&nbsp;

Shame
that. The three who had you enjoyed
themselves, and as for the guys watching, well

&nbsp;

The guys
watching? I echoed, Just how many of you were there in here? I demanded,
appalled at the prospect.

&nbsp;

Well, quite
a few of the boys wanted to watch you getting fucked. They seemed to like it.

&nbsp;

My head was
reeling from this new shame. So who,
er, I mean

&nbsp;

Who fucked
you? I flinched at the word, then nodded.

&nbsp;

Im not
going to tell you that! Itd spoil the game. I will tell you though that at least one of
them is in your class this afternoon, and quite a few of those watching have
had to put up with your boring fucking lessons too. Just imagine, when you go back to school this
afternoon, therell be three guys whove fucked you, and a whole bunch of them
who watched it happen. How does that
feel?

&nbsp;

My mind was a
whirl. How could I possibly go back into
class knowing that one of them had taken me, and any number of his class mates
had watched? I began to shake, this had
all gone way too far. I had to get
away. I began to panic, feeling the need
to run. I looked round for my clothes. Adam was holding my blouse and skirt,
grinning.

&nbsp;

Give them to
me. I demanded.

&nbsp;

Not until
you do something for me.

&nbsp;

I felt close
to despair. What do you want?

&nbsp;

He grinned
again, this time opening his trousers and pulling out his stiff cock. Simple, Alison, I want you to suck me off!

&nbsp;

I felt as if
I was in a dream, a very bad dream. As
if sleep walking I made my way over to him, still wearing just my stockings and
suspenders. I dropped to my knees in
front of him once again and took his cock into my mouth. Within moments he was spraying his come into
my mouth. I swallowed dutifully, then
sat back on my haunches. I covered my
face with my hands and started to cry.

&nbsp;

Oh Jesus,
how can I go out there after this? I
wept.

&nbsp;

Easy! You know you like it, dont you? You loved every second of it, thats why you
came so quickly. Part of what you like
is the shame of being seen like that.
Youll love it, granddad said so.

&nbsp;

Oh, so
granddad said so, did he? And that makes
it all right, does it? I snapped
angrily.

&nbsp;

Oh shut the
fuck up and get dressed. Youve got
classes to teach! He threw my clothes
at me, minus my nice satin panties of course, I knew Id never see them again.

&nbsp;

Still in a
state of mild shock I followed Adam back to the main school building. I made my way through the crowded lunchtime
corridors until I reached my own classroom.
At every step I saw people smiling at me, knowing smiles. Smiles which mocked and shamed me. I had no idea who had enjoyed my body that
lunchtime, perhaps I never would, but they would know theyd had me.

&nbsp;

I sat down in
a chair, feeling desperately ashamed of my actions. I considered my options. The most appealing one was to run away. Leave school that afternoon, leave town,
forget everything. I was trying to think
of another choice when the door opened and Alan came in.

&nbsp;

Well, have a
good time?

&nbsp;

I looked at
him completely stunned, Have you gone mad?

&nbsp;

You looked
as if you were enjoying it. He giggled

&nbsp;

You were
there? You saw it all?

&nbsp;

Oh yes. There was quite a few of us watching. You put on a good show, especially when you
came, and that boy shot his load all over your back. Nice that!

&nbsp;

Alan, I need
to know who the three of them were. I need to know Alan. Youve got to tell me.

&nbsp;

Not a
chance. Youll be on fire for days
wondering who they were. The shame of it
will make you hotter than ever. You
think Im going to let you off the hook that easy? No way!
In fact, I think you should do it again tomorrow, no restraints this
time, just the blind fold and the headphones.

&nbsp;

He reached
out and pulled me to him. His hands
stroked my breasts. I felt the nipples
stiffen at once under his practised touch. Then he stroked my bottom, kneading
the cheeks. All the time he murmured in my ear, You were fucking amazing
today, Alison, truly amazing. The
hottest, sexiest woman in the whole world.
When you came in that room every male in there stopped and gaped. They had never seen such a fantastic
performance. You dont want to give that
away do you, you dont want to miss out on the chance to be that good again, do you? Mmmm?

&nbsp;

He knew all
the right things to say, of course.
Within moments I was purring with pleasure as he described how a room
full of students had been stunned to see me being taken. He described how they had watched in fascination
as the first of them had taken me, how Id pushed my hips up to accommodate
him. He told me of some of the comments
made by my students, comments of the lewdest kind, remarks about my body, my
most intimate, private places, all exposed for the amusement of a room full of
boys. Exposed for them to see, examine,
comment upon. In almost no time I was
shaking with shame, excitement and lust.

&nbsp;

Oh Jesus
Christ Alan, I cant take any more of this, Ive got to have some relief! I pulled away from him and ran to the stock
room in the corner of the class.
Slamming the door behind me, I hurriedly pulled up my skirt and found my
aching clit. I began to stroke it
urgently, my whole body on fire. The
door opened and Alan stood there watching as I stroked my hard little bud
furiously. I felt my eyes widen as my
climax approached, my body frozen as I frantically stroked my clit, and then it
broke over me and I fell back in a haze of ecstasy, my entire body enveloped by
the waves of pleasure.

&nbsp;

There! And you said you didnt enjoy it! How do you feel about it now, then? 

&nbsp;

What the
hell have you done to me? I gasped, I
used to be normal, not some sex-freak who gets off on being a plaything for
kids.

&nbsp;

He grinned,
I think it was in you all the time, it just needed coaxing out, thats
all! He walked away, laughing softly to
himself. I quickly smoothed my skirt
back into place and followed him back into the classroom.

&nbsp;

Alan listen,
Adam said at least one of the boys who had me is in my next class, plus a few
who were watching. Please Alan, I have
to know; is that true? Please tell me
the truth.

&nbsp;

He grinned at
me, Adam told you that, did he? That
was against the rules, he shouldnt have told you anything, but yes, it is
correct. Youre about to take a class
containing not only Adam and Brian, but one who had you at lunch time and quite
a few who watched you being fucked.
Exciting, isnt it? He walked
from the room, his laughter echoing in the corridor.

&nbsp;

I slumped in
a chair, my entire body shaking with a mixture of nervous energy and
shame. I didnt doubt that the ones
whod been there would have told all the others by now. Every boy in the class would know that I was
available. My hands were shaking, I felt
sick with nerves. I was about to walk
out of the class when the bell rang and the students immediately began to file
in. They must have been waiting outside
the room, eager to get in and start my shameful ordeal.

&nbsp;

I felt my
face flush as they all took their seats, the girls carefully disinterested, as
always, the boys eyeing me lecherously.
I looked around the room. Each
boy seemed to look back at me with scarcely suppressed lust and amusement. Who had been there, I wondered. Which of these boys had taken me just minutes
earlier? How many of them had been there
watching, enjoying my nakedness?

&nbsp;

I felt my heart
pounding. I stood up with extreme
difficulty and made my way shakily to the board. I tried to write, but my hands were shaking
so badly I kept dropping the chalk.
Finally I gave up.

&nbsp;

Open your
books at chapter seven and read quietly until the end of the lesson. I said in a quiet voice. There was a shuffling as they brought out
their books. Then each group in the
class pretended to read. The girls just
daydreamed, the boys sneaked looks at me over the tops of their books, no doubt
picturing me naked, tied to a desk and with a cock in me. After a few minutes I began to relax
slightly, some of my tension slipping away.
I began to enjoy being an object of lust. I remembered what Alan and Neil had said,
theyd remember me forever!

&nbsp;

I thought
about the comments that had been made by the audience, the way they had been so
casual in their remarks about my intimate places. Incredibly, I began to get turned on
again! I marvelled at how debauched I
had become in such a short space of time, another flush of shame ran through
me. The lesson went on and on, all the
time my excitement growing. I thought
about what might happen at break, would Adam have me, or Brian? Finally, the bell
rang and to my disappointment all of them filed out leaving me alone in the
classroom.

&nbsp;

I sat down
and thought about my situation. I had
just five school days left. Five days and then the game was over. I thought back over the last few days and
weeks and shook my head in wonder at the things Id done. I laughed in genuine amusement. Id always been regarded as the quiet
one. Safe and un-adventurous, not the
sort of girl to do anything impetuous.
All my school reports had made reference to my reluctance to take a
lead. If they could see me now! Talk about being out of character! I took stock of what could happen in the
remaining few days. It could hardly get
more extreme, I reasoned. I had done all
they could imagine, and I still enjoyed it!
I decided that I could carry on, at least for the next few days.

&nbsp;

On the drive
home Alan listened with interest as I told him how I would be more than willing
to finish the game as I put it.

&nbsp;

I knew you
were up for everything, Alison. I
promise youll love these last few days.
Were going to give you a great send-off this weekend! Its your last one before you move away, so
were going to make it great for you.

&nbsp;

Oh
yeah? What have you perverted bastards
got in store, then?

&nbsp;

Another
party. Oh, not like the one at
Leroys! Just a select band of friends
shall we say. Like the time we took you
to the pub. Well be at the flat, a few
drinks and you can tell us all about what youve done, how it felt,
everything. And, if theres anything you want to do before you go, youd better
let us know quickly, so I can arrange things, ok?

&nbsp;

I think Ive
exhausted my own imagination, thanks!
Just who are these friends?

&nbsp;

Me, Neil,
Paul, Andy, Richard, the usual gang.

&nbsp;

Keith and
Lin?

&nbsp;

He grinned,
Yes, I thought youd like Lin around, sure, Ill invite them back.

&nbsp;

I sat back in
my seat, a warm glow of contentment spreading over me. My last weekend of debauchery, and then back
to normal! I couldnt deny the fact
that Id enjoyed so much wonderful sex in the past weeks, but I had started to
look forward to the end of the game. I was starting to feel like there were no
surprises any more, like I would do absolutely anything demanded of me. Whilst the sex was great, and the orgasms
tremendous, I was starting to feel very shallow. Life with John would be more fulfilling. Until then, though, I had decided to go for
every last thrill. 














Chapter 19

 
  HOME
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-11-18T00:28:00Z
  2006-11-18T00:28:00Z
  1
  14881
  84826
  John
  706
  199
  99508
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 19.

&nbsp;

We reached home and Alan immediately
wanted me to strip and dance for him, making me display myself lewdly as he
watched and stroked his stiff cock. Then
I wrapped my breasts around his shaft and massaged it until he was groaning
with pleasure. After a few minutes I was
allowed to take him into my mouth and suck him vigorously, until I felt him
start to climax. I waited until his
first spurts hit the back of my throat, then took a firm grip of his shaft and
directed his hot jets of come onto my face and breasts. He looked down at me and grinned a
self-satisfied grin, then sighed happily as his orgasm subsided.

&nbsp;

I ran my thumb
along the underside of his softening cock, squeezing the last drop of come from
him, then let it drop slowly onto my waiting tongue. I swallowed it down as I rubbed his come into
my face and breasts as he watched, still grinning.

&nbsp;

Johns a lucky
guy. He smiled, Hes going to get this
all his life, isnt he?

&nbsp;

I smiled at him
and continued to massage his jism into my skin.
Well, Ill probably give him the odd blow-job, if hes a good boy, but
I doubt Ill let him spray his come over my face and body like I do for you!

&nbsp;

He
laughed. I should bloody well hope
not! That would be far too rude for a
middle class tight arse, wouldnt it?

&nbsp;

Oh God yes!,
too rude by far! 

&nbsp;

And then we
both fell about laughing. Alan left me
shortly afterwards and I went off for a shower.
As I stepped into the jet of water I felt his come wash from my body. I realised I was going to miss the feeling of
a stiff cock shooting over me.
Strangely, I couldnt imagine letting John do that to me, even though I
had let schoolboys have that fun. I
stepped from the shower and patted myself dry before walking, stark naked, to
my bedroom. There I pulled on a clean
pair of knickers, to replace my lovely satin ones Adam had relieved me of, a
T-shirt and a pair of denim shorts made out of an old pair of jeans. Then I began to mark some books.

&nbsp;

After a few
minutes my mind began to wander. I
imagined how Id looked that lunch time, my bottom beautifully framed by my
suspenders as a host of my students examined my most intimate places, then
watched as I was taken not once, but three times. I felt the familiar heat in my pussy, and in
moments I was squirming around as my arousal built.

&nbsp;

I finished
marking one book with a sigh, and decided that I needed some relief before I
continued. As I stood up from my desk
the doorbell rang. I made my way
downstairs and opened the door. Adam was
standing there, a lecherous smirk on his face.
Behind him I could see two of my audience from the party, Andrew and
Colin.

&nbsp;

The boys
fancied having another play with you, especially after your nice little show
this lunch time, didnt you boys?

&nbsp;

The two of them
smirked, and nodded. I felt my face
flush with shame at the same time as a thrill ran through my body. I stood back and opened the door further,
inviting them in without a word. Adam
strolled confidently past me and made his way upstairs to my flat. The other two followed nervously. I followed behind, already feeling my pussy
getting wet. 

&nbsp;

I followed the
boys into my living room, where they all slumped into chairs. I stood in front of them, waiting for my
instructions, but Adam was intent on having more fun.

&nbsp;

Yes, you put
on a fine show at lunch time, didnt she boys?

&nbsp;

The others
grinned and nodded, a chorus of Yeah, not half, brill, nice one! erupted, their faces now pink with excitement
and anticipation.

&nbsp;

And she still
doesnt know who it was that fucked her, do you Alison?

&nbsp;

No Adam.

&nbsp;

Could have
been anyone, couldnt it? Anyone from
the caretaker to a first year. No
fucking idea, have you?

&nbsp;

I was appalled,
surely he wouldnt have let an eleven
year old have me?

&nbsp;

No, but, er, I
mean, you wouldnt, er I mean you didnt let a first year, er I mean

&nbsp;

Did I let a
first year stick his dick up you? No,
not today Alison. Theres none of them
can pay the asking price.

&nbsp;

Asking
price? You mean you made money selling
me to

&nbsp;

Fucking right
I sold it. You wouldnt expect me to
just give that nice, tight arse away, would you? He laughed loudly. The others laughed too. I felt sick.
He was letting boys pay him to use me.


&nbsp;

No, I couldnt
let such a fine cunt as yours go for nothing.
So I sold it to the highest bidder, made a tidy sum too. And you enjoyed every minute of it, didnt
you boys?

&nbsp;

The others
agreed eagerly.

&nbsp;

Yes, well
worth the entrance fee, wasnt it?

&nbsp;

Oh yes
Adam! Too fucking right, Adam! Yeah,
brill!

&nbsp;

My head was
spinning. He was selling me to any
interested male and selling tickets to those who wanted to watch.

&nbsp;

And youll do
the same again tomorrow, isnt that right Alison?

&nbsp;

I dropped my
head in shame. I couldnt back out now.
Yes Adam. I muttered.

&nbsp;

Good
girl. Now, my friends here had such a
good time with you at Leroys party that they asked for another go. So why dont you give them what they paid
for, mmm?

&nbsp;

I began to
remove my T-shirt, but Adam stopped me. Put a bit of spice into it then. Give
them their moneys worth!

&nbsp;

Shocked by his
words, but now highly aroused I walked seductively to the stereo, selected the
right song and began to dance for the three of them. As the music filled the room I lifted my
T-shirt, exposing my breasts to the three students. I slowly pulled the garment over my head and
let it fall to the floor, then began to cup and stroke my breasts, teasing my
nipples, making them stiffen.

&nbsp;

After a few
minutes Adam ordered me to fetch them all a beer, and so as they sat around in
my living room I ran topless to the kitchen, opened three cans of beer and
carried them in. I offered a can to each
of the fifteen-year-olds in turn, then carried on dancing.

&nbsp;

Soon they were
cheering and whistling, calling out obscenities and laughing at their crude
jokes. I slowly opened my shorts, then
drew the zip down slowly, exposing the top of my white knickers. I turned my back to them and gyrated my hips,
thrusting my bottom at them to more laughs.
I slowly eased my shorts down over my hips, then let them fall to the
floor and stepped out of them. Still with my back to the boys I slowly bent at
the waist, opening my legs slightly to give them a perfect view of my
cotton-clad mound. There were grunts of
approval as I slowly bent, pushing my crotch towards them.

&nbsp;

I turned to
face them again and began to dance once more, grinding my hips. I approached Andrew and took hold of his
hand. I slowly sucked his middle finger
into my mouth and ran my tongue over it, then I slipped it between my legs and
began to rock my hips back and forth against his finger, feeling my pussy lips
running along its length. I shuddered
as the feelings within me began to build.

&nbsp;

I let his hand
drop and moved towards Colin. As I did
so, Andrew reached out and grabbed my bum.
I stood there for several moments as his hands kneaded my bottom cheeks,
then looked over my shoulder at him, grinned, then winked. He giggled and fell back in his chair. I moved to stand in front of Colin, his young
eyes looked up at me. I remembered how
shy hed looked as Id handed him my knickers at the party. Now he looked flushed and eager.

&nbsp;

Would you like
to take my knickers off, Colin? I said,
gently. He coughed nervously, then
nodded.

&nbsp;

Go ahead
then. I smiled.

&nbsp;

He reached out
with both hands and fumbled with the waistband of my knickers. I gyrated my hips again and they began to
slip down over my hips. I felt his grip
on the cotton fabric tighten as I moved my hips seductively, making them edge
ever lower. Then I put my hands over his
and pushed down, exposing my shaven mound to his hungry eyes. 

&nbsp;

He gazed at my
pussy longingly. I took his hand and
pushed it gently between my legs, feeling his fingers touching my lips. I selected his middle finger and ran it along
my slit. I knew I was wet and felt a
jolt of pleasure run through me as his fingertip stoked along my lips. Then I slowly pushed his finger between my
lips and began to rock my hips once more.
I pushed my pelvis forward and his finger slipped effortlessly into my
hot tunnel. I sighed with pleasure and
Colin gasped.

&nbsp;

I writhed
around on his finger for some time, then dropped to my knees between his
thighs. I slowly opened his jeans and
pulled them down, exposing the tent in his underwear. I gently reached in and brought out his stiff,
throbbing cock, then slowly lowered my head until I was able to kiss its
tip. I felt him shudder and heard him
gasp, Oh fucking hell.

&nbsp;

In one, swift
movement I took him into my mouth, licking and sucking at his exposed glans and
pumping his shaft rapidly. I ran my
finger nail across his sack, feeling it tighten still further. I bobbed my head as I sucked and licked at
his cock, feeling waves of pleasure shoot through him. In moments he came, shooting copious amounts
of sticky come into my mouth before collapsing back in his chair, gasping for
breath. 

&nbsp;

I looked up at
Andrew and said, Would you like one like that?

&nbsp;

He grinned and
said, Yeah, but I want to fuck you first!

&nbsp;

He stood up
immediately, opening his trousers urgently, exposing his erect cock, then he
positioned himself behind me. I dropped down on my elbows, thrusting my bottom
high in the air, opening my legs, exposing my wet pussy for him. He gasped, then positioned the head of his
cock at my entrance and drove in up to the hilt. Then he paused, his cock deep inside me,
relishing the sensations. I heard him
groan and then he reached round and began to grope for my breasts. I moved to allow him access and he began to
pump into me whilst squeezing and kneading my soft flesh. In second he began to come inside me and
tightened his grip on my tender breasts.
I gasped and then he collapsed onto my back, gasping and moaning. I felt this cock slip from my pussy, then
heard Adam laugh.

&nbsp;

Fuck! That
didnt take long, did it? The pair of
you lasted about a minute in total. Call
that a fuck? 

&nbsp;

The two of them
grinned sheepishly. Then Adam said,
Come over here Alison and suck me til Im hard. Then Ill show you two the way to fuck a
tight arse like this.

&nbsp;

I immediately
went to where Adam sat and in moments I was sucking on his stiffening
shaft. He looked down at me as I
pleasured him and grinned.

&nbsp;

Shes a hot
little bitch this one, you know. Once
shes sucked me hard shes going to stuff my cock up her arse and fuck me til
I come up her, arent you Alison?

&nbsp;

I felt shame
flush through me, then nodded, his cock still in my mouth.

&nbsp;

She loves it
up the arse, dont you Alison? But
thats not all, is it Alison? You like
to have your pretty arse spanked, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

I gasped, still
stroking and sucking his shaft.

&nbsp;

I said you
like to have your arse spanked, isnt that right?

&nbsp;

I nodded. I
heard Andrew giggle and Colin say, Cool.

&nbsp;

OK Alison, go
and get the KY jelly and get to work.
Adam said casually.

&nbsp;

I went to my
bedroom and collected the tube of lubricant, then returned to my living room
just in time to hear Andrew say, Will she really let you fuck her arse?

&nbsp;

Even better
than that, mate, shell fuck me herself.
Here she comes, watch. OK Alison,
get on with it.

&nbsp;

As the three of
them watched I smeared a little of the gel onto my finger, then applied it to
my back door. Then I applied some more
to Adams shaft. I took a deep breath,
then straddled Adam, facing Adam and Colin and lowered myself onto his lap. I
took hold of his cock and steered it to my tight little hole, then began to
sink down on it.

&nbsp;

I felt him
penetrate me and gasped as the sensations within me built. There was a tense silence in the room as the
other two watched me impale my bottom on Adams cock. Inch by inch I felt him penetrate into my
bowels, then felt his sparse pubic hair against my skin. I began to rock back and forth, feeling his
stiff shaft inside me.

&nbsp;

Play with your
tits. He ordered. I immediately began
to cup and stroke my breasts, teasing the nipples.

&nbsp;

Tell the boys
how you like it up your arse.

&nbsp;

I like to feel
a big, hard cock going deep into my bottom. I gasped as they watched and
sneered, Andrew already stroking his cock.
I love to feel it sinking into me, I love how dirty I feel when I have
a cock in my bottom.

&nbsp;

Tell them how
you like to have your arse spanked as well, go on, tell them.

&nbsp;

I felt
thoroughly depraved as I sank down onto my fifteen-year-old students cock,
burying him deep in my bowels as two more of my students watched.

&nbsp;

Oh I love it
when my knickers are pulled down and my bare arse is spanked til its red and
hot. I love it when Im treated like a
naughty girl and punished.

&nbsp;

Tell them how
it makes you feel.

&nbsp;

Oh I feel so
hot. I get so randy and so wet when my
bottom is spanked. Sometimes I get so
hot I just have to play with my pussy until I come. Youve watched me do that, havent you Adam? Youve spanked my bare arse and felt my pussy
get really wet, and then watched me as Ive brought myself off, havent you
Adam?

&nbsp;

Oh fuckin
yes! He groaned, then began to shoot
deep into me, holding my hips down on his cock until finally he sighed and let
me go. I glanced up to see Andrew shoot
his load all over my carpet, then fall back into his seat with a contented
sigh. I looked over at Colin, who was
watching me intently. I remembered how
he had said to me at the party, Ive always liked looking at your bum Miss. Suddenly, I knew what he wanted. I stood
slowly, feeling Adams cock slip from my bottom. I went and stood in front of Colin, the said
in a timid voice.

&nbsp;

Colin, Ive
been a very naughty girl, havent I?

&nbsp;

He looked at me
and his eyes widened as he realised what was coming next. Id say youve been a bit more than naughty,
wouldnt you? He chuckled with
surprising maturity.

&nbsp;

Yes, Colin. I
murmured. I think Ive been a very rude and very naughty girl, who deserves to
have her bottom spanked until its red and hot.
Dont you think so too, Colin.

&nbsp;

Yes I do,
Alison. He said, smiling.

&nbsp;

Would you
spank my bottom for me, Colin? I deserve
it ever so much Colin, and youd be teaching me a lesson Colin. Id try not to be so naughty ever again,
Colin, honestly I would, but I think I should be punished first, dont you?

&nbsp;

Youd best get
over my knee than, Alison, hadnt you?

&nbsp;

Yes
Colin. I whispered. Adam and Andrew grinned as I placed myself
across Colins lap.

&nbsp;

So how many do
you think you deserve, Alison?

&nbsp;

I dont know
Colin. I only know Ive been rude and
naughty. Youre going to have to decide
how many I need to teach me a lesson Colin. I whimpered.

&nbsp;

He stroked my
bottom gently, running his hands across my smooth skin, then suddenly brought
his hand down smartly, delivering a stinging slap. I squealed with shock and
surprise. And then he delivered another,
and then another and another, all sharp, stinging blows which made me gasp and
wriggle about on his knee. 

&nbsp;

I could hear
Adam and Andrew giggling as Colin continued to smack my bare bottom, making my
skin sting. I knew that as I wriggled
around on his lap I was exposing my pussy to Andrews gaze. After a minute or so I heard Andrew stand and
watched as he walked slowly round to stand facing me. Then he sat on the arm of the chair and
pushed his flaccid cock in my face. I
knew at once what he wanted and began to kiss and suck his cock.

&nbsp;

He quickly
began to stiffen and in moments I was sucking on a fully erect shaft as Colin
continued to spank my bottom. I looked up to see Adam grinning at me
slyly. Suddenly Colins hand stopped
delivering stinging blows and instead started top stroke my hot skin. I was gasping for breath as I continued to
suck Andrews cock.

&nbsp;

Well now
Alison, you said you liked having your arse smacked. Lets see how you enjoyed that then, shall
we? Colin murmured, a mocking tone to
his voice. Adam giggled again, Andrew
grunted with pleasure as I ran my tongue around his glans.

&nbsp;

Colin thrust
his hand between my legs and felt for my pussy lips. My pussy lips parted at
once, his finger sliding easily into my sopping pussy. I gasped in a mixture of
pleasure and shame as he pushed another finger into me. Then he began to stroke my clit, stroking it,
pulling it, teasing it. In moments I was
gasping and moaning, writhing around on his lap forcing my hips against his
fingers and sucking ever harder on the cock in my mouth.

&nbsp;

Well, well,
you are a hot little bitch, arent you?
Colin laughed. I felt my face
flush with shame as he continued to torment me as Adam watched and sneered and
Andrew enjoyed my mouth.

&nbsp;

What do you
think I should do with this then, Alison?
He asked as he took hold of my sensitive clit and pinched it gently
between thumb and forefinger. My mouth
was filled with Andrews cock and my mind with the sensations coursing through
my body, I was totally unable to reply.
I heard Colin snicker to himself, then he spoke to Adam. You know what Id like to see?

&nbsp;

No, what?

&nbsp;

Id like to
see her strip naked and have all the fifth year boys spank her bare arse. Then we could all fuck her senseless. I think that would be good, dont you?

&nbsp;

I could hardly
believe my ears as the two of them calmly discussed my total humiliation in
front of a host of teenage boys.

&nbsp;

Sounds good to
me. Adam laughed. What do you think, Andy?

&nbsp;

At that moment
Andrew groaned and began to shoot hot, salty jism into my mouth. To the delight of the others he pulled his
cock from my mouth and sprayed my face with come. As I gasped with surprise Colin began to rub
my clit between his thumb and finger. I
felt my climax build and heard myself cry out, Yes, oh my God yes!, before my
orgasm broke over me.

&nbsp;

Exhausted, I
slumped down, my face covered in Andrews come, my bottom still stinging and
raised high in the air. Colin continued
to stroke my bottom for a few moments, then calmly announced, I think its
time for you to please me again, Alison, dont you?

&nbsp;

I was staggered
by his complete confidence. He had
always seemed to me to be shy and a little nervous. But not then! As I slipped from his lap onto the floor and
then knelt between his open thighs he looked totally in control.

&nbsp;

What would you
like me to do? I stammered, feeling totally intimidated.

&nbsp;

Well, you seem
to like sucking cock, so why dont you start with that, hmm?

&nbsp;

I opened his
trousers again and took out his cock, gently stroking my fingers along its
shaft. I sucked and kissed it, licking
the head, kissing and licking his balls.
He sighed happily, even stroking my hair occasionally.

&nbsp;

Youve got a
nice pair of tits, there Alison. Why
dont you make more use of them? He sneered.
The others laughed too.

&nbsp;

I shifted
forwards and positioned his cock between my breasts, then wrapped them around
his shaft. I began to stroke his cock up
and down, rubbing the hot, stiff shaft against the soft skin of my
breasts. He looked down at me and
groaned. 

&nbsp;

Whod have
thought that the uptight English teacher would ever be doing this?, he
chuckled, Rubbing her bare tits against my cock after Ive smacked her bare
arse and played with her cunt til she came.
Fuck me, youve got no shame, have you?

&nbsp;

I was unable to
answer, waves of shame and humiliation crashing over me. In a swift movement Colin reached down and
grabbed hold of both of my nipples between thumb and forefinger, pulling them
harshly.

&nbsp;

Come on,
bitch, put a bit of effort into it!

&nbsp;

I cried out in
shock and alarm, making all three of them giggle, then began to rub my breasts
against his stiff cock ever faster. I
looked up at him to see him grinning at me lasciviously, and then he grunted and
started to come. Stream after stream of hot jism sprayed from his cock,
covering my breasts and my face. 

&nbsp;

As his spurts
subsided he fell back in his seat, a contented smile on his face. I sat back on
my heels and began to massage the semen on my face and breasts into my
skin. Adam and Andrew watched me, amused
grins on their young faces.

&nbsp;

After a few
minutes Adam said, Thats your lot for tonight, boys, if you want any more
youll have to come back tomorrow.
Andrew and Colin slowly stood and re-ordered their clothing, before
shuffling out of the room. As he left
Adam winked and said, Tomorrow lunch time, right?

&nbsp;

I nodded
dumbly, then fell into a chair. I immediately began to think about the
following day. I imagined myself once again, bent over an old desk, naked, as
an assortment of randy males examined me, explored me, used and enjoyed
me. Inevitably, I became aroused and
quickly found my hot little bud, stroking it gently as I imagined the scene I
would surely act out the following day.
I went to bed that night as anxious for day as any child on Christmas
Eve! 

&nbsp;

I slept
fitfully, waking at least twice and having to relieve myself before I could get
back to sleep. My dreams were filled
with images of line upon line of randy schoolboys, all nursing stiff cock,
which they cheerfully ploughed into me.
By the time my alarm clock woke me I was already highly aroused. I spent a few, brief minutes bringing myself
off yet again before I got up and prepared for the day. 

&nbsp;

I went to the kitchen and put the kettle
on, then noticed the note which had been left for me. I opened it and
read, 

&nbsp;

Hi Ali. Sorry
about this, but I forgot to mention it to you last night. With the Head out of
the way for a bit, Ive been asked to go to an education conference in London
for a couple of days. Ill be back
Friday, so keep your pussy warm until then! Oh, and one other thing, weve all
lined up a very special present for you on Friday. Im not telling what it is, but Im sure
youll enjoy it immensely  lets just say youll be giving rather than
receiving for a change! See you Friday 
be good! Alan.

&nbsp;

Fine! I thought, and what am I
supposed to do until Friday? Live like a
bloody nun, I suppose? Fat chance! Feeling more than a little peeved, I showered
and made ready for work. Alan had given
me no idea of what I was supposed to do in his absence. It was entirely down to me to decide if I
went through with the lunchtime session or not. I knew Alan would guess that I wouldnt
refuse, he knew my needs too well. 

&nbsp;

Taking
advantage of his absence I decided to wear a dark red silk blouse with a grey
skirt. Underneath I wore a lacy, red bra
and red satin panties, together with a red suspender belt. I put on black,
seamed stockings, some stilettos and slightly more make up than usual. On impulse I threw a few things into a
hold-all, examined myself in the mirror, then set off on the drive to
school. 

&nbsp;

On the way I
encountered some road works, and sat in the traffic queue impatiently. I noticed one of the workmen making his way
down the line of cars, clearly explaining what the delay was about. I decided, on an impulse, to have a little
fun. I wriggled in my seat until I was
able to raise my skirt up my thighs until my stocking-tops were visible, then I
opened a couple more buttons on my blouse.
Then I sat there and waited, my heart thumping and my pussy throbbing.

&nbsp;

It took
several, agonising minutes for him to reach me.
Finally he stopped speaking to the driver in front of me and turned to
me. I felt my heart quicken still further as he approached the car. I wound the window down and asked what was
wrong. 

&nbsp;

Like workmen
the world over, he leant into my car about to deliver some flirty
explanation. When he glanced down and
saw my stocking-tops he hesitated, then began his explanation as if reading
from a pre-prepared script, Yeah, sorry love, burst water main. Got to get it sorted today, see. No idea how long its going to take His gaze was fixed on my legs, on the inch or
so of white flesh he could see above the tops of my stockings.

&nbsp;

Oh, I see. I
said, a note of concern in my voice.
That sounds serious. Is there
any way around it?

&nbsp;

He chuckled to
himself, then managed to drag his gaze away from my legs to look at my face.
Wouldnt have thought so, love. This
road is pretty much closed for the duration, I would have to say.

&nbsp;

His voice
trailed off as he took in the view down my blouse to my red, lace bra. Oh dear.
I have to get to work somehow. Is
there any way you could suggest I could get past this? I asked, sounding
simple and innocent. He rubbed his
crotch discreetly.

&nbsp;

Well, you
could do a U-turn here, right?

&nbsp;

Yes, I said,
as his eyes peered down my blouse.

&nbsp;

Yeah. Then go right at the next junction and carry
straight on.

&nbsp;

I looked over
my shoulder at the direction hed indicated.
I knew my blouse was gaping. He
had a clear view of my breasts in my half-cup bra. What, back that way? I
asked simply, allowing my legs to open as I pointed back in the direction he
indicated. The cool air on my thighs
told me he could see my panties.

&nbsp;

Oh yes! He confirmed, a happy tone in his voice. Thats right darlin go back that way and
youll be fine, ok then?

&nbsp;

Oh you are a
love! I cooed, giving him a final glimpse down my blouse. Then I put the car in reverse and set off in
the direction he had suggested. As I
drove away I looked in my mirror to see him openly rubbing his crotch. I smiled at the thought of making his day,
then began to concentrate on the day ahead.

&nbsp;

As I drove along
the cool air rushing in at the window began to tease and caress my thighs. I began to enjoy being open and exposed and
wriggled in my seat to raise my skirt still higher as I drove along. In no time I had lifted my skirt until the
cool breeze was playing across the crotch of my panties. I shuddered as I felt my pussy respond to the
stimuli.

&nbsp;

I reached a
long, straight stretch of road and quickly reached down and stroked my hot
pussy through my panties. The sensations
of pure lust as I drove along stroking my pussy were sheer joy! Thankfully, the traffic was light that
morning as on more than one occasion my car drifted across into the path of
oncoming traffic.

&nbsp;

Before I could
reach any kind of satisfaction I reached a set of traffic lights, which were on
red. As I sat waiting for them to change
I slipped my finger into my panties and quickly found my hard, throbbing
clit. No sooner had I begun to stroke it
than the lights changed and I was forced to concentrate on my driving. By the time I reached school I was fully
aroused.

&nbsp;

As I made my
way into the building I had a vague idea about making my way to my own room and
relieving myself in the storeroom. After
just a few yards however I saw the solution to my dilemma. Adam was slouching casually in a door way,
his usual gaggle of friends around him. I walked deliberately towards him. As I approached he glanced up at me and
grinned.

&nbsp;

Adam, I need
to speak to you about something, will you come to my room please? I asked, not even noticing that I was
requesting his company rather than ordering it as all the other teachers would
have done. His friends snickered, but I
ignored them, such was my need.

&nbsp;

Yeah, ok
Alison. He answered arrogantly, causing the others to laugh again. I ignored the challenge and continued on
towards my room, eager to be away from prying eyes. I need to speak to you too, as it
happens. Gramps wants to know what
happened to you this morning. You were meant top come to the shop and service
us both, remember?

&nbsp;

I froze in
sheer horror. How could he be so
indiscreet? I grabbed his arm and dragged him roughly into my classroom. For
Christs sake Adam, cant you be more subtle about things? I snapped.

&nbsp;

Fuck being
subtle, me and gramps were expecting a fuck this morning and you didnt
show. What the fuck happened?

&nbsp;

Im sorry, I,
er, I forgot.

&nbsp;

You forgot?

&nbsp;

I nodded. 

&nbsp;

Well thats
just not fucking good enough Alison, is it?

&nbsp;

Im sorry
Adam, I just, er

&nbsp;

Never mind all
that shit! Me and gramps were left
waiting this morning without a shag.
Where the fuck were you?

&nbsp;

I really am
sorry Adam, I forgot I was meant to be with you. I felt my pulse racing. I was so turned on it was unreal. I wanted to humiliate myself again before
this obnoxious teenager, to shame myself once more. Please, Adam, Im sorry. Please forgive me, I didnt mean to
disappoint you. Can I make it up to you,
please Adam?

&nbsp;

He grinned at
me, that sly, nasty grin I had always hated.
Yeah, well, gramps will probably want to take it out of your arse when
he sees you next, but, well, I might be persuaded

&nbsp;

I fell to my
knees in front of him, began to open his trousers and reached inside to find
his cock, murmuring, Oh please Adam. Oh let me make it up to you. Oh I need it
Adam. I need it bad. I sucked eagerly
at his stiffening cock. Oh Christ!
Adam, oh please. Oh Im begging you
Adam. I wanked his cock into my mouth sucking urgently as I did so.

&nbsp;

What are you
begging for, Alison. Tell me what you
want.

&nbsp;

I shuddered
with shame and desire. I want you to
fuck me Adam. I want your lovely stiff cock in me. I want you to give it to me,
please Adam, please. Im begging you, please give me your lovely hard cock.

&nbsp;

He laughed at
me as I sucked at his hard cock. And
what will you do for me if I give it to you, Alison?

&nbsp;

Oh God,
anything! I breathed, giving away my desperation, Anything you say Adam, I
promise, I just need your cock in me. Please give it to me. I whined.

&nbsp;

OK, Ill fuck
you. He agreed, laughingly, But not until lunchtime. Ill be the first that comes in, or on, you.
Until then, youll have to wait. Do you think you can wait until then,
Alison? 

&nbsp;

I sucked at his
cock urgently. Please, Adam, Ill do
whatever you want me to do at lunch time.
Ill do anything to anyone you tell me, but I need some relief now, Adam
please, please!

&nbsp;

The bell
signalling the start of lessons sounded.
Adam pulled his cock from my mouth and looked down at me with a sly
grin. I looked up at him desperately,
but I knew I had to accept my frustration.
As I stood slowly, he pushed his adorably hard cock back into his
trousers and sauntered casually from my classroom. I quickly pulled myself together as my first
year class filed in; feeling thoroughly retched as the ache in my pussy
distracted me from my teaching.

&nbsp;

At morning
break I waited for Adam or Brian, or indeed any of them to come to me. By the time I realised that no one was coming
it was then end of break and classes were filing in again. I gritted my teeth
and did my best to perform my duties as a teacher, trying to ignore the
incessant throbbing in my pussy.

&nbsp;

The morning
classes seemed to go on forever, I was constantly distracted by the growing
heat in my pussy. On more than one
occasion I found myself sitting behind my desk, thighs clamped tightly
together, rocking my pelvis back and forth, lost in the pleasure of the moment
as my movements gently stroked my stiff clit.
I imagined Adams cock, imagined slowly taking out of his trousers and
stroking it, licking it, kissing it, sucking it, feeling it stiffen until it
was hard and throbbing. And then I
imagined lowering myself slowly onto it, seeing his smug grin as I sighed with
pleasure, feeling his hard length penetrate deep into me. I was almost mad with pure desire. Finally, the lunch time bell rang and my
class of students filed out.

&nbsp;

It was all I
could do to stop myself from thrusting a hand into my knickers and bringing
myself off right there. Instead, I
gritted my teeth and waited for Adam to come to me. A few minutes past before he casually
sauntered into my classroom. I heaved a
sigh of pleasure and relief, then felt my pulse start to race.

&nbsp;

You still
gagging for it then, Alison? He laughed.

&nbsp;

I stood and
walked towards him. Jesus Adam! This has been the longest morning of my
life. Oh Ive got to have some relief,
please Adam, please! I begged.

&nbsp;

He laughed
again. Lets check out that hot little cunt of yours then, shall we? Get your skirt up then.

&nbsp;

I hurriedly
dragged my skirt up to my waist. I knew
my pussy would be soaking wet. I didnt
care, I was consumed by my sexual need.
My fifteen-year-old student moved slowly towards me, then ran his
fingers up the inside of my thigh. I
shuddered as he moved ever closer to my honey pot, then he reached out with his
free hand, took hold of my nice, satin knickers and dragged them aside. I gasped as I felt the cool air play across
my pussy lips, then groaned in agonised pleasure as he ran his finger tip along
the entire length of my slit. I pushed
my pelvis forward, inviting his finger to penetrate me. Instead he pulled his finger back to the top
of my slit, then slowly took hold of my aching clit between his thumb and
forefinger.

&nbsp;

I almost
collapsed from the sheer intensity of the sensations coursing through me. I closed my eyes, concentrating entirely on
my deliciously sensitive clit. I heard
him chuckle again.

&nbsp;

Mmmm, we are
in the mood today, arent we? He began
to move my hips around by gently tugging on my clit, pulling me to the right
and then to the left. I heard myself
whimper with pleasure as he played with me, snickering to himself as he toyed
and teased me, prolonging my agony and pleasure. He pulled his hand forward and I thrust my
hips forward, desperate to keep his fingers on my clit. Then he slowly drew me up onto tip-toe. I reached out and grabbed his shoulders to
steady myself, eyes still closed. He began to gently rub my clit between his
thumb and finger, sending a new wave of sensations through me.

&nbsp;

You dirty
little bitch, you love having your cunt played with, dont you?

&nbsp;

I groaned and
gasped, Oh yes! Oh Adam I love it. Oh
Adam! I was moaning and whimpering like
a woman possessed, thrusting my hips at his teasing, tormenting fingers. Please Adam. I whined.

&nbsp;

You want a
nice hard cock in you then, Alison?

&nbsp;

I shuddered and
moaned, Oh yes! Oh Adam yes! Oh please give it to me, please Adam.

&nbsp;

Ill give you
a good hard fucking Alison, but first you have to earn it. Are you ready for
that?

&nbsp;

Anything. Anything, I promise, just tell me. 

&nbsp;

Youre going
to put on another little show, like yesterday, only this time therell be no
ties. Youll be blindfolded again and
you wont be able to hear whats going on, but I want them all to know that
youre there because you want it, understand?

&nbsp;

A thrill of
shame tore through me. I almost
came. Anything, Adam. Ill do anything you tell me to do.

&nbsp;

Good. Come with me. He suddenly pulled his hand away from my
pussy and walked towards the classroom door. Dazed and stunned I stumbled
almost blindly after him. He glanced
over his shoulder to make sure I was following, then laughed again.

&nbsp;

Its up to you
Alison, but you might want to put your cunt away before you walk through the
school. 

&nbsp;

I glanced down
and saw that my skirt was still bunched round my waist and my satin knickers
were still dragged to one side, exposing my shaven mound. With a cry of shame I quickly pulled my
knickers back into place and smoothed my skirt down, then with my heart pounding
and my legs feeling like jelly I followed him from the room.

&nbsp;

I followed Adam
as he walked purposefully through the school building. We finally arrived at the male changing room
in the sports wing of the school and I followed dutifully behind Adam as he
flung open the door and walked in.

&nbsp;

Ok, here we
are then. Get your kit off and bend over
that chair over there. Once youre ready
we can get started.

&nbsp;

But Adam, what
if someone comes in? These rooms arent
locked at lunch time.

&nbsp;

Dont worry
about that, therell be people posted to stop anyone who hasnt paid. Now get your kit off!

&nbsp;

I quickly
opened my blouse, took it off and dropped it onto a stool, then I slipped off
my skirt and made to take off my bra.

&nbsp;

No, leave that
and your knickers on for now. He
ordered. He threw me the blindfold and I
pulled it over my eyes as I took up position over the chair. Then Adam placed the headphones over my ears
and all sounds were blocked out by the music.

&nbsp;

My heart was
thumping and I felt my legs start to quiver as I waited in position. Then I felt a hand caress my bottom. It was a large, rough-skinned hand, too big
for a student. I shuddered at the realisation that it was a member of staff. I
was desperate to remove my blindfold, needed to know who it was who was so
casually running their hands across my body.
Instead I simply lay there across the chair and allowed him to
continue. The hand pushed down into my
knickers, rubbing at my sensitive skin.

&nbsp;

A second hand
joined in, stroking my bottom, cupping my cheeks. A thick finger pushed between my cheeks and
probed my back door, then slipped down and began to stroke my pussy lips. I thrust my bottom higher, opening my legs to
allow easy access to the intruding fingers.
Through the music I heard a shout of laughter, knew it was at my expense. I felt my face flood with colour as I
imagined the scene as a member of staff played with my body while I spread
myself for his amusement and that of the assembled audience. 

&nbsp;

Then the hand
quickly took hold of my suspender, stretching it tight then letting it snap
back against my skin. I squealed in
shock at the sudden stinging of my skin and heard another roar of laughter from
the assembled group. I felt the hand
fumble at the waistband of my knickers and held my breath. Then my knickers were yanked roughly
down. I drew my legs together to allow
them to fall and felt them gather round my ankles. I stepped out of them and opened my legs
again.

&nbsp;

The hand pushed
between my legs and began to rub at my pussy lips. Then a finger pressed against my slit and I
felt my lips part at once to allow it to enter my hot tunnel. The rough digit slipped effortlessly into me,
pushing in as far as it could, then it slowly withdrew. I felt fingers on either side of my slit,
then my lips were gently pulled apart. I
imagined how obscene I must look, my legs apart as this unknown man opened my
most secret place to the amused gaze of my students. Then a tongue was thrust
deep into my hot tunnel.

&nbsp;

I started to
come at once. I heard myself let out a
shriek of surprise and pleasure as the tongue writhed around inside me, and
then I was gasping and crying as a huge orgasm tore through me. The sexual tension which had been building in
me all morning was suddenly released and I pushed my hips back onto the tongue
which was driving me over the edge of climax.


&nbsp;

I collapsed
over the chair, gasping for breath as my body shook with pleasure. The tongue was removed and quickly replaced
with a thick cock, which drove into me up to the hilt. I felt the rough hands grab my hips and the
cock began to drive into me with deep, strong strokes. My hips were pushed and pulled around as he
took his pleasure, then he slid his hands up my body, roughly pulled my bra
down and began to grope my breasts, pinching the nipples. As he did so I caught the smell of his body
aroma, a strong smell of sweat, and something else I couldnt identify, a
sweet, cloying smell. He hung onto my
breasts as his cock drove into me repeatedly, and then he began to come deep in
my pussy. He emptied streams of his jism into me before collapsing onto my back. Again I was assailed by his strong body
odour, and then his cock slipped from me and he left me.

&nbsp;

My bottom was
slapped harshly, making me squeal again.
More laughter. Then a second cock
was pushing into me. Smaller,
slimmer. A student, I assumed. He began to pump into me, rapid, shallow
strokes. And then I felt a cock nudge my
face. Without further urging I opened my
mouth and let it slip between my lips.
It too was small and slim. I was
being taken by two students at a time. I
sucked gently on the cock in my mouth, feeling it twitch and stiffen. I brought up my hand and cupped his balls,
stroking them with my fingertip. In
moments it was shooting streams of hot, salty come into my mouth. 

&nbsp;

Another cock
quickly slipped into my mouth and I continued to suck enthusiastically. The cock in my pussy was building to a climax
and I thrust my hips up again to enable even deeper penetration. I felt it start to shoot inside me, only to
be replaced by yet another as soon as it had slipped from me. Once again I
figured that it was a student who was enjoying me. I concentrated on the cock in my mouth and in
moments it was shooting into me. 

&nbsp;

I had a brief
respite as the cock in my mouth softened and slipped from my lips, then the one
in my pussy shot inside me and was withdrawn.
I slumped over the chair, feeling thoroughly sated and degraded, and
then a large, broad cock was again nudging at my lips. I opened my mouth and allowed it to slip
inside. This had to be an adult cock,
and again I wondered who this was. As I wrapped my hand around the hot,
throbbing shaft I felt fingers slip into my pussy and then begin to smear a
mixture of come and my own juices onto my back door. Another large cock then pressed against my
tight hole and began to push into me.

&nbsp;

I felt shame
wash over me again as I realised that I was probably being taken by two adult
colleagues while a group of students watched.
I realised I might never know who had enjoyed me, but that theyd know,
they would always know and in the time remaining to me at the school they would
look at me knowingly and smile to themselves.
The sheer humiliation soon had me gasping and moaning again as I
thrilled at the thought of them all knowing me, laughing about silly little
Alison and her over-heated pussy. I
could imagine them sharing jokes about me, giggling at the thought of me
stripped and spread for them all to enjoy.

&nbsp;

I started to
come again, my orgasm building rapidly until I cried out and climaxed as the
two cocks continued to plough into me.
The cock in my mouth twitched and began to spurt, then was pulled out of
my mouth and sprayed hot jism across my face.
I heard another burst of laughter, as I was humiliated still further,
then the cock in my bowels emptied into me.


&nbsp;

I lay across
the chair, waiting. I had been left
alone since the last cock had climaxed.
The music in the headphones continued, I was still wearing the blind
fold. Suddenly the music stopped and I
head Adam say, You can get up now, Alison, theyve gone.

&nbsp;

I stood,
shakily, and removed the headphones and blindfold. I blinked under the strong,
white lights of the changing room and looked around me. The room was empty apart from Adam and me. He grinned at me, Enjoy that? Hows your hot little cunt now? Feeling better, I bet.

&nbsp;

Jesus that was
something else! I grinned back. How many were watching today?

&nbsp;

Must have been
fifteen or twenty, not counting the ones who paid to have you. They all seemed to enjoy themselves!

&nbsp;

I sank down on
a nearby chair, still stunned at the thought of all those young boys examining
my body, some of them taking their pleasure with me.

&nbsp;

And youre not
going to tell me who they were, are you?

&nbsp;

He grinned
triumphantly, No! Youll just have to try and guess. Now why dont you have a quick shower before
classes start? Youd better be quick
though, unless you want an audience of third-year boys watching you. He giggled.

&nbsp;

I quickly
showered, washing the come from my body, then dried myself and started to get
dressed. Of course my nice, satin knickers were nowhere to be seen, and my bra
had been torn by the rough hands of my first lover. I took it off and slipped it into my handbag,
then put on my skirt and blouse before applying a little make-up.

&nbsp;

Ive got to
go, Ill see you later. Adam announced
calmly, then left the changing room. I
quickly left the area too, anxious to getaway from the scene of my latest
shame. I glanced around nervously as I
left the sports wing, sure I was unseen by anyone.

&nbsp;

I began to make
my way back to my own classroom, where I had a spare pair of knickers in my
hold all. I was almost there when a
group of fifth-year girls rounded a corner and marched towards me. I recognised them at once, five of the
roughest girls I had ever encountered anywhere.
Their leader was a small, blonde girl called Sharon. She was a member of one of the most notorious
families in the area and was herself renowned for her toughness. They spread themselves out across the corridor,
barring my way.

&nbsp;

Come along
girls, move along now. I ordered.

&nbsp;

Fuck you,
slut! Sharon barked, the others
giggled.

&nbsp;

I beg your
pardon? Sharon behave yourself or Ill
put you on report, now clear the way, all of you. I snapped.
The others shifted around nervously, Sharon simply sneered at me.

&nbsp;

Youre a fine
one to talk about behaviour, arent you?

&nbsp;

What is that
supposed to mean?

&nbsp;

We know what
you did with the boys at lunchtime, dont we girls? The others giggled.

&nbsp;

I dont know
what you mean. I stammered.

&nbsp;

Course you
do, you remember, in the boys changing room, at lunch time. You were there giving them all a good
time. I bet you thought no one saw, but
youre wrong, because we did, didnt we girls?

&nbsp;

The others
chorused their agreement, Yeah, right.
Dirty bitch. Yeah, we saw all right.

&nbsp;

I felt panic
rising in me. Look, Sharon, youve
obviously got hold of the wrong end of the stick here. Now why dont you go on your way and well
say no more about this.

&nbsp;

She laughed out
loud. Say no more about it? Im sure
Mrs. Roberts would like to know all about it, wouldnt she? That dirty old lesbo hates you, and she hates
anyone whos straight. I bet if I went
to see her, told her all Id seen you doing shed want to say a lot about it,
what do you think?

&nbsp;

The panic in me
rose further. I felt cornered. Sharons threats to go to Mrs. Roberts were
real, and very worrying. Margaret
Roberts was acting head teacher, and a more withered, bitter woman would be
hard to find. I didnt doubt shed take
Sharon at face value. Knew what a
vindictive old bat she could be.

&nbsp;

What do you
want? I asked simply, acknowledging my
defeat.

&nbsp;

Well, I
thought we could have a little chat about that.

&nbsp;

Oh yes?

&nbsp;

Yes, but not
here. Too many eyes and ears around
here. We need to go somewhere private,
say, your flat, yes?

&nbsp;

My flat? No, no you cant go there.

&nbsp;

I think youll
find that it would be easier in the long run if we talked at your flat. Now you dont want to argue with me on this,
do you, Miss?

&nbsp;

I gritted my
teeth and shook my head. She grinned at
me.

&nbsp;

Good. Now you give all of us passes out of school
for the afternoon, and give me the keys to your flat, and well meet you there
after school, ok?

&nbsp;

Passes?, keys?
You mean you want to go to my flat now?
Without me? No! I wont allow
it.

&nbsp;

Suit
yourself. Mrs. Roberts office is this
way, right?

&nbsp;

I was
completely defeated. And she knew it!

&nbsp;

Wait. Look,
ok, Ill give you passes out of school, but not my keys.

&nbsp;

No fucking
deal. Passes and keys or we start
talking. Any more fucking stalling from
you and well have your car keys too.

&nbsp;

I felt my face
colouring, my skin felt hot. I had no
choice. I nodded at her, then dropped my head.
They followed me back to my class and watched as I wrote out passes
which would excuse them from school for the afternoon. They snatched them from me with delighted
grins, then Sharon held out her hand.

&nbsp;

Give me the
fucking key then.

&nbsp;

I delved into
my handbag, found my key ring and handed her my front door key.

&nbsp;

How do you
know where I live?

&nbsp;

I know where
all the teachers live. You never know
when that will come in useful. See you
later!

&nbsp;

They all
skipped happily from my class, leaving me alone to consider the consequences of
this latest turn. As the bell rang to
signal the start of lessons I remembered I was still without knickers. I quickly retrieved my spare pair from my
hold-all and pulled them on, only just managing to smooth my skirt back into
place before the first few students strolled in.

&nbsp;

All afternoon I
was haunted by thoughts of Sharon and the other girls. What had they seen? Had they seen anything at all, or had one of
the boys simply told them? If this were the
case I could deny it, call their bluffs.
They hadnt seen anything, were just repeating what one of the boys had
fantasised. Let them go to Margaret
Roberts, Id look then in the eye and call them liars. By the end of the afternoon I had convinced
myself that they were bluffing. Adam had
assured me that no one would be able to get in to the changing room while I was
in there, so they couldnt possibly have seen for themselves what had gone on
in there.

&nbsp;

Feeling much
more self assured, I made my way to the school office to check any messages
before I left for the day. I started to
sort through a pile of envelopes, checking for anything for Alan or me. I was
concentrating on my task and not really paying any attention to what was going
on around me. I knew other people were
coming and going, but I paid them no heed.
And then I noticed a familiar smell.
It was sweet, cloying. Part of my
brain recognised it, but for a moment I couldnt think where Id smelled it
before. Still concentrating on the
letters I began to think where I knew the smell from. And then with horror I remembered. The changing room, lunch time.

&nbsp;

I looked around
at the other people in the room. Several were women. I discounted them at once. A couple of older male teachers, none of whom
were taking any notice of me. I looked
straight into the eyes of the school caretaker, Mr. Bridges. He smiled at me knowingly, then winked. I felt my face suddenly burn with shame as I
realised the truth. He had been the one
who had enjoyed me that lunch time. I
realised that the smell was due to his constant exposure to the cleaning
chemicals stored in his quarters.

&nbsp;

I looked at him
and felt a wave of revulsion wash over me.
He was a figure of ridicule among the staff at the school, particularly
the women teachers. Universally regarded
as a complete pervert, he was always sneaking around the school, often in the
area of the girls changing rooms. He was
in his fifties, overweight, always sweating.
He always wore blue overalls, which were dirty and greasy. His fat face was dominated by a large mouth,
which had rubbery lips, and he peered at the world through thick, pebble
glasses.

&nbsp;

I knew of no
woman in the school who could bear to be near him, and yet he had taken his
pleasure with me that afternoon. I felt
sick. I looked away, trying to compose
myself. I pushed the bundle of letters
back into the post tray and turned to leave.
Before I could reach the door however, Mr. Bridges called out to me.

&nbsp;

Miss
Richards. Oh, Im glad I caught you
before you went home. I understand you
have a leaking pipe in your stock room.
If you show me where it is, Ill have a look at it for you. He grinned at me, slyly. 

&nbsp;

I looked at him
blankly for a second. I had no knowledge
of any leaking pipe, and then realisation dawned on me. He was making his way over to me, a lecherous
grin on his sweaty, fat face. I almost
told him to go to hell, but then I quickly realised the possible consequences
of offending him. Fighting back waves of
nausea, I nodded to him then slowly began to walk back to my classroom. He followed close behind, I could hear his
laboured breathing as he climbed the stairs and could almost feel his eyes as
they raked across my body. Finally, he
followed me into my classroom and closed the door behind him. I turned to face him. He looked so self-satisfied it was all I
could do not to hit him.

&nbsp;

That was a
nice little show you put on at lunch time. Alison. He chuckled.
He was enjoying himself enormously, sure enough of his position and my
compliance to use my first name, something he never did with any teaching
staff. I must admit that when young
Adam came to me and offered me some entertainment if I helped him find a quiet
place I wasnt sure if he was joking or not.
But sure enough, there you were, all nice and ready. Its been a while since I had a nice bit of
stuff like you. I like em young, you
know, like to feel all that nice firm flesh and that soft skin. Youve got a good body on you, I can tell you
that. He chuckled again.

&nbsp;

Look, Mr.
Bridges, I really have to be going Im afraid.
I stammered.

&nbsp;

No, I dont
think so Alison. I dont think youre
going anywhere for a few minutes yet, are you?

&nbsp;

I er

&nbsp;

You see, like
I said its been a while since I had a nice bit of stuff like you, and I could
just do with another go. So why dont
you come over here and be nice to me, hmmm?

&nbsp;

Please, Mr.
Bridges, I really do have to be going.
I pleaded, panic and revulsion rising in me.

&nbsp;

He laughed
softly to himself, Please yourself. You
know Im going to have to speak to Mrs. Roberts about what happened, dont
you? Id be failing in my duty to the
school and its students if I didnt.
He said, pompously.

&nbsp;

Please, Mr.
Bridges, I really dont think you need to do that.

&nbsp;

Well that
depends, doesnt it? He raised his
eyebrows, then looked me up and down.

&nbsp;

I see. I sighed, OK, you win. What do I have to do?

&nbsp;

He grinned
again, Come over here and be nice to me.

&nbsp;

I walked slowly
over to him. He spread his arms and
pulled me into an embrace, and then he kissed me. I almost vomited as I felt his thick, rubbery
lips close on mine, and then he was forcing his tongue into my mouth. I tried to pull away, but he held me
tightly. Then he thrust his hand between
my legs, rubbing at my pussy with his big, rough hands. He dragged my skirt up, then forced his hand
down the front of my knickers and felt for my pussy, his skin rough against my
delicate folds.

&nbsp;

After what
seemed an eternity he broke off from kissing me. I drew in deep breaths of air as he continued
to fondle my pussy. He grunted to himself
then reached out with his other hand and began to maul my breasts. He pulled on the buttons impatiently, trying
to open them. Finally one broke off. I put my hand over his, gently pushed it away
and began to open them myself.

&nbsp;

Good
girl. He chuckled. Why dont you take it all off, let me have a
good look at you? He pulled his hands
from my knickers and sniffed at them.
Mmm, nice! He grinned.

&nbsp;

Feeling pure
loathing and revulsion for that horrible man, I slowly began to undress. My blouse went first. His eyes opened wide with lust as he started
at my naked breasts. Then I unfastened
my skirt and let it fall to the floor.
He licked his lips as I stood before him wearing only my knickers,
stockings and suspenders.

&nbsp;

Dont tell me
youre shy! He giggled, After the display you put on at lunch time? Come on girlie, get the rest off, Im in a
hurry.

&nbsp;

I pushed my
knickers down to my knees and let them fall to the floor. He grunted again, then reached out and began
to maul both my breasts. 

&nbsp;

Youve got a
fine pair of tits, you have. Nice nips
as well. I like a nice pair of nips,
something you can get a grip on. He
pinched my nipples hard, making me yelp and stand on tip-toe. He chuckled nastily. Such a lot of fuss, just because you have
your nips pinched. Anyone would think I
was really hurting you! You dont mind
me doing this, do you Alison? He
chuckled again.

&nbsp;

No Mr.
Bridges. I gasped. He pinched harder, then pulled sharply
upwards. I grabbed hold of his hands,
trying to ease the pressure on my stinging breasts, but to no avail. I was gasping and crying, I begged him to
stop, pleaded with him. He just
laughed. He let go of my breasts
suddenly. I instinctively put my hands
over them to ease the pain. He pulled my
hands away roughly, then delivered several hard slaps to each breast, making me
moan and cry out loud.

&nbsp;

Dirty little
bitch, standing there with your cunt out on display for all those young
boys. No shame at all, have you? Have you?
He shouted. I was terrified
someone would hear and come to investigate.

&nbsp;

No Mr.
Bridges. Im sorry Mr. Bridges. I wont do it again, I promise, Mr. Bridges.

&nbsp;

I dont
believe a word of it. He snapped, I
bet given half a chance youd drop your knickers right in the middle of the
class, in front of all of them, wouldnt you?

&nbsp;

No, Mr.
Bridges, Id never do that, honest! I
gasped. He slapped my breasts again.

&nbsp;

Ha! You look down your nose at everyone with your
butter wouldnt melt, wide eyed look, so prim and proper. And the next minute your bent over a chair,
arse up in the air, offering your cunt to a bunch of children. Not so bleedin clever now, are you, now Ive
got you out of your knickers and can give you a lesson on how to behave?

&nbsp;

No Mr.
Bridges. I mumbled.

&nbsp;

He sat down in
my chair, leaned back and surveyed me through his thick glasses. He motioned for me to turn around, and I did
so, feeling his eyes roam across my naked flesh. 

&nbsp;

Lie down on
that desk and spread your legs. I want
to have a good look at you.

&nbsp;

I did as I was
told, opening my legs as wide as I could, exposing myself obscenely for his
enjoyment. He stood and shuffled over to
me, then reached out and drew his rough finger tip along my slit. I shuddered with disgust as he played with my
delicate folds. Then he pushed his
finger into my slit. Despite myself, my
utter revulsion and disgust at being there with that awful man, I realised that
my pussy was wet. His finer slipped
smoothly into my tunnel, and he chuckled again.

&nbsp;

I knew you fancied
me. He grinned, I know posh birds like
you think youre above the likes of me, but I knew you really wanted a good
seeing to from a more mature man. I knew
you wanted me to do you, and heres the proof.
He began to ease his finger in and out of me, then pushed a second one
into me. See? All nice and wet. Fucking gagging for it, arent you?

&nbsp;

Yes Mr.
Bridges. I said softly, wanting more
than anything to be a million miles away from him. 

&nbsp;

Well todays
your lucky day, young Alison. Ill sit
back, and you can suck my knob until its good and hard, then I want you to
climb on top and fuck me until we both come.

&nbsp;

He pulled his
fingers out of my pussy, then moved back to my chair. As I raised myself from the desk he dropped
his trousers and underwear and sat back, a smug grin on his face. I dropped to my knees between his thighs and
took hold of his soft cock as it nestled on its bed of grey/brown pubes. I stroked it gently, feeling it start to
swell, then I leant forward and took it into my mouth. My nostrils were filled with his body
odour. He smelled as if he hadnt washed
in months. He patted my head and
chuckled again as his cock swelled in my mouth.
In moments he was stiff and throbbing, his balls tight.

&nbsp;

Time for you
to go to work. He laughed. I stood then straddled him. I took hold of his cock as I lowered myself
down onto him. He reached out and began
to play with my breasts as I positioned his glans at the entrance to my
pussy. Then I began to sink down onto
his cock, my eyes avoiding his. I slowly
sank down until his entire length was inside me, then I began to rock my hips
back and forth. He grunted, then pulled
me towards him and began to suck first one breast, then the other. He reached round and began to stroke my
bottom, his rough hands chafing my smooth skin.
Then he pulled my cheeks apart and began to press a finger at my tight
hole. I gasped and he laughed again.

&nbsp;

You like it up
the shitter, dont you Alison? You let
one of them fuck you up the arse at lunchtime, didnt you? Do you really like it up your arse, or are
you just too much of a dirty little slut to say no to anything, mmm?

&nbsp;

I continued to
grind my hips down onto his, ignoring his jibes.

&nbsp;

I asked you a
question, Alison. He growled and delivered a stinging blow to my bottom. I squealed and gasped. Tell me.
Do you like it up your arse?

&nbsp;

Yes, I mean
no, I mean sometimes, oh I dont know.
I gasped.

&nbsp;

Yes, I bet you
do. Youre that sort, arent you? Make out youre so squeaky clean but when you
get going youre just a dirty little slut, arent you? Are you going to come yet? You have to come, you know. Im not going to let you stop until weve
both come. If I come before you Ill
make you fuck yourself with a broom handle until you get there, and Ill watch
every moment. Its your choice. He suddenly grabbed hold of my nipples again,
pinching and twisting, pulling me closer to him. And if you try to fake it, Ill know,
right? He said through gritted teeth.

&nbsp;

Ahh, oh God,
oh please stop. Oh Ill do whatever you
say, just please stop.

&nbsp;

He giggled to
himself, then let go of my nipples and sat back in his seat again. I didnt doubt that hed follow through on
his threat, knew that I would have to work myself to a climax one way or another. I decided to give him the ride of his life
and began to grind my hips onto his with renewed vigour. I bounced up and down on his stiff cock,
desperately trying to stimulate my body to the point of orgasm. I closed my eyes, trying to shut out the
identity of my lover, imagining it was Alan, or Neil, even Adam or Granddad.

&nbsp;

I started to
respond and felt the familiar feelings begin to stir in me. My body grew warm and I continued to ride his
shaft, my pleasure increasing. I began
to relax, believing that I could climax and keep him happy, and then I felt his
cock twitch and begin to shoot his jism into me. He gasped and moaned, running his hands all
over me once again. I tried to catch the
wave, tried to bring myself off, but it was no use. I felt his cock soften inside me, then slip
from my pussy completely. I opened my
eyes and looked at him. He was looking
back at me with malice and humour written across his face.

&nbsp;

Oh dear,
Alison, youve been a naughty girl, havent you? I said you were to come, and you havent,
have you?

&nbsp;

I tried
desperately to convince him. I was
really close, honest Mr. Bridges. I
dont know if I can though, after lunch time and everything. For a moment I
thought he believed me. Then he grinned
again.

&nbsp;

Now dont be
silly, Alison. We both know a hot little
bitch like you can come any number of times, dont we? So what I want you to do is to lay back on
the floor by my feet and play with your hot cunt until you come, ok?

&nbsp;

Please Mr.
Bridges, I really cant.

&nbsp;

Stop whining
and get on with it. He barked.

&nbsp;

My heart
thumping and my brain clouded with shame, I lay down at his feet, opened my
legs and began to stroke my pussy. I
felt his jism on my fingers and almost retched.
I looked up at him to see his fat, sweaty face covered in a triumphant
grin.

&nbsp;

I always
wanted to see you doing this. He said happily.
Stark fucking naked with your hands buried in your hot little
snatch. You fucking that fellow Hughes,
then?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

He make you do
this as well?

&nbsp;

Yes.

&nbsp;

You like
putting on a show, dont you?

&nbsp;

I didnt
answer.

&nbsp;

Yes, course
you do. Look at you, dropping your
knickers for all those boys. I bet
youre enjoying having it off with me, arent you. I bet you like putting on a special show for
me, dont you. Tell me how much you like
to play with yourself while I watch, go on, tell me all about it.

&nbsp;

I felt shame
and humiliation stab through me like a hot knife as I realised he was
right. I was starting to enjoy myself.
I like to play with myself while you watch.
I like to spread my legs and show you my pussy, then stroke it until Im
really hot. Then I like to play with my
clit, like this. I ran my fingertip
over my stiff bud, gasping with pleasure.
I play with my clit like this all the time, and it always makes me
come. Would you like me to come now, Mr.
Bridges? Im really close now. Can I come please, Mr. Bridges, please, please?

&nbsp;

He laughed contentedly, Yes, go on then
Alison, show me what you look like when you come.

&nbsp;

I immediately
started to climax, clamping my thighs together on my hand, gasping and moaning,
my body shaking as my orgasm broke over me.
Finally it subsided and I opened my eyes to see him still watching me,
still smirking.

&nbsp;

Feel better
for that then?

&nbsp;

I felt my face
flush scarlet. I began to stand,
reaching for my clothes. Can I go
now? I asked simply.

&nbsp;

He stood up,
pulling his trousers up and fastening them as he considered my request. He moved slowly towards me as I clutched my
clothes to me.

&nbsp;

Turn around.
He ordered. I turned my back to
him. He immediately pushed me over a
desk and began to deliver crisp, hard slaps to my naked bottom. After more than a minute of stinging blows he
stopped, then growled, Let that be a lesson to you. Show me your things.

&nbsp;

Still wiping
tears from my face and rubbing my hot bottom cheeks I turned to face him and
held out my clothes. He quickly found my
knickers and stuffed them into his pockets. Ill keep these. Souvenir!
He laughed, then he casually strolled from my classroom, his laughter
ringing in the empty corridor.

&nbsp;

I was
furious! I wanted to call him back and
slap his face. I was as angry as Id
ever been, angry with Alan, with Neil, with Granddad and Adam, angry with the
dirty, disgusting Mr. Bridges and angry with myself. I pulled on my skirt and blouse, picked up my
bags and stomped from the room. How
could I have been so stupid as to have let things go this far, I thought. Once upon a time this was a game, some adult
fun with Alan. Then Id let it extend to
Neil, then the headmaster, and then so many Id practically lost count. And Id
done so many things, ludicrous things, debauched things, disgusting
things. Things which had crossed a line,
were no longer just a game, now had a serious side. 

&nbsp;

Adam and Brian
had both threatened to tell all if I didnt obey their instructions, now the
caretaker was going to have the same fun.
And then I remembered the girls.
Sharon and her accomplices were waiting for me at my home, waiting to
talk to me about my lunchtime in the changing rooms. Half an hour ago I had convinced myself that
they were bluffing, that they knew nothing more than some gossip repeated from
some of the boys. Now my self-confidence
was shattered and I was truly dreading what lay ahead.

&nbsp;

Totally
pre-occupied with what I might find in my own home, I made my way to my
car. I threw my bags into the back and
then stood, immobile, trying to clear my mind, plan my strategy for dealing
with the girls. I was roused from my
thoughts by the sound of laughter behind me.
I glanced over my shoulder to see a group of fourteen-year-old boys
standing at the school gate. They were
pointing over at me, clearly highly amused.
And then I realised that while I had been standing there, lost in
thought, the wind had lifted my skirt, exposing my pink, naked bottom to their
delighted gaze.

&nbsp;

As they
continued to shout and jeer I jumped into the car and sped out of the car
park. I made my way home, still lost in
thought. As I parked my car near to the
flat I felt my heart beating rapidly. My
feet felt leaden ad I slowly trudged to my front door, then had to endure the
humiliation of having to ring the doorbell of my own home and wait to be let
in.

&nbsp;

The door
finally opened and one of the girls, Clare, stood back to let me in. Her face
looked slightly flushed, her eyes darting.
I made my way up to the flat and into my living room, Clare followed
silently. As I entered the living room Sharon
looked up and smiled at me.

&nbsp;

Youre
late. Where the fuck have you been?

&nbsp;

I, er, I had
some reports to write, er, thought it best to finish them at school. I stammered.

&nbsp;

Well I dont
like being kept waiting. Dont do it
again. She snapped. I glanced around at the others. They were all looking very relaxed and confident,
and then I noticed that they all had drinks of some sort. A couple had cans of beer, Sharon and two
others had glasses of white wine. She
grinned as she saw me take it all in.

&nbsp;

Yeah, we
thought wed help ourselves to a drink while we were waiting. You dont mind, do you Alison?

&nbsp;

The challenge
was obvious. I felt thoroughly
defeated. I shook my head slightly,
dreading what was about to come.

&nbsp;

Youve got a
nice flat, havent you? Lots of nice
things. We really liked some of your
clothes, you know, the posh ones you dont wear for school. The others giggled. I realised they had spent the afternoon
drinking my wine and beer and going through my things.

&nbsp;

Is John your
boyfriend? One of them asked.

&nbsp;

Yes. I replied.

&nbsp;

He writes nice
letters to you, doesnt he? She
giggled.

&nbsp;

You mean you
read my letters? How dare you! You have no right to do that. No right to come in here at all. Going through my private things, get
out! Get out, all of you! I ranted at them. There was a stunned silence for a moment, and
then all of them snorted with laughter.
I stood in the middle of my living room boiling with fury. I grabbed hold of Sharon by the arm and
pulled her put of her seat.

&nbsp;

Youre going
now! I shouted at her, dragging her
towards the door. And then she suddenly
broke free, twisted my arm and forced it up my back. I cried out in pain and alarm. She pushed me into the wall and pinned me
there. I was unable to move, the pain in
my arm defusing my rage, clearing my head.

&nbsp;

I heard the girls
giggling, knew I was defeated. I felt
Sharons breath close to my ear. Then
she spoke, quietly, decisively.

&nbsp;

Now you listen
to me, bitch, youll do as youre told and take what youre given from now on,
because if you dont were going to lesbo Roberts and tell her how you fucked
some of the boys today. How you stripped off and let them do you. Shit!
You even let some of them stick it in your mouth. Dirty fucking bitch. Now unless you want Roberts to hear all about
it, with the names of the boys concerned, you better keep well in with us,
yes?

&nbsp;

I hesitated
momentarily and my arm was forced even further up my back. I gasped and cried out, Yes, yes! For Gods sake, ok.

&nbsp;

OK what?

&nbsp;

OK, Ill do
whatever you say. I cried, surrendering
completely.

&nbsp;

In another
swift movement Sharon pulled me away from the wall and shoved me, sending me
careering onto a nearby chair. Still
recovering my breath I turned to face them, hearing more giggles and guffaws of
laughter.

&nbsp;

Well look at
this, girls! Sharon said, her voice
contemptuous, Our high and mighty teacher here has been going around with no
knickers on. 

&nbsp;

I glanced down
and saw at once that my skirt had been flung up to my waist when Sharon had
thrown me to the chair. I was completely
exposed once again. I quickly covered myself, feeling my face redden as they
continued to laugh at me.

&nbsp;

Get up. Sharon ordered simply. I stood, nervously, still rubbing my shoulder
as it still ached from Sharons expert grip.

&nbsp;

You really are
quite the dirtiest bitch Ive ever met, you know that? Spreading your legs for all the boys, then
walking around with no knickers on for the rest of the day. I bet you couldnt care less if anyone saw up
your skirt, could you? I bet it wouldnt
bother you if half the school saw your cunt, would it?

&nbsp;

The girls
laughed. I felt very small and
vulnerable.

&nbsp;

Get your kit
off. I want to see for myself whats so
fucking marvellous about your body that you want the world to see it. Come on, get your stuff off.

&nbsp;

I began to open
the buttons on my blouse. Several of the
girls snickered and giggled. A couple
opened cans of beer and settled back to watch my humiliation with obvious
satisfaction. I reached the last button,
opened it, then drew in a deep breath before opening my blouse and pushing it
off my shoulders. I let it fall to the
floor and left it there. The room had
gone quiet. All five girls watched me intently. 

&nbsp;

Will you get a
fucking move on! Sharon yelled. Yeah, get on with it! One of the other
girls chorused. I opened the fastening
of my skirt with my fingers trembling nervously, then let it drop to my
feet. I quickly took off my stockings
and suspenders, then stood before them, naked.
My arms hung limply at my side.
There were a couple more nervous giggles, then Sharon stepped forward.

&nbsp;

She looked me
up and down, slowly, then her eyes came to rest on my shaven mound.

&nbsp;

What happened
to your pubes? She demanded.

&nbsp;

I shaved them
off. I said quietly. She gave a derisive laugh.

&nbsp;

Did you hear
that girls? Little miss perfect here
shaves her twat! Is that because you
want everyone to be able to see your slit?
Is it?

&nbsp;

No, Alan told
me to do it. I said before I could
think better of it.

&nbsp;

Alan? You mean Alan Hughes? She demanded.
I nodded. How long has he been
fucking you then?

&nbsp;

A couple of
months.

&nbsp;

So what about
your boyfriend then? Whats his name, John?
What about him?

&nbsp;

I dont think
thats any of your busin Her hand flew
out with blinding speed and slapped me across the face, Never fucking mind what you think! I asked you a question.

&nbsp;

Johns in
Australia. I snapped.

&nbsp;

Does he know
Hughes is fucking you? I shook my
head. Shit, youre just a bitch, arent
you? Your own bloke is away, so youre
determined to fuck everyone elses, arent you?

&nbsp;

I wanted to
argue with her, fight my corner, but I knew it was no use. Instead I hung my head, awaiting my
fate. Sharon continued her appraisal of
me.

&nbsp;

Tits arent
bad. A bit small though. She reached out and pinched my nipple between
thumb and forefinger, rolling it around.
She walked slowly round me, surveying me. I bet the boys love your arse, dont
they? It looks ok, I suppose. Its a bit red though. Why is it that colour?

&nbsp;

I dont know.
I lied.

&nbsp;

Fuck off! You know why.
Tell me. Go on, tell me why your
arse is red. She laughed.

&nbsp;

Because Ive
been spanked. I said simply. I wanted
to run away, to hide from this dreadful, spiteful girl. Instead I simply waited for the next shame.

&nbsp;

Ive heard
about you. You know what girls? She likes having her arse smacked! No, really, she loves it! She gets all hot and bothered when someone
smacks her arse, dont you, Alison? So
hot and bothered that shes fingered herself off with boys watching, havent
you, Alison?

&nbsp;

There were
murmurs of disbelief from the other girls.
Oh yes, you didnt know about that, did you girls, but its true, isnt
it, Alison? Tell them its true, that
you let Adam Stuart and his granddad smack your arse, and then you lay down and
played with yourself, telling them how you like to be spanked. Go on, tell them.

&nbsp;

I sighed,
deeply humiliated and shamed. Its
true. I murmured. There were startled
gasps from the girls. No way! Fuck,
how could you do that in front of anyone?
I cant believe anyones that big a slut! God, I feel embarrassed for you. 

&nbsp;

Sharon grinned,
So who smacked your arse today the?
Hughes is away, so it cant have been him. Was it Adam then? I shook my head. Well come on then, tell us who it was. She laughed.

&nbsp;

Mr.
Bridges. I said, in a low voice.

&nbsp;

Bridges! That dirty old twat? You let him smack your arse? I bet he loved that! Was it over your knickers or what?

&nbsp;

No. It was on my, er.

&nbsp;

He smacked
your bare arse? Fucking hell! You really
do love it, dont you? Did he fuck you?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

So you
stripped off for him and he fucked you.
Did he smack your arse before or after he fucked you?

&nbsp;

After. My voice barely rose above a whisper.

&nbsp;

Did you play
with yourself?

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

Was he there,
watching?

&nbsp;

I nodded
again. I felt Sharons hand stroke my
bottom, slow and gentle, her skin cool against mine.

&nbsp;

You just dont
give a fuck anymore, do you? Youll let
anyone do whatever they want to you, wont you?
Teachers fuck you, boys fuck you, now even the dirty old perve has
fucked you. And you love it all. Dont
you?

&nbsp;

Before I could
answer one of the girls said something and the others giggled. Sharon looked over at them, an angry look on
her face.

&nbsp;

What did you
say? She demanded. The others giggled again, then one of them
said, Fran says you must be a lesbo because you like feeling her arse! They all started to laugh, all except Sharon.

&nbsp;

Is that right,
is it? She snarled. I tell you whose a lesbo, shall I? Its
Fran. Shes going to drop her knickers
and let the bitch here lick her cunt, right?

&nbsp;

I was
stunned. My mind was in total turmoil as
I took in this latest twist. She
couldnt be serious, could she? Frans
reaction was similar to mine, although much more vocal.

&nbsp;

You can fuck
off, Shazzer, Im not doing any of that lesbo shit. I dont care what you say.

&nbsp;

Oh no? Youd best think again Fran, unless you want
to get cut. From somewhere Sharon had
produced a small knife and was brandishing it in Frans direction. From the look on their faces they certainly
believed she would use it to get her way.
Fran stood up, swaying slightly from the alcohol, then smiled at Sharon,
obviously trying to placate her.

&nbsp;

Shazzer, you
cant be serious! You wouldnt make me do that, would you? It was only a joke, and were mates,
yes? Look, Im really sorry, no one in
their right minds thinks youre a lesbo, honest. Come on, lets have some more beer and have a
laugh, ok?

&nbsp;

Who wants to
see the bitch lick Frans cunt? She
said aloud, ignoring Frans pleas and not even looking at me.

&nbsp;

The other girls
looked at each other in silence, then the three of them grinned and there was a
chorus of Yeah! Yeah go for it. Come on Fran, itll be a laugh. Get your knickers off and let her do it. Come
on.

&nbsp;

Having looked
so tough and confident just a few moments ago, Fran now looked suddenly very
small and frail. Her face had gone very pale and she was knotting her fingers
together nervously. I decided it was
time to act.

&nbsp;

Just wait a
minute Sharon. Youve gone too far this
time. Ill do no such thing, the jokes
over. Now all of you get out of my
home. I started to pick up my
clothes. They all looked at first me,
then Sharon, waiting to see how this would go.
I tried to ignore Sharon completely, I wasnt sure I could look her ion
the eye.

&nbsp;

Fine! She
said, smiling, Ill just go and see Roberts and tell her that youve been
fucking boys and the caretaker in school today, ok? She casually picked up her school blazer and
began to walk to the door.

&nbsp;

No! Stop, Sharon you have to stop. If you go to Mrs. Roberts theres lots of us
will be in trouble. Its not worth all
that, surely? Come on now, youve had
your fun, lets just forget all about this.

&nbsp;

She grinned at
me. You know Ill do it if you argue
with me again, right? You say therell
be a lot of people in trouble?
Fine! I wont be one of them, so
why should I give a fuck? The others,
Fran included, laughed.

&nbsp;

My heart felt
like it was trying to burst out of my rib cage, my legs were suddenly shaky,
felt unable to support me. I glanced at the others. They were all watching me
intently, the tension was palpable. I
knew I was defeated. I let my breath escape
in a sibilant hiss, dropped my head said simply, OK, you win Sharon. What do you want? 

&nbsp;

She turned and
looked at me, a triumphant grin on her face.
Like I said, I want you to lick Frans cunt. Make her come. Do all that lezzy stuff.

&nbsp;

Shazzer,
please. Please. Fran begged. Sharon ignored her, looked directly at me. I was first to look away, turning my eyes from
her in shame.

&nbsp;

OK. I
snapped.

&nbsp;

Get on with it
then. She laughed, And Fran, you let
her do it, or you know what youll get.

&nbsp;

Fran fell back
on the sofa with a frightened look on her face.
The others dropped into chairs, making sure they had a good vantage
point.

&nbsp;

I slowly walked
over to where Fran sat and dropped to my knees in front of her. She looked like a captured wild animal,
frozen in place when all her instincts were to run for it. I slowly started to push the hem of her
school uniform skirt up her thighs. She shuddered at my touch. As the skirt rose higher I could feel her
breathing become more laboured. By the
time her pale, pink knickers were visible she was trying not to cry.

&nbsp;

Shift yourself
down so she can get at you. Sharon
ordered. With a sob, Fran moved lower in
her seat, pushing her pelvis towards me.
I pushed her skirt up to her waist, then reached for the waistband of
her knickers. Her eyes looked terrified as she felt me start to tug on them,
her fingers twitched, wanting to push my hands away, wanting to protect her
modesty. 

&nbsp;

I felt my own
heart pounding. This was like some sort of nightmare. I was naked in my own home and being made to
indecently assault a young girl while her so called friends looked on,
fascinated and amused.

&nbsp;

As I started to
lower Frans knickers she gasped. I
looked up at her, her eyes spilling tears down her face. As I pulled them lower and lower she closed
her eyes tightly, trying to shut out what was happening to her. As her sparse pubic bush came into view the
others giggled, then fell silent. I
pulled her knickers down her thighs, over her knees and down to her ankles, where
I took them from her completely. She had
clamped her thighs tightly together and her hands were covering her pussy
protectively.

&nbsp;

I felt
sick. I wanted to scream, run away, slap
Sharons face, anything but put on the show they were all waiting for. Instead I shuffled forward, gently pushing
Frans thighs apart and positioned myself between them. Fran still covered her pussy with her hands,
her eyes defiantly closed. I leaned
forward and kissed her inner thigh. Her
eyes flew open and she stared down at me, close to panic. I gently eased her hands away and leaned in
further, planting the briefest of kisses on her bush. As I did so I heard her whisper, Please
Miss. Sharon snickered nastily, then
urged me on, saying, Thats right, get right in there. I want to see you licking her cunt until she
comes. Get on with it then.

&nbsp;

I eased Frans
thighs further apart and leaned in again, my heart racing. The only experiences Id had with a woman had
been with Lin, and there hadnt been many of them. Now I was about perform on one of my own
students, and neither of us were happy about it. I gave her another kiss on her bush. She sniffed gently, still holding back
tears. I ran the tip of my tongue over
her slit. I could feel the tension in
her young body. I placed my whole mouth
over her pussy and began to work my tongue into her delicate folds.

&nbsp;

I soon managed
to slip my tongue between her pussy lips and found her clit. Her pussy was completely dry, a clear sign of
the fear she was feeling. I ran my
tongue over her clit several times. I
put my fingers on either side of her pussy and gently eased her lips apart,
then sucked gently on her little bud.
For a moment she didnt respond, and then she let out a huge sigh and
sank down in her seat.

&nbsp;

I continued to
suck her bud, running my tongue over the sensitive head as it began to emerge
from under its hood. She gasped and
groaned softly. I glanced up at
her. She still had her eyes closed, but
she had the faint beginnings of a smile on her face. I ran my tongue down to the entrance to her
pussy, pushing in as far as I could. She
sighed again, happily this time, then said softly, Oh Miss. Oh Miss, thats lovely.

&nbsp;

The other girls
watched in silent fascination. One of
them asked, What does it feel like Fran, is it good?

&nbsp;

Oh yes! She groaned, Oh its lovely. Oh God, its fucking wonderful! I felt her hips start to rise and fall,
gently pushing my tongue into her rhythmically, her breathing was quickening. I
could taste her juices as she became more and more aroused. I continued to push my tongue into her, but
also started to stroke her clit with my finger.
I felt a shudder run through her body as the sensations
intensified. And then she came. There was no crying or moaning, no screams,
she simply sighed and said Oh!, then fell back in her seat, a half-formed smile
on her face. As I pulled back from her
she didnt move, stayed slumped in her seat, her skirt around her waist, her
legs spread wide, exposing her wet pussy.

&nbsp;

The others had
gone very quiet. Then Clare said, Fuck
it! Do me, do me now! She stood up,
dragging her skirt up as she did, then she was pushing her grubby, white
knickers down to expose a surprisingly thick, brown bush. She fell back in her seat, legs wide apart,
hips pushed forward. Come on then. I want some of that. Get to work then.

&nbsp;

I shuffled over
to her, positioned myself between her thighs and began to kiss and lick at her
pussy. I flicked my tongue over her
clit, which was already stiff and swollen.
As I did she let out a long, low moan, Ohhhhhh yes! Oh thats fucking lovely that is. Mmmmm, oh yes.

&nbsp;

In moments she
was grinding her hips up to meet my face.
She reached down and took hold of my head with both hands, then held my
face still while she rubbed her pussy against me. I stuck out my tongue and felt it slip easily
into her pussy. I put my thumb against
her clit and began to rub it gently. She
gasped and moaned almost constantly, then suddenly she went completely rigid,
holding my face tightly against her pussy, her own face contorted, deep in
concentration. Her body began to shake
and then she was whimpering and whining as she climaxed. Finally her grip on my head relaxed and she
fell back into her seat, gasping for breath.

&nbsp;

Once I had
pleasured Clare, the others wanted it too.
The three remaining girls, Jennifer, Helen and Sharon all shed their
underwear and lay back as I tongued them to orgasm. By the time Sharon had reached her climax my
jaw ached. I looked around the room. Five teenage girls, all with their skirts up
to their waists and their knickers off.
Five wet, satisfied pussies. My
own had begun to respond, I could feel my clit stiffen. I hoped they would go soon so that I could
relieve myself. Instead, they wanted
more. I was made to lie on the floor,
then Fran moved over to me. She dropped
her skirt, then quickly removed her school blouse and bra, standing over me
stark naked. Then she straddled me and
lowered her pussy down onto my face. She
began to grind her pussy down onto my mouth, and I began to lick and suck at
her delicate folds. She gasped and
moaned, bucking and writhing on top of me until she climaxed, only to be
replaced by Jennifer, who had also shed all of her clothing.

&nbsp;

As she rocked
back and forth on my face I felt hands push my thighs apart. Then I felt fingers start to stroke my
pussy. I knew I was aroused, knew I
would be wet, felt another wave of shame flood though me. I felt a finger slip easily into me, then
heard Sharons voice.

&nbsp;

She fucking
loves this girls, her cunt is soaking, come and have a feel. There were giggles from the others, then
fingers were stroking and teasing me, slipping into me, playing with my
clit. I moved my hips around, trying to
avoid their fingers, all the time licking at Jennifers pussy as she ground it
down onto me. They teased and tormented
me mercilessly. Hands held my legs wide apart, then my pussy lips were spread
and fingers began to rub my clit, whilst others slipped inside my hot
tunnel. I gasped and moaned into
Jennifers pussy. She responded by
rubbing her slit even faster against my lips.
She rocked her hips faster and faster, then suddenly fell forward,
lifting her pussy off my face and gasping, Oh fucking Christ! Oh Jesus fucking Christ!

&nbsp;

The others
laughed and continued to play with my pussy.
Sharon was the next to lower herself onto me. As she did so she looked down at me and said,
I bet youd like to come now, wouldnt you?
Why dont you play with your cunt? Show us what you like to do, mmm?

&nbsp;

As she started
to rock her hips I bowed to the inevitable. I reached down and began to stroke
my stiff little clit, while my teenage students watched and laughed.

&nbsp;

Thats it,
keep going. Sharon urged, But you
cant come before me. You bring me off
first, then you can have yours, go that?
I groaned in response, and they laughed again. My clit was deliciously sensitive, I could
have come right there and then. Instead
I had to wait until my tormentor had climaxed.
I licked at her pussy with a new urgency as I continued to stroke my
hard button. I heard her grunt as she felt
my tongue slip across her slit and tickle her clit. I pushed my tongue deep
into her pussy, doing all I could to bring her to a quick climax whilst
tormenting my own pussy with my fingers.

&nbsp;

Finally Sharon
climaxed, grunting and moaning as she pushed her pussy onto my face. As she rolled off me she grinned and said,
OK, you can come now. And of course, I
did. I opened my legs as wide as I
could, spread my pussy lips wide with one hand and gently teased my clit,
pushing my bottom as high as I could, exposing myself to my audience. I pushed two fingers into my sopping pussy,
then gave myself over to my climax. As I
slowly recovered I looked up to see Helen standing over me, a broad grin on her
face. &quot;My turn!&quot; She giggled.

&nbsp;

They were
insatiable. Time after time I would
bring one of them to climax, only for another to take her place straight
away. I lost count of the number of
times I was made to pleasure them all.
Finally, as Sharon ground her pussy down onto me for another climax, she
rolled away from me with a contented sigh, and I was able to sit up and
recover. 

&nbsp;

Sharon crawled
over to her seat and threw herself down into it. The others were all slumped in their seats,
still naked. Most were sipping from cans
of beer or glasses of wine, completely at ease with their own nakedness. I reached out for the bottle of wine and
drank the last few drops, my mouth full of their tastes, my jaw aching.

&nbsp;

Go and get
some more wine. Sharon ordered.
Obediently I got up and went to the kitchen, opened another bottle of
wine and returned to the living room.
The bottle was snatched form me and their glasses refilled. Then I was ordered to fetch more beers for
those that wanted them. I sat and
watched them as they lounged casually.
For a few moments they had forgotten about me. But my respite was to be short lived.

&nbsp;

You know
what? I think Alison here has done a
good job today, what do you lot think?
Sharon announced. There were
drunken cheers from the others. Yeah, a
real good job bringing us all off all those times. I think she deserves a
reward. I immediately felt threatened,
Sharon wasnt the type of girl to reward anyone. There were more cheers from the other girls. I held my breath, waiting for Sharon to make
her point.

&nbsp;

So lets
think; what does Alison here really like? She paused for dramatic effect, a sly grin on
her face. I know! She yelled, She likes to have her arse
smacked! You do, dont you Alison? You like having your cute little arse smacked
til its red, dont you?

&nbsp;

I looked at her
in horror. Would this never end? Sharon, no, please, please Im fine,
really.

&nbsp;

Now, now, stop
being silly Alison. We all know how much
you like it. But I think you should tell
us all anyway. Come on, tell us how you
like having your arse smacked. Do it
now. She growled.

&nbsp;

I sighed with
resignation, I like having my bottom smacked.
It turns me on. I murmured.

&nbsp;

No, no, no,
you can do much better than that! Come
on, Alison, tell us like you mean it.

&nbsp;

I swallowed
deeply. There was no escape, and there
was to be no let up in my torment. I
love having my bare bottom smacked. I
love it when Im made to go over a mans knee, and he strokes my bottom before
smacking it hard. And I know he can see
between my legs, see my pussy, and I feel so rude and ashamed. And if he laughs at me, and makes me feel
like a silly little girl, I get a special thrill.

&nbsp;

The girls were
giggling at my confession, enjoying my humiliation. After a moment or two Jennifer blurted out,
If you like it that much, we could give you a real good slapping, couldnt we
girls? The others laughed and cheered.

&nbsp;

That sounds
like a good idea, Jen. Sharon agreed, Who wants to give it to her first
then? They all clamoured to be the one,
begging Sharon for the favour. Finally,
she announced, I think Fran should go first, after all, she was the one who
let herself get licked off first. They
all laughed again. OK, bitch, get over
her knee then.

&nbsp;

I walked slowly
over to Fran and draped myself across her lap.
I felt her hands stroke my bare cheeks, and then she delivered her first
blow. It was nothing compared to what
Mr. Bridges and Granddad had given me in the past, but it still stung, and I
gasped with shock as the second blow fell.

&nbsp;

Tell me, Miss,
how long have you been shagging Mr. Hughes?
Fran asked. Before I could
answer, another slap struck my naked bum.
Come on, tell me. I want to
know.

&nbsp;

Not long, just
a couple of months. I gasped. More slaps.
Why do you like having your arse smacked then?

&nbsp;

I dont
know. It just turns me on.

&nbsp;

Are you
getting randy now?

&nbsp;

I think so. I
stammered. The audience laughed.

&nbsp;

Lets see
then. She pushed her hand between my
legs and felt for my pussy. I felt her
finger press against my slit, and then it slid between my lips and entered my
tunnel. Shes fucking soaking. More laughter. Then more slaps. 

&nbsp;

After a few
minutes of torment at the hands of Fran I was passed on to Jennifer. She teased my hot skin by running her
fingernails across my bottom, then slowly ran her finger tip along the crease
of my bottom, tracing the line which lead inevitably to my hot pussy. As she teased my pussy lips she began to ask
her own brand of questions.

&nbsp;

How old were
you when you lost your cherry? What was
he like? When did you meet your
boyfriend? Did you let him fuck you
right away?

&nbsp;

The moment I
objected to any of her questions she started to slap my bottom, concentrating
on one cheek at a time, or delivering a series of stinging blows to the tops of
my legs, not stopping until I answered her, revealing all the intimate details
of my life to my young audience.

&nbsp;

After several
minutes with Jennifer, it was Clares turn.
The pattern had been set, and she delivered two or three sharp slaps to
my cheeks before staring her interrogation.

&nbsp;

How old were
you when you first let a boy touch your tits?
And your pussy? When did you
first suck a boy off? Who was the first
to see you naked? How old were you when you started to play with yourself? Tell me all about it. You like being watched when you play with
your pussy, dont you? When was the first time you did it in front of
people? I answered every appallingly
intrusive question, giving all the details they craved. They would laugh at certain details, such as when
I told them about using a candle to stimulate myself when I was a
teenager. Other times they would insult
me, call me vile names as they made me reveal details of how I exposed myself
when ordered to, or allowed my bottom to be used.

&nbsp;

Once they had all
had a go at punishing my poor bottom I was made to bring them off again. Then, after several hours of use and abuse, I
was allowed to dress and drive them home.
As I dropped Sharon off near her home she grinned nastily at me and
said, Im looking forward to tomorrow at school. Were going to have such fun, Alison! Her
laughter rang in my ears as she walked away from my car. I drove home in a state of near exhaustion,
desperate now to get to the end of term, desperate to leave the school and escape
this game which was now wildly out of my control.

&nbsp;

The following
morning I eagerly checked the day off my calendar. Thursday, I thought, End of term, next
Wednesday. Just five more days and Im
away! The thought cheered me
enormously. Even though I was in a state
of almost constant arousal, it all seemed forced and contrived. I felt jaded, as though I had experienced all
the depravities imaginable, and I wanted to return to normality. I thought of John, soon to be on his way back
from Australia. I thought of the flat we
would buy, of the fun wed have getting it just right. I was ready to leave.

&nbsp;

My drive to
work was overshadowed by the impending threat from Sharon and her gang. No flirting with workmen that morning. My heart was pounding as I drove through the
school gates and parked my car. As I
entered the school I saw Mrs. Roberts waiting.

&nbsp;

Ah, Alison,
just the person I wanted to see. Come
with me, would you. Without waiting for
a response from me she turned and made her way to the heads office. I followed
dumbly after her. She closed the door
behind us and then sat behind the large, polished desk. I remembered how the
headmaster had made me bend over that desk, after hed stripped me and spanked
my bottom. I felt my pussy tingle as I remembered how hed ran his fingers
across my pussy lips, chiding me for being wet, then brought me to orgasm,
before making me present myself for his pleasure. I shuddered at the thought.

&nbsp;

I was brought
sharply out of my reverie by Mrs. Roberts.

&nbsp;

Well now
Alison, I have a little job for you, just until the end of term. Think you can handle that? She smiled an acid smile at me.

&nbsp;

Well, what is
it? I stammered.

&nbsp;

Simple,
really. Even you should be able to cope
with this. Its just that we have a
group of fifth years, and theyre just about to leave the school, but we have
to put up with them until the end of term.
I want you to take them over to the annexe and keep them out of mischief
until next Wednesday, yes?

&nbsp;

How many of
them? I asked, fearing the answer.

&nbsp;

Just the
troublesome ones, fourteen of them in all.
Heres the list of names. 

&nbsp;

She handed me a
piece of paper. My heart sank at once.
She had just sentenced me to five days of pure hell. Not only was Adam and his friends on the
list, together with several other horrid boys, but Sharon and her gang were
also there. I was to be locked in a room with my tormentors until the end of
term.

&nbsp;

Gosh, they
really are all the trouble makers, arent they?
What do you want me to do with them?

&nbsp;

Just keep them
out of the way until we can throw them out next week. The rest of the staff are just about fed up
with their loutish behaviour. Do
whatever you need to do, just keep them over there with you. Got that?
I dont want to see or hear from any of your lot ever again,
understand?

&nbsp;

Er, yes, er, I
understand. Can I have any help?

&nbsp;

Good heavens
girl! Theyre only children! If you cant handle a few ignorant yobs on
your own then you dont have much of a future as a teacher. I cant spare any more staff on them, youll
just have to get on with it. Go on! Theyre waiting for you already.

&nbsp;

She ushered me
out of the office, a sly grin on her face.
I thought about making a run for it, just going back to my car and
driving away, never to come back. Then I
thought about my references. This was my
first teaching post. It wouldnt look
good if I ran away before the end of term, and if Margaret got wind of what had
been going on these past few days I could be in real trouble. I took a deep breath and made my way to the
annexe, a horrible concrete building in the corner of the school grounds. It was originally used to teach the most
difficult children, keeping them away from the rest. Then theyd taken the worst ones away to a
special unit and the annexe had been used for storage and the odd drama
class. Now it was mine!

&nbsp;

I paused at the
door, listening to the voices within, most of them familiar. I knew what I could expect. I reached out my hand nervously and opened
the door. There was a moment of
comparative silence as the occupants looked round to see who was intruding on
their private party, and then there was a cheer and I heard Adam laugh and say,
Come on in, Alison. Come and join the
party!

&nbsp;

There was a
chorus of laughter as I went inside and closed the door behind me.

&nbsp;

Now then, what
shall we do to entertain ourselves today?
Any ideas Miss?














Chapter 20

 
  HOME
   jim
  2
  2
  2007-02-10T00:01:00Z
  2007-02-10T00:01:00Z
  1
  6604
  37648
  John
  313
  88
  44164
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 20

&nbsp;

I made my way slowly to the front of the
class, avoiding making eye contact with any of them. They all fell silent, watching me
intently. I had no way of knowing how
many of the boys had been watching as Id been used the previous days. Perhaps some of them had even enjoyed
me? I felt my heart quicken. Sharon and her gang had stripped and
humiliated me in my own home the previous evening, and I didnt doubt for a moment
that everyone in the room knew all the sordid details of that episode.

&nbsp;

After what
seemed like an age I reached the front of the class and slowly turned to face
my tormentors. Fourteen eager faces were
focussed on me, each with a mocking smile and a knowing look. 

&nbsp;

I cleared my
throat nervously, then said, Right then, everyone, take your seats please, and
then we can start our work. My voice
sounded weak and small. They looked at
one another for a moment, then all burst into laughter.

&nbsp;

Shit! Thats a good one, Alison! Adam laughed.
The others laughed too. Work? Who
the fuck do you think youre talking to?
Were not here to work! Were
here to have some fun before the end of term next week, and then were out of
this shit heap!

&nbsp;

His words
struck me like a slap in the face. There
was to be no pretence, no games. He had
made himself perfectly clear. He had nothing but contempt for me, and left
everyone in no doubt who was in charge in the room. As the others continued to giggle, he sauntered
casually to the front of the class and stood just behind me. I felt his hand slip easily around my waist
and I suppressed a shudder of apprehension.
He spoke with total confidence, playing to the gallery, savouring the
moment.

&nbsp;

You didnt
really think you were going to make us work, did you? He sneered, What
fucking difference do you think it will make now even if we did? And do you think for a moment that were
going to listen to any more of your fucking boring shit about Shakespeare? Come
off it, Alison, even youre not that fucking
stupid! More laughter. I felt my face flush with shame and impotent
rage.

&nbsp;

No, I thought
wed just spend the next few days having a bit of fun, and then we can all get
out of this dump, ok?

&nbsp;

My mouth had
gone dry. I could feel my heart beating
against my chest. I knew what was
coming.

&nbsp;

So what are we
going to do for the next few days, hmm?
You got any ideas, Alison? You
dont mind if we call you Alison, do you?
He asked, sounding perfectly reasonable. I shook my head slightly, there
was another wave of giggles.

&nbsp;

You cant
think of anything that might be a bit of fun?
Alison you do disappoint me! He lectured. Some of the boys had slumped
into chairs, their feet up on the desks clearly enjoying the show, Sharon and
the other girls watched from the side of the room, sly grins on their
faces. I felt Adams hand snake around
my waist then begin to climb. His other
hand rested on my shoulder, then began to stroke my neck.

&nbsp;

Now lets see
if we cant come up with some way of keeping everyone happy for the next few
days. He chuckled. I felt panic rising in me.

&nbsp;

Please Adam,
not here, please. I whispered. Some of
the boys sniggered.

&nbsp;

Oh come on
now, Alison, dont be like that! Were
all friends here, you know. Now what do
you like to do with yourself, when youre not boring people stupid with all
that literature shit? More
laughter. I was unable to make any
response. I just stood there as he
stroked my neck, his other hand moving closer to my breasts.

&nbsp;

He slowly moved
his hand until it was resting on my ribs, just touching my left breast. Everyone in the room was watching intently,
the atmosphere was electric! Slowly, he
extended his thumb and ran it across my breast.
I made a soft whimpering sound, but didnt move. I felt utterly, deliciously humiliated, and I
knew there was more to come.

&nbsp;

Come on,
Alison, tell us what you like to do. He
urged. I made no response. Do you like to play games? Maybe some grown-up games, yes? There were more sniggers from the boys. I bet you do! I bet you like to play some really nice
games. Isnt that right, Alison?

&nbsp;

His hand
suddenly moved up and began to cup my breast, weighing it. I hung my head, not
wanting to look at my audience. His
other hand dropped and began to stroke my bottom. Shall we play some nice games, Alison? Would
you like to play some nice games with me and my friends, hmm? What do you say?

&nbsp;

His fingers
found my nipple, began to tease and stroke it.
I felt it begin to stiffen. The
classroom was totally silent. All eyes
on Adam as he played with my body, teasing and taunting me. My heart was hammering against my rib cage.

&nbsp;

Youve gone
very quiet. Come on, dont be shy. Would
you like to play some nice games, Alison?

&nbsp;

Please
Adam. Please dont. I whispered.

&nbsp;

Whod like to
see Alisons tits? He asked the
others. There were cheers and
laughs. Yeah! Lets get the games off to a nice start,
shall we? Why dont you get your tits
out then Alison, show everyone how friendly you are? 

&nbsp;

He giggled to
himself, then stood back and leant casually against the wall. I glanced up to see all of them watching
intently. I tried to swallow, but my
mouth had gone totally dry. I reached
for the top button on my blouse. My
hands were shaking so much I found it hard to open it. Finally it sprang open. There was a sibilant
hiss in the room as several of the boys muttered, Yes! I reached for the next button.

&nbsp;

I slowly opened
each button, moving ever lower until I had opened the last one. I glanced over at Adam, who grinned and
nodded at me. I took a deep breath, then
opened my blouse and pushed it off my shoulders. I let it fall down my arms, then I draped it
over the back of my chair. I stood there
feeling horribly exposed, but with the now familiar excitement coursing through
me.

&nbsp;

And the bra.
Adam barked. I reached behind me and
unfastened my bra, then removed it and placed it on top of my blouse. Then I hung my head in shame as I lowered my
arms and exposed my breasts for their amusement.

&nbsp;

Adam stepped
forward and reached round, cupping both breasts. I could feel his hot breath
on my neck. I felt sick. His thumbs circled my nipples, sending jolts
of pleasure though me. He pushed his hips
into my bottom, his stiff cock easily identifiable.

&nbsp;

There now,
isnt that much more friendly? He sniggered. Youve got nice tits, you should show them
off more. Who thinks Alisons got nice
tits? There was a chorus of agreement
and assent from the boys.

&nbsp;

What about you
girls? Dont you think shes got nice tits?
The girls giggled, then one of them said, Theyre all right, but
theyre not as big as Julies! Julie
squawked in shock and alarm, then they all laughed again.

&nbsp;

Who wants to
see the rest? Adam asked, calmly. Of
course all the boys immediately began to cheer and call for me to strip. Well there you go Alison, all the boys want
to see the rest of you, and you wouldnt want to disappoint them, now would
you? Another cheer. Adam stepped back again, leaving me to stand
alone at the front of the classroom. I
glanced at them again. Their eyes looked
at me hungrily. I was torn between
wanting to run away and needing to give in, to surrender to them completely.

&nbsp;

I reached
behind me, feeling for the catch of my skirt.
One of the girls laughed briefly, then the room was silent again. I fumbled with the catch, my fingers now
shaking so much it took four or five attempts before it was open. Then I lowered the zip and let it fall to the
floor. Several of the boys grunted as
they took in the sight of me standing before them wearing only my plain, white
knickers. I drew in another raged
breath, hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my knickers, then quickly pushed
them down over my hips. I pulled them down to my ankles and stepped out of
them, then I stood before them all, head bowed, stark naked.

&nbsp;

Now thats
much better Alison, dont you think so boys?
They all agreed. Youre much
happier when youre naked, arent you Alison?
The boys laughed. When I didnt
answer he delivered a stinging slap to my bottom, making me yelp. There was another burst of laughter from the
class, I said youre much happier when youre naked, arent you? Tell them
how much you like to show your body off, go on, tell them. And then he leaned in close and whispered
quietly in my ear, Unless you want me to smack your arse first?

&nbsp;

I like being
naked. I said hastily, I love letting people see my body.

&nbsp;

Yes, of course
you do. You like having your body played
with as well, dont you?

&nbsp;

Yes
Adam. I said, my voice barely audible.

&nbsp;

I tell you
what, why dont you lie on your desk here and then the boys can come and have a
feel? Youd like that, wouldnt you
Alison?

&nbsp;

I felt light
headed, unsteady. I knew Id do it, so
did Adam. They all did. Still there were gasps and murmurs as I sat
on the desk, then lay back.

&nbsp;

Good
girl. Now why dont you spread your legs
so we can all see what youve got? Oh,
and dont forget to invite everyone to came and have a feel will you Alison? He sniggered again. Feeling more ashamed than I ever thought
possible, I lay back on the desk, bent my knees and opened my thighs, exposing
myself to their eager eyes. Then I
closed my eyes and said If any of you want to touch me, go ahead. 

&nbsp;

There was a
moment of silence, then the room reverberated to the sound of chairs scraping on
the floor as the boys stood and moved forward.
In moments I felt fingers stroke my thighs, hesitantly at first, and
then with growing confidence. My thighs
were pulled even further apart and fingers began to stroke my pussy lips. I gasped as one slipped between my folds and
then I heard a voice say, Fucking hell, shes soaking!

&nbsp;

At that they
all wanted a feel and any number of fingers were busy tormenting me. There were
laughs and giggles as each of them felt how wet Id become, lewd and insulting
comments were made about my body. Hands
began to maul my breasts, rolling and pinching my nipples. I covered my face with my hands as they
discovered my clit and began to tease and torment it mercilessly. In moments I was writhing around on the desk,
driven half-insane by the fingers busily stimulating me. 

&nbsp;

I began to
thrust my hips up to meet the invading fingers, opening my lips still
further. Immediately I felt a finger
penetrate me, slipping effortlessly into my hot tunnel, followed by another and
then a third. I heard myself groan, then
flushed as they laughed at my arousal. A
finger and thumb closed on my clit, pinching it gently, then began to rub my
sensitive button, making me whimper like a shameless bitch. Two mouths closed on my breasts, sucking on
my nipples, the tongues flicking over them repeatedly.

&nbsp;

I couldnt
catch my breath. I was gasping and
moaning, writhing around on the desk lost in a torment of ecstasy. I was pushed further onto the desk, causing
my head to hang over the edge, and then I felt someone climbing between my
spread thighs. I opened my eyes to see
one of the boys positioning his cock at the entrance to my pussy. I felt my lips part to allow him entry, and
then he was pushing into me using determined strokes. He quickly settled into a strong rhythm,
driving his cock into me forcefully. His
classmates looked on, cheering and whistling.

&nbsp;

I heard myself
groan with each stroke, my whole body now on fire with desire. My head was pushed down over the edge of the
desk and a cock pressed against my mouth.
I immediately opened my lips and it slid in. I began to suck it hungrily, lashing my
tongue across the glans, feeling it twitch.
I reached up and took hold of the shaft, began to stroke it as I sucked
and licked. I heard its owner groan and
then it began to shoot into my mouth. I
swallowed as much as I could, but was soon overwhelmed and felt the hot, sticky
liquid run down my chin. The cock in my
pussy twitched and began to spurt inside me.
This was enough to drive me over the edge and I began to orgasm. I heard them laugh again as they watched me
climax, watched as I thrust my hips up to meet the cock inside me. 

&nbsp;

I lay there,
gasping and panting, recovering from a powerful orgasm. I felt the cock slip from my pussy and the
boy climbing off the desk. Immediately
another took his place and drove into me urgently. I just lay there as he pounded into me, too
shattered to even open my eyes to see who he was. Within moments he had climaxed, shooting into
me with a loud groan. I was pulled
around like a rag doll, turned over on the desk so that my bottom was presented
for them. And then another cock slipped
easily into me. Hands gripped my hips,
pinching painfully, pulling me back onto the latest cock, which drove into me
savagely.

&nbsp;

I lost count of
the number of times I was taken. I
seemed to have been bent over my desk for hours as cock after cock enjoyed
me. I glanced up to see the boys still
standing around me, laughing among themselves, making remarks about my body or
the performance of the boy currently enjoying me. I looked around to see that the girls were
sitting in the furthest corner from me, hardly paying any attention. 

&nbsp;

Finally, the
boys seemed to have been satisfied. As
another cock slipped from me there was the sound of feet shuffling away from
me. I glanced up to see the boys moving away, falling into seats, laughing,
pulling up trousers. I was completely
ignored. I stood up, my knees felt
weak, unsteady. I reached for my
clothes, began to pull my knickers on. 

&nbsp;

What the fuck
do you think youre doing? Sharon
barked from across the room. I jumped
with shock, dropping my clothes to the floor.

&nbsp;

I, er, I
thought that was it. I thought it was
all over, that I could get dressed now.
I stammered.

&nbsp;

Thought
fucking wrong, didnt you? She
snapped. The girls giggled, the boys
laughed again. I stood and looked at
her, not sure what to do, completely intimidated by this fifteen-year-old
girl. What makes you think only the
boys get to have some fun and games?
Weve got to have our turn now.
Before we do, though, I think you should go and wash your cunt out. I dont want you anywhere near me with all their come in you. Shit!
Just imagine if it leaked out, eugh!
Go to the toilets and wash it, now.

&nbsp;

My head still
spinning, I dutifully padded off to the toilets and began to wash my
pussy. It was most uncomfortable as
there was no hot water, and the feeling of the cold on my tender parts made me
shudder. Finally I was clean, and I
dried myself off as best I could with toilet paper before returning to the
class, and further humiliation. 

&nbsp;

Once again I
was made to lie on my desk. This time,
however, each girl took it in turns to slip her knickers off and sit astride my
face, lowering their pussies onto my mouth.
I was desperately uncomfortable.
The girls werent about to let the boys see their bodies, so they kept
their skirts on. I found it hard to
breathe, especially when they became aroused and drove their hips down onto my
face. It was clear most of them hadnt
washed that day, and their body odours were suffocating. Time after time I would use my tongue and
lips to bring one of them to climax, and then she would climb down and another
would take her turn.

&nbsp;

The boys
thought this cabaret highly amusing, calling encouragement to each girl, then
clapping and cheering when each climaxed.
There seemed to be no end to the number of girls I was required to
pleasure, and as I began to hope that my ordeal may end soon, I felt fingers
start to probe my pussy again. Soon I
felt a cock start to nudge against my lips. I opened my legs without being
told, allowing him easy access, and then I was being taken again.

&nbsp;

Time had ceased
to have any meaning for me. I had no
idea of the time, was only aware of the teenage pussy being ground onto my face
and the stiff cock pounding into me. I
thrust my tongue and my hips alternately, lost in the moment, ignoring the
cheers, whistles and comments from the audience. Finally, they stopped. The plump plain looking girl who had been
rubbing her pussy against my lips climaxed and then slowly climbed off me, her
face pink and flushed. I drew in deep
lungs full of air and waited for Dennis, a small weasel-like boy to finish
taking me. With a shudder he climaxed
inside me then climbed off me without a word.

&nbsp;

I lay there,
too exhausted to move as they chatted among themselves. Then Adam said, Well, that was very nice,
Alison, very nice indeed. And now I
think well be going. See you tomorrow.

&nbsp;

I was suddenly
roused from my stupor. I quickly got to
my feet, Going? What do you mean
going? Where are you going? You cant just go.

&nbsp;

They all paused
for a moment on their way to the door, then continued on their way. Only Adam
stopped and walked back to me. Weve
had enough of you, weve all had a couple of goes, and now were bored. So were going off to do something
interesting, see?

&nbsp;

B, but you
cant. I stammered, What if Mrs.
Roberts finds out? Well all be in
trouble, wont we?

&nbsp;

Who gives a
fuck? Were leaving in a few days. What can she do to us? He grinned at me, then reached out and
pinched my nipple before winking at me and saying, See you tomorrow. Then he casually sauntered from the room,
leaving me standing, stark naked and alone in my classroom.

&nbsp;

I was lost for
words, unable to summon them back, powerless to anything other than watch my
entire class walk casually away. I was
exhausted, I could still smell and taste the girls juices and could feel my
pussy slick with their jism. I shuddered
with a mixture of lust and revulsion and reached hurriedly for my clothes. As I picked up the last of them I heard a
familiar voice.

&nbsp;

My, my. You have been busy this morning, havent
you? Couldnt you wait for lunch time,
then?

&nbsp;

I turned to
face Mr. Bridges, the caretaker, who was grinning broadly.

&nbsp;

I, er, well,
I

&nbsp;

Dont bother
to deny it, Ive watched it all. I was
just starting my tasks for the day, when I happened to glance through your
classroom window, and what did I see?
Young Stuart giving you a bit of a feel up while the others
watched. And then you were stripping off
and they were all at you, girls included.
It was quite a show, I can tell you.
And then they all just wandered off.
I dont think Mrs. Roberts would be terribly impressed, do you? As he spoke he walked casually over to me and
took my clothes out of my hands, throwing them over a chair. Then he reached out and began to stroke my
breasts, lingering over each nipple, rolling it, pinching it gently.

&nbsp;

P,p, please,
Mr. Bridges. I stammered.

&nbsp;

Please dont
tell Mrs. Roberts? Is that what you were going to say? Well now, that all depends, doesnt it? He grinned at me, still playing with my
breasts. Depends on how much of a
friend youre going to be to me. Ill do pretty much anything for a friend, you
know. How about you?

&nbsp;

Y, y,
yes. Yes, of course, Mr. Bridges. I mean, Id like to be your friend.

&nbsp;

Nice. What
will you do to prove to me that youre my friend, then Alison?

&nbsp;

Anything. Anything you like, Mr. Bridges. I promise.

&nbsp;

He chuckled to
himself. Ive always liked the look of
your arse, you know Alison. Always liked
the way it swayed. How would it be if I
fucked your arse, Alison? Would you like
that?

&nbsp;

My stomach
turned somersaults at the thought of this horrible man using me again, but I
realised I was cornered. Yes Mr.
Bridges. I mumbled.

&nbsp;

Get over the
desk then. He barked.

&nbsp;

I bent over the
desk, pushing my bottom up towards him.
I heard him fumbling with the zip of his trousers, and then felt his
cock pressing against my back door. I
relaxed as much as I could, trying to ignore the growing feeling of nausea as
he began to penetrate me. He grabbed
hold of my hips, pulling me back onto his cock, impaling me on his hot
weapon. His hands slipped up my body,
groped my breasts, pinched my nipples painfully. His hot, smelly breath seemed to envelop me,
his body odour was revolting. I closed
my eyes and tried to block out what was happening, wishing him to finish.

&nbsp;

What in the
name of God is going on here? A voice
barked. My eyes opened wide in shock and
horror. Margaret Roberts stood in the
doorway of the classroom, a look of horror on her face.

&nbsp;

Mr. Bridges
immediately pulled his cock from me, turning his back to the door and stuffing
it back into his trousers before turning back to her and saying, I am so sorry, Mrs. Roberts, I dont know
what came over me. I came in here to
check on the plumbing and she was here on her own. Then she started making up to me, asking me
all sorts of things. Then she said shed
always admired me, said shed always found me attractive.

&nbsp;

I listened in
horror and amazement as that dirty old bastard made out Id seduced him. Now just a moment I stammered.

&nbsp;

Be quiet Miss
Richards. She barked. Mr. Bridges here has served this school
faithfully for over twenty years. He has
always been thoroughly professional, whereas you, on the other hand, have been
here five minutes and youre already immersed in all sorts of obscene
acts. Oh yes, Ive heard the rumours
about what you get up to with some of the students. So dont think for a moment that Im in any
way inclined to believe a word you say.
Put some clothes on for goodness sake!
Mr. Bridges, you may leave. Miss
Richards, when you think you are fit to be seen around school, come to my
office.

&nbsp;

She turned and
strode from the room. Bridges sniggered
as he walked past me, then patted my bottom and walked from the room. I quickly pulled on my knickers and bra, put
on my skirt and blouse and made my way to Margarets office, a feeling of dread
building in me. I hesitated at the door
to her office, dreading what could happen next.
Finally I summoned up the courage and knocked gently on the door.

&nbsp;

Enter! Her voice called, imperiously. I took a deep breath and opened the door.

&nbsp;

Ah there you
are! What took you so long?

&nbsp;

Im sorry
Margaret, er I mean, Mrs. Roberts, I had to er, answer a call of nature. I stammered.

&nbsp;

She looked at
me over the rim of her glasses, disgust written all over her face. Well, you really have distinguished yourself
this morning, havent you? Cavorting
around naked in your own classroom, engaging in the most shameful and
disgusting acts with a man old enough to be your father. What if your students had entered the room? She was clearly enjoying herself. I simply stood there and let her pour her
scorn on me. And where are your
students by the way?

&nbsp;

I, er dont
know, Mrs. Roberts

&nbsp;

You dont
know? She echoed, incredulously. A whole class of fifth years you are
supposed to be teaching, and you dont know where they are?

&nbsp;

No Mrs.
Roberts.

&nbsp;

She cackled to
herself. You really are the most
hopelessly incompetent teacher Ive ever encountered. I cant imagine why the headmaster kept you
on. It certainly wasnt for your
teaching skills, Im sure! She said snidely.
Perhaps he had other uses for you?
She looked at me quizzically.

&nbsp;

I dont know
what you mean. I said, hoping against
hope that she would drop the subject.

&nbsp;

Oh yes you
do! If the stories about what you get up
to with some of the children here are true, you know exactly what I mean, dont you?

&nbsp;

I could hear my
heart beating erratically. I was lost
for words, unable to think of an appropriate reply. She watched me like some sort of predator. Finally she broke the silence.

&nbsp;

Well, it
doesnt really matter any more, does it?
Theres no way I can allow you to carry on working at this school, even
for the last few days of term. You have
shown yourself to be incapable of performing even the most basic tasks, and
there are too many tales of your outrageous acts for there to be the slightest
doubt that you are singularly unfit to be a teacher. I want you to clear your things and be out of
here by the end of the day. Never to return.
Is that clear?

&nbsp;

I felt
disbelief flood though me. I was
actually being sprung from this place several days early! I tried not to look too happy at the prospect
of leaving there, nodded and said simply, Yes Mrs. Roberts. Thank you.
I turned to leave, but I had been far too optimistic.

&nbsp;

Wait just a
moment. She barked. I turned to face her once more. She had a
thin, sadistic smile on her face.
Dismissing you may solve the problem of your incompetence and
unsuitability, young lady. But there are other issues which need to be
addressed.

&nbsp;

I dont
understand. I mumbled.

&nbsp;

Dont
you? There are many, many stories
circulating in the school about your activities with certain students here.
Shall I go on?

&nbsp;

I wouldnt pay
any attention to rumours, Mrs. Roberts!
I smiled, trying desperately to make a joke out of the situation, I
mean, you know better than me what children are like.

&nbsp;

I do indeed,
but these are of a persistent and persuasive nature. Shall I elaborate?

&nbsp;

I, er

&nbsp;

You have had
sexual relations with a number of male students in this school. You have allowed them to make free use of
your body, in the most deprived ways, and allowed other boys to watch while you
debased yourself. Do you deny it? She snapped.

&nbsp;

I, er, I mean,
look, Margaret, please 

&nbsp;

In the boys
changing room, wasnt it? At lunch
time? You, stark naked save for a
blindfold, several boys using you before an audience of several more, and Mr.
Bridges also joining in the fun. That
was how it went, wasnt it? She smiled
at me. I was completely
tongue-tied. You see, it wasnt as
private as you had hoped!

&nbsp;

The realisation
dawned on me. She had somehow been
there, had seen everything. A very real
fear ran through me. What I had done was
criminal. I could be sent to prison. I felt my mouth go dry.

&nbsp;

Look,
Margaret, I mean Mrs. Roberts, Im really, really sorry. Why dont I just leave here, leave the area
completely? No one need ever know, surely?

&nbsp;

She smiled
again. But that puts me in an extremely
difficult position, professionally. I am
in a position of trust, a guardian of the children here. They are in my care,
and I have seen them being abused and exploited with my own eyes, by a member
of staff. Surely you cant expect me to just ignore that?

&nbsp;

I, er

&nbsp;

What kind of a
teacher would I be if I simply allowed a child abuser to walk away, perhaps to
another school, to begin abusing again?

&nbsp;

Oh no! No,
Margaret, I promise I would never do that again. Really, you have to believe me. I know it was completely wrong of me, and I
regret it, I really do, but it was just very, very poor judgement, thats all,
I promise. This was my first teaching
post, and Ive had such a difficult time in my personal life lately, what with
my fiance working abroad and so on. I
would never, ever do such a thing again, I swear. I gushed, hoping to persuade her.

&nbsp;

Well,
possibly. But even if I were to agree to
turn a blind eye as the saying goes, I would still have to live with the
knowledge, and guilt, of what Ive seen, wouldnt I?

&nbsp;

Yes,
Margaret. I suppose so. If there was any way I could lessen that
guilt, make it easier for you to bear, you know I would. I was practically begging now.

&nbsp;

Perhaps there
is. She smiled at me.

&nbsp;

How? Tell me what I could do to make it easier for
you, please Margaret.

&nbsp;

Perhaps if you
were to start by telling me what went on between you and the head
teacher? She smiled again. I knew what I had to do. She wanted to have some dirt on the old man,
and I could provide it. In doing so I
would get myself off the hook. I didnt
hesitate. I began at once to tell her
about how I had gone in to help him sort out his papers, and how hed been able
to see down my blouse or up my skirt from time to time. She grinned with delight as I related how he
would let his hand slip across my bottom as he showed me to the door of his
office.

&nbsp;

And you didnt
object?

&nbsp;

No. I found it flattering. I lied.
I found him attractive. Almost like a father figure. It was what she wanted to hear.

&nbsp;

Go on.

&nbsp;

I told her how
Id dropped the papers and swore. How the headmaster had been outraged, and how
I had begged him not to dismiss me, but to punish me another way instead.

&nbsp;

And how did he
punish you? She asked, eagerly.

&nbsp;

He spanked
me. I said simply. Then I had to relate how Id undressed for
him, how Id taken off my dress because it was too tight a fit to lift over my
hips.

&nbsp;

And you ended
up completely naked?

&nbsp;

Yes.

&nbsp;

Then perhaps
you should demonstrate to me how you looked that afternoon? She phrased it as a question, but there was
no doubt in my mind that it was an instruction.

&nbsp;

Yes, Mrs.
Roberts. I said simply, then began to
undress. She watched me with hungry eyes
as I took off my blouse and lay it on a chair, dropped my bra on top of it,
then slipped off my skirt and knickers. In moments I was stark naked in front
of her.

&nbsp;

Cary on with
your sordid little tale. She demanded,
a sneer in her voice. I continued,
telling her how he placed me over his knee and spanked me, and then how he
slipped his hand between my legs and found how wet I was.

&nbsp;

You mean you
like to have your backside punished in such a humiliating way? You disgraceful, dirty little girl, how could
you?

&nbsp;

I hung my head
in shame, then related how he had found my clit and played with it until I had
climaxed. She looked at me with
contempt. I told her how I had been made to stand before him while he
examined my entire body, and finally how I had bent over his desk, presenting
myself for his amusement, and how he had taken his pleasure with me. As I
finished she smiled triumphantly.

&nbsp;

And so you
agreed to be his little plaything for the rest of the term. So tell me, how many times did you and he ?

&nbsp;

Just that
once. I said hurriedly. That was on a Friday, and he was away after that. I only ever went to him once, I promise.

&nbsp;

She stood and
began to walk around me, scrutinising my body.
Without warning I felt her dry, bony hand run across my bottom.

&nbsp;

Yes, I bet the
old goat thoroughly enjoyed playing with you.
Youre just his type. Young,
impressionable, easy to manipulate. I
bet he enjoyed your bald little quim too, didnt he? She laughed, not waiting for an answer. She ran her hands over my breasts, my nipples
responded immediately, then she stood back and looked me up and down, her eyes
lingering on my shaven mound. 

&nbsp;

So you were
willing to do anything he wanted just to keep your job? And what about now? What are you willing to do to save your
miserable skin from prosecution? She
asked. She was clearly enjoying herself
enormously. I felt totally at her
mercy. I swallowed nervously.

&nbsp;

Anything. I
said simply. Ill do anything you say.
Anything at all. She smiled
happily.

&nbsp;

Yes, I know
you will, Alison. Well I think Id like
to have some similar fun with you as he did!
She grinned. Id like you to
position yourself over that desk, and Ill chastise you. Do you have a problem with that? I was surprised by her demand, but agreed at
once.

&nbsp;

No, Mrs.
Roberts. Of course, Mrs. Roberts. 

&nbsp;

I immediately
positioned myself over the desk, my bottom presented perfectly for her. I could hear her rummaging around in a
cupboard at the back of her office, but I couldnt see what she was doing. Then I heard her say Ah yes! Here we are, the very thing! After a moments pause there was a swishing
sound which reverberated around the room.
For a moment I didnt recognise it, and then it dawned on me what it
was. With a sickening clarity I realised what shed been looking for. I stood up and faced her at once. She was holding a long, thin cane, her face
flushed with malice.

&nbsp;

Come now
Alison, dont be shy! She grinned.

&nbsp;

I backed
away. You cant use that thing on me,
Margaret. I wont let you.

&nbsp;

Is that a
fact? Very well then, Ill just go and
pay a visit to the local police and tell them what I saw in the changing room
the other day. Would you like me to do
that?

&nbsp;

No! Margaret no, please, theres no need to do
that. I thought wed agreed.

&nbsp;

I thought so
too, Alison. But now it seems that youre not going to keep your side of the
bargain, so theres no need for me to keep mine, is there?

&nbsp;

I looked at
her. There was no doubt that the old
bitch would do it if I didnt play her game.
No, wait! Youre right. Im sorry. Please. I begged.

&nbsp;

Well then, I
think you need to go back over that desk, dont you Alison?

&nbsp;

Yes Mrs.
Roberts. I said sadly. There was no
escape. I knew Id suffer whatever she
inflicted without complaint or refusal.
Anything else and shed report me to the police. I went with the utmost reluctance to the desk
and bent over it. I heard her chuckle to
herself, then she stood behind me. I
felt the cool, smooth surface of the cane rest against my naked bottom for a
moment, and then it hit me with astonishing force, right across the middle of
each cheek.

&nbsp;

For a moment I
didnt feel anything, and then a hot, searing pain tore through my flesh. It was like nothing Id ever felt
before. I shrieked in pain and leapt to
my feet, clutching my burning bottom and hopping from one foot to the other,
desperately trying to ease the pain. I
glanced at he and she looked delighted.

&nbsp;

Excellent,
excellent! She beamed as I danced
around. Thats just how it should feel,
my girl. Now back over the desk with
you. Theres plenty more to come
yet! 

&nbsp;

Without
thinking I bent over the desk again, still rubbing my cheeks. She pulled my hands away and I felt the cane
positioned once again. And then she
delivered the second blow, which struck me at the very top of my thighs. I shrieked again and danced again, much to
her delight, then she grabbed hold of my arm and forced me to turn back to the
desk. She pushed me forward, back into
position, and once again pulled my hands away from my seared flesh.

&nbsp;

I quickly lost
count of the blows she delivered. Each
one tore through me, delivering awful pain.
Soon I was crying desperately for relief, begging her to stop. She paid no attention to me. When I stood up and began to rub my burning
skin she snapped at me, Get back across that desk you little trollop. Im going to give you a lesson youll never
forget. Now repeat after me: Im a silly little girl.

&nbsp;

I fell back
across the desk and sobbed, Im a silly little girl., before another stinging
blow from the cane. And then another. And another. My entire bottom felt like it was on
fire. I gasped and sobbed as each brutal
blow cut into my tender flesh. By the
time she had finished I was crying uncontrollably, begging for her to stop.

&nbsp;

Finally, she
stopped. The room was silent except for
the sounds of my sobs and sniffing. I
felt her thin, bony hand touch my tender skin and flinched as she ran her hand
over my burning bottom. She cackled to
herself as I wriggled in misery and discomfort.

&nbsp;

Right then,
get dressed. She barked at me. I stood up slowly, my legs shaking. I walked unsteadily to the chair where I had
left my clothes and pulled on my bra. Then I slipped my skirt on and gasped as
the fabric touched my bottom. She giggled
at that, then watched as I pulled on my blouse and slowly fastened the
buttons. Then I stood before her.

&nbsp;

Havent you
forgotten something?

&nbsp;

I looked at
her, puzzled.

&nbsp;

Your knickers,
girl! She snapped, You cant go out
without any knickers on! I know what a dirty, immoral little tramp you are, but
I simply will not allow you to go about in this school without knickers. Now put them on.

&nbsp;

I wriggled into
them as best as I could, trying to avoid them touching my bottom cheeks. As soon as they were on she made me stand
before her again. She looked me up and
down again, then moved towards me.

&nbsp;

Goodness girl,
you are a mess. She laughed as she
looked at my tear-stained face. Then she
gave me a crisp smack on the bottom. I
yelled with pain and she chuckled again.

&nbsp;

Now I think
its time for you to leave here. Dont
ever think of coming back, do you understand?

&nbsp;

Yes, Mrs.
Roberts. I said, my voice cracked and
uneven. I left her office and went
straight to my car. I didnt have many
possessions at the school, and decided that I couldnt be bothered to retrieve
them. I simply wanted to be away from
there as soon as possible. Without
thinking I sat down in the car. I gasped
as my flesh shrieked in protest. I
positioned myself as best I could, trying to minimise the pressure on my
tormented body, then began the long drive home. 

&nbsp;

The journey
home was the most uncomfortable Ive ever experienced. My bottom felt as if I had been branded, and
this set the nerve endings in the rest of my body jangling. By the time I finally arrived home it was all
I could do to climb the stairs to my flat and throw myself onto the bed, face
down of course! After a time I got up
and went to the bathroom. I picked up a
jar of cold cream and returned to my room, where I took off my skirt and
carefully peeled down my knickers. 

&nbsp;

I gently
massaged the cream onto my burning skin, then glanced at myself in the
mirror. My face was puffy and my eyes
swollen and red. I turned and examined
my bottom in the mirror and saw that is was criss-crossed with cane marks, my
skin covered with ugly red lines where the old bitch had beaten me. Burning with an impotent rage, I lay face
down on the bed again and finally drifted into an exhausted sleep. When I woke it was late evening outside. My whole body complained as I stood up, and
when I examined my bottom in the mirror again I saw that my cheeks now
resembled ripe, red tomatoes which had been cooked on a griddle! I cursed the old woman once more, then went
in search of a bottle of wine.

&nbsp;

Soon I was
feeling much better as the effects of the wine numbed some of the pain and
soothed my shattered nerves. I took stock.
I was now out of a job! I had
finished work several days early and I was free of people like the awful Mr. Bridges,
but I still had Alan, Adam, granddad and the rest to deal with. I thought with a shudder what Adam and
granddad would do if they found out about my caning. I could just imagine both of them wanting to
try it out on me. I decided immediately
that my treatment at the hands of that repulsive old woman was positively,
definitely and absolutely the last time that anyone was going to come near me
with a cane. Then I remembered that Adam
had the same hold over me as Margaret had, namely the threat of the police. What if he and granddad decided to use that
threat? What if they decided it would be
fun to cane me too? There was no way I
could hide it from them. The marks left
by the old bitch would last for days, and I knew that once Adam found out Id
been sacked from the school hed be over to gloat and amuse himself at my expense.
I was moving quickly to a conclusion.

&nbsp;

I decided that
I should move at once. Only by moving
away could I hope to get away from the whole scene I had helped to create. I telephoned John in Australia. He sounded so pleased to hear my voice I
almost cried! I asked him if there was any chance I could move into our new
place early.

&nbsp;

I dont see
why not, love, but why? Is there
anything wrong?

&nbsp;

No, of course
not my darling, everythings fine. I was
talking to the acting head today, shes such a lovely woman, and she said that
they could manage without me for the last few days, if I wanted to get my move
sorted out. So theyve given me the last
few days of term off, see? So I can move
down right away!

&nbsp;

Thats great
sweetheart! Theres only one problem;
Im going to be delayed by the best part of a month, Im afraid. So youll be there on your own. Can you cope with that, or would you be
better with Alan and Sally for company? 

&nbsp;

Ill cope
fine. I said, trying not to sound to
eager to get away from Alan. Ill move
down tomorrow, and Ill start shopping for curtains and other things right
away! I heard John chuckle happily.

&nbsp;

I wondered how
long it would be before you started to spend money!

&nbsp;

You know me,
darling! Theres always something to
spend it on!

&nbsp;

We chatted
happily for over an hour. By the time I finally said goodnight to him my mind
was made up. I would pack my clothes and
things up and set off as soon as I could.
The furniture in my flat belonged to my landlord, so all I had to pack
were my clothes and a few small items. I
toasted my new life alone in my flat, and tried to recount all of the
outrageous things Id done since that fateful evening with Alan. It seemed such a long time ago, and Id done
so many things. 

&nbsp;

As I remembered
the different episodes I became more and more incredulous. How could little old me have done so many
incredibly rude things? I laughed to
myself. It just wasnt me! I was sensible, reliable Alison, not some
racy chick who dropped her knickers for anyone!
I marvelled at all of the things Id done. It was hard to believe that Id gone into
this game so willingly. I remembered how
exciting it had seemed, how many times Id had the most powerful orgasms
imaginable. Then I remembered how Id been
coerced, persuaded, even blackmailed into being a pleasure toy for so many men,
men who had enjoyed shaming and humiliating me.
I shuddered at the thought of it all.

&nbsp;

I wandered
around my flat, surrounded by memories of my alternative life. The living room, where I first stripped for
Alan, and later for Neil. The bedroom
where Alan had first spanked me, and where I had stripped for Adam. The kitchen, where I had surrendered to Alan
that first time. So many memories, but
unlike other occasions, the memories didnt arouse me. It was like watching a movie of someone
elses life. I fetched my suitcases and
began to pack my clothes, my body still complaining at the excesses of the day
before. By midnight Id finished. All my belongings packed and ready to
go. I poured myself another glass of
wine and thought about Alan, and what to do about him. I decided to write him a letter.

&nbsp;

Dear Alan,


I had a little chat with Margaret Roberts today, and we agreed that I
should leave the school at once  an early start to my summer holidays you
could say! I spoke to John this evening,
and theres no problem with me moving into our new place right away, so I
thought why not?

&nbsp;

I hope you dont mind me leaving like this, but
neither of us are the type for long goodbyes.
The last few weeks have been, how shall I put this, remarkable! But now I need to move on, as we agreed.

&nbsp;

Give my love to Sally.


&nbsp;

Regards.

&nbsp;

Alison.

&nbsp;

The following morning I left the note on
his pillow, dragged my bags and suitcases down to the car and set off just
after the morning rush hour ended. By
late afternoon I had arrived at the house John and I would be living in. I went for a drive round the area, and
stocked up on food and drink, then I went to a furniture store and began to
order the things wed need.

&nbsp;

That evening,
after I had spoken to John again, I reflected once more on what Id done. As I looked back from the safety of my new
home, it seemed even less believable than it had before! As the days slipped by, so the memory of my
game with Alan seemed to diminish. I was
becoming me again. The marks on my
bottom began to fade, and my skin grew less sensitive. I stopped shaving my
pubic hair, and even savoured the itching I experienced as it began to
re-grow. After a few days it occurred to
me that I hadnt had any kind of sexual experience since Id left my
classroom! I simply wasnt the sex-mad
creature Id been!

&nbsp;

By the time
John arrived back from Australia I felt I had cleansed Alan and everything
about the game from me. As I threw my
arms around Johns neck at the airport and kissed him, I knew I was back to the
Alison Id been when hed left me.

&nbsp;

That night we
made love with a warmth and passion I had never felt in any of my encounters
with Alan and the rest. As I lay next to
John afterwards I realised the real difference between making love and having
sex. I smiled to myself, then snuggled into him, savouring the warmth of his
body, reassured by his presence.

&nbsp;

The end.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alison Richards


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





