BDSM Library - Small compensations




Small compensations
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Natalia Firenze, an Italian Judge, hides in a small American villeage an has to pay a price...Small compensations   
The news spread all over Italy in seconds. Miss Natalia Firenze, the famous
  judge in the case against Mafia Boss Mario Botto, El signore, was dead. The
  media immediately suspected his hand behind her accident. Only three days before
  her death, a commando of 40 armed men had rescued their boss assaulting the
  jail, leaving behind them 17 death guards and more the one hundred injured.  
The connection seemed clear. But Botto was the first surprised, he was so
  surprised he offered 5 million Euro for anybody finding Miss Firenze, dead
  or alive.  
Hundreds, no, thousand of people started searching the small hold and the
  sea where her little vessel exploded. Deficient fuel system, said the police
  investigations; a real accident. But no one believed. And they were right.
  Natalia was neither dead, nor in Botto's hands.  
As soon as she heard about Botto's escape, she knew her live was threatened.
  Knowing about the dangers of being Judge in Italy she never founded a family
  so when it came to flee she could do without hesitations, and what better place
  to hide than Death. She faked her own death and escaped to the States with
  a false Passport. Miss Marilyn Noone, being her English good enough to fool
  everybody. There she decided to hide in a small village and to start another
  life, far away from media, fame and Italy.  
When she was young a lot of boys and men fancied her, but she never indulged.
  She was to be judge. Her beauty helped her to become a media star, cause she
  really was pretty: 6 feet tall, long, black hair a slim waist and generous
  hips. And an angel face. Her present 36 years only enhanced her beauties conferring
  some maturity to it. She was the most know Judge all over Italy.  
Lost between Fort Worth and Wichita, there was a small town called Petersville.
  The perfect place to start a new life, or perhaps not. She came to Petersville
  as a widow hiding away from her pain, as a mother who had lost both her kids
  and her husband in a car accident. As somebody with no past wanting to start
  again.  
After two weeks she was completely installed. Even she didn't need a job
  cause &lsquo;the live insurance' had been high, as she explained, she accepted
  a job in a bank, just to live a normal life.  
Everything would have been fine 20 years ago, but in the cyber-era, even
  in Petersville they had internet.  
It was Phil, the Mayor's teen son, who first noticed. He was quite a nerd,
  and therefore unpopular between the girls. That let him with enormous amounts
  of time to search the web. And a beauty as Miss Firenze had caught his eye.
  When he first saw her on the screen he looked for nude pics of her in the internet,
  but there were none. When he saw Miss Noone he vaguely remembered something.
  Before doing anything wrong he secretly took a photo of Miss Noone and loaded
  it down. Than he remembered, and there was no doubt: It was the same person.
  5 million Euro. He jumped in his room. He was so nervous he couldn't even sleep.  
Next morning after school he talked to his best (and only) friend, Frank.
  A nerd like him.  
&ldquo;Are you absolutely sure it is one and the same woman&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Look by yourself, what do you think&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yeah, it seems, but if we are wrong, we are not rich, but dead&rdquo;  
Phil too, was afraid of the Mafia. &ldquo;Lets test her&rdquo; he suggested &ldquo;&hellip;and
  we'll know&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Great&rdquo; exclaimed Frank &ldquo;but how&rdquo;?  
At five O'clock Phil and Frank were waiting in front of the bank. Natalia
  went out and headed toward her home, the boys ran and positioned themselves
  on each side.  
&ldquo;Miss Noone, we would like to talk to you&hellip;&rdquo; started Phil.  
&ldquo;What is it?&rdquo; Natalia asked friendly, without stopping.  
&ldquo;Well it's quite private&rdquo; answered Frank &ldquo;I think we should
  wait till you are home&rdquo;  
&ldquo;And why should I invite you into my home&rdquo; a still friendly Natalia
  retorted.  
&ldquo;Cause we are about to win 5 million Euro and you work in a Bank&hellip;&rdquo; The
  stroke hit. Fully.  
After some seconds she regained her composure, but it had been time enough
  for Phil and Frank to know the truth.  
In Natalia's home the silent was oppressive. She had made herself a coffee
  and some hot chocolate for the boys. &ldquo;What do you want&rdquo; she finally
  asked.  
&ldquo;Well, at first we just wanted to be sure, but now we see you are nice
  and&hellip;&rdquo;  
Phil let his sentence unfinished.  
&ldquo;You are nice and pretty&hellip;&rdquo; It was Frank who tried to talk.  
&ldquo;Boys, you better keep your hands off, you don't know the Mafia and
  I swore you it's better for you to stay like this. Natalia had again the upper
  hand, and soon after the boys left, discouraged.  
&ldquo;But we are saving her ass&rdquo; Phil said once they were again home  
&ldquo;Yeah, her nice ass&rdquo; agreed Frank.  
&ldquo;Did you notice how pretty she really is?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Of course I did, she is a knock out&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I think that she should be really friendly to us, after all, we are
  saving her ass&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yeah, really friendly and it's only a small compensation&hellip;&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Miss Noone&rdquo; called Phil &ldquo;do you have a moment&rdquo;.  
Natalia, fearing the worst, stopped dead &ldquo;Yes?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Can we have another chocolate at your home?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yes, of course, your are welcome&rdquo; Natalia was visibly relieved.  
When opening her door Frank gave her a small pat on the ass &lsquo;you first'
  he said.  
Angrily she looked at him: &ldquo;Don't you dare to touch me again, you creep&rdquo;  
&ldquo;But, but, but&hellip;&rdquo; coolly answered Frank &ldquo;&hellip;we
  are saving your ass. I think it's only a small compensation if we get a piece
  of what we are saving&rdquo; And adding his hands to his words he patted her
  again. Her ass was soft and smooth.  
She slapped his face.  
&ldquo;You'll regret it, you bitch, you are dead&rdquo; And slamming the
  door he left.  
In panic Miss Firenze followed him. &ldquo;I'm sorry, really I'm sorry. It
  was a stupid reaction&rdquo; Frank was still walking away. &ldquo;You are right,
  I think you've earned yourself a small compensation&hellip;&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Your ass&rdquo; interrupted Frank.  
&ldquo;Yes, my ass&rdquo; Natalia was hysterical. If she didn't stop this
  guy she was dead, or worse.  
Frank stopped &ldquo;You agree that your ass is only a small compensation
  and that it's free for us&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yes, yes, you can pat me whenever you want, but please don't phone
  Botto&rdquo;  
Frank's angry face became sunny. He turned around, took Miss Firenze by her
  waist and went back to her home. This time when they entered he did not slap,
  but fondle her behinds. Her warm, soft flesh, it was the best ass he ever touched.
  She let it happen, ashamed.  
Phil was waiting inside. As soon as he saw Frank's hand on her butt he knew
  they were getting a piece, he couldn't wait to get his hands on her.  
The whole time Miss Firenze spent doing the hot chocolate, Phil and Frank
  stood next to her, fondling and squeezing her ass. Both spotted hard erections.  
This time it was Phil who risked more and when she was carrying the two hot
  chocolates to the table he cupped both her tits from behind. &ldquo;Hey, Phil&rdquo; she
  shouted &ldquo;don't overdo things&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Miss Noone, or should I call you Miss Firenze, don't you think it's
  only a small compensation feeling you up.&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yeah, do you think your body is 5 million Euro worth?&rdquo; Frank
  asked. His hand was on her cunt now.  
She was still standing, like paralyzed, in her own living, sandwiched between
  two horny and hyperactive teens.  
&ldquo;I think you should not protest being felt up, it a small price to
  stay alive.&rdquo; Phil added.  
&ldquo;But I'm not a whore&hellip;&rdquo;  
&ldquo;I think you are a 5 million whore, but a whore after all&hellip;&rdquo; started
  Frank, pressing harder against her slit.  
&ldquo;Our whore&rdquo; triumphant interrupted Phil squeezing her boobs.  
 &ldquo;No, don't talk like this. I don't like &hellip;&rdquo; Natalia was
  each time more afraid. She couldn't accept being a whore for these two nerds,
  but she couldn't risk them to phone Botto.  
&ldquo;Miss Firenze, I think we should clarify the compensation we'll get
  for saving your ass&rdquo; started Phil &ldquo;I think you being our whore
  is only a small compensation, but a compensation at all&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Yeah. ..but if you prefer&rdquo; interrupted Frank &ldquo;we cash
  5 million Euro and have other whores, younger&hellip;&rdquo;  
&ldquo;What do you mean by being your whore?&rdquo; Natalia asked in a low
  voice.  
&ldquo;Be ours&rdquo;, &ldquo;be our doll&rdquo;, &ldquo;take care of our
  cocks&rdquo;, &ldquo;let us touch you&rdquo;, &ldquo;&hellip;see you&rdquo;, &ldquo;..fuck..&rdquo;.
  The answers spurted out. Incoherently, but clear for Natalia. They didn't want
  a whore, they wanted a slave.  
She couldn't accept these terms. She tried her last bluff.  
&ldquo;It seems you are thinking with your dicks. Do you really believe El
  signore will pay you kids 5 million Euro?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;If we are thinking with our cocks you should be caring for them&rdquo; answered
  Frank &ldquo;and I don't know if that guy is going to pay us, but for sure
  he is going to kill you. Yeah, for sure. So if you want to stay alive stay
  here for me to finger your slit and take care of my cock&rdquo; Frank was now
  massaging her cunt for all he was worth.  
&ldquo;Take care of your brain, Frank, of your brain&rdquo; joked Phil.  
Natalia was destroyed. The nerd was right.  
There she stood, a 36 years old woman, renowned judge, dressed (as a good
  widow) in black. She wore tight black trousers, black shoes and a black blouse
  and was shamefully accepting a 15 years old boy fingering her slit. And worse,
  she knew she had to touch him. Slowly she put her hand on his crotch. She clearly
  felt his pulsing shaft. His hands were busy on her ass and cunt. He massaged
  and fondled avidly. She felt four hands feeling her up. Phil was still holding
  her boobs and put his crotch to her hand, soon she was caressing a cock with
  each hand. It didn't take long and both boys cum into their trousers. She too
  was hot by now, but she didn't tell. It ashamed her getting aroused by these
  two kids.  
The difference between 15 years old boys and men is that the boys spotted
  again erections in the time she cleared the table.  
&ldquo;Natalia, I would like to see a little better our compensation&rdquo; said
  Phil  
&ldquo;Yeah, strip naked or change into something more revealing&rdquo; added
  Frank.  
Natalia blushed, she thought her nightmare was over when they wetted their
  pants, but it seemed she was wrong. Oh God, how wrong she was. Humiliated she
  asked: &ldquo;Haven't you had enough?&rdquo;  
&ldquo;Enough?&rdquo; shouted Frank, do you think such a lousy work is worth
  5 million Euro. &ldquo;If I ever hear you complaining again, I cash the reward.
  You are our doll, yeah, our fuck-doll and you do as we say&rdquo;  
The afternoon went from bad to worse for Natalia. First they made her change
  into a short dress and parade for them, then they made her lift it and flash
  to them her panties. Panties she soon had to remove and show them her pretty,
  well trimmed, black haired pussy. Repeatedly she asked and begged them to stop
  but, it only encouraged them. They felt power having a grown up woman and well
  known judge begging as a baby. She had to parade naked for them and adopt each
  time more revealing, no, more obscene postures. Phil and Frank touched and
  fondled at their whim and jerked off two more times. They couldn't get enough
  of her soft, warm charms. And Miss Firenze was a healthy woman. Slowly all
  these fingering and touching brought herself close to orgasm. The boys instinctively
  were acting right, touching the right points. Phil was as mesmerized with her
  boobs, he massaged, squeezed, licked and sucked on them, not getting tired.
  Frank was exploring her cunt. He was slowly finger fucking her when she finally,
  and to her absolute humiliation, came on Frank's hands. The boys celebrated
  it loudly.  
They made clear that this was the beginning of a long friendship and left
  French kissing and finger fucking the naked judge. They also told her to show
  up at Phil's place tomorrow just after work, &lsquo;and dress as the slut you
  are' Phil said.  
&ldquo;Yeah, no panties and easy access&rdquo; had added Frank.  
Next day she felt uncomfortable at her workplace. All the males looked at
  her and smiled when ever she looked. The message they got was clear. &lsquo;I'm
  still a young woman, this is what I've to offer. The mourning time is over'
  They were like flies around her. And it was comprehensible. She dressed a short,
  light blue dress, clearly without bra and high heeled sandals.  
When she showed up at Phil's place they heavy fondled her and made her French
  kissing them at the door, before coming in. She knew there were people looking
  and was deeply ashamed. But what could she do, they hold all the aces, she
  thought, even my ass, she joked to herself. And they were really holding her
  ass, lifting it and massaging it, for all to see.  
The afternoon soon was a sex party. Miss Firenze was touched and kneaded,
  brought to her knees. They made her crawl around in the nude. Miss Firenze
  was blowing Frank and Phil was busy fingering her sex, when Mark, Phil's father
  and the city's Mayor entered the room. Phil was petrified. He had lost all
  sense of time. They had been abusing the woman for more then three hours, but
  for him it had been like fifteen minutes; not for Miss Firenze she had endured
  the humiliation of being a sex toy for two teens, and these three hours seemed
  three days to her.  
The relation between Phil and his father was as good as non-existent. When
  Phil's mother vanished some years ago, the only link disappeared. He often
  had asked his father where his mother was. &ldquo;I don't know and I don't
  care&rdquo; was all he got.  
Mark wanted a star-boy and not a prat. Mark was, at least for himself, the
  most important person in village and his son was still in school only cause
  he was the mayor. And Phil had never brought home any girlfriend only that
  jerk of Frank, inwardly Mark feared his son was gay.  
&ldquo;Dad, I, we &hellip;oh my god&rdquo; for
  Phil the situation was horrible, but for poor Miss Firenze it was unbearable.  
There she was naked, on her fours, sucking on a teen's cock and in position
  to be fucked by another one.  
If Frank had released her head she would have ran away, even naked. But on
  the other side, perhaps this man could stop these beast, perhaps is was the
  lesser of two evils, been caught like this.  
Only Frank maintained his composure.  
&ldquo;Hi, Mr. Larsen&rdquo; he greeted &ldquo;want to join the party?&rdquo;  
Mr. Larsen looked at Frank, but only saw Miss Firenze pretty hanging breasts
  than he looked at Phil and saw her proud, round ass and a glimpse of her sex.  
He didn't know who this woman was, but it was a woman and his son was going
  to fuck her. HIS SON was going to fuck that pretty thing.  
He looked at his son with other eyes, not a kid anymore, not a semi- eunuch,
  not a gay, he was a MAN.  
&ldquo;My son&rdquo; he started formal &ldquo;I'm sorry to interrupt you,
  please go on and show this woman the MAN you are. I'm in the kitchen having
  a beer, come later&rdquo; And said this he shut the door and left.  
Phil looked at Frank and smiling he felt his cock raising again. His father
  had told him to show this woman that he is a man and he had talked to him with
  respect.  
Natalia's heart sunk even lower. He had not only allowed these beast to go
  on, he had encouraged them.  
Her thought stopped when she felt a dick invading her sanctum sanctorum.
  Phil's first sexual encounter was short. He pumped a few times groped both
  her tits and repeating whore, whore, whore he cum.  
&ldquo;So this is Miss Noone?&rdquo; asked Mr. Larsen looking at the naked
  woman standing in his kitchen.  
Phil had told her to stand still, hands behind and legs slightly parted.
  Phil himself sat together with Frank on the bench having a beer.  
&ldquo;Yeah&rdquo; answered Frank &ldquo;Miss Noone, Miss Marilyn Noone.  
&ldquo;And why is this pretty woman allowing two boys to take such liberties&rdquo; asked
  Mark softly caressing Natalia's skin.  
Natalia shivered, it was bad enough being blackmailed by two kids, but now
  the former media-star-judge had to stand naked, for all to see or touch and
  listen how she is discussed as a whore. The Mayor was kneading one of her generous
  tits and cupping her cunt.  
&ldquo;Well&rdquo; answered Phil not wanting to reveal their secret &ldquo;she
  is friendly to us and we are friendly to her&rdquo;  
Mr. Larsen was not a stupid man, he understood there was something fishy
  going around and decided to find it out by himself.  
&ldquo;And is she going to be friendly to me too?&rdquo; he asked slowly
  passing his finger through her swollen cunt.  
&ldquo;But of course, Daddy, whenever you want&rdquo; answered a happy Phil.
  The Judge was not asked if she cared standing naked in a kitchen with two ogling
  teens and a man fingering her. She was not asked if she was going to be &lsquo;friendly'
  to that man too, she was just felt up and used.  
If Mark needed one thing with women it was authority. He wanted to be in
  charge. And this pretty thing was exact what he liked, she would learn what
  it meant being &lsquo;friendly' to him.  
&ldquo;Miss Noone, please&rdquo; he said and putting his hands on her naked
  buttocks and guided her to his bedroom.  
There he produced some rope and attached her wrists, behind. He looped the
  rope around her neck and passed it through a hook in the ceiling., just over
  the bed.  
Natalia was afraid. &ldquo;Please Mr. Larsen, please I&hellip;&rdquo; what
  she was going to say became a secret cause Mark stuffed her mouth with a rubber
  taste item. Then that item started growing, and growing till her mouth was
  open, filled and hurting. It was a self-blowing-up gag. A very effectively
  one.  
Mr. Larsen than fixed the cord to a ring behind his bed and started stripping.
  He was not a bad looking guy. A little bit tummy perhaps, but well build, big
  and strong.  
In another situation she would even have looked forward sleeping with this
  guy, but not as a bound, gagged and naked sex doll, offered by a teen. She
  felt humiliated and abused, and when she saw his attributes her eyes grew to
  new dimensions. It was not a penis it was a monster-cock, and it was still
  not fully erect.  
&ldquo;So, so, so you are Miss Noone, Miss no-one aren't you&rdquo; Mark
  said slapping Natalia's tits. &ldquo;I don't believe you are no one&rdquo; he
  said and pinched and stretched a nipple &ldquo;cause it would be a pity having
  no one to fuck today&rdquo; His hands were fondling and stretching poor Miss
  Firenze's cunt lips. She felt horrible. And there was nothing she could do
  about. Sticking a finger into her sex and pulling he made her climb on the
  bed. His monster-cock was now ready to fuck, if, and she doubted it, it was
  going to fit into her.  
Mark took the cord and pulled down, lifting and strangling her, he than lay
  down and directed his cock to her cunt hole. She couldn't breathe nor think,
  she was dandling from the rope not kneeling and not standing trying to hold
  her weight with her insteps. Suddenly she felt down and OOOUUUUUCCCHH impaled
  herself on the meaty stake.  
Then began the fucking. Mark did not move, he rhythmically pulled the cord
  and Miss Firenze was lifted and strangled. Each time he pulled at the cord
  she was lifted by her neck. Her bound hands accentuated the feeling of helplessness.
  Each time she thought she was going to die. Up and down, up and down. He was
  not fucking her, he was masturbating himself with her cunt. Natalia felt his
  cock filling her completely, she felt her own body betraying her. How could
  it be she was getting aroused by such kind of treatment. But she was. Up and
  down, up and down. It was hurting her, it was humiliating and it was making
  her horny. The fucking lasted for twenty minutes and when he came, it swept
  the last locking with it. She came with him mounding into her gag and trying
  to move.  
Half an hour later, with a whipped ass and clothespins on her nipples a Natalia
  who was still attached by her neck, was telling him the truth. And the whip
  hadn't been the worse. What made her tongue loosen were the photos, the photos
  of Phil's mother. Better be killed by Botto than end like this, she thought.  
To be continued&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Woolfighter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





