BDSM Library - Sister's Keeper




Sister's Keeper
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A shy college girl decides that she must abduct her sister in order to remain part of a lesbian cult.  The abducted girl is tortured until she agrees to join the bizarre group.Sister's Keeper  
Susan never thought it would come to this. Despite constant reminders from
  Mistress Camille that new members were the lifeblood of the cult, Susan never
  really tried to recruit others into joining her little group. Maybe it was
  jealousy that she would have to share her Mistress with others, maybe it was
  just laziness. But whatever it was, Susan was told that she was out, tomorrow
  morning, if she could not get another girl to join.  
How it all came to this point is another story.  
 Chapter 1  
 Attractive by anyone's standards, Susan never had problems getting the attention
  of both men and women alike. Having long blond hair, large breasts and a cover
  girl face, she was a magnet for aggressive males. Unfortunately, she never
  seemed to be interested in men.  
It wasn't until her freshman year in college, when she first met Camille
  at a sorority party, that she finally had someone to open up to. Camille knew
  all to well the difficulties that young freshmen girls sometimes went through
  when they were away from home for the first time. Camille was an expert listener.
  She sympathized with the young girl and listened thoughtfully as Susan poured
  out her heart over the ensuing weeks. Most of the conversations revolved around
  Susan's frustrations of being a lesbian in a heterosexual world. It really
  came as no surprise to either one of them when late one night Camille bent
  over and softly kissed her pretty young friend.  
To Susan, this was the beginning of something magical. Soon thereafter, Susan
  had her first full-fledged lesbian experience, and it brought her to the very
  heights of ecstasy. Very quickly their relationship developed into something
  much more. With Camille's prodding, Susan moved out of the dorms and in with
  her. She was surprised and somewhat disappointed that other girls lived there
  too. But to Susan, at this exciting time of her life, no price was too high
  to pay for the intense Sapphic pleasures that Camille had introduced her to.
  This was a world in which she needed to be a part of. Susan soon learned however
  that the price for such pleasures would be high indeed.  
 After just a few short weeks of living in the home, Mistress Camille, as
  Susan was now required to call her, informed her that Susan may be forced to
  leave the house! Susan was stunned by the announcement. It seemed that the
  requirements for continuing to live there were quite ridged: Susan must agree
  to undergo a &quot;training period&quot; in which she would be fully transformed
  into a lesbian sex slave! Susan was told the process was easy, and there was
  no turning back once she agreed. But failure to agree would result in her being
  forced to leave the cult immediately and permanently.  
Susan was given the night to sleep on her momentous decision. After further
  investigation it turned out that all of the other girls in the house had been
  faced with the same decision at one time or another. Those that remained had
  obviously gone through this &quot;process&quot;. Further questions to the other
  girls about the training period were always met with blank stares and awkward
  silences. Susan awoke the next morning and decided that she would go through
  with it, no matter how difficult it would be. How could she leave the cult
  now?  
Chapter 2  
Looking back on that fateful day, Susan never regretted her decision to submit
  to Camille; despite the intense emotional and physical toll it took on her.
  The thought of being permanently barred from the cult was too much for her
  to bear. Yes, she decided, she would do anything to stay. But whom could she
  convince to join her?  
 Reluctantly, she picked up the phone and called the one person outside the
  cult whom she still had even a remote relationship with; the one girl she knew
  who would take her call, her sister Cindy. They have not spoken in over a year,
  ever since Susan went away to school and then moved in with Camille and that
  weird cult. Cindy was surprised, but pleased; to hear from her older sister
  and readily agreed to meet at a local coffee shop the next day.  
The two girls were reunited for the first time in what seemed like an eternity.
  They were never very close while growing up, despite their close proximity
  in age. Cindy was now a freshman at a nearby university. Their awkward conversation
  seemed to be going around in circles until the younger sister got up to use
  the restroom. While gone, Susan used this perfect opportunity to carefully
  pour a clear, tasteless liquid into her sister's drink. Minutes later Cindy
  returned and took a final, fateful sip of her cappuccino. The young girl felt
  groggy almost immediately. She excused herself and stumbled outside for air.
  She staggered and finally passed out, conveniently into her sister's waiting
  arms. There she was quickly thrown into a waiting van and spirited away.  
Once Cindy had finally awoken, her head felt heavy. But that feeling was
  nothing compared to the shock she felt when she noticed that she was chained
  to a wall in what looked like a basement dungeon! Worse yet, the poor girl
  was stripped of all her clothes, except for her white stockings, garters, bra
  and panties. (It seems she was going to meet her boyfriend after visiting her
  sister at the coffee shop). Susan, sitting in a nearby chair, apologized nervously
  for her sister's predicament, and then slowly explained the situation to her.  
Susan began by telling her younger sister how important Camille and the cult
  were to her. How Camille and the others in the house have changed her life.
  How she will do anything, absolutely anything to stay a part of it. However
  the only way she can be allowed to stay is if Cindy agrees to join her. Certainly
  Cindy can understand Susan's conundrum? Cindy is unmoved by her older sister's
  ridiculous ramblings and demands to be released immediately.  
&quot;You crazy bitch let me go this instant. What the hell are you doing
  to me?&quot;  
Susan reaffirms to Cindy that she cannot release her and assures her that
  in time she will come to understand her situation, and one day may even thank
  her for being introduced to Mistress Camille.  
Unimpressed, Cindy continues to struggle with the chains, and she screams
  a string of profanities at her older sibling. Realizing that this is going
  nowhere, Susan storms out the room to fetch the Mistress.  
 Mistress Camille finally enters with two of her female assistants and Susan.
  She inspects Cindy for a minute and silently praises Susan for bringing her
  such a lovely new pledge, and a younger sibling no less!  
Cindy looks nothing like her sister. She has long red hair and piercing green
  eyes. Her perfectly rounded tits hang high on her torso; as well they should
  for an 18-year-old college freshman. The Mistress carefully rubs her black
  latex gloved hands over the smooth skin of the restrained girl, pausing for
  a moment at Cindy's soft, panty-covered pussy. Cindy recoils for a moment,
  causing the Mistress to laugh. Camille resists a strong temptation to plunge
  a finger under the delicate fabric and into the restrained girl's tight little
  hole. There will be plenty of time for that later she tells herself. Yes this
  one will make a nice addition to her collection.  
The assistants are obviously jealous of the attention being paid to the new
  girl, but they, of course don't dare let the Mistress know of their feelings.  
Wasting no time, The Mistress tells Cindy matter-of- factly;  
&quot;The initiation phase is the most difficult part of your training, please
  accept the fact you are here and don't fight me. There will be no possibility
  of escape. I promise that in time you will be every bit as happy here as your
  sister.&quot;  
Cindy tries to scream out again, but a bit gag is forced into her mouth.
  With that, Cindy is unchained, carefully handcuffed and dragged kicking and
  screaming through a door marked: Prep Room.  
Cindy is placed on her back onto a padded leather table. Her wrists are uncuffed
  ever so briefly and quickly re-shackled above her head. The defiant girl is
  no match for the Mistress, the two assistants and her sister, who has now entered
  the room and is obediently assisting. Next, Cindy's ankles are cuffed to a
  spreader bar dangling from the ceiling. A steel rod, hanging vertically, provides
  additional stabilization to the bar, and prevents Cindy from swinging her legs
  wildly. Susan leaves the room briefly and returns, carrying a tray full of
  shaving equipment. The assistant's have carefully cut away Cindy's panties
  and pulled them away. It seems the young firebrand is going to have her pussy
  shaved for the first time!  
Her stocking and garters however, are left in place, at the Mistress' request.
  Next, Susan is ordered to begin lathering her sister's crimson haired cunt.
  Softly she applies the cream with a brush, making sure to cover every inch.
  Cindy will not admit it, but the sensation is starting to make her pussy just
  a bit moist.  
Susan knows she is doing something wrong, something evil perhaps, but Camille's
  control over her is too strong, and she must proceed. She shakes away any doubts
  she has and continues to gently brush the warm cream onto her sister's deliciously
  exposed pussy, carefully covering every inch of the tender mound. Cindy can
  do nothing but look on in frustration, as her older sister methodically goes
  about her work. For Cindy's own protection, a waist belt has been securely
  fastened across her waist. Mistress Camille is now ready to move in with a
  razor. She carefully and tenderly shaves the young girl's cunt completely bald.
  Satisfied, Camille wipes away the excess cream with a moist towel and then
  bends over and places a soft kiss on the newly shorn twat. A repulsed Cindy
  shuts her eyes. No other woman has ever touched her there before.  
Satisfied with the day's work. The Mistress orders that Cindy be taken to
  her holding cell. She is carefully unstrapped from the table and promptly reshackled
  for the short trip to her cell. There she is left, completely naked and still
  cuffed with her arms behind her back. She cries herself to sleep, wondering
  why in the hell Susan would do something this to her.  
Chapter 3  
The next day begins early as Cindy is hauled out of her cell by several girls
  from the cult and taken into a room with an &quot;X&quot; shaped padded leather
  cross in the middle. She is securely fastened in place, with her arms above
  her head and her ankles locked tightly to the other two corners. The Mistress
  now enters, wearing a tight black spandex body suit and sporting a sinister
  grin. With a snap of her fingers, the other girls grab Cindy's oversized tits
  and place them into a vice. The top bar is connected to a collar around her
  neck, to hold her breasts high, for easy access. The lower bar is positioned
  directly underneath her ample juggs. Slowly Camille begins tightening the screws
  on either side, placing terrible pressure on her titties. Satisfied, she moves
  in and gently begins to lick the now swollen nipples. But it is only a tease,
  pleasure will have to wait.  
Camille attaches a pair of clips to the now rock hard nipples. Next the attendants
  bring over a cart filled with large red candles. Cindy looks over and gulps
  hard, as sweat starts to pour down her brow. Camille circles around the girl
  several times, to increase the tension. At last she begins to pour the hot
  wax onto Cindy's tightly compacted breasts. As the young beauty screams out,
  her older sister obediently rushes over with a ball gag and jams it into Cindy's
  mouth.  
Normally Camille likes to hear her pledges scream, but this morning she prefers
  quiet and will go about her work in relative silence. The Mistress pours coat
  after coat of molten wax over the girl's compacted tits. Cindy begs with her
  eyes for the Mistress to stop. But it doesn't, until Camille is completely
  content with her handiwork. She exits the room and orders the others to do
  so as well. The lights are shut off and Cindy is forced to suffer in the blinding
  darkness, unable to move or even scream.  
Quite some time later, Camille re-enters the room. She walks over to Cindy's
  limp body, which now dangles awkwardly from the wooden frame. She puts her
  palm on the girl's forehead and pushes it up to see her face. Cindy eyes slowly
  open, providing a fresh and unpleasant reminder of her suffering. Camille puts
  Cindy's head back down and gently traces her right hand down the girl's body,
  pausing just below the waist. She rests her hand there and cups the soft quim
  with her latex sheathed hand.  
Next, Camille calmly asks the girl if she is ready to surrender herself,
  body and soul to the cult. With what little strength she can muster, Cindy
  shakes her head. She knows she can take much worse then this. Unfortunately,
  she will get her chance to prove it.  
The Mistress whispers into Cindy's ear and says: &quot;Very well then.&quot;  
She lets go of the girl's cunt and reaches for a cat o' nine tails, which
  has been hanging ominously on the wall to her left. Confident that this punishment
  will break the young girl, as it has so many others, she begins to flail away.
  On and on the whipping goes, with particular attention now being paid to the
  newly shaven, and totally unprotected cunt. But not wanting to cause any permanent
  harm to such a delicate area though, the Mistress backs off and begins to focus
  on the tits. She savagely whips the wax off of Cindy's delicious globes. Wax
  flies in all directions. Yet the relentless onslaught will not break her. Stunned
  and frustrated at the fortitude of such a young girl, Camille storms out of
  the room and hands her whip to Susan, who is waiting nervously outside the
  door.  
&quot;I will give you one more day Susan and that is it. If your sister will
  not join us then both of you lousy bitches will be thrown out of here forever!&quot;  
Panicky, Susan enters the room where her sister is. She releases her from
  the restraints. Both girls are crying now. Susan can't bear to see Cindy like
  this. But she is powerless to act. Camille owns her and she knows it. She will
  do anything for that woman. With the help of the other girls, Susan takes Cindy
  back to her cell, where she is forced into in a straight jacket, per the Mistresses'
  orders.  
Chapter 4  
That night is a restless one for everyone in the house, especially Susan.
  Unable to sleep, she is almost relieved when there is a knock at her door.
  She has been summoned to Camille's private chamber. In months gone by this
  would have indeed been a special honor, but tonight she is not so sure.  
Susan enters the room, head bowed. Camille is sitting in a chair by the fireplace.
  She has a troubled look on her face. Camille is taking a big gamble and she
  knows it. Susan is her best slave and she does not want to lose her. But she
  must make her follow the rules like everyone else. The Mistress knows it would
  set a poor example for the others if Susan were allowed to slide on something
  so important as this. All of the other girls had brought new members to her,
  some willingly, others less so. The cult was now up to 10 girls now, each one
  devoted entirely to serving every whim a mistress may have. The last thing
  she needs is anyone questioning her authority now.  
Camille nods, indicating it is OK for Susan to approach. She obediently kneels
  at her Mistresses' feet, keeping her head bowed down. The Mistress places her
  hand on Susan's shoulder. She tells her how much she appreciates her help in
  this very difficult time. She knows how hard it must be to watch her sister
  go through this. She then asks if Susan believes that she is doing the right
  thing. Susan hesitates but does finally nod in agreement while adding:  
&quot;I just hope it will be over quickly Mistress.&quot;  
&quot;We all do, my sweet. I am doing all I can to make this process go as
  quickly as possible. But now I am afraid that tomorrow is going to be very
  difficult for you. I need you to be strong. Not just for me, but for Cindy
  as well. I am going to have to do some things to her that I have never done
  to another girl before. It will be difficult for you to watch. But I need you
  to be there, to help Cindy through this. She needs to know that you are there
  for her. I hope Susan that you will understand why this is necessary.&quot;  
Camille looked down and her pretty little pet and could see a look of apprehension
  on her face.  
She continued: &quot;I don't want Cindy to suffer anymore than is necessary.
  It will be hard for you, I know. I promise you though that this well be the
  best thing for her. It won't seem like it at the time, but when it is over
  and she finally succumbs, we will know, all of us, that the right thing was
  done.&quot;  
Susan took a moment to catch her breath. She was scared now. Maybe she hadn't
  fully thought through her actions, but there was definitely no turning back
  now. Of that she was sure. Susan had never seen such a determined look on the
  Mistress' face. She had to believe in the woman that she loved, the woman who
  controlled her.  
&quot;You do trust me, Susan, don't you?&quot; The Mistress asked.  
&quot;Of course I do, I would do anything for you Mistress&quot;.  
Camille gently lifted Susan's chin up, to look her in the eyes, to make sure
  Susan meant what she said. Tears were slowly coming down the slave's cheeks.
  Camille bent over to give her a kiss on the lips. Then she gave Susan the one
  look that every girl in the house understood perfectly well; it was time to
  lick the Mistress' pussy!  
 Susan was kept on her knees as Camille lowered her black silk panties. She
  griped the back of Susan's head, grabbing her hair and slightly twisting it,
  and then forced the girl's mouth onto her shaved cunt. It did not take long
  for her to reach a shattering orgasm. She pushed Susan's head away and regained
  her composure. She gave the girl a good night kiss, tasting her own juices
  off of Susan's tongue. Susan was mildly disappointed, she had hoped for more.
  Perhaps she even thought the Mistress would take care of some of her feminine
  needs. Not tonight she was told, we all need as much sleep as we can get.  
Chapter 5  
After barely sleeping, Cindy finds herself rudely awakened and carried from
  her cell by two of the cult members. The girls take her to an empty room where
  her straight jacket is removed, and she is again forced down onto a padded
  leather table, face up. After chaining her rigidly into place, they leave the
  room. Moments later Susan enters.  
&quot;Cindy It was never my intention to put you through this, I wish there
  was another way, but the Mistress is insistent. Please let me tell her that
  you are ready to take the final step towards initiation. She will break you
  and force you to submit to her. I can't stop her, and I can't bare the thought
  of putting you this any longer!&quot;  
&quot;Never&quot;, Cindy shouts back. &quot;You are all crazy and I will
  never give in.&quot;  
Saddened and sobbing, and unsure of what will come next, Susan dejectedly
  exits the room. She informs the Mistress that her sister will not give in.
  Camille seems oddly pleased pleased by this not unforeseen development. She
  walks away from Susan enters the room where Cindy is strapped down.  
Camille is a stunning sight to behold. Dressed in a skintight red latex outfit,
  with black lace up boots. She commands the room with her presence. It is easy
  to see why the other girls so easily fall under her spell.  
 Trailing behind her are several other older girls in the cult. Girls that
  joined around the same time that Susan did. Vicki, Karen and Rachael. They
  are all dressed in matching white nurses uniforms, also made out of latex.
  Susan has never seen them like this before. She is worried now. Camille means
  business today.  
No one speaks. The Mistress surveys the room, pleased that everyone is here
  for such an important event. All of the girls in the room look pensively toward
  one another, not knowing what will happen. The room is deep in the basement
  of the old mansion. The girls are never allowed in this part of the house.
  The room is made out of large old stones with but one wooden doorway from which
  they entered. What could possibly happen in here?  
Those questions are soon answered when Camille slides a lose brick from the
  wall and pushes a button behind it. The wall slides open, revealing a room,
  which looks terribly out of place for such an old home. Inside it looks like
  an operating room at a hospital. Bright lights hang from the ceiling; carts
  filled with gadgets are spread out all over the place. Monitors and electrical
  equipment cover one entire wall.  
Camille is pleased; the most important room in the house is now open for
  business!  
The table onto which Cindy is strapped is wheeled into the room. She is placed
  directly in the center, right underneath the lights. They illuminate her tender
  young body perfectly.  
Each of the girl's has there own designs on the soon-to-be new pledge, but
  all fully understand that there is a pecking order in the cult, and the Mistress
  always pecks first.  
Camille walks over to the wall and presses another button, the walls begins
  to close and soon lock into place. All are aware that escape for young Cindy
  is now impossible.  
&quot;The next time you leave this room Cindy, you will be one of us.&quot; The
  Mistress says deliciously. Susan is told to wait in the corner and to observe
  the proceedings only. The Mistress in no way wants her to be involved with
  the procedure, her emotions may get the best of her.  
&quot;Nurse&quot; Vicki opens a cabinet and grabs three spray bottles, she
  hands one each to the other two girls. With the Mistress' permission the girls
  begin to spray what turns out to be a warm oily liquid all over Cindy's naked
  body. Only Camille is allowed to touch her, and she takes full advantage by
  rubbing the mixture all over the bondaged girl. Satisfied, she orders that
  a tit pump to be lowered from the ceiling. The plastic tubes dangle precipitously
  over Cindy's ample bosom, before Rachael grabs them and forced directly onto
  her nipples. A switch activates the unit and Cindy can feel her nipples being
  tugged, slowly at first, but then harder. She yells out in pain as the sucking
  becomes more intense.  
&quot;Save it, my dear, this is only the beginning&quot;. Camille remarks
  coldly. The comment brings nothing but giggles from the others. Next, a big
  bowl of ice cubes is taken from a freezer and wheeled over on a cart. As the
  tit pumps continue their relentless sucking, the Mistress grabs a handful of
  ice and gleefully rubs the frozen cubes all over Cindy's freshly shaved twat.
  Minutes seem like hours as Cindy writhes in agony in a fruitless attempt to
  get away from the frigid onslaught. For a brief moment, the two women's eyes
  meet.  
Cindy's teeth begin to chatter uncontrollably as the Mistress reaches for
  a fresh handful of ice. Camille can only smile at the thought of her own pussy
  get hotter by the minute as poor Cindy's cunt is doing just the opposite. On
  and on the rubbing goes, this time with both hands. Camille fights the urge
  to slide one of her fingers into her own cunt. There is nothing she enjoys
  more then torturing pretty young girls. But she knows her patience will be
  rewarded soon enough.  
 &quot;Are your ready to join now you little bitch?" she asks.  
Despite the intense pain to her most private areas, Cindy shakes her head
  defiantly.  
&quot;N-N-N-N-N-O&quot; she matters to chatter.  
&quot;Very well, then we must take the final step&quot;, declares Camille.  
Susan jumps up from the corner and begs the Mistress to reconsider; &quot;Please
  Mistress, this is not necessary, she is just about to give in!&quot;  
&quot;It's too late, I'm through playing games! Prepare her!&quot; She instructs
  the other girls. &quot;And you,&quot; she stares at Susan, &quot;don't ever
  question me again, or your fate will be 10 times worse then this!!!&quot;  
Almost immediately the tit pump stops, Cindy's swollen nipples slowly begin
  to retake their shape. Even her pussy starts to feel better once the Mistress
  removes the ice. Her relief is short lived however, as she looks over at a
  second cart being positioned just to her right. This one contains a series
  of wires, all connected to a large black box.  
&quot;What the hell is this?&quot; Cindy yells in horror.  
&quot;I think we have heard from you today.&quot;  
Camille orders Susan to again grab a gag from the cabinet and install it
  in her sister's mouth. Susan slowly complies and the last muffled cry she hears
  is a &quot;Why??&quot; before the bit is securely fastened into place.  
 Camille orders Susan to stand directly behind Cindy, so she is right above
  her head. The two sisters' eyes meet, Cindy knows it is fast becoming unlikely
  that her Susan will snap out of her trance and get her out of this mess. Tears
  start to flow out of each girl's eyes as Susan gently stokes Cindy's hair and
  face. Meanwhile the assistants are told to begin reapplying the oily mixture
  to Cindy's body.  
Next, Camille grabs a can of shaving gel and begins to squirt it onto Cindy's
  right nipple, and then the left. She rubs the cold gel for a moment, stiffing
  each nipple. Satisfied she turns her attention toward the cunt. The Mistress
  applies what seems like the whole can to Cindy's shaved snatch. Carefully and
  methodically she rubs it on until the mound is covered with a thick green coating.
  Camille explains that this is necessary to increase the connectivity! Cindy
  shakes her head wildly at that statement.  
 Next she instructs the girls to carefully check the bonds. The last thing
  the Mistress wants is for Cindy to break free now. The girls check the cuffs
  on the ankles, then the wrists, and finally the thigh restraints. Camille personally
  checks the waist belt, the most important one of all. Satisfied there is not
  the tiniest amount of slack, she is ready to proceed.  
Camille walks over to the cart and grabs a wire with an electrode attached
  to it. She carefully presses it onto the right nipple. Next she takes a second
  one and fixes it on top of the left tit. Working quickly now, the diabolical
  bitch inserts the final four electrodes into the gel glistening between Cindy's
  legs. The young girl lefts her head up and attempts to scream through the gag.
  Susan holds her head and forces it back onto the table, all the while trying
  to comfort her sister. There is little time left now.  
Completely immobilized, Cindy can only watch as her cunt and tits are covered
  with a terrifying array of wires.  
&quot;Susan, I have decided that you will have the honors, come here!&quot; Camille
  orders.  
&quot;Please Mistress don't make me do this!!!&quot;  
&quot;You Must&quot;. Camille grabs Susan's hand and yanks her towards the
  box. She places her slave's hand on the large red button. Without even the
  slightest hesitation she tells out:  
&quot;Now Susan!!!!&quot;  
Her heart is telling her no, she can't go through with it. But her head,
  which Camille has been inside of since the very beginning, is saying, &quot;I
  must obey&quot;.  
With a snap of the mistress' fingers, Susan presses the button, sending a
  pulsing current through her sister's most tender areas. Cindy convulses violently
  against the tight bonds. Her screams are muffled by the now saliva covered
  bit gag. A second snap instructs Susan to release the button. The pain stops
  and Camille asks; &quot;Are you ready to join us yet?&quot;  
Cindy, unable to speak, manages to shake her head defiantly.  
 Camille orders Susan to increase the power to Level Two! Now panicky, Susan
  begs Cindy to submit and for Camille to reconsider. Both women stubbornly refuse,
  neither willing to give so much as an inch to the other. Tired of waiting,
  Camille demands another surge. Susan cannot go through with it. She can no
  longer bear to put her sister through this. Enraged, the Mistress orders Rachael
  to man the controls and continue the procedure. Immediately the obedient girl
  runs over, past the sobbing Susan and immediately slams her hand down on the
  button. She presses and holds it for what seems like an eternity as Cindy again
  shakes and twists uncontrollably, the pain beyond her imagination.  
&quot;Please stop Mistress," begs Susan, yelling at the top of her lungs.  
&quot;Not yet, we almost have her.&quot; After a few more seconds the Mistress
  waves her hand and the current mercifully stops. Camille approaches the exhausted
  co-ed and asks her: &quot;Isn't it time for this madness to end?"  
With the gag still in her mouth and sweat pouring off her entire body, she
  reluctantly nods in agreement. A relieved smile washes over Susan's face and
  she rushes over to her sister and removes the gag, before planting a big kiss
  on her lips.  
Chapter 6  
That night Cindy finds herself lying in bed wearing a nightgown and a chastity
  belt. She is handcuffed and has a ball gag in her mouth. Susan lies down next
  to her and gently strokes her long red hair. &quot;Tomorrow will be the start
  of a new beginning for both of us. I am so glad that you have decided to join
  me; I have always wanted us to be together. After the final phase of your initiation
  you can begin can begin to explore the joys of lesbianism. So far you have
  only seen the dark side of the cult but I can assure you it has many advantages.&quot;  
Cindy looks on with trepidation but can't speak through the gag. Susan says; &quot;I
  would like to remove it, but the Mistress would be very upset.&quot; However
  she does reach under the nightgown and gently rubs the area around her sister's
  chastity belt, wishing there was some way to soothe her sister's aching twat.  
Susan knows tomorrow will be an even tougher day for Cindy. She remembers
  all too well her last day of initiation, but she is confidant Cindy is up to
  the challenge. She is certain that Cindy will come to love her new environment.
  So much so that she may even help her plan the abduction of their other sister,
  Sarah.  
 To Be Continued.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jlou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





