BDSM Library - The Art of Good Fishing




The Art of Good Fishing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An Independence Day theme. Girls are captured by aliens for a mysterious purpose.The Art of Good Fishing, &copy; Spitman October 2000  
It was a fine sunny afternoon in May, and the beach was pretty crowded for
  a day so early in the season, but it was rather warm for the time of year,
  with very little wind and a cloudless sky.  
Donna lay on her beach towel with her bikini top unfastened, enjoying the
  feel of the sun on her back. Others more adventurous, dispensed with their
  skimpy bikini tops, offering an impressive display of breasts proudly bared,
  to the warm rays of the sun, not to mention the men lucky enough to enjoy the
  scene..  
Donna was a little envious of the others, but there were marks on her breasts
  and her bottom, marks that she would rather not show on a public beach. She
  closed her eyes, enjoying the warm velvet caress of the sun.  
Around her people suddenly began to talk in urgent, excited sounding voices.
  Curious and surprised, Donna opened her eyes and sat up. What could possibly
  be going on. Everybody was looking up. She followed their excited gestures
  to where several enormous disc shaped objects hovered in the sky. The discs
  grew larger as she watched. People were running, leaving the beach. Not sure
  whether this was real or a strange dreamlike illusion, Donna squinted and reached
  for her shades.  
She got up. Her bikini top fell to the ground, leaving her topless. And then
  the shock hit her like a train. This had happened before, at exactly the same
  beach. Last time they took hundreds of girls away with them. Oh no! She was
  terrified. Surely this was not going to happen to her! Last time she had missed
  the excitement, being away quite by chance that weekend. Nobody had ever seen
  the kidnapped girls again.  
There was nowhere to go. She knew that there was little point in trying to
  swim out to sea. Last time they had scooped up several girls who had tried
  that, in large fishing nets. The coast road and car parks were hundreds of
  yards away, and she would never make it in time. And in any case, she couldn't
  help feeling rather curious.  
The alien spacecraft were already hovering close. Hundreds of smaller craft
  emerged like a swarm of insects and converged on the beach. Dozens of the smaller
  craft formed a barrier between the beach and the town, and began to herd the
  people together. Aliens descended and approached the crowd of terrified sunbathers,
  allowing men through the cordon without interference. Curiously, they didn't
  seem interested in the men. She wondered why they only wanted girls. Sex must
  surely have something to do with it, but not with the aliens. They were obviously
  far too big to have sex with a human girl.  
As the aliens drew closer Donna saw that they were fifteen feet tall at least
  and built to match, with scaly bodies like lizards, but human-like hands. They
  had long whip-like things in their hands, flicking out at the girls. She felt
  even more excited when she saw the whips. This was just like one of her favourite
  fantasies. She loved to be dominated, whipped and tortured and she was no stranger
  to the serious side of the S&amp;M scene. But somehow this was different. It
  was disconcerting to know she could not escape and yet not know what was going
  to happen to her.  
They were only a few yards away now. Those whip-like objects had a thick
  braided leather handle, tapering to a thong that looked at least twelve feet
  long, with a large metal hook on the end. Donna flinched as one of the aliens
  flicked his whip towards a terrified girl who stood, frozen with fear, right
  in front of her. The hook sank deep into her breast and the bloody point emerged
  right above her nipple. It must have been at least two inches across.  
&quot;Oh, Lord! No! Please don't! Ouch! That hurts! Yeeeeeoww!&quot; she
  yelled as they dragged her away, screaming.  
Distracted by the fate of the other girl she hadn't noticed another alien
  approaching, but then she felt an awful pain in her naked breast. Donna looked
  down, horrified. A large wicked looking hook had penetrated the underside of
  her breast. Ignoring her discomfort the alien jerked violently at the whip
  and a moment later the point of the wicked hook emerged from the upper side
  of her ruined breast. He jerked her viciously forward. She screamed.  
&quot;Yeeeeowww! Let me go! Please! I don't want to go! Oh no!&quot; Tears
  ran down her face as she stumbled forward, speechless with horror and pain.
  The hook tore painfully at the firm meat of her breast. The alien didn't seem
  to care if he tore her breast apart. Other aliens were dragging girls behind
  them, all hooked in exactly the same awful, painful way. Donna panted, gasping
  as she tried desperately to keep up with his six foot strides, glancing dumbly
  at the other girls . . . and the hooks through their lovely breasts.  
A landing craft lowered its ramp over the edge of the sea and the cruel alien
  dragged her towards it. Dozens of screaming girls followed their captors up
  the ramp and onto the ship. Donna shivered as the ramp closed and the ship
  took off. Was that her last glimpse of Earth? Donna's fear changed to curiosity
  when the aliens began to take the girls off the ramp and deeper into the craft.
  She followed obediently, although secretly she almost enjoyed the pain. But
  being a sub in even the most extreme torture club came nowhere close to this!  
They pushed her into a cell, and as she entered the alien tore the hook from
  her breast with a violent wrenching movement. She shivered as the blood spurted
  from the awful hole it left in her breast.  
The journey to the alien planet took several hours. Donna wondered what they
  could possibly want with them all. She paced up and down in her cell. And then
  she had a thought. They had taken girls from Earth before, weeks ago. Could
  they possibly have learned to understand English?  
One of the guards was watching her. It was worth a try.  
&quot;Excuse me!&quot;  
He came over to her cell.  
&quot;Whad you want?&quot;  
&quot;Are you going to eat us, or what?&quot;  
&quot;Eat? Not eat. Not eat human. Eat fish.&quot;  
&quot;Then what are you going to do with us?&quot;  
&quot;You catch fish. We eat.&quot;  
&quot;Oh!&quot;  
The guard moved away.  
Just then the ship slowed to a hover. It continued to descend slowly. Soon
  it was motionless.  
Donna started pacing again, puzzled. What did he mean? Was there some special
  talent humans had?  
A few girls were escorted from one of the cells. The ship took off again.  
On the fourth landing it was Donna's turn to be escorted from her cell, with
  three other girls. The aliens put thick rope round their necks. One of them
  led the girls down the ramp. Donna didn't know the others.  
They were on a kind of pier overlooking the sea. The sea had a pretty good
  swell on. Two of the aliens were standing on the pier, waiting for them. Curiously,
  one of the aliens was a lot shorter than the other one. He couldn't have been
  more than twelve feet tall.  
The escort handed over the ropes, and the taller alien tied them to a bollard
  on the pier. Whatever was going to happen, Donna suddenly realised, it was
  going to happen here. Roped to the bollard like that, they were not going anywhere!  
Donna looked WAY up at the short guy, and started sweating.  
The taller one looked down cheerfully at the shorter one.  
&quot;Well, son, let's get you started. I'll show you how to fix the bait&quot;  
Bait! Oh no! Donna had noticed what looked like giant fishing rods, lines,
  hooks and other equipment but hadn't realised what they were.  
The taller alien picked Donna up with his powerful fingers round her waist
  and casually ripped off her bikini bottom. She wriggled desperately but his
  grip was like iron. He removed the rope from around her neck.  
With his other hand he reached behind for a hook. Oh no, She thought. It
  was enormous. The shaft was at least eight foot long, and curved up into a
  nastily sharp barbed hook that was a good two foot across at the base.  
She was still not sure what he was going to do with it. He was not holding
  the hooked end at all. The other end was curiously pointed like a . . . a spit!
  And suddenly she realised how wet she was between her legs.  
&quot;Oh no!&quot; Don't! I'm not bait! I'm a girl! You can't do this to
  me!&quot;  
Ignoring her protests he held her still and pushed gently. The pointed end
  slid easily between the wet lips of her vulva and into her cunt.  
&quot;Please don't! Please!&quot; This was not supposed to happen. All she
  had wanted was a quite afternoon resting in the sun on the beach, and maybe
  an interested boy or two! It wasn't fair!  
Carefully he pushed the spit a little deeper and then stopped, holding her
  still.  
&quot;These bait people all have a spit hole right here,&quot; he started. &quot;It
  lubricates itself when they are ready for the hook,&quot; he continued. &quot;So
  you just wait until the hole is nice and wet, and put the point in the spit
  hole like this.&quot;  
Spit hole? Donna's heart was beating at double the normal rate. No wonder
  they weren't interested in the men. A man's asshole wasn't self-lubricating
  like a woman's cunt. And her body had betrayed her, just as the alien had predicted.
  It was a rather predictable consequence of getting excited. But how many of
  us are going to die because we get turned on by something like this? Then she
  had an awful thought. Oh God, maybe they are right. The threat of being spitted
  does make us as wet as hell, and we are soft right through the middle. So who
  can argue! Certainly not me, in my present position. He's not going to pay
  the slightest attention to me. I can tell. It has something to do with a feeling
  I have that he's done this before, and he has every intention of doing it again.  
&quot;Yes, Dad,&quot; the smaller giant answered.  
&quot;Then you just push it through.&quot;  
Oh my God, Donna thought. He's really going to do it.  
She felt an awful pain as he pushed the thick steel spike hard. The point
  ripped easily through her cervix, pierced her womb and pushed on through her
  guts.  
&quot;Aaaah! Nooooo, don't! Stop! It hurts!&quot; She screamed as pain seared
  through her body.  
&quot;Make sure you hold them straight, so the point comes out of the mouth
  like this,&quot; the alien continued, pinching her hair between two of his
  fingers to hold her head back.  
The searing pain carried on through her body as she wriggled desperately,
  until to her horror the point emerged from her mouth. She was completely spitted,
  from her cunt to her mouth, and now she couldn't even scream.  
&quot;It takes a little practice, but you'll soon get the hang of it.&quot;  
Sure, buddy. Take as much practice as you want, Donna thought sarcastically.  
The younger alien grinned happily. He had always wanted to go fishing with
  his Dad. It was already a lot more fun than he had expected. He couldn't wait
  to try spitting the bait like that.  
The alien kept on pushing the shaft through her until the curve of the hook
  pressed up hard between her legs. Below the point of the spit there was a circular
  depression round the shaft.  
&quot;Now watch this, son. This is how to fit the ring to the hook.  
The younger alien watched intently.  
The ring was just as thick as the spit, and a good foot in diameter. A thick
  walled tube was welded to the ring. He lowered the tube carefully over the
  pointed end of the spit and pressed down until it clicked. Donna groaned, wriggling
  helplessly.  
&quot;Make sure it locks properly, or you'll lose the bait with the hook.
  These hooks are expensive,&quot; he said.  
&quot;Yes, Dad.&quot;  
&quot;Now I will show you how to attach the line.&quot;  
The line looked as if it would hold several tons of fish. She was willing
  to bet those fish had teeth as well. Being bait was definitely not a nice prospect,
  even for a girl who thrived on pain. Suddenly Donna was lifted high in the
  air. She whimpered, biting the spit that filled her mouth. It was awful not
  being able to scream.  
She hurtled through the air on the hook, way out over the sea, and then plunged
  down into the water. Desperately she tried to swim, but the hook was too heavy
  and she started to sink.  
She sensed something moving in the sea. She struggled. She knew it wasn't
  going to make any difference, but at least she had the consolation of the curve
  of the hook rubbing her clitoris, especially when she kicked her legs.  
Currents tugged at her, then fish brushed against her. Something tickled
  her feet. A small mouth closed over one of her toes, then she felt a sudden
  pain as its teeth bit hard into her toe, and she knew it was gone. Oh Lord!
  there was even more blood in the water now. When she felt a sharp biting nibble
  at her left nipple, she tried to wiggle her breast but in a moment her nipple
  was gone too.  
Suddenly Donna was heaved right up out of the sea by a pair of giant jaws.
  It had rows and rows of razor sharp teeth that tore painfully at her body as
  she slipped deeper into its mouth. A sharp claw-like tooth ripped into her
  belly and tore at her intestines as she slid further into its mouth, taking
  the giant hook deeper inside the giant fish. Just as the great mouth closed
  over her head, she heard loud excited cries from the aliens on the shore.  
Suddenly she felt an awful tug pulling at the hook that transfixed her body,
  and felt a fierce sliding pressure on her clitoris. She orgasmed instantly,
  wriggling wildly as the line tugged again and again at the hook that ran right
  through her body, and now deep into the flesh of the giant fish. The aliens
  had cought the fish, and now they were trying to land it. Oh my Lord! She thought.
  This is what it feels like to be bait.  
Donna felt her energy slowly slipping away as the fish chewed at all it could
  reach of her. There was nothing much left of her legs, breasts and bottom.
  The fish struggled against the hook, as helplessly caught as she was. At least
  she had not been wasted. Maybe it was worth it on a galactic scale, but it
  sure didn't feel like it.  
On the slipway the aliens looked at the fish. It was one of the finest the
  father had seen.  
&quot;That was great, Dad,&quot; the younger one said. &quot;Can I hook the
  bait for the next one? Please, Dad!&quot;  
The father looked proudly at his son. &quot;You sure can, boy. It's time
  for you to learn a man's work. I'm proud of you, son. But always remember,
  the art of good fishing is all in the bait.&quot;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





