BDSM Library - Prison Camp




Prison Camp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman working as a guid in a North African vacation center, is arrestet and unjustly sent to a chaingang  in a stone quarry for life.This is the first chapter of a very long story, with connection to a North African
  prison camp. In this first chapter we follow half a day in an inmates life.
  She has been there for a long time, and through her we get a impression of
  a modern prison system for foreigners in this region. &nbsp;&nbsp;
The story of Linda and Lajla 
Hard labour 
The whistle sounds and 311991 lets herself drop hard down on her knees, putting
  down&nbsp;the heavy sledgehammer carefully at her side. She knows that tools
  are much more expensive than women in this part of the world. It is noon and
  the burning sun blazes right down on her. It is lunch time - for the matrons
  and guards - there will be nothing for her, not before evening. And no water
  to drink. Half crazy&nbsp;of thirst she straddles over her tin can trying to
  pee. She imagines waterfalls and rain for herself, and after a short while
  a faint splashing sound are heard.&nbsp;She lifts the can and looks into it.
  Because of her permanently state of dehydration, it's only half full and the
  urine is dark yellow with a thick layer of foam on the surface. 311991 drinks
  it slowly, letting each mouthful go around in the mouth three times before
  swallowing. She dries her face and her sweaty scalp with the sleeve of her
  uniform, and lies back to rest on the burning hot rock still mad of thirst,
  and the heat that usually goes op to 40 - 50 C at the beginning of the afternoon.
  That was the reason for the one hour break between noon and 1 o'clock . Not
  of concern to the women on the chaingangs, but because the matrons finds it
  to hot to eat lunch in the open. So they spend their break for lunch in the
  airconditioned cafeteria near the gatehouses. All the fluid the prisoners receive
  is mixed in the porridge given each evening, never in a cup or can to drink.
  Just the right amount to keep them alive, so they can work. Water is too expensive
  to waste on infidel whores, a matron had told her laughing. There is no danger
  for&nbsp;the slaves trying to escape at that time of the day. Even if a girl
  should manage to get her leg irons off, she would be to weak to go very far
  in that heat, and there are still the closely guarded double barbed wire fences,
  and the watchtowers, and the desert surrounding the stone quarry for over a
  hundred kilometers to the nearest town. 311991 laughs at herself, dizzy in
  the choking heat, its to hot to sleep. Then , once again, she goes over the
  events that brought her to this place. 
 She had been a beautiful young woman named Miss Linda Lea White. Even though
  she was only 19 , she already had her own apartment, and was a very independent
  young woman, always seeking adventures. She had been tall and slim with curly
  reddish hair to complement with her milk white skin, slightly freckled across
  her face, and sparkling green eyes. Used to that all men and even some women
  turned their heads after her in the street, or began flirting with her when
  she was sitting alone in restaurants and bars. Then to fill up time and earn
  a little money, before beginning her design and financial studies&nbsp;at the
  university, she took a job as a tourist guide at a vacation centre&nbsp;in&nbsp;&nbsp;.......
  . After only 2 weeks her employer went bankrupt, and could not pay the hotel.
  As the only representants of the firm available, Linda and her slightly older
  colleague Amy Martinez were arrested and imprisoned. &pound;2.000 was fare
  over what they could get hold on with such a short notice, and they were not
  allowed to contact anybody. After a very brief trial the same day, they were
  both sentenced to work off their debts doing hard labour, and sent to this
  hot and isolated place. Nothing was said to their relatives or friends. They
  had just disappeared without a trace. 
Here she is now. 30 years old, lying on the dusty gravel in the burning sun,
  dressed in a unsexy striped uniform drinking her own piss, with a shaved head
  like all the other forced labours in the quarry, and so heavily tanned and
  freckled as a genuine redhead could get, after working unprotected under the
  burning sun for years. Since long she had&nbsp;realized that&nbsp;she had become
  a quarry slave for life, with no hope of ever getting free again. 
Amy had been put in another chaingang and she never saw her again.&nbsp;She
  looks down over the sweat-soaked frock that clings to her skinny starved body.
  As someone once used to wear tight lightblue jeans and smart dresses, the frock
  just hangs over her, erasing any remaining traces of her feminine beauty. The
  frock hangs over her thin shoulders, and reaches to the middle of her thighs.
  The sleeves hang down over her hands. The cotton material is hot, and the uniform
  stiff of salt from her sweat,&nbsp;that&nbsp;makes it cling to her large saggy
  breasts. The last time she was wearing a bra, was the day she arrived to this
  awful prison camp. Her nipples had grown huge and long, and were red and swollen
  from the constant rubbing of the dirty sweat-soaked frock. Together with the
  itching caused bye the crab louse and stubble's growing in the crotch between
  the monthly shavings, it had been strangely pleasurable, but had also been,
  until for a year ago, annoying to have the constant feeling of stimulation,
  specially knowing that no man would ever want to touch her again, a shorn smelly
  slave, except when kicking her ass, if he found she moved to slow. The frock
  is buttoned up in the front to the collar, and because of morality the prisoners
  are not&nbsp;allowed to unbutton the top buttons. But kidnapping and keeping
  young women imprisoned under such degrading circumstances, are apparently not
  immoral. 
&nbsp;Working at hard labour in the stone quarry, is a hot and tiring proposition.
  The blue vertical stripes on the worn and dirty uniforms are hypnotic, especially
  when over eight thousand stubble headed women and girls all dressed in the
  same stripes work chained closely together in long rows. Linda often thought
  about the way her dirty striped uniform, moved over her body, as she swung
  the sledgehammer over her head. She straightens her long legs out in front
  of her and look down at the shackles and chains that dangles from her ankles.
  Two heavy metal bands encircles tightly around her slender ankles over the
  worn out green rubberboots. She lifts her feet so the sweat can pour out. The
  five pairs of holes on the front of each boot for the laces are empty. Not
  even them they are allowed. They are just the cheapest possible labour available.
  Connecting the two metal bands is a length of heavy chain. Eight heavy links
  connecting one band to the other, giving Linda a stride of about 40 cm., and
  2 meters of chain connecting her right ankle with the right ankles of the women
  on either side of her. 20 women in each coffel.&nbsp;All the women walks in
  a permanent shuffling gait thanks to the constricting leg irons. She drops
  her legs and the sound of her chains clanking, mixes with the clinking of the
  other women's chains as they try to get comfortable on their only break that
  day. Linda glance up at the tower on the corner of the doubled barbed wire
  fences. Two male guards,&nbsp;armed with machine guns stand under the shading
  roof and peer down watching them carefully. A big searchlight is placed on
  the top of the tower. Linda wonder what they were thinking as they watch the
  women work. The same demoralising manual labour day after day. Surely their
  job watching us work must be equally boring and degrading. Linda wonder if
  they some time look down, getting secretly aroused by the sight of the hapless
  women working, or they just see them as faceless, nameless numbers. Inside
  the quarry, dark-skinned&nbsp;and brown eyed matrons patrol, keeping a strict
  eye on the female prisoners. Linda envies their smart always clean white uniforms.
  They wear an equipment belt around their waists with a club, and a whip that
  they use to keep unruly girls in line. They wear light sandals in the heat,
  and each matron has a girl that holds a parasol over her at all times for protection
  against the burning sun. They are adolescent girls, daughters of prisoners
  working in the quarry, but they are of course wearing the same striped uniforms,
  boots and leg irons, like the grown ups, and their heads are shaved. They are
  of course forbidden to go into the shade themselves. Linda tried to imagine,
  how it was to be forced to run in small steps holding a parasol over a fat
  matron, knowing she would be beaten with the whip, if the sun managed to hit
  her, while staying out in the blistering sun all day herself. Most of the matrons
  wear their hair up in military fashion, but some of the younger ones have it
  flaring free down their backs. Linda had always liked the uniforms of the matrons
  and if she had been a free woman, she might would have designed such a uniform
  herself. 
 She lies down on her back dozing, with her large breasts sagging down at
  each side of her chest. Then she feels a hand on her left shoulder, it's 552501,
  her wife, they were secretly married yesterday evening after spending nearly
  a year together on the chaingang, and are very much in love. 552501 leaps over
  on her right side with a slight rattle of her chains and begin&nbsp;to fondle
  311991&acute;s left breast through the moisten cotton. 311991 turns over towards
  her with a smile, feeling her right breast slide over and nestling itself on
  top of the left. - I love you Lajla - she whisper. - I love you too Linda -
  552501 reply - continuing with a - Happy honeymoon - making them both laugh
  a second. Linda then places her hand on Lajla`s left tit, right across the
  number stencilled on the blue stripped uniform, and begin stroking and fondling
  it carefully, very much on guard that nobody sees them. 
The whistle blows again and Linda and Lajla immediately stops petting and
  quickly raise off the ground as the other women with rattling sounds from the
  legirons, get to their feet. Matrons patrol again the pit and snarl commands
  for the chained women to get busy. Linda quickly grabs the well-worn wooden
  handle of her sledgehammer and lifts it until she holds it in both hands over
  her head, ready to return to work. The other women also resumed their positions
  around the rock quarry. A long whistle sounds, and 8000 women begins once again
  cracking and moving rocks. 
 In the rock quarry are women and girls off all races, types and shapes. Some
  are Negro workers, and Asian housemaids, sold cheap by their employers. They
  had become pregnant, to old or had been so naiv after years of working, dusting
  and cleaning, to ask when they would get paid and be allowed to go home. Some
  employers even gave them away for free, just to get rid of them. This was normally
  if their sons, or sometime them selves, had made a maid pregnant. But fare
  the most in this camp, are European like Linda and Lajla. Simply arrested on
  the beaches and in front of night-clubs at the hundreds of vacation centres
  and hotels along the coastline, and sentient by the local judges, paid by the
  mine owneres, to hard labour for life.
 There are no Arab women in the camp. Every prisoner has her head, armpits
  and crotch shaved closely once a month. They all wear a worn and dirty, blue
  striped prison frock, rubber boots and chains. They have become numbers, and
  it is strictly forbidden to use their former names. Their numbers are tattooed
  prominently, with large blue numbers on their foreheads. Making it impossible
  to pass as a free woman, should any of the labours manage to escape. It is
  also stencilled across the front and the back of the striped frocks. They are
  no longer beautiful women, they are smelly sweating slaves, covered with scares,
  sores and bruises from the hard work and whippings, and with faces smeared
  in snot and sweat. Like all the others Linda's nose are constantly dripping.
  It must be something about the dust from hammering and shovelling the stones
  in the intense heat.
 She glance down at her prison number as it moves across her swaying tits
  with each swing of her hammer. 311991. It is her official name now. 31 is a
  lot number, 19 her age when she was incarcerated and 91 the year. After eleven
  years in the labour camp, she are just number 311991. Linda, the young university
  student and tourist guide has disappeared a long time ago. But though always
  held on the edge of starvation and dehydration, suffering from open wounds
  that will not heal because of the dust and heat, and a vitamin deficiency that
  has made her loose all her teeth, she still has the remnants of female charm.
  And her sparkling green ejes, still have their magic, they can catch anyone
  who looks into them. 
 Her hands sting as the hammer bounces off the hard rocks. Chips of rock fly
  off as she toil. She raises the sledgehammer high and then crashed it down
  on the rocks, that are slowly reduced to gravel. The women spends fourteen
  hours a day breaking rocks, 7 days a week. So Linda smashes rocks day after
  day, while her life slowly pass by. 
 The matrons calls the women lazy sluts and horny cunts and yell at them to
  keep busy. Striking them with the whip, if they slack off for just a second.
  Linda feels the shackles tug at her ankles as she work. It is funny, but by
  the years, specially after Lajla had been put on the chain beside her, she
  has become to feel dependent of the leg irons on her ankles. When she march
  in lockstep she has become used to the way they tug at her and restrict her
  steps into short mincing ones. The minutes and hours ticks slowly by, as the
  women work, and the matrons watch and harass. She enjoys seeing Lajla cracking
  boulders next to her. Each time she raises her hammer, her large firm breasts
  presses the stripped sweatsoaked frock out in a curve, only wobbling a little
  when she smashes the hammer down. &nbsp;It was her big tits that brought her
  and her 2 year younger sister Debbie in trouble. Little over a year ago they
  had taken on a bathing vacation to (censured), trying to get some tan, before
  going back to&nbsp;their respectively college and university. To avoid the
  heat and crowds of tourists later that day, they went on an early morning shopping
  together in the old bazaar. But while Debbie had dressed in a modest plain
  dress and had taken a scarf over her curly blond hair, not to disturb the Arabs,
  Lajla had against Debbie's strong advises pulled a pair of tight pale blue
  jeans over her pantyhose, slipped&nbsp;her slender feet in a pair of high heeled
  pumps and pulled a tight white blouse over her D -sized bra, leaving her navel
  visible. In a matter of half an hour, Lajla was arrested for unmoral behaviour,
  and because Debbie was her sister, they also took her. Now they both had being
  breaking rocks in the quarry for a year. The to sisters has not been on speaking
  teams sins their arrival. Wonder why? 
How Linda met Lajla. 
All new slave labours are on their arrival, marched through the quarry before
  going to the intake block. Linda remembers clearly when Lajla and Debbie, handcuffed
  and chained together with eight other young women on a light chain, walked
  past her, while she were busy carrying and laying gravel. This day had been
  the second turning point in Linda's life. The first had been the day she decided
  to take the job as a tourist guide. The second day had begun just like all
  other days in the 10 miserable years she had spend breaking rocks, and moving
  stones. Beginning with the usual early brutal&nbsp;4 o'clock awakening and
  endless roll - call. Linda's chaingang, which then had consisted of only 19
  women, was picked to repair the road leading through the quarry. One girl had
  the day before been selected out and loosed&nbsp;from the chain, and taken
  to the punishment block, where she were first flogged, and then chained to
  the wall standing in the starving cells. This was the punishment for becoming
  too lazy (thin and weak) to work. 
 They had been busy working, under a close eje of an overseer, when the truck
  loaded with new females arrived. They had got out and was now in handcuffs
  and light transport chains led up the road. It was strikly forbidden to look
  up, but while they where continuing working, every woman in the chaingang tried
  to get a stolen glance of the new slaves. With half an eje Linda saw it was
  ten girls as usually, looking the same as usually, except that this time she
  was much closer to them than any time before. First came a georgeos looking
  tall woman with long dark brown hair, wearing a green swimsuit. She still wore
  her sunglasses op in her hair. She had a frightened and disbelieving look in
  her pretty face as she passed, looking down on the smelly bald slaves with
  disgust. Next came a blond slightly built girl not as tall as the first one,
  wearing a white bikini, and with a face totally dissolved in tears. The third
  girl had dark tangled hair just touching the shoulders, looking like she had
  been out swimming and not had managed to get the salt washed off, before her
  arrest. She was a little chubby. She was wearing an unbuttoned chequered shirt
  over her blue swimsuit, which was at least two numbers too small. It was very
  tight over her broad hips and op the crotch, but stretching only a little over
  her nice rounded small breasts. Then came a short, but study&nbsp;and strong
  looking Asian girl in a white apron over a paleblue smock. Her belly looked
  like she was 5 months pregnant. She just looked down, already fully accustomed
  to a females low value, and how women was required to behave in this part of
  the would. After her came 2 tall blond women. An older one about forty looking
  like she was a former model, with a short hairstyle, wearing a light grey jacket
  and short skirt over a white silk blouse and dark pantyhose, and a much younger,
  just as tall and with a glamaeuse appearance much similar with the older, with
  her&nbsp;golden blond hair flarrering down over her shoulders, wearing a cute
  dress with a pattern of coloured flowers , going to under the knees and white
  pumps. They were both wearing&nbsp;expensive sunglasses, and the younger one
  was also wearing a smart chick ladies hat that matched her dress and protected
  her face from the sun. Linda looked up on the next two girls. It was two tall
  and slender dirt blondes looking like sisters. They were both astoundingly
  good looking. Even if the first one was only in a very plane grey dress going
  down to her feet, she did have a very nice face, and beautiful curly hair put
  up in a pony tail. The other was in a tight white blouse and pale blue jeans. 
 Then the lightning struck! Linda was looking straight into two sparkling
  deep blue ejes in the prettiest face she had ever seen, framed by a mane of
  dirt blond hair, resting down over the shoulders. It was the very first time
  she saw Lajla, who were stirring right back into her green ejes, releasing
  all her homons on the same feelings as Linda. Feelings that both women had
  never thought they should feel for someone of their own sex. She was just so
  perfect, the red lipstick, makeup and the scent of her perfume that reached
  her now...&nbsp;Suddenly Linda was stricken again just as hard, but this time
  by the matrons whip. The burning trail going over her right shoulder and down
  her back, brought her back to reality. She had forgotten all about working
  and had slowed down, nearly stopped, while looking at that gorgeous young woman.
  She feverish resumed her work, keeping her ejes straight to the ground, straining
  herself to the utmost, not to be stricken again. Not daring to look at the
  last girl in the line. 
 Two hours later the newcomers were let out of the concrete intake block again,
  to be divided among those chaingangs which lacked girls. Linda couldn't help
  it looking up again. There were 8 white, one Asian and one black woman,&nbsp;They
  had now been shorn off all hair and was clad in the same stripped prison frocks
  and green rubber boots as all the other prisoners in the labour camp. On the
  front of their bald heads, gleaming of the thick yellow delousing grease, their
  hole bodies was smeared with, their new identity was printed deep and permanently
  into the skin with prominent blue numbers. In their hands they were each carrying
  a tin can. They walked stumbling around in short steps, not used to wearing
  legirons, and was ordered to line up in a strait line. Suddenly there was a
  screaming and a fuss. To matrons was dragging a woman and a girl, both struggling
  and screaming, in each other direction for chaining them in separate chaingangs.
  Linda could hear them scream Mom and Sara after each other. The numbers on
  their foreheads showed, that they were 42 and 20 years old. To male guards
  came the matrons to rescue, and after a short struggle, they were separated
  and dragged away crying while beaten with the clubs. &nbsp;A matron came in
  Linda's direction pushing a tall and slender girl stumbling in front of her.
  Tattooed on her forehead and stencilled on the stripped frock across her left
  tit was number: 552501. They were ordered to stop working, put down their sledgehammers
  and stand in row with hands clasped tightly behind their shorn heads. The matron
  bend down and connected the girls legirons, which were riveted around both
  her ankles over her rubber boots, to the chaingang just beside Linda. She could
  hear the girl subbing quietly, while the matron screwed the links together.
  Then she suddenly gave Linda a hard push and yield&nbsp;-You! Show her what
  to do! Ifs there any trouble with her, you will all get thrashed! Now back
  to work, all of you!
 Linda hurried picking up the sledgehammer, and while the other women began
  hammering again, she grabbed the new girl by the arm, showing her how she should
  hold the hammer with both hands. She couldn't speak, because her mouth were
  so dry. She would have to wait till she could pee and drink it, before saying
  anything understandable. The girls hands were slippery with delousing grease,
  and the sledgehammer heavy, but soon she was lifting and smashing the hammer
  against the hard rock in the demanded tempo. It was nearing noon and the temperature
  were already increasing op over the 40 C. After working little over an hour,
  the whistle blew, and all the women dropped to the ground , laying their hammers
  or shovels carefully at their sides. Now free for the matrons for an hole hour
  because of the heat, Linda squatted down over her tin can, trying to imagine
  waterfalls and rain for herself to be able to pis. After a time a splashing
  sound rose and she carefully pressed the last drops out, before lifting the
  can to her lips and&nbsp;begin drinking it slowly, letting it go three times
  around in the mouth before swallowing. Then she looked at the girl beside her.
  Sweat was pouring of her, and she sat panting with wide open mouth. Her frock
  was totally soaked with sweat and grease, and clung as painted to her body.
  She had very big and firm tits, and Linda could se her nipples pressing out
  through the wet stripped cotton like two buttons. - Hey - I am Linda I have
  been her for ten years, You was very good with the hammer, who are you? She
  asked&nbsp;with a horselig voice. The girl turned her head. She had makeup
  and lipstick smeared all over her face, which was glinsning with yellow grease,
  while to rows of even white and strong teeth was displaced in her open panting
  mouth. The skin were she had been tattooed was red and swollen. She looked
  up and their ejes met. YOU !!!- they both said simultainusly. Linda looked
  into the deepest blue ejes and felt an growing arrausment inside her. She just
  couldn't believe her luck. It was that beautiful dirt blond girl in the white
  blouse and tight jeans she had fallen in love with only hours ago. SHE had
  been put into HER chaingang right beside her, and she had been made responsible
  for her education to a quarry slave. 
Back to reality. 
Suddenly Linda feels the ejes of the matron looking in her direction, and
  awakens from her daydream. She continue to swing her sledgehammer at full strength,
  until the matron turns the other way again. Then she sneaks to look op, even
  it is forbidden. She sees Debbie working on the other chaingang just oppesite
  her, filling broken stones into large baskets, which they then carry op the
  steep sloops on their backs. She is totally ignoring her sister. In contrast
  to Lajla she has lost nearly all of her teeth, and her beauty has fainted away
  very quickly, during the year she has spend here. Now she are only a sweaty
  sun-scorched blob, like most of the women here, always feeling sorry for herself,
  blaming Lajla for her misfortune. And, Linda suspect, also a bit jealous of
  her sisters marriage with her.
 &nbsp;Late in the evening the whistle spews forth a loud sound and the chain
  gangs stops working. On command Linda and all the other women put their right
  hand on the shoulder of the girl in front of them, and begin to march in loch
  steps to the evening roll - call . The sun has already gone down, and for the
  last two hours, they have been working in the light from the searchlights.
  She feels Lajla`s slender hand on her shoulder. It feels good! They stop along
  the way to lay down their sledgehammers. Those girls who still has some urine
  left in the cans, quickly drink it. The entire chain gangs of 8000 women prisoners
  is divided in to 400 rows of twenty girls each. They line up in strait lines.
  If one stands just a half&nbsp;c.m. wrong, it results in one hard strike with
  the whip over the thighs on each of the 20 girls in the chaingang, and it is
  not allowed to scream. If one do`s it's all over again and again to it succeeds.&nbsp;Now
  follows a complete stripseach, to se if they had stolen any tools in the quarry,
  to be used for some desperate escape attempt. Even after eleven years Linda
  still can not get used to it. On command all the women unbuttons their stripped
  prison frocks, takes them off, and roll them together, before placing them
  on their shorn heads. They are allowed to keep the rubber boots on, because
  it is too difficult to pull the boots out under the metal bands encircling
  the ankles and stuff them back again. Stark naked with the right hands resting
  on the shoulder on the girl in front, only wearing the green rubber boots and
  the legirons, which are permanently riveted around the ankles, and holding
  their prison frocks and tin cans on their heads with the left, Linda and Lajla,
  and the 8000 other girls and women begin to shuffle in lockstep towards the
  food containers. 
 But first the body search. A matron goes to the end of each line, and pulls
  on a par of thick yellow rubber gloves. They have not been washed since they
  were used last. The first woman or girl in each row has to bend down in her
  knees. They can not spread their legs the normal way because of the leg irons.
  First the matron sticks the fingers in the girls mouth, taking her time and
  feeling it all over, then she fondle her ears, and if the girl are saggy breasted,
  like Linda and Debbie, she lifts them, looking after she is not hiding anything
  under them. Now comes the turn to the vagina, and at last the girl are ordered
  to bend over and the gloved fingers slips into her anus. After finishing the
  inspection there, they are pulled out and stuck right into the next girls mouth.
  Because they are chained together 20 slaves a peace, they can first go to the
  food containers, when all 20 are searched. Linda's and Lajlas chaingang are
  advancing slowly. It will take at least to hours, before all the girls are
  searched, and has eaten. Debbie is on the gang ahead of them. Linda looks down
  the back of the girl in front of her. It is the Asian girl called Nipples.
  She are rather short and extremely skinny, but very strong. She can lift even
  heavier stones than both Linda and Lajla, who both are taller and stronger
  than the average in the camp, and she has saved the entire chaingang for a
  collective whipping more than once. They are lucky having her on the chain.
  But she are totally flat breasted, the only signs is a pare of large conical
  formed nipples protruding directly from her chest. With her starved body and
  shaved head, the only way you can see she is a girl, is to look between her
  legs. She has never said a word English, but from her prison number Linda can
  see, she is 25 years old, and has been in the camp for about 2 years. Linda
  remembered seeing her arrive, even it was at a distance. She had walked on
  the road through the quarry, as they all had once,&nbsp;between a dark-haired
  young ordinary looking girl, a little to chubby after Linda's taste, wearing
  a tight orange bathing suit, and a platinum blond woman in her thirties, wearing
  an expensive red evening dress and high heels. Nipples as they have named her,
  because of her flat chest and that she had never told them her name, had been
  clad in the normal outfit for Asian girls arriving here. A white apron over
  a paleblue smock, and the shiny dark hair put up in the accustom maids hairstyle.
  She had been very pretty. How many years she had been slaving as a maid for
  nothing, before they send her here, are only to guess. 
 How Linda can remember all that? Because there are nothing ells to remember
  here. And female clothing, make up and hairstyle had always been a passion
  for her, ever sins she was a little girl. Had she not lost her liberty and
  had been sold to the mining company as a small part-payment for her employers
  dept, she knew she would have been a successful designer by now. All that's
  going on here are the same routine day after day. The female labours are at
  all time ordered what to do and how to do it, and are immediately stricken
  by the whip if they don't do it. 
 She begins to freeze. In the desert it gets cold at night. It's forbidden
  to look up, except when ordered, so she make stolen glances to the sites, when
  she feels the matrons are not to near her. She sees nothing but naked women
  glistering of sweat, standing in tight rows to both sites. Except for their
  height, they all looks nearly the same. Heavily tanned and sunburned, nearly
  skeletal starved bodies, scared all over, breasts hanging down, toothless.
  She knows from their numbers, that some of them has been her from 15 to 20
  years. One on the next chaingang, a tall woman with long legs, who once had
  told her, her former name was Hanna S(censured), has been a slave for 31 years
  now. Sins she as a 16 year old teenager, went on a vacation trip together with
  her school class. 
 Linda stands totally still, Lajla is just behind her. She can feel her toughen
  but slender hand on her naked shoulder, she likes it. From time to time she
  can feel Lajlas firm protruding breasts touching her back. She starts pressing
  them a little harder, and move them carefully back and forth over her sweat
  lubricated back. How dare she? And right here were everybody can se it, if
  they look this way! In all North African prison camps rules absolute chastity.
  All that just smells of sex is very much forbidden, especially between women.
  And for European females already condemned to be worked to death, it was the
  sure way to a heavy thrashing, and a slow death standing up chained to the
  wall in a starving cell. If anyone see it? Lajla stopped for a moment and then
  continued. - Ooh!! It felt good, she couldn't help it, she was turned on. Ooh!
  No! She was going to be inspected in half an hour. What if the matron found
  out? No she wouldn't. As a forced labourer Linda were permanent dehydrated.
  They never got a drop more fluid in their porridge, than absolute necessary
  to keep them alive, so there were no chance of getting wet down there. She
  and Lajla had been making love several times, when they felt secure not to
  be detected, and had had to use sweat to lubricate the privet parts, and if
  it happened anyway, it would drown in the yellow discharge, that all the prisoners
  were suffering from. 
 A half an hour later it is her turn. She sees the rubber gloved fingers being
  pulled from Nipples arse, with what can be suspected sticking to them. She
  go down in her legs, spreading them as much as possible, it is very straining
  to her thighs standing like that. She opens her mouth wide open, and the matron
  sticks the fingers deep into her throat, so she feels like choking. Then she
  feels under Linda's tongue and inspect her swollen gums, she has long past
  lost all of her teeth. Then after pulling her ears, she grab her large saggy
  breasts, with her slimy gloves and lift them, letting the toms go back and
  forth over the reddened long tube formed nipples, before letting them drop.
  Now it is her cunt. All the slaves are suffering from a vaginal disease, and
  new girls gets it quickly, thanks to the daily body search. It's coursing the
  inner labia lips to swallow up, and protrude like two pieces of raw meat, and
  the constant dripping of some yellow discharge. Linda tries to imagine it is
  Lajla, while she feels the gloved fingers penetrating her sore swollen lips
  and going op into her. The matron rather quickly pulls them out again, and
  Linda turns and bend over, so she can access her arsehole. Three fingers are
  pushed in, fumbles around to feel if anything are hidden and are pulled out
  again. Seconds later they are stuffed in Lajla`s mouth. The matron is busy,
  she has a lot of girls to go and want to get finished. As soon all 20 girls
  in the chaingang are searched, they are allowed to dress. Linda hurries to
  stick her thin arms through the sleeves, and pulls the frock over her shoulders
  with a gasp, It is still all wet and heavy of now cold sweat. She buttons it
  as fast as she can, all the way up to the collar, glad to been able hide her
  body again from curious eyes, and gaining a little modesty. Now finally she
  reaches one of the food containers, and are allowed to dig her empty tin can
  in the watery porridge. She fills the can, and begins greedily stuffing the
  sticky mass in her mouth with her fingers. It is filthy and smells like rotten
  eggs. Only the thousands of flies buzzing about seems to like the smell. It
  normally take newcomers at least 3 days before they overcome their disgust,
  and begin eating it. But for girls like Lajla and Linda, who had been working
  in the chaingang for years, the porridge was quickly swallowed, and the can
  and fingers licked totally clean, still leaving the skinny overworked girls
  hungry. 
 All the fluid they get, is in the porridge. Water are expensive out here,
  and after long repeated experiments at the university of (censored) using white
  women prisoners, it was documented, that by forcing them to drink all of their
  urine, 1/2 of the water could be sparred, and it only increased the death rate
  with 10%. Using Arab or African women for such experiments would have been
  highly unethical and out of the question. 
 &nbsp;Now they march in lock - step to the cellblocks, were they sleep at
  night. 400 cells in 20 concrete blocks without windows, each surrounded by
  a fence of electrified barbed wire, and scanned with searchlights all night.&nbsp;With
  her right hand on Nipples shoulder and Lajlas resting on her own, Linda marches
  through the heavy iron door entering block 6. The rattling sound raises to
  a infernal noise between the bare grey walls, as 20 chaingangs march to their
  cells. Soon they are safely locked up behind the barred iron doors, 20 each
  in 4x4 m damp concrete cells. The toilets is a stinking drain running along
  the bares. A new girl begins hysterical to sub and cry. Other girls just stands
  gripping the bars, with tears running silent down their cheeks, while the rest
  dead tired just stands and waits for the next order. Linda and Lajla quickly
  go down on their knees on the wet floor. She looks deeply into Lajla`s deep
  blue ejes, and the two girls gives each other a deep kiss letting their tongs
  go on discovery, tasting each others mouths, hoping the video linse , which
  are fitted in the ceiling of every cell, don't cache them. The two girls have
  been a couple ever sins the day Lajla arrived, and last evening, while they
  were eating, they were finally secretly married, by a young Scandinavian woman
  Ulla, from Debbie's chaingang. Ulla had been studying theology, but had made
  that mistake taking on a weekend bathing holiday to (censored) to relax, a
  week before her examination, without telling anybody at home, were she was
  going. Linda has to go to the drain to shit. It is very much forbidden to do
  so in the quarry. Finally there are a space she can squeeze in. She lifts her
  frock up over her hips, and leans against the bars and let go. She turns her
  head and can see a long row of bare bottoms against the bares in the opposite
  cells. The drains are been filled, and so are the humid air with the smell.
  She can hear, that the new girl are vomiting. 
 After half an hour a whistle sounds loud between the concrete walls. It's
  the signal to lie down. Bye regulations every girl has to lie down strait on
  her back to prevent any kind of masturbation and sex between inmates. This
  is specially necessary with white women. In the ejes of the Arabs, white women
  are born without any kind of moral, and has to be kept in strict chastity.&nbsp;Because
  of lack of space in the overcrowded cells, the women are ordered by regulations
  to lie down in tight rows with spread legs, and the head up in the crouch of
  the girl lying before her. Soon it is Linda's turn. Nipples raises her legs,
  so Linda can pass under her legirons, and moves up as tight as she can. Feeling
  Nipples wet thighs pressing at the sides of her shaven scull. Nipples then
  lowers her legs, resting her ankle chain over Linda's hips. Linda lifts her
  legs and feels Lajlas short stubble's tickle her inner thighs. It gives a little
  spark in her , when the top of Lajlas scull touches her protruding inner lips.
  She lets her feet down on each side of Lajla, and then stick her hands through
  the bigger centre ring in Nipples chain. They all have to lie down like that.
  This way all the women's hands are at all time visible to the video linse,
  and cannot during the sleep accidentally slide down touching naughty places.
  Linda lies straight, pressed from all sides, and unable to move a cm without
  the video linse registering it. She doesn't mind. She are dead tired from working
  at high speed 14 hours in the quarry. Now there are a hole 5 hours to the awakening.
  Owh, if it just wasn't for the constant thirst, and her always hungry stomach.
  It feels like the tongue are filling the mouth and it sticks to the swollen
  gums. It is lucky they have swollen so much. It make her cheeks look normally
  rounded. As long as she keep her mouth shut, nobody can se, she had lost all
  her teeth. She has a often coming good night thought, which pleases her and
  gives her a kind of&nbsp;comfort. 
 Right now down in the air-conditioned hotels, restaurants and night-clubs,
  there are ten young women and girls, enjoying themselves, some of them maybe
  even having sex. Not knowing, that they in the next couple of days will run
  into some policemen, earning a necessary extra income, and that they in only
  one week from now will lie down on a bare concrete floor, hungry and thirsty,
  and in chains, robbed of all their belongings and their beauty, sentence to
  life imprisonment in a real hard labour chaingang, Linda feels something wet
  touching her on the mid of her head. It must be Nipples labia lips.&nbsp;They
  are swollen and protruding like both Linda's and Lajlas. And all the rest of
  the slaves. She feels a drop of Nipples discharge running down her neck. Well,
  now its time to sleep. Tomorrow at 4 o'clock begins another day. 
To be continued! 
Copyright : Tofte. 
Amina.  
Amina is ready with the cane, as she stand on the tiny ledge, beside the
  steap path leading back down into the burning hot quarry. Frequently the smell
  of sweaty and dirty human bodies, reaches her nose, as the endless chain of
  bald slaves runs and slithers as fast as they can, chained together with legirons,
  down the slippery sloap to pick up a new heavy load, their breasts swinging
  and bouncing under their sweat soaked prison uniforms. The young girls she
  just let pass without noticing them. She only bother looking at the prison
  numbers, tattooed on the forheads, on the more mature women.  
 Finally - There she come. Nr. 373698, the former Mrs. Emma Hartson now 42
  years old, and examined civil engineer. The last thing is the reasone for Amina
  is send to the pits to fetch her.  
The prison camp is to the be largely expanded for making space for the new
  greater quantities of prisoners expected from Europe. Last time they expanded
  three years ago, the managers of the prison had also fetched Mrs. Hartson from
  the chain gang, for designing the new constructions, and they had been very
  satisfied with her work. So satisfied that they has decided using her again.  
"You ! &ndash; Come here ! Attention kneel ! " Amina commands.  
Twenty women chained together instantly steps onto the ledge, not blocking
  the path for the other chain gangs, drops to their knees and fold their hands
  on top of their sweaty scalps. Only one of them interest Amina. She loosen
  her legirons from the long chain, and order the rest of the women back to work.  
"Please, I can work! Please not the cells! My daughters!" She begins sobbing
  and begging. So she thinks, she is going to the starving cells. Anina thinks.
  Well, no harm in letting her believe it, until they arrive at the intake block.
  It is necessery to skrub all that dirt off before delivering her at the admistration
  block. It will be time enough telling her the truth then.  
"Come on!" Amina comands and gives the woman a slap with the cane over her
  bottom. The woman begins running as fast as she can wearing legirons and with
  her hands on her head. They run down the path towards the gate, leading out
  of the quarry to the starving cells. Lying behind it is the intake block. All
  prisoners have either to run or stand totally still. Walking is forbidden.
  Amina runs behind, while an adolcent slavegirl runs at her side, sheading her
  from the sun with a sunshade.  
 Amina is, despite she is only twentysix years old, one of the head matrons
  in the prison. She began as normal overseer in the quarry when eightteen. It
  had been a hot and tiring time spending long hours in the pit, overlooking
  and beating the slavewomen, but the wages was good, and every month the matrons
  had an one week vacation. Because of her officiousness and persistence in whipping
  her slaves to new records in pruduced gravel, she was promoted to a head matron
  after only two years. This ment that her duties now also consisted of going
  with the prison truck to the town fetching new prisoners.  
On her first trip she for the first time saw Mrs. Hartson.  
Because of her new status she was now allowed to go to the city with out
  a veil, so she better could study the westerners. The first time she felt near
  naked walking in public wearing western clothes, her dark hair waving freely
  down her back, and balancing on her new high heel pumps. Halfway over a cross
  the trafic light changed to red. She had begun running over before the crossing
  trafic started. Not used to her high heels, she stumbled over the curbstone
  and fell as long as she was on the sidewalk. Two young girls helped her up.
  A moment later their mother came and asked if she was all right and invited
  on a cup of coffee. Sitting at the sidewalk caf&eacute; they had chatted. The
  girls had told her they were Tina and Tonya, and their mother&acute;s name
  was Emma. They were on a bathing vacation together. They also happened to tell
  her that Emma was divorced long ago, and now had a fine degree at the university.
  She had just been employed as a civil engineer, and the vacation was to celebrate
  her new job, before she should begin next monday  
.  
 Amina had studied the two helpfull teenagers and their mother. The girls
  had redish long hair, and were slightly freckeled. Their mother was blond,
  having her hair just tuching her shoulders in a smart way They were all three
  tall and good looking and seemed strong and healthy. They were travelling alone,
  and beeing a female divorcee is in this country forbitten by law. This also
  apply to foreigners if reported to the police. Amina knew she would be rewarded
  if she reported them, and there was also something els. Emma was a beautifull,
  smiling and engaging woman, and had a sensuality wich penetrated Amina, making
  her feel things, she knew were a sin and very much forbidden. After saying
  goodby and thanking for the cofee, she had stopped the first policecar she
  saw. She later received 100$ for Emma, and 50$ for each of the girls. It had
  been the easiest 200$, she had ever earned.  
The baldheaded woman, running in front of her, stumbles in her chains near
  falling, and Amina gives her a hard blow with the cane right across her back.
  Her prison frock is so worn and dirty the vertical blue strips are nearly invisible.
  But even after six years of slave work and rough treatment, she to moves in
  a very feminine way. The effect on Amina running right behind her, are somewhat
  like those at the sidewalk caf&eacute; now long ago.  
They reaches the barbed wire fence surrounding the pit, and an armed guard
  opens the gate, and let them pass. Coming from that direction Amina decides
  to make a short cut, by passing through the punishment block with the starving
  cells on their way to the intake block. It is located in the middel of the
  hole prison camp complex, and consists of two large concrete buildings, separated
  from the rest of the camp by a high wall with iron spiks and barbed wire on
  the top, making escape extra impossible. One building is for punishments and
  the other contains the starving cells, where all the slaves will end up sometime,
  when they are no more fit for work. Two armed guards opens the south gate to
  the punishment area, and Amina push Emma through. They run between the gray
  buildings made of concrete. One of them has narrow heavely barred windows sitting
  high in the walls. The other is windowless. From the building with the narrow
  windows, they can hear heavy thuds and screams.  
Emma gives a sigh of relief, when they are let out again through the north
  gate in the wall, and again through another gate in the barbed wire fence,
  to the intake block.  
Two capos are waiting wearing rubber aprons and rubber gloves. Amina order
  her to strip, and with callous fingers Emma unbuttons the frock and takes it
  off, revealing a body encrusted with filth. The iron master removes the chain
  connecting her feet, and pull off her worn boots, leaving her only with the
  iron rings encircling her ankels. The two capos pushes her under a shower head,
  and begin skrubbing her down with stiff brushes. It hurts every time they skrubs
  over an abrasion or sore, but Emma is more attented to the shower head above
  her. It is the first time in years she drink real water instead of sticky porridge
  and urine. After having scrubbed her clean, the capos shaves her carefully
  all over, not leaving a single stubble.  
Emma stand at attention in front of Amina. She eyes her carefully. For a
  moment their eyes meet. Amina feel a sudden arouse rising in her. Then she
  slaps Emma hard in the face, and order her to look down un the floor. "What
  a whore!" She shouts at her: "It is a luck, that sinfull body is away from
  the streets! Both that of yours and those of your two raunchy daughters!"  
Emma looks down and starts crying. Scrubbed clean she reveal a skeletal starved
  body. Heavely bruised and scared all over by daily beatings, and with open
  festering wounds on both limbs and body. Her breasts are hanging down, and
  her nipples has grown abnormal hugh and long. Amina looks at her crotch. Her
  inner labias are swollen and hangs out like two pieces of raw meat. Some new
  discharge has already begun running down her legs. Amina hands her a pair of
  rubber panties. They are yellow transparent, and are baggy with an elastic
  rim around the waist and legs. When she has put them on, her wounds are plastered
  , and she is given a new par of rubber boots. . A light chain is attached to
  her ankel rings, and bound up with a string around her waist, so they whon&acute;t
  scrape the floor. She is given a white smock to wear with a large P stenciled
  on the front and the back, and finaly she is handcuffed.  
Finish preparing her, Amina delivers her to the administration building.
  When she in a couple of weeks is finished with her work there, she will again
  be dressed in her old frock, boots and heavy chains, and will be sent back
  to work in the quarry. To be sure she don&acute;t get tempted to delay her
  work in the drawing office, so she can stay longer, she is told, her daughters
  are orderet on half ration and extra quotas of work, until she is finished.  
The starving cells.  
Finally over with her, Amina can return to her quarters. But first she will
  pay a visit to nr. 362098, Miss Veronica M&hellip;! She usually do that every
  day, if she had got the time. In the last six years she has done all she could,
  to make life as miserable as possible for that nasty little slut!  
She had met her on her third trip to town, and they had instantly become
  real friends. They had spend most of their time together every time Amina was
  in town. Veronica was an Italian, but lived there as a turist guide. They were
  of same age, and Amina had learned from her how too agt like a Westerner. They
  had gone on quite a few shopping toures together, and had teased the young
  men trying to come in contact with the two darkhaired browneyed beauties, when
  they arm in arm went through the city, or sat over their capuccinos at the
  caf&eacute;s.  
One evening, instead of kissing godnight as usual in front of Amina&acute;s
  hotel, Veronica had gone with her up to her room. They had ordered champagne,
  and after stripping off shoes and jeans, they sat together in bed, as girls
  do, with their glasses, listening to music and having fun chatting and teasing.  
After some time they had stopped chatting, and had just sat looking into
  each other&acute;s eyes, while soft music played in the radio. Veronica had
  taken Amina&acute;s hands in her&acute;s, and sitting on their knees in the
  bed, they had started kissing. Amina felt Veronica&acute;s fingers unbuttoning
  her blouse and then she had unbuttoned her`s. Slowly they had undressed each
  other. First the blouses, then came the bras, and after continuing kissing
  and foundeling a while, the panty hose and panties followed the scattered clothes
  on the floor.  
One hour later Amina was shaken by the first orgasm in her life, and
    seconds after Veronica screamed out hers. They had continued kissing and
    foundling. Then Veronica had fallen asleep. Amina began thinking while lying
    naked beside her. Her hymen was still intact. She could still get married.
    Veronica had been very carefull not stikking her fingers too fare up in her,
    knowing she was a virgin. But she had comitted a mortal sin!  
  Women is not allowed enjoying sex! That is what she has been raised with. As
  a daughter in a wealthy and rather liberal family, she belong to one of the
  first generation of girls not been circumcised, and now she had brocken their
  trust!   
She had carefully creept out of bed not waking Veronica, and after she had
  found her own clothes among her&acute;s and had got dressed, she picked up
  the telephone receiver and said to the hotel&acute;s telephone operator: "Give
  me the police please! I have been raped!"  
Amina enters the punishment block again. For the last week Veronica has been
  locked in the starving cells. She was cought trying to make an escape atempt,
  and was immediately sentenced to death. While working at the fare end of the
  quarry, she had begon hammering on her leg irons instead of the rocks. She
  had got a mental breakdown and simply couldn&acute;t stand it anymore. After
  six years living in hopeless misery, she would rather risk dying under a desperate
  atempt to get free again, than suffer one more day in the pits. She would hide
  between the rocks to nightfall, and then try to find a way out through the
  dobbelt barbed wire fences, in the few seconds between the searchlights went
  over the area. The other girls on the chain gang had been frightened. They
  knew the entire chain of girls would get punished if one was missing at the
  evening roll-call. They had called out for the matron to come quickly, and
  Veronica was stopped long before, she managed to breack the chain.  
"I will like to see prisoner nr. 362098 !" She tells the head matron
    of the punishment block. 
"O.K. Amina, you know the way." She answers.: "Her is the key to cell 037. If
you will be so kind signing for it."   
Amina walkes over to the starving cell building. One of the two armed guards
  sitting in the shade of an open shed unlocks the heavy iron door, and locks
  it again as soon as Amina has entered. She stands still for a moment. It is
  pitch dark. The air is hot and humid, with small flies buzzing around, and
  the stench is overwhelming. From the darkness she can hear faint remote sounds.
  A girl is crying somewhere, rattling chains, and some coughs and moans. She
  turns on her torch, and walks slowly down the corridor lined with rusty iron
  doors on both sides. Each has a small barred openning at the top covered by
  a hinged rusty flap. There are 150 cells. The 139 are currently occupied. Amina
  lift the flap on one of the iron doors, and holds the torch to the barres and
  peep in. In the dim light she can see a thin naked girl slumping forwards.
  She is hanging by her arms, which are twisted behind her back, from a ring
  in the wall. Her small breasts points directly downwards like two cones. She
  first hangs if she is already dead. But then, disturbed by the light, she begines
  moaning, tries to lift her head and makes some noises with her leg irons. Amina
  let the flap go down, continues down the corridor, and stops at the one marked
  037. She turns the key in the lock, unbolts the door and pulls it open with
  a screaking sound. She directs the beam from her torch into the cell. A naked
  woman is leaning against the wall. On her forhead is nr. 362098 printed deep
  into her skin.  
"Hello Veronica, have you missed me? Please don&acute;t say you havn&acute;t
  !"  
Veronica blinks with her eyes, blinded by the sudden light, and makes
    a grunting sound. 
"Get down on your knees darling I has something for you." Amina says, as she
pulls down her panty hose and panties and lifts up her skirt. The naked woman
tries to get as fare down as she can, but her hands are cuffed behind her back,
to an iron ring in the concrete wall.   
 All the women locked into the starving cells to die, are chained like this.
  It prevents them from masturbating and sitting down.  
By twisting her shoulders to over the pain level, Veronica manage to force
  herself down on one of her knees. She opens her mouth, and Amina starts peeing,
  directing the stream so it hits her in her face and mouth.  
"That&acute;s enough, now get up!" Amina says, while pulling up her panties
  and panty hose again. As Veronica straines to get up, the rattling sounds from
  her legirons, echoes through the dark corridor between the bare concrete walls.  
"See what I have brought specialy for you?" Amina says, showing her the rubber
  baton.  
"Slave nr. 362098 humbley begs to be punished for her awfull sin." Veronica
  says with a horsely voice. She has long ago learned what to reply. Any other
  answer will only result in yet more pain.  
Awfull sin! She thinks. How could the most wonderful evening in her entire
  life together with her best friend ever, result in so much pain and need? She
  had been seriously in love with Amina, and despite all what has happened through
  the years, she still is!  
At the police station Amina had accuse her for raping her, shouting at her
  they now both would go to hell, because of her sin.  
Sex between women is forbidden by law, so her sentence to life imprisonment
  was fair enough. After having arrived to the prison camp to serve her sentence,
  she was not completely surprised, when she saw Amina. She had known from their
  first days as friends, she was some sort of prison wardress, but she had never
  emagined anything like this.  
From the very first day, Amina had seeked her out nearly every day, while
  she was working on the chain gang, and had inflicted additional punishments
  on her. Each time it started with Amina forcing her to beg for further punishments
  for her sin. Then she had made her perform all kinds of humiliating acts before
  her fellow prisoners, who had been allowed to laugh at her. Then she had either
  beaten her with the cane, kicked her in the stomach or punched her in the face.
  Amina has brocken the nose on her several times and kicked out her teeth.  
Amina hits her hard up between her legs with the rubber baton. Because Veronica&acute;s
  vagina and labias are so swollen and inflamed, the pain nearly makes her faint.  
"Se how dirty your cunt is!" Amina says, showing her the blood and slime
  on the baton.  
"Lick it clean!" Amina sticks it into her toothless mouth and turns it, til
  she begins to choke. After that she orders her to hop on the spot. For the
  next ten or fifteen minuttes Veronica jumps up and down making a loud noise
  with her leg irons, and making her long flabby breasts swing and dangel back
  and forth, to Amina&acute;s enjoyment. Occasionally she beats her over both
  shoulders with the baton, knowing it will cause her a lot of pain in many hours
  forwards. Veronica is pouring with sweat, when Amina finally allows her to
  stop.  
"Now! Stand straight darling!" Amina orders. Veronica knows what that meen.
  She relax her bellymuscles as much as she can. She has been through this so
  many times, that she know if she don&acute;t, Amina will just do it again.
  Amina steps back out of the tiny cell, and focus on the right spot under Veronicas
  clearly visible ribs and her belly button. Then she leaps forward, and places
  her right boot as hard as she can in Veronica&acute;s stomach.  
"Se you tomorrow darling!" Amina says to the vormiting and crumpling woman.
  Then she close the heavy iron door with a bang, pushes the bolts home and turn
  the key in the lock. The noise she and Veronica have made, has awakened several
  of the occupants in the other cells. On the way back to the entrance door,
  she can hear rattling of chains, moaning, pleading and begging from behind
  the locked and boltet iron doors she passes.  
The sun is blinding as she is let out again by the guard, and she takes a
  big breath of fresh air. Now she will go back to her room, take a long shower,
  and dress in a new clean uniform, before she go to the meeting with her boss
  before dinner.  
Going to town.  
Amina stands with her travel bag, and covered in a black chador over her
  smart uniform, waiting for the prison transport truck. Her boss has orderet
  her to make the next trip to the seaside town, to pick up a new bunch of prisoners
  waiting in the local jail. Outside the prison camp, she is just a woman like
  all other and has to be covered, if not on special duty. The truck stops and
  she climps up beside the driver. He knows her well. It is often her, who is
  send to the city after new slaves. It is a long drive, and it is late in the
  afternoon, when they arrive. She checks in at her usual hotel. The local jail
  has only got nine unlucky turists for her, so she has to use the evening to
  find one more, so she can return with a full load of ten women.  
In her room she peel of the black chador, and change from her white uniform,
  to a short flowered dress and black tights. After brushing her dark brown hair
  so it shines, and letting it fall down her back, she puts on make up, earings
  and jewellery, sticks her feet into the red high heel pumps and go hunting.  
It is nice and cool by the seaside in the evening. Something very different
  from the oppressive heat and dust, up at the prison camp, and here the young
  girls and women smells of soap and perfume, not sweat and filth. She only has
  a few hours if she is going to succeed, so she walkes straight to the "Pink
  Blossom", a secure hunting ground.  
Many westerners, specially women, goes to the luxury centres in their hollydays
  for sex, and for some of them, it don&acute;t mean men. She sits at the bar,
  and the waitress gives her a smile. They know each other. Soon after she hears
  the waitress saying something to a woman, who has just entered, and a moment
  later a rather ordinary but nice girl sits beside her, and ask if she would
  like a drink. They talk for a while, and Amina thinks it about time to lure
  her to the hotel room, when her eyes are court by a red dress sweeping through
  the room. An hour later Amina leaves the Pink Blossom together with a blond
  bombshell of a woman, Irina she says her name is, while the ordinary looking
  girl sits behind, cursing her bad luck.  
An hour later naked in bed together at the hotel, Amina feels a genuine arousment
  while kissing and feeling Irina&acute;s large breasts rub her own medium sized.
  She smells and tasts so nice. She really would like to continue, but knows
  she will get herself in trouble, if she do. Reluctant she reaches out for the
  telephone and lifts of the receiver. As soon as the girl at the reception desk
  sees the red lamp light up, she gives a signal to the waiting policemen, and
  five minutes later Irina blushing and crying is forced to pick up her clothes
  from the floor, were she had strewn them half an hour before, and getting dressed
  before she handcuffed is taken away.  
Amina stays in bed until the police has gone. Then she ment to take on her
  nightdress, but ends up staying naked in bed, while she, after having twisted
  the blanked into a rope, pulls it slowly back and forth in her crotch. She
  snifs the scent from Irina&acute;s perfume from the pillow. The rest of the
  night she feels very wet, very much aroused and very much alone.  
Tracy.  
Tracy wakes to the sound of people coming down
    the corridor, and the door to her cell is unlocked.&nbsp; About time, she
    thinks! Two days in jail is not the most inspiring experience, being on what
    should have been a sun bathing vacation.&nbsp; She will certainly complain
    to the travel agency as soon as she is home again.   
&nbsp;  
  Two days ago she arrived at the hotel only to be told it was overbooked.&nbsp; When
  she asked where she then were going&nbsp; to sleep, the girl at the reception
  desk said it was not their problem, but she could try to phone the travel agency&acute;s
  lokal guide the next day.   
 
"What do you mean?&nbsp; I paid in advance.&nbsp; I want you to give me a room
now, or find another hotel for me!" she demanded. They argued, and it all ended
with with the receptionist phoned the police.&nbsp; They simply arrested her,
and she was taken to the local police station. She was locked into a tiny cell
where she had been ever since. They kept her suitcase and handbag, and had her
hand over her wristwatch, necklage, rings and earrings.&nbsp; So nobody would
steal them, they said.   
&nbsp;  
  The door opens and two men enter her cell.&nbsp; One is an uniformed police
  officer, the other seems to be a lawyer.&nbsp; Without giving her time to say
  anything he announces she is going to court accused of making trouble. Before
  she has time to react, she is handcuffed and taken down the corridor, to what
  seems to be a court room.&nbsp; Nine other women are there already.&nbsp;They
  are told that all ten will be judged at the same time. Four of them are, as
  Tracy, in normal clothes.&nbsp; One wears what looks like an expensive party
  dress and high heels.&nbsp; One, wearing horn-rimmed glasses, is in a plain
  gray dress and a woolen jersey,&nbsp; looking like she is a librarian.&nbsp; One
  is only wearing a swimsuit, and the last two, looking like sisters, are both
  barefooted and dressed in silk pajamas, one green and the other blue.   
 
  Suddently a woman dressed in a black chador enteres the room.&nbsp; In perfect
  English she tells them all to line up.&nbsp; &nbsp;Then she slowly walks down
  the line, studying them, before she turns to the lawyer and says something
  in Arabic.&nbsp; An elderly man with a long beard enters, apparently the judge,
  and takes his place behind a desk.&nbsp; The lawyer says a few words to him
  in Arabic, gives him a boundle of money and steps aside.&nbsp; The judge say
  something also in Arabic, then rises and leaves the room.&nbsp; It all only
  takes a few minutes.   
  
  Tracy and the other women look puzzeled at each other.&nbsp; What was that?&nbsp; What
  did that mean?&nbsp; Are we finally allowed to go?&nbsp; Why are we still handcuffed? 
"Silence!&nbsp; My name is Amina."&nbsp; The woman in the black chador shouts.&nbsp; "I
am here to take care of you.&nbsp; You have all been found guilty, and are now
going to prison!"  
&nbsp;"What!!!" &ndash; "Guilty in what?" &ndash; "For how long?" &ndash;   
"No we won&acute;t, I demand to make a phone
    call!"   
Amina gives a signal, and four burly looking
    police officers pick up a long shiny chain, which they padlock around the
    waists of each woman.&nbsp; Chained together they are (still protesting)
    lead out through a door and straight into a prison transport truck, where
    their waist chain is locked to rings behind a narrow beanch at each side,
    so they sit five and five facing each other .&nbsp; The door is shut and
    locked. Through the narrow barred windows, Tracy sees Amina get in beside
    the driver, who starts the engine and begins steering the armoured vehicle
    through the heavy trafic. 
   
  It must be hours since they left the city and turned onto the dusty and bumbling
  desert road.  
"Where in hell are they taking us?"&nbsp; One of the pajama girls askes, breacking
the silence. She continues with a tired voice, "My sister and I ,-&nbsp;Oh sorry! &ndash; She
is Sara, I am Monica, was told at the hotel it was overbooked, but they had a
single room left, if we could share one bed.&nbsp; Of course, we could do that,
we are sisters!&nbsp; Better than wandering the streets all night, waiting for
the guide to apear.&nbsp; But in the middle of the night, the door suddenly busts
open and a horde of police officers tramp in and say we are under arrest for
lesbiansm. Hey!&nbsp; We are sisters! We try to tell them.&nbsp; But then they
say now we were also under arrest for incest!&nbsp; And as you see, they didn&acute;t
even allow us to dress.&nbsp; What&acute;re your names?" she asks looking around.&nbsp;   
Tracy says her name.&nbsp; The girl in the
    swimsuit says she is Patricia.&nbsp; The tall woman with bleached hair in
    the party dress says her name is Irina. The gray librarian says, with a low
    shy voice, that she&acute;s Jamie.&nbsp;   
"Silence in there!&nbsp; You are not permitted
    to speack!"&nbsp; A&nbsp; loudspeaker cracks out loudly. Oh no!&nbsp; The
    hold must be wired.&nbsp; They can hear it is&nbsp; Amina, who is sits up
    in front.&nbsp; She and the driver can hear everything, they say.   
 
  They continue driving on through the desert.&nbsp; Regulary they pass trucks
  loaded with gravel comming the opposite direction.&nbsp; Studying the sun,
  Tracy believes, it must be early&nbsp; afternoon when the transport truck begins
  slowing down and she can see towers with search lights on the roofs, and endless
  rows of barbed wire fences.&nbsp; The truck stops.&nbsp; Armed guards walk
  about.&nbsp; It starts again, and they pass through first one heavy barred
  gate, and soon after, another.&nbsp; Then it stops beside some gray buildings. 
   
  Amina gets out, and immidiately she takes off her black chador revealing a
  smart white uniform and dark brown straight hair going half down her back.&nbsp; She
  wears sunglasses. In her left hand she holds a white sunshade protecting her
  from the burning sun, and in her other a long thin cane. 
"Come on, out!" She commands, as soon as some guards, have unlocked them from
the steel rings in the truck.&nbsp; Tracy jumps down, nearly pulling the next
girl with her, because of the short chain between them.&nbsp; The sun beats down
over them with intensity, not to be compared with the nice warm sun at the turists
resorts at the sea. 
"Follow me, and no talking!" She says with a commanding voice, and start walking
towards a gate in a high brick wall with pointed spikes on the top.&nbsp; An
armed guard opens it for them, and they enter a long road or path going through
what seems to be a large stone quarry.   
 
  Tracy is astonished by the sight.&nbsp; The whole pit seems crawling with thousands
  of people, clad in dirty striped frocks, hammering, carrying and dragging rocks
  and gravel.&nbsp; And they are all bald headed and in chains.&nbsp;   
"What is this? Oh my God! - They are women!"&nbsp; Monica
    outbusts.&nbsp; Before she can say any more, Amina turnes around, and hits
    her hard over her pajamas bottom with her cane.&nbsp; Monica gives a short
    scream, and keeps quiet, exept for her and her sister letting out small "Iiihhh!" and "ouch",
    having to walk barefoot on the burning gravel.   
 
  As they pass a group of convicts working near the path, Tracy tries to get
      a good look at them.&nbsp; They are soacked with sweat and dirt.&nbsp; Most
      of them are starved like skeletons, and have open sores on their knees
      and other places.&nbsp; The group is chained together with legirons over
      what look like green rubber boots.&nbsp; Their breasts swing and bounce
      under their sweat clinging uniforms with every movement.&nbsp; To her horror,
      she sees they all have a number printed on their forheads.&nbsp; &nbsp;What
      have these poor girls done, since they are punished so hard?   
 
  Tracy doesn`t want to see more of the misery.&nbsp; Instead she concentrates
  on Amina leading the way.&nbsp; She thinks, she is smart looking in her fine
  uniform, her bottom wriggling in a sexy way every step she takes.   
 
  At last they enter a building at the fare end of the path.&nbsp; It feels cool
  after walking through the quarry.&nbsp; A guard removes their waistchain and
  their handcuffs.&nbsp; Tracy hopes they soon will be given something to drink. 
   
"Get in line and listen!"&nbsp; Amina says with a loud voice.&nbsp; "You have
all been sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labor, for your crimes!&nbsp; &nbsp;You
are going to spend your whole sentence here in Prison Camp nr.: 47 !&nbsp; &nbsp;Don&acute;t
ever think of escaping.&nbsp; You are never going to leave this place alive,
and it is a death sentence if you try!"   
 
  Tracy can&acute;t believe, what she is hearing.&nbsp; Gasps are heard, some
  begin to cry, and one faints and falls as long as she is on the floor.&nbsp; A
  matron goes over to her and helds a bottle of ammonia under her nose, and she
  come to herself at once, and soon stands in the line again.  
"And now all you ladies are going to take off all your clothes of and leave it
on the floor.&nbsp; Anyone who&acute;s not completely naked in two minutttes,
will be punished with the cane.&nbsp; Now begin!"&nbsp;   
  
   After a few gasps and quiet protests, the women begin undressing. They
  all know there is no way out. Trying not to look at any of the people around
  her, Tracy grasps the hem of her sweater and pulls it over her head. Underneath
  she wears a pink blouse. She pulls down the zippers on her black leather boots
  and takes them off. The concrete floor feels cold through her thin nylon feet.
  Moving quickly in fear of the matrons, and trying not to think of the armed
  male gaurds watching them, she unbuckles her belt, unzips her jeans, pushes
  them down to her ankles and steps out of them. Then she undoes the blouse buttons
  and pulls it off, leaving her standing only in bra, panty hose and panties.
  She reaches around her back and unclips the bra, lets the straps fall off her
  shoulders, and it flutter down to the floor to join the growing piles of discarded
  clothes. She pushes her thumbs into the elastic waistband of her panties and
  panty hose, shoves them both down at the same time, steps out of them and kicks
  them aside. She freezes a bit standing nude in the concrete room. She folds
  her arms across her breasts, trying to cover them as well as she can. She looks
  around. Most of the other women are already naked as herself. Only a few still
  have some underwear to take off.  
Tracy&acute;s eyes suddenly catch site of the dull and gray librarian, Jamie.
  She has just pulled off her flesh colored panty hose, and is reaching for the
  bra. She chickens out and pulls down the cotton knickers instead, trying to
  keep her breasts covered as long as possible. Finally she unlocks her bra,
  and lets it fall to the ground, revealing a pale but shapely body. She is gorgeous.
  Her perfect body is both soft and athletic at the same time. Her breasts stand
  out large and firm, only quivering a little, when she moves.  
She takes off her clumsy horn-rimmed glasses, and unties the knot holding
  her straw blond hair tightly back. It waves freely down like a fan revealing
  natural waves. Other women pay fortunes to have such beauty created at the
  hairdresser.  
There is a stillness in the room. Everybody looks at her now. The gaurds.
  The matrones. The capos. Even the row of naked women widen their eyes at the
  site of her, some letting their hands slowly fall, forgetting to cover their
  breasts and privat parts.  
As Jamie stands there naked, her hair waving softly down just touching her
  shoulders, arms down at her sides, and looking straight ahead with wet, soft
  blue eyes, she is the most beautiful woman, any of the spectators has ever
  seen. A body worth millions if she had been a model or actress.  
The only one in the room not seeing it is herself. Ever since puberty she
  has hated her body. It began when she was the first in her class to develop
  breasts which made the other girls tease her. Her overprotecting mother, who
  had given birth to her at a very young age, was a rabid feminist and hated
  men. She had never told Jamie who her father was, and was always against her
  having any kind of boy friends. Just like Jamie&acute;s classmates, she told
  her she was ugly, and with how she looked, she had better keep her body hidden
  under concealing clothes. Alone in her bed she often had wet dreams, and many
  nights, her fingers found their way down to her sex under the blancket. Once,
  she asked her mother that since she had no chances with the boys, if she would
  allow her to take a girlfriend home and sleep with her a night. Her mom first
  laughed at her, then she agreed But as Jamie was about to leave the room, she
  said: "You better be sure the lights are out before you undress and creep into
  bed with her!" So that was that. She remained a virgin!  
 As nannyish as her mother was against her own daughter, she was just as
  firm with protecting other women&acute;s rights. A month ago at a meeting,
  she made a speech arguing against those immigrants from the Middel East who
  forced their daughters into arranged marriages. Two weeks later she and Jamie
  were forced into a closed van and drugged. When they woke up, they found themselves
  locked in a jail cell in a foreign country&acute;s police station. They put
  Jamie on the first transport to the prison camp, assuming she was a nobody,
  but had kept her mom at the police station for further interrogation.  
 Like everybody else, Amina stands stunned for a moment. Comming to her senses,
  she switches her cane across the girl&acute;s smooth, firm milky white bottom
  leaving a bleading trace, and commands her to be first to sit down on the bench.
  Seconds later the electric clipper plows a broard path through her hair. The
  buzzing takes less than a minute, leaving only a few scattered short stubles
  on her head. The capo then buzzes away her eyebrows and with a slash of her
  hand, she orders her up. As the next woman sits down on the bench to be shorn,
  Jamie is forced down onto a low table. Two capo&acute;s hold her legs wide
  apart while a third removes her golden bush leaving her tight virgen labias
  naked.  
Tracy trembles to see the other women one by one being robbed of their hair.
  She always thought a bald head on a woman looked fucked, now she was going
  to have one herself. With a clasp of the capo&acute;s hand, the young girl
  in front of her rises and walks to the table.  
"Oh No &ndash; Now it it&acute;s me!" she thinks. She looks at the bench.
  It is strewn with hair in all different colours, and wet with both old and
  new sweat and menstrual blood. She had already noticed, that at least three
  of the women had their periods.  
Trying not to think, she sits down on the mess and immidiatly the capo grasps
  her hair. The electric clipper hits her forhead and runs right over her head.
  It is burning hot, as it already has shorn six women before her. The buzzing
  sound and vibrations fill her head. The capo is skilled in her job and only
  a minute after she sat down on the bench, Tracy feels a hard slap on her left
  thigh. Tracy rises in a hurry, hair tickling down over her breasts and body.
  She feels very cold across her scalp, as she sees the girl ahead of her lying
  spread legged, having her dark triangle removed. Now it is her turn. The table
  is just as filthy as the bench was, except the hairs here are short and frizzy.
  She sits down on the edge and lies back on the table, feeling the other women&acute;s
  pubic hairs tickle her back. Two capos grap each of her legs, and a third begins,
  without using any kind of form or soap, to shave her crotch with a razor. It
  hurts!!! The razor is dull and halfway cuts, and pulls the hairs out of the
  skin. When she is finished, her labia and the skin around are not only completely
  hairless, but also scraped and bleeding.  
Registration! - When the row of shorn and naked women realize, they all are
  going to be tatooed with their prison nummers, just like the slaves they saw
  on their way to the intake block, some of them begin to revolt. Soon after,
  the matrons, with help from some guards, have restored order. One after another,
  the arrivals, two of them crying in pain after a heavy thrashing, showing welts
  and new bruises on their buttocks and thighs, sit down and have their head
  fastened with straps to a frame. Tracy feels sick as she watches the girl ahead
  of her being released, with the number 341704 printed deap into the skin on
  her forhead.  
Bzzzzzzzz! It hurt! It sting! It is awful! Tracy sit with her head strapped
  into the frame, while the needle prints the blue ink into her, marking her
  forever as a convict. Even if she should once manage to get out of here, everybody
  will at once recognize her as an escapee, and she will be brought back for
  punishment.  
"What have I done wrong?" She sobs. "The only thing I wanted was one week
  of sunbathing, and nothing to think of except relaxing!"  
When she is released from the strappes, and the next girl is pushed into
  the chair. Tracy&acute;s future identity, nr. 562304 is now marked prominently
  on her. She is the 56&acute;th 23 year old woman confined here in 2004 !  
When all ten women are tattooed, they are lead into the next room, where
  two capos wearing rubber aprons and rubber gloves are waiting for them. They
  are told, they are going to be body searched and deloused, and are ordered
  to hold up their arms, and spreading their legs. After turn the women are first
  looked into the mouth. The capos don&acute;t dare sticking their gloved fingers
  into them at this stage, afraid of been bitten. In the evening, after their
  first six hours on the chain gangs, the new slaves will be so tiered and, subdued,
  there won&acute;t be any risk for that anymore. The capos foundle their breasts,
  feeling if they have any implants. Many shameless Europeen and North American
  women have their breasts enlarged, so they can attract men. This time there
  is only one. The capo smiles and tells it loudly to Amina, as she squeeze the
  large tits of nr. 623204. Her tits are going to look very funny, when she looses
  weight! Then the fingers go up into the vaginas. At last Jamie loos her virginity.
  But not in the way she had always dreamed. The profit here are three pessaries
  and two tampons. They are told they are shameless whores, using such things.
  At last they have to bend over, having their rear openning penetrated.  
On the floor stands a large tub, filled with a yellow ill smelling mass.
  It&acute;s a delousing grease. They are told all whores have lice therefore
  they have to stick their hands into the yellow mass, and smear themselfs totally
  into it. Protests again begin riseing, but are stopped at once, with a stroke
  of the cane, hitting one of the women over her buttocks, leaving a thick red
  welt. Sobbing they stick their hands in it, and begin smearing it all over
  their bodies. Tracy looks at her hands and fingeres. Her nail polish needs
  a refreshment, she notice. Then feeling silly thinking of such things under
  these circumstances, she sticks her hands into the grease.  
Ten young women stands closely together smearing themselfs into the yellow
  stuff. Tracy can feel smooth and slippery female skin tuching and pressing
  her from all sides, as they constantly bump into each other, while doing their
  work. She can&acute;t avoid looking at the others. They are all naked and bald.
  Their ears sticks out and their mouthes are looking much broader than normal
  because of the lack of hair and eyebrows. Lipstick and make up mixed with yellow
  grease are smeared all over their faces. She looks into the eyes of one of
  the girls. It&acute;s Jamie. She can recognize her on her soft blue eyes, and
  her large firm breasts pointing right at her. She suddently feels very selfconscious.
  Her own breasts are also firm, but stands out like two cones, with pointed
  nipples at the ends. They are no match against Jamie&acute;s. Suddently they
  are pushed together, by the other women struggling to reach every part of their
  bodies. It gives a spark inside Tracy, when their breasts meet, and she feels
  Jamies soft flesh slip against her own. Jamie&acute;s eyes also widen and they
  stair directly into each others eyes. They are interrupted by Amina shouting
  at them to hurry up. Helping each other Tracy smears Jamie&acute;s bald head
  with grease, while feeling her greasy hands slide over her own scalp, tickling
  when stroking the scattered stubbles left by the clippers.  
Standing in line again the naked women, glistening with yellow grease, are
  dressed in their new uniforms. It consist of a par of cheap green rubber boots,
  where the laces have been removed, and a heavy cotton frock, with blue vertical
  strips. There are no underware.  
Tracy sticks her slender bare feet into a pair of boots and puts on her new
  frock. It reaches to her midt thighs. They are ordered to button it all the
  way up to the throat, for moral reasones. A capo with a spray can, stencils
  the same number as they have on their forheads, on the front and back of the
  frocks.  
 As soon as they have got dressed, they are ordered into a third room. Here
  they after turn have to sit on a chair and rest their feet on a bench. A burly
  looking man takes a pair of heavy looking leg irons from a pile. He fits the
  iron rings connected with a chain around each girls ankles over her rubber
  boots, and with a heavy plier, he presses them tight closed. They are not to
  be removed again, unless being refitted with new ones if getting too worn,
  or before the girl is dead. Tracy feels like her feet are made of lead when
  she lifts them down from the bench, and with a rattling sound drags the chain
  connecting them, over the concrete floor joining those girls already chained.
  They are given an old tin can each with a remark about beeing carefull with
  their fluids! What on earth that meant? The things that right now concerns
  her most, are her headache and when they are going to get something to drink.  
"Out! - Come on! &ndash; You! Get moving! - Get in line!" The matrons and
  capoes begins shouting at them, while beating and kicking those, who don&acute;t
  react immediately.  
Tracy stumbles out, suddently blinded by the sun. The leg irons are heavy,
  and the chain rattles by every step. A capo grabs her, kicks her hard over
  her left leg, and pushes her as number three into the line.  
She is standing between Jamie and Patricia. The sun has already begun scorching
  her bald head, and she feels the hot gravel burning through the soles of her
  boots. She is getting more and more thirsty, and looks around if there anyware
  are something to drink.  
Amina studies the ten new slaves in front of the intake block. They are lined
  up according to their hights. The tallest to the left and the shortest to the
  right. An adolescent slavegirl holds a white sun shade over Amina&acute;s head,
  shading her face from the burning sun. Now the only thing that remains, is
  to distribute them to those chain gangs which lack girls. Then a long day will
  be over, and she can go to her quarters, have a long neaded bath and relax
  before going to dinner.  
She looks at the list over the newbies and notes which gangs they are asigned
  to.  
Beginning with the tallest from the left: 
   
  Camp nr.: 47 Transport nr.: L 3048 Thusday 15 July 2004 Responsible: Amina
  A&hellip;   
33 32 04 Irina K... Ukrainian Chain 308  
68 20 04 Jamie T... British Chain 314  
56 23 04 Tracy E&hellip; British Chain 314  
70 19 04 Patricia D&hellip; Italian Chain 106  
72 25 04 Monica B&hellip; Danish Chain 212  
57 23 04 Sara B&hellip; Danish Chain 013  
34 17 04 Jeanet C&hellip; French Chain 106  
36 26 04 Heidi H&hellip; German Chain 115  
73 25 04 Karina S&hellip; Swedish Chain 210  
58 21 04 Tanya R&hellip; Russia Chain 311  
Surnames erased by censorship.  
Hard labor  
Tracy and Jamie runs as fast as they can driven forwards by a matron. Unaccustomed
  in wearing leg irons they constantly stumbles. It&acute;s difficulte enough
  running in legirons, but with bare feet in sweaty rubber boots in that heat,
  it&acute;s nearly impossible. They passes row after row of sweaty women lifting
  heavy sledgehammers and letting them fall down again on the rocks. Other women
  are filling the gravel in large sacks to carry them up the steap sloups.  
When they reach a chain with only eighteen girls, they are orderet to stop.
  While the other girls are standing with their hands on their heads first Jamie,
  and then Tracy, are linked to the chain as number two and number seven with
  four girls between them.  
The girl to her right gives her a sledgehammer and shows her how to use it.  
Tracy grabs the worn wooden handle with both hands. Using all her strength,
  she lifts it over her head and forces it down on the rock as hard as she can.
  The handle bounces in her hands, slippery of delausing grease, and only a small
  piece is chopped of the stone. She tries again, and again, with the same result.
  She is already totally exhaust, when she tries to lift the heavy hammer again.
  Then she suddently feels a burning pain over her back. It is the matron who
  has striken her with her cane. She also give the girls on either side of her
  a stroke, before hitting her again. With her entire back burning Tracy feverish
  lifts the hammer again and forces it down. She continues doing it again and
  again, until the matron moves on.  
Her hole body is in pain. The sun scorches merciless on her bald head, making
  her headache grow into a regular migraine, and she has become so thirsty her
  tung is filling her mouth. Suddently the girl on her right looks around, and
  with no matron in site, she quickly straddle over her tin can and pees. Tracy
  can&acute;t believe her eyes, as she see the girl putting the can to her mouth
  and drinking it.  
"You also do it, or you die!" She horsely says with cracked lips. She sees
  the disbelieve in Tracy&acute;s eyes and continue: "We never get anything to
  drink here. Only lumpy porrige every evening! - And only If we complete work
  quotas!"  
 
  The girl resume work, been very lucky the matron havn&acute;t noticed her little
  breack. Tracy looks at her, while she continue working. She is terrible thin.
  The thickest parts of her legs are her knees, and she has a serious skin eruption
  giving her small open sores and scabs all over, also on her head and in her
  face. A long drop of snot hangs from each of her nostrils, and when she smile,
  Tracy can see she only has a few teeth left. She has number 341598 printed
  on her forehead. That meens she is only 21, two years younger than Tracy. Will
  she in six years look like that herself ?   
Her nipples are beginning to hurt. Each time she lifts the hammer over her
  head, her two firm cones presses the stripped frock out in a curve, and the
  rough wet cotton rubs her nippels every time. She can feel they are beginning
  to swell up, but there is nothing, she can do about it. It is forbitten to
  undo the buttons on their frocks. It has to stay buttoned straight up to the
  throat, hidding their feminine curves, so no woman prisoner risk tempting any
  of the guards.  
She looks to the left, and can see Jamie. She is easy to recognize in her
  new blue and white stripped prison uniform, among the worn and ragged frocks
  soacked with sweat and filth. She is also hammering at full strenght, and Tracy
  can&acute;t avoid watching her large firme breasts press out her frock before
  each blow with the hammer. Is it also rubbing her nipples? She starts thinking.
  Jamie turns her head, and Tracy sends her a smile. Jamie smiles back. Even
  under these miserable conditions, she is very beautiful.  
Suddently she hears a loud voice and screams. It&acute;s the matron beating
  Jamie and shouting at her, that she is an useless fat cow and she is too ugly
  to become even a street whore. Tracy can hear her crying, long after the matron
  has gone again.  
She tries to ease a bit, getting her breath back, while the matron is out
  of site. Tina, as nr. 341598&acute;th real name is, says she will look after
  the matron, if Tracy want to drink.  
To drink, but!!! She is so thirsty now she can drink anything and straddles
  over her tin can and starts peeing with a splashing sound. Tina and the girl
  to the left of Tracy, Susan as her name is, looks at her with envy. The tin
  can is nearly full and the urin is clear yellow, with only a little form drifting
  about on the surface. Not the dark yellow brown liquid mixed with discharge,
  only filling it quarter, they are used to. Tracy drinks it. It tasts awfull!
  After swollowing a few mouthfulls, she feels like she is going to vomit. Tina
  and Susan looks at her with begging eyes. She know she can&acute;t get a drop
  more down now and let the two girls have the rest. They swallow it in a few
  seconds. It is the best they have tasted for years, and Tracy has got herself
  two new friends.  
Tracy&acute;s urin has cleared Tina&acute;s and Susan&acute;s throats. When
  the matron is not near them they whisper together, while they all continue
  working.  
Tina says she, together with her mother Emma and her younger sister Tonja,
  are in prison because her mother is devorced. The first eight months she had
  been running with a sunshade over different matrons protecting them from the
  sun. But the day she turned sixteen she was an adult according to the prison
  regulations, and was put on the chain gang. She only occasionally sees her
  mother and sister, because they all are on seperat chain gangs. She had seen
  her mother yesterday, when she had passed closely by, running in front of a
  smart looking young matron, which had a girl holding a sunshade over her. Tonja
  she had last seen five days ago, when she, and the girls on her chain gang,
  were on their way back to work from their monthly shaving at the intake block.
  Tonja had, together with nineteen other girls, been harnessed before one of
  the heavy carts transporting solid pieces of discarded rocks out to the dumping
  grounds. She had recognized her on the prison number on her forhead. Four matrons
  had been bussy beating them with their canes, as they draged the heavy cart
  up the long steap sloap.  
To be continued? Please tell me if you want it to!  
Tofte  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Tofte


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





