BDSM Library - The Game




The Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's a mostly true story of love and very hot s/m experience. A young woman missed her previous lover because her husband couldn't satisfy her need for dominant sex. So she called her ex and he agreed to come and see her one last time. *Not for people who like extreme stories.
                                                 The Game

Part 1



Nadia got out of the shower and put on a lush robe on her completely naked body.
She trembled a little bit in anticipation because finally, after very long three
and a half years, she would again experience the greatest sex of her life. The
man's name was Anthony and she hasn't seen him since first year of college,
before she got married, he was her first boyfriend, first love, first and as she
found out later, the most amazing lover. Since that evening near a pond when he
slipped his rough, experienced hand into her already wet panties and fondled her
virgin pussy until she clutched his shoulders and came for the first time in her
young life - Nadia melted at his hands. Eventually, she lost her virginity to
Anthony and throughout the three years they had together both experimented with
wilder side of sex. After they broke up, Nadia had other lovers, but nobody
compared to him. No one ever touched her as he did and no one made her cum like
he did, even her husband who had a comparatively larger dick than Anthony. Nadia
had regular sex, but it was too vanilla for her desires which were shaped by A.
Since her husband worked at night, she masturbated alone in her bed going back
years in time thinking of that night near the pond, Anthony's finger lightly
touching her clit, tracing the length of her slit, two big fingers in her
cunt...Anthony has kept on making her cum up to this day.



Finally, she couldn't take it anymore and she gave him a call. Anthony
immediately knew what Nadia wanted. This was to be fucked by him again, even if
only once more.

-	I always knew you were a whore. - He said after a long pause. - I knew
you would come back to me eventually. No, make it crawl back.

Nadia felt a tingle in her cunt; he always knew how to turn her on. Anthony was
right, she was a whore. His whore. He met her when she was a virgin 16 year old
and brought out a wild slut within.

-	I want you. -Nadia whispered into the receiver.

-	What, does your husband not fuck you the way you like? Does he even know
what you like? Or does he think you're some innocent little wife who hasn't
experienced anything beyond missionary position? Oh please don't tell me you've
been missionary -fucked for the last few years?

Nadia was quiet. Once again, Anthony was right. And she wanted to go back in
time, to their wild days and nights in his small hot apartment, back to their
games and toys and be his bitch in heat again. She wanted to beg him for his
dick, wanted to feel his fingers deep in her pussy and ass again, feel his
tongue sucking on her small pink clit. She wanted to scream all of it to him but
she didn't need to. He knew it and he agreed to come and see her.

He did have a few rules before they met. First of all, everything would be fair
game, he would do anything he desired to her body, he would use her in every way
possible and she had no right to complain. Not that Nadia would ever consider
complaining because she knew how much pleasure she was going to get from such a
complete submission. Second, she had to greet him at the door in a bathrobe
naked underneath. This request was not unusual to her since it reminded her of
those sweet times when she was waiting for him to come to her house and she
would open the door in a robe, with hair still wet and making sure Anthony would
get a tiny sneak peak at her breasts. Lately, the teenage vixen found that
nothing turned her on more than standing naked in front of a fully dressed man.
Or rubbing her tits against a still cold leather winter jacket during a hug. If
she could walk naked on the streets , she would do it in a heartbeat. She loved
the intense gaze of a horny guy with a bulging dick, she loved knowing that the
only thing on a man's mind at a moment - was to bury his dick in her shower
fresh cunt.



Finally, the doorbell rang, Nadia's hand trembles a little bit as she unlocked
her door. She saw Anthony standing there. As soon as he entered her small
apartment, he pulled off her robe

-Stand up straight, let me look at you.

The years changed Nadia from a girl into a woman. Her tits were heavier and her
ass and thighs bigger and her belly rounder. However she was still pretty and
somewhat fresh, being only 23. She flushed in embarrassment over few pounds
gained since he last saw her. Anthony noticed.

-Don't worry, I like a bitch with a big ass, but if I was your husband - I'd put
you on a diet for awhile. But you'll get plenty of exercise today, can't wait to
see your titties jiggle.

Suddenly, she didn't expect it at all, he pulled her close and snapped a dog
leash around her neck. Then he grabbed her hair and stared into her eyes.

-I will say this one time only - He spoke - I will not hurt you. The leash will
come off if you obey me completely today. I will leave before your husband comes
back and all you will have is memories. No marks. I love you. I will always love
you. I planned this night for a long time knowing that it will happen eventually
and I will make all your dirty, nastiest fantasies come true. You will feel
everything you were afraid to feel before. However, just to make this
interesting because I remember your tendencies to change your mind at the last
minute - if you start to refuse or pull away, the leash will stay and you'll be
the one explaining it to your husband when he comes home and finds you naked,
chained to a bed with your ass high in the air. Understand? - He cruelly pinched
her tit.



Nadia nodded.



-So let's begin!




**** A HUGE THANK YOU TO BOCCACCIO FOR HIS EDITING EFFORTS AND HELPFUL ADVICE ON
HOW TO IMPROVE MY WRITING. I REALLY, REALLY APPRECIATE IT.


	Part 2

	Fifty minutes later, tears of humiliations were streaming from Nadia's
brown eyes down her cheeks.  For almost an hour she had been crawling around on
the cheap rough gray carpet, her naked body exposed to Anthony's baleful glare. 
He was sitting in an armchair, watching here every move without speaking a
single word.  Every minute or two he took a sip from a frosty Heineken, without
giving the least indication that her pointless circling of her living room would
end any time soon.

	Finally she rose from the floor, rubbed her burning knees, and glared at
him with contempt.

 	"You know what, Tony? This is absurd. I've had it! Get out!"  Nadia
walked over to the chair, slipped the white robe over her shoulders and gestured
in the direction of the door.


	Anthony slowly rose from his chair.  Nadia stared at him as he tossed
the empty bottle into an empty metal wastebasket. The silence in the room was so
intense, the sound of a metal can hitting the bottom felt deafening. He looked
at her strangely while he ran the fingers of his right hand through his dark
hair, before stepping toward the door.  He started to step through the doorway
and then, before she could slam the door shut, he stormed back inside and closed
the door behind him. With a single powerful movement, he grabbed her by her neck
with one hand while he pinned her against the wall with his muscular body.
	
	"No, stop it!" Nadia screamed, but he spun her around as if she were as
light as a rag doll and pulled the robe off her body and threw it across the
room. In less than a minute, she was stripped naked once again.
	
	Anthony's face was flushed from the struggle, and his eyes were bright
with suppressed excitement.  How different he looked from the rather
bored-looking man who had been putting her through her tedious paces on the
carpet only moments earlier. 
	
	"Sorry, honey, but when you told me to get out, you forgot rule number
one - there are no rules."   He was staring into her wide open eyes as his hands
reached for her breasts and found them.  "Have you forgotten about the collar?"

	Nadia winced at the roughness of his touch.  Her knees stung so badly
from the friction caused by the rough carpet that she had forgotten about the
leather collar.  And she had forgotten that today was different from all other
days.   For today she was his.  Anthony owned her.

	 "You know what, baby," Anthony said sweetly, "I think you just lost
control of this little game of yours. I think subconsciously you still thought
that I'd follow your rules."

	He slapped her hard on the face, hard enough to make Nadia cry out in
pain and most of all, in surprise. He has never hit her before.

	"Fuck you!  Get out of my house," she yelled.

	"No, fuck YOU, bitch. I'm going to fuck YOU. You've fucked me over long
enough, you stupid cock tease. Get on your knees and suck my dick, bitch,"
Anthony bellowed hoarsely. He shoved her roughly down onto the floor and when
she tried to get up, he unzipped his pants and grabbed a handful of her long
hair. He wrapped it tightly in a clenched fist and pulled her face roughly
against his crotch.  Nadia inhaled the musky smell of his pubic hair as he moved
her face up and down against his swollen dick.
	
	She tried to turn away.  "Let me go, motherfucker. Let me go!!!" she
screamed. "I'll bite your dick off."
	
	Anthony struck her again, this time much harder.

	"If you so much as show me your teeth, bitch, I'll knock them out one by
one. You'll look exactly like the cheap whore that you are.  Say it, bitch. Say
you're a cheap whore!" he yelled, as he yanked her head back so that she stared
back at him.

	Anthony jerked Nadia to her feet by her hair and slapped her hard across
the curves of her ass.  "What are you?" he roared, as he pulled at her hair
again. "Say it, damn you! What are you??!"
	
	Then he picked Nadia up and carried her down a hallway until he found
her bedroom.  He kicked the door open with a booted foot and threw her face down
on the neatly made-up bed and climbed on top of her, facing towards her bottom.


	"Bitch! Fucking slut! Why do you have to make me so damn angry? I'll
teach you a lesson, you stupid cunt," he spat out as he unbuckled his leather
belt and began to pull it through his wide belt loops.

	"Last chance, honey!  Say it.  Tell me you're a dumb, cheap, nasty
whore!!"

	But he didn't even give Nadia a chance to mouth the words. He shifted
his position slightly on the bed and brought his freshly-liberated  belt sharply
down on Nadia's naked bottom.
	
	"Aaahhh!" she cried out in pain. "No! Stop it! Please!"



	Anthony counted the strokes as the leather made contact with her
wriggling behind again, each blow leaving a red mark on a pale rounded ass that
had never been lashed before.  Nadia had never dreamed that their games would
get this heavy.  But after the third vicious blow ripped into her tender
derriere she realized the full extent of Anthony's promise. 


	Finally, realizing that there was nothing to stop him from whipping her
ass to shreds, she gave in.  "I'm a whore!" she cried out, hoping that the
admission would dull his anger.
	

	"What? I didn't hear you?"  SMACK!!  The wicked leather slashed her ass
for a fourth time. "Aaghhh! Please, stop it!"  Nadia begged as tears streamed
down her face.


	"I'M A DIRTY WHORE!!!!"


	"Who do you belong to?"  SMACKK!! The belt fell for a fifth time,
sending fiery fingers of pain shooting through Nadia's belt-ravaged
bottomcheeks.  Tell me what you love to do!"


	"I'M YOUR WHORE.  I LOVE TO FUCK, AND SUCK YOUR COCK. I LOVE IT WHEN YOU
RIDE MY ASS!!! "


	The belt landed on Nadia's ass with a loud whistling noise. Only then
did Anthony slide off her back. By now Nadia was hysterical. She was crying so
hard, she could hardly breathe. Tony gently moved her hair away from her face
and lowered his lips to her slender neck and kissed her.

	Still holding the belt, he went to the kitchen and brought her a glass
of water with a straw. He held the straw to her mouth as she drank from it until
the glass was empty.


	"Now take a sip of this."  He reached into his backpack and took out a
bottle of Grey Goose vodka.


	With shaking hands she took the bottle from him and lifted it to her
lips.  He made her drink five swigs straight from the bottle. She cringed but
obediently complied.  The burn of the strong alcohol as it slid down her throat
helped her forget her burning backside.


	"Are you beginning to calm down?" Anthony asked.

	Nadia nodded, still trembling.

	"Good!" he muttered as he cupped her breasts in his strong hands and
thumbed her pinkish nipples lovingly for a moment.   "Now get down on your knees
and suck my dick."



	Nadia slid off of the pink bedspread and knelt in front of him.
Anthony's jeans were still unzipped and he wasn't wearing anything under them.
She cupped his balls with one hand and put his cock into her mouth. Anthony's
dick was of no more than average length and girth, but it didn't matter.   Nadia
hated giving blow jobs. She hated the time that went into it and she hated the
effort.  She even hated the taste of sperm. Years ago, when they were dating,
Anthony had spoiled her in bed. He had always made sure that she would cum in
bed, and not just once. Would there be pleasures like those for her tonight, she
wondered, or only more degradation?
	
	The domination/submission games they had played had been her idea at
first.  Anthony quickly learned that she enjoyed being handled a bit roughly and
that dirty, humiliating words turned her pussy wet very fast.  In her favorite
game, she would wiggle and try to get away while Anthony jumped on her, ripped
off her bra and panties and then drove his erection into her hot pussy.  Despite
her wish to be taken by force, she struggled valiantly, making the game all the
more exciting.  But even her fierce and frantic resistance never allowed her to
succeed in escaping his strength or his will. The game always ended in the same
way, with his cock fucking her with long, hard strokes, while his balls slapped
loudly against her shaved pussy.

	And now she was kneeling in front of him, the only man she had truly
loved in her life, sucking his cock like it was the sweetest candy in the world.

	-"Oh shit, baby, I'm going to cum". - He hissed.

	He stretched his right leg a little bit. His foot, still clad in a heavy
winter boot with thick leather sole was now right under her pussy. Nadia
shuddered as she felt his foot touch her sensitive organ. She shifted a little
bit and rubbed herself on it.
	
	Anthony grabbed her soft tits in his strong hands and twisted them a
little bit.  "Yeah, baby.  Rub your clit right against my shoe," he moaned as
her lips swirled around the crown of his penis.  Then, suddenly, he pulled his
dick out of her mouth.

	She looked up at him quizzically, surprised at his withdrawal. Anthony
stood up, gave his dick a few long, slow strokes with his hand and then torrents
of hot sperm began to splash against Nadia's face before she could pull away. 
Anthony's pale man-slime was everywhere, in her eyes, in her mouth, in her nose
and her hair. She was completely and utterly spent.




**** 	ONCE AGAIN, THANKS TO BOCCACCIO FOR ALL HIS HELP.

Part 3


	As the sperm dried on Nadia's face, the abuse Anthony had meted out
began to seem almost surreal.   He left her on the bed and walked out of the
room, leaving her alone with her thoughts. In the last two hours, she had
experienced more than in her whole adult lifetime. Anthony had hurt her with the
belt, and she hadn't expected it.  But as painful as the whipping had been,
sucking his cock until it spat ropes of semen on her pretty face had been worse. 
She felt entirely degraded.
	
	As she lay face down on the pink bedspread, tears started flowing down
her cheeks once again.  None of what had happened had played out according to
her intimate desires. For a moment, Nadia hated Anthony for making her feel so
afraid, and yet craving with desire for what was still to come. 
	
	She shivered from the cold.  It was late December, and the northeastern
winter was forecasted to show its fury later in the week. Nadia preferred cold
weather, rarely bothering to turn the thermostat up on the creaky furnace that
heated her drafty house. She loved wearing a plush cozy sweater and watching
snow flakes. Anthony loved summertime and the heat and sleeping naked. They
learned how to sleep with a window open during a snowstorm. Both of them naked
under a down comforter, their bodies creating heat by friction and their fingers
intertwined. Nadia would kiss his muscular chest and breathe sexy little
nothings into his ear. Anthony would laugh and lay on top of her preserving
warmth. They were happy. They were in love back then.
	
	"Why did I choose to end that bliss? - She wondered to herself. The
memories were flowing back into her mind. But it was too painful to recall all
of their past now. Nadia didn't think she could handle it. She felt that if she
screamed, her shriek might shatter a thousand windows.  She realized one thing
only- that a warm sting of Anthony's leather belt was hundred times better than
the cold, passionless existence she had been sharing with her husband.

	Nadia jumped off the bed. She saw Anthony's light blue cotton shirt
strewn carelessly on the chair. In her pain and humiliation, she hadn't even
noticed when he'd taken it off.  She slipped it on, enjoying the feel of his
shirt against breasts that still tingled from his touch, and padded on bare feet
toward the living room. Anthony was standing with his back to her, looking out
over the balcony as the first crystalline flakes of a snowfall fluttered gently
to the ground. As her eyes took in the well-toned muscles of his back and his
smooth tanned skin, it occurred to her that in their years apart she had almost
forgotten how good looking and athletic he was.
	
	 Anthony heard her light footsteps and turned around. A beautiful smile
appeared on his face and suddenly, Nadia's fears dissolved. She wanted to run
towards him and wrap her arms around his neck. But she didn't. She let him walk
towards her.



	"Damn you. Why do you always have to look so sexy", Anthony whispered as
he leaned towards her. His lips brushed her ear and a little soft spot on her
neck. She arched her back, feeling sensual warmth between her bare legs.


	Nadia giggled with delight as he picked her up and threw her over his
shoulder, with her rosy-red bottom high in the air. He gently laid her down on
the bed. For the first time, she felt the cool touch of crisp cotton sheets on
the back of her legs.

	 "I'll be right back," he said as headed for the door of the bedroom. 
Looking back he saw that she was unbuttoning the shirt. "Stop!  Please...don't
change a thing."
	
	
	He returned a moment later carrying a large crystal flower vase filled
with ice and water, and a blue washcloth. Nadia raised her eyebrows quizzically.


	"Ssshhh...wait. You'll like this, I promise," Anthony smiled.

	He lay down alongside her and asked Nadia to close her eyes. He wet the
soft blue washcloth and gently let the icy water trickle down onto her
sperm-spattered face. She relaxed and let herself get lost in the soothing
feeling. He cleansed her face, lightly touching her closed eyes and soft, warm
lips. Then his hand moved downward and he unfastened the first three buttons of
the shirt she was wearing. He caressed her left breast with his hand and circled
her light pink nipple with the cool washcloth until the little knob stiffened
under his touch.  Anthony then turned his attention to her other breast, lifting
its softness to his eager lips.  His lips and tongue circled her breast slowly,
torturing her nipple with benign neglect until Nadia moaned with desire.  Only
then did he prod the swelling bud with his tongue, before taking it between his
hungry lips and sucking it to quivering erection.  As he did so, he brushed his
fingers very lightly, as if with a feather, along her stomach. His dark, coarse
hand was such a stark contrast to her smooth cream-colored skin.


	"Damn you. Why do you always have to look so sexy?" he repeated quietly.
For a moment, Nadia thought she heard a hint of pain in his voice. But it might
have been her imagination.

	Anthony opened Nadia's shirt completely and slipped it off her body.


	"I want to ask you something"- he spoke suddenly.

	"Hmmmm," Nadia purred restlessly, anxious for his hands to return to her
soft, yearning body.




	"Why didn't you marry me three winters ago?"  He leaned on his arms and
looked into her now open eyes.


	Nadia thought for a moment. "It just wasn't meant to be, I guess".
	
	 "I want to tell you something. Will you close your eyes and listen?
Just give in to me and let everything go. Turn over on your stomach and feel and
listen".


	Nadia did as he asked. She relaxed her muscles and waited in
anticipation of what would happen next.



	Anthony caressed her lower back gently, his fingers dancing as if to a
sprightly Chopin melody. He started to speak: "I love you so much that I hate
you. I despise everything about you. I hate how you make me feel inside. I have
a wife and a child, but from day to day, you are the only one on my mind. I
screw my wife obediently, like a good husband, but I imagine it's you squirming
underneath me. When you left, I had fantasies of what I wanted to do to you; to
hurt you, to break you completely, to make you mine."

	As his hand moved lower, he took an ice cube out of the water and traced
the red welts on Nadia's backside, making a pattern.

	"I imagine walking with you down Central Square and you're naked. I'm
leading you by the hand through the crowd as they gape in disbelief. The women
look at you with jealousy and disgust, because they think you're a slut.  The
men think you're a slut, too, but they leer at you, drunk with desire, because
they wish that they, too, had a woman like you. I can see in their eyes that
they'd like nothing better than to line up to fuck you but they are afraid to
ask because they know you belong to me. Nadia, you're spreading your legs, do
you even notice?"



	Suddenly Nadia felt the ice cube touching the lips of her pussy. She
felt it being rubbed on her inner thighs and pressing lightly on her clit. She
gasped as Anthony inserted a tiny block of ice inside her and moved her legs
close together.  Her body shook a little bit and her first instinct was to open
her legs, but Anthony firmly held them close.

	"Let it melt, baby. You must remember how melting ice becomes hot inside
a pussy?

	"Listen," he went on.   "We walk up the stairs to the top of granite
square. It's July and the weather is sweltering, you feel the sun burning your
skin. Your hot cunt is wet from heat and desire. Around us people watch the tiny
drops of sweat rolling down your tits onto your stomach. A man whistles and asks
you if he can lick it off. You're out of control and you nod in agreement. All
you can think about is his tongue on your skin, your breasts and your pussy. But
he'll never get that far down your body, will he, Nadia, because your cunt
belongs to me. It still does, doesn't it, Nadia?"  Anthony's eyes strayed from
hers down to the part of her body that belonged only to him.  "I see the water
leaking from between your legs; you melted that cube of ice in less than a
minute".
	

	Anthony encountered no resistance when he gently spread Nadia's bare
legs apart again. He slowly slid one finger into her, as she offered her body to
him.


	"You're so wet right now.  Here, taste it." Anthony brought his finger
covered in her juices towards her mouth and she suckled on it. He traced her
slit and inserted two fingers inside her. He leaned closer to her ear.


	 "Imagine, baby. I'm fucking you on top of that hard granite. You're
standing on your hands and knees, burning up on that hot rock. I've got your
hair wrapped tightly around my fist and I'm pulling your head back so that I can
see your eyes. I can see the lust and the want. The man is still sucking at your
tit, he can't let it go. I fuck you from behind, my cock is slamming into you
hard and fast. Your tits shake and you want to collapse, but it's too hot and my
grip is too strong. The man lies down, and you fall on top of him."



	Anthony began to slide his fingers in and out of Nadia's pussy faster
and faster. With his other hand he caressed her clit, his fingers tapping and
teasing the most sensitive part of her body. He slid another finger inside her
and increased the temp even more.



	"The man grips your tit with his teeth and you shake. You know you're
about to cum. Like a slut, in front of everyone and you don't care who sees you.
I bite your shoulder as my cock ravages your cunt. You see some men jerking off
to the sight of you being fucked. The sun burns you and finally you cum.
Everyone sees you cum. Your body begins to shake uncontrollably".



	Nadia's body began to shake as wave after wave of an intense orgasm
overwhelmed her. It was the most intense feeling she had in months.  As she
surrendered to it, all of the humiliation and all of the pain were forgotten.
Anthony grabbed her body and turned her around on the bed. He cupped her breasts
as she tried to catch her breath, Nadia thought she would be cumming forever.
	
	They lay like that for awhile. Finally, Anthony spoke as he stroked her
hair:

	That was just my fantasy, you know.  We still have a few more hours of
reality."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nadia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





