BDSM Library - Dean Corll's Diary




Dean Corll's Diary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What the Houston serial killer of young boys might have written, had he taken the time. DEAN CORLL'S DIARY   
   
 By Jason   
Tuesday   
Well, I never thought I'd have me one accomplice,
  much less two. Wayne he's got his problems--has he ever!--but he's a lot more
  into it of the two of 'em, even so. David he likes to keep his distance. Squintin'
  out behind those funky little granny glasses of his, pretendin' he ain't so
  engrossed as Wayne and me. Even after all this time he likes to pretend that.
  But what he did with Robbie G. last month. Well, that tells the story, now
  don't it? I mean there's fuckin' and then there's fuckin' and little ole Robbie
  G. got hisself well and truly corn-hole, ass-wreckin' fucked! And David did
  it all by his little ole lonesome too. Hell, by the time Wayne and me showed
  up there was hardly anything left for us to even play with! And that kid had
  a cute butt. One of the cutest in fact. That I done come across so far, that
  is. I think. Truth is my mem'ry is startin' to slip a bit about some of the
  boys I done had. Which is why I thought I'd keep me a sort of diary for a while.
  I don't know exactly how long I'll keep it up actually, but it's been fun so
  far and I ain't through with all this yet. No, sirree. The clock it is still
  tickin' on this here business. I know the clock is still tickin'. I mean--it's
  God's own truth!--I done lost count of all the cute little butts I done had
  by now, but I know the clock is still tickin'. The only chance I really take
  is with them two. Wayne and David. I know that. I mean, I ain't stupid! Wayne
  says the pills and liquor are startin' to make me stupid. But Wayne he's the
  stupid one. 'Cause his time will come! Yeah. It will come and I'll up and have
  his scrawny little no-account teenage ass as well. That's how stupid he is!
  He don't seem to see that that's the way it will have to be. Eventually. Nothing
  lasts forever, AS THEY SAY! Ain't no rush yet, though. Specially when Wayne
  can still up and bring me guys like young Billy B. here. I mean, talk about
  a cute ass! Not that I actually done gone and seen it yet. But I can tell.
  The way those worn old jeans of his hug those hard high rounded hips of his?
  The way that skin on his neck and chest and arms glows, just glows? I mean,
  that pretty skin of his practically fuckin' shines in the dark, man! And not
  a zit to be seen anywhere! Hormones racin'--you can tell that!--but not a single
  fuckin' dirty disfigurin' little zit to be seen anywhere on his body that I
  can see! And strappin'! Shit! Billy's one tall strappin'-for-his-age motherfucker!
  Only sixteen, but he's already six sweet feet of Houston's finest honed-and-toned
  high-school football boy-meat! I mean, Billy's got it all. The face, the body
  . . . the dick. I ain't up and seen that either yet, but I can tell what's
  what about it too. Prime beef. Yeah, that's what we're talkin' 'bout here.
  Prime grade-A Houston-born-and-bred cowboy boy-beef! "Go Steers!" That's what
  they call the team. Hmm, hmm. If I was into eatin' 'em as well as killin' em,
  I could have me one mouth-waterin' lip-smackin' man-sized meal on Billy B.,
  that's for sure!  
Wednesday   
 We been workin' on Billy for a couple a weeks now. The usual way. Wayne
  bringin' 'im over just to hang out. Drink beer. Smoke some dope. Dump on his
  dad, his mom. Tell us how much he hates school. The coach. That kinda shit.
  These kids. I mean, they pretty much come from nothin'--which gives me my shot,
  of course, since they got every reason to vamoose, run away, a fact I done
  used to cover their just up and vanishin' more 'n once by now--but they got
  it good compared. I sometimes tell 'em what I went through! That shuts 'em
  up fast. Most of 'em, that is. Some of the little assholes actually claim they
  got it worse, but they don't know what bad is. I show 'em what bad is. With
  a little extra help from Wayne and David nowadays. But it's mainly me that
  does it. This is my show after all and Wayne he better not go and forgit it!
  He's the one who worries me the most. But as I done said, his time will come.  
 Billy was here this mornin', for example. Skippin' school. Not for the first
  time, of course. He's been kicked off the team several times Wayne says. For
  that. And other things. Wayne didn't specify. But I can see why the coach keeps
  bending over backward for 'im. You get Billy undoped--or, if he's been drinkin',
  dried out--and I know he's one hell of a football player! Yeah, like I said,
  he drinks like a fish too. Holds it, though. Hell, he had a six-pack of Lone
  Star all to hisself when he was here playin' hookey. Provided by moi, of course.
  The ever-generous host, that's me! I been called the Candy Man. I did make
  candy once. Actually had me a business with my mom. Used it to trap me some
  choice young boy-butt back then too. That's true. I still use candy to sweeten
  the trap on occasion even now.  
But with Billy it ain't no damned snickers bar
  he's over here sniffing after. Nor, speakin' of sniffin', is it the glue we
  like to use on occasion neither. We done tried to get Billy to do some glue
  more n' once but he won't. Says he's too old for that. It's worked like a charm
  on more than one little idiot, though. Even Billy's age or older. Take a paper
  bag. Smear the inside all around with glue. Hold it to your face. Good and
  tight over your nose and mouth. Breathe. That's right. Yeah. Again. Again.
  I'm amazed how quick some of 'em go out. Like a light. Yeah, just like a fuckin'
  hun'erd watt bulb. On--then, just like that--off!  
 Turns out Billy wanted a blowjob to go with the Lone Star, not glue. He
  didn't come right out and say he wanted a blowjob, of course. He's much too
  macho for that. But he's been figurin' it out. Billy ain't stupid. He's heard
  some of the talk 'bout me. That's clear. Then come and done his own sizin'
  up these past couple a weeks. He's seen how I look at him when I think I'm
  not. Caught me more 'n once at it, he has. So I wasn't totally surprised when
  he started talkin' 'bout how horny he was. How he was recently broke-up with
  his last girlfriend. What good head she gave and now he couldn't get any at
  the moment. That kinda crap. I give him credit. He didn't think I was stupid
  either. Not like Wayne. He knew what I was thinkin'. Had been thinkin' 'bout
  him ever since he first showed up with Wayne. But he wanted me to make the
  first move. They all do, of course. So I did. I mean, I had a green light.
  There was no question of that. Of course, it was goin' to be a one-way street.
  I could tell that as well. Pricks like Billy B. wouldn't dream of returnin'
  the favor, right? Hell no! They see me as a harmless old faggot whose mouth
  might as well be used as not, right? Up until the next hot-to-trot young cunt
  comes along, that is. Not that I'm really old, of course. I'm only in my 30s.
  But to them maybe. Anyway, they sure don't seem to mind gettin' serviced by
  a guy up and until that fuckin' smelly pussy shows up. I seen it all too often.
  Selfish little bastards. All of 'em. All take and no give. That's how they
  live. Well, when the time comes, I show 'em I can take as good as they can.
  Can I ever! I can take more 'n they ever fuckin' dreamed of, by God!  
 So we sat on the couch. Billy drinkin', me drinkin, time passin'. Then,
  you know, my hand just sorta accidentally comes down on his left leg. Oh so
  casual-like. At which point he spreads both of 'em, of course. His dick rising
  up in his pants like a surfin' wave risin' up at the seashore. A big wave too.
  Just as I expected. Seven thick inches or thereabouts. He helped me with the
  jeans anyway. Not all do. Some make me do ALL the work! Then he sat back, closed
  his eyes, and let me do my thing. Or what he thinks is my thing anyway. Soon,
  of course, he will REALLY know what my thing is!  
.  
 He came. Pretty fast and furious like they do at his age. I remember. I
  was sixteen too once upon a time and not so long ago, goddammit! Anyway, I
  drank it all down like it was some goddamned juju juice. Which it ain't. It's
  their asses I like. Not their fuckin' slimy cum. He grunted and smiled, sorta
  casually sleepily zipped hisself back up, then acted like he was out for a
  minute. That really fooled me, of course. Then his eyes popped open. "Oh, Dean!
  Sorry. Guess I drifted off. Hell, I gotta go, man, or the coach will find out
  I been missing and kill my ass for sure come practice this afternoon! Thanks
  for the Lone Star!"  
 "Anytime," I replied, givin' it a double meaning. Which he took. Hell, he
  actually gave me a wink to say he understood. And would be back. Which, after
  all, is all that counted. At this point.  
Thursday   
 Not today, though. No-show Billy all day long. I said that to Wayne, told
  him about yesterday. Wayne did his usual shit-assed shrug. "You want me to
  go see if I can find 'im, bring 'im round?" I thought, then said no. "I'd rather
  git 'im this weekend anyway," I said. "No one will even think of lookin' for
  him over the weekend." "He may not be so easy as some of them others," Wayne
  says. Good old Wayne. The voice of experience. I'll never forget the trouble
  Wayne had with his first kill and it was a skinny-necked little kid too. Denny,
  I think his name was. "Gawd!" Wayne said after about five minutes of tryin'
  to strangle the little bastard to death and him all tied up and all, "it's
  hawd work killin' these ole boys!"  
"Wayne, how many we done done together by now?" I
  asked. He shrugged again. "I dunno. Ten maybe." He struggled to think, which
  is always a effort for Wayne. "Maybe twelve. I dunno." "Any of them ever been
  a real problem?" "Mark," Wayne answered. That was true. Mark H. had actually
  got halfway loose, even managed to stab me with that big black pocket knife
  of his. "Well," I said, "Mark was lucky. We didn't search him or tie him up
  tight enough. We won't make that mistake with Billy B." "So I'm in on this?" It
  was my turn to shrug. "If you wanna be," I said. "He's certainly 'nough for
  two. Hell, three if David wants to get in on it." "That's what I mean," Wayne
  drawled. I particularly hate Wayne's fuckin' drawl. I mean, we all twang and
  drawl round here, but Wayne twangs and drawls thicker n' most. "What do you
  mean?" I asked. "What I said," he said. "And that was?" I asked in as sneerin'
  a voice as I could make it. "He's a lot to handle, that's all. Hell, we done
  kids mostly and Billy ain't no kid. Not the way them others was anyway. That's
  all." "Well, I'm ready for something with a little size on it. Some muscle.
  You can tell his ass is even got muscles on it. I'm ready for that." "Well
  then," Wayne said. And, yes, shrugged.  
   
Friday   
 He came by 'bout midnight. Billy B., that is. Hauled in by Wayne. Lit'rally.
  Three sheets to the wind and then some. Well, the Steers had had their asses
  whipped, now hadn't they? There was plenty of reason to get drunk. To give
  him credit, Billy had done his best once he got sent in. Which was not at first,
  him not bein' on the A-string 'cause of his age yet, I guess. I was there.
  Seen. A special occasion, I thought. Billy B.'s last football game. I shouldn't
  miss that, right? Of course, he had gone off with some of his best buds after.
  Downed some pretty strong moonshine too. Not just your normal kinda moonshine
  anyway. So Wayne said Billy said. Given how he had held his liquor before,
  I believed it, seein' him lurchin' and dippin' and swayin' like some six-foot-tall
  rag-doll the way he was when Wayne brung him in.  
 "They dropped 'im off near his 'ouse," Wayne explained. "I'd been waitin',
  thinkin' if he turned up I'd see. So," Wayne stopped and stood with Billy all
  blotto propped right up against him, "he showed and here he is, that's all.
  No one saw. I made sure."  
 Wayne might be dumb in some ways, but he is smart 'bout this kind of thing
  at least. Or has been so far. The first time he ain't, he's dead meat. Pure
  and simple. I have done promised myself that.  
 "Where you want him?"  
 "On the couch," I said.  
 So that's where Wayne put him. Where he had got a damned good blowjob just
  two days before, then pretended he ain't. Sprawled out and giddy as hell he
  was. I guess that's the word. Giddy. Anyway, laughin' and gigglin' like some
  stupid ole girl. Rollin' his head. His hair is pretty long too. Like a stupid
  ole girl's too. I'm surprised the coach lets him wear it like that, but it
  ain't no skin off my back. 'Sides, he is all guy down below, and that's what
  counts.  
  
 "So what you got to be so cheerful about?" I asked him. "You guys got your
  fuckin' asses whipped tonight. I was there. I saw."  
 "Fuck it!" Billy gurgled, then burped, a big loud burp. It seemed to run
  the whole length of his body. Which, of course, I was takin' in even more 'n
  I even had before, knowin' the time had come at last to do what I wanted with
  it.  
 Billy laughed.  
 Wayne shrugged.  
 "You need help?" Wayne then asked, but not before he had moved off toward
  the door.  
 "You not plannin' to stay?" I replied. "Don't you wanna piece of that?" I
  nodded toward Billy who warn't understandin' a thing we was sayin', of course. "I
  mean, that's prime firm Texas boy-beef, son! Lone Star fueled and fed too!"  
 Wayne shrugged, pulled at his crotch. It was only a itch, though. Not 'cause
  he had the hots for Billy. At the moment anyway. Wayne did tend to like 'em
  younger 'n smaller, but, even so, Billy he has hisself one fuckin' awesome
  body that just screams FUCK ME! FUCK ME! whether he knows it or not. And there
  it was, sprawled out in a faded old pair of skin-tight jeans and a t-shirt,
  just ready for the takin'. I couldn't b'lieve Wayne wasn't gittin' into it.  
 "Could, I guess. I mean, I could go for 'im but I feel kinda bad."  
 "What do you mean you feel kinda bad?"  
 "I sorta know 'im." The shrug. "I dunno."  
 "You knew LOTS of the others!" I shot back at him. "Even better 'n this
  'un." It is true too. Wayne done brought in a lot of guys he supposedly was
  a good friend with. Some friend, right? So I says, "Come here and help me get
  his fuckin' clothes off. Then help me tie him to the board. You can do that
  much at least."  
 Wayne shuffled back. It was hard to say Wayne ever really walked actually.
  He always did this funny redneck shuffle most of the time.  
 Billy had dropped his head way back, over the back of the couch, his adam's
  apple--which was kinda big like the rest of him--pointing toward the ceiling.
  He was actually startin' to snorin' by now.  
 "You do his feet," I ordered. "I'll git his t-shirt off."  
 The t-shirt featured the big red bull, of course. That's the school mascot
  they have. Which made me laugh. Yeah, you stud, I thought, let's see just how
  well hung the school bull actually is though I basically already knew from
  the blowjob.  
 Billy woke up a bit while we were at it and even helped. Or tried to. At
  least with the t-shirt I was tuggin' on.  
 "Baby! Baby!" he took to moanin'. I think he thought some cunt was around
  behind him helpin' him strip him for action. He sorta raised this arm. Then
  that. He made an effort anyway. "Baby! Baby!"  
Yeah, baby baby is right, I thought.  
Wayne had trouble with the shoes. He would. After
  gittin' the t-shirt off, I had to go round and do them myself. The laces were
  knotted pretty bad, but even so. Asshole Wayne!  
Billy clearly needs a pair a new sneakers. Not
  that he's ever gonna get 'em now. These he had on they smelled, had big holes.
  The socks too. He might have showered after the game--I'm sure I caught me
  a whiff of the soap--but since then his body had up and sweated some again.
  Not that it mattered. I like a boy to smell like a boy. A bit a sweat smell
  turns me on in fact. Always has.  
It was basically clear sailing then. Up until we
  started in on the jeans, that is. Billy had on a different pair than he had
  had on on Wednesday, but these were pretty old too. Maybe older. Anyway, they
  were a hell of a lot tighter than even those other ones. Yes, Billy B. likes
  his jeans tight. Likes to show off that Grade&ndash;A bod of his. No question
  a that! Little thinkin' that there might be somebody just a-watchin' and a-waitin'
  for the right opportunity to slip his hot man's dick up his sorry young ass!  
Anyway, that's what started the trouble, our tryin'
  to get them skin-tight, thigh-grippin' jeans a his off of him. 'Cause he went
  and woke up. Or, if he didn't exactly wake up given how boozed up he was, he
  at least got a bit of a focus on the situation, more or less realized who it
  was who was goin' at him--NOT some girl--and even why probably.  
"Fuckers!" he suddenly bellowed and heaved hisself
  up. Wayne went flyin', the back of his head bangin' 'gainst the floor. Bonk!
  That's what it actually sounded like. Bonk! I held onto Billy's left leg as
  best I could. The jeans were down on his thighs by then, but not much. He had
  no trouble moving, I'll just put it that way.  
I was dragged halfway 'cross the room, and I'm
  not that small. 200 pounds plus a few over. I did manage to get the jeans more
  down on his legs, though, enough to slow him up a bit at least, but, to be
  honest, not much. He was still goin' to make it. Git to the door and git the
  hell out, that is. For all the world to see too. Drunk and yellin' with his
  pants halfway down to his fuckin' knees and his big dick poking up the front
  of his piss-stained jockey shorts.  
Imagine my surprise then when the door suddenly
  jerked open just as we was about to reach it and David was a-standin' there.
  It was even better 'n that. David he was a-standin' there with a baseball bat
  in his hands. Had he heard the commotion from outside and grabbed the bat on
  his way in? I ain't had a chance to ask him yet, but he musta done. Anyway,
  David he just stepped right through the damned door, squinted through those
  fuckin' little pussy granny glasses of his, swung back, and then slammed Billy
  B. upside his big head.  
Crack!!!  
I was on my knees, my arms wrapped around Billy's
  legs, but I felt the shock go all the way down his body, which was still strugglin'
  to get the hell out the door. When he fell, I had enough sense to block the
  fall a little. Otherwise his head mighta received another bad blow when he
  hit the floor. Which he did, but not as hard as he mighta done if I hadn't
  done what I did. Wayne he had made it back up by then, but his eyes was still
  clenched, the pain in his head blockin' out everything else that was goin'
  on, I guess. Even so, he was not as bad off as Billy B. HE was out! And I mean
  OUT COLD!  
Thanks to quick-thinkin' David!  
  
Saturday   
 Well now ain't we been havin' us some fun!!! And we ain't even near finished
  yet either! Even good ole Wayne finally up and got into it. If I ain't mistaken,
  he's done fucked Billy twice now. So much for friendship! I popped my pills
  off and on most of the night just so's I could keep my energy up. I didn't
  want to miss a minute a this one! That's how good a time we done been havin'.  
 I said I was ready for some muscle. Well, we got us some muscle all right!
  Not that Billy B.'s some kinda stupid bodybuilder type. I never could stand
  that stupid he-man bodybuilder crap. No, like I said, Billy's slim and smooth
  just like I like 'em. But my God, he's one strong honed-and-toned motherfucker,
  that's for sure!  
 Once he was out, of course, I didn't have no more trouble gittin' those
  tight jeans off of him anymore.  
 "Git the board out," I ordered David as I tugged the last leg loose. Wayne
  was still too woozy to be any help.  
 We keep the board under the couch. It had been under there all the time.
  Just waitin' to be used. While Billy was getting' his blowjob it was already
  under there just ready and waitin' for him.  
 It's a good strong thick plywood board with two parallel 2x4s nailed to
  the underside to git it up off the floor a little. There's paired holes cut
  up on one end of it and another set down on the other end of it. I keep ropes
  attached and ready in most all the holes, top and bottom. Which are in different
  spots 'cause of the size factor. I mean, we done had some pretty small-sized
  boys tied to that board. Bigger ones too, of course. So the holes have to be
  in the different spots to allow for that. One size don't fit all is the idea.
  We learned that by doin', of course.  
The board's a little stained up at this point.
  And I don't mean just with blood either, though we done had our share of that
  that's true. But upchuck . . . shit . . . piss. You name it, we done had it
  to deal with at one time or 'nother!  
 The last kid we had on it--one of the two Wayne got as they was on their
  way to go swimmin' at the rec pool--he did it all! And I mean ALL! I couldn't
  believe how much stuff kept comin' out of the little bastard from all the different
  directions too. I banged him up against the side of his head more 'n once sayin', "Stop
  it! You messin' up my board, you little shithead!" He was  little
  too. Well, compared to Billy B. But he just kept at it. Upchuckin' and pissin'
  and shittin' and snottin' all over the place. On the bed some too, later. Where
  we finally did him--Wayne and me, each pullin' on one end of the rope--with
  the other kid who was with him watchin', screamin' his head off, "You killin'
  Bobby! You killin' Bobby!" That was fun. Killin' the one kid in front of the
  other one. That warn't the first time we done it that way, of course, but it
  had been awhile. My first time--when I was workin' solo only--had involved
  another two-at-one-go. They was brothers in the same complex where I was livin'
  back then. Left home alone a lots they was. Once too often as it turned out,
  which was good for me, of course. "Yawl come on over 'n play over at my place," I
  had said that mornin'. I had come home special just to see if I could get 'em,
  it bein' summer and they not bein' in school and all. "I got some real good
  candy fresh from my fact'ry to give you two." Their daddy--I don't know where
  their mother had took herself off to, probably had up and skedaddled with some
  other man, knowing women--well, their daddy he never ever knew what went down
  with those two boys of his and I sure-as-hell wasn't gonna tell, now was I?
  The little one was the littlest I ever done, I think. He was seven or thereabouts,
  if I remember correctly. When the time came he went and put up more of a fight
  than his brother who was a good two three years older. Go figure.  
 I have to give it to Billy B. He has pissed and upchucked once so far, but
  that is all. Not countin' the bed. He did piss as we was tyin' him to the bed.
  That's true. But I don't mind piss. Not much anyway. But the other stuff? I
  can do without that.  
 The board almost wasn't long enough for Billy. Once we got him all stripped
  down, we got his arms secured just fine, but his feet hung off over the other
  end a little. Couple a inches anyway.  
 "Just rope the rope around his ankles anyhow," I finally said to David. "He
  ain't gonna go nowhere."  
 He sure tried to, though, once he come round. That's what I mean by strong.
  I mean, he made that board hop and skip and jump 'cross the floor more 'n once
  once he got conscious again. Which warn't that long.  
 "You ain't gonna fuck me!" he started shoutin'. "You ain't gonna fuck me!"  
 As I said, Billy B. warn't stupid. He knew what was what about a lot a thangs.  
 I finally stomped down on the side of the board right near his jaw and looked
  him right in the face and said, "Oh but we is! And more 'n once too."  
 All that booze he had had was startin' to wear off fast by then, of course.
  Adrenaline it'll do that for you. I wouldn't go so far as to say he was exactly
  sober all the way yet, but he sure as hell knew he was up shit creek and it
  warn't no bad dream he was in the process of dreamin' either.  
 "Don't you fuck me! Don't you fuck me! I'll kill you if you fuck me! I swear
  I'll fuckin' kill you!"  
 That always makes me laugh. Threatenin' like that. Like they ever gonna
  get the chance once I got 'em up all tied up.  
 I was strippin' down by now. Wayne he had left to do something. Take a piss
  maybe. Or maybe see to that sore head of his. Wayne he is funny that way. He
  might like to dish out the pain just fine, but he sure don't like bein' on
  the receivin' end. Not good ole Wayne.  
 David had sat down on the couch. Havin' shut the door and locked it, of
  course. We always keep the blinds drawn round here, so we don't have to worry
  'bout that. Or the noise much either. Where I live is pretty noisy anyway.
  The Heights they call it. Isn't that a joke! The husbands and wives and kids
  round here all scream and fight and yell at each other most of the time. Night
  and day seven days a week. The Pits. That's what they should call this place.
  The Armpit of Houston, that's what it really is. My place is sorta off to itself
  a little. Enough anyway. Which I planned for when I bought it. Of course, if
  they do git too rowdy--guys like Billy, that is--I have my gags and stuff like
  that ready. I am always ready for action one way or another actually. Cuffs.
  Gags. Rope. Dildos. You name it. I got everything ready to go for when the
  occasion demands.  
 "You want a piece of this," I said to David as I got the last of my clothes
  off. I pointed to Billy's butt, which looked as round and ripe and good as
  I thought it would. There were muscles in it too, no question. And dimples!
  Yeah, dimples too when he struggled like he was doin' now. It ain't exactly
  a bubble-butt, but Billy ain't no flat-ass either. In other words, he's pretty
  perfect. And smooth! Wow! Billy he has one fuckin' baby-smooth ass on him,
  I tell you!  
My dick was normal hard, but I still pumped it
  a little just to juice up the flow a bit more. Maybe it's the pills. Wayne
  says it is. The downers anyway. 'Cause it is gittin' a little harder sometimes
  to get as hard as I used to, I admit. I ain't worried about it, though. I ain't
  nowhere near impotent, that's for sure. I even like it this way in some ways.
  It means I don't shoot off so fast as much as I used to. I take my time now,
  draw it out, build up to the final explosion more slow-like. Ain't nothing
  wrong with that so far as I can see!  
I still hadn't decided whether to use any of the
  petrol jelly or not. I thought not. I like a dry fuck on occasion and Billy
  B. looked like he could be a good 'un for that once I got myself all the way
  in. He has a pretty deep crack. I could tell that even when he had his jeans
  on. There wouldn't be no problem aimin' myself in then or usin' his own body-sweat
  to keep me lubed up once I did. He was already sweatin' like a pig. Which,
  as I said, I like in moderation.  
 David smiled, that kinda cold, smart-assed smile of his.  
 "Sure. Eventually," he said. "But I'm just as happy to sit here and watch
  yawl for now. You go on and have yoself yo fun, Dean."  
 That's when I thought Billy was gonna split the board for sure. That or
  his own gut. That's how fierce he got to strugglin' again. 'Cause as I said,
  he warn't stupid. He had heard what was in store. You wouldn't b'lieve the
  guys who keep askin' "What you doin'? What you doin'?" even as I'm in the process
  of bustin' their cute little butt-cherries wide open.  
 "Goddam!" David said. "You sure got yoself a live one on that there line
  this time, Dean. The last one who went on like that was that there Ruben guy.
  'Member him?"  
 It was true. Ruben M.--he had a real cute face Ruben M. had, little pug
  nose and dimples on his cheeks instead of his ass--well, he had gone and talked
  his little ole grandma out of some money, said he needed some to go see a movie
  or somethin', but he didn't go to no movie. No. He come straight to me hopin'
  to buy some dope, that's what he did. Like he had done a coupla other times
  by then. It's part of my setup, of course. Get 'em comin' over for the dope
  or the candy or the booze or the glue or whatever, then when the time is right,
  Zap! Surprise! Surprise! Your good-for-fuckin' little ass is mine, baby! All
  mine!  
 Well, good ole Ruben I kept him, I guess, for--what?--going on three or
  four days or so. Somethin' like that. He was one of the longterm ones anyway.
  Some I keep around for a while, some I don't. It depends. On how good a fuck
  they are. How much they cooperate. Who's comin' round lookin' for 'em. That
  kinda thing. I actually almost let Ruben go near the end actually. I sorta
  liked Ruben, if the truth be told. He coulda been another Wayne or David maybe.
  He was a real nice kid really. He said he would help me get other guys too.
  You know, like Wayne and David do. But as I done said before, I ain't stupid
  whatever Wayne says. So I finally took Ruben out. It warn't worth the risk.
  I think I used the gun on him. Yeah, that's what I did. I used the gun on him. "Bang,
  bang, you're dead, Ruben!" I said like it was a joke, then once he thought
  I WAS jokin' I shot him in the face right through his little pug nose. Which
  didn't even kill him at first. "You done shot me for real, Dean," he said through
  his bloody mouth. So I shot him again, higher this time. There was really lots
  a blood and stuff that time, but David he cleaned it up. He don't seem to mind
  that kinda thing. He should do it even if he does, given how much I pay him!
  Him AND Wayne! They done been paid real good by now, both of 'em. I been a
  absolute man of my word when it comes to payin' 'em good and they can't deny
  it!  
 Well, we got those bronco bulls down here. The real rodeo kind and then
  the other, the mechanical ride-'em kind. I ain't never been on either and I
  don't plan to neither, but I'm sure I come close with that there first fuck
  with Billy this night. 'Cause--whew!--he sure did his best to buck me off!
  He actually did a coupla times, and, like I said, I am some 200 pounds plus
  and Billy, well, he must be only 160 . . . 165. Something like that anyway.
  Not scrawny, but not big like me either. Still, he bucked me off of 'im twice.
  He could move so much I guess 'cause we hadn't got the ropes tied so close
  to the board as we coulda. That's why he could make the board jump around too.
  Not that it mattered. He still warn't goin' anywhere anytime soon.  
 "Come help me, you jerk!" I said to David. Wayne he was still nursin' hisself
  outa sight somewhere.  
David he was laughin' to beat the band over on
  the couch. I thought he was gonna actually go and fall off of the damn couch
  he was laughin' so hard.  
"Can it, you asshole!" I shouted. "Grab his arms
  or somethin'!"  
I was sweatin' now myself, so I had all the sweat-slick
  I needed to lube my dick, but all the sweat made it harder to hold onto Billy
  too, him with his sweat added to mine the way it was.  
David he finally got up and came over, still sorta
  laughin'.  
He squatted down up by Billy's head and bopped
  him on the top of it.  
"Cut it out!" he said. Then he bopped him again.  
Billy let fly at that. I mean, I swear every cuss
  word he done ever heard in his life he musta used on David at that point.  
Well, David don't like bein' cussed, which Billy
  didn't know but he soon did.  
David he went mad right off and laid into Billy's
  face with his fists like he was gonna straight out kill the sombitch.  
"Don't kill him!" I shouted from where I was still
  tryin' to get into Billy's ass again. I tried to slap David's fists away. "I
  don't like no dead fuck, you know that!"  
I finally had to punch David hisself in the chest
  hard before he stopped. Blood had splashed up on his glasses too by then, that's
  how hard he was a-hittin' Billy.  
But like I said Billy is tough. He mighta been
  bleedin' as well as sweatin' like a stuck pig now, but he warn't out again,
  even when David hit him where he had hit him before with that baseball bat.
  I had felt the big lump up under his long hair on his left side when I was
  tryin' to get me some traction to get into his ass. It was a big bump where
  he had been hit with that bat and David he hit him right there on top of it
  again before he finally did what I said and stopped.  
Billy squealed like somethin' else when he got
  banged on that sore spot on his head that way, but he kinda froze too. With
  the pain, I guess. Which is what allowed me to finally get all the way in at
  last, so David did that much good at least.  
Jeez, Billy was tight to start with but I had done
  got well and truly into his ass even so! There was no backin' out now, ha ha!  
Next thing, I could feel him usin' all his muscle
  in his butt to try to squeeze my goddam dick off. I swear that's what he was
  a-tryin' to do. But the more I pushed in the more he got loose and unable to
  do shit about it despite hisself. Finally, I just worked myself up to a good
  humpin' pokin' poundin' kinda rhythm and there was no turnin' back after that.
  His butt-cherry was gone for good! Taken by moi!  
David he went and sat back down on the couch while
  I went at it, rubbin' his fist like it was hurt. But it wasn't. Not really.  
Wayne he turned up about that time finally.  
"What you gone and messed up his face for?" he
  asked, crouchin' down to look at Billy when he got there.  
"Help me, Wayne!" Billy yelled. "Get 'im off me,
  Wayne! You my friend, Wayne! Make 'im stop!"  
He was cryin' too some. You could hear it in his
  voice even if his face was more wet with blood than anything else. It was his
  nose that was bleedin' mainly.  
That's when Wayne started to get into it at last.  
"You suck me off I will," he said.  
I poked Billy in the butt real hard at that point
  and he yelped like a hit dog.  
It took him a second to get his breath back, that's
  how hard my poke was.  
"What?" he said once he did.  
"I said you suck me off and I'll make him stop.
  Not until that though."  
Wayne had already begun to unzip and whip it out,
  and he's got this long thin dick, sorta like a hot dog but longer, but not
  no footlong. He ain't THAT hung!  
"I cain't suck on that, Wayne," Billy whined once
  he saw it.  
"Yes you can," Wayne said. "You bite it, though,
  I won't hep you at all. I'll let Dean kill you straight off in fact 'cause
  that's what he likes to do most of anything. Kill good ole boys like you dead.
  Specially if they don't do as they's told."  
I had just kept pumpin' the whole time, enjoyin'
  the Wayne and Billy show as I was now a-thinkin' of it.  
"Suck him like he says," I finally said when it
  went on too long. "Then if he really wants me to let you go after that I will."  
I was lyin' through my teeth, of course.  
Well, Billy seemed to get mad just hearin' my voice.
  He let loose again with all the cuss words he had used before and then some.
  He started buckin' again too. But I stayed in him with no trouble this time--he
  was pretty strained out physically by now was the truth--and Wayne he didn't
  mind the cussin'. Unlike David. Which was lucky for Billy this time or he mighta
  got even more fists in his face.  
"Come on, it ain't hard to do," Wayne said as he
  moved in on Billy up on that end of the board. He caught him by the hair and
  held his head up but I could tell he was tryin' not to pull too hard so's it
  woundn't hurt Billy too much. Playin' nice guy. For now, that is. Just so's
  he wouldn't get his dick bit off, that was the real reason.  
Billy finally quieted back down and sobbed. Sort
  of a sob anyway. Anyway, he then let Wayne do what he wanted while I finished
  up on his butt.  
"Slurp on it," Wayne kept tellin' him. "To do it
  right you have to do more slurpin' on it."  
It warn't long before I came big like I like it,
  diggin' my fingers into Billy's shoulders--boy they're nice shoulders!--when
  I did. I could see the finger marks when I finally took my hands off him and
  pulled out. There warn't a pop sound as I pulled out of his ass but there sure
  coulda been. He was still that tight even after all the humpin' I'd done.  
He had gagged a coupla time on Wayne's dick but
  he hadn't actually upchucked. He'd do that later while David was usin' the
  dildo on him. The big one. For now, he just did the best he could givin' the
  blowjob so's he could save his life. Like we meant it, of course. Settin' him
  free, that is. Ha!  
Wayne was hot for more than a blowjob, though,
  and pulled out of Billy's mouth once I got off.  
"My turn," he said, jerkin' his old scruffy work
  shoes off, not that Wayne ever does any work in 'em that I know of.  
Wayne he didn't bother with his t-shirt, though.
  He just stripped from the waist on down and then went round and took right
  up where I left off.  
Billy grunted some as Wayne went in but he took
  it in without too much trouble even so, though I could tell it hurt some too.
  Wayne's dick's longer 'n mine but it's thinner too so it wasn't that tight
  a go for Billy after me but no doubt Wayne's dick went deeper in.  
"You didn't have to do this," Billy said once Wayne
  got to goin' good. He was gaspin' but wantin' to talk to. "Why'd you all got
  to go and do this to me?"  
I was wipin' my dick by then. Cleanin' it. There
  was a little dab of shit smeared on the end. I thought I had bumped up against
  a piece a shit at the start when I first started pokin' Billy and some musta
  rubbed off as I drove it back up inside his gut. I was usin' Billy's own red-bull
  t-shirt now to clean myself, but he didn't seem to notice, which was just as
  well.  
"You mean you woulda let us poke you up the ass
  if we had just gone and asked you to pretty-please let us do it?" I said. "I
  don't b'lieve that for a minute."  
I finished my wipin' my dick and threw the t-shirt
  down on the floor.  
"It ain't right," he whined. "You ain't oughta
  do this to another guy. It ain't right."  
"You let me blow you without much complainin' if
  I remember correctly," I said back to him, "and I didn't think guys was supposed
  to let other guys do that to them either."  
"A blowjob's different," Billy croaked, his face
  twistin' all up round his eyes as Wayne slammed harder, then harder as he got
  near to releasin' his load. Wayne always gets kinda wild toward the climax.  
"Yeah, ones you git but don't give," I shot back,
  tryin' to sound as nasty as I could. "You ole boys are all selfish little pricks,
  that's what I know. So I don't even bother to ask you no more. I just take
  what I want when I decide I want it. And I was wantin' your ass the first time
  Wayne done brung you over here. He knew I would. Well, now I done up and had
  it, that's all."  
Wayne cum, doing that little high-pitched squeal
  he always does when he does. It's so funny it always makes me laugh. I did
  now.  
David he laughed too from over on the couch.  
Wayne then kinda slumped off and rolled over, half
  on the board and half off, laughin' hisself a little, his redhot hotdog dick
  bobbin' in the air, a little shit on the top of it too.  
"Let me go now," Billy said. "You all done had
  your fun. Let me go."  
"And let you kill us?" I said. "'Cause that's what
  you said you was gonna do if we fucked you, right? Well, we done up and fucked
  you real good so I guess our lives is in danger now. So's we can't take that
  chance and let you go, now can we? No way!"  
"Come on, Dean," Billy whined. "I ain't gonna kill
  you. How'm I gonna kill you? I don't even wanna act like I know you no more
  once I get outa here. Honest. I don't wanna even know your name no more."  
I liked how he was tryin' to do it. Persuade us
  to let him go, that is. But we couldn't take the chance like I said. Too many
  boys has done gone missin' from round here by now, and Billy would talk. I
  just knew he would. He's the big-dick big-head talkin' type if there ever was
  one. He might even go and git him a gun from somewheres and come back and shoot
  us too, no matter what he said about not.  
Well, the evenin' went on from there.  
David he then took his turn.  
He can be rough with the dildos but he's actually
  a soft kinda fucker as fuckers go. I mean, he's more gentle compared to me
  and Wayne anyway. Just don't call him no names, though. Billy musta learned
  his lesson on that score 'cause he didn't make a peep this time. He just let
  David go to it with hardly a sound outa him 'cept for the occasional grunt
  or two.  
Then Wayne he went a second time after that. He
  can get it back up like nobody I ever done come across. No matter how many
  times he's done cum before. Wish I could can it and sell it whatever it is
  he's got. I'd be a rich man that's for sure!  
Billy kept sayin' to Wayne, "It hurts, Wayne. Stop.
  It hurts, Wayne." But Wayne he didn't stop, of course.  
Then I had my second go after I had popped the
  pills that help me get it back up the way I like. It's a kinda speed, I guess.
  That's what the guy I bought it from said anyway. Anyway, it gets the heart
  pumpin' again and that's what matters.  
Then David he used the big dildo we got that's
  supposedly a exact replica of some hung-like-a-horse porn star and that's when
  Billy threw up but David he cleaned it up 'cause he don't mind, like I said.  
"I cain't take that! I cain't take that!" Billy
  yelled while David shoved that motherfucker up his ass. He almost couldn't
  either. Which is why he threw up. At least he didn't bleed, though. From the
  ass, that is.  
 And then it got real late. Or real early, if you
  talkin' 'bout the clock, I guess. It musta been goin' on five AM by then. We
  figured Billy had had enough on the board so we took him to the back room all
  three of us with one bathroom stop on the way. Billy he shat all the shit out
  of him on the toilet in there and then David he cleaned him up so's he wouldn't
  stink too much once we got his tied down in the bed. Not only his ass but David
  cleaned the rest of him too while me and Wayne kept aholt of him. Then we hauled
  him in to where the bedroom is, the one we use for this kinda thing. The fight
  had all up and left him by then. Or mostly left him. Wayne did have to help
  me get his right arm tied down to the headboard, but after that Billy just
  let us do what we wanted. It was three against one, right? He couldn't fight
  that. Like I said, he ain't stupid.  
So that's where he is right now. Tied up spread-eagled
  with that juicy boy-man ass of his up in the air on that there bed in the back
  for when we next feel like havin' a poke at his expense. It may be a while
  for me. I'm tired and then some. Even so I took me a coupla pills to help me
  sleep and then sat down to write this while it kicked in. I decided last week
  that my mem'ry is slippin' a bit 'bout some of these boys and it would be nice
  to have a record maybe. I don't know exactly how long I'll keep at it actually,
  but it's been sorta fun to write it all down so far.  
Now I'll stop and go git into my trundlebed, as
  my mom use to call it. I never quite known what a trundlebed is actually but
  that's what she used to call it, and I still do sometimes.  
Sunday   
 I went the whole dang day without poking Billy once actually. But Wayne
  I know he came over and did. I heard him and Billy talkin' while he did it
  too but they didn't know I was listenin' which made it all the more fun.  
 "You gotta let me go, Wayne. I won't tell nobody 'bout any of this. Promise."  
 Wayne he mumbled something. I couldn't hear what, maybe 'cause he had his
  face more or less buried in Billy's neck whereas Billy he kept turnin' his
  head around to talk even though he was gittin' fucked.  
 "He got you into this, right, Wayne? I know he did. He's one sick motherfucker,
  Wayne. You better'n this. Hell, you like girls, I know you do. But that there
  Dean he's queer all the way through, man. He's queer all the way through and
  he's done gone and made you catch it, man. But you ain't really queer, I know
  you ain't."  
 Wayne mumbled something else.  
 "You should kill him, Wayne. Let me go and I'll help you to do it, I promise.
  He couldn't do nothin' 'gainst the two of us, Wayne. Aiii! That hurts, Wayne!
  Don't go so hard at it! Why you got to go and do this to me, Wayne? I was a
  bud, man. I was a bud."  
 Wayne lifted his head up and I actually heard what he said this time.  
 "He pays good. Reeeaaal gooood," he said in that fuckin' redneck drawl of
  his. "Where'm I gonna git the money from if'n we kills him, even thinkin' we
  could? No. I'm sorry Billy but he already done said he's gonna pay me a thousand
  bucks for you, friend or no friend. It's just your bad luck is all. 'Sides,
  you wanted to come over here. Said you knew what Dean did to kids and you was
  hot for a blowjob. You didn't say that but I knew what you was thinkin'. But
  now you know the whole. It's a lot more 'n blowjobs, ain't it? Which is why
  Dean cain't let you go now and I wants this car I done seen and like I said
  anyway that thousand bucks, well it'll sure hep."  
 I laughed to myself so's they couldn't hear and then come back to bed, leavin'
  Wayne a pokin' Billy up the ass. I need to get caught up on my sleep, but when
  I do I will have me more fun with Billy myself. He's clearly gonna last a while,
  strong like he is and all. 'Sides, ain't nobody been come round lookin' for
  him far as I know, so he's at least good for a few more days. Maybe even longer.  
Monday   
 Well, I was back to my old self today. Didn't even need any of them pills
  to git me up and goin' either. I called in sick even since I felt so good and
  wanted to play with Billy some more while he's still fit enough for it.  
 He was lookin' a little bit parched to start with--his lips bein' sorta
  split and cracked and all--so I went and got him a beer, then two, and he drunk
  'em both down like he ain't never had nothing to drink for days and I guess
  he hadn't since Saturday night. I sat on his back and held his neck up while
  he drank, feelin' that big adam's apple of his hop and bob around as he chugged
  it all down. I think he's cleaned out in the shit department but I had to change
  the towel David had under his dick 'cause he had peed again at some point.
  Not bad, but it was still a little damp and all.  
 That skin of his still looks real pretty, though. Maybe not quite so glowin'-in-the-dark
  pretty like it did, but he has one great complexion even so. Girl-pretty again,
  even though he's all boy otherwise as I proved by pullin' his dick out down
  between his legs and strokin' it till it got hard.  
 I will say his butt's now a little worse for wear. It's good David's been
  keepin' away the way he has or it might be totally shot. David he shouldn't
  a used that big dildo on Billy's ass right off the bat like that. Even so,
  Billy's asshole felt real good and then some once I started pokin' for real.
  He actually kinda humped along with me or that's what it seemed like when I
  finally finished with the beer and got my dick in and goin'.  
 I lifted his hair up and bit at the back of his neck as I humped him 'cause
  I like the salty taste of it. His hair's a little flat from all the sweatin'
  he's done, but it's still nice and long like it was.  
 I was still at it when he said, "Dean, I'm gittin' where I kinda like it,
  Dean. I mean, it don't feel so bad no more anyway."  
 I dropped his head and rubbed at his tied-up arms as he talked.  
 "That right?" I said.  
 "Yeah," he said. "So what do you think? I could promise to come by anytime
  you wanted . . . you know . . . to play . . . and you could . . . you know
  . . . do this or whatever . . . you know."  
 "Likely story," I said, gettin' a little breathless as the fuck started
  to build up the way it does. "I know what you'd do. You'd go tell somebody.
  Maybe that hard-ass dad of yours or somebody and I'd be in deep shit. No thank
  you! That or you'd come back huntin' for me yourself like you said. No thank
  you again."  
 "But you cain't just KILL me, Dean! I mean, why would you just KILL me?
  You'll get caught for sure you do that. Caught and sent up for the 'lectric
  chair. You cain't just kill people and git away with it."  
 "Billy, honey"--I sometimes call 'em honey&mdash;"I been killin' me kids
  like you for years now and I ain't been caught yet. Know what more? I ain't
  gonna ever BE caught either. Know why? 'Cause I'm smart, that's why. I got
  me a routine down pat by now. Wayne and David they help. When they stop helpin',
  well, then they go bye-bye too. That's all. You can even tell Wayne I said
  that next time you two do any more lovey-dovey pillowtalk the way you was a-doin'
  yesterday. It won't make no difference, though. I wave me some Uncle Sam dollars
  in Wayne's face and he does just what I want. That's how it's worked. That's
  how it's gonna keep workin' until I get too old for this shit. Which, I have
  to tell you, ain't gonna be any time soon. Not soon enough for you to save
  your ass anyway. Speakin' of which . . . ."  
 And I humped hard till I done cum.  
Tuesday    
 I went to work today--had to--but I had me some smooth, hot Billy-ass right
  before I left and soon as I got home too. I don't think anybody'd been over
  at the house at all. It was still locked up the way I left it. Wayne he has
  a key but David don't anyway. Even so, I didn't see no sign of Wayne or nobody.  
I had gagged Billy just to be on the safe side
  since he was gonna be left alone like that for the first time. He was parched
  again soon as I got home and I took the gag out so we went back to the beer
  routine so as to juice him back up so's he would feel like a little playtime.
  He already looks thinner than he was, what with the dehydration, I guess. And
  his skin seems a whiter pale some, like he's already losin' his tan though
  he ain't been outa the sun that many days. He can still get it up, though.
  Just to see if he could I dug his dick back down out from between his legs
  again and jerked on it till he got hard and cum. It's a real nice big bone.
  One the bigger one's I ever done had like this. I can see why the girls have
  been a-wantin' to go down on it. There was a little blood in the cum, which
  there was still a surprisin' amount of--given how he ain't been eatin' or drinkin'
  much since Wayne brought him in. The blood probably comes from where his prostrates
  done gone and got bruised or something. I've seen it happen before after a
  guy's had his butt hard-fucked the way Billy has. Some bleed from the ass too,
  but Billy he ain't done that once. That's how well built for fuckin' he is.
  No, he never knew til now but that's what he was really built for.  
I guess the beers had to work on him before he
  could get his tongue back for talkin' 'cause it was a while before he said
  anything.  
Then he said, "Dean? . . . Dean?"  
It was said soft-like, like he was weak and I guess
  he was.  
He turned his head around, though, so he warn't
  that weak.  
His face where David hit him is not so bad really.
  There's the one black eye and the bruise across his cheekbones and the split
  lip but it's healin'. The nose looks better too. It don't seem to have been
  broken none anyway.  
"You spoke?" I asked.  
I had been bitin' at his neck again, which was
  even saltier than before and a little rank too but it didn't bother me. His
  whole body's gone and got a bit of B.O. now, if the truth be told, but it's
  still in the tolerable zone. I may sponge him down again, I may not. I did
  that once yesterday and he seemed to like it but I only worked at his pits
  and his ass. Those are the main places that need it anyway. And his crotch,
  I guess.  
"I don't wanna go to hell, Dean," he finally said.
  He had that little teary sound in his voice again, like I care if he feels
  bad. "And I know that's where I'll go if you . . . . Please don't make me go
  to hell, Dean. I ain't been good. I ain't been good at all."  
"There ain't no heaven and there ain't no hell," I
  said back, though to be honest I'm not sure but don't give a damn one way or
  the other even if there is.  
"I think there is. I think there is. I didn't but
  now I do."  
"The only place you gonna go is into a hole in
  the ground out there by the reservoir. But if'n it makes you feel any better
  you won't be alone out there anyway. We been plantin' kids out there for a
  long time now. Must be over a dozen or so."  
"I don't wanna go to hell," he repeated.  
He said it a coupla more time.  
It was startin' to sound like a stuck record.  
Well, it finally got to me.  
"You want hell?" I said. "This is hell!"  
And I poked him as hard and as mean as I could.
  He didn't yelp this time, but it shut him up like I wanted and so I was able
  to finish my fuckin' in peace.  
Wednesday    
 Same as yesterday pretty much. Billy B. is still hangin' in there. Did my
  mornin' fuck before I set off to work. Then come home to find Wayne prowlin'
  round, wantin' his money mainly. I told him he would have to wait till Friday
  when I git paid. He got all huffy but I told him what he could do with that
  attitude and he shut up. He peeked in on Billy then, asked how he was doin'
  while lookin' through the door. I said, "Just fine, thank you very much. You
  want to fuck him some like you did before? He's still givin' good tail." Wayne
  he just did his usual shrug and shook that shaggy dirty head of his. "Maybe
  next time." "There may not be a next time," I said. "He's startin' to wear
  on me if you wanna know. Been talkin' 'bout hell and heaven and stuff like
  that yesterday." "You want me to help when you git ready to do him?" I sometimes
  think Wayne has come to like this part the best. The actual killin' time part,
  that is. "Sure," I said. "When?" he said, still eyeing Billy through the back
  room door. "Tomorrow after work," I said. "Why don't you come by and help me
  get him out to the reservoir at least?" Wayne grinned that mean little grin
  of his. "Hell, I'll help you do more than that, Dean. You know that." 'Deed
  I do, I thought, you little asshole. But truth is I will be glad to have Wayne
  pitch in. Billy's gonna be one of the strappingest we ever done done. It'll
  be a two-man job for sure.  
Thursday   
 Well, Wayne was good as his word. He was waitin' again when I got home havin'
  had his rocks off, he said, one last time. He was comin' outa the back room
  zippin' back up even as I walked in. Stuck-record Billy was goin' on and on
  behind him 'bout how Wayne should let him go, please Wayne let me go, I won't
  tell nobody, all that kinda crap. He seemed to know the gig was up. Or maybe
  Wayne had done told him it was. It would be like Wayne to do that.  
 David showed up too about then.  
"Hello, stranger," I said, but he just smiled and
  went back to see Billy.  
 "Last chance," I told him leanin' on the door while he went round the bed
  to get a good look. "Billy's 'bout spent out as you can see, so me and Wayne
  thought we would just go ahead and put him outa his misery directly. Wayne
  says he'll help me out to the reservoir but the more's the merrier if you want
  to join in before that."  
 "Where's that dildo?" David asked. "I wouldn't mind doin' that one more
  time while I jack off."  
 I went and got it.  
 When I got back Wayne was sittin' over in the corner where he could see
  good. His dick was already out and he was already a-shaggin' on it.  
 David he was up on the bed between Billy's legs unzippin' hisself but he
  warn't actually out or hard yet.  
 "Here 'tis," I said as I handed the dildo over. It must be a good ten inches
  and some two in the width. A real ass-bustin' motherfucker in any case. As
  Billy B. already had reason to know.  
 He knew what was comin', of course, and started cryin' and beggin' again
  and all that shit. Like any of it was gonna do him any good. Maybe he warn't
  so smart as I had thought he was at the start actually. Anyway, David went
  to work the way only he can and Billy was soon yellin' bloody murder. I got
  up and closed the back room door just to be on the safe side.  
Billy's ass was all raw and sore by now anyway,
  but David he really put it to him on this occasion. Bust a gut, they say. Well,
  that sure was what David seemed to be tryin' to do with that big dildo.  
We all cum about the same time when we cum. Except
  Billy, of course. He was still in the land of the livin' I am glad to say but
  he had done lost his voice he had yelled so much. That, along with the effect
  of the dehydration, I guess.  
David he seemed happy the way he always does after
  he has done had his fun, so he got off and said, "You and Wayne can take it
  from here, I guess. I'm gonna go get me a beer but I'll hang around to help
  you load him up anyway."  
He meant after we done killed Billy, of course.
  There's this here box we put 'em in to transport 'em out the where we burys
  'em so David was sayin' he'd help with that at least.  
"The usual?" I says to Wayne who had gone and got
  his zipper stuck tryin' to zip it back up. The asshole.  
"Sure," he said. "It's always fun."  
I went and got the rope and then went to one side
  of the bed and Wayne finally got his zipper up and he went to the other side
  and then we both got up onto the bed and shuffled up as far as we could near
  to Billy's head by his arms, and he kept twistin' his face this way and then
  that way to keep a-lookin' at one of us and then the other of us and then he
  said in what he had left of his voice, which was not much, "Don't kill me.
  Don't kill me. Please don't kill me. I swear I'll do whatever yawl want." But
  Wayne and me both just laughed and I said, "Here, Wayne, you take your end," and
  he did, and then I took my end and then I looped the rope around Billy's neck.
  It got tangled in his hair some as I tightened it up but so what. Billy was
  still at it. "Don't kill me. Don't kill me. Please don't kill me." Why do so
  many of 'em turn into stuck records like that? Anyway, I said to Wayne, "Get
  ready. Get set. Go." And we did. Wayne pullin' back and me pullin back, and
  Billy him jerkin' and gaggin' and gaspin' and kicking as much as he could,
  which wasn't much once we really set to it. The rope dug in deep. You could
  see that. Billy eyes popped. His tongue too. It looked like he had a third
  lip anyway. Then these hot dyin' body-spasms set in. I always love it when
  the hot dyin body-spasms set in! Up and down Billy's whole body they went,
  which still looked pretty goddamned good to me. So good I almost wondered if
  we shouldn't call a halt and keep him around a bit longer after all. But then
  I thought, oh what the hell there's more where he came from, and just pulled
  on my end of the rope even harder.  
Me and Wayne then talked about who we might in
  fact git next. Wayne said he had a coupla good 'uns in mind that he knew I
  would like that he was workin' on. So I said to see what he could do. Then
  we laughed about how Billy had been. Smart in his way but then finally not
  so smart. "But a real looker, you gotta admit that," I said. "That's still
  one damn fine butt right there even now." I nodded in the direction where it
  was all clenched up from the spasms, which was slowin' down at this point but
  was not over yet. Wayne shrugged like he didn't think that way about guys.
  Yeah, right. I don't know what we talked about after that but we loosened the
  rope a bit just 'cause our arms was gittin' tired but we kept it tight enough
  to keep doin' the job that needed doin'. Wayne had learned the hard way how
  long it could take before the job is actually done, so he warn't no longer
  impatient the way he once was.  
David finally strolled back in, a beer in his hand.  
"Let me see," he said. So he come around to git
  a look at Billy's face. I reached out and got Billy by his hair and pulled
  his head back. Sweaty hair was all stragglin' down over his face, though, so
  David he had to brush it off before he could see better.  
"Shit. He's dead," David said. "I done seen me
  a lot of dead faces by now and that's a dead one for sure. Yawl don't have
  to go on gittin' a hernia. He's a goner for good."  
And he was. And, like the others I had done told
  him about, we planted him out at the reservoir where I said we would. And that's
  where he is now.  
Unless hell got him like he feared it would.  
Which I sincerely doubt, since we accidentally
  dug in on another one we had planted out there before while we was searchin'
  for a good spot to put good ole Billy B. in and he was still there. It was
  Ruben for sure. Lookin' a little like something that got loose on Halloween
  straight out of a horror movie, that's true. But he was still there just the
  same. Just where we had done put him when his time came. Just as Billy B. will
  be too. Till kingdom come and I think even beyond that, if you ask me.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jason


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





