BDSM Library - Princess Alana




Princess Alana
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alana Montcliff is a successful young architect who has just bought a home that she plans to remodel.  Little does she know that, while she is making plans for the house, neighbors are making plans for her.Princess Alana   
Chapter 1: A New Home for Alana  
Alana hugged herself as she sat up in bed. It was almost too good to be true.
  She had just spent her first night in her new house!  
She knew that it needed some work, but she knew that the old Victorian would
  someday shine and would become the jewel of the neighborhood. It had charm.
  Or, to be more correct, it had the potential for charm.  
The twenty five year old architect had been looking for almost a year before
  she found the neglected house in the fashionable historical district. Because
  she had been so active and insistent in her search, all of the real estate
  agents knew her and knew what she looking for. As a result, she was given a
  showing and had bought the house before it even had a chance to get listed.  
She laid back down and stretched out on the bed. This let her observed the
  cracked and peeling ceiling, but she knew that all it needed was a little tender
  loving care. That and some vision were what the house needed and she knew that
  she could provide both.  
Even at her young age, she had already established herself in the architecture
  firm where she worked. She was always brought in to consult on the most difficult
  renovation projects and had established a long list of clients who were loyal
  to her. It was rumored, within the firm, that she was to be named as a partner
  soon, which would make her the youngest partner ever.  
But that was not what was important to her. She just loved to create. And
  now, Alana had something of her own that would let her unleash her creativity.
  And it was the most exciting thing she could imagine.  
Eventually, she slid out of bed and stood up. She had to walk down the hall
  to the bathroom, but that was only going to be a temporary inconvenience until
  she created her master suite. After using the toilet and brushing her teeth,
  she turned to inspect herself in the cracked full-length mirror on the back
  of the door. "Who would put a mirror there?" she wondered critically, but it
  did not stop her from conducting her inspection.  
"Not bad," she thought as she eyed her five foot, eight inch frame. Aside
  from her disheveled blonde hair, everything was perfect. Large bright blue
  eyes, an angular nose, a softly chiseled chin and full lips adorned her beautiful
  face. A long swan-like neck led down to her soft shoulders, which supported
  her slender but toned arms. Her chest had been a mixed blessing. She looked
  at her firm 36C breasts, admiring them and knowing that others admired them
  too, but knew that she had to keep them hidden with jackets and other loose
  fitting clothing when she was in a professional setting. She ran a hand down
  her firm belly and then ran her fingers through the little downy tuft of blonde
  hair above her sex. Turning slightly to inspect her bottom and finding it still
  firm and pert, she concluded her inspection and then showered, returning to
  her bedroom to get dressed. She had today and tomorrow to work at her job and
  then she had arranged a full week off to spend time fixing up her new home.  
She buzzed through her assignments that day and even had time to help some
  colleagues solve problems that seemed insurmountable. She met with some clients,
  attended some meetings and did some paperwork. But at quitting time, she uncharacteristically
  headed for the door and bee-lined home.  
She spent the evening making lists of what she wanted to accomplish during
  the upcoming week. After she had gotten home, she peeled off her clothes out
  of habit and prepared to shower. But then, she reasoned that she was likely
  to get all dirty again as she inspected the house so she just pulled a pair
  of panties up her legs. She figured that it was her house and, if she wanted
  to walk around it in nothing but a pair of panties, that was her choice.  
She started upstairs with a pad of paper and started listing chores room
  by room. When supplies or materials would be needed, she would jot those down
  in the margin. Anything that was to be done during her week off was circled.
  The uncircled items would be left for a future date. Her main objective for
  her vacation was to make the house livable and presentable. Paint and soap
  would be the primary ingredients. Renovation, such as moving walls, would wait
  for now.  
Room after room made the list grow longer. She would pick up all of the things
  that she needed after work on Friday. And then, on Saturday, she would make
  a tour of the outside to add to her current list before organizing and prioritizing
  everything into a plan that would guide her upcoming week and the next few
  months.  
Since her stereo was still packed, she had to settle for her Walkman but
  was still able to put on a little dance in several of the rooms or as she moved
  down a hallway. Thankfully, each of the downstairs windows had heavy blinds,
  which she made sure were closed. Apparently, the previous owners cherished
  their privacy.  
She had just finished a little pirouette at the end of the last song with
  her arms outstretched, pad of paper in one hand and pen in the other. When
  she opened her eyes at the end of the spin, she was confronted with the figure
  of a woman standing in the doorway to the room. She quickly ripped off her
  headset and brought the pad of paper to her chest to provide what little modesty
  she had remaining.  
"Aren't you a beauty?" commented the woman.  
"I&hellip; What&hellip; Who&hellip;" Alana stammered, too nervous to even
  finish a sentence.  
"I knew you were attractive when I saw you moving in the other day," the
  woman went on, "but I had no idea how much. As far as your questions go, I'm
  Grace, your next door neighbor. And I was bringing you a welcoming gift." She
  held up a vase full of roses. "I knocked and then opened the door and called
  out for you. When I didn't get a response, I thought I should check to see
  that you were all right. Can't be too careful, can we?"  
"Oh god," muttered Alana. "I'm so sorry. I didn't think anyone would see
  me or I would have had proper clothes on." She clutched the pad of paper even
  tighter to her chest but it really did not hide much. The full breasts protruded
  past the sides of the pad, providing an enticing view of the lush, smooth curves.  
"Well, I just wanted to welcome you. And there's no need for apologies. If
  I had a body like yours, I'd be dancing around naked also."  
Alana felt her cheeks blushing furiously from the embarrassment of her predicament.
  Finally, she realized that she had to do something to move beyond this humiliating
  situation.  
"That was very kind of you, Grace. Won't you stay for tea so we can chat
  and get to know one another? Let me just run upstairs and throw some clothes
  on and I'll be right with you."  
"Tea would be lovely," smiled Grace. "But no need for clothes." She took
  Alana's hand and started leading her toward the kitchen. "I've already seen
  everything. And besides, it's just us girls. Unless you're ashamed of your
  body, that is."  
Alana opened her mouth to protest but then closed it as she steamed to herself.
  Ashamed of her body? Never! And if she could make a point by keeping a robe
  off of her shoulders, then now was the time to do it.  
Alana shook her hand free and stepped in front of Graze to lead her back
  to the kitchen where she rummaged around until she found a teapot and put some
  water on the stove to boil. Then she pulled out a chair and sat at the kitchen
  table with Grace.  
"You're a spunky one, aren't you?" asked Grace.  
"They don't come much spunkier," smiled Alana coolly.  
"I'll bet you were a cheerleader in college. You have that wholesome, girl-next-door
  air about you combined with a body that kills."  
"Actually," Alana replied, trying to hold back her irritation, "I was the
  captain of the field hockey and basketball teams. The cheerleaders used to
  dance around for me. And the boys sure knew how to dance."  
"Oh," said Grace as she raised her eyebrows," things have surely changed
  since my day."  
Alana took the time to assess her neighbor for the first time. She had been
  rather preoccupied until now. Grace was a tall woman with attractive features
  and a well-preserved body. She appeared to be in her mid to late thirties but
  Alana could tell that age would be difficult to judge with this woman. She
  was like many of her architectural projects: ageless. She combined elegance
  and aristocratic manners with down-hominess and all of that made her difficult
  to figure out. But, after all, this was just a cup of tea with a neighbor and
  Alana finally decided to make no more of the situation than that.  
"I'm certainly glad someone like you bought the old Holmes place. It has
  needed some work for years and I think you might be just the one to brighten
  it up."  
"Thank you Grace," replied Alana. "I'm excited by its potential. It has such
  great lines. Such depth. It just needs someone to master its potential."  
Grace sighed as she listened to the girl and nodded. "I agree. Great lines.
  Someone to master it." She paused for a moment and then asked, "will your husband
  be joining you soon?"  
Alana laughed. "No husband, Grace. This project is all mine."  
"Well surely you have a boyfriend who will help you with the heavy work." Grace
  wanted to figure out the connections that this girl had.  
"No boyfriend," replied Alana. And then she caught herself before Grace could
  jump to the wrong conclusions. "And no girlfriends. I'm strictly into men.
  But there are no special ones at the moment."  
"A pity for them," Grace said. "You are the most beautiful creature I have
  ever seen. I guess that your not having a boyfriend speaks volumes about the
  boys out there these days."  
"Oh no," protested Alana in defense of the males of the universe. She leaned
  forward to make her point but then quickly backed off as her naked breasts
  brushed across the top of the table. She felt her blush returning. "There are
  many wonderful men out there. And I date many of them. But I am so busy with
  my job that I haven't had a chance to get serious with any of them. And now,
  with the house, I will have less time. So I guess you'll just have to live
  with a single neighbor for awhile."  
Grace smiled. "I'll plan to do just that. How old are you, Alana?"  
"I'm twenty five," she responded.  
"A perfect age. So much potential," replied Grace.  
"Are you married, Grace?" asked Alana. "I'm sorry if I'm intruding."  
Grace sighed. "Widowed. And no, you are not intruding. It's a reasonable
  question. Now, it's just my daughter and me."  
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," replied Alana, truly sorry for the woman across
  the table from her.  
"Don't be sorry, dear," reassured Grace. "It happened years ago. It was difficult
  at first, but I have successfully put the pieces back together."  
Alana smiled. "Would you care for some more tea?"  
"Yes, please. That would be delightful." Alana arose and put the teapot back
  on the stove.  
"Shoulders back, girl," instructed Grace. "You are a walking masterpiece.
  Always display yourself properly."  
"Yes, Ma'am," replied Alana without thinking as she straightened herself
  and pushed back her shoulders. And then she blushed as she realized she had
  called her new friend Ma'am and hoped that she had not offended her neighbor.
  Some people hated that title.  
Grace caught the submissive tone in the response and raised her hand to hide
  the knowing smile that she knew must be creeping across her face. Alana busied
  herself with the fresh cups of tea and then sat down across from Grace.  
"Can you tell me anything about the history of the house?" asked Alana eagerly.  
"I can tell you about the last owners, but there's not much to tell. They
  were an older couple. He died about five years ago and then the house started
  to deteriorate. She died last year, and it has been ignored ever since. At
  least until this week. It has a whole new energy now."  
Alana smiled brightly, hearing Grace's words. "I just think that it has so
  much potential. And I can't wait to bring it back to life."  
"You're already bringing it back to life, girl," said Grace. "Seeing you
  dancing in that dining room told me that this house will have many exciting
  days ahead."  
Alana blushed again as she remembered herself being discovered in her dance. "Well
  hopefully nobody else finds anything in the house quite like you did."  
Alana found that she truly liked Grace. The woman had seemed odd at first
  and somewhat pushy. But after sharing two cups of tea with her, she was growing
  fond of her new neighbor.  
"If that's how you really feel," responded Grace in a sad tone, "then I've
  done the world a great disservice. You looked magnificent. You looked free
  and natural and joyous as you moved through your house and danced. I want you
  to promise me something."  
"Oh," replied Alana, somewhat surprised. "What's that?"  
"I want you to promise me that you'll always be free and natural in
    your home. Well, you can't walk around naked when you have guests over. I
    understand that. But I want you to promise me that you'll always be naked
    when I come over and find you alone. Can you do that?" 
    
Alana gulped. Was she hearing her neighbor correctly? It sounded too strange.
  But then she remembered how guilty Grace had said that she would feel if her
  earlier intrusion changed anything about Alana. She nodded slowly. "Yes, Ma'am,
  I suppose I can do that. But I can't work on the outside of the house that
  way."  
Grace felt another thrill race through her body as she elicited another Ma'am
  from the girl but tried to hide her excitement.  
"Good girl," Grace went on. "And when I say naked, I mean naked. Why are
  you wearing panties anyways?"  
"Dunno," replied a dumbfounded Alana. "I guess I just never got that far
  when I was undressing."  
"Well, I think it's time to lose them."  
Alana nodded slowly and then she reached beneath the table to remove her
  panties. She wasn't sure why she felt that it was the right thing to do, but
  somehow she knew that she should be totally naked in this house.  
"Stand up and remove them," said Grace in a soft but definitely commanding
  voice. As if in a trance, Alana nodded and then stepped to the side of the
  table to be in full view of her new friend and reached down, drawing the panties
  to her ankles. She stepped out of them and then stood nervously wondering if
  there was anything else she should do.  
"Another cup of tea would be splendid," remarked Grace as her eyes
    took in the sight of her new neighbor. The girl was magnificent and Grace's
    mind was churning as she tried to think of what to do next. Other than the
    pink thin line around the girl's hips where the waist band had been pressing
    against her flawless flesh, the girl was a perfect specimen. Even her pubic
    hair was a perfect example of perfect grooming with its light blonde hair
    having been trimmed to a little upside down teardrop. 
    
Alana went back to the sink to refill the teapot and set it back on the stove
  as Grace spoke again. "And I agree with you that you can't work outside like
  that. In fact, it would probably give Mr. Franklin across the street a heart
  attack. He's not used to such beauty. I'll come over Saturday morning and help
  you pick out some things that could be appropriate for outdoors work."  
"Yes Ma'am," replied Alana as she refilled the cups. She brought them back
  to the table but, as she did, Grace pushed out the chair beside herself in
  an obvious invitation to the naked girl to sit there instead of across the
  table from her guest. Alana sat down in the proffered chair and offered Grace
  her cup.  
"Thank you, dear," smiled Grace. "You are such a gracious hostess."  
"This is going much too well," thought Grace. "Should I push for more or
  play this catch slowly?" She decided that a slow but determined approach was
  better and said her goodbyes after they had finished their third cup of tea.  
Alana laid in bed, sleepless, for much of the night. She tried to blame it
  on all of the caffeine in the tea, but every time she moved her legs, she was
  aware of the slickness of her sex. She was not familiar with the emotions running
  through her but knew that there was something very sexual about it. Finally,
  she reached between her legs and stroked her clit to orgasm, allowing herself
  to finally drift off to sleep.  
Alana found it difficult to concentrate on Friday as memories of the previous
  evening kept returning. She finally gave up and left the office in early afternoon,
  starting her vacation a few hours prematurely. She made several stops on her
  way home, picking up supplies at the hardware store and paint store and then
  stopping at the grocery store to stock up for the weekend. At four o'clock,
  she pulled into her driveway and spend the next fifteen minutes unpacking her
  car and storing all of the items.  
This time, she did shower before getting to work, thinking that a nice shower
  would refresh her. After drying her body and hair, she stepped out of the bathroom
  and walked down the hall to her bedroom. Just then, she heard a knock on the
  back door and quickly ducked into her room to grab a robe.  
As she scrambled down the stairs, she heard the door open followed by Grace's
  voice. "Alana, are you here? Are you okay?"  
"Yes, Grace," called Alana. "I'm fine. I just got out of the shower," she
  smiled as she emerged into the kitchen to find her neighbor standing in the
  doorway.  
"Well that's good," commented Grace. "But you've already broken your promise."  
"Oh," said Alana as she realized what Grace was talking about. She slipped
  the robe off her shoulders and draped it over a kitchen chair to stand naked
  before her neighbor again. "Sorry."  
"That's okay, dear. Takes some getting used to, I'm sure. But you really
  should work on it. Something that beautiful should be celebrated and displayed
  whenever possible instead of hidden."  
"Yes Ma'am," blushed Alana, more from the compliment than her nudity this
  time.  
"I was just stopping by to see if you had any plans for tomorrow night," Grace
  went on. "I know you're planning on working all day and I figured you wouldn't
  want to be fiddling around with dinner. So I hoped you would come over to eat
  with us."  
"That would be lovely, Grace," replied Alana. "Thank you so much."  
"It will be my pleasure," smiled Grace. "I suppose I could have asked you
  tomorrow morning when I came over. I did say that I would stop by Saturday
  morning. But I figured I had to get on your schedule early. I'm sure a pretty
  young thing like you gets all sorts of invitations."  
Alana blushed again. It was true that she received many invitations but she
  almost always turned them down. She never seemed to have the time. And she
  had not met many people who she wanted to spend time with. "Well, I'm wide
  open tomorrow night, so I'm all yours. Thank you again."  
"Yes, you will be all mine," thought Grace.  
"Well, I best be on my way so you can get to work. Remember. No clothes." With
  that, she turned to leave but then stopped herself, turning back to Alana.  
"You don't want that pretty hair getting all tangled up in cobwebs and paint.
  Let me tie it up for you," Grace offered, but before Alana could answer, Grace
  was standing behind the girl, gathering her locks. The long, lush blonde hair
  flowed freely down Alana's back almost to the upper swells of her bottom. This
  allowed Grace's fingers to dance over the girl's flesh giving her the first
  taste of what the delicious girl felt like. Grace was in heaven as her hands
  moved across Alana's neck and shoulders under the pretense of gathering her
  hair. She produced a tie from somewhere and, quickly, Alana was wearing a ponytail
  that sprouted from the top rear of her head and flowed down her back. Grace
  stayed behind the girl longer than was necessary as her fingers moved down
  the ponytail, catching little feels of the soft, warm, naked flesh.  
"Looks like you have a beautiful mane there, little filly. Now off with you
  and get to work." With that, she gave Alana's rump a light swat and disappeared
  out the back door leaving Alana dazed and confused.  
Grace smiled smugly as she crossed the yards to her own house. She had decided
  the night before to move slowly with Alana but she needed to step up the relationship
  a little at a time. Last night, she had started to exert her dominance of the
  girl and already had the girl understanding that her neighbor expected her
  to remain naked. This evening, she had started to get the girl accustomed to
  being handled by her. "This is going to be fun," thought Grace.  
Princess Alana   
Chapter 2: Friendly Neighbors  
In the morning, Alana found herself standing naked in the middle of her bedroom
  as Grace busied herself selecting an outfit for the girl. "It's a balancing
  act," explained Grace. "You really are a work of art that needs to be seen
  and appreciated. But we need to appreciate the sensibilities of others around
  you. We need to find the right enhancements that reveal and shelter at the
  same time."  
"I have to start remembering to lock my doors," thought Alana. She had been
  awakened from a deep sleep by her neighbor who had let herself into the house
  on her own. Now, Grace was going through her drawers and closet looking for
  just the right "adornments." Alana was truly appreciative of the compliments.
  It must be her vanity taking control. But she also felt that her privacy was
  being invaded. She made a mental note to talk to Grace about that later. But
  right now, she had to deal with getting dressed. Or, more importantly, making
  sure that she was not kept undressed for the work that she wanted to do outside.  
"What are you planning to do outside today?" asked Grace.  
"I just want to inspect the place more closely so I can make a list of things
  to do. That will help me figure out what I need to buy and who I need to hire
  and when I can afford to do it."  
"No problem, then. Sounds like you will only need to be outside for an hour
  or so," replied the snoopy neighbor.  
"I think so," responded the naked girl as she slapped her hands down against
  her thighs in frustration. "But does it really matter how long I'll be outside?"  
"Oh yes!" exclaimed Grace. "It matters a great deal. I needed to know if
  we needed to simply display you or if we needed to expose you to the sun." Grace
  returned to her self-appointed duty and finally returned with a t-shirt and
  some jeans. "This should work."  
Alana reached for the drawer containing her underwear but Grace quickly reached
  out and slapped Alana's hand away. "I said this should work."  
"Yes Ma'am" responded Alana as she stepped into the cutoff jeans and pulled
  them up her legs. She snapped the shorts shut and zipped them before trying
  to select the remainder of her wardrobe. "I think I should wear something on
  top too."  
Grace laughed. "I agree. We have to keep Mr. Franklin healthy. Try this on." Grace
  held out a t-shirt and Alana breathed a sigh of relief. She could deal with
  a lack of underwear. But she had been concerned about how her strange neighbor
  might insist on nudity in a broader setting.  
She poked her arms through the t-shirt and let the material flutter down
  across her belly. But then she watched in horror as Grace produced a pair of
  scissors. She wanted to protest but never uttered a word as Grace used the
  scissors to eliminate most of the bottom half of the t-shirt.  
"Grace!" protested Alana. "I can't go out there like this!"  
"And why not?" asked Grace, innocently.  
"I'm indecent!"  
"Oh, little one, you are anything but indecent," replied Grace. "You are
  the most decent thing I have ever seen."  
Alana blushed again at the compliment. "That's not what I meant. You knew
  it wasn't. I meant that I'm too exposed."  
"Oh, hush girl," responded Grace. "You're not nearly exposed enough as far
  as I'm concerned. But at least we've made you acceptable to the prying eyes
  of the neighborhood. You should be thanking me instead of whining."  
"Oh but Grace," Alana's voice trailed off..  
"Hush child. I know what's best." Grace busied herself by creating another
  ponytail atop Alana's head and then stepped in front of the girl. "You can
  be such a spoilsport at times. We'll have to work on that." Alana remained
  silent through the entire chastisement. But finally, her eyes flew wide open
  as she gasped.  
Grace, who was standing in front of her, had touched her breasts! Not only
  was she touching her breasts, but she was holding them up in the palms of her
  hands! "These are real. Magnificent!"  
Alana wanted to protest the uninvited intimacy but a swat on the bottom and
  some instructions from Grace sent her outside. Grace joined her for a moment
  to give her the pad of paper and the pen. And then she left, leaving Alana
  standing in her front yard with the lower swells of her breasts peeking out
  beneath the cropped t-shirt.  
Alana glanced around the neighborhood quickly and saw that, thankfully, nobody
  was around. "Thank god for small blessings," she muttered to herself. "Best
  get this over with." She decided to start in the front while people were still
  in their houses and then move to the relative privacy of her back yard.  
Her experienced eye quickly addressed the building and soon she was making
  notes and drawing sketches of possible modifications. She continued to be pleased
  with her purchase and could not wait to bring the structure back to life. It
  really was a jewel and it deserved to sparkle.  
"Hi there," a male voice called out, startling her and breaking into her
  imaginings. She looked around and finally saw the man on the other side of
  a row of hedges at the side of the yard.  
"Oh. Hi there," she replied.  
"Ted Crandall," the man said. "You must be the new kid on the block."  
Alana smiled nervously. "Yes, I'm the new kid. Just moved in this week." She
  crossed to the hedgerow and extended her arm to shake hands. "Alana Montcliff," she
  announced.  
"Pleased to meet you, Alana. Your moving in has certainly beautified the
  neighborhood."  
Alana blushed as she realized that Ted was staring at her chest. Reaching
  out to shake hands must have lifted her shirt slightly because she could feel
  the cool breeze dancing over a little more breast flesh than earlier. Quickly,
  she withdrew her hand and ncrossed her arms over her chest in an effort to
  restore her modesty.  
"Thank you," she said nervously. Then she took a deep breath to steady herself. "I
  really love the neighborhood. It has such charm."  
Ted also took a deep breath but it was more to let out a whistle in appreciation
  of the beautiful creature standing before him. "Are you an actress or a model
  or something?"  
"No, nothing like that," replied Alana. "An architect."  
"Well you can build me whatever you want whenever you want, Miss Architect," exclaimed
  the man.  
Alana was starting to get annoyed by her neighbor but tried hard not to show
  it. "I design things, actually. Not build. If you'll excuse me, I've got to
  get back to work."  
"No problem," said Ted, getting the message. "Hope I didn't offend. Maybe
  I can make it up by inviting you over to dinner tonight. I'm sure my wife would
  love to meet you."  
"And I would love to meet your wife and get to know the two of you," Alana
  responded graciously. "Perhaps next weekend. I'm already taken for this evening."  
"Sounds good to me. I'll talk to Meredith and we'll set something up. I'll
  let you get back to work now. Nice meeting you, Alana."  
"Very nice meeting you too, Ted." And she returned to her list-making.  
"Taken," thought Ted as he watched the firm rounded bottom walking away from
  him and caught a glimpse of the smooth skin of the unfettered and partially
  exposed breasts. "I'd sure like to be doing the taking with that tender morsel."  
Alana was trembling after this encounter and could hardly even concentrate
  on the task before her. But somehow, she managed to finish in the front of
  the house with her ideas and projects for the house. The landscaping would
  have to wait for a day when she had more clothing. She moved to the backyard
  to look at what needed to be done there.  
She had only been in the privacy of the backyard for a few minutes before
  she again became self-conscious of her attire. "I'm dressed like a slut!" she
  thought. "Or an over-anxious teenager. This is ridiculous!" She stormed into
  the house and changed into a pair of jeans and a full t-shirt before returning
  to the yard to renew her survey.  
Alana felt much more comfortable, mentally, if not physically. She was at
  least back in control. She had to admit to herself, though, that her other
  outfit was more comfortable. The cutoffs might have been too short but at least
  they didn't bind at her knees and crotch. And it was much nicer to feel the
  natural breeze against her legs. The shirt was okay but, again, she missed
  the at-one-with-nature feel. Plus, her other outfit would help with her tanning.  
But it just wasn't proper, she decided. It was too lewd and revealing. She
  would suffer within the confines of more proper dress. Plus, she decided, it
  was time to be dressed inside the house as well. She would talk to Grace about
  that the next time she saw her.  
Grace watched Alana from an upstairs bedroom. She had observed Alana's interaction
  with Ted from a different window earlier and had chuckled at the way it had
  gone. Judging by the way that Ted's pants were tented out in front of him after
  the encounter, he was interested in Alana. She filed that away for future use.
  Grace had been plotting for over a year on ways to snare Meredith but had never
  come up with a scheme to capture her. Maybe the pieces were falling into place
  and she might end up owning the blonde beauty along with the modest but beautiful
  redhead, Meredith.  
Now she was watching Alana in the backyard wearing the newly donned jeans
  and t-shirt. She considered going over to her neighbor's to exert her authority
  again but decided that watching and waiting might give her more information
  that she could use later.  
She watched as Alana moved slowly around the perimeter of the yard, inspecting
  the tall privacy fence and the shrubs and vines that were held within. Alan
  tried to peer between each board in the fence and used her fingers to sample
  the leaves of each of the plants.  
A swing set sat in one of the back corners of the lot and Grace watched as
  Alana sat down, setting her paper and pencil aside, to swing back and forth
  for several minutes. "She's an angel," thought Grace. "My angel."  
Eventually, the swinging stopped and Alana moved back toward the house. Grace
  watched as the girl frequently tugged at her clothing and then saw her dart
  into the house. She reemerged a few minutes later wearing the cut-offs and
  the cropped t-shirt. "She's definitely mine!" exclaimed Grace who quickly ducked
  down in case she was heard by her prey.  
Saturday evening, Alana knocked on her neighbor's door. She carried a vase
  of flowers and a bottle of wine that she ran out to purchase that afternoon
  in preparation for her dinner with Grace. Alana waited for a few moments and
  then the door opened to reveal a younger and shorter version of Grace.  
"Hi, I'm your new neighbor. I'm Alana," she said.  
"Oh hi," replied the girl who appeared to be in her mid-teens. "Mom told
  me you were coming over. I'm Kelly."  
Alana handed the flowers to Kelly. "These are for you." And then she held
  up the bottle. "And this is for your mother," which caused Kelly to wrinkle
  her nose.  
"I see you two have met," observed Grace as she came out of the kitchen,
  complete with apron. She kissed Alana on the cheek and took the bottle from
  her. "That was very thoughtful of you. Thank you."  
Alana had a very enjoyable time with the mother and daughter as they stood
  in the kitchen while Grace finished the meal. And she enjoyed the dinner and
  the lively conversation that accompanied it. All three women pitched in to
  clear the table and clean the dishes and then they retired to the den.  
"So have you figured out how you're going to transform your new home?" asked
  Grace.  
"No, not really," replied Alana. "I know what I want to do inside to make
  it livable for awhile. And I came up with some ideas for sprucing it up outside.
  But the transformation will take awhile. I made a few sketches but I need to
  live in it for a bit before I'll know."  
"Well, I'm sure it will be lovely when you're done," said Grace. "It's already
  lovelier just having you inside it."  
"Thank you, Grace," murmured Alana. "But wait til you see the whole thing."  
"That's fair," responded Grace. "We'll wait until you're finished. But speaking
  of the whole thing, I was telling Kelly how lovely you are. She accused me
  of exaggerating but I insisted that you were the perfect model of femininity.
  That you were the ideal. Would you take off your dress so I can prove her wrong?"  
"Grace!" hissed Alana as she leaned over to her hostess. "I can't do that!"  
"Of course you can," Grace whispered back. "I can help you if you like."  
"But she's just a teenager!"  
"She'll be fine with it. You don't have to worry about her acquiring any
  dietary obsessions to get a body like yours. She's pretty level-headed. And
  she turns eighteen on Thursday."  
Dietary obsessions were the furthest things from Alana's mind. She wasn't
  thinking about how the girl might starve or gorge herself to get the perfect
  body. It just wasn't proper to take one's clothes off like that.  
"Please do," said Kelly. "Mother has told me how beautiful you are. It's
  not that I doubt her because I can already see how beautiful you are. But I'd
  like to see all that she told me about."  
"That's fair," said Grace as she stood up and pulled Alana to her feet. She
  pulled the reluctant girl to the center of the room and then started removing
  the clothing. Grace took advantage of this moment to also accustom Alana to
  her touch.  
"Notice the long slender neck," commented Grace, running the fingers of both
  hands down Alana's neck, leaving a trail of gooseflesh behind. "Very elegant.
  Very aristocratic."  
The sundress was the first to fall to the floor and Grace wrapped her arms
  around Alana from the back before unclasping the bra and letting it fall to
  the floor.  
Alana glanced at Kelly but then averted her gaze when she saw the teenager
  staring intently into her eyes. Alana closed her eyes and bit her lower lip
  as she felt Grace drawing her panties down her legs. She wondered why she wasn't
  protesting.  
 
  Alana spent the rest of the evening naked among two other clothed females.
      They talked and laughed and Alana eventually stopped blushing. Finally,
      Alana went home wearing her sundress and being told that her hostesses
      would wash her underwear and return it to her the next day. She walked
      across the yards in a daze.   
"What do you think?" asked Grace after their guest had left.  
"Perfect birthday present, Mom," replied Kelly. "But do you think you can
  do it that fast?"  
"Pretty sure," said Grace. "I think she's ripe for the picking."  
"I sure hope you're right," smiled Kelly. "I can't believe it. My very first
  slavegirl."  
Chapter 3: Setting the Hook  
Grace's actions over the next few days were deliberate. Her objective was
  to make Alana more and more dependent on her and to get her accustomed to being
  controlled. The second part of that was easy. Alana only put up feeble resistance
  and protests when Grace touched her or told her what to do. And by the end
  of the third day, there was not even much of that.  
Creating the dependence would be more difficult. Alana was a very capable
  young lady and had been relatively independent for years. It would be a matter
  of slowly chipping away at the girl's confidence. But this was a tricky art.
  If done too quickly or too clumsily, Alana could become offended and back away.
  If that happened, Grace knew that it could take years to enslave the girl.  
After Monday, when Alana stopped resisting being controlled, Grace brought
  Kelly in on the activities. After all, reasoned Grace, the beautiful young
  woman would eventually be her daughter's property. And she was hoping that
  Kelly would be able to take possession by Thursday. So Kelly was encouraged
  to play a controlling role.  
But the job of undermining Alana's confidence and making her dependent was
  too delicate to entrust to a teenager. Grace would have to do that herself.
  Little innocent questions and comments were insinuated into conversations. "Are
  you sure you want to go to town dressed like that?" "I'm sure you can do better." "Why
  do you wear your hair that way?" "That will make you fat."  
Slowly, Alana found herself seeking advice from Grace on just about everything.
  By Wednesday, advice had turned into permission and Alana needed to be allowed
  to do things.  
Kelly would stop by numerous times each day, typically under the auspices
  of checking to see how the remodeling was coming along. She would start each
  visit with a hug and a kiss, which she particularly enjoyed. It was wonderful
  to hold a fully-grown, naked woman.  
Grace had coached Kelly to start slowly but to steadily escalate. First was
  the hug and kiss. A couple of visits later, Kelly held onto Alana's hand as
  they toured the progress. On the next visit, Kelly held the hand but controlled
  the movement, stopping, starting and turning Alana at will. A few more visits
  and it was an arm across the shoulders. Then it was an arm around the waist.
  By Tuesday evening, Kelly led Alana around with a hand on her bottom, something
  that Alana would have never allowed a few days before.  
Alana barely even noticed the change. And what little change she did notice
  was attributed to the loving nature of the mother and daughter. Alana figured
  that her new neighbors were becoming more and more comfortable with her and
  just letting their affections shine through.  
That evening, Alana returned to Grace's for dinner and quickly found herself
  naked again. But there was no blushing this time and the three females sat
  in the family room discussing everything under the sun.  
Dinner was served and eaten as the conversation continued. Finally, when
  everyone was finished, Grace spoke. "Alana, would you be a good girl and do
  the clearing?" Alana was slightly taken aback by the request but arose and
  started clearing the table. "Sure, no problem," she replied.  
Grace patted the naked bottom. "We'll be in the family room when you are
  finished. Oh, and bring us each a cup of tea."  
On Wednesday morning, Kelly escalated her control again. On the first visit
  of the day, she hugged and kissed Alana but the kiss lingered this time. Kelly
  held the naked woman tightly as the kiss seemed to go on forever. Finally,
  a flushed and panting Alana was released and it was evident to Kelly that she
  had aroused her future slavegirl.. The flush extended to Alana's chest and
  her two stiff nipples betrayed her arousal.  
"Whoa! What was that?" asked a dazed Alana.  
Kelly smiled brightly. "I really like you. I just wanted you to know that."  
"Yes," breathed Alana, trying to catch her breath, "I could tell."  
A couple of more visits and Alana's breasts became fair game. "Yours are
  so wonderful," commented Kelly as she stood before Alana lifting a full breast
  in each hand. "I hope mine turn out like these."  
Instead of protesting the unusual familiarity, Alana consoled Kelly instead. "Nonsense," replied
  Alana. "You have a beautiful body. And your breasts are perfect additions to
  your form. Trust me. I'm an architect. I know about form."  
"Do you really think so?" asked Kelly. In actuality, she was quite proud
  of her breasts and had been just putting on an act. Quite proud of her entire
  figure, in fact. But she had a plan. Her five-foot five-inch frame was slender
  and she had a delicate look about her although she was actually quite strong. "Wiry,
  fast and strong," her lacrosse coach used to say when describing her. And her
  34C breasts actually looked large on that frame. "Would you like to see them?"  
"Uh," stammered Alana. "I guess so. Sure."  
"Well you don't have to," Kelly said with a pout on her face. She was going
  to play this scene for all it was worth.  
"No, really," said Alana, worried that she had hurt Kelly's feelings. "I
  would love to see yours."  
"Hmph," hmphed Kelly. "I don't believe you."  
"Really I would."  
"Then ask me very nicely so I know you really mean it."  
Again, Alana was taken aback. She found herself in the position of either
  begging to see another woman's breasts or offending the woman. She chose begging.  
"Please may I see your breasts, Kelly? Pretty please?"  
Kelly smiled brightly. "Of course you can." And she grasped the hem of her
  t-shirt and pulled it up over her head, dropping it to the floor.  
Alana found herself confronted with two breasts, which, as she had guessed,
  were beautiful. They were firm and full and stood high on the chest, proudly.
  They were very white when compared with the darker tanned skin that surrounded
  them and they were each capped with a pretty pink nipple.  
"You can touch them if you like."  
Not wanting to further offend her new, young friend, Alana reached up and
  placed her palms against the soft, smooth orbs feeling another woman's breasts
  for the first time in her life. "I think they're beautiful."  
Kelly smiled and kissed Alana again. "Thank you."  
When Kelly returned home, she described the latest developments to Grace
  and then, mother and daughter plotted out the next moves. Kelly returned to
  Alana's house about an hour later with two glasses of lemonade. "I thought
  you might be thirsty," said the girl.  
Alana smiled and accepted the glass but when she moved toward the kitchen
  where they would be able to sit down, Kelly caught her elbow and held her in
  place. "Let's just sit here and chat. It will be like a picnic." And Kelly
  sat on the floor crossing her legs Indian style. Alana also sat but found it
  difficult to find a position that didn't expose her lewdly. Finally she gave
  up and copied Kelly's position. The two girls gabbed for a bit as they sipped
  their drinks and then Kelly scooted forward toward Alana. She reached out and
  touched Alana's pubic hair.  
"I just wanted to see if yours felt like mine. I've heard that there are
  all different types."  
"Oh," responded a surprised Alana. "I never heard that before." She felt
  torn. Part of her viewed Kelly as a teenager who should be corrected by an
  adult. But she had started to view Kelly as just a curious younger sister.
  So the other part of her said that she should give Kelly some leeway to explore.
  Kelly ended up declaring that she couldn't tell any difference. She gathered
  up the glasses and let Alana get back to work.  
It was almost an hour to the minute when Kelly walked into the room where
  Alana was working. Alana was on her hands and knees and was painting the baseboard
  when the younger woman walked in. "Do you set your alarm clock to tell you
  when to come back over here?"  
Kelly laughed and denied that any alarm clocks were involved. Although, inwardly
  she knew that she and her mother had laid out a detailed timeline for the enslavement
  of Alana. "Nope. I just get bored easily," replied Kelly. "I try to do other
  things but I get bored and come back here. I find you exciting."  
"Oh," replied Alana who did not think of herself as all that exciting. "Well,
  you're welcome here whenever you want."  
Kelly looked at the open can of paint and was tempted to dip her finger in
  it to draw "K's" on Alana's back. But she thought better of it. After all,
  this woman was scheduled to become her slave tomorrow. No sense in scaring
  her off.  
"When you get to a breaking point, can we talk?" asked Kelly.  
"Sure," responded Alana. "Let me finish this little stretch and I'm all yours." Kelly
  smiled hearing those words. Alana finished her little stretch, put the lid
  on the paint can, dipped her brush in the thinner and then sat down with Kelly. "What's
  up?"  
Kelly put on a show of being embarrassed, but it was all just an act. "I
  wanted to ask you something." She bit her lower lip, trying to act nervous. "You
  aren't a virgin or anything like that, are you?"  
Alana laughed. "No. Of course not." Then she stopped. "Oh. Are you?"  
"No, of course not," responded Kelly. "I just didn't want to shock you."  
"Well I'm not," said Alana as she sat cross-legged again with her sex openly
  displayed to her guess. "So what's up?"  
"Hmmm" started Kelly. "I'm not quite sure how to start." She paused for a
  moment. "Have you ever done anything kinky?"  
Alana blushed. "What do you mean by kinky?"  
"You know," said Kelly. "Strange. Strange sex."  
"Yes I know what you mean," replied Alana. "But I'm not sure I would call
  it strange. It was just different. Something to add spice."  
"Like being tied up?"  
"Yes. Like being tied up. It's not strange. It's just different. And exciting."  
Kelly furrowed her brow as if she were thinking. "Did being tied up excite
  you?"  
Alana laughed. "Best sex ever!"  
"Oh phewww! I thought I was losing my mind," said Kelly convincingly. "I
  thought it was strange."  
"No," smiled Alana as she leaned forward to kiss Kelly. "It's not strange."  
"Do you ever dream about being a slavegirl?" asked the younger female.  
Alana nodded. "I have."  
"I think the idea of slavery is so exciting," Kelly went on. "But I don't
  know why."  
"I don't understand it either," remarked Alana. "It's just a powerful fantasy,
  I guess."  
"I guess," commented Kelly. "Do you ever think about owning a slavegirl?"  
"Oh," said Alana. She had to stop and think. "No, I don't remember ever thinking
  about owning someone."  
"Well I do," said Kelly. "I think about being owned and I wonder what it
  might be like to own one."  
"Hmmm. Do you think about this a lot?"  
"A lot. And that's why I wanted to talk with you. I feel like I'm almost
  obsessing."  
Alana smiled and gave Kelly another kiss. She was really starting to view
  her neighbor more and more as a younger sister. "I doubt that you're obsessing.
  But it's a great fantasy. I sometimes imagine myself with a collar around my
  neck and my hands bound behind my back. Mmmm, nice fantasies."  
"Maybe you could be my slavegirl someday, then," remarked Kelly.  
Alana giggled. "Maybe."  
Two hours passed before Kelly's next visit. But in the interim, Grace stopped
  by. Alana wanted to ask permission to wear her red dress for a date on Friday. "Do
  you really think you have time for something so frivolous? You have a lot of
  work to do." Alana decided to cancel the date. Alana also wanted approval for
  the color she had selected for one of her bedrooms. Grace smiled and hugged
  Alana, telling her how well she had chosen. "I'm so proud of my girl."  
Kelly came back and tried to contain her excitement. This was a critical
  time in the relationship. She had to keep it light but she needed to set the
  stage for what was to come.  
"Remember what we talked about earlier?" she asked as, once again, they were
  seated across from one another on the floor. Kelly tried to focus but found
  her eyes wandering up and down taking in the sights of Alana's nudity.  
"We talked about a lot of things," replied Alana. "What part are you talking
  about?"  
"You being my slavegirl," responded Kelly. "I thought you'd remember that." And
  she stuck out her lower lip again to pout for effect.  
"Ohhh. I remember that part. How could I forget?"  
Kelly giggled. "I remember it too. And I bought you something. Close your
  eyes."  
Alana obediently closed her eyes for the girl and, within moments, felt a
  collar being locked around her neck.  
"How does it feel?" asked Kelly.  
Alana gulped, feeling the snugness of the collar. "It feels like a collar."  
Kelly laughed. "It is a collar, silly. It's my collar. And I had it engraved.
  It says 'Alana Montcliff. Property of Kelly Dodd.' Isn't that exciting?"  
"Oh," said Alana, wondering if things had gone too far. "Yes, that's every
  exciting."  
Kelly was the one to lean forward for a kiss this time. "I'm so happy that
  you like it. I promise to be a good mistress. And I know you'll be a wonderful
  slavegirl."  
"This is just for play, isn't it?" asked Alana.  
"Well, let's just see," replied Kelly as she reached down and ran her finger
  through Alana's labia. "Pretty wet down there. Maybe we should play this more
  often. I can see that you really like the slavegirl fantasy."  
Alana just about jumped out of her skin when Kelly boldly touched her sex.
  This was getting out of control. Kelly quickly jumped up and left, leaving
  her confused slavegirl looking down at her very wet sex.  
Grace was the next to come by. Alana was still sitting cross-legged, observing
  the glistening petals of her sex. "Cute collar," observed the older woman.  
"Kelly gave it to me."  
"I wondered where she went. She said she was going shopping earlier but never
  said what for."  
"I guess it was for this," remarked Alana, running her fingers lightly over
  the leather.  
"It's very nice. It suits you perfectly," observed Grace.  
"Grace, I'm worried that things are getting out of hand. What should I do?"  
"How do you mean?"  
"Grace, haven't you noticed that I'm naked all the time? And Kelly keeps
  getting more and more forward all the time. And now this!" Again she pointed
  to the collar.  
"It all seems like just harmless fun to me. What are you worrying about?"  
Alana shook her head. "I don't know. It just doesn't feel right."  
Grace sat down behind Alana and pulled the naked girl to her, wrapping her
  arms around Alana and holding her. She nuzzled her face into the long mane
  of blonde hair and tried to calm her neighbor. "I still don't understand what's
  wrong." Grace started moving the palm of one hand in light circles over Alana's
  belly. The other hand slid upward to cup a breast, cradling the firm, warm
  flesh and caressing it softly. "Tell me what's wrong, little one."  
"Oh Grace, I just don't know. I'm so confused. I don't want to hurt Kelly's
  feelings. That's the last thing in the world I want to do. Tell me what I should
  do."  
Grace gave Alana a squeeze. "I know you don't want to hurt her. She has to
  understand, though, that not everyone has slavegirl fantasies and that those
  just don't appeal to you."  
"No, it's not that," interrupted Alana. "I have slave dreams just like most
  girls. And some of those are really powerful and erotic. But I don't want us
  to get in over our heads."  
"I see. Does wearing this collar excite you?" asked Grace. To answer her
  own question, she slid her hand down to cup Alana's sex finding it steamy and
  very, very wet. "Oh yes. I see that you do seem to be finding it exciting."  
Alana whimpered. "I just don't know what to do."  
"What do you want to do?" asked Grace as her fingers gently stroked the slick
  petals of Alana's sex and the other hand toyed with a very stiff nipple.  
"I don't know Grace. What should I do?"  
The talented fingers continued to stroke and explore Alana's sex, adding
  to the confusing swirl of emotions rushing through her. "I honestly don't understand
  what you're worried about, sweetie," said Grace. "Kelly apparently dreams about
  having a slavegirl and you say that you dream of being a slave. And from the
  feel of things, you find that very exciting." To emphasize her point, she stabbed
  two fingers into Alana's swampy sex and pinched a nipple causing Alana to suck
  in her breath and shudder. "What am I missing?"  
"I d..d&hellip;don't knoooowwwww," wailed Alana. Grace continued to hold
  the girl, letting her fingers dance and tease until Alana was finally pushed
  over the edge. A shudder, a moan and then some soft whimpers were evidence
  that Grace had elicited an orgasm out of the girl.  
Grace planted a line of little kisses up Alana's neck and cheek. "You are
  such a precious thing. Such a beautiful slavegirl."  
 
"Am I really a slave?" asked Alana in almost a whisper.   
"Not yet, pet," replied Grace. "But you should be. You would be a most valued
  treasure."  
Reluctantly, Grace finally backed away from Alana and stood up. "I'll be
  back later," she said. "And you're coming over for dinner."  
"Yes Ma'am," was the quiet response.  
Grace wanted to spend some time with Kelly mapping out the final details
  of the capture. Everything was going according to plan but a slip-up at this
  point could produce a huge setback.  
Many decisions had to be made. Would Alana live in her new home or in theirs?
  Since Kelly was going to own Alana, maybe Kelly should move in with her slavegirl.
  Should they draw up papers for Alana to sign? Should they register her or just
  own her? Grace thought that registering would make it easier to sell the girl
  if they ever decided to do that, but she couldn't ever imagine parting with
  Alana.  
Should Alana be allowed to continue working? Should they start to modify
  her appearance and, if so, how fast and when? Grace had been thinking that
  shoulder-length platinum blonde hair would like striking on Alana and it would
  make her look like the ultimate sex-toy.  
How should they orchestrate tonight so that the girl would be ready to become
  a birthday present tomorrow? So many decisions. And then there was the issue
  of Alana's status. Grace had been assuming that Alana would be enslaved and
  would become the property of her daughter. But there was always the possibility
  of simply turning her into a submissive. There was also the possibility of
  just continuing to exert dominance over the neighbor. Grace enjoyed toying
  with Alana's mind. Maybe that would work out for awhile. She wasn't exactly
  sure of the implications of each of the options and would have to think them
  through.  
Princess Alana  
Chapter 4: Alana becomes a Princess 
That evening, it was Kelly who went next door to bring Alana to dinner. She
  wore a long skirt and a peasant shirt that showed much of her shoulders and
  upper chest and Alana thought she looked adorable. 
"I'm to bring you to dinner now," declared Kelly. "And we decided that this
  was to be your night off. You are going to be treated as a princess. My slave
  princess, of course, but we plan on doing all of the serving." 
"Oh," exclaimed Alana, unsure of what she just heard. The princess part sounded
  okay but she was still uneasy about all of the slave talk she had been hearing. 
"Okay," replied Alana rising from where she had been scraping loose paint
  off of a baseboard. "Just let me take a quick shower and I'll be right with
  you." 
"Nope," replied Kelly. "I have my orders and I'm to bring you right away.
  We'll bathe you there." 
"Oh my," said Alana. This was a new turn of events. She wasn't too sure that
  it was a good turn, though. Before she spent too much time thinking about it,
  though, she was surprised by two clicks. Kelly had slipped behind her, gathered
  Alana's wrists, and snapped a pair of handcuffs on the naked girl. 
"Hey!" protested Alana. "What's this all about?" 
"Slaves is slaves," grinned Kelly, stepping back in front of Alana. She reached
  out with both hands and tweaked Alana's nipples causing them to stiffen again. "And
  you is a wonderful slave." 
"Stop that!" commanded Alana as Kelly reached back for a second tweak. "This
  just isn't right!" 
Kelly reached around the older girl and gave Alana's bottom a slap, causing
  Alana's eyes to fly wide open. "Noisy slaves get punished. Do I need to gag
  you?" 
"No," grumbled Alana as she still felt her bottom stinging from the unexpected
  spanking. "I'll be quiet." 
"Good girl," smiled Kelly. "But don't be too good. I think I like spanking
  you." 
Alana rolled her eyes at that comment and was rewarded with another swat. "What
  was that for? I didn't say a word." 
"You were being impertinent, though." 
"Jeez," declared Alana. 
Kelly then produced a leash, which she snapped onto Alana's collar. The teenager
  then brushed a few stray hairs out of Alana's face and led her toward the door. 
"Whoa! Hold on a sec," protested Alana. "I can't go out there! I'm naked." This
  earned her another spank. "Yikes!" she yelped. 
"Come along," urged Kelly. "And if you want to get there without the whole
  neighborhood seeing you, you should be quiet. Of course, if you want an audience&hellip;" 
Alana clamped her lips shut and quietly followed her captor. Once outside,
  she kept glancing around to make sure nobody was watching. Thankfully, it was
  a short walk and she breathed a sigh of relief once she reached the relative
  safety of her neighbor's house. 
Grace was standing imperiously in the living room when Alana was led there.
  She was wearing a black leather vest that was held closed with two leather
  hasps. Below, she wore matching black leather pants that were held up with
  a silver chain belt. She looked like something out of someone's bondage dreams
  in the outfit and Alana got a better sense of the woman's figure than she had
  before. She had never realized quite how attractive her neighbor was. She had
  a wonderful figure and, since Alana could see the entire exposed midriff, she
  could tell that Grace was quite toned. She also noticed the ample cleavage
  trying to escape from the confines of the vest. 
"I present to you slave princess Alana," Kelly announced in dramatic tones. 
"Welcome to our castle, Princess Alana," said Grace as she lifted a nasty
  looking riding crop that had been dangling from her belt and started to stroke
  it with her fingers. "The Dark Castle." 
"Oh my," thought Alana. "This is sure going to be different. I guess I should
  just play along." 
"How were your travels?" asked Grace. 
"Embarassing," replied Alana, trying to play along with the scene. "Short
  but embarrassing." 
"That is good, little one," said Grace as she stepped before Alana and used
  the crop to lift one of the slave's breasts balancing it on the tip. "Slaves
  need to learn to enjoy humiliation." 
"Kneel before Queen Grace," proclaimed Kelly, pushing down on Alana's shoulders.
  Kelly then slid her hands down to grasp Alana's upper arms to make sure she
  didn't topple and hurt herself since the slavegirl still had her arms bound
  behind her. Alana found herself looking up at Grace with Kelly standing beside
  her, resting her hand on the top of Alana's head. 
"They're just living out what they think my fantasies are," thought Alana. "How
  cute! I guess they wouldn't know that I always pictured myself as a slave to
  males. But I can do this. They're so sweet!" 
"Your kingdom is lost. Your father was taken by the Moors. We claimed you," Grace
  paused for a moment. This next part would tell her how to proceed with Alana.
  It would either be trickery or force. "Do you, Alana Montcliff, submit? Do
  you accept your position as a slave of the Dodd clan?" 
"There was that 'slave' word again," thought Alana. It always sent a chill
  down her spine but it also always made her pussy clench. 
"Yes your Majesty," replied Alana, trying to stay with the tone of the scene. "I
  was captured. Princess Kelly has claimed me. I submit and I accept that I am
  a slave." She let out a little dramatic sigh. 
Grace was thrilled with this new development but did her best to retain a
  steely stare as she gazed down at the precious pet. She was hoping that there
  would be no need for force, and now it was clear that force would not be necessary. 
Grace used the tip of the crop to circle each nipple, watching them stiffen
  invitingly. Then she quickly flicked the crop up and down in a fanning motion,
  catching the tender little buds with the stiff leather and causing Alana to
  gasp. 
"Then you are welcomed to the Dodd clan. Princess Kelly, bring us the parchment." 
Kelly disappeared and then reappeared carrying a scroll. She laid the scroll
  in front of Alana and then took her place beside the slave as before. 
"Mom was right!" thought Kelly. "This is working perfectly.!" 
Alana read the text. Inwardly, she admired the mother and daughter for going
  to such great lengths for this. The scroll was very elaborately written. Almost
  in calligraphy. But it wasn't calligraphy. It was more authentic to the theme
  than that. But it was beautifully and artistically done. 
Despite being artistic and beautiful and consistent with the theme, the words
  were still pretty daunting for Alana. She read through the first section and
  when Kelly, or Princess Kelly, started to move the scroll to a new section,
  Alana shook her head. She had to reread what was in front of her. 
"In consideration for lessons to be learned and pleasures to be enjoyed,
  I, Alana Montcliff, being of sound mind and under no outside influence or coercion,
  do hereby grant title of my body, mind and soul to Kelly Dodd. 
There was flowery language before it and a lot of herewiths and hereafters
  after it. But it was that paragraph that she kept coming back to. 
Finally, she nodded her head and let Kelly continue to roll the scroll. The
  rest appeared to be very light and playful, which set Alana at ease. She decided
  that it was really just a make-believe night. 
"Slave princess," Grace finally spoke. "Do you wish to sign or do you wish
  to become acquainted with the dungeons?" 
"Oh my gosh!" thought Alana. "Is this a leading question?" She had both fantasies.
  Sometimes, she imagined herself as a slave. Sometimes, she was a prisoner in
  a dungeon. She took a deep breath and decided that one fantasy would be enough
  for one night. 
"I will sign, your Majesty," said Alana before letting out a long, overly
  dramatic sigh. "But please try to negotiate with the Moors for the freedom
  of my father, the King." 
Grace was thoroughly enjoying this. Seeing her daughter control the slave
  was one of the highlights of her life. And hearing the beautiful blonde agree
  to sign her papers of slavery even topped that. 
"Princess Kelly," said Grace as she stepped back and sat in an armchair that
  had been positioned to act as a throne. "Allow the girl the freedom that she
  needs to indicate her decision." 
Kelly knelt behind Alana and unlocked her cuffs. Then she stood up and crossed
  the floor to stand beside her mother sitting on the "throne." 
Alana dug deep into her past, trying to think about what her drama teacher
  would coach her to do. "Your Majesty," she started. "I do this for my father,
  the King. My body and mind and soul belong to you totally and forever. But
  please have him rescued from his imprisonment." With that, she picked up the
  pen and leaned down to sign her name on the scroll. 
"Slave Alana," stated Grace in her role as Queen. "Arise." 
Kelly helped Alana to her feet and then, once again, stood beside her. 
"Two princesses side by side," said Grace. "And yet one is a slave." She
  walked up to Alana and stood with her nose almost touching the slavegirl's. "How
  do you think we should tell them apart?" 
Alana gulped. This was feeling very realistic. Thinking back to some of the
  erotic novels she had read, she cast her eyes down. "Your Majesty can tell
  them apart easily. The slave princess wears the collar of your daughter." 
Grace used the crop again. This time, it was placed under Alana's chin to
  tilt her head upward so that Grace could look into her eyes. "You are such
  a pretty princess. Such a beautiful gift." Grace hooked the crop to her belt
  again and then walked out of the room. This left Alana alone with Kelly. 
"Are you enjoying this?" asked Alana. 
"Hush, girl," replied Kelly in an emphasized voice. But then she leaned over
  and whispered into Alana's ear. "I am. And I hope you are too." 
Alana laughed slightly and then smiled at Kelly in a knowing way. "It's certainly
  different." 
"You are impossible!" declared Kelly. "Here we go through a lot of effort
  to make you a slavegirl and all you can say is 'it's different'?" 
Alana was shocked at the response and, for the first time, realized how much
  the mother and daughter must love her. They had gone to great lengths to create
  a fantasy world that they thought fit with Alana's. Alana thought that she
  had been playing along with the game, but realized that her performance had
  not been convincing enough. She resolved to play along and be the perfect slavegirl.
  She took a deep breath and tried to imagine herself as a real slave princess. 
Alana was led upstairs to the master bathroom where Grace had drawn a bath
  for her. Alana loved the opulence of the room and made a mental note to use
  some of the ideas in her own home when she got around to that part of the remodeling.
  The bathroom was spacious with a large tub, partially sunken into the floor,
  acting as the centerpiece of the room. 
Before bringing her upstairs, Kelly had refastened the cuffs on Alana so
  she now had her wrists pinned together behind her back and had to be helped
  into the tub. A clothed woman on either side of her held an arm and gently
  eased the slave into the water, helping her to sit down in the warm water. "It's
  not all that bad being a slave," thought Alana as she luxuriated in the scented
  bath. 
Grace poured water over her head and then started to rub shampoo into the
  girl's mane. Alana closed her eyes and just enjoyed the pampering she was receiving.
  Grace was very thorough with the cleansing and took the opportunity to gently
  massage Alana's scalp, soothing and relaxing the girl. Eventually, the soap
  was rinsed out and Alana opened her eyes. 
To her surprise, she saw a naked Kelly stepping into the tub. Again, Alana
  was surprised by the behavior of the mother and daughter but again, she was
  taken by the beauty of the teenage girl. She realized that she just didn't
  seem to notice others all that much. But now, she was able to see Kelly in
  all of her naked glory. The girl was a treasure. Long auburn hair framed the
  pixie-like face. Slender arms led to delicate fingers. Despite the girl's belief
  that her breasts were not large enough, Alana thought that they were quite
  ample, especially given her slender frame. Boyish hips and shapely legs finished
  off what she saw before Kelly slipped into the water. At the juncture of those
  shapely legs had been a trimmed patch of reddish brown hair that matched the
  color on top of her head. 
"Two princesses getting clean," smiled Grace. 
"I thought that I could bathe too, your Majesty," said Kelly. "And it will
  let me get to know my new property better." 
New property. That was something that Alana was still trying to get used
  to. "These two sure can get into their roles," thought Alana. "I'll keep trying
  harder so I don't disappoint them again." 
"Thank you for joining me in the bath, Princess Kelly," said Alana. "I am
  your property to do with as you please." 
Kelly leaned forward and kissed Alana as she reached out and held Alana's
  breasts in her palm. "Yes, you are, pretty pet. You belong to me and I can
  do as I please." 
Alana closed her eyes, enjoying the kiss and did not even protest as Kelly's
  hands claimed her breasts, although she was a bit surprised that Grace didn't
  intervene and tell her daughter to behave. Grace, in the meantime, was just
  sitting back and enjoying the progress that they were making in their capture
  of the beautiful neighbor. Things couldn't be working out any better. 
"Let me soap you," said Kelly. "And then you can soap me up." She picked
  up a wash cloth and then soaped it up before starting to run it over Alana's
  skin. Each arm was tenderly scrubbed, Alana's back was soaped, and then Kelly
  lifted one leg at a time to clean them. The washcloth was eventually discarded,
  however, when it came time to wash Alana's front. Kelly used her bare, soapy
  hands to glide over each breast, squeezing them, and letting them slide under
  her touch. The fingers danced soapily over Alana's bare belly causing the slave
  to quiver. 
"Your majesty, can you help me raise the slave to the edge of the tub?" Kelly
  asked. Grace leaned forward and steadied Alana, holding onto both arms as Kelly
  reached between Alana's legs and cupped her sex, using it as a grip to lift
  her property and causing Alana to gasp. She resisted the urge to protest, however,
  so that she did not interrupt the mood of the scene. 
Kelly's hands were soaped up again and she started to scrub Alana's sex,
  letting her fingers linger as they swept over the petals. Grace was still holding
  Alana's arms, so it would have been impossible for Alana to struggle away from
  the imp who was taking liberties with her body. But she had to admit that it
  all seemed very erotic. 
Kelly picked up a razor and, after soaping up the downy fur protecting Alana's
  sex, poised it over the little patch of hair. This is when Alana decided that
  a protest was in order. But she paused so that she could do it in character. 
"Oh please, Princess Kelly," she appealed. "Anything but that. Please don't
  take away my sign of womanhood. I will look like a little girl." 
"Nonsense," responded Kelly who raised herself up on her knees and kissed
  each of Alana's very stiff nipples. "Nobody could mistake this body for that
  of a little girl. Besides, I keep all of my properties smooth down here. I
  like the sleek and sexy look that it provides." 
Alana decided that she needed to step out of character for a moment to prevent
  the denuding of her sex. "Kelly, I mean it. This is going too far." 
Kelly laughed and, with her four fingers pressed together, spanked Alana's
  sex. She only slapped it lightly, but the wetness of the flesh made the slap
  loud startling both girls and causing Alana to yelp. "Are you going to behave?" 
"No, I'm not going to behave. You are not going to shave me and make me look
  ridiculous!" 
"Your Majesty, please hold her tightly. I wouldn't want to cut her." 
"Of course, Princess," replied Grace as she tightened her grip on Alana's
  arms. Alana watched in horror as the razor was swiped through her little bush
  leaving nothing but stubble. After most of the hair had been removed, Kelly
  went over the skin again, eliminating even the stubble until Alana's sex was
  completely bald and smooth. 
Both women worked together to turn Alana over with her legs spread wide.
  Alana tried to close them but, with Kelly kneeling between her legs, she found
  it useless. Kelly soaped up her hands again and started working on the beautiful
  rounded cheeks of Alana's bottom, squeezing them, parting them, pushing them
  together and occasionally spanking them. Each spank earned a squeal from the
  bound girl and soon both cheeks were glowing pinkly. 
Kelly was not finished with the razor. Again, she picked it up and, with
  the fingers of one hand holding the bottom cheeks apart, she scraped the razor
  across Alana's flesh removing any stray hairs it encountered. Finally, Alana
  had no visible hairs anywhere below her neck. 
Kelly set the razor aside and soaped up her hands again. Despite being cleaned
  already, Alana's bottom found itself the target of the cleansing hands again.
  This time, however, the fingers moved into the valley between the two cheeks
  and slid insistently up and down that valley. 
Each time a finger grazed over her little pucker, Alana sucked in her breath.
  She had always avoided anal sex and had always discouraged anyone from even
  try to touch her back there. Now, this schoolgirl was helping herself to that
  forbidden spot and Alana had to admit that she was becoming very aroused by
  this attention to her bottom. 
"Yikes!" exclaimed the slavegirl as she felt one of the fingers stop its
  journey and linger over the little puckered hole. She felt it pressing against
  the tight little ring and tried to ease herself over the edge of the tub to
  escape the pending violation. But Grace had a strong grip on the girl and she
  was not able to even budge an inch. The pressure from Kelly's finger kept increasing
  and it was not long before the finger slipped inside of Alana eliciting another "Yikes!" from
  the girl. After gaining entry, it became easy work to slide the rest of the
  finger in and, quickly, Alana felt the finger sliding in and out of her bottom.
  Alana groaned as she felt her bottom filled with the finger but also found
  herself pushing back against Kelly's hand to impale herself deeper. 
Kelly's other hand reached between Alana's legs and found the recently denuded
  sex. Fingers danced over the flesh before starting to concentrate on the petals.
  The petals were opened and Kelly felt the slick lubrication being produced
  by her captive, knowing that this meant that Alana was highly aroused by all
  of this. With one finger rapidly pumping in and out of her slave's bottom,
  she curled two fingers together and slipped them into Alana's sex. 
Grace was not to be left out of the action. She released the slavegirl's
  arms and knelt beside Alana. She saw the full breasts swaying back and forth
  as they dangled beneath her chest and reached out, claiming a breast in each
  hand. Alana's head was spinning as her moral sensibilities were challenged
  so extremely while, at the same time, her body was responding marvelously to
  the attentions of the mother and daughter. She had never felt so alive in her
  entire life and she was enjoying sensations that she never imagined existed. 
Kelly kept her fingers moving but added a new twist. She would lean down
  and kiss an upturned bottom cheek and then she would do one of two things.
  Sometimes, she would run her tongue over the taut flesh sending additional
  waves of pleasure through the bound girl. Other times, she would use her teeth
  to capture a tender morsel of the flesh and bite down on it, eliciting a squeal
  or a yelp or a shriek. All of this added to the confused state of Alana's mind
  and the fingers and tongues and lips moved her closer and closer to a climax. 
Grace used her fingers to stroke the dangling breasts, wrapping her fingers
  and thumb around each one at the base and then squeezing as she drew her hands
  downward toward the nipple. This milking action was repeated time and again
  and at the end of each downward journey, the nipples were grasped and stretched
  downward, causing Alana to moan loudly as her breasts were drawn away from
  her body. 
Several times, the pair of captors stopped, leaving Alana breathless and
  panting. After a few more moments, they would start again and drive her closer
  to an orgasm. But each time, they stopped until Alana was begging them for
  release. Her entire body seemed to be on fire and aching to climax. 
"Oh please just let me cum," she begged at last. 
"Slavegirls receive their pleasure when their owners decide that the time
  is right," replied Kelly. 
"Oh Kelly, Kelly, Kelly!" pleaded Alana as one of Kelly's fingers speared
  into Alana's bottom over and over again. "Let me cum. Please. I will do anything." 
Grace's ears perked up at those words. She glanced at Kelly and nodded. Kelly
  followed up on the comment with some questions to her new property. 
"Anything?" asked Kelly. "What do you mean by anything?" Just then, she stopped
  all movement of her fingers but kept them embedded within the slave. 
"Oh gawwwwwwwwdddddddd!" groaned Alana. "Please don't stop!" 
Kelly pulled her finger out of the girl's bottom long enough to give her
  slave a hard slap. "I asked you a question, Alana. I expect an answer." 
Alana yelped again as she was spanked by the teenager and then gasped as
  the finger was reinserted into her rectum. 
"Anything. Anything. Just please let me cum. I'm going crazy." 
"What can a girl who has already signed away her life have to offer?" asked
  Kelly. 
"Oh god," said the hyper-aroused girl. "I would even do it for real at this
  point. I am your slave forever if you just let me cum." 
"Oh, my gosh," thought Grace. "This couldn't be turning out better. We already
  have the legal document to own her, but she doesn't know it and just thinks
  that it's a game. Now she's willing to do it for real in her mind. This will
  make things much easier." 
Grace leaned close and whispered into Alana's ear. "I accept your offer,
  sweet pet. Tomorrow, I will give you to Kelly as a birthday present. Tonight,
  you can have your beautiful orgasm." 
Then, Grace leaned back and nodded to Kelly. As Kelly started to move Alana
  back toward an orgasm, Grace renewed her attentions to the dangling, ripe breasts.
  It took only seconds to send the girl into orbit and she shrieked as the intensity
  of her climax wracked her body. Alana passed out and the two other women had
  to carry her to the bed after drying her body. Alana was tied, spread-eagle,
  across the bed in the master suite and did not awaken until morning. Kelly
  slept on one side of the comatose girl as Grace slept on the other side. Each
  laid on their sides cradling a naked breast in a hand. 
Chapter 5: Becoming a Slave 
Friday morning brought the reality of the situation home for Alana. She was
  totally immobile when she awakened with a pair of female lips pressed against
  each of her breasts. Both of her captors were sound asleep but Alana quickly
  remedied that by screaming and bouncing in the bed as much as her bindings
  would allow. 
"You raped me!" she shrieked. "I thought you were my friends and you raped
  me!" 
"Hush girl," said Grace in a soothing voice. "We did nothing of the sort.
  Did you have a bad dream?" 
"That was no dream, you bitch! You raped me!" 
"Oh my," replied Grace. "I will admit that there was sex involved, but I
  would hardly call it rape. After all, you were the only one to climax. Plus,
  we have your papers." 
"What papers?" Alana hissed. She was truly pissed off at this point. She
  didn't know what had gotten into her the evening before. Maybe they had drugged
  her. But she was irate now. They had bound her. They had marched her across
  the yard naked. They had shaved her sex. They had raped her. And they had even
  raped her virgin bottom. And then, they had the audacity to tie her to their
  bed and sleep with her! She was no lesbian! 
"My dear," said Grace as she squeezed one of Alana's breasts, "you belong
  to us now. You are mere property." 
"What are you talking about?" 
"You are our slave. And since today is Kelly's birthday, you will become
  my birthday present to her. It might be the nicest toy I have ever given her," smiled
  Grace. 
"Slavery is illegal!" insisted Alana. 
"Well, yes and no," replied Grace. She paused for a moment before continuing
  to let Alana settle down a bit. "Forced slavery is illegal. That violates a
  lot of laws. Voluntary slavery has been seen by the courts as simply the will
  of consenting adults. And, my dear, you consented. You belong to us." 
"You can't be serious!" Alana spit out. 
Grace picked up the scroll that lay beside the bed and unrolled it to the
  appropriate sections. She read the parts about owning body, mind and soul aloud
  to Alana. And then she rolled down to where Alana had signed her full name
  on the parchment. Setting the scroll aside, she reached for the remote control
  and turned on the television and VCR. There, Alana watched in horror as she
  heard herself. "Oh god I would even do it for real at this point. I am your
  slave forever if you just let me cum." The words from the tape kept ringing
  in her ears even after they were far past. 
"I think that the courts would consider this a binding contract," smiled
  Grace. "Now, little pet. We can do this the easy way or we can do it the hard
  way. I will enjoy it either way, but you might have a preference." 
Alana just collapsed backward onto the bed. If she hadn't been bound so spread
  out, she probably would have curled up into the fetal position and cried. As
  it was, she just stared at the ceiling. Kelly laid on her side and propped
  her head up on her hand, using her other hand to stroke and caress the bound
  slavegirl. Grace did the same thing and Alana felt fingers teasing and probing
  and tweaking her breasts, belly and sex. 
"How could you, Grace?" asked Alana. "I thought we were friends. I thought
  you liked me." 
"We are friends, love," replied Grace. "And I do like you. Both of us love
  you. That's why we want to own you.' 
"But it's not fair," groaned Alana. "It's not fair to me to steal my life
  away from me like that." 
"Oh, don't work yourself into a fret, little one," said Grace leaning over
  to kiss Alana's cheek. "We aren't stealing your life. We're enhancing it. Giving
  it more excitement and stimulation. You were designed to be a slave." To emphasize
  her point, she wrapped her fingers around the base of the breast nearest her
  and squeezed it. At the same time, Kelly insinuated her finger into Alana's
  sex, surprised to find her new property already wet. 
"What will become of me?" asked Alana, trying to concentrate and trying to
  ignore the thrills that were being sent through her body by the fingers of
  her captors. "What does all of this mean?" 
"As I said, sweet Alana," Grace responded, "there is an easy way and there
  is a hard way. What it all means is up to you. What will become of you is up
  to you. If you cooperate, then you will have more freedoms. If you don't, then
  you will have none." 
"If I cooperate, then what happens next?" 
"Now you are thinking clearly, pet," smiled Grace, giving Alana's breast
  another squeeze. "Look to the future. Don't fret about the past or what might
  have been. Well, several things happen next. First, we need to have a birthday
  party so you can rightfully be given to Kelly." Kelly wiggled her finger excitedly
  on hearing this, causing Alana to jump slightly within her bonds. 
"Then, we will register you. We might even be able to do that tomorrow," Grace
  went on. 
"Register me? Register me as what?" 
"As a slave, of course," replied Grace with a look of surprise on her face.
  It all seemed so obvious to her. "You will be registered with the association.
  Kelly will receive title documents for you. And then all of the legal i's will
  be dotted and t's crossed." 
"Oh my gosh, this is unbelievable," exclaimed Alana, shaking her head in
  disbelief. "You've done this before haven't you? You have owned other girls." 
"Of course I have, silly," replied Grace. "How else would I have known how
  to capture you? How else would I know about the association? Of course, it's
  been a few years since I last owned someone. And I have never owned anyone
  quite as beautiful as you. Of course, I still don't own anyone as beautiful
  as you since you belong to my daughter." 
"What happened to those girls?" 
Grace sighed and kissed Alana again. "Nothing horrible happened, if that's
  what you are worried about, pet. One met a man who she fell in love with. I
  released her. Another's mother became ill. So I released her. And I sold two
  others, but only when they asked to be sold." 
"Sold?!?!?!?! You could sell me?" screeched a shocked Alana. 
Grace laughed. "Of course I could sell you. Or, more correctly, Kelly could
  sell you. You are property now." 
Alana groaned and then Kelly wiggled her finger again causing Alana to suck
  in her breath. "But I can't imagine ever selling you. You are too precious
  to me," piped in Kelly. 
"Oh my God! Why did you sell those two?" 
"Relax, sweet pet," cooed Grace using her palm to rub over Alana's stiff
  nipple. "They were a totally different breed than you. They were volunteers
  and they were pain sluts. And they would every once in awhile ask their current
  owners to sell them. That was always negotiated into the purchase agreement.
  They were twins and insisted that they always go as a pair. So when they told
  me it was time for them to be sold, I took them to the next auction and put
  them on the block." 
"The other two were also volunteers," Grace went on. "But they were direct
  volunteers. I didn't have to buy them. They stayed while it made sense for
  both of us and then I released them when it didn't make sense." 
"Wow!" was all Alana could say. 
"So you see, I have only had four slaves. And all were volunteers. You are
  my first capture, although I do plan on at least one more capture. Not quite
  sure what I'll do with that one, though." 
"Oh. I had no idea that there were so many types of slaves." 
"You have no idea, little one," smiled Grace, leaning over again to nip at
  a stiff nipple with her teeth. "There are pain sluts," she said as she clamped
  her teeth together tightly sending jolts of pain through Alana's breast and
  causing her to shriek again. "There are toilet sluts. I can't picture you doing
  that. Can you imagine yourself with people peeing into your mouth?" 
"Eeeewwwwww!" exclaimed Alana. "That's gross!!!!" 
"I agree. It's not you." 
"There are ponygirls. Actually, I could picture you as one of those. We'll
  have to keep that in mind. And then there are pleasure slaves and work slaves.
  There are the entertainment slaves. Those are ones who simply perform for others.
  Sometimes, that can be interesting. I have seen entertainment slaves put in
  really interesting predicaments just for the entertainment of others. Slaves
  of just about every flavor imaginable." 
"And they become slaves in so many interesting ways. Some are just kidnapped.
  I would not consider you kidnapped, by the way. I like to think of you as seduced
  and tricked. And some are sold by loved ones. I once borrowed a girl who was
  sort of sold by her husband. Actually, he entered her into the pot during a
  poker match. He lost and she became a slave. I knew her new owner and borrowed
  her for a weekend." 
"Then there are the volunteers. They are the safest to deal with. But they
  just aren't very interesting. They are too eager. Too 'into the scene.' I prefer
  to introduce someone into the scene. That's where you come in, sweet pea." 
Once again, Alana's mind was turned inside out. It was unimaginable that
  her new friends would hold her prisoner. It was even more unbelievable that
  they intended to keep her as a prisoner and turn her into a slave and some
  kind of sex toy. At the same time, she found herself being totally aroused
  and, in a way, willing to do whatever they wanted. This was not how she intended
  to spend her week off. She had no plans to become a groveling and whimpering
  sex slave to two women. 
"Am I to be introduced into the scene?" 
"Oh my yes," said Grace. "You both will be introduced to it." 
"Both?" asked Alana. 
Grace laughed. "Well at least two of you will be. And, if I'm lucky, three
  of you will be. But at the very least, you and Kelly will be introduced to
  the scene. You have to remember that, while Kelly has witnessed a little bit,
  she has not been allowed to participate until today. At least, not fully. I
  guess she did participate in your capture. But that's the extent of it." 
"Who's the third?" asked Alana. 
"Meredith, of course," replied Grace. "Oh, I keep forgetting. You haven't
  met her yet. But she lives on the other side of your house from us. And she
  is just a little living doll. I've had my eyes on her for a couple of years.
  Now I think I might be able to capture her. But that can wait. First things
  first. We need to get you tamed." 
Alana gulped. "Tamed?" 
"Yes, tamed. Tamed and trained. You seem a bit headstrong and I don't want
  you giving my daughter any troubles. We'll see how the rest of the day goes.
  Maybe I will have you call in to your office and ask for another week off so
  that we can send you to a class. We'll just have to see how it works out." 
Alana scoffed. She had impeccable manners and there was no way that she needed
  to be sent to some kind of fork and spoon school. This woman has totally lost
  her mind! 
As Alana and Grace talked, Kelly slipped out of bed and started to gather
  some of the things that she knew she would need for the first day of ownership.
  She laid out the leather cuffs and the waist chain. She put an assortment of
  gags into her little tote so that they would be handy when she needed them.
  She shook her head as she slipped the stun gun into her bag and remembered
  how she had told her mother that she wanted nothing to do with things like
  that when it came to Alana. She wanted a loving slavery. But Grace had insisted,
  so Kelly dropped the horrid thing into the bag. Clamps and blindfolds and even
  some shackles for the slave's feet were included until the little tote felt
  as heavy as Alana's slavery. 
Kelly returned to take over from her mother. Grace reluctantly slid out of
  the bed, releasing the beautiful breast that she had been claiming for the
  past hour. "I sure hope that Kelly realizes what a sacrifice I am making by
  giving Alana to her," she thought. "This girl is my perfect slave." 
Kelly dropped all of the gear that she had been gathering and slid into bed
  beside Alana. "Are you as excited as I am?" she asked. 
"I don't think so," replied Alana. "How am I supposed to be excited by being
  kidnapped and raped?" 
"Oh jeez," said Kelly. "You weren't kidnapped. Do you think that I kidnapped
  you when I walked you over to the house?" 
"Well, no," responded Alana. 
"So when were you kidnapped?" 
"Well it wasn't exactly kidnapping. But it wasn't nice. It might be illegal,
  you know." 
"It might be thrilling too," giggled Kelly. "And I still can't believe that
  you are all mine." 
As if she were taking a test drive of a new car, Kelly knelt between Alana's
  outstretched thighs and leaned forward letting the palms of her hands glide
  up the slavegirl's belly and chest, over the breasts until she reached the
  top of Alana's head. At that point, she was laying on top of her slave and
  she kissed Alana fully on the lips. "I do love you so much, pet." 
Alana felt a chill rush down her spine. She had heard Grace calling her pet
  but she did not remember Kelly using that term. This meant that there was no
  possibility of convincing Kelly to release her. Kelly seemed to really view
  her as property. 
Chapter 6: Adding to the Flock 
Alana was the main attraction of the small birthday party. Grace and Kelly
  celebrated alone with the new slavegirl acting as the centerpiece for the dinner.
  Grace did all of the cooking and serving, allowing Alana to worry as she laid
  on the dining room table with her arms and legs outstretched. 
Instead of eating with the mother at one end of the table and the daughter
  at the other end, they each sat on a side, facing one another. This also provided
  the advantage of being able to reach most of the interesting parts of the centerpiece.
  When the dinner was over, Grace asked Kelly if she was ready for her birthday
  cake. The young girl squealed and clapped her hands together. Grace then took
  a slender birthday candle and held it to the side over Alana's left breast. 
"You get two candles this year, Kelly." The wax started to drip onto Alana's
  tender flesh causing her to wince and jerk in her bindings. "One is for becoming
  an adult." 
When enough of the wax had dripped onto the firm breast, Grace turned the
  candle and stuck the end into the molten wax, holding it for a moment until
  the wax hardened enough to hold up the candle. Then she repeated her actions
  with a second candle held above the other breast. 
"The second one is in celebration of your first slave. How does it feel to
  be an adult and a slave owner?" 
"Oh gosh Mom," replied Kelly. Today has been wonderful. And I can't think
  of a better present than Alana. But it's all happening so fast that I don't
  know what to think." 
The next morning, Alana was allowed to return to her home, but this time
  as a platinum blonde. As part of Kelly's present, the two women cut Alana's
  hair to just above the shoulders, despite Alana's protests and struggling.
  Then, they bleached the blonde locks until they were a bright platinum blonde
  color. After blowing and shaping the mane, they finally allowed Alana to view
  herself in the mirror. She was amazed at her transformation and hardly recognized
  herself. What she saw in the mirror was a strikingly beautiful and highly erotic
  slave. 
When she returned to her home, she was never left alone. Kelly and Grace
  took turns minding their new captive and changing her bindings to suit whatever
  the chore was that Alana wanted to pursue. For the most part, simple shackles
  around her ankles did the trick. These allowed her the use of her hands for
  scraping and sanding and painting but did not allow her to go very far. Escape
  was out of the question. 
The phone rang midmorning and Kelly answered it. Then she presented the phone
  to Alana. "It's Meredith. She wants to know if you can come over for dinner
  tonight." 
Alana took the phone and talked to her other neighbor. "That's very kind
  of you." 
"Yes, tonight would work fine." 
"All right, I'll see you at 6. Can I bring anything?" 
"See you at 6 then." 
In mid-afternoon, Kelly had Alana stop for the day and instructed her new
  charge to call work and request a second week off. Reluctantly, Alana did as
  she was told and was rewarded with a second week of vacation. If her firm needed
  her for a special project or meeting, she agreed to come in for one of those
  days, but other than that, she was free. "Well, freedom isn't really the right
  word," she thought. 
Kelly bound Alana's wrists behind her and then bathed her slavegirl. Throughout
  the cleansing, Kelly took ample time to explore her new property's body. After
  the bath, Alana stood in the center of her bedroom as Kelly oiled her body,
  rubbing it until Alana shined in the afternoon sun. 
"Oooo you look wonderful like this. You look like a goddess," admired Kelly.
  Once her slavegirl was glistening, Kelly took advantage of the oil on her fingers
  to play with Alana's sex, rubbing up and down, toying with the little clit
  that was peeking out of its hiding place so invitingly, and slipping fingers
  into the standing slave. Alana tried to back away but was immediately corrected
  with a slap on the bottom. 
Kelly pushed three fingers into Alana, causing the girl to moan. A fourth
  finger slid in alongside the first three and Kelly kept moving her fingers
  in and out of the swampy sex. A tongue flickered over the clit, eliciting little
  quivers over Alana's belly and more moans from her lips. 
"I'll bet I could get my whole hand in there," observed Kelly. 
"Oh god no," protested Alana. But the intense feelings swirling in her body
  were betraying her again and she spread her legs a little wider to accommodate
  the fist. Kelly pushed exploringly getting a little deeper with each thrust
  but Alana climaxed before she could finish the experiment. "Next time, no tongue," thought
  Kelly. "This girl just climaxes too fast." 
Kelly selected an outfit for Alana's date. A blue sundress was laid on the
  bed with the theory that blue would hide the fact that Alana would be wearing
  nothing beneath it. Kelly knew, however, that it wouldn't really hide that
  fact. But it should prevent anyone from clearly seeing the nipples or the newly
  shaved sex. 
"I'm trusting you to return tonight," Kelly said to Alana as they stood inside
  the door. 
"Where else would I go?" asked Alana. "This is my home." 
"Yes. But just remember that you belong to me. Don't try to get cute or it
  could get you in trouble. We have your signature on the contract and we have
  the tape." The threat sounded a little lame coming from the lips of a teenager.
  But Alana understood what was meant. 
Alana sighed and nodded before opening the door and leaving for her date
  with the other neighbors. "At least I can't be captured. I can only have one
  owner, can't I?" she thought. 
Ted and Meredith were gracious hosts. And Ted was much better behaved when
  his wife was there to prevent any of his sexual innuendos. Meredith was a beautiful
  woman, slightly older than Alana, with flowing, wavy red locks. Her green eyes
  sparkled as she talked and Alana found her positively captivating. Alana understood
  why Grace wanted to capture and enslave this woman, but she seemed so demure
  that it wasn't clear how Grace intended to do this. 
Meredith's shyness gradually wore away and, by the end of the meal, the two
  women were gabbing incessantly. They left Ted to fend for himself with the
  television remote control as they disappeared into the kitchen to laugh and
  giggle. Within the space of an evening, they seemed to be best friends. 
The evening ended with an invitation for the couple to come over the next
  morning to see the progress being made on the house. Ted had to decline the
  offer since he was to be away all day at a golf tournament. Meredith eagerly
  accepted the invitation, however. 
Alana found Kelly waiting for her after she got back to the house. After
  being briefed by Alana, the teenager called her mother and the two laid plans
  for Saturday. After Kelly hung up the phone, she told Alana about the plans
  as she gathered her pet's hands behind her back and bound them again. 
"Mom and I are going to leave you alone tomorrow morning. We'll leave you
  unbound," she said, "but we expect you to be naked. You can tell Meredith whatever
  you wish about why you are naked, but Mom thinks that the truth would work
  best." 
"Oh Kelly, how can I?" complained Alana. "I've only just met her." 
"Well, you hadn't even met Mom but you were prancing around for her pretty
  good last week." 
Alana groaned. "What do I do then?" 
"Well, we'll have to see how she reacts. She might go screaming back to her
  house when she sees you naked. But Mom think she'll probably stay. So then
  you give her a tour, chat with her, serve her coffee, or even lunch. Try to
  keep her here as long as you can, the young owner explained. "We'll be watching
  to see if she leaves." 
"If she doesn't stay very long, we'll have to come up with another plan.
  If she does stay for awhile, then we'll just happen to come by. And we'll take
  it from there." 
"Are you going to tell her I'm your slave?" 
"Not sure," replied Kelly. "We'll have to play that by ear. But now it's
  time for bed. Let's go. I've been dying to test out that tongue of yours." 
Alana had started to move toward the stairs but stopped dead in her tracks
  when she heard that last sentence. "You have to be kidding! I can't do that!" 
"Oh, you can, sweet thing," smiled Kelly. "You can and you will." 
"But I've never&hellip;" The words were cut off abruptly by a hard smack
  to a naked bottom that sent Alana scampering up the stairs, followed closely
  by Kelly who kept trying to get another swat in. 
Kelly would have preferred Alana lying on the bed with her but didn't think
  that would work with the girl's hands tied behind her back. And she did not
  want to release the slave for fear that she would struggle or resist. After
  all, Alana was bigger than Kelly and was in great shape. 
So, Kelly decided that Alana's first taste of another woman would occur with
  the slave kneeling. That was actually quite appropriate, thought Kelly. Slaves
  should spend a lot of time kneeling before their owners. 
Kelly quickly disrobed but decided that, in the future, she should have Alana
  dress and undress her. But she would need her hands for that, so Kelly did
  it herself. Kelly then placed Alana's collar around her neck and then attached
  the leash to it to draw Alana forward as she perched on the edge of the bed.
  Tugging down on the leash urged Alana to a kneeling position between Kelly's
  legs. Kelly then leaned back, propping herself up on her elbows so she could
  watch, and instructed her property. 
"I think I would like you to call me Mistress from now on. I'm not old enough
  to be a Ma'am. And Miss doesn't sound quite right. But maybe when we are in
  public I'll have you call me Miss Kelly. For now, though, I think Mistress
  would be good. What do you think?" 
Alana felt a surge of anger but was able to control her temper as she looked
  over the naked expanse of Kelly's body. "Yes Mistress," she replied. "I think
  that would be fine." 
Kelly smiled brightly and then tugged on the leash drawing Alana's face closer
  to her crotch. "Time to get started. You know what to do." 
"But that's the problem, Kel&hellip; I mean Mistress. I don't know what to
  do. I've never done this before. 
"Oh," replied a surprised Kelly. "Well that's no problem. You know what you
  like. Just do that to me. And if I don't like it, I'll correct you." She reached
  for the riding crop that was lying on the bed and swished it through the air. "I'm
  sure you'll pick up on it quickly enough. You're a very smart princess." 
Again, the leash was tugged and Alana found her lips pressed against the
  already slick petals of Kelly's sex. Cautiously, she poked her tongue out and
  tasted, for the first time, the dewy sweetness of another woman. And she found
  that it was not nearly as bad as she had feared. In fact, it tasted okay. She
  had tasted herself before as she licked her fingers after masturbating and
  that had been fine. Kelly tasted very similar. 
After the initial taste, and knowing that it was inevitable, Alana's tongue
  grew bolder. She parted the petals easily and then scooped up between them
  with a curled tongue. "I can do this," she thought. 
Alana developed a method in her mind of the perfect oral sex based on a composite
  of techniques used by the best lovers of her past. She would flicker her tongue
  over the erect clit for a few moments and then stab her tongue deeply into
  Kelly's sex. When she returned to the clit, she sucked it into her mouth using
  suction to let it pulse in and out of her lips. This drew some praise from
  her owner. 
"Oooo! Like that!" squealed Kelly. "I'll have to remember that trick!" 
Alana finally released the little nubbin and used her teeth to capture and
  nibble the fleshy petals, moving her teeth up and down the length of each.
  Then, she returned to scooping her tongue up through the moist valley. 
Kelly was squirming on the bed at this point. Her arms were outstretched
  and her hands clutched the bedcovers. She was moaning loudly as Alana captured
  the clit with her lips again. This time, when she sucked the little bud into
  her mouth, her teeth captured it lightly and she let her tongue flutter over
  the tip. It took only seconds to elicit a groan from Kelly as her entire body
  tensed in a powerful orgasm. 
"That was awesome!" proclaimed Kelly after her body stopped shaking. "Let's
  do it again." 
Alana rolled her eyes at the command but nodded obediently. "Yes Mistress," she
  said as she dipped her head again to use her lips and tongue to provide her
  owner with another orgasm. 
Thankfully, the second orgasm satiated Kelly who quickly drifted off to sleep,
  naked on top of the bed with her arms spread wide and her legs dangling off
  the side of the bed. This left Alana with a couple of problems. First, her
  face was coated with Kelly's juices and she desperately wanted to wash her
  face and brush her teeth, but her hands were tied behind her back. Her bound
  hands contributed to her second problem. She was tired and wanted to go to
  bed but Kelly was spread over the top of it and Alana was in no position to
  move her. 
The naked slavegirl was able to partially solve the first problem. She was
  able to turn on the faucet by turning her back to the sink and using her bound
  hands. She couldn't brush her teeth but she was able to squeeze a little toothpaste
  out of the tube, which she then scooped up with her tongue when she turned
  around to face the sink again. She ducked her head down and sucked in some
  of the flowing water to swish it around in her mouth with the toothpaste making
  a crude sort of mouthwash. Then she rinsed her face off in the water and dried
  it by rubbing it against one of the hanging towels. 
The second problem, however, seemed insurmountable so she just crawled onto
  the bed with he owner, wiggled into an open space, and then looked for a comfortable
  position. She found that there were no comfortable positions for girls with
  their hands bound behind their backs. But lying on her side was the least uncomfortable.
  That is how she fell asleep. 
She awoke once in the middle of the night to find Kelly quietly suckling
  on one of her nipples. She turned slightly to pull her nipple free but Kelly
  kept finding it. She finally left the nipple between Kelly's lips and drifted
  back to sleep. In the morning, she awoke to find Kelly's back pressed tightly
  against Alana's front in a spooning position. 
"I slept like a baby last night," declared Kelly as she stretched beside
  the bed. 
"Yes you did, Mistress," replied Alana remembering Kelly's late night suckling
  and the near-fetal position that she found her owner in in the morning. 
Chapter 6: Baiting the Trap 
Kelly had released Alana's arms before leaving her to shower and start her
  day. Alana still had trouble getting used to her new platinum look but found
  that she was becoming accustomed to her nudity. As she surveyed her body, she
  wondered if she would eventually become uncomfortable wearing clothes. The
  people in her firm might object to her showing up naked for work. And then
  again, they probably wouldn't. 
One thing was for sure, though. If she was going to be on display all the
  time, then she needed to make sure that she was able to exercise. Every little
  extra ounce would be visible. No billowy sweaters to cover the Winter fat were
  allowed for slavegirls, she reasoned. 
She decided that she would have to talk to Kelly about setting aside some
  time for exercise. Hopefully, she would at least be allowed to wear a sports
  bra for that. While she didn't consider her chest to be large, she knew that
  it was ample enough to cause discomfort if her breasts were allowed to bounce
  around with reckless abandon. 
The thoughts about exercise and her figure must have influenced her menu
  choices for breakfast. She sat at the table nibbling on a piece of toast and
  sipping her coffee as she reviewed the notes she had made for the renovation.
  She had already finished the trim in the living room and dining room. Today,
  she was going to roll out the walls. After that, she would at least be able
  to entertain guests. "Are slaves allowed to entertain guests?" she wondered. 
By mid-morning, she had finished the living room and had one wall completed
  in the dining room when she heard a knock at the front door. She took a deep
  breath, knowing that it must be Meredith, and moved toward the door wondering
  how all of this would turn out. 
"Oh, hi," Alana said as she opened the door to find Meredith on the porch. "I'm
  so glad you came over." 
Meredith's hand flew to her mouth. "Oh my. Maybe I should come back later." 
"Oh no. Come in," said Alana, stepping aside so her guest could enter. "Let
  me just put the lid on the paint can and I'll be right back with you." 
When Alana returned, she found Meredith still standing in the entryway with
  the door still wide open. Alana closed the door and then invited her guest
  into the kitchen. "Would you like some tea?" 
"Are you sure?" asked the stunned redhead. "You don't seem like you were
  expecting guests." 
Alana laughed and wrapped an arm around Meredith's waist, guiding her toward
  the kitchen. "Do you mean because I'm naked?" 
"Well," replied Meredith after a pause. "Yes, I mean because you're naked." 
"Well don't knock it until you've tried it," laughed Alana again as she led
  Meredith to a chair and then started to prepare the tea. "It wasn't my idea.
  But it's the best outfit for rolling out latex paint. You just roll and you
  don't care what gets splattered. And then you shower. Saves on ruined clothes." 
Meredith sat quietly at the table watching he naked neighbor reaching up
  for teacups and reaching down for teabags. It was all such a confusing experience
  for her. 
"It will take a minute or two for the water to boil. How do you like your
  tea?" asked Alana as she stepped forward to address her guest. 
"With breast," said Meredith in a daze. And then she caught herself. "I meant
  with cream." 
Alana's twinkling eyes caused both women to laugh. "I'm sorry," said Meredith
  as soon as the giggles died away. "I have just never been served tea by a naked
  girl." 
Alana smiled. "Me neither. But I'm told that it's nice." 
The hostess checked on the teapot but the water was still not boiling. Then
  she turned back to her neighbor. "I hope I'm not making you uncomfortable." 
"No," replied Meredith. "Not uncomfortable. Strange, but not uncomfortable." 
"Strange?" 
"A little," responded Meredith. "No. A lot. It just feels so unusual to be
  sitting here with all of my clothes on with a beautiful naked woman." 
Alana laughed. "Well there's no rule in this house that says you have to
  wear clothes. Take them off if you like." 
Meredith's hands flew up, as if protecting herself. "Oh no, I couldn't possibly." 
"Suit yourself," said Alana as the teapot started to whistle. "There are
  no rules that say you have to be naked either." 
Alana poured the tea and then sat at the table beside Meredith. "Earlier,
  you said that it wasn't your idea. Whose idea was it that you be naked?" 
Alana had wondered how she would answer this question. But the answer ended
  up flowing freely from her lips. "My owner rarely lets me wear clothes. And
  almost never in my own home." 
"Oh," said Meredith, lifting the teacup to her lips to buy time to be able
  to make a response that would not sound dumb. "Well I guess that sending Ted
  over to borrow a cup of sugar is out of the question, then." 
Alana broke out laughing and Meredith quickly joined suit. The two girls
  guffawed and giggled and snorted together until they finally settled down enough
  to be able to talk. 
"I guess that Ted doesn't like being sent on errands," Alana offered. This
  sent them into another hysteria of laughter. 
"You really are amazing," offered Meredith. "I can't imagine walking around
  naked like you do. But I love the fact that you can." 
"Well, you're welcome to view this is as your own private nudist colony any
  time you want." 
"I think I might like that," said Meredith. "And I hope you don't think me
  rude. But I have an eleven o'clock appointment that I have to get to. Would
  you mind if I came back later?" 
"Not at all." Alana showed her guest to the door and then returned to the
  kitchen in time to find Grace and Kelly coming in the back door. 
"Well?" asked Grace. 
"She had an appointment to keep," responded Alana. "She's coming back this
  afternoon." 
Grace patted Alana's cheek and gave her a "good girl" before leading Kelly
  back to their house. Alana went back to her painting. 
Two hours later, the doorbell rang again. Alana opened the door to find Meredith
  standing on the porch again. 
"How's the painting going?" 
"Can't you tell?" asked Alana running her hands down her body to show off
  all of the speckles. "I just finished the dining room." 
"Oh great," replied Meredith. "You're really doing wonders with this old
  place." 
Alana announced that she was going to take a shower and invited Meredith
  up to the bathroom to keep her company. Meredith decline but, when Alana stepped
  out of the shower, she found Meredith sitting on the closed toilet waiting
  for her." 
"You shave your sex," observed Meredith. 
"Sort of," replied Alana as she toweled herself off. 
"Sort of?" 
"Well, it's shaved for me," said Alana. She watched Meredith for a response
  but was met with only a furrowed brow of confusion. She decided not to go any
  further into her slavery just yet though. 
"So have you decided to go with the house unrules yet?" asked Alana as she
  hung up the towel. 
"What do you mean?" 
"I mean," said Alana, "there are no rules that say you have to be dressed." 
"Oh," said Meredith softly. And then she found her voice again. "Yes, you
  did say that. Why do you ask? Is there another wall to be painted?" 
Alana laughed. I have tons of walls to be painted. But I'm done for today.
  You wear what you want or don't want, but I'm not in the mood to put anything
  on." 
"Oh," replied Meredith again. This seemed to be her standard response today. "Well,
  if I join you, can this be just our little secret?" 
"It's my house. What happens in here is nobody's business." Alana felt a
  little twinge of guilt at that comment since she knew that the neighbors were
  planning on barging in at some point. 
"Okay then. Let's try out the dress code. When in Rome&hellip;" And with
  that, Meredith shed her clothes and then followed Alana back to the kitchen
  for another cup of tea. 
"You really are lovely," observed Alana as she ran her eyes over Meredith's
  form. "Turn for me?" 
Meredith blushed at the compliment but did a slow pirouette for her hostess. 
"Very nice," observed Alana. "This part of the neighborhood must be the Mammary
  Mile. Everyone I meet is so well endowed." 
Meredith laughed. "Well, you're certainly not suffering in that department.
  You have beautiful breasts." 
"They're no better than yours," responded Alana. "And yours are so perky.
  I love the way your nipples point at me." Indeed, the nipples did seem to be
  pointing like little fingers at Alana's face. 
"Earlier," Meredith said, but then paused not knowing if she should pry.
  But then, curiosity got the better of her. "Earlier you said something about
  your owner not letting you wear clothes." 
Alana nodded but remained silent. 
"I've been dying to ask about that. What did you mean?" 
"I'm a slave," replied Alana matter-of-factly. 
"Oh," said Meredith. I kind of thought that's what you meant. But I wasn't
  sure. Do you like it?" 
"It definitely takes some getting used to," said Alana, honestly. "And I'm
  still getting used to it." 
"How long have you been a slave?" 
Alana furrowed her brow to think. "Three days." 
"Wow!" exclaimed Meredith. "Is it exciting? I mean do you like being owned?" 
Alana laughed. "Ask me that in another couple of weeks. I should know better
  by then. It does have its advantages, though. I get a lot of pampering. I know
  I'm treasured. And the orgasms have been sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo intense!" 
"That last part sounds good to me," giggled Meredith. "Is your owner a good
  lover?" 
"Not especially," replied Alana. "She's pretty young and still learning.
  But great sex is mostly in your mind anyways. And my mind seems to be in overdrive
  when it comes to sex these days." 
"Wow!!!! You're owned by another woman? Wowowowowow!!!! Never tried that
  before!" 
"Neither had I," giggled Alana. "That took some getting used to. But it's
  actually kinda nice once you put your mind to it." 
"You're amazing," exclaimed Meredith as she leaned against the counter. "You're
  so adventurous. Ted would never let me do things like that." 
"Well maybe Ted would want you as his own slavegirl." 
Meredith blushed and cast her eyes down. "Yes," she said softly, "I'm sure
  he would." 
"Do you and Ted play any sex games?" asked a probing Alana. Meredith simply
  nodded. "Does he like to tie you up and treat you like a slave?" Again, a nod. 
"Oh honey," said Alana as she crossed to Meredith and hugged her. "There's
  nothing to be ashamed of. You are two consenting adults. Two married consenting
  adults. You can do whatever you want." 
Meredith was surprised at the sudden embrace but found that she liked the
  feel of warm flesh and soft breasts pressing against her. She wrapped her arms
  around Alana and returned the embrace. 
"How does it make you feel to be his slave?" asked Alana. 
"It's okay," replied Meredith. "The sex is good when we do that. But it's
  still play acting." 
Alana slid a hand down to Meredith's bottom and patted it, causing Meredith
  to press her body tighter against Alana's. It was at this moment that Grace
  and Kelly walked through the back door. 
Chapter 7: A Bonus Slavegirl  
"Hi, Princess," said Kelly.  
"Oh my gosh!" exclaimed Meredith, pulling away from Alana and using one arm
  to cradle and hide her breasts while using the other to cover her sex. "I'm
  so sorry Grace. I don't know what got into me."  
"Nonsense," replied Grace as she crossed the room and gave Meredith a kiss
  on the cheek. "What are you talking about?"  
"Naked," stammered Meredith. "I'm naked."  
Grace smiled and then stepped in front of Meredith, grasping a wrist and
  drawing the protecting arms away from the redhead's body. "Of course you are.
  Quite naked. And quite beautiful."  
"Oh god," groaned Meredith although she did not struggle against Grace's
  grip, a fact that did not go unnoticed by Grace. Meredith glanced at Alana
  looking for reassurance but only received a shrug in reply.  
"There must be something about this house," commented Grace. It always seems
  to get beautiful women to take off their clothes." This elicited a giggle from
  Kelly who was seated at the table, observing the interaction.  
"I should probably be going," muttered Meredith but she did not make any
  movement to depart.  
"Nonsense," replied Grace. "Don't let us interrupt. We should be leaving
  if anyone should be. Should we leave?"  
"No," replied Meredith softly. "You don't have to go."  
"Then we'll stay. I see that you are getting acquainted with our new pet," said
  Grace.  
Meredith's eyes flew wide open and she quickly turned her head in Alana's
  direction. "They're your owners?"  
Alana shrugged her shoulders again and nodded. "Well, actually, Kelly is
  my owner." Kelly smiled brightly.  
"Oh god," was all that Meredith could say. Grace took this opportunity to
  lower Meredith's arms, placing her hands at her sides. Meredith made no moves
  to cover herself and just kept them where Grace had put them.  
Kelly got up and walked over to Alana, placing the collar around her neck
  again. "It says Alana Montcliff. Property of Kelly Dodd."  
Meredith shook her head in disbelief. "We have one for you too," Grace told
  Meredith.  
"Oh I couldn't. I'm married."  
Grace smiled knowingly. "I was too, once. It never stopped me from owning
  girls. I don't see why it should stop you from being owned. The idea excites
  you, doesn't it?"  
Meredith blushed deeply at the question and averted her eyes downward. Grace
  tucked a finger under the blushing girl's chin and tilted the head upward to
  look her in the eyes. "Yes, I can see that it does," observed Grace. "It excites
  you a lot. You yearn to be my slave. You were born to be my slave."  
"I&hellip; I&hellip; I" stuttered a shocked Meredith.  
"Hush, little girl," soothed Grace as she leaned forward to lightly kiss
  Meredith. "You don't have to answer. I'll make all of your decisions for you."  
Meredith fell silent. "It can be our little secret," Grace went on. Or we
  can bring Ted in on it if you prefer."  
"How would we do that?" asked Meredith in a voice just barely above a whisper.
  This response told Grace that the girl was hooked. She hadn't rebelled. She
  had simply asked how things would work.  
"However it makes the most sense," replied Grace. She reached up and placed
  a palm over each of Meredith's full, ripe breasts and just rested them there
  as she continued. "He could be a slave or a Master. I don't know him well enough
  to know which is best."  
"Ted a slave?" asked Meredith.  
"Or a Master," nodded Grace. If he's slave material, then the two of you
  can be my owned couple. If he's master material, then I can share title of
  you with him. "Grace started moving her hand, letting her palms glide over
  the silken flesh of Meredith's breasts. Then, she lowered her hands and pulled
  a collar out of her pocked. She held it to the naked girl's neck and buckled
  it snugly. "It says Meredith Crandall. Property of Grace Dodd."  
"Oh god," said Meredith as she shuddered.  
Alana watched in awe as another woman who she had known for only a day had
  become enslaved right before her eyes. And there had been no resistance, no
  struggling, no protests. She had no idea that it was so easy to enslave someone.  
Alana also felt a little bit of guilt over the whole matter. She realized
  that she had been used as bait to trap her neighbor. She had been given her
  commands by her owner and had allowed herself to be used to lure Meredith.  
But Meredith did not seem to mind. She seemed to be off in some kind of dream
  world, so maybe this was something she really wanted. Maybe this was fulfilling
  one of her deep dark fantasies. Alana did think that the collar looked very
  erotic against Meredith's pale skin. Maybe she knew how sexy and desirable
  slavery made her look.  
Grace continued as she let her fingers glide along the lower edge of the
  collar, rubbing along the tender flesh, also. "That was easy, wasn't it?" she
  asked in a soothing voice. "No fuss. No big decisions to make. I make all of
  your decisions for you now. I have lifted all of your responsibilities and
  burdens from your shoulders."  
"You only have one decision left to make and then you will be totally free.
  Do we include Ted?"  
"Ted," whispered Meredith.  
"You don't have to decide this very instant, little one," said Grace as she
  attached a leash to the new collar. "Let's just relax for a bit. You can think
  about it."  
Grace led Meredith into Alana's family room since the living room walls were
  still wet and all of the furniture was covered. Kelly followed with a hand
  on Alana's bottom, propelling her forward. The two owners sat side by side
  on the couch. The two slaves knelt on the floor in front of them.  
"How does it feel to have a slave sister?" asked Kelly as she leaned forward
  to lift and hold Alana's breasts. The whole scene seemed surrealistic to Alana.
  She couldn't even begin to imagine what her new "slave sister" was thinking.  
"It feels good, Mistress," Alana replied. Hearing the woman call the teenager
  'Mistress' caught Meredith by surprise and she whipped her head around to stare
  at Alana with wide eyes. "I like Meredith a lot."  
The four women remained like this, chatting and getting to know one another
  better for close to an hour. Each woman on the couch demonstrated their ownership
  of the women on the floor by frequently fondling breasts, caressing shoulders
  and kissing. It seemed to have the effect of acclimating Meredith to her new
  status because, after a while, she stopped blushing and tensing.  
Grace talked in generalities about what would be expected of the girls. She
  had already decided that they would have to be part-time slaves. It would be
  too disruptive and costly to pluck them completely out of their current lives.
  And she thought it might be too unwieldy to have two slaves around the house
  all the time. She remembered how much work the twins had been. And even with
  the help of Kelly, she thought it would be too much to have two slaves all
  the time.  
Even Kelly was going to be a handful. She was brand new to being an owner
  of slaves. Grace would have to take some time in training her daughter in the
  care and feeding of girls like Alana and Meredith. So that added to her decision
  to make the girls part-time slaves.  
She talked about their training. When she discovered that Ted would be out
  of town for the next week, she announced that she would try to line up some
  lessons with a master she knew. This caused the two kneeling girls to glance
  furtively at one another.  
"And then there's the question of Ted," she concluded. "You will have to
  decide if you want him included, pet." At that point, she was rolling the hardened
  nipples of Meredith back and forth between her fingers.  
Meredith simply nodded.  
"Yes, Mistress would be an appropriate response," said Grace as she pinched
  the nipples hard, eliciting a yelp out of Meredith.  
"Yes Mistress," replied Meredith quickly, casting her eyes down submissively.  
Grace arranged to be invited to dinner the next evening so she could get
  to know Ted better. She wanted to find out for herself if he was dominant of
  submissive.  
On Sunday night, Grace walked back into her own house to find her daughter
  watching MTV and Alana kneeling between Kelly's legs with her face buried in
  her crotch.  
"Definitely submissive," announced Grace. "It's still up to Meredith, but
  if she decides that he joins us, then I'll have my first owned couple."  
Chapter 8: First Day of School  
On Monday afternoon, two naked girls were ushered into Grace's minivan. Kelly
  also came along for the ride to see how things were going to turn out. After
  about an hour in the car, Grace finally turned off the highway and onto a dirt
  road. After another ten minutes or so, she turned onto another dirt road and
  entered the "D bar S" ranch.  
Alana looked out of the window after the car had stopped and gasped at the
  sight. There were naked people everywhere, or so it seemed. In actuality, there
  were only five naked people. There was a naked girl running in circles around
  a corral as a clothed man snapped a whip behind her. Another naked girl was
  standing upright in the middle of the yard, straddling an upright pole, which
  very obviously disappeared inside of her. A naked man was lashed to a pole
  with his arms stretched high above his head. Weights were attached to a cord
  that was tied around his scrotum, pulling his balls downward. And a naked girl
  was bound in a set of stocks with another naked man behind her plunging his
  erect cock in and out of her as two clothed people whipped at the exposed flesh
  of the two slaves.  
It was like a scene out of Dante's Inferno. It was someone's vision of Hell.
  Alan couldn't believe that places like this really existed. And she especially
  couldn't believe that she had been brought here.  
Grace parked and stepped out of the car. Kelly hopped out also and the two
  were met by a tall man. Alana and Meredith huddled together inside the minivan
  with no intentions of ever setting foot outside of it.  
"Nice material you have there Grace," said the man as he ran his eyes up
  and down Kelly's body. "How do you want her trained?"  
"This is my daughter, Charles," replied an amused Grace after she heard Kelly
  gasp. "She's not here to be trained."  
"Pity," said Charles as he continued his tour around Kelly. "I'd take a personal
  hand in taming this one."  
"Maybe some other time," replied Grace.  
"Mom!" shouted Kelly, indignant that her mother would even imply that she
  could be brought back here for training.  
"Just kidding, dear," said Grace before turning back to Charles. "I have
  two in the van that I want you to teach."  
"Well, let's get a look at them," nodded Charles. "Then you and I can sit
  down and talk."  
They walked back to the car and Kelly opened the door, revealing two naked
  girls holding one another for reassurance and visibly shaking. "Come out, girls," instructed
  Grace.  
Reluctantly, the two slaves climbed out of the minivan and stood, still trembling. "This
  one is named Meredith," said Grace as she cupped Meredith's chin and tilted
  her face up slightly. "She's my newest catch."  
Then Grace did the same with Alana. "And this is Alana. She belongs to Kelly." This
  caused Charles to lift his eyebrows and glance at Kelly who just smiled back
  with an "I told you so" look.  
"Nice," observed Charles. "Very nice." He stepped in front of Meredith, prying
  open her mouth and running a finger over her teeth as if he were appraising
  a horse at auction. He squeezed each breast to check its firmness, pinched
  the flesh of her arms and then walked around her checking out all angles. Moving
  to Alana, he lifted each breast, one at a time, flicking the nipples until
  they got hard. Then he cupped her sex in one hand, feeling the moist heat from
  her arousal before taking a circular tour of her body.  
"Prime cuts," declared Charles. "Let's go talk business."  
Grace and Charles went into the house, leaving Kelly holding the leashes
  of the two slaves. "Let's go watch what's happening," the girl said as she
  led Alana and Meredith over to the action.  
"What did you have in mind?" asked Charles as the two dominants sat at the
  table.  
"Taming," replied Grace, "but no breaking. I want them obedient but still
  willful. I don't want them to come home mindless drones but I do want them
  accepting of their new status. If that makes any sense."  
"How new is new?"  
"Five days for Alana. Two for Meredith."  
Charles whistled at that news. "Wow! That's new for sure!"  
The pair of them went through Charles' standard checklist that would guide
  their training. Charles would read an item from the checklist and Grace would
  respond. No to permanent marks. Yes to denuding Meredith's sex. Yes to sex
  with men, both slaves and masters. Yes to sex with women, both slaves and mistresses.
  Yes to bestiality, but nothing larger than a dog.  
The girls could be bound but Grace felt that suspension should be ruled out.
  Manual labor was fine. Pony training was fine. Whipping was fine as long as
  there were no permanent marks.  
Hot wax was to be allowed as well as clamps and needles. Exhibition and humiliation
  were fine but no verbal abuse. All three holes in each girl were fair game.
  No water sports or scatology. "Maybe on the next visit."  
"We have a hunt on Wednesday," said Charles. "Will these girls be available
  as prey?" Charles explained that the hunt was not deadly. Naked girls were
  released and the "hunters" were sent out with paint guns. They got to keep
  whatever they shot for the night. Grace allowed the girls to be prey. Finally,
  the checklist was finished. "So how much will it cost?" asked Grace.  
Charles scratched his chin and leaned back in his chair to think. "I think
  we can strike a bargain that you will find quite modest in price."  
Grace smiled. "That's why I come to you, Charles."  
"Throw in Kelly and it's on the house."  
Chapter 9: The Freshman Class  
A tall woman dressed in black leather walked down a line of three naked girls.
  She was easily over six feet tall and the spiked heels of the boots that went
  up to mid-thigh made her even taller. She towered over her trembling charges.  
"You may call me Mistress," she said. She walked back and forth in front
  of the three naked women, stopping occasionally to pinch or squeeze. "Or you
  may call me whatever you wish, but that will be at your own risk."  
She looked like some kind of Norse goddess with her flowing pale blonde hair
  and the finely sculpted features of her face. Her body was both concealed and
  exposed. Above the boots, she wore a leather g-string with metal studs around
  the waist band. Her midriff was bare and, above that, she wore a black leather
  halter with matching metal studs. All in all, she looked stunning and ominous.  
"You are my new students," she explained. "And I love to teach!" She emphasized
  her point by slashing her riding crop down hard against one of her boots.  
The three girls all gasped in unison at the sound of the crop striking against
  the leather.  
"Two of you," she said as she used the crop to strike one of Alana's and
  Meredith's breasts, "are being trained as slaves."  
"One of you," she continued as she used the crop to strike each of Kelly's
  breasts, coaxing a yelp out of her, "is being trained to be a Mistress."  
The Nordic Queen then stood in front of Alana and Meredith, gripping their
  jaws tightly. "You will all be going through some of the same things. But remember
  that she will be a Mistress at the end. You will be property."  
"In the meantime, I own all of you. I will decide when you sleep, if you
  sleep, when you eat, if you eat, when you pee, and if you pee. I will decide
  who you have sex with and how and when. I will decide how and when you are
  punished. I will arrange the schedule for your education. In short, I am controlling
  everything about you. Do I make myself clear?"  
"Yes Mistress," chimed three feminine voices in unison.  
"Oh god," thought Alana. "It just gets worse." She had eventually adjusted
  to each indignity over the past week and a half. First with the nudity and
  then the touching, she had eventually become accustomed and it had become part
  of her life. Then she became a slave and, while it seemed uncomfortable at
  first, it too became part of her. Even sex with another woman, which had repulsed
  her at first, had become part of what she was. But it seemed that every time
  she became adjusted to a new Alana, a new indignity would present itself.  
"Oh god," thought Meredith. "It just gets worse." She still couldn't believe
  the events of the past two days and her head was spinning. Three days ago,
  she was just another happy housewife; bored, but happy. Since then, however,
  her world had changed ant it seemed that it just kept changing with each new
  change being worse than the last.  
"Oh god," thought Kelly. "I'm gonna kill Mom when I get out of here."  
Their new mistress attached a chain that ran from collar to collar. Even
  Kelly had been fitted with a collar that had been graciously supplied by Charles
  who happily placed it around the teenager's neck. The mistress led her string
  of slaves into what she called "the classroom" which was really nothing more
  than a room with odd-looking devices scattered about. She moved them to one
  wall and had them kneel, facing a row of phalluses that stuck out from a board
  and pointed at their faces.  
"Your first lesson is how to please a man with your mouth." The mistress
  gave them a brief set of instructions, telling them how to use their lips and
  tongues, how and when to use suction, and which parts of a cock to focus on.
  When she was finished with "The Theory of Cocksucking", she told them that
  it was time for the practical application of what they had learned. "Suck!" she
  commanded.  
Each girl leaned forward and took a phallus into her mouth trying to remember
  all that the instructor had told them. "Focus on the cock. Let the cock become
  the center of your world. Do not let anything distract you."  
With that said, she set about trying to distract the girls. She ran the tip
  of a crop between Kelly's legs causing the girl to gasp and stop sucking. This
  earned her a crack on the bottom with the mean crop and caused her to renew
  her attentions to the cock.  
The mistress ran her fingers over Meredith's quivering bottom, causing the
  slave to blush. But when the Norse Queen touched Meredith's little pucker,
  the girl straightened up quickly and arched her hips forward to try to escape
  the finger. This earned her a crack with the whip. "Suck! Focus!"  
Alana's breasts were the next target of the mistress' attention. She wrapped
  her fingers around the base of each breast, squeezing lightly and then drawing
  her fingers downward toward the nipples. She repeated this milking motion several
  times until Alana moaned. CRACK went the crop. "Focus, girl!" went the mistress.  
The blonde mistress kept moving from one kneeling slave to another providing
  instructions or trying to distract the girls. "Use your tongue on the head." "You
  can take it deeper than that." "Try licking it like a lollipop."  
The crop was used to both distract and punish. Kelly had the crop run up
  her spine and, when she trembled, had it lashed across her bottom. Meredith's
  pendulous breasts were swaying beneath her as she sucked on the phallus. When
  the mistress flicked the moving nipples with the crop and the girl jumped in
  surprise, the crop landed hard on her bottom. Alana felt the handle of the
  crop being slipped into her sex and she too jumped a little, only to be rewarded
  with the sting of the crop on her bottom.  
The door opened and three naked men entered the room. The mistress motioned
  to the kneeling women and the men crossed the room with one kneeling behind
  each girl. Quickly the girls' hips were grasped and raised slightly and the
  men arched forward, impaling the girls on their large cocks.  
"HEY!" shouted Kelly, letting the phallus slip from her mouth. She quickly
  started sucking again and dropped her protest when the crop started raining
  blows onto her back and the upper swells of her bottom. Alana and Meredith
  were also stung by the crop when they lost their concentration.  
"Focus, girls," the mistress warned. "Focus. Your world revolves around the
  cocks in your mouths. You are nothing but a receptacle for sperm to the cocks
  in your pussies."  
After the males had climaxed, the arose and left the girls behind. The mistress
  continued the lesson until she was satisfied that the girls had mastered the
  subject and then adjourned the class.  
The three girls were given a five minute break and relaxed, lying together
  in the sun. "That was sure different," commented Meredith.  
"Sure was," replied Alana. "Hey Kelly, is it true what they say about black
  men?"  
"That was a black guy?" asked a stunned Kelly.  
The mistress returned to collect her charges, leading the string of slaves
  to their next class. Here, they were instructed in posture and etiquette. They
  learned how to stand and kneel properly. They were taught how to walk, swaying
  their hips seductively while keeping their heads still enough so that books
  did not fall from the tops of her heads. And they were taught how to serve
  drinks and meals in pleasing ways. By the tim the class was over, it was dinner
  time. The girls were allowed to shower quickly but had to do so together since
  they were still linked by their collars. Then the mistress led them into the
  dining hall.  
Alana was shocked for yet another time that day when she saw the enormity
  of the operation. There had to be fifty slaves in the room, some serving, some
  eating at tables and some eating out of bowls on the floor. And there must
  have been at least twenty five masters and mistresses, all sitting at tables
  and eating.  
"Hi Gretchen," said a master as the girls were led past his table. "These
  must be the new ones. Are they behaving?"  
"Hi Wally," responded the Nordic Queen. "They're the new ones all right.
  They're behaving okay. But they sure are slow."  
Alana furrowed her brow at the insult. She thought of herself as a quick
  learner and was offended by Gretchen's remark. She had even graduated Magna
  Cum Laude. But she remained silent to minimize the abuse to her body.  
Gretchen led the girls to the front of the room and then, one by one, she
  detached the chain and fastened one girl to each of the wooden Xs. She placed
  a bucket of clothespins on a bench in front of the girls and then sat down
  at a table, leaving the three slaves attached to the crosses.  
As the evening progressed, the dominant diners would come up and inspect
  the girls. Typically, a master or mistress would start at one end and then
  move in sequence down the row of bound lovelies. Each person seemed to have
  a unique inspection routine. Some appeared to focus on muscle tone and spent
  their time poking and pinching arms, legs and bellies. Others seemed to be
  interested in testing the quality of each girl's skin. They would run their
  palms or fingers lightly over the girl's flesh to test its softness and suppleness.
  There were also the teeth checkers, the breast weighers, the nipple stretchers,
  the cunt probers, and the labia spreaders. There was even one dominant who
  Alana dubbed the "orifice geek." He seemed fascinated with peering up the girls'
  nostrils and into their ears. Alana wondered if he found nostrils sexy and
  then shuddered at the thought.  
When a dominant was finished with all three girls, he or she would go to
  the bucket, pick out a clothespin, and then place it on the girl of his or
  her choice. Kelly was the first one to be thus blessed and let out a howl of
  pain when the little monster snapped shut on the tender outer swell of one
  of her breasts. By the time dinner was finished, each girl was wearing a lot
  of the nasty little devices. Alana had clothespins on each nipple, several
  more on her breasts and one on her clit hood. Meredith had fewer but had one
  directly on her clit which sent pain shooting through her entire body. Kelly
  seemed to have the most of any of the three and this was confirmed when someone
  counted the clothespins and removed them. Alana had nine. Meredith had six.
  And seventeen were removed from Kelly who was declared the winner. Everyone
  clapped and cheered for Kelly.  
"Bring out the rack," commanded the man who had removed the clothespins.
  Everyone remained silent as two slaves wheeled in a cart with an odd looking
  piece of furniture on it. It was made of metal tubes and leather and its purpose
  was still not clear when the slaves lifted it from the cart and set it on the
  floor. But Alana and Meredith soon saw what it was intended for as Kelly was
  released and positioned on the rack.  
There was a place for her to kneel and then her legs were strapped into place,
  leaving her thighs spread wide. Then she was bent over until she was supported
  at the waist by one leather covered metal tube and at the shoulders by another
  one. Her breasts dangled freely beneath her chest. Her head was lifted until
  she was looking straight ahead and then her head was fitted into a harness
  that was supported by two vertical metal tubes. Once the straps on the harness
  were tightened, the girl could not move her head at all and could only look
  straight ahead. The finishing touch was to place an O-gag in her mouth which
  kept her mouth stretched wide open and prevented her from speaking.  
The man then signaled toward the doorway and a female slave led a big black
  Labrador Retriever into the room. Again, everyone applauded. Since Kelly could
  only look straight ahead, she had no idea what all of the clapping was about.
  The dog was led to the front of the room and then was slowly walked around
  Kelly. Kelly jumped as much as her bondage would allow when she felt something
  cold and wet pressed against her sex and then relaxed in her bonds when it
  went away. But as the dog came into view for her, she screamed at the top of
  her lungs and struggled furiously as she realized what was about to happen.
  The dog seemed to be amused by all of this and started happily licking Kelly's
  face until he was pulled away and led to the other end of the device.  
"Oh god," muttered Alana as she witnessed the spectacle. "This can't be happening."  
The dog did not need any instructions on the best use of a bound girl. Alana
  suspected that he had been treated to many naked girls before. He jumped up
  and gripped Kelly's waist with his forelegs, with his long, pink cock jutting
  forward. The attending slave reached down and helped glide the glistening erection
  into the girl's waiting sex and then the dog took over, pounding furiously
  into the sobbing and wailing slavegirl.  
Meredith shut her eyes and shook her head in disbelief. Alana looked on as
  her owner was raped by a dog and also shook her head in disbelief. "It sure
  doesn't pay to win around here," she thought.  
Kelly continued to struggle to no avail as the black lab continued
    to thrust into her. Some of the diners arose from their seats and came forward
    to get a better view. One of the mistresses who Alana had never seen before
    started toying with one of Alana's nipples, rolling it and stretching it
    as she watched the dog taking the future mistress in the rack. One of the
    masters dropped his pants and thrust his cock into Meredith's steamy sex,
    craning his head to the side to be able to watch the bestiality scene.  
   
  Yet another master unzipped his pants and positioned his cock at Kelly's mouth.
  With the O-gag holding her mouth open, she was totally defenseless. With one
  thrust, Kelly found herself deep-throating someone.   
The dog kept pumping and soon started growling. This scared Kelly almost
  out of her skin. All she could see what a bunch of pubic hair coming at her
  and then retreating but the dog seemed to be getting out of hand and nobody
  was coming to her rescue.  
Soon after her moment of fear, however, the dog let out a yelp and Kelly
  felt the sperm shooting into her vagina. The dog collapsed on top of her with
  his front legs wrapped around her to wait until his knot freed him.  
The cock in her mouth, however, was another matter. It kept sliding slowly
  in and impaling her throat before sliding back out to her lips. She decided
  to use some of what she had learned earlier from Mistress Gretchen and brought
  her tongue into action. Within a few more plunges, she had coaxed a climax
  out of her oral rapist and tasted the salty cum as it slid across her tongue
  and down her throat.  
After dinner, the three girls were led as a coffle to the tiny room where
  they would sleep. There was a mattress on the floor and nothing else in the
  room. They sighed as they saw the Spartan surroundings and then sighed again
  when they heard the door being locked from the outside.  
Despite the awkwardness of shifting positions caused by the way they were
  linked together by the chain, Alana and Meredith laid a dazed Kelly on the
  mattress between them. Alana cuddled up against Kelly's back, pressing her
  body against the teenager and spooned with her. She reached around her owner
  and cupped a breast, giving it a reassuring squeeze. Meredith laid down and
  backed up against Kelly to create another spoon. Then she reached back, and
  pulled Kelly's hand to her breast, holding it there. The unstated goal of the
  two older slaves was to keep the youngest slave warm and to give her comfort.  
Chapter 10: The Hunt  
Tuesday was different and yet was more of the same. Instead of phalluses,
  it was plastic replicas of a woman's privates. Again, Gretchen wielded the
  crop and did her best to distract the poor slavegirls. Again, male slaves were
  brought in to fuck them in an attempt to distract them. And, again, their backs
  and bottoms felt the kiss of the crop over and over again.  
They had another lesson in posture. They had a consultation with the staff
  beautician who made notes on flesh tones and hair color. They were reassured
  that they were each already beautiful but that she would devise ways of enhancing
  that beauty. And the beautician took the opportunity to denude Meredith's and
  Kelly's sex resulting in all three girls with a smooth, sleek look.  
They were taken to the staff physician who conducted a complete physical
  on them. When he learned that Meredith was not on any birth control program,
  he made sure that the sex during her training would not result in any unwanted
  children. He also declared that their nipples and labia were capable of being
  pierced and ringed. This announcement was not met warmly by any of the three
  slaves.  
In the afternoon, they were taken outside. Three poles were standing in the
  yard. They were each about waist high and had rounded tops. Alana remembered
  her first vision of this place and immediately knew what was to happen next.
  Sure enough, each girl was lifted and then positioned so that, when they were
  lowered, they would be impaled on the posts. With great efficiency, their minders
  slid them onto the poles and then shackled their feet to stakes in the ground
  so that their legs were spread shoulder width.  
Mistress Gretchen reappeared carrying a long, wicked-looking whip this time.
  She announced that it was quiz time and started asking questions that each
  girl was expected to answer. Each correct answer was rewarded with some kind
  of pleasurable sensation such as the stroking of a clit or the suckling of
  a nipple. Each incorrect answer was met with the bite of the whip. By the end
  of the quiz, each girl had several mean-looking welts across their backs.  
Dinner was much the same. The girls were displayed on their crosses and clothespins
  were applied to the most sensitive parts of their bodies. Alana was terrified
  of each new clothespin, not because of the pain but because of what she knew
  the largest collection would bring. It was a close race and Alana could not
  tell who had the most. She knew that hers were painful as her nipples, clit
  and labia burned with pain. One master had even pried open her mouth, pulled
  out her tongue and snapped a clothespin on the tip of it. When the tally was
  finally taken, she learned that she and Kelly had each received ten and Meredith
  had been blessed with twelve of the little monsters.  
Meredith was nearly hysterical as they released her from the cross. She struggled
  furiously and it took four slaves to secure her onto the rack where she was
  to meet her canine lover. Kelly and Alana watched in horror as a German Shepherd
  was trotted in and was eventually unleashed onto Meredith. Meredith squealed
  and pulled at her bindings as the big dog sank his cock into her but was quickly
  silenced when one of the masters plugged her mouth with his large cock and
  she quickly learned that it is impossible to shout with a cock lodged in your
  throat.  
Kelly and Alana were not completely spared. A master and a mistress were
  amusing themselves by attaching clamps to Kelly's nipples and labia and then
  hanging weights from the clamps. Kelly groaned with each additional ounce but
  never took her eyes off of the girl and dog.  
Alana couldn't help but take her eyes off of the scene. A mistress had appeared
  in front of her holding a long glass tube filled with needles and some kind
  of liquid. After setting the tube down, she withdrew a long needle, shook it
  dry, lifted one of Alana's breasts and then placed the tip of the needle at
  the base of the defenseless breast. With wide eyes, Alana watched as the needle
  was pushed, tenting the flesh inward for a moment before piercing the skin.
  The mistress pushed slowly and Alana felt every agonizing inch of the progress
  that the needle made until it emerged out the other side. By the time the girl
  and dog had finished their performance, Alana had a needle through the base
  of each breast and two shorter needles piercing each nipple.  
"This place is horrible," declared Kelly as the three girls spooned on their
  mattress that night. This time, it was Meredith who was tucked into the middle.  
"I'll say," agreed Alana. "Some of these people belong in prison."  
"I don't know," offered Meredith. "It's only for a few days and we'll get
  through it. Besides, it'll make us appreciate life all that much more when
  we get out. I think it's fine."  
"Are you crazy?" blurted Alana. "You were just raped by a dog. And you think
  it's fine?"  
"Well, it's sure not something that I wanted to do," said Meredith in her
  defense. "But after awhile it was kind of enjoyable. And it was the first time
  I ever climaxed just through penetration."  
"Wow," exclaimed Alana.  
"Yeah, wow," echoed Kelly.  
Don't worry. I'm not going to rush out and buy a German Shepherd. But I wouldn't
  mind having that one again. And it was also kinda nice being the center of
  attention. I had a whole room full of people watching me. That made me feel
  sexy."  
Alana shook her head in disbelief but didn't say anything because she didn't
  want to offend Meredith. Instead, she rolled over so she was facing Meredith,
  moved her hands up to cup her breasts and kissed her. "You are always sexy
  to me."  
Wednesday was hunt day. After a morning class in which they were taught the
  finer points of licking asses and another visit to the physician who gave them
  a quick checkup, they were led to the gathering point. All fifty or so slaves
  were collected together inside the corral. There were also about seventy five
  or eighty people outside the corral so it was obvious that guests had come
  in to participate. One of the masters stood on a small stage and spoke into
  a microphone, broadcasting to the entire crowd.  
"Welcome to the D bar S weekly hunt. Most of you have participated in the
  hunt before, but for those of you who are new, let me go over the rules."  
"We are hunting for slaves. The slaves will be released momentarily and will
  be given a one hour head start. The bell will sound after the hour is up and
  the hunters can pursue at that time."  
"We allow only paint guns. Nothing else is acceptable. Each slave will be
  fitted with goggles for protection but we still ask that you try to avoid head
  shots. Any amount of paint anywhere on the body will be considered a kill.
  Anyone accidentally shooting another hunter will spend the remainder of the
  week in solitary confinement and will be banned from participating in future
  hunts."  
"This is not a 'catch and release' event. This is catch and claim. You shoot
  it, you keep it. So aim wisely."  
"There is a two slave limit. Don't bag any more prey than that or you will
  be banned from future hunts."  
"You get to keep whatever you bag until 8:00 tomorrow morning. You may use
  your prey in any way you like as long as it doesn't violate the terms of their
  enslavement. Term sheets are available in the ranch office for review."  
Alana listened in amazement at the rules. "We have limitations?" she wondered. "I
  haven't seen any limitations."  
"Finally, I strongly encourage all participants to stay within the boundaries
  of the ranch. The entire property is surrounded by electrified fence and you
  will definitely ruin your day if you touch it."  
With that, a horn sounded and all of the goggled slaves rushed out of the
  corral, scattering in all directions to find a place to hide. The dominants
  lingered around, chatting and drinking coffee as they waited for the starting
  bell.  
Even though they were no longer attached to one another in a coffle, Alana,
  Meredith, and Kelly remained together. It was sheer pandemonium at first as
  everyone scrambled toward the gate. Alana held her other two fellow slaves
  back with an arm around each waist to wait until things settled down. Meredith
  pressed close to Alana and Kelly rested her head on Alana's shoulder as they
  watched the naked bodies scattering in all directions.  
"Which way should we go?" asked Alana.  
"It doesn't matter," replied a dejected Kelly. "We get fucked regardless."  
"Well not all fucking is bad," said Meredith. This reduced Kelly and Alana
  to a giggling frenzy as they remembered Meredith's love affair with the German
  Shepherd. Soon, Meredith was giggling also. "Well, it's true," she managed
  to say in her defense as the giggling died down.  
"So are we going to make it easy for them or are we going to give them a
  challenge?" asked Alana.  
"I'm okay with a challenge," said Kelly. "I just know I'm going to get fucked."  
Alana grew irritated by Kelly's whining and her defeatist attitude. "Look
  Kelly," Alana said as she gripped her owner's jaw in one hand and leaned in
  until their noses were almost touching. "If you want to walk up to them and
  say 'shoot me,' that's fine with me. I agree we'll probably all get fucked
  in the end. But if they're going to rape me, they're going to have to work
  for it."  
Alana took Meredith's hand and walked her out of the corral leaving it empty
  except for Kelly. The dominants watched as the two women strode away with their
  heads held high and without the fear and anxiety that the others had shown
  before them. They also watched as the last slave scurried out of the corral
  and caught up with the other two.  
"The blonde's mine," claimed one master.  
"Fine with me," said another. "I'm setting my sights on the redhead."  
"The brunettes actually a mistress," said a third. "I'm aiming for her."  
"Good luck," said one of the mistresses. "But I'm bagging two of them. And
  I don't care which two."  
Kelly caught up with her two comrades. "I'm sorry. I guess this place is
  just getting to me."  
"It's getting to all of us," replied Alana. And then she thought she needed
  to bolster Kelly's resolve. "But we still have to give it our best shot, Mistress."  
Both Kelly and Meredith turned to Alana in surprise at her calling Kelly
  Mistress again. Alana ignored the stares but kept walking her two friends toward
  the woods.  
Once inside the forest, Alana got the trio running. She intended to put a
  lot of distance between where they were last seen and where they would end
  up. She had hoped that walking away would lull the hunters into thinking that
  they could easily find the three girls. And she assumed that she and her two
  fellow slaves would be high priority targets on most lists.  
Running was hard, though. Each of the girls had too much movement on their
  chests. Plus, the ground was littered with sticks and stones that kept stabbing
  at their feet. But Alana kept her charges moving. Twigs whipped against their
  faces and arms. Tall grass snapped at their calves and thighs. Each of them
  developed their own form of running but they each used some variation of an
  arm across the chest to prevent the breasts from bouncing too much and an outstretched
  arm to keep twigs from slashing at their unprotected flesh.  
They ran through the woods until they had circled around to the other side
  of the ranch buildings. Occasionally, they would spot a naked body hiding behind
  a tree or a rock. "Targets," muttered Alana. After they had gone that far,
  they moved deeper into the woods looking for a place that would provide shelter
  for three naked girls. Eventually, they found a rock outcropping with many
  nooks and crannies that would hide them. They found three that were close together
  and that would provide them with the ability to look out to see if anyone was
  coming. And then they settled back to wait.  
"Thanks, Alana," said Kelly as she laid against her pet with her head resting
  on Alana's breast.  
"It's okay, Mistress," replied Alana as she stroked the girl's hair. "Everyone
  has moments like that."  
"Mistresses aren't supposed to, though."  
"How do you know that?" asked Alana. "You've only been a mistress as long
  as I've been a slave. And I sure don't know what slaves are supposed to do
  or not do."  
"But you're a perfect slave."  
"Thank you, Mistress," said Alana. "I guess we'll just have to learn about
  all of this together."  
Kelly smiled and tilted her head up kissing Alana. "We'll make it up as we
  go along, I guess. I wonder how many other mistresses have ever been fucked
  by a dog and then hunted down like an animal."  
"Who knows?" sighed Alana. "This is strange stuff."  
The day wore on and the girls occasionally sighted a slave or a hunter off
  in the distance, but nobody came near their little hideout. They lounged in
  their temporary home, taking little naps, cuddling together for comfort or
  just because it felt good and chatting.  
"I know you two think I've lost it," started Meredith, "but I kind of like
  this."  
"You really have lost it," quipped Kelly.  
"Really, I do," Meredith continued. "It's exciting. I've never felt more
  alive in my life! Just think about what I would be doing if I weren't here."  
"You'd be doing whatever you wanted," said Kelly. Alana remained silent because
  she didn't want to get into an argument. Besides, in a strange way, she agreed
  with Meredith.  
"I'd be doing laundry and running errands. I'd be cleaning or watching TV.
  And I'd be sleeping in an empty bed. At least until Ted got home at the end
  of the week. How exciting does that sound? Here, I get to try new things and
  everything that we've done has been thrilling if you look at it closely. And
  I get to sleep with two beautiful women at night."  
Alana gave her a hug and a kiss. "I love sleeping with you too."  
"Me too" said Kelly, not to be left out, as she kissed Meredith and gave
  her breasts a squeeze.  
Meredith smiled brightly and wrapped her arms around Kelly and Alana, holding
  one of the girls' breasts in each hand. "I guess we really are slave sisters.
  Well maybe not sisters. That would mean we've been committing incest. But I
  do love the two of you."  
"Speaking of Ted," Alana said, "have you figured out if you are going to
  include him?"  
"No, not really," replied Meredith. "What do you think?"  
"Well, I don't really know him. Would he be a master or a slave?"  
"Beats me. Which would you prefer?"  
Alana laughs. "I guess it might be nice to have a slave brother."  
"Mom thinks he's slave material," offered Kelly. "She didn't picture him
  as a master."  
"Well maybe I'll include him then," said Meredith. "It seems that Grace has
  this all planned out too."  
Their conversation was interrupted by some shouts. The three heads peeked
  up over the rocks and looked down into the clearing. Running across the grassy
  opening being pursued by two men with guns. The girl was almost back into the
  woods when a third hunter emerged from the side of the clearing, raised his
  gun and shot, leaving a bright blue spot on the girl's thigh. The girls had
  seen their first slave being bagged. The winning hunter walked to the girl
  and stood over her, pulling a blue tag out of his pocket. He leaned down and,
  with an industrial size clamp attached to the tag, clipped it to the girl's
  nipple, causing her to shriek. They saw the hunter saying something to the
  girl but they were too far away to make out any words. At about this time,
  the first two hunters arrived at the girl and all three hunters carried on
  a conversation with the captured slave at their feet.  
One of the hunters was scanning the area, obviously looking for more prey.
  As his gaze turned toward the three girls, all three heads ducked down quickly.
  Alana was the first to peek her head back up and saw the man pointing into
  the woods in the direction they had come from. All three hunters started back
  in that direction, leaving the girl with the clamped nipple and the paint blot
  lying alone in the clearing. The men disappeared into the woods and, about
  fifteen minutes later, a jeep arrived. Two men got out of the jeep, hogtied
  the blue slave, and threw her into the back of the jeep to drive her back to
  the ranch.  
"That was sure different," said Kelly.  
"Wow, that was exciting!" exclaimed a flushed Meredith who was rubbing her
  thighs together unashamedly.  
Alana laughed softly. "You really are too much."  
The afternoon wore on. The girls weren't sure how late it was, but guessed
  it to be about 3:00. "What do you suppose happens if nobody shoots us?" asked
  Kelly.  
"I don't know. Maybe we're free?"  
"I sure hope someone shoots me. I'm so horny I'm about to explode!" claimed
  Meredith. I need a cock and I don't care what's attached at the other end at
  this point!"  
"Well, we don't have cocks, but I'm sure Alana and I can help you out," offered
  Kelly as she reached over and started toying with Meredith's stiff and aroused
  nipples.  
"What the heck," said Alana as she pushed Meredith onto her back and then
  laid down between her spread legs. Kelly moved her lips from a nipple to Meredith's
  lips and then back to a nipple, repeating this over and over again. Alana used
  her newly learned skills to tease and toy with Meredith's overheated sex, nibbling
  on the clit, stroking the labia, stabbing into the vagina until Meredith was
  moaning loudly.  
"Quiet her down," warned Alana. Kelly quickly solved the problem of the noisy
  slave by squatting over the girl and lowering her own sex to muffle Meredith's
  moans. She continued to toy with the nipples rolling them back and forth and
  pulling them upward, stretching Meredith's large breasts into long cones on
  her chest.  
Alana returned to her task and swirled her tongue around the throbbing clitoris
  causing Meredith's belly to quiver. Kelly was enjoying her role as muffler
  as Meredith would open her mouth and flutter her tongue over Kelly's gaping
  sex. Alana's tongue and lips soon proved too much for Meredith to bear and
  her entire body tensed in a gigantic orgasm. As soon as Meredith had stopped
  moaning, Kelly lifted herself off the girl's face and then relaxed, resting
  her head on Meredith's breast to use it as a pillow. "Mmmm, that was nice," observed
  Kelly.  
"Mmmmmm, I'll say," murmured Meredith.  
The sun kept getting lower in the sky and the girls were starting to get
  hungry. "We have to figure out what we're going to do or we might find ourselves
  out here all night," said Alana.  
"That's fine with me," said Kelly. "I'm in no hurry for more abuse. Besides,
  what else could they do to us? Make us slaves?"  
"I don't want to stay here all night. I still want those cocks," said Meredith
  with a twinkle in her eyes. This earned her a punch on the shoulder from both
  other girls.  
The three girls were lying together with Kelly in the middle. Kelly was growing
  bored and was entertaining herself by suckling on one of Alana's nipples for
  a bit before moving to suckle one of Meredith's. Meredith was trying to take
  a nap and kept trying to swat Kelly away but eventually gave up and closed
  her eyes. Alana was deep in thought about what Meredith had said earlier. She
  felt pretty much the same way as Meredith and she found it disturbing. How
  can being owned by someone else and being put through an endless string of
  humiliations be exciting and appealing?  
Their nap time was finally interrupted by a feminine voice. "Hello, my lovelies."  
The three girls snapped awake and sat up quickly, looking up to see a woman
  in a western riding outfit pointing a gun at them. "Everyone has been looking
  all over for you. You were considered the prime catches of the day. You found
  a great hiding place."  
"But now we have a problem. I'm only allowed to bag two and yet there are
  three of you."  
"Hello, Mistress," said Alana.  
The woman smiled at Alana and shot her, leaving a bright purple spot splattered
  on her chest. "Hello, girl." The woman then shot Meredith and Meredith ended
  up wearing an identical purple splatter on her belly. "I'd love to shoot you
  too, little one," she said to Kelly, "but I'm only allowed two. So you run
  along."  
"What?!?!?!" asked a surprised Kelly. "I'm not going to go running out there!"  
The woman smiled again and rested her gun against a rock. Then she unhooked
  a mean-looking whip that was coiled on her belt and shook it out. "Suits me
  just fine," she said as she snapped the whip, catching the tip of one of Kelly's
  breasts.  
"Ow!" shouted Kelly. The whip whistled through the air again and Kelly felt
  the bite on her thigh. "Okay okay I'll go," she said. She got up and turned
  to her two comrades, "I guess I'll see you back at the ranch." And, with that,
  she started running down the rocky slope to the clearing.  
Alana and Meredith watched as Kelly sprinted across the clearing and heard
  the shouts of hunters who emerged from one of the sides of the field. One raised
  his gun and fired, but missed the teenager. Another one shot but the paint
  hit a tree just as Kelly disappeared into the forest.  
"You go girl" whispered Meredith.  
By the time they returned to the ranch, Kelly was already there wearing a
  yellow splatter on her shoulder. All of the slaves were kneeling beside their
  owners for the night so Alana and Meredith also kneeled beside their new owner.  
Awards were given out to the hunters, some of which were in jest. One man
  received an award for the most useless shots taken in the day. A woman received
  an award for first kill and another man received an award for the longest shot.
  Several people received the sure-shot award and it was described as an award
  for using only one shot for each kill. There was only one award for the slaves.
  It was for the last slave bagged and that slave was to be dubbed the king or
  queen of the hunt. Kelly found herself wearing the crown and blushed as all
  eyes turned to the new queen of the hunt.  
Alana chuckled to herself seeing Kelly wearing the crown. "Now we have a
  slave princess and a slave queen," she thought.  
Chapter 11: Grace Gathers the Flock  
"Unfortunately, Grace, I wasn't able to." Grace had just returned to the
  ranch and had asked Charles how he enjoyed his time training her daughter. "Things
  came up that required my attention. But she was in good hands. Gretchen looked
  after them. And I'd like a rain check. I'll train her myself some other time."  
Grace laughed. "I'll bet you would. How did she do?"  
"She did great. All three of them did great. You might call them the belles
  of the ball," he said.  
"Oh?"  
Charles described the events of the past three days and how they had become
  dinner-time favorites. He related Gretchen's evaluation, which was nothing
  but glowing. And he described how the three girls had been at the top of everyone's
  target lists for the hunt.  
"As you know, we generally get a large gathering of owners at these events.
  Well, I have never seen anything quite like yesterday. Some of the other slaves
  had a hard time getting shot because everyone wanted to wait to save their
  last shot for one of your three. In fact, I can't tell you how many people
  wanted to buy them. I kept telling them that I didn't think they were for sale
  but they just kept hounding me. Finally, I gave up."  
Grace gasped. "You sold them?"  
"No, no, don't worry about that," reassured Charles. I told each of them
  to give me a sealed bid and I promised them that I would deliver them to you."  
"That's interesting," mused Grace. "How many bids did you get?"  
Charles opened the drawer to his desk and pulled out a stack of envelopes,
  dumping them on the table in front of Grace. "That's how many."  
"Oh my," said Grace. "I guess they really were popular. Shall we see what
  they are worth?"  
Charles and Grace spent the next fifteen minutes slicing the envelopes open
  and reading the bids. Some were for individual girls and others were for the
  threesome. There was no girl who appeared to be the favorite as the individual
  bids were fairly evenly distributed. Alana, however, received the highest bid
  at five million dollars. This caused Grace to gasp and reread the bid closely.
  But even on closer examination, she had been offered an even five million dollars
  for her neighbor.  
Several of the bids were for all three girls with the highest bid being ten
  million dollars. "I could set up a real business with numbers like this," observed
  Grace.  
"If you keep bringing me girls like this," Charles said, "we would both be
  very wealthy in no time."  
Charles brought Gretchen in to personally give her report. Grace was truly
  impressed by the tall, buxom blonde woman. She couldn't help herself from imagining
  the woman naked, with a collar around her neck and kneeling at her feet. Grace
  knew that she was being ridiculous and that she already had her hands full.
  But still, this woman was striking.  
Gretchen gave her report. "They are truly the most amazing three creatures
  I have ever seen. They are each beautiful, lively, fun-loving, caring, and
  extremely sexual." She went on to describe some of the events and used the
  giggle-fit in the corral as an example of their fun-loving personalities. "All
  of the other slaves just wanted to get away and were worried. Your three looked
  as if they didn't have a care in the world and were enjoying themselves."  
She described she had been told by the mistress who captured them during
  the hunt. "Everyone had been looking for them. Mistress Karen finally found
  them near the western border of the ranch. They were lying together comfortably
  and relaxed and Kelly was amusing herself by alternately sucking Alana's and
  Meredith's nipples. It wasn't exactly sex, but it was very sexual."  
"I know that they are out of my league, financially," Gretchen continued, "but
  it would be an honor and a pleasure to be able to train them again."  
Grace smiled. "Thank you for the report. And thank you for caring for my
  pets. I would love for you to be with them again. Should I arrange that with
  Charles or directly with you?"  
"Either way," replied Gretchen. "I just want to be able to enjoy them again."  
Gretchen left and Charles led Grace outside where the three girls were lined
  up in a coffle again. Grace kissed the cheek of each girl and squeezed both
  breasts, even Kelly's. Then she thanked Charles and loaded her cargo into the
  minivan. She had expected Kelly to protest riding naked in the back with the
  property but Kelly eagerly clambered in with the other two naked females.  
There was an occasional comment or question at first, but the conversation
  was pretty limited. Grace decided not to interrogate the girls about the experience
  and just drove silently. By the time they reached the highway, however, Grace
  felt like she had three teenagers in the back instead of one plus two adults.
  They chattered incessantly and she listened intently.  
"What was your favorite part?" asked Kelly.  
"The hunt!" exclaimed Meredith. "No wait! The male slaves during our classes."  
"Not the German Shepherd?" asked Kelly.  
"Kel!" protested Meredith. "Your mom's listening."  
"So what? She owns you. Was it the dog or not?"  
Meredith groaned. "Well I really liked the dog. But I still think that the
  hunt was my favorite part."  
All three girls quizzed each other and compared notes. "Who was your favorite
  master?" "Who was your favorite mistress?" "How big was the biggest cock that
  you took?" "How many times did you deep throat?" It was like bringing young
  teenagers back from a dance, although the topics were quite a bit different.
  The enthusiasm and the excitement were exactly the same, though.  
By they time they arrived home, Grace had heard an earful. Most people wouldn't
  have believed what she heard, but she knew it to be true. What she couldn't
  believe was how excited Kelly was about all of this. Maybe her daughter was
  better suited to be a slave. But surely, she couldn't own her own daughter.  
That evening, the bevy of naked beauties was gathered at Grace's feet. She
  told them how proud she was of their behavior for the past three days and how
  each of them needed some time to think and reflect on the experience. They
  were told that they would have the day to themselves tomorrow and would meet
  again in the evening.  
"What are you planning on doing tomorrow?" Meredith asked Alana.  
"Work on the house," she replied. "I keep getting distracted from my main
  project."  
"I'll help. I'll come over tomorrow and we should be able to get twice as
  much done."  
"Me too," offered Kelly. "I'll be over bright and early."  
Friday morning, there were three naked girls working in Alana's house. Kelly
  worked on cleaning out the basement while Alana finished painting the family
  room. Other than the kitchen, the entire downstairs would be finished by that
  evening. Meredith was not all that handy but was able to handle the job of
  stripping wallpaper in one of the bedrooms. She also took care of lunch and
  made sure that refreshments were available whenever needed.  
By mid-afternoon, one room was finished, the basement was clean and the bedroom
  walls were stripped and ready to be prepared for painting. The three girls
  took showers and then relaxed for a bit. Kelly announced that the remodeling
  plans had to include a shower or bath big enough for all three of them, though.  
They sat at the kitchen table for a bit and gabbed about their experiences
  at the ranch. Despite the humiliations and the hardships, it didn't seem as
  if any of the girls regretted their time there.  
"I'm horny," Meredith announced after awhile. Alana just grabbed a banana
  and slid it across the table to the horny slave causing all three girls to
  break out laughing.  
When the laughing died down, Meredith went on. "I mean it. I'm horny. Let's
  go to bed."  
Kelly immediately popped up. "I'm ready."  
Alana rolled her eyes. "Okay, okay. Some workers you turn out to be, though."  
They spent the rest of the afternoon kissing and caressing and nibbling and
  sucking and probing. They eventually fell asleep in their normal spooning arrangement
  with Alana in the middle this time. Kelly was behind Alana and had reached
  around to hold one of Alana's breasts. Similarly, Alana cradled one of Meredith's.
  Meredith had no breasts to hold, so she reached back and rested her hand on
  Alana's thigh. It was in this position that Grace found them at the end of
  the day. And it was at that moment that she decided that Kelly would also become
  one of her slaves. And it was also at that moment that she decided that Ted
  would have to be a co-owner of the girls with her.  
She hoped that Ted would be up to the task. She had previously labeled him
  as slave material. He would need a lot of work and coaching. She would have
  to talk this over with Charles. Maybe Gretchen could help in some way.  
She let the girls sleep and went downstairs to Alana's kitchen. She rummaged
  around and was eventually able to find what she needed to make a cup of tea.
  As she sat at the kitchen table, she started to formulate a plan.  
Ted would be coming home this evening. He may already be there, for all she
  knew. Then she paused and wondered what had gone through his mind when he had
  been unable to reach his wife for three evenings. And she wondered how Meredith
  had explained away her unavailability.  
She would talk privately with Ted on Saturday. That seemed easy enough. The
  girls seemed to be inseparable at this point. If they were planning on working
  on Alana's house, that would provide the opportunity. If not, she would create
  the opportunity by sending them shopping.  
Chapter 12: Forming a Partnership  
"I don't understand," a confused Ted responded. And he truly looked confused
  with his brow furrowed and his eyes narrowed. Grace hoped she was not making
  a mistake. Grace had been talking with Ted for about fifteen minutes and they
  were just getting to the slavery.  
"It's quite simple, really," Grace explained. "I'm sure that you know about
  slavery. It's when people own other people. I'm giving you the opportunity
  to be a co-owner with me of three beautiful women."  
"Sounds great," he said. "But Meredith would kill me."  
"Maybe not," said Grace. "She seems to have an open mind."  
"Would she be an owner too?"  
"Definitely not," Grace said, emphatically. "The girls would just belong
  to you and me." Grace knew that she was making headway when she glanced down
  at Ted's lap. There was a noticeable tent forming in the front of his shorts.
  Ted obviously liked the idea of owning and controlling three girls.  
"You will need some training, though," Grace continued. "You are new to this.
  I will arrange for you to receive the proper education."  
"Why me?" asked Ted.  
"That's a fair question," answered Grace. "To begin with, three is too many
  for me. I'm not willing to sell any of them, but I'm not able to handle them
  alone. Second, you seem like someone who enjoys woman and who can handle them
  appropriately, if properly trained. And you're a neighbor, so it would be convenient."  
Ted thought for a moment trying to think about why this offer seemed too
  good to be true. "They aren't a bunch of ugly scags, are they?"  
"Certainly not," replied Grace, indignantly. "I only take the most desirable
  slaves. And I will tell you confidentially that I have already been offered
  ten million dollars for the three of them."  
Ted whistled. "Wow! Why didn't you sell them?"  
"Because they are too precious to me."  
"What do I do with slaves?" asked Ted.  
"Whatever you want," replied Grace. "That's the beauty of it. They cannot
  say no. Oh, they might complain or whine at times, but they are your property.
  You make the decisions. If you want them firmer, you exercise them. If you
  want to display them, you display them. If you want them always naked for you,
  they will always be naked. You can decorate their bodies with piercings, tattoos
  or brands. Personally, I don't like tattoos, but I have been toying with the
  idea of nipple rings for these three. And I intend to brand them and have them
  registered soon."  
"Registered?" asked Ted.  
"I'll get to that in a moment, but let me finish answering your first question.
  You can work them in the yard or have them clean your house and cook your meals."  
"Meredith would like that," commented Ted.  
Grace ignored the interruption and continued. "They can be used for massages
  or they can bathe and dress you. If you need a footstool for watching television,
  use your slave. And of course there is always sex. You are free to use a slave
  in any form of sex."  
"Wow!" exclaimed Ted. "Where do I sign up?"  
"As far as registration is concerned, it is similar to registering your car,
  although the government is not involved for obvious reasons. This is not necessary
  but it is helpful in certain situations. "A registration is required in order
  to sell a slave."  
This caused Ted's eyes to open wide but did nothing to abate the huge erection
  poking at the front of his shorts.  
"Registering also allows you to create title of ownership. Kind of like a
  deed. Remember, they are property, so it's helpful to have a title. And sometimes,
  slaves are stolen. Registration is helpful in tracking the slaves down and
  restoring them to their proper owners. That's the reason I'm planning on having
  these three registered. I already know there's a huge demand for them and it
  wouldn't surprise me if someone is already making plans to steal them. I just
  want to protect my property rights."  
"Wow!" repeated Ted. "Part of me says sign me up yesterday. But another part
  says I need to talk this over with Meredith."  
"Then lets talk it over with Meredith. She's over at Alana's right now helping
  with the remodeling. Should we go over there or have her come over here?"  
"We?" asked a puzzled and clueless Ted. "Do you really think it's wise for
  both of us to present this to her?"  
"I think that's best," replied Grace. "As I said, she seems pretty open-minded
  to me. And she may have some questions that you aren't prepared to answer.
  So, I'll be there."  
"Okay, let's do it. But we should do it here so Alana doesn't overhear anything."  
Grace got up and walked to the phone, dialing Alana's number. Luckily, Meredith
  answered. "I'm at your house, dear," Grace informed her. "Come over now, if
  you please."  
"Yes, Mistress," was the reply and the phone line went dead.  
It took about twenty minutes for Meredith to show up at her house. "Sorry," she
  apologized. "I took a quick shower so I didn't track paint everywhere and didn't
  get any on my clothes." Ted never even thought to ask what Meredith had been
  wearing during her painting if she wasn't wearing her own clothes.  
Meredith sat down next to Ted and smiled at Grace. "What's up?"  
"Well," started Grace, "I have made Ted a proposition. And he correctly wanted
  to get your input first."  
"Oh?" responded Meredith. Here it comes, she thought. Ted's going to be a
  slave too.  
"Yes. And he seems interested, but wanted to see how you felt about it. I
  have this little problem and I asked your husband if he would be kind enough
  to help me with it. You see, I own three slaves."  
"Three!!!" asked an astonished Meredith. Ted was convinced that Meredith
  was stunned at Grace declaring that she owned slaves and was reassured that
  he had correctly predicted to Grace that this would all be quite shocking to
  his wife. In reality, Meredith was shocked at the number and not the fact that
  Grace owned slaves. She only knew about herself being Grace's slaves and she
  wondered where Grace kept the other two hidden. Maybe she was including Ted
  in the count already, but that still left one unaccounted for.  
"Yes, dear," nodded Grace. "I own three slaves. And it's a bit much for one
  person to handle, as I'm sure you can understand. So I have asked Ted if he
  would mind being co-owner with me for the slaves."  
 
  Meredith glanced quickly at Ted and, seeing the front of his shorts being pushed
      outward, knew that her husband found the proposition attractive. But her
      own husband owning her? How would that work?   
"Wow!" was all that Meredith could manage.  
"Yes, I'm sure that all of this is quite surprising," Grace continued. "There
    are not a lot of slave owners around, and you would be married to one. And
    you would have a neighbor who also owns slaves." 
   
  Meredith nodded silently, unable to find words. Again, she looked at Ted who
  nodded to her and then back to Grace. "I guess it's okay with me. I mean if
  that's something that Ted wants to do." Then turning back to her husband, she
  asked, "Is it something you want to do?"   
"Yes, love, it is," responded Ted, reaching out to stroke the back of Meredith's
  hand. "I don't know much about it, but Grace has offered training for me. But
  I didn't want to do anything without your knowledge and approval. Grace also
  tells me that the slaves can do the cleaning and cooking."  
"Oh did she?" asked Meredith who then gave an icy stare to her owner. "Well
  then, I guess it's settled. When do you take ownership?"  
Ted was shocked that she accepted the proposition so easily and then looked
  over to Grace for guidance. "No time like the present, I always say," she replied.
  Then she smiled at Ted. "Before we finalize this agreement, however, you should
  know that Meredith is one of the slaves."  
"What?!?!?!?" sputtered Ted. Then he turned to Meredith. "You? A slave?" Meredith
  nodded quietly and blushed deeply.  
"Yes," she replied quietly. "Me. I'm Grace's slave."  
"Who are the others?" he asked his wife.  
"I don't know. I only knew about me," Meredith said. Then she turned to Grace. "Who
  are the others, Mistress?"  
"Well, dear, there's been a little change of plan," Grace explained. "I decided
  that Kelly would be happier as a slave. She came back from the ranch happier
  than I have ever seen her. So she and Alana are the other two."  
"Alana?" asked Ted as his ears perked up. Hearing this news also caused his
  cock to perk up and threatened to tear through the front of his shorts. "The
  Alana next door?"  
Grace laughed. "Yes, the Alana next door. And the Kelly is my daughter, which
  is the other reason I needed you to be co-owner. I will consider you to be
  the primary owner of Kelly. I will be the primary owner of Alana and Meredith."  
"Wow!" said Ted and Meredith in unison.  
Grace then led the married couple over to Alana's house. Meredith removed
  her shorts and top out of habit and hung them on the hook by the door. Ted's
  eyes opened wide when she saw his wife stripping down and then standing naked
  in the neighbor's house without any sign of embarrassment. Then his eyes just
  about popped out of his head when Alana and Kelly entered the room.  
"Eeeek," shrieked Kelly upon seeing the male standing in the doorway. "Sorry,
  I didn't know we had company."  
Grace smiled and motioned for the three girls to kneel as she sat on the
  couch with Ted. Then she explained the new arrangement.  
Ted's jaw had dropped and he had a hard time keeping his mouth closed. Meredith
  thought he looked like some kind of village idiot with that look on his face
  but she figured he would get used to having three naked girls hanging around
  soon enough. And she knew him well enough to know that he would enjoy sampling
  the fruits of the three lovelies.  
"There is going to be a change," Grace explained. Then she went on to explain
  how all three girls were going to be owned by Grace and Ted. Kelly's eyes opened
  wide when she learned that she was going to be a slave but she remained silent.
  Finally, she finished. "Are there any questions?"  
"I have one," said Alana. "Does this mean that Kelly doesn't own me any more?"  
"That's correct," replied Grace. "Next weekend, you will all be registered.
  You and Meredith will be registered as my property. Kelly will be registered
  as belonging to Ted. But I intend to treat all three of you as equals and any
  one of you can be used by either of us."  
"Oh," said Alana. Once again, just as she was getting used to the way things
  were, they changed. At least this time, it wasn't a change for the worse. It
  was just a change.  
"What did Kelly do to deserve the demotion?" asked Alana. "I thought she
  was a very good mistress."  
"This is not a demotion, pet," replied Grace. "It's just a change. I have
  never seen Kelly happier than she has been after the ranch. And seeing the
  three of you cuddled together on your bed yesterday convinced me that she would
  enjoy spending some time as a slave. And, when I decide that she will be happier
  as an owner, then she will be released and I will give her title to you."  
"Oh," was all that Alana said. She still had more questions but decided not
  to pursue them at this time. She needed to sort things out and get used to
  the new situation.  
"Now, Kelly," instructed Grace. "Come here."  
Kelly crawled forward until she was kneeling in front of her mother. Grace
  reached down and cupped her daughter's breasts in her hands and held them until
  Kelly looked up into her eyes. "You make a lovely slavegirl. And I have a lovely
  present for you." She released one of the breasts and then fished a collar
  out of her pocket, handing it to Ted.  
"You should be the one to put it on her," Grace said as she resumed holding
  both breasts, fondling them and stroking them. Ted turned the collar in his
  hand and read the inscription. "Kelly Dodd. Property of Ted Crandall." He slid
  forward on the couch and placed the collar around the teenager's neck, buckling
  it snugly. It was only then that he noticed that Alana was wearing a very similar
  collar but that Meredith had none.  
Grace realized what Ted was thinking and spoke up. "Meredith would have removed
  her collar before coming home earlier." Then she turned back to Meredith. "Go
  fetch your collar and let Ted see it."  
"Yes Mistress," said Meredith as she arose and went into the other room.
  She returned with the collar fastened around her neck and walked back over
  to her husband, kneeling before him to let him inspect the collar. This caused
  Ted to whistle again.  
Using her thumbs to stroke Kelly's nipples back and forth causing them to
  stiffen, Grace spoke to her daughter again. "You should thank your new owner."  
"Yes Mistress," replied Kelly. She arose and moved a couple of steps to the
  side before kneeling at Ted's feet. "Thank you Master for the lovely collar.
  How may I please you?"  
This question caught Ted totally by surprise and he was at a loss for words.
  Grace interceded. "He looks quite uncomfortable, pet. Perhaps you could free
  the straining in his shorts and see what you can do to relax it."  
Kelly blushed as she realized she had just been given instructions to give
  Ted a blowjob in front of the others in the room. But she simply nodded and
  got to work. "Yes Mistress."  
Again, Ted was caught totally by surprise. Kelly had reached up to the waist
  band of his shorts and had started tugging them downward. He reached for his
  shorts to try to hold them on but then saw the plaintiff look in Kelly's eyes
  as she looked up at him. Reluctantly, he let go of the shorts and she was able
  to slide them down his legs freeing his cock and letting it sway back and forth
  in the air.  
Kelly set the shorts aside and then leaned forward, kissing the tip of the
  shaft before wrapping her lips around it. She slid her lips up and down the
  cock, using her tongue to bathe it and tease it. Grace spread her legs apart
  and then patted each leg indicating that the girls should sit in her lap. Alana
  and Meredith both got up and sat down on their owner's legs to get a better
  view of what Kelly was doing with her new owner. Grace reached around each
  girl and claimed a breast, which she squeezed and stroked as she watched her
  daughter stimulating Ted.  
Ted leaned back against the couch as the delicate lips worked on his cock
  sending delicious thrills through his body. He watched the brown hair bob up
  and down and heard small slurping sounds emerging from Kelly's lips. She slid
  her lips all the way to the bottom, allowing his cock to slide into her throat
  and eliciting a groan from him as her throat muscles contracted around the
  sensitive head of the shaft. Shortly after that, her lips held the head just
  inside her mouth and she alternately fluttered her tongue over it and lightly
  grazed it with her teeth. Another groan was heard.  
Grace was teasing the stiff nipples of her own two slaves during the show
  and could feel herself getting wet. She would have to have her girls take care
  of her desires soon, but first she needed to make sure that everything was
  in place.  
Eventually, Kelly coaxed an orgasm out of Ted and kept her lips wrapped around
  the shaft to catch all of his sperm. She swallowed all of the salty cum and
  then licked the penis clean before kneeling back on her heels and looking up
  at her owner. "I hope that I have pleased you, Master."  
"Oh my god yes," stuttered a breathless Ted. "Wow! That was wonderful!"  
"So what do you think of my proposition now?" asked Grace.  
"Sign me up!" grinned Ted. "Can I borrow her tonight?"  
"You own her. You don't need to borrow her," was Grace's response.  
"Oh yeah. I keep forgetting. This takes some getting used to."  
Chapter 13: Educating the New Master  
That evening, the flock was gathered at the Dodd residence. Grace continued
  to think of it as more of a flock than a harem, but eventually it would be
  a harem. And either Ted would perform as the new Master or he would become
  the eunuch.  
Ted rarely saw any of the girls wearing clothes during the rest of the day.
  The only time that they wore anything at all was when they would cross from
  one house to another. Then they looked just like any other housewife or neighbor.
  Nothing revealing. In fact, they usually wore something nondescript and baggy
  to avoid calling attention to themselves.  
The girls prepared dinner while Grace and Ted talked in the living room.
  There were always two girls in the kitchen with one in attendance in the living
  room to meet the needs of the two owners. Grace talked past the slaves as she
  talked about them or other matters and behaved as if they were not even there.
  Each of the girls experienced it and each of them felt peculiarly about it.
  Ted had difficulty with this and was self-conscious in what he said because
  the girls might hear.  
Grace was anxious to get Ted trained and had talked to Charles in the afternoon.
  Charles said that there were no openings in the upcoming week but that he could
  fit Ted in the following week. Ted agreed to take a week of vacation so he
  would be able to attend.  
"What will the training be like?" he asked.  
"I would imagine that they will alternate. On some days, you will be treated
  as a slave so that you can start to understand what it's like and how they
  are expected to behave. On other days, you will be taught different ways of
  handling and enjoying the slaves."  
Ted gulped. "I'm to be treated as a slave?" What does that include?"  
Grace laughed as she saw all of the color drain from Ted's face. "Not to
  worry. The girls survived. They spent a few days there this week. We'll have
  them describe their experiences after dinner."  
"Girls? The girls went to training? My Meredith? I thought only Kelly went
  there."  
Grace shook her head. "All three of them went. From what I understand, they
  were quite popular. But I need to correct you. It is MY Meredith now. She is
  your wife. She is my slave. Her body, mind and soul are my property now."  
"Oh yeah," he replied. "Like I said, it takes some time getting used to."  
For dinner, Grace was seated at one end of the table and Ted at the other
  end. Meredith knelt beside Grace's chair and Kelly knelt beside Ted's. Alana
  remained standing and did all of the serving and clearing.  
Ted watched as Grace would cut little morsels from the food on her plate
  and then feed it to Meredith. Ted took the hint and similarly fed his slavegirl.
  There was only light conversation during dinner and certainly nothing about
  slavery. Grace asked Ted about his job and the two of them discussed favorite
  vacation spots. Finally, the last course was cleared and Grace invited Ted
  to join her with his coffee in the living room. She told the girls to leave
  the dishes until later.  
Grace sat in one wing chair and Ted was in another. The girls knelt in front
  of them with their legs parted, their chests outthrust, and their hands clasped
  together behind their backs. It was all that Ted could do to keep from drooling
  at the sight of six gorgeous breasts being thrust in his direction. Each of
  the girls looked erotic and beautiful. And he saw his wife in a whole new light.
  She practically glowed.  
"Ted will be going to the ranch in a week," commented Grace. "He was curious
  about what happens there. I thought that you girls might tell him what is in
  store for him." Grace smiled at the girls knowing that this would be a difficult
  topic for them. It was one thing to chat about their shared experiences among
  themselves. It was quite another to talk about it with someone else. Especially
  when that someone was the husband of one of them. She saw Meredith's eyes open
  wide and saw her blush extend all the way down to her nipples.  
"But won't his experience be much different from ours, Mistress?" asked Alana.  
Grace nodded. "Yes, it will be different, but there will be some similarities.
  He will get to occasionally experience the life of a slave. But most of his
  time will be spent learning how to handle and appreciate slaves. I thought
  that you should tell him what you did and what you learned."  
"I learned that it's best not to piss off Mistress Gretchen," Kelly chimed
  in. "And stay away from Black Labs."  
This caused Alana and Meredith to launch into another one of their giggle-fits
  and Kelly soon joined them, leaving Ted totally confused. They quickly regained
  their composure and Alana apologized. "Sorry Mistress. We'll try to do better."  
They described the classroom settings and how they were constantly distracted
  while they tried to practice what they had learned. "Kelly even got fucked
  by a black man," said Meredith, "although she didn't even know it. So I guess
  it's not true what they say."  
"Did you get fucked?" asked Ted of his wife.  
"Oh yes," she replied but was interrupted by Grace clearing her throat. When
  she glanced at Grace, she saw a disapproving look and corrected herself. "I
  mean yes Master. I was fucked many times."  
They described the dinner scenes where they were fastened to the crosses
  and exposed completely to everyone in the room. And they talked about the clothespins
  and the weights. Alana saw Ted wincing as she described the needles that had
  skewered her lovely breasts.  
"And then there was the hunt," Meredith said.  
"Wait, pet," said Grace. "Aren't you leaving something out about dinner?"  
Meredith blushed again and cast her eyes down, nodding slowly. "Yes, Mistress.
  I guess we forgot."  
"I see," responded Grace. "Well, let's complete the story before we move
  on to the next adventure."  
"Yes, Mistress," said Meredith but she remained silent instead of describing
  the rest of the events. It was Kelly who picked up on the narrative.  
"Well, it seemed that there was some kind of voting going on. Each night,
  each master would get a clothespin and put it on one of us. And they were pretty
  cruel about where they attached them." This comment caused the other two girls
  to nod vigorously. "And then the one with the most clothespins would be strapped
  down. And then they would bring in a dog and&hellip;" Her voice broke up at
  that point and she couldn't go on.  
"The dog would fuck whoever had won," Meredith continued.  
"Oh my god!" exclaimed Ted.  
"Kelly was given to a dog the first night. I was given to a dog the second
  night," Meredith went on. "They didn't do it the third night because that was
  the day of the hunt."  
"You had sex with a dog?" asked Ted.  
Meredith nodded.  
"Did you like it?"  
Meredith nodded again. "I did." She paused for a moment. "It was different
  and it was exciting in an odd way."  
Ted slumped back in his chair trying to absorb what he had heard. Everything
  was happening too fast. He barely heard anything about the hunt or what happened
  after the hunt.  
By the time the dinner party broke up, Ted had recovered. It helped that
  he would be taking Meredith and Kelly home with him for the night. At that
  point, his brain was dangling between his legs and it never even occurred to
  him that some of the things that he had heard about could happen to him starting
  in a week.  
Grace told him that it was dark enough that the girls did not need to be
  dressed if he led them through the backyards. She provided two leashes and
  he performed his first act as a master, leading two naked slavegirls to his
  bed. He had Kelly use her mouth again to get him hard, although she would have
  sworn that he was already as hard as a rock before she started. Then he laid
  down in the bed and had Meredith mount him. He couldn't get over the change
  in his wife as her breasts bounced and her naked sex shone in the dim light
  of the room. Kelly was not to be left out and knelt behind Meredith, between
  Ted's legs. She reached around her slave sister and played with her breasts
  and nipples.  
Ted ended up climaxing twice. The first time was into his wife while she
  was erotically riding his cock. The second time was into his new property as
  his wife suckled the teenager's breasts.  
Grace finally had a chance to enjoy one of her new pets. After a week and
  a half of being an owner again, she still had not even taken one to bed. But
  this night, she took Alana to bed with her. She had Alana bathe her first and
  had Alana join her in the tub. The two luxuriated in the bubbles for a long
  time until Alana got out and helped her mistress out, toweling her dry. Then
  Grace led Alana to bed and the two made love for hours. And it was reciprocal
  lovemaking. Two tongues and two pairs of lips were involved to provide countless
  orgasms until they fell asleep in each other's arms, exhausted.  
The next two weeks passed quickly. Alana went back to work and was soon immersed
  in creating designs for new buildings or figuring out how to bring old ones
  back to life. Meredith would split her time between tending to her own home
  and working on Alana's in Alana's absence, although she was always naked when
  she was in Alana's house. Kelly kept trying to dream up new schemes about why
  she should not be sent away to college. When she wasn't doing that, she would
  usually be with Meredith. And even when she was at Meredith's house, Kelly
  would be naked. Each evening, all three would end up as naked slaves, regardless
  of what they had done during the day.  
For the first week, Ted delighted in his new role as master and took every
  opportunity to sample the offerings of the three slavegirls. He always had
  at least one girl in bed with him and frequently, he had two.  
After a night that Kelly and Alana had spent with him, Alana had a talk with
  Meredith. "Doesn't it bother you to see your husband with another woman? Or,
  like last night, to know that he is with two women but you're not there?"  
"Heck no," replied Meredith. "Sex with him has never been better. I don't
  get jealous as long as I know it's the two of you. You two are like sisters.
  Well maybe not sisters. It's a different kind of bond. Oh heck, I don't know
  what you two are but you're special. So if he wants to fuck your brains out,
  it makes me very happy. And besides, I keep hoping that he learns new tricks
  from the two of you." She grinned mischievously. "Plus I kind of enjoy private
  time with Mistress."  
Alana nodded but was not sure that she would be so tolerant in the same situation.  
The second week was interesting. All girls slept in Grace's room each night
  while Ted was away at the ranch. But her bed was not large enough for all of
  them. She could fit two of the girls onto the bed with her but that would mean
  that one would be left out. So each night, two girls would sleep on the floor,
  tied together in some unique fashion that would amuse her and keep them entertained
  as well. One night, Alana and Kelly were tied back-to-back but with a soft
  silk rope that ran between their legs and was fastened to a band that went
  around each girl's head. Each head movement would slide the rope through their
  sexes to keep them aroused but they were never able to get the right motion
  going to achieve orgasm. Grace sampled Meredith's charms that night.  
Another night, Meredith and Alana were together on the floor. They were tied
  together facing each other and pressed tightly against one another. With their
  legs tied together, they were unable to achieve a climax but enjoyed the feel
  of their soft bodies against each other and spent the night kissing each other
  until they finally fell asleep. Despite the fact that Kelly was now a slave,
  Grace could not bring herself to having oral sex with her. That seemed to intimate
  and incestuous. But she had no concerns about putting on a strap-on and fucking
  her daughter silly.  
A third night, Alana enjoyed the bed with her mistress and Kelly and Meredith
  were tied together in a sixty nine position. Every time that Alana woke up
  during the night, she heard slurping sounds. In the morning when the girls
  were finally released, a disheveled and bleary-eyed Meredith stood up on wobbly
  legs. "Oh Mistress," Meredith pleaded, "please don't do that to me again. She's
  insane! She never sleeps! She's insatiable!" Kelly just grinned impishly with
  her face still glistening from Meredith's juices.  
Ted returned from the ranch on Friday and was very quiet. He looked sullen
  and confused. Grace decided to sent the girls shopping so she could have some
  time alone with her new partner.  
"It was horrible!" he finally blurted out after Grace had been patiently
  questioning him for over a half hour. "They're demons! They're cruel and sadistic!
  I'm not sure I'm cut out for this lifestyle."  
"There, there," said Grace soothingly. "I'm sure it wasn't as bad as all
  that."  
"It was worse!" he retorted.  
"Now, now," she reassured him. "Maybe if you talk about it, we can sort it
  all out and you can put it in perspective."  
She asked what the best part. As she expected, the answer was the sex. He
  also enjoyed being taught how to use things to heighten a slave's arousal and
  to keep them on the edge. Whips and crops and hot wax were the first things
  he listed. But he also liked learning how to use ropes and cuffs and chains
  and cages.  
"That doesn't seem so bad," she offered. "What didn't you like?"  
"They made me suck cocks!!!!" he wailed.  
"Well, I've done that. It couldn't have been all that bad," she said.  
"It was horrible!" he exclaimed. "And it wasn't just one cock. They had me
  kneel in the middle of six of the masters and I had to give each one a blowjob.
  And they laughed at me and teased me because my cock was hard. It was humiliating.
  I'm not gay but they kept accusing me of that."  
"We know you aren't gay, Ted," Grace replied. "You love pussy too much to
  be gay. You were probably hard the entire five days because you were in such
  an erotic setting. Were you hard all the time?"  
He nodded slowly. "Yes. Most of the time, at least."  
Then he went on to describe some of the other things that happened to him.
  After dinner one night, he had been placed in the same rack that his wife had
  occupied two weeks earlier. Instead of a dog, however, they had a male slave
  fuck his ass as everyone looked on. For some reason, that didn't seem nearly
  as distasteful as sucking cocks, however.  
He had only been treated as a slave for the first two days. For the remainder
  of the time, he was taught to be a master. During his time as a slave, he had
  also had his cock trapped inside a tiny cage as Gretchen massaged him and tried
  to arouse him. He told Grace that was the most uncomfortable massage he had
  ever received.  
As a final exam, he had to demonstrate that he could lovingly but effectively
  control a slave. He was given Gretchen for a twenty four hour period and she
  apparently gave him his final score. "That woman's truly incredible," he said. "It's
  too bad she's a mistress. I'd take out a second mortgage to be able to buy
  her."  
Obviously, Ted had passed his final exam. Grace made a mental note to get
  some feedback from Gretchen. And she made another mental note to figure out
  a way to own the Norse Goddess. She too wanted the blonde mistress as a slave.  
Grace focused Ted back on his two days of slavery. "We know that there were
  some things that you did not like. Were there any things that you did like?"  
Ted thought for a moment. "Well that massage that I told you about was one
  thing. It was torment, but it was delicious torment."  
Grace nodded in understanding. "Go on."  
"I didn't mind being displayed on that cross at dinner. I didn't like what
  happened after dinner, but it was kind of thrilling to be on display and having
  people look at me. And I was erect the entire time," he said proudly.  
"I'm sure you were," smiled Grace. "So let's review. As a slave, you learned
  that you liked some things and you found some things repulsive. You have been
  given some knowledge and some skills that are designed to make you a better
  master. How will you use that?"  
"It made me understand limits," he responded. "Each person has their own
  limits. For me it was cocks attached to other men. For each girl, I have to
  find their limits. I can test a limit and sometimes even stretch it a little.
  But I can't violate it."  
"Good boy," Grace smiled brightly. "You have learned a valuable lesson. There's
  hope for you yet. Now you need to think about what you will tell the girls."  
 
  Chapter 14: A New World Order   
"Well, what's a few cocks among friends?" joked Ted at dinner that night.
  Meredith's eyes were wide open in amazement as he told the story of kneeling
  in the circle of masters. Grace had allowed Meredith to kneel beside her husband
  in case any tender loving care needed to be administered, although she didn't
  disclose her reason to either the master or the slave.  
Meredith remained silent but she was truly amazed. Ted was the most homophobic,
  bigoted, closed-minded person in the world when it came to gay sex. And yet
  she had just heard him describe in a light-hearted way how he had sucked six
  cocks.  
Alana was serving this evening. And Grace had Kelly stand beside her instead
  of kneeling. As Ted related his experiences, Grace used her fingers to stroke
  and probe Kelly's sex. Occasionally, she would raise a glistening finger and
  either rub it around a stiff nipple or have her daughter lick it clean. She
  hoped that this wanton and lewd act would help Ted realize that anything is
  possible. And she hoped that it would help him relax enough to be able to tell
  his story. It seemed to be working.  
It turned out that Ted was a hunter during the weekly event instead of being
  one of the hunted. He seemed to be as enthusiastic about the event as his wife
  had been. And being reminded of the event caused Meredith to slip beneath the
  table and place her palms on his thighs. "May I pleasure you, Master?" she
  asked.  
Ted gave his consent and then went on to describe his hunting prowess and
  how he had deftly stalked his prey. And then he described his first kill. Alana
  bit her lower lip to try to maintain her composure but Kelly burst out in laughter.  
"I had this sweet young thing dead in my sights. She was beautiful as she
  ran across the field and I was leading her perfectly. And then, just as I pulled
  the trigger, she fell and I shot this guy. It was disgusting!"  
"But I kept hunting. I never found her again but I found her sister. And
  I bagged her. So after the dinner, I took them back with me. I let him use
  his mouth to get me hard and then I fucked her silly. Then I had her use her
  mouth to get me hard and I fucked him silly."  
"Wow!" was all that Meredith could think as she slipped her lips up and down
  her husband's cock as he sat at the table. "Maybe I underestimated him."  
Dinner was completed and Grace sent the girls into the kitchen to clean up.
  She invited Ted into the living room where they sat together in the couch.
  She leaned over and kissed his cheek. "Well done, Master Edward. I think that
  the girls will respond nicely to you now."  
Chapter 15: Business Opportunity  
Another month went by in the happy harem. Each of the girls was content and
  each of the owners was very happy with their property. On the weekends, the
  girls toiled away on Alana's house and were getting close to finishing the
  easy work on the inside. They knew that there was more work on the outside
  and wondered how they would handle that. They had become accustomed to working
  naked but they knew that the other neighbors would probably object to that
  when they worked in the flower beds.  
During the week, the girls pursued their own separate interests. Alana designed
  buildings. Meredith had taken up a new interest in organizing charity events.
  And Ted had convinced Kelly to go to college, so she spent most days in class
  or studying.  
In the evenings, however, they were all naked and beautiful slavegirls who
  existed purely for the enjoyment of Grace and Ted. They prepared and served
  dinner together. They entertained their owners with either a dance or some
  sexual performance each evening. And they warmed the beds of their owners.
  Everything was perfect in everyone's mind.  
On an evening when Ted, or Master Edward as he had become known as, wanted
  Kelly and Meredith. Grace agreed and took Alana to bed, although they slept
  in Alana's new master suite, complete with a huge master bath and a king-size
  bed.  
As Alana laid cuddled up against her Mistress, Grace laid out an idea. "Pet,
  I received a call today from Master Charles. He was looking for help in designing
  a new event hall and he wanted to know if I knew of anyone who could help.
  Mind you, I never told him that you were an architect. So it's fine if you
  say no."  
"What is he looking for in the new hall, Mistress?" she asked.  
"I don't know, little one. Maybe that's something you should ask him yourself."  
"Yes, Mistress," she replied and then she resumed her licking of her mistress'
  sex.  
Alana was quickly becoming Grace's favorite. All of the girls were beautiful,
  pleasing and obedient. But Alana somehow had an elegance about her. She carried
  herself proudly even when she may feel embarrassment or humiliation. She truly
  was Grace's slave princess.  
She had to hide he favoritism from the girls, however. She was worried about
  Meredith. Meredith was the oldest of the slaves, although only a year older
  than Alana. She was beautiful by anyone's standards and, since the girls' visit
  to the ranch, Grace had received more offers to buy Meredith than either of
  the other two. But she was afraid that Meredith might somehow start to feel
  inferior if she knew of Grace's affection for Alana, especially because of
  Ted's interest in the other girls. Grace attributed Ted's behavior to the "green
  pastures syndrome." Ted and Meredith had been married for several years and,
  all of a sudden, two beautiful women were dropped into his lap; literally.
  She made a mental note to talk to Ted. Perhaps he should spend more time alone
  with his wife.  
Kelly had adjusted very nicely to the change from being a mistress to being
  a slave. In fact, she seemed even freer in her new role. Even though she had
  been reluctant and even pouty at the ranch, she had turned out to be the most
  carefree and adventurous of the trio. She certainly was the most energetic,
  which sometimes earned her punishments.  
Kelly was the one who kept reminding Grace that they still needed to be registered.
  And she was the only one who was excited when she learned that the branding
  iron had arrived. She was disappointed, however, when she learned that the
  mark was to be placed on her bottom. She had wanted it to be more prominent
  and Grace was convinced that she would have worn the little lopsided heart
  emblem in the middle of her forehead if she had been left to decide.  
Grace scheduled a visit to the ranch to introduce Alana as an architect.
  Charles only knew her as a beautiful slavegirl. Ted bowed out so Grace left
  Kelly with him and took Alana and Meredith with her.  
Despite being introduced in her role as a professional, Alana was naked.
  At least she and Meredith were allowed to sit at the table. It would have been
  difficult to take notes while kneeling. She interviewed the master for over
  an hour to get an understanding of what he was looking for and then he led
  the three women on a tour so that Alana could get a feel for the setting.  
As she walked around, Meredith realized that two months earlier, she never
  would have considered walking outside naked. Now, as she passed the staff members
  and a few slaves, it seemed quite normal to have nothing but a collar on her.
  And she could feel her sex getting wet as the familiar surroundings reminded
  her of those erotic three weeks at the ranch.  
Alana realized that her reference books would not help her design this building.
  It was definitely something she had never seen or heard of before. It was to
  have an amphitheater, a dungeon and facilities for exercising slaves. The floors
  needed to be designed so that no blood or other bodily fluids would stain them.
  It also needed numerous small rooms, several of which would be used as cells
  for holding slaves and the rest would be classrooms. Master Charles wanted
  the building to be both magnificent and nondescript. "I want it to be something
  to be proud of but I don't want it to be attracting a lot of visitors and tourists." Alana
  finished taking her notes and then blushed as she tried to put her pencil away
  before she realized that she had no pockets. She ended up tucking it behind
  an ear.  
"I will have the preliminary drawings and sketches for you next weekend,
  Master," she told him. "We can make whatever alterations are needed then."  
"I want that girl!" Charles exclaimed to Grace after she had sent the girls
  back to the car to wait for her. "Hell, I'll take either one of them! Hell,
  I'll take any of the three! You have no idea how lucky you are to own those
  three little morsels. I still have people calling each week to see if they're
  going to be featured in the hunt."  
Grace laughed. "It's always nice to hear that my girls have made a good impression.
  I'll think about it. Maybe we can make some kind of trade. One of my girls
  for Gretchen, perhaps?"  
"But&hellip;." Sputtered Charles.  
Grace cut him short. "Think about it, Charles. Now, I must be on my way." With
  that, she turned and walked to the car to join her slaves.  
"I miss that place, Mistress," announced Meredith when they were halfway
  back to town. This drew an immediate reaction from Alana who was startled by
  the admission, but she remained silent.  
"What do you miss about it, pet?" asked Grace.  
"Everything, Mistress. The excitement and the thrills. I honestly have never
  felt sexier or more alive than when I was there. I know you probably think
  I'm being silly."  
"No, love," reassured Grace. "I don't think you're silly at all. I think
  you're beautiful. A beautiful, loving slave. I could return you easily. I could
  sell you to the ranch if that would make you happy."  
This brought a gasp from Meredith who quickly responded. "Thank you Mistress,
  but I don't think I want to be sold. I would like to return from time to time,
  though."  
"Consider it done. I'll phone Charles as soon as we get home. Maybe I can
  deliver you tomorrow and then pick you up next weekend when Alana delivers
  her plans."  
Meredith squealed excitedly and jumped up and down in her seat. "Oh thank
  you Mistress!"  
The rest of the drive was mostly made in silence. Grace continued to marvel
  at the way that the three girls had adjusted to their slavery. Each was different
  but each seemed to blossom in their own way. Alana spent the rest of the ride
  trying to figure out how Meredith could want to go back there. She remembered
  the humiliations and the punishments and especially watching her breasts being
  skewered before her very own eyes. Meredith spent the rest of the ride anticipating
  her upcoming week and wondered if the German Shepherd would still be there.  
Alana spent her free time in the evenings working on the plans for the new
  building. Her free time was limited because of the demands of her owners, but
  she still found time to work on the design. She had gone through what seemed
  like reams of paper, much of which was crumpled up on the floor below her as
  she tried out different ideas. Nothing seemed to work at first, but then, a
  vision began to form and come together. By Saturday, she was ready to present
  the concept drawings to Master Charles.  
"The concept is to maximize versatility, Master," she explained as she stood
  naked at the table. "I have designed it to accommodate the various types of
  events that could be held here but also to be of use when there are no events
  scheduled." She then went on to describe how the different spaces within the
  building could be used and altered for various purposes. Charles and Grace
  listened intently as the naked architect went over the details.  
"It's brilliant!" Charles finally declared as he reached around Alana, grasping
  one of her breasts to use as a handle and pulled her toward him. "There's not
  a thing about it that I would change."  
Grace smiled proudly as she watched the master running his hands up Alana's
  sleek and shapely body. She stood still as she was fondled and groped by the
  master and felt her heat rising from the attention.  
"Thank you, Master. I'm glad that you approve."  
"When can we start building?" he asked as his hand cupped her sex.  
"Oh," responded Alana. "I'm not sure, Master. I can quickly complete the
  design but then you will have to line up a contractor and a supervising engineer."  
By the end of the discussion, Alana had been recruited to supervise the project.
  She would be in charge of selecting the contractors and monitoring quality
  and progress. This had Alana's head spinning because she had never been involved
  in this aspect of a new building. That was always left to the more senior partners
  in the firm.  
As the discussions died down, Meredith was brought in. She had just spent
  a week at the ranch and looked positively radiant. Her posture had always been
  good but now it was perfect. Her motions had always been graceful but now they
  were fluid. Her smile had always been beautiful but now it was infectious.
  And her eyes sparkled.  
In addition to her collar, she now had some new jewelry. A gold hoop passed
  through each nipple and hung down, far away from her chest because of her ample
  breasts. And she displayed the new ornaments proudly by thrusting her chest
  forward.  
Alana smiled and rushed forward to hug her slave sister, feeling the cool
  metal of the hoops against her own naked breasts.  
"So did you figure out the new hall, sis?" asked Meredith.  
"I think so," replied Alana. "You look beautiful. Stunning. Incredible!"  
"Alana has done a wonderful job," said Charles. "And she's going to manage
  the construction for us."  
"Oooooooooooo that's great! Maybe I can come out and keep you company?"  
"I'd like that," smiled Alana as she kissed Meredith.  
"You wouldn't have believed the hunt this week," Charles told Grace as he
  walked her to the car. "I let the word out on Sunday that one of your girls
  would be in the hunt this week. Their reputations must have spread and the
  news must have spread like wildfire. We had 150 hunters on Wednesday. That's
  more than twice as many as we've ever had."  
"That's very flattering, Charles," replied Grace. "It's nice to know that
  my girls are appreciated and admired."  
"Appreciated and admired?" said Charles incredulously. "They're almost worshipped.
  They are like cult idols! It's a good thing Meredith was bagged by mid-afternoon.
  We had so many hunters that I had to impose a one-kill limit on the hunt. I
  swear, nobody took a shot until after she had been claimed. If she had evaded
  the hunters like she did the other time, all of the slaves would still be out
  there roaming the range."  
Chapter 16: Molding the Slaves  
The girls had become comfortable with their new status in life and Grace
  decided that it was time to tighten down on them a little more. Grace toured
  each of the three houses with the girls and gathered all undergarments into
  plastic bags, which were set out by the curb on garbage day. They were no longer
  allowed to wear bras or panties for any occasion.  
She also wanted to "lean them up" a little, although she knew that there
  was no extra fat on any of them. But she wanted to tighten up their waists
  to enhance their hourglass figures. So each evening when Alana got home, the
  three girls would spend at least an hour in strenuous exercise.  
Three treadmills were bought, along with exercise mats and various other
  pieces of equipment. Grace's basement was converted into a gym where muscles
  were toned and inches were lost. Grace especially enjoyed it when she would
  get the three girls onto the treadmills for their nightly jog. They looked
  exquisite as their bodies glistened with sweat. Meredith and Kelly would wear
  their hair in ponytails, which would bounce and sway with each step. And three
  pairs of beautiful bouncing breasts would move as if they had minds of their
  own.  
After a couple of weeks of toning, Grace had them start running outside.
  For this, they were allowed to wear tight running shorts and cropped t-shirts.
  The breasts may have been mostly covered during these runs, but the bouncing
  was still quite evident.  
All during this time, Alana was also working at the firm five days a week
  and spent most weekends at the ranch. She was so busy that she never even noticed
  that Grace had started to exert even more control over her life. Even if she
  had noticed, she might not have cared. Meredith and Kelly never had an inkling
  that their slavery was growing deeper.  
Alana would drive to the ranch on Friday nights after exercising with her
  slave sisters and would return on Sunday afternoons in time for the workout
  sessions. During the drives, she had to remain naked, although Grace allowed
  her to keep a light jacked draped over the back of her seat in case anything
  unexpected happened.  
Once at the ranch, she had the rank of privileged slave. She was not forced
  to live in a cage or cell and she was not typically bound or chained during
  the day. She caused quite a stir among the workmen at first as she would inspect
  the site and progress of the project wearing nothing but her collar, a hardhat
  and safety shoes, but after several weeks, the workers became more accustomed
  to having a naked woman walking among them and talking to them. They still
  took every opportunity to eye her and admire her exquisite form, however, and
  most of them found themselves staring at her breasts during their conferences
  with her.  
At night, she served as slaves do. She would find herself kneeling at the
  feet of a master or mistress, being displayed at an event, being used for some
  form of entertainment, or simply being a bed warmer and sex toy for one of
  the dominants.  
She had grown accustomed to clamps and clothespins and now actually found
  some arousal in them. The whippings and floggings were even tolerable, although
  on the two occasions when she was caned, she thought she was going to die.
  She still had trouble getting used to watching her breasts being skewered by
  the long slender needles but it was mostly the horror of the sight that bothered
  her. It was actually not all that painful.  
She had somehow been spared from the bestiality during her first visit to
  the ranch and had watched as her two slave sisters had been raped by the dogs.
  But that was eventually evened out one weekend when Alana was the dinner-time
  entertainment and was mated with a Doberman. It wasn't as horrible as she expected
  but she did talk to Meredith when she returned home to find out what her slave
  sister saw in it.  
Grace had driven Alana out one weekend and intended to spend a relaxing two
  days at the ranch. Ted was left to tend to the other two girls. Grace had arranged
  to "borrow" Gretchen, for one night, much to Gretchen's surprise and Grace
  realized that this woman would need a lot of taming if she were to end up owning
  the beautiful blonde. The only reason that Grace was able to remain the dominant
  in the relationship that night was that Gretchen had her hands and elbows bound
  behind her back.  
"Little Alana's getting a lot of attention these days," Charles told Grace
  after breakfast on Saturday.  
"Oh?" replied Grace. "How so?"  
"Seems that the word has gotten out about her project. You know, we have
  the designs and sketches hanging up in the dining hall. And we get a lot of
  new folks through here each week. I guess someone talks to someone who talks
  to someone else. I get four or five calls a day now and it keeps growing. Alana
  appears to be the architect of choice for dungeons, playrooms and D/S clubs
  all over the world.  
"Really?" exclaimed Grace. "I had no idea she was that good." But the brief
  discussion started a new idea for Grace.  
"She's the best!" proclaimed Charles. "And I mean outside of the bed also."  
Sunday night, Grace felt obligated to spend some time with Meredith and Kelly
  since she had been away for the weekend. But she was tired and not in the mood
  to use her two pets. So she had them play with each other as she watched.  
Kelly was becoming increasingly talented and used her tongue to give Meredith
  an orgasm in what seemed like record time. Meredith was equally talented but
  chose to prolong Kelly's ecstasy. She moved from sex to breasts to lips and
  then back down to start over again and kept this up for over an hour. Kelly
  was moaning and writhing and begging for release. Meredith finally granted
  the request, biting down on Kelly's sensitive clit to hold it with her teeth,
  sending Kelly into an earth-shattering orgasm and eliciting a high-pitched
  squeal out of her. Afterwards, Grace lay in the middle of the bed with a slavegirl
  on either side of her acting as bookmarks. On Monday night, Grace sent for
  Alana.  
"Yes Mistress?" asked Alana as she entered the bedroom and knelt at Grace's
  feet. Grace admired her favorite slavegirl for a few moments before she started
  the conversation. Alana had turned a nice golden almond color from her naked
  days in the sun at the ranch. Her platinum hair was set off nicely against
  the soft tanned flesh. Alana had just bathed and the other two slaves had oiled
  her body, creating an exotic, glistening treasure for their mistress.  
Grace liked to hold Alana's breasts as they talked together so she leaned
  forward and lifted a golden orb in each hand, letting her thumbs rest on the
  stiffening nipples. "Master Charles loves your work, pet," Grace started as
  she leaned further and kissed Alana's platinum blonde bangs. "I'm very proud
  of you."  
"Thank you, Mistress, came the demure response.  
"He also told me that he is getting phone calls from all over the world from
  people who want you to design their projects."  
"Really, Mistress?" asked an incredulous slavegirl. She always thought that
  her work was good, but never on a level that would warrant worldwide attention.  
"Really, little one," assured Grace. "He said two of them want to get started
  right away. One project is in California. The other is in France."  
"Wow!" gasped Alana but was otherwise speechless.  
"There are others who want to hire you for consultations in New York and
  Australia and Singapore."  
Alana's eyes were open wide at this news. "That's great, Mistress. That's
  very flattering. I can hardly wait to start." And then she paused. "Oh. But
  I can't. The firm wouldn't approve of me doing that kind of work."  
"Oh, but you can," corrected Grace. "Tomorrow morning, you are going to resign.
  And tomorrow afternoon, you are going to start Montcliff Design. Or whatever
  other name you want. Maybe Dungeons by Design or something."  
Alana giggled at the afterthought but then shook her head. "I really can't,
  Mistress. I'd never make it out there alone. That never works in architecture."  
"Well, first of all, love," replied Grace, "you are not going to be alone.
  I'll still be with you, as will your slave sisters. Second, you can make it.
  The reason people aren't successful on their own is they don't have clients.
  You have tons of them. And thirdly, I have decided that you will do it. Who
  owns your body, mind and soul?"  
"You do, Mistress," came the whispered response.  
"That's right," nodded Grace. "And who makes all of the decisions for you?"  
"You do, Mistress."  
"And if I have decided that you'll do this, what will you do?"  
"Do it, Mistress."  
"Good girl," smiled Grace as she gave each succulent breast a squeeze and
  leaned down to kiss her pet. Alana closed her eyes and just surrendered to
  the moment, enjoying the attentions of her owner.  
Chapter 17: Slaves, Inc.  
Alana was due back from France the next day and Grace had been busy making
  more changes in the flock. She finally had a talk with Ted about how he was
  treating his wife. It wasn't as if the man was abusive. He was just neglectful.
  He didn't give her the attention that a wife should receive. He seemed to be
  totally enamored with Kelly's tight young body.  
In one way, Grace didn't mind. She loved Meredith and loved spending time
  with the slavegirl. She also still had trouble with the incest implications
  of directly owning her own daughter. It was one thing to fondle her. And, occasionally,
  she would masturbate her daughter with her fingers. Kelly didn't mind and even
  seemed to thrive on it. But it still gnawed at her.  
She met with Ted one evening and laid out her concerns to him. At first,
  he laughed it off, saying that she had no idea how he felt about his wife or
  how he treated her. Then, he told her it was none of her business.  
"But it is my business, Ted," corrected Grace. "Slavery is my only business
  and she is one of my assets. I will always act in the best interest of my business
  and protect my assets." Then she laid down her ultimatum. Ted had two weeks
  to demonstrate to her that he had changed his behavior. If he did not, then
  she would take action.  
Ted wanted to know what the "or else" was but Grace ended the conversation,
  dismissing her partner. In her mind, she knew that she had two possible sanctions.
  The first was to exercise her option to buy Kelly. She had made sure that the
  contract for Kelly included a provision that would allow her to buy her daughter,
  for any reason, for one dollar. If Ted had questioned her about that, she would
  have simply explained that she was Kelly's mother and should be allowed to
  buy freedom for her daughter if she felt she had made a mistake. But Ted never
  raised the issue, so she was convinced that he signed the papers but never
  even read them. Meredith's deed of ownership contained no such clause. So Ted
  could potentially be left without a slave and without a wife.  
Her second option was more drastic, but she had already talked this one over
  with Charles. If need be, she would have some handlers from the ranch collect
  Ted and put him through rigorous training. Ted would become a slave. If he
  could be tamed and trained enough that he could be returned to her, that would
  be preferable. If not, then he would be sold. If sold, his slavery would likely
  be significantly different than it would be with her. He would probably end
  up working in some mine in Africa or picking poppies in Asia. Either that,
  or he would become an organ donor and watch as his body was dismantled and
  the parts sent around the world to people who could use them.  
Grace handled all business arrangements for the new architecture firm. She
  conducted the negotiations, set the prices, laid out the terms, and scheduled
  Alana's time. The biggest risk in sending Alana out on consultations was that
  these people might decide to keep her, so she drafted elaborate contracts that
  always made it clear that her slave was to be returned to her. Attached as
  an exhibit to the contract was a detailed list of what could and what could
  not be done to her property during her visit.  
Meredith was currently playing more of a domestic role, but Grace planned
  to change that. The girl was just too bright to be doing nothing but laundry
  and cooking and the like. But she did seem to enjoy being the naked gardener
  and had created beautiful flower beds and vegetable gardens in each of the
  backyards. Grace had modified the fences in each of the yards. She had the
  fences heightened to provide a little more privacy and had removed the fences
  between the three yards. Now, the three houses formed a sort of compound. Despite
  the higher fences, however, Meredith still had to be careful not to be seen
  and sometimes, much to her dismay, she even had to wear clothes.  
But Meredith's talents could be put to better use. Grace could buy or capture
  another girl to take care of the mundane tasks. Maybe Ted could even be put
  to use on those tasks if he returned. Grace planned for Meredith to become
  Alana's field assistant. When it came time to start designing a building, Alana
  would have to revisit a site, or a building if it was to be a remodel, and
  take vast numbers of measurements and pictures. Meredith could be trained to
  help with this and maybe even take on that role to free up Alana for more productive
  uses.  
Kelly was taking on a lot of the inside jobs. She was the receptionist, file
  clerk, and typist. When supplies were needed, she ran to the store to get them.
  If prints needed to be delivered, she was the courier. But Grace wanted to
  use her to better advantage also. She had already talked to Alana about it
  before the slave was sent to France and Alana planned on teaching Kelly how
  to do the drawings and specifications on the computer when she returned.  
As Grace was going over all of the upcoming changes, Alana was sitting on
  a plan over the Atlantic, heading home and reflecting on her past week at a
  chateau outside of Nice. As was usual during her consultations, she remained
  naked during most of the trip. Grace described this as an added benefit to
  the client. Grace believed that her nudity and the fact that she as a salve
  and could be used as a slave by the client, coupled with Alana's brilliant
  designs, gave Montcliff Designs a huge competitive advantage that would be
  difficult, if not impossible, to beat.  
The client wanted a dungeon but didn't know what he wanted in a dungeon.
  So Grace had arranged a one week consultation with Alana. Then, through Charles,
  she had arranged tours of four of the best dungeons in Europe. So, for five
  days, she had traveled around Europe to see various designs and to gain ideas.
  In a whirlwind tour, she got to see Hamburg, Stockholm, Geneva and Paris. Every
  time a new device or toy was seen, it fell upon Alana to test it. And then,
  during the next leg of the journey, they would discuss what they saw and Alana
  would take notes and make sketches.  
The dungeon owners were only too happy to show off their private dens of
  torture and captivity. They were all quite proud of their dungeons. And having
  a beautiful naked slave to try out the equipment made it a truly exquisite
  event for them.  
One of the dungeons had and iron maiden in which she was locked as the host
  and her client took a break to enjoy wine and a cigar. She did not like that
  confinement at all, especially because of the tiny needles that lined the inside
  and pricked her with any slight movement.  
Another of the dungeons had a medieval rack and Alana was stretched so tight
  that she thought her joints would be dislocated. She was left in this position
  for about thirty minutes while the host's teenage son and daughter played delightedly
  with her vulnerable body. Because she was strung so tightly, they could not
  get to her bottom, but not an inch of her front was spared as they pinched
  and stroked and suckled to their hearts content until she shrieked in a wild
  climax.  
Yet another dungeon seemed to thrive on the high tech side of S/M. Alana
  found herself strapped into a chair with wires taped to various parts of her
  body. When she sat down in the chair, she was carefully positioned by a male
  slave to make sure that the two phalluses sticking up from the chair ended
  up in the right place. She was told by her Swiss host that her pleasure or
  pain would be decided by her. What she had to do was sense a vibration and
  then squeeze tightly on whatever was vibrating for as long as it vibrating.
  The Swiss Master demonstrating by pressing buttons that caused the dildo in
  her sex to vibrate for a moment and then the one in her bottom.  
"If you squeeze tightly enough, you will receive pleasure," he told her. "If
  you don't, it could be very painful." Then the host and her client left the
  room, but she was sure that they were watching. After several moments of waiting,
  the dildo lodged in her sex started to move and she clamped down on it lightly
  with her sex. This was obviously not enough because jolts of electricity started
  coursing through her body causing her to stiffen and spasm at the same time.
  She felt like her breasts and labia were being burned off. But it quickly stopped.  
"Do you understand the game now, dear?" asked the thick accent.  
"Yes Master," she gasped. "I will try to do better."  
The one in her bottom started to vibrate and she squeezed it tightly with
  her sphincter and clamped it with her bottom cheeks as well. No jolting shocks
  were felt that time.  
"You did very well," said the accent.  
This continued on for over an hour. By the end, Alana looked like a drowned
  rat from all of the perspiration and was totally exhausted. She had only endured
  the electricity a half dozen times but they were enough to give her motivation
  to squeeze the hell out of anything that they shoved in her body.  
The tour finally ended and Alana had a chance to finally enjoy a little bit
  of the French Riviera. The chateau was on the water and she spent two days
  enjoying the rocky beach. Most of the women were topless on the beach and nobody
  seemed to even notice that Alana was totally naked. Before leaving for home,
  she showed her client some rough concept drawings for his dungeon and he decided
  on the spot that he wanted her to be the architect. Alana said her goodbyes
  and thank yous. Then she got on the plane and headed home.  
Now she was wondering if she got the job because of her design or because
  he enjoyed torturing her. If she agreed to create the space, would it be because
  of her mind or her body. She would talk it over with Grace although she already
  knew that Grace didn't care why they did it, as long as they did it.  
Chapter 18: Domestic Help  
Three weeks later, Alana was at the ranch checking the progress of the new
  facility. The foundation and structure had been finished long ago. The interior
  spaces had been created and now the workmen were applying the finishes. Since
  this had been her launching project, she paid particular attention to it to
  make sure that it was perfect. Striding through the building in her collar,
  boots and hardhat, she inspected every detail. She gave new instructions to
  the workmen and reprimanded them when they had ignored old instructions. To
  the men and women on the job, it was hard to imagine that this naked architect
  was a slave. To them, she was a slave driver. She demanded perfection. And
  they gave it to her.  
After her initial walk through the building, she went searching for Master
  Charles to give him an update. It would only take another week until the new
  facility would be ready for his use and she wanted to let him know that he
  could start scheduling events for it.  
Clomping across the yard in her boots and holding her hardhat in a hand,
  she spied a familiar face and walked over to talk. "Hi Ted," she said. "How
  are you adjusting?"  
Ted was not in a talkative mood, however. He was lashed in an upright spread-eagle
  position inside of a frame with all of his limbs pulled tightly toward the
  corners of the frame. Sprouting from his lips was a little bit of the ball
  gag that was lodged in his mouth, preventing him from responding to the slave
  that he used to enjoy in his bed. And dangling beneath him were heavy weights
  that were suspended by a rope that was tied around the base of his scrotum.  
Alana lifted his limp cock in her hand and stroked it with the fingers of
  her other hand. "Mistress told me why you are here. And I agree with her. Meredith
  is too special to ignore like that. But don't you worry. We'll take good care
  of her. And if you behave yourself here, you can come back and help take care
  of her too."  
The cock stiffened instinctively at Alana's touch but she released it when
  it gained full erection. Then she kissed Ted's cheek and turned to walk away. "I'll
  see you in a few weeks."  
Master Charles was delighted at the news of the progress. "I'll have to call
  Grace and have you and your sisters join us for the first event."  
"Thank you Master," replied Alana appropriately. "I'm sure they will be flattered
  at the invitation."  
Charles walked up to the amazing beauty and reached around her grasping her
  bottom in both hands and squeezing. "Do you have any idea how valuable you
  are?"  
Alana was taken aback, not by the groping but by the question. She was accustomed
  to people helping themselves to her body by this point. "No Master. I'm not
  even sure what you are talking about."  
"Well I need to show you some things. Although you have to promise never
  to tell Grace that I showed these to you."  
Alana's eyes opened wide in surprise. "Master, I don't know that I can keep
  secrets from Mistress."  
Charles smiled and patted her on the head. "This is a good secret, girl.
  But if you feel that you have to tell her, then tell her. What can she do to
  me? Enslave me?"  
Charles led her into his office and pulled out a folder with her name on
  it. Inside were letters and emails that he spread across the desk. "These are
  offers to buy you," he said, sending a chill down her spine immediately.  
"Oh," she responded.  
"Don't worry, girl. She has rejected all of them and has said that she will
  continue to reject all offers. But you need to see them so that you know how
  much your owner loves you." He proceeded to lay them out one at a time so that
  she could look at them. The lowest one that she saw was a million dollars.
  Each one after that increased in value. She saw a five million dollar one from
  when she had first been at the ranch and that caused her to gasp.  
"Oh," said Charles. "That's pocket change."  
Each new email or letter brought a higher value. A man in St. Petersburg
  offered seven million dollars. A woman in Madrid offered nine million dollars.
  A couple in Washington State offered eleven million dollars and planned for
  her to be a gift to their thirteen year old daughter. She was to be a birthday
  present again.  
The second to last offer was dated the day before and was from her client
  in Nice. He offered seventeen million dollars to own her and had offered to
  make her available to the ranch on selected occasions.  
"Pretty impressive, huh?" asked Charles.  
"Yes, Master," replied Alana. "Kind of scary too though."  
"Yes, I'm sure it is," he said. "But this last one tops them all."  
He laid out the last offer, which was accompanied by a contract and a bill
  of sale. The offer was for twenty five million dollars and was from a K C Cartwright.  
"Wow!" gasped Alana. "That's a lot of money. And I don't think that I even
  know him."  
"Yes it is," agreed Charles. "But it's a her. Not a him."  
This elicited another gasp from Alana.  
After a month at the ranch, Ted was returned to Grace with assurances that
  he would take him back and sell him if there were any problems. "I think you'll
  find him very trainable. We erased him clean and then started to rebuild him.
  But only a little. We figured you would want to program him yourself. But you
  will find that he does like wearing maid outfits and he does like sucking cocks.
  We can take him back and erase that too, though, if you would prefer."  
Grace laughed as she tried to picture Ted in a maid's outfit. "No Charles.
  I'm sure he'll be fine. I'll take him home and call you if I have any questions
  or problems."  
Meredith was freed from all domestic chores and "Edwina" took over the housekeeping.
  Grace kept Ted in the maid outfit most of the time, but also had him naked
  at times. This would be a new challenge for her. She knew how to transform
  women into her toys and tools. But doing the same thing with a man would be
  an exciting adventure. Should she make him into a slathering, babbling, groveling
  worthless soul? Should she use him sexually for the gratification of her girls?
  Should she turn him over to the males that she knew for their entertainment?
  Maybe she should feminize him. If his body hair was removed and the hair on
  his head was allowed to grow longer, then breasts would probably look nice
  on her. Decisions, decisions. She would have to sleep on that.  
Chapter 19: Another New Beginning  
Grace was almost as excited as the girls as they sped toward the airport.
  A limousine had picked them up at home and was taking them to a private jet
  located at a small, private airport outside of town. From there, the jet would
  deliver all four of them to a Caribbean island for one of Alana's consultations.
  Grace had gotten to know the owner of the island well over the phone during
  the previous weeks as terms and conditions were negotiated and established.
  And she readily accepted the invitation when Katherine Powell invited the rest
  of her girls to come along. It would be a nice break and she would get to see
  Alana in action.  
Ted would be left behind to tend the yards and continue the work in Alana's
  house. Grace had ordered Ted to quit his job so that he had more time for menial
  tasks at home. His current project was stripping the floor in Alana's kitchen
  of the hideous linoleum so that hardwood could be laid.  
Grace was not concerned about Ted escaping in her absence. Where would he
  go? Besides, she didn't care if he escaped or not. She felt no affection for
  the man and knew that she could easily replace him if he disappeared. The only
  risk was that he could go to the police, but she thought that risk was minimal.
  Charles had so many incriminating photos and videos of the man that Ted would
  be foolish to try to make his slavery public. He would become a laughing stock
  if the documentation was ever released. Instead of being viewed as a victim,
  he would be seen as a pervert after the pictures of him involved in gay sex
  and him giving a blowjob to a horse were leaked.  
Katherine had assured Grace that the runway would be secluded and that the
  staff on the jet was accustomed to naked slaves, so she could bring her girls
  naked if she desired. Grace had her three nude beauties in the back of the
  limousine as they sped toward the airport. "It sure makes packing for a trip
  easier," she mused to herself. Each girl had a small bag with a toothbrush
  and some cosmetics but nothing else. Grace could have even packed all of their
  things in her suitcase but decided that it would look cute to have each of
  them walking around with nothing but a handbag slung over their shoulders.  
The car finally pulled alongside a sleek silver jet standing alone on the
  tarmac. The driver opened the door and held out his hand to assist Grace who
  got out, followed by the three girls wearing nothing but collars, their handbags
  and smiles.  
"Oh, my gosh!" exclaimed Kelly as she saw the jet. "This is so exciting!"  
Grace led her flock to the staircase and then onto the plane where a near-naked
  attendant greeted them. "Mistress sends her greetings," she said, "and wishes
  you a pleasant flight. She said to tell you that she would meet you at the
  airstrip when we land."  
Grace eyed the girl admiringly and noted that Katherine Powell had good taste
  in slaves and a playful sense of humor. The girl wore high heels, a tiny apron
  around her waist that did not even extend low enough to cover her bald sex,
  a flight attendant's cap, and a name badge. The badge, however, was pinned
  to the girl's breast. A gold ring was fitted into the flight attendant's right
  nipple. The name tag was pinned through the piercing in her left breast and
  announced that her name was Amy. Amy's breasts were a bit smaller than what
  Grace preferred in her slaves but were nicely formed.  
"Thank you, Amy. We look forward to the trip and to meeting your mistress."  
Everyone strapped into their seats and the plane was soon in the air. Amy
  tended to everyone's needs, providing refreshments or a tongue as desired.
  Within four hours, the plan was descending and all four women had their noses
  pressed to the windows to admire the bright blue water below and to try to
  catch a first glimpse of their destination.  
"Welcome to our island," their hostess greeted them. "I'm Katherine Powell,
  but you can call me KC." This caused Alana to raise her eyebrows. That name
  sounded familiar but she couldn't place it.  
KC stepped forward and hugged Grace, giving her a kiss on the cheek. Grace
  did not mind this uninvited intimacy at all, though. Their hostess was an elegant
  and beautiful woman and was probably about Grace's own age. Plus, she was half
  naked, which won Grace's immediate approval. Their hostess was wearing a sarong
  that was draped over one shoulder and left one breast naked and barely covered
  her sex. She was wearing what an X-rated version of what Tarzan's Jane might
  wear.  
"We are rather informal," she explained as she saw Kelly's jaw hanging and
  saw her eyes glued to the naked breast. In Kelly's defense, she had only seen
  slaves being exposed. The only exposure that she had seen a master or mistress
  was in a bedroom or some other venue where they intended to have sex.  
Grace smiled. "I love the effect. It becomes you. I'm sure we will love it
  here and I wanted to thank you for allowing us all to come."  
Katherine smiled. "On this island, you can cum as often as you like. But
  we do have some rules here. I will have Amy take the girls to their quarters
  and we can return to mine to discuss them."  
KC and Grace enjoyed some lemonade together on the veranda of KC's villa
  and gazed out at the blue sea. The hostess explained that the island was owned
  by a group of wealthy women who enjoyed the wealth and the time to dabble in
  slavery. Slaves were brought here and could be played with without all of the
  hassles and prying eyes and judgments that were normally experienced elsewhere
  in the world. Although technically, the island was part of one of the lesser
  countries of the Caribbean, officials never visited so it was almost like owning
  your own country.  
On the island, slaves had specific owners but were available to all. Slaves
  were to be kept bound in some way at all times, but most of the time that meant
  that their hands were tied in front of them. It was too difficult for them
  to work with any other type of bondage. She admitted, however, that this rule
  might have to be broken for the "lovely young architect."  
"She really is a beauty. Wherever did you find her?"  
Grace smiled. "Thank you. And yes she is beautiful. I guess I just live in
  a good neighborhood. She lives next door."  
"Oh," responded KC. "So you didn't buy her?"  
"No. I captured her. One of the best things I have ever done."  
KC went on to explain that there was a form of hierarchy of mistresses. The
  governing council wore the sarong over one shoulder, although they were allowed
  to wear less if they desired. Full members wore the sarong tied around their
  waist, leaving their upper body bare. Initiates or trial members wore nothing.  
"I will be asking you if you want to join at the end of your visit. You will
  be able to experience the island paradise until then. And as a guest, you are
  not obligated to follow our guest code. But you should feel free to consider
  yourself an initiate if you would like.  
Grace listened to all of this intently and realized that she had just been
  invited to strip off her clothes. "Oh well," she thought. "Might as well go
  native."  
"Thank you," replied Grace, "I'm sure that I would be delighted to join your
  society. And I think that I would like to experience it as an initiate, if
  you don't mind."  
"I don't mind at all," smiled KC. And she watched as Grace arose and removed
  her clothing, folding it neatly on a nearby chair. Once naked, Grace slowly
  turned, displaying herself to her hostess.  
"You look magnificent," commented KC. "You look positively ownable!"  
Grace smiled at what she assumed to be a compliment and even found herself
  blushing slightly. "Thank you, KC," she replied demurely.  
"I mean it. It's a good thing that you aren't bound in some way or you would
  be snapped up in a heartbeat by half the owners here."  
KC led Grace on a tour of the compound. Then they walked to the top of the
  hill and KC was able to point out the rest of the facilities. The whole island
  was visible from the crest and the sight was breathtaking.  
"This is such a wonderful place," remarked Grace. "So peaceful." That last
  comment, however, was interrupted by a shriek coming from another small cluster
  of villas.  
"That would be Lizbeth. She gets a little carried away at times," said KC. "I'll
  have to have another talk with her."  
"Surely she isn't torturing one of the slaves," said an aghast Grace.  
"No, no, nothing like that," replied the hostess. "We don't allow anything
  heavy here. Certainly no blood or any level of pain that would cause that kind
  of scream. She was probably threatening one of the girls with one of her snakes
  or tarantulas. She's a little odd."  
They wandered back down the hill to a rickety old building and stopped. "This
  will be Alana's challenge. This is our meeting hall and it's been in need of
  something for years. When I heard of Alana's work, I knew she would be the
  one to make it special. But I'm afraid she will have to knock it down and start
  from scratch."  
Grace nodded as she observed the decrepit building. "I would guess so. It
  doesn't look like there's much to work with on this one."  
KC turned toward Grace and reached out resting her hands on the woman's shoulders
  before sliding them down her arms. "I just had to do that. You really are quite
  beautiful. May I?"  
Grace smiled nervously and nodded slowly. She had just given permission for
  her hostess to inspect her as if she were a slave herself. KC's hands traveled
  back up the arms and then back down again. Grace's arms were raised and then
  her hands were placed together behind her neck. KC walked slowly around Grace
  trailing her fingers lightly over the flesh.  
"Were you ever a slave?" asked KC as her fingers lingered on the soft swells
  of Grace's bottom.  
"No," she replied. "My husband and I used to play games where I was sometimes
  the submissive. But I was never a slave."  
"Pity," responded KC as she continued her tour. She moved back in front of
  Grace and lifted each breast in her hands, bouncing them slightly as if weighing
  them. "Wonderful. So heavy and so firm."  
KC went on to squeeze the orbs lightly, enjoying the way the flesh oozed
  from between her fingers. Then she leaned down and flickered her tongue over
  each nipple and blew on them, causing them to stiffen. "They are so wonderfully
  responsive."  
Then she lowered the breasts again and squatted down in front of her guest
  letting her fingers dance across Grace's belly. They finally stopped at the
  little patch of fur and she tugged lightly on the brown hairs there. "You should
  consider shaving this. You have such a wonderful body and it would make you
  look so much sleeker and sexier."  
Grace remained silent, feeling herself trembling slightly as her hostess
  continued the inspection. Grace closed her eyes as she felt the fingers gliding
  over her labia, knowing that KC would quickly discover how aroused she was.
  Then her eyes flew open wide as she felt a wet finger being rubbed over her
  lips and pressed into her mouth.  
"You are beautiful. And I love the way that you are so aroused," said KC
  as she rubbed her finger on Grace's tongue, cleaning it.  
KC had not yet finalized her plan. Her primary objective had been to own
  Alana. She figured that the first step was to get her to the island. And she
  thought that she might have a talk with Grace and make the offer to her directly
  and that Grace might agree to sell Alana once she saw the paradise that would
  be the new home for her slavegirl.  
Now, however, after getting to know Grace, so many possibilities were presenting
  themselves. She could allow Grace to be one of the mistresses in residence
  or to be an occasional resident of the island. But she might also want to enslave
  this mature but very beautiful woman, along with her three gorgeous slaves. "So
  many decisions," thought KC as she took Grace's hand and led the confused woman
  along the road back to the main compound.  
There were no cars on the island. The only methods of travel were walking
  or pony carts. One of the decorative carts passed the two mistresses as they
  walked toward their destination and Grace enjoyed the sight of two equally
  decorative ponygirls. Each was decked out with matching white leather harnesses.
  Each wore a bit and bridle. And each wore a white plume above her head. Reins
  were attached to nipple rings to guide the girl and the driver held a long
  buggy whip in her hand, but was not seen to use it.  
"Amazing," uttered Grace.  
"Aren't they spectacular?" asked KC. "Are they your first ponygirls?"  
"Well they're the first that I have seen like this. I've seen some being
  trained, but I've never seen them in action. They are beautiful. And so well
  trained."  
"Maybe we can have your girls trained for it during your visit."  
"That would be very nice."  
They passed Alana as they got close to KC's villa. She was dangling upside
  down with rope around her ankles and her legs spread wide apart. Her hands
  were bound behind her with her hands on the opposing elbows and there was a
  ball gag in her mouth. Grace would not have even recognized her slave if it
  weren't for the platinum blonde hair that hung downward, looking like a powder
  puff. A mistress was alternating between playing with Alana's very exposed
  sex and flogging her. There were already several pinkening welts on her back,
  thighs and breasts.  
"Are you enjoying my pet?" asked Grace.  
"Very much," replied the mistress with a British accent. "The way she wiggles
  and moans is delicious."  
"Grace, I would like you to meet Fiona," said KC, introducing the two women. "Fiona,
  this is Grace. She is thinking about joining us and brought her three slaves
  with her. The one you are striping will be designing us a new meeting hall."  
"Delighted to meet you, Grace," as she stuffed the handle of the whip in
  Alana's sex so she could shake hands. "You brought us very fine meat. I hope
  to enjoy each of your girls before you leave us."  
Grace smiled and shook Fiona's hand. "Feel free to help yourself."  
The next one they encountered was Kelly. She was bent backward over a padded
  bar with her legs and arms spread wide. She looked almost like a contortionist
  because of the extreme way she was doubled over. She too wore a gag and, from
  the looks of it, the penis gag reached far back in her mouth. Her breasts were
  bound and were turning a bright red as the attending mistress pinched and teased
  the nipples.  
Grace walked over and ran her palm over one of the breasts, feeling the heat. "This
  won't damage her, will it?"  
"Of course not," replied the mistress who Grace learned was named Carla. "These
  breasts are too magnificent to even think about damaging. I promise that I
  will be very careful with her."  
Finally, they made their way back to KC's home and Grace realized that she
  had just spent the last couple of hours walking around fully naked and being
  introduced to people. She should have felt self-conscious about her nudity
  but she realized that it had not embarrassed her at all. "I guess I know how
  the girls have adapted," she thought to herself.  
"Have you ever considered making a business out of what you do with girls?" asked
  KC as she and Grace were once again on the veranda but with cocktails this
  time.  
"But I have made a business out of the girls," she replied. "A very lucrative
  business. And all of them are involved in one way or another."  
"I'm sorry," said KC. "I wasn't clear with my question. What I meant to say
  was that you have a wonderful talent for procuring extremely beautiful and
  sexual girls and then training them. Have you ever considered making a business
  out of that? Have you ever considered selling some of your girls and procuring
  new ones to train?"  
Grace was not offended by the question. Charles had already let her know
  that she could be filthy rich just by selling the ones she had and retiring.
  But that wasn't what she wanted. She had claimed the ones she wanted and meant
  to keep them.  
"I do have a male for sale," responded Grace. "But I have become rather attached
  to the girls." And then she chuckled. "Or they have become attached to me."  
"I do hope that, if you ever change your mind, you will contact me. I would
  buy the whole lot of them."  
"That's very flattering," said Grace. "I will keep that in mind. I'm curious.
  How many people inhabit this island?"  
"Oh, it varies," responded KC. "Right now, we probably have twenty mistresses
  and a few more slaves. But there are times when we have over a hundred people
  living here. Why do you ask?"  
"I was just curious. I wanted to know more about what I might be getting
  myself into."  
KC reached over and squeezed one of Grace's breasts. "You are getting yourself
  into more than you ever imagined possible."  
Grace sucked in her breath at the touch, feeling the warm hand of her hostess
  claiming her breast. "They certainly are accepting in this group. They seem
  to welcome newcomers quite readily," she thought.  
KC then stood and set her glass down. "Come," she said, which prompted Grace
  to do the same. The two women bathed together in a luxurious large tub and
  Grace surrendered to the manipulations of her host who washed and shampooed
  her. "I could get used to this kind of pampering," thought Grace.  
They walked to the dining hall where all of the other inhabitants of the
  island were gathered. KC led her guest to a table and two slaves immediately
  appeared and knelt beside them. One of them was Amy from the flight who knelt
  next to Grace's chair. She had lost all of the accoutrements since the flight
  and now was totally naked with her hands bound in front of her.  
Grace looked around at the women seated at the tables and remembered the
  hierarchy which she had nicknamed "one breast, two breast, pussy" in her mind.
  One breast was the nickname for the most senior mistresses and she saw about
  ten of them. Two breast was the nickname for the next level. These were the
  ones who could wear a sarong around their waists but had to keep their chest
  naked and there were almost the same number of them. Pussy was the label for
  the newcomers like herself who wore not clothing at all. She saw only one woman
  other than herself who fit into that category.  
She glanced around for her girls. She saw Alana kneeling beside a one-breast
  and eventually spotted Kelly kneeling beside a two-breast. But she hadn't seen
  Meredith since they got off the plane earlier that day and she was starting
  to worry. She kept scanning the room and finally sighted her beautiful red-haired
  slave. She was bound to a table with food piled on her and around her.  
"If you're wondering about your Meredith," said KC, "she's dessert tonight.
  I think you might enjoy this."  
Grace glanced back at Meredith to get a closer look and to try to understand
  what the hostess had just said. Meredith was bound in a very uncomfortable
  looking position. Her arms were pinned behind her and appeared to be bound
  to her calves, which were tucked beneath her leaving her thighs spread wide.
  Her mouth was wide open and Grace assumed that some kind of device had been
  placed between her upper and lower teeth to keep her that way. Piled high on
  her breasts were enormous amounts of whipped cream making her look like some
  kind of mammary-freak wet dream. Berries and sliced fruits and bananas were
  placed decoratively on the table beside her, along with bowls of various sauces.
  But what really caught Grace's attention was Meredith's belly. She looked as
  if she were two or three months pregnant the way that her belly was protruding.  
"She looks quite full," Grace said, trying to act nonchalant about the condition
  of her slavegirl.  
"Oh, she is," agreed KC. "She's marinating the fruits. The dessert chef spent
  most of the afternoon working on her. I understand that she's able to handle
  a lot."  
"What do you mean?" asked Grace.  
"Well, the report that I got was that the chef became concerned after she
  had filled her with more than he thought she could handle. She was worried
  that she was pushing things into her womb. So she reached in to start pulling
  the stuff out and&hellip;"  
Grace interrupted. "Reached in? Reached inside Meredith?"  
"Of course," replied KC. "It's done all the time. But what she found was
  that she was just able to handle more than she expected. So she stuffed her
  again and stuffed her tightly. She looks so cute like that, doesn't she?"  
Grace looked back at her "pregnant" slavegirl and had to admit that she did
  look adorable, even if she also looked very uncomfortable.  
Grace never got a chance to talk to Meredith that night. The one time that
  she approached the dessert tray, another mistress was sucking blackberries
  out of Meredith's mouth. That turned out to be why Meredith's mouth was pried
  open. Each time the berries were gone, someone refilled her mouth to let diners
  suck the fruits out and enjoy Meredith's soft lips.  
Alana got to work the next day and she used this opportunity to teach Meredith
  the tricks of her trade. Keeping with the traditions of the island, their hands
  were bound in front of them but enough chain was left between their hands to
  let them do whatever they wished. Fiona oversaw their activities as Meredith
  learned how to use a surveyor's scope, how to take notes using the appropriate
  symbols and nomenclature, and how to take pictures from the best angles so
  that all of the needed information would be recorded.  
Fiona mostly relaxed in a lawn chair that had been carried by the two girls
  but would occasionally interrupt their work "to make things a little more fun." One
  of her ideas of fun was to have the girls bend over while she inserted butt
  plugs into them with flowing tails that would swish against the backs of their
  calves as they moved about. Alana's was a direct match of the platinum hair
  on top of her head and, while Meredith's tail was red, it was not a very close
  match. The tails took some getting used to but soon the architect and apprentice
  were back at work.  
The next diversion for the girls was a bit and bridle. Leather straps fit
  around their heads and across their foreheads and held the padded bar that
  ran across their mouths and between their teeth. This took a lot of getting
  used to and severely impeded their efforts since their conversations were reduced
  to nonsensical sounds.  
"Aren't you the prettiest ponies?" praised Fiona before giving each naked
  rump a pat and sending them back to work.  
The girls did manage to make progress by using a combination of garbled words
  and hand gestures. Eventually, however, it started to rain. "Maybe tomorrow
  we can get some real work done," thought Alana. Alana and Meredith quickly
  packed the instruments and papers into the two waterproof cases and prepared
  to leave.  
"Not so fast," warned Fiona. "Let's get a little training in while we can,
  shall we?" Fiona stepped in front of each girl and placed a nipple clamp on
  each breast. The girls howled with each new clamp. Each had saw-tooth jaws
  that bit cruelly into their tender flesh and from each hung a tiny bell.  
"Step lively, girls," instructed Fiona as she slashed a crop across Alana's
  vulnerable bottom. "Raise those knees high. We'll have you prancing in no time." Each
  girl had a choice as they walked back to the compound as the storm continued
  to strengthen. They could either raise their knees with each step so that their
  upper legs were parallel to the ground or they could endure the bite of the
  crop with each infraction. They quickly learned the movements of prancing.  
"We'll be here forever, Mistress!" complained a very frustrated Alana once
  they were returned to Grace in the guest villa. "It was nothing but an endless
  string of distractions!"  
"Maybe they want it to take forever, pet," replied Grace. "I know I would
  do anything I could to prolong my time with you if I were them. By the way&hellip; nice
  tails."  
Alana hmmmphed and slapped her hands down against her thighs in frustration.
  It always seemed that there was an answer to all of her concerns, regardless
  of whether or not the answer made any sense.  
"Come, little one," commanded Grace as she sat and reached out her arms with
  her palms up. Alana dutifully knelt before her owner and positioned her breasts
  in her Mistress' hands. Grace motioned with her head for Meredith to kneel
  beside Alana and then shifted to the side to be able to hold a breast of each
  girl.  
"You are both very special. And I'm not surprised that they want to keep
  you here longer." She gave each breast a loving squeeze. "In fact, I get the
  sense that we are all very special. I'm not sure that they are used to seeing
  mistresses and slaves who love one another. Maybe they're trying to learn from
  us."  
Grace then led the two girls to the bathroom where a huge tub awaited them.
  Meredith drew the bath and then the three women slipped into the hot water
  to luxuriate for close to an hour. Grace had her two girls bathe her and delighted
  when they took it upon themselves to pleasure her. With Meredith's fingers
  toying with her sex and Alana's lips on her breasts, it did not take long for
  Grace to climax.  
"Mmmmm, I wonder where Kelly is," Grace thought as she leaned back against
  Meredith who was cradling her head between her firm breasts. "Too bad she missed
  this tender moment."  
Kelly was, at the moment, being prepared for dinner. In actuality, she was
  being prepared to be a serving platter for dinner. She was suspended between
  four poles with arms and legs outstretched. At the moment, a padded bench was
  supporting her back so that the various hors d'oevres could be placed on her
  decoratively. She had already been warned, however, that when cocktail hour
  arrived, the bench would be removed and three metal spikes would replace it.
  This would ensure that Kelly held her body completely flat and did not sag
  or slump at all because, if she did, the spikes would jab her and correct her
  positioning.  
Kelly felt fingers placing crackers and vegetables on her belly. She jumped
  slightly as she felt cheese being scooped and piled onto her belly button but
  stopped moving when the chef pinched her nipple hard and leaned down to tell
  her that she would serve the nipple on a cracker to someone if she moved again.
  Kelly believed her.  
Caviar was scooped onto her nipples and then patted down. Additionally, crackers
  were arranged on her upper chest. Shrimp were arranged at the base of her breasts.
  She had never felt so inanimate in all her life. She really was nothing more
  than a serving tray to this woman.  
Most of the preparations were complete and Kelly was allowed to rest for
  the moment until it was time for the guests to arrive. The chef went on to
  prepare her other dishes and Kelly just prayed that none of the slaves was
  being used as a baking dish.  
The first diners started to arrive and it was time to wheel out the appetizers.
  The chef returned to Kelly with a plate full of carrots and celery. One by
  one, she pushed the vegetables into Kelly. Quickly, Kelly felt full but carrots
  and celery stalks kept being pushed in, stretching Kelly wider and wider.  
"There is no need for a dip tonight," explained the chef as she leaned down
  and kissed Kelly. "I'm sure they will enjoy your marinade." Then she squatted
  down, removed the padded bench, and replaced it with the three metal spikes.
  Kelly was wheeled out to the dining room, much to the delight of the gathering
  mistresses.  
Grace had to chuckle as she saw the predicament that her daughter was in.
  Thankfully, she knew that Kelly was in great shape and was capable of withstanding
  this torment. It would not be muscles that failed her if she ended up betting
  stabbed by the spears. It would be her concentration.  
The mistresses surrounding her and reaching for various hors d'oevres seemed
  intent on distracting her. Instead of simply pulling out a stalk of celery
  or a carrot, each diner would slide it in and out of her sex numerous times.
  One even toyed with her clit as she did that, explaining to those around her
  that, "this freshens the marinade."  
Kelly ended up jerking slightly as the vegetables were moved in and out and
  gasped as she felt the sharp metal tips jabbing at her back. She straightened
  out her posture just as the women discovered the caviar. Cracker after cracker
  was scraped across her sensitive nipples as the mistresses tried to capture
  each precious fish egg. She heard herself moaning but tried very hard to keep
  her body straight to avoid the spears below.  
Thankfully, the food was disappearing from her body and she knew she would
  soon be free of torment. But just as she thought that things would get better,
  they got much, much worse.  
"We can't let all of this caviar flavor go to waste," exclaimed one of the
  mistresses as she leaned down and sucked as much of Kelly's right breast into
  her mouth as she could.  
"I agree," replied a second mistress. "Waste not, want not." Then she dipped
  her head and sucked the left nipple, along with a generous amount of breast
  into her mouth. This caused Kelly to lose her concentration and she immediately
  felt two of the spears jab at her tender flesh.  
"And we can't let this carrot go to waste, either," announced a third mistress.
  Unknown to Kelly, all of the smaller vegetables had been eaten, leaving a carrot
  that would have qualified as a Burpee poster child still in her sex. The mistress
  slid it out until only the tip was within the folds of Kelly's labia. Then
  she slid it slowly forward, aiming it carefully until it touched Kelly's cervix.
  She kept pushing, slowly but insistently as Kelly growled and writhed. She
  was getting constantly jabbed at this point but almost didn't care. The pleasure
  from the lips on her nipples was mingling with the pain from the spears. The
  carrot was a totally different matter. It had its own pleasure and pain. Once
  it was clear that the carrot had penetrated Kelly's womb, the two suckling
  mistresses reached under the slave to support her so that she didn't damage
  herself. Within moments, she shrieked and stiffened and then her cart was wheeled
  back into the kitchen where the spikes were removed and she was allowed to
  recover before being released.  
"Oh my god, Mom!" exclaimed Kelly later that night. "It was so intense!!!"  
"I could tell," smiled Grace as she held her daughter's breasts in her palms
  as she liked to do with Alana. "Did you like it?"  
"Oh god no!" she replied emphatically. "But I can't wait to do it again!"  
"Grace leaned forward and kissed Kelly's forehead, giving each nipple a tweak. "You
  are a beautiful slavegirl."  
Chapter 20: A New World Order  
KC and Grace took a walk the next morning. "How have you been enjoying our
  island?" asked KC.  
"I think it's fabulous," replied Grace. "It's so beautiful and your entertainment
  is so&hellip; interesting."  
KC laughed. "Yes, your daughter did give us a hot performance last night,
  didn't she? How are the girls reacting to it?"  
"Mixed, I would say," responded Grace, honestly. "They are not used to pain
  as a stimulant or as entertainment. I generally use pain only for punishment.
  Hey are having to adjust."  
"Well they seem to be adjusting nicely," smiled KC. "And they seem to be
  quite popular. Which one is your favorite?"  
"Oh, I love them all," replied Grace. "It would be too difficult to
    select a favorite." 
    
"But surely you have one who you view as your favorite toy or best pet."  
"They really are each my favorite in different ways. One is my daughter,
  so that makes her my favorite. One is so loving and caring that she is my favorite.
  And one is so beautiful and sexual that she is my favorite. I really couldn't
  single out any of them as my overall favorite."  
"Alana must be the one who you called 'so sexual'", observed KC. "She is
  definitely that. You must be the envy of every slave owner in the world and
  she must be the number one item on all of their Christmas lists."  
Grace laughed at the thought of Santa receiving so many wish lists asking
  for Alana to be gift-wrapped under the tree on Christmas morning. "I suppose
  so. She's very special."  
"Yes she is," agreed KC. I had heard about her as a slave before I even heard
  about her designs. I even made an offer on her to buy her. But now that I have
  seen her, I can see why you didn't accept the offer. She's worth much more."  
"That's very flattering," commented Grace. "If you don't mind, I'd like to
  be able to tell her that story."  
"I don't mind."  
"I should tell you that you have had some stiff competition," Grace went
  on. "I have never seen any of the offers, but Charles tells me that one person
  even offered twenty five million dollars for Alana."  
KC hesitated, not knowing whether or not to continue this topic, but then
  sighed. "That was me."  
Grace gasped and then blushed again. "Oh, I'm so sorry. I had no idea. I
  probably should have at least looked at the offer. And I should have written
  you a letter thanking you for the offer. And&hellip;" Her babbling was quickly
  cut short by KC stepping before her and placing a finger on Grace's lips to
  silence her.  
KC leaned forward and kissed Grace, raising her hands to hold each of Grace's
  exposed breasts. "Hush."  
Grace's head was spinning. Once again, she felt herself being handled the
  way that she handled her girls and it was very unsettling.  
"We have much to learn from you," started KC. "I revoke my offer. I want
  you to own Alana. And I want you to own Meredith and Kelly, also."  
"I'm not sure I understand," replied Grace with a furrowed brow.  
"I mean that you and your slaves have something beautiful. It's a slavery
  with love. I wanted that for this place. That's why I bought this island." KC
  paused and sighed. "But over the years, it has changed. New people have come
  into the society with different views. It's not the same any more. Help me
  change it."  
Grace was still reeling as KC's hands still held her breasts and she felt
  two fingers from each hand closing together to tighten on her nipples. "How
  can I change it?" asked Grace as the fingers sent delicious thrills through
  her body.  
"By being you," explained KC. "And by continuing to own your girls and by
  bringing them back here. I plan to change the charter. I'm eliminating the
  current hierarchy." Fingers started to roll the erect nipples back and forth
  and stretch them away from Grace's chest.  
"Oooohhhh!!!" gasped Grace. "That feels good! But I still don't understand."  
KC tilted her head down and kissed one of Grace's nipples. "I'm disbanding
  the governing council. And from now on, there will be two levels of mistresses.
  There will be you and me on one level and then there will be all of the others.
  Although I will need you to teach me how to treat slaves like you do. And,
  of course, there will be the slaves."  
"Wow," gasped Grace as KC moved her lips to her other breast. "I don't know
  what to say. So does that mean that I will be a one-breast?"  
KC gave a look of confusion and then Grace giggled and told her hostess how
  she had described the hierarchy of the island to her girls. KC laughed and
  nodded. "You can be a one-breast, two-breast, or pussy. You can even be a no-breast,
  if you like. You figure out how it should work. From now on this island is
  ruled by Queen Grace and Queen Katherine."  
Grace smiled. Queen Grace sounded good. And that meant that Alana would finally
  truly be a princess.  
But she needed one more thing before she could agree. Alana had a house to
  finish. She described how important this was to her slavegirl and KC came up
  with a plan that made Grace smile broadly. KC and Grace sent a planeload of
  slavegirls to Alana's home where they spent several weeks completing the changes
  with the help of some contractors who actually knew what they were doing. In
  the end, almost everyone was happy. The girls had a wonderful time. The contractors
  voiced no complaints and were generally seen leaving the worksite with grins
  on their faces. The teenage boys and girls from the neighborhood seemed a lot
  happier and spent a lot less time in front of the television while the slavegirls
  were working on the house and landscaping. The husbands clearly approved and
  spent much more time working on their yards, shifting from front yard to back
  yard frequently, depending on where the girls moved. There were just a few
  of the women in the neighborhood who did not appreciate the giggling and productive
  new workforce.  
The End, I think.  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Captv8td


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





