BDSM Library - Vegas or Crystal Jack




Vegas or Crystal Jack
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jane acts as a human model to demonstrate a crystal barbecue spit.Vegas - A Diverting Interlude, or Crystal Jack. &copy; Spitman April 2002  
Jane felt a frisson of excitement run through her at the sight of the transparent
  construct so elegantly positioned on its plinth, the focal point of the casino
  lobby. It looked for all the world like an original work of art, the smooth
  curves of its shell only lacking its intended complement of female concupiscence.
  It beckoned her like an enthusiastic puppy impatient to demonstrate its favourite
  trick.  
Her eye flicked across to the girl being set in place on one of several barbecue
  pits that followed the curve of the lobby wall, who was still wriggling animatedly
  on a thick, pink-tinted crystal spit. It was hard at first to reconcile the
  innocent beauty of the artefact with a function so blatantly cruel, and yet
  so necessary. A girl needed to know that her needs would be met, and there
  was no greater need, when the time came, than to surrender to the spit. Her
  heart pounded as her feet brought her closer to the steps leading up to the
  plinth.  
All around her punters continued to feed coins into the slots, and the quietness
  of her thoughts was drowned by the chinking, whirring hubbub. She smiled at
  their feverish preoccupation with feeding that insatiable mechanical appetite.
  A girl's beauty and flavour were made to satisfy the more discerning human
  tastes. But around the central plinth were the tables favoured by high rollers,
  whose bets reached untold heights of absurdity while their focus was drawn,
  from time to time, to the periodical spectacle of beauty pleasured then mounted
  on crystal.  
Almost unnoticed at the foot of the steps, she dropped her scant hostess
  costume and heels into the receptacle provided, released her bikini top to
  free the firm thrust of her gorgeous breasts, then pulled the bows to release
  the bottom. She stood proudly and turned to reveal the smooth shaved crevice
  of her mound and her pride, the pretty pink crystal ring through one temptingly
  plump pussy lip.  
Turning again, she stepped eagerly up onto the plinth, drawing a hundred
  pairs of eyes from around the room to her beauty.  
&ldquo;Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome Jane, who will now take her turn
  on our unique, extraordinary display machine, Crystal Jack!&rdquo;  
Loud applause followed as Jane stepped up to the construct. It was obvious
  how to mount it. She trembled, suddenly conscious of the finality of the moment.  
The grooves for her lower legs were strangely high, a foot above the level
  of the plinth, with padded grips that fitted snugly against her ankles. She
  clambered up and knelt in the grooves, feeling the grips tightening to hold
  her ankles.  
&ldquo;Oooooooooh!&rdquo; She gasped. Her knees dropped rapidly towards the
  floor as the grooves swivelled down from her ankles, opening her knees wide,
  pressing her ankles closer behind her thighs. The movement threw her body forward
  onto the construct. Her shoulders slipped under curved wings of the resilient,
  transparent plastic, her breasts hung on either side of the central support
  moulded to the form of her body. Padded grips tightened to hold her neck firmly
  down with her chin tipped up. Her arms hung in grooved transparent channels,
  her wrists held by more of those comfortable grips. Her hands closed over what
  felt like handles and she gripped them tightly, feeling them move rather like
  joysticks.  
Jane wriggled experimentally, but to no avail. She was solidly locked in
  position, but it was not uncomfortable. On the contrary, the smooth transparent
  plastic felt warm and comfortable, its resilience moulding itself to her body.
  There was no need for clamps over her knees. Even without the firm pressure
  of the grips at her ankles, neck and wrists she doubted if she could have freed
  herself, with her legs bent back in a vee like that. Any muscular effort would
  have merely pressed her more firmly into position. She was utterly in the power
  of the machine.  
Strangely, the fact of being secure and helpless excited her. There was no
  escape from her fate, a fate she had dreamed of ever since her earliest memories.
  It was time to be spitted, time for her spitted, wriggling body to be roasted
  over the heat of a barbecue pit, time for her delicious, roasted flesh to be
  enjoyed, but too late now for misgivings or regrets. This was an experience
  to be enjoyed to the full.  
She was glad that the smooth softness of her skin, the perfection of her
  beauty would not be violated by the crude painful work of the gutting knife
  or saw. Her destiny was to enjoy the feel of the spit and the searing heat
  of the roasting pit, and every sensation of that mysterious, long dreamed of
  transition into meat. After a few days on the popular FibreFloss&trade; diet,
  every part of her was edible.  
&ldquo;Ooooooh!&rdquo; She gasped again as the smooth rounded tip of a vibrating
  prong slid between her lips and teased the sensitive core of her pleasure.
  She guided it with the joysticks, up and down and then a little deeper, teasing
  her lips and pressing into the quivering, well-muscled opening of her vulva.
  She adjusted the vibration too until it was almost more than she could stand.
  The waves of sensation flowed out from her core and then back, rippling, pulsing
  powerfully until the hot sweet sensation exploded through her body.  
&ldquo;Aaaaaaah! Yes! Oooooh!&rdquo; She cried, oblivious to the applause
  of the spectators, responding to the stimulation so delicately adjusted by
  her own eager hands.  
Her cunt tingled as the long slender probe parted the well toned musclar
  opening of her vulva and slid deep into her vagina. She clenched her muscles
  and gripped it tightly, enjoying the sensation. It was extraordinary how those
  muscles had responded to the weeks and months of conditioning with EZ-Glide&trade;.
  She knew that it had developed from a simple spitlube, to a product that had
  revolutionised the yield and quality of a girl's most precious asset, her fillet.
  By stimulating the development of muscle in that delicate area, and then improving
  its tone, it made every girl as special during sex as a highly trained oriental
  professional. It gave her the ability to squeeze, ripple and ultimately milk
  a man of his come, while at the same time his presence inside her was unimaginably
  stimulating, almost as incredible as the powerfully enhanced sensation of actually
  being spitted.  
Tiny pads covered in something like velvet found her nipples. It was delicious
  really, delicate, like being teased vwith a soft brush. She adjusted the pads
  until they were perfectly centred on her nipples, feeling the tremors of another
  orgasm growing fast as the probe continued to tease the lips of her vulva,
  occasionally arousing flashes of pleasure as it rippled close to her delicately
  aroused clitoris.  
&ldquo;Ah! Ah! No!&rdquo; Frantically she worked the controls as rippling
  tendrils penetrated every fold and crevice of her tingling lips, already slippery
  with the juices of her arousal. Seconds later she convulsed again in another
  searing orgasm, helplessly at the mercy of the powerful stimulation.  
Something was happening at her nipples. Some kind of manipulation. Something
  bit in to the base of her left nipple, then she felt a painful prick. Then
  this was repeated with her right nipple. The needles pressed deep into her
  breasts as she squirmed uselessly. They always injected your breasts before
  they roasted you. That was basic education. But somehow the thought of it actually
  happening had slipped her mind. When it happened it made you feel close to
  being meat. It was one of the last things they did before they spitted you.
  Everybody knew that. But it was undignified and uncomfortable, like the gutting
  they used to do long ago.  
She gasped at the unmistakeable touch of the spit against her vulva lips.
  The tip was cool, smooth and hard. With the controls she moved it gently into
  the perfect position to enter her. Slowly but remorselessly it opened her,
  its pressure so hard and its progress so unthinkably relentless that her most
  desperate, instinctive resistance made absolutely no difference to its progress
  at all. She was merely a soft yielding presence around the thick, smooth crystal
  of the moving shaft.  
She shivered with excitement as she felt the spit moving steadily up through
  her body, the shaft sliding deliciously through her well lubricated vulva,
  stretching the elastic walls of her cunt. It opened her cervix and pierced
  the wall of her womb and then it began to rotate as it progressed deeper into
  her, its off-centre tip finding its way easily between the slippery coils of
  her intestines as it moved closer to her stomach. Her cunt tingled fiercely
  as she gripped the shaft, enjoying the sensation of its movement. This was
  better than anything she had imagined.  
Those incredible tendrils were back, teasing the flesh stretched taut around
  the shaft of her spit, mercilessly enveloping her clitoris in sensation until
  pleasure exploded through her again, distracting her from the cool sensation
  of liquid flowing from those needles through her nipples into her breasts.
  It was sensory overload. It was too much, all at once, but maybe that was merciful,
  and exactly as it should be. The relentless stimulation did not ease until
  pleasure once more convulsed her as the injectors were retracted from her sore,
  leaking nipples.  
There was a quiet puffing sound as the spit penetrated her stomach, and then
  it stopped rotating again as it moved inexorably up through her oesophagus.
  She felt it moving closer, closer to her throat and her final sigh was silenced
  as the spit emerged into her mouth, moving steadily forward until the shaft
  stretched her mouth wide, and filled her view. The clamps slowly raised her
  wrists and ankles into position while the banding secured her limbs to her
  body, and then released her.  
She squirmed quietly on her spit, discovering the feel of it. This was her
  future. She was meat, ready to be roasted. Her sore, leaking nipples were proof
  enough of that. It was extraordinary. The spit immobilised you so you could
  not bend and you could barely twist, but incredibly it felt right. It belonged.
  There could be no other way to explain why a woman was so perfectly designed
  to take a spit right through her from one set of lips to the other, or why
  her meat was so delicious once it was roasted like that, or why every woman
  dreamed of being roasted on a spit. She was a perfect example of nature's bounty
  ready to be harvested.  
Jane felt a bump as the spit moved her up to the conveyor that crossed high
  over the tables and machines before it dropped down into the cooking area.
  She didn't have long to wait before her spit was turning slowly over the searing
  heat of the flames, the chefs diligently basting her, while already there was
  a distinct, quite delicious aroma of roasting meat.  
&ldquo;Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for your attention,&rdquo; she heard. &ldquo;Please
  feel free to enjoy the complimentary barbecue. A fresh spitroast will be ready
  every hour, and of course, another of our delightful girls will give her own
  display on Crystal Jack every hour, every day. In the meantime, good luck to
  everyone!&rdquo;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





