BDSM Library - The New Girl




The New Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave changed hands and must learn to accept sharing her new position with another female.The following story is COPYRIGHTED. The author,
    kaja_m, reserves all rights to this work. It may be freely distributed online,
    posted and archived electronically, only in its entirety, including all header
    material. It may not be changed or altered without the authors permission.
    It may not be sold in whole or in any part, or as part of an electronic document,
    printed material, voice recording or any other manner without proper copyright
    clearances being obtained from the author.   
 ***On a side note, I am a single female waiting
    to be claimed... if anyone is interested. Lol. I only put that in because
    a friend of mine told me too. ;)   
 
The New Girl   
 Her bags were packed and she drew in a deep,
    cleansing breath, just before closing the door behind her. This would be
    the last time she would gaze at that room, at her Master's bed, at the soft
    crumpled up blankets that she used to sleep on, on the floor beneath Him.
    She had now been purchased and was again changing hands, like a piece of
    livestock.   
 Her new Master lived far away and she would
    never see her current Owner after this day. It saddened her a little, but
    she had become so calloused and numb to emotion, that it affected her only
    little anymore. Twice in the past she had gone through this, and each time,
    it became easier and easier to leave her familiar surroundings behind.   
 The ride to her new home was spent in silence
    as she already began distancing herself from the man who had once owned her
    and who was now driving her away. On the way there, she purged her mind of
    all the things that she had been through with Him... remembering everything
    that had ever been shared between them, one last time. She knew she would
    never think about those things again. They would be wiped from her memory,
    just as she would be wiped from the life of the man beside her. She thought
    back on the first time she met Him, wondering if the meeting today would
    be similar. She was so afraid then, nervous and desperately wanting to please
    Him. She trembled as she removed her clothing and prepared for her initial
    examination. The room had been cold and her nipples were stiff and dark because
    of it. Goose bumps covered her legs and she was devastated that He would
    notice. That was all she could think about, was the damn goose bumps making
    her soft flesh appear ugly and discolored. She lamented over it as He walked
    toward her.   
 Her previous Master had been sitting in a
    chair, watching the entire awkward scene, making certain that she obeyed
    perfectly. She knew better than to disgrace Him. She had felt no love for
    Him and only served for a short time. He had almost no heart and certainly
    no room for her in what little there was. His eyes were cold and without
    feeling. She was grateful to be moving on.   
 But this new man, He had something bright
    in His gaze. A twinkle of joy at the sight of her. He, of course, had had
    other slaves before, but He seemed taken with her for some reason. As He
    came up next to her, she shrunk back and tried to force her body to generate
    some warmth to make the awful goose bumps disappear. He grinned as He ran
    His finger up her thigh, feeling the cold bumpy skin. Very gently and very
    tenderly, He asked her if she was cold... that was the very moment she knew
    that she would love Him.   
 Helping her to her feet, He remarked that
    He must warm her up, that He didn't want a cold slave. Suddenly she was confused
    and did not understand such kindness. Certainly, He had not meant for her
    to be warm! Let alone, even care, that she was cold. &quot;Up on the bed&quot;,
    He directed her. She looked back at Him, astonished... was He going to let
    her under the blankets?   
 At this point, her former Master was long
    forgotten, even though He still sat, watching her every move. She sat on
    the edge of the bed and suddenly, her new Master threw back the blankets,
    as if inviting her under them. Still, she sat, waiting to be commanded further,
    before acting on her own.   
 She was then told to lay flat on her stomach
    on top of the bottom sheet, next to the drawn back blankets. Slowly, she
    flattened her body and tucked her chilly hands up next to her face. She waited
    in the cold to be covered... she longed for the soft warmth of their shelter.
    Her toes curled in anticipation. It came as a great shock to her, when not
    a soft blanket caressed her naked skin, but rather a harsh, sting from a
    thick leather strap.   
 Her body jolted from the surprise and quite
    accidentally, she let out a terrible gasp. She nearly looked back upon instinct,
    but forced herself to keep her face down in the bed. Another blistering blow
    landed on the small of her back, causing her entire body to curve and arch
    painfully. She bit her lip to keep from crying. The third sting was delivered
    to the plump bottom of her ass cheeks. The strap was long and able to cover
    the whole width of her body. Her skin felt like it was on fire and it was
    screaming for relief. She wanted to rub away the awful burning. But another
    sting caught her on the tops of her thighs. Her legs stiffened and all of
    her muscles were braced and tight. She expected the next lick any second,
    shutting her eyes tightly in anticipation of it.   
 Instead, it was her Master's hand that soothed
    her tender skin, rather than the belt that stung it. He massaged all the
    red, welted spots, asking her is she was warm enough now to continue with
    the examination. In a meek, docile voice, she replied that yes, she was indeed
    warm and ready for His exam.   
 &quot;Very good.&quot;, He said as He patted
    her on the head. She was smitten with Him already. Her feet floated and her
    heart seemed to sway as she stepped off the bed and assumed her kneeling
    position back on the floor. Her legs were opened wide, illustrating her devotion
    already and the skin of her backside burned... but, the goose bumps were
    gone. He was truly a Master and she wanted to make herself truly His slave.   
 So, that transition had been an easy one...
    she looked back on it fondly and sadly, knowing that she would never feel
    that way again. She could only hope that her new Master (and the meeting
    today) would be half as wonderful as this one had been.   
 Knowing the drive would be long, she settled
    back in her seat and shut her eyes in order to have no distractions from
    her thoughts. She wanted to be alone with them and savor them... they were
    the only things that truly belonged to her and no one could ever take away.   
 As she tried to enjoy her momentary solitude,
    a thousand questions began creeping up on her. Every one about her new Master.
    It was not her place to be concerned now with her current, soon to be previous,
    Master. He would move on and find someone to suit Him better. Though, secretly,
    somewhere, in the very back of her mind, she wondered what she had done wrong
    and if He would remember her or ever think about her.   
 She tried shaking those thoughts, but she
    knew that they would forever haunt her. She sighed aloud and simply resigned
    herself to that fact. A slave was never permitted to have closure or any
    kind of peace of mind. So, she forced her thoughts onto something else.   
 She played a game with herself and racked
    her brain trying to imagine the many flaws that her new Master could possibly
    have. She had already thought of all the obvious things like Him being grotesquely
    ugly or outrageously overweight... now she wanted to pinpoint all the shortcomings
    that one would not normally think of... she wondered if He might have a terrible
    lisp or have a hunched back or maybe hair growing out of His ears. These
    were the things that gave her leverage in this situation. These were the
    things that made her less apprehensive.   
 She chuckled to herself when she recalled
    the picture she had painted of her current Master, just before meeting Him.
    She had imagined that He would be short and stubby, with no chin and an endless
    eyebrow. And, of course, she just knew that He would have a small misshapen
    cock.   
 When she first entered the room where she
    was to serve Him and meet Him for the first time, she could not help but
    try to look at Him. She struggled terribly with it, but somehow, she managed
    to keep her eyes to the floor, catching only glimpses of Him here and there.
    He did not seem to be quite the monster she had created in her head.   
 He was in fact, tall and strong, but still,
    she wanted to get a good look at His face. During the examination and the
    whipping, she was unable to see much of it and on the way out with Him, she
    remembered wishing that she could just be given two minutes to absorb His
    features and take them all in one time, really well. Sitting next to Him,
    she could not help but keep her eyes glued to His body. She began with His
    feet, paying close attention to His shoes, studying them, noticing the color,
    the style, learning all that she could from them. Then she worked her way
    up His legs, and then at His chest, trying to see what His shirt could tell
    her about Him. His clothes were nondescript and gave away nothing. Her curiosity
    was now unsurmountable and she just had to see His face. Repeatedly, she
    tried to look at Him without His knowing, but each time she lost her nerve
    and looked away quickly, so that He did not catch her. Finally, the wondering
    was killing her and she mustered up enough courage to stare squarely into
    His eyes.... of course, as her luck would have had it, He had decided to
    do the same thing at that very moment.   
 He caught her red handed and suddenly her
    eyes opened wider and her face froze with fear. Now she could not look away.
    With a slight shaky jump, she threw her glance back to the floor. He had
    not said anything to her, but she was certain that she would pay later. And
    sure enough, she did...   
 Once she arrived at her new home, a blindfold
    was secured over her eyes before He even allowed her out of the car. Since
    her eyes had remained down the rest of the way there, she had not even set
    sight on her new dwelling. But now, her eyes were covered and she could see
    nothing, no matter how badly she was tempted.   
 He helped her out of the vehicle and immediately
    snapped a leash onto her bottom lip. The sensation was like a million needles
    dancing all over her body. The hot, painful pinching had made her nipples
    so hard that her thin shirt raised and stuck out over top of them. Immediately,
    saliva began pooling up below her tongue. The leash was so heavy that she
    could not curl her lip and swallow it back and she knew that in minutes,
    it would be dripping down her chin... and she could not even see if anyone
    else was there to notice.   
 Slowly, her Master guided her into the house,
    holding firmly to the leash, tugging her lip left and right to direct her
    which way to go. He pulled the leash so far that it stretched her lip and
    all of her drool rushed down and she could feel it, wet and cold, all the
    way down on her shirt. After that, she was unable to control it and with
    every tug of her lip, more saliva poured down onto her chin and chest. Her
    Master saw this and scolded her gently, remarking how she had made a mess
    of her shirt. Her pussy was becoming wetter than her chin from His condescending
    tone.   
 She could feel Him unbuttoning her blouse
    and again, her nipples stood at full attention. He pulled the garment off
    of her shoulders and ran His fingers over the bumpy little thimbles of flesh
    on her chest. She spasmed for a moment and again, her lip was pulled. The
    pain quickly brought her back from her sexual enjoyment.   
 Now, her shirt was off and all she wore was
    a tiny black mini skirt and a pair of high heeled shoes. She was ordered
    to kick them off and to kneel. She felt wall surrounding her and she knew
    she was in a corner. Another tug on her lip sent her scooting across the
    floor, forcing her back, further into the corner. Her leash now seemed secured
    to something and her hard nipples felt humiliatingly noticeable to her. They
    seemed to be throbbing and begging to be touched. The darkness from the blindfold
    and the confinement of the walls seemed only to accentuate them in her mind.   
 However, she was not the only one who noticed...
    in minutes, thick cold, metal clamps were screwed tightly on to each nipple.
    They did not bite into the flesh painfully, but the terrible weight and size
    of them made her even more aware of her vulnerable situation. She was sitting
    alone on the floor, with only a thin mini skirt to protect her wet pussy
    from the cold hardness of it, heavy clamps, tightly latched to her nipples,
    secured by the lip at the end of a leash that was tied into the wall, blindfolded
    and left in the darkness and silence of an unfamiliar place... that was how
    she spent her first night with her favorite Master.   
 She knew that no one else could possibly be
    as creative as that! She wondered cynically, how this new Master would measure
    up...   
 Indeed she wondered. How would this new Dom
    feed her, punish her, humiliate her and keep her in her place? Certainly
    His treatment would not be as fun or exciting as the old. Would He march
    her into lingerie shops and order her to try on the most revealing and degrading
    clothes, and then make her come out, in front of everyone, to model them
    for Him? Would He invite His friends over and have her masturbate on the
    floor, in front of them, for hours, unnoticed, while they socialized and
    watched television? Would she be molested in a movie theater, or raped in
    a park, after dark? In short, she wondered... would things be kept interesting?   
 All of her agonizing curiosity was about to
    come to an end. And she had a sinking feeling, as she was delivered up the
    drive way to her new Master's home, that all of her care free, bright days
    as a happy, loving slave, were also about to be stopped short.   
 The very looks of the house were cold and
    dark. It was a stark, sterilized looking place. There was no sign of life.
    No flowers in the faded autumn grass, not even a golden fallen leaf... there
    were no trees for one to come from. The house was plain and large. It was
    structured in the shape of a large, flat box. Simple, sleek, black shutters
    hung beside every window and the enormous gate that they had to enter through
    to get up the black paved drive, seemed to enclose them in, and keep the
    rest of the world out. Everything was black and white and even the sky and
    ground seemed to be only varying degrees of gray.   
 Suddenly, she looked at her Master, frightened
    by the reality of all of this for the first time. She was panicking inside
    and wanted to throw herself to His feet and beg for Him not to send her away.
    Her Master knew the anxiety she was feeling and felt some duty, still, to
    try and calm her nerves.   
 He stroked her head as the car stopped in
    front of the walkway. Her eyes were again, wide with apprehension and her
    body was braced as she clung to the door handle.   
 &quot;Do not be afraid... this is what you
    need.&quot;, He said as He tried to sooth her. She could not hold back any
    more and suddenly tears of sadness, for the life she was leaving behind,
    along with tears of fright for the unknown, came gushing from her eyes. She
    made not a sound or motion that she was crying. The tears were the only thing
    that showed it. Her Master sighed deeply, and perhaps a little sadly as well,
    and ordered her out of the vehicle. She climbed out and stood next to the
    door, just as she always had, awaiting His next order.   
 When He got around next to her, He removed
    her collar from His jacket pocket and placed it around her neck. The lump
    of emotion in her throat made it tight and more constricting than ever. Next
    a leash was attached and they began the long slow stroll up to the door.
    Every few seconds, she would look at Him, noticing how He was paying particular
    attention not to look at her. Instead, He rang the door bell and stood, staring
    at it, waiting to pass His property on.   
 At last, the door opened and standing there
    in the door way, stood her new Owner. The mere sight of Him was enough to
    send chills up her spine. This time, she was determined to get a good look
    at Him. She could tell, by the feeling she got from Him, that she would most
    likely never have another opportunity to do this again. He was tall and thin
    with dark gray features. Straight black hair with touches of white above
    His ears. His eyes had no color and His face had no expression. Even her
    Master had taken a step back when He had first arrived to show them in.   
 Immediately, the tall lanky man took the leash
    into His own large, slender hands, and allowed her Master in first. Her head
    jolted as he coiled the lead around his bony fingers. Once her Master had
    stepped inside, she was terrified for the brief moment that she was left
    alone outside with the new one. If this was how she felt on her first meeting,
    how could she ever come to love Him? The answer to that question was easy...
    she knew she never would.   
 A tug to her leash and she was at last in
    the house. Her new Master peered down at her, searing into her very soul,
    making her feel uneasy and less human than she ever had before. He seemed
    to strip her with His eyes and whip her with His cutting gaze. She could
    not even look at her old Master... already, it felt wrong to do so. She felt
    so objectified as the two men talked and walked into the sitting room, her
    being dragged behind like a mere animal, that she could not even hear or
    understand what they were saying. Suddenly, their discussion sounded as if
    they were speaking a foreign language or talking in a secret code. The only
    thing that kept going around in her mind, was the fact that this was to be
    her new life. As she knelt on the floor, at the feet of her new Master, looking
    across to her old Master's shoes, viewing them already as the shoes of a
    stranger, she could only understand that this was as good as it was to get...
    and, if she could not have love, she may as well have a rigid life, in the
    service of a strict and severe man. After all, she thought, a well disciplined
    life at the hands of a merciless Master, were all a slave girl truly could
    ever hope for.   
 Many pleasantries and words were exchanged
    over coffee between the two men, as the girl sat, feeling alone and oblivious,
    on the floor at her new Master's feet. Soon, the afternoon had turned into
    evening and it was time for her previous Owner to leave. With a heavy heart,
    she crawled behind her new Master, trailing from the long leash He held in
    His hand, as they escorted her previous owner to the door.   
 On the way out, He stopped and turned to her
    and tosselled her hair with one hand as He lightly stroked her face with
    the other. Her sadness had now left her and she now only felt an empty void,
    where she thought love and caring had once been. She only had her mind on
    one thing, and that was already on how she could please her new Master.   
 Before the door was even closed on her old
    life, she was beginning to think of ways to make her new life more tolerable.
    She thought maybe she could get lost in old memories of bygone days, in order
    to pass the hours of loneliness and solitude she was sure to be forced to
    deal with. She supposed if she always closed her eyes during sessions with
    this new man, perhaps she could imagine that it was her old Master. Or she
    could pretend that she had been kidnapped, and she was being held for His
    devious sexual purposes--   
 A harsh tug to her leash and she realized,
    again, where she was and whom she was with. Defeatedly, she crawled behind
    Him until they reached the living room. She remained stiffly, on all fours,
    as He circled around her, prying His fingers into all of her orifices. He
    checked her mouth, ran His fingers across her teeth as if she were an animal.
    He wedged His long cold fingers between her ass cheeks and fingered her tiny,
    clenched ass hole. He reached beneath her with His thumb and pinched her
    clit as He inserted His digit into her moist warm pussy. He said not one
    word to her to try and comfort her and help her through this humiliating
    ordeal... Inspections never got easier over time.   
 His fingers were cold and so was His voice,
    when He finally did speak to her. His words were more void of emotion than
    His face. All He managed to do, however, was make her feel more helpless
    and less human, with each thing He said. He spoke as if He was appraising
    a piece of cattle, not even talking to her, but just speaking in general,
    about her. He remarked on how nicely lubricated her cunt already was and
    how deeply He'd be able to fuck her throat. He bounced each of her breasts
    in His palms and said that they were sufficient... merely sufficient. This
    was truly the most unbearable inspection she had ever gone through.   
 Things were not at their worst, however. In
    moments, when she thought her face could not glow any brighter red, the man
    clapped His hands and the crisp sound of stiletto heels, clicking against
    the slick tile, crackled through the air. The slave was so amazed that someone
    else had been there the entire time, that she couldn't stop herself before
    turning her head to look at the magnificent sight coming towards her. Her
    Master, too, was eyeing the beautiful creature that was now entering the
    room, and so her slight disobedience went unnoticed.   
 The heel clad woman was tall and curvy, dressed
    in a tight corset and a long see through skirt, made of black chiffon. Her
    blood red panties were clearly visible as were the tops of her nipples which
    spilled out from her bulging corset. Around her neck was a thin black strip
    of leather with one tiny o ring, hanging from the center. The man looked
    down at the new slave and pointed. Quickly, she turned her head back to the
    floor. She felt the woman's eyes burning into her and soon, her long cool
    finger nails followed.   
 She ran them up and down her spine at first,
    then gently between the separation of her buttocks. The long nails tickled
    as they delicately danced around the bare skin on her plump vaginal lips.
    Her body jilted and shivered slightly from the annoyance of them. Finally,
    the woman herself, became annoyed and delivered a hard open handed smack
    directly on the slave's bottom. She was startled and looked back sharply,
    in disbelief. The corset bound female only laughed and pulled the piece of
    property up by her collar. The girl was astonished and nearly struggled to
    get away. Her new Master sensed that it was time to introduce His new pet
    to the old... and favorite.   
 Suddenly, He broke in between them, smirking
    at the tension between His two pretty beasts. The tall slender woman stood
    up, indignantly and disappeared into another room. The man got in His knees
    in front of the slave and took her face into His hands. He told the bewildered
    girl that she was going to have to be good and do as the other woman told
    her. He explained that she must learn her lesson now, immediately, before
    this bratty rivalry went any further.   
 The slave swallowed hard, trying to fight
    back the tears of despair that were welling up in her eyes. She was certain
    that this man's punishment would be cruel and painful beyond reason. She
    could not imagine what sort of cutting blows this mean, heartless man would
    deliver. Even on her first day as His slave, even for such a small infraction...
    Surely He would be completely merciless.   
 The next few seconds that passed were complete
    agony, waiting for the horrid first punishment to begin. Soon, the sound
    of clicking heels were again heard as the skirted woman returned. In her
    hands, she carried a long, slender riding crop, with a flapping strip of
    leather, dangling on the end. The girl bowed her head in resignment as she
    waited for the tool to be handed over to her new Master and to see how well
    she would be able to take His brand of discipline.   
 After a moment, it was apparent, that He was
    more cruel than she had originally thought... He had placed the heeled woman
    behind her and now directed her to commence with the beating.   
 The girl was enraged at the thought of another
    female slave, punishing her. She nearly boiled over with anger. The first
    bite of the crop caused all of her tears and anguish to spill from her eyes
    and burn into the roundness of her cheeks. The horrid sting on her flesh,
    scorched her, as if she was now branded permanently, as a slave's slave...
    this was truly going to be the biggest challenge yet. She knew it could never
    possibly get any lower than this... another mistaken thought, she would soon
    learn not to think again.   
 The second snap of the whip landed, marking
    the meat of her thigh with a long burgundy stroke. The woman wielded the
    whip with as much force, or more, than any man she had ever served. It was
    plainly obvious to the slave that this woman had a personal vendetta against
    her. The third stroke cut even deeper than the first two, sending the girl
    nearly sprawling onto the floor. She caught her choking breath and braced
    herself for the next series of welts. The fourth blow was cruel and intentionally
    harsh. It landed in the middle of her back and burned all the way through
    the slave's leather warmed body. For a moment, it seemed the whipping was
    over and she had a chance to calm herself and breath deeply as her frazzled
    nerves began settling down.   
 The heat on her skin began to cool, just as
    the heat from the anger within her began growing to a boil. From behind,
    the humiliation was just beginning to set in... the woman toyed with her
    pussy, striking it lightly and fast, back and forth, with the little flap
    of leather that hung from the end of the crop. She ran the corse part of
    the whip between her juicy lips, thrusting her wrist up as she did so, causing
    the poor slave to literally ride the object of discipline.   
 Despite her anger and her attempt at rebellion,
    her cunt grew wetter each second and the bucking movements of her hips, slowly
    began to get her off. She was in absolute misery... angry at herself for
    allowing this bitch to bring her pleasure. Her feet kicked against the floor
    as she was taunted. More out of a bratty tantrum than arousal. She moaned
    loudly, as if she were being fucked by three men at once. In her mind, she
    wanted so badly to make it be known that she was not enjoying the situation,
    so these small, submissive forms of insurrection, were all she had. Her training
    would not allow her to make any more an unpleasant scene, than that of which
    her body and moans could do, without speaking or breaking position.   
 Helplessly, she rolled her eyes and bit back
    her lip, from trying not to forget her place. All she wanted to do was snatch
    the riding crop from the slut's hands and shove her, face first, onto the
    floor and give her the beating of her life. In reality, however, that was
    exactly what was happening to her. Suddenly another cut across her ass and
    the slave yelped out violently in protest. Her Master had been watching the
    entire ordeal from the side lines, pleasuring Himself with the sight of His
    two slaves delivering discipline within their own ranks.   
 Once again, He knew it was time to step in,
    and offer His Mistress in training, a hand. He raised an eyebrow and the
    swinging motion of the whip stopped in mid air. Again, He went around in
    front of the sobbing girl on the floor and knelt down to meet her gaze. He
    patted her head and pulled her close to Him and allowed her to sob into His
    chest. She could not breathe well and He shooshed her and lulled her to try
    and calm her down. She thought that perhaps His sick little game was done
    and now she would be allowed to rest and rethink her stay at this horrid
    place. When finally her sobs quieted and she could again take in air, He
    stood up where He had just knelt and looked back at His other pet. The whip
    lifted again, higher this time and with much more force than before. The
    slave was astonished and again began producing sounds of anguish. Just as
    the crop welted her thighs and another loud howl came from the girl's mouth,
    her Master unzipped His pants and told her she needed to remain quiet.   
 She was barely able to get the entire sound
    out, before His cock was stuffed deeply into her throat. His massive member
    was larger than any she had ever known and it muffled her straining cries
    in two seconds flat. As she suffocated on it and attempted to suck it properly,
    another wack was delivered and His cock barged in deeper. Now, she certainly
    could not breathe or get her barrings straight. She wanted to please and
    satisfy on her first oral experience with her new Owner, but the woman behind
    her seemed set out to ruin it. She simply could not suck properly with the
    whip constantly catching her from behind. Her quivering lips could not grip
    and through the tears, she was not even able to see what she was doing.   
 Fed up, appeared her new Master and suddenly
    He grabbed her hair and lifted her face so that all of her weight was being
    supported by her finger tips. Her facial hole was being raped brutally fast.
    Her head snapped back and forth from His cock thrustings and the pulling
    of her hair. She could not concentrate on putting on a display of displeasure
    from the whipping anymore. She felt the stings, but was now only able to
    make small whimpers into the hard, raging dick that was repeatedly violating
    her throat. She felt His cock swell as another flick of the whip punished
    her bare ass. She was thankful He would be cumming soon. She expected it
    to be emptied into her mouth and she prepared herself to swallow all of it.   
 Instead, just as His cock contracted again,
    He pulled Himself out and rushed off behind her, keeping His hard on at full
    throttle in His hand. The motion of the crop ceased and she heard it fall
    to the ground, just before hearing another large thunk as the woman from
    behind dropped to her knees. Slurping sounds could be heard as well as the
    woman's heaving breaths and grateful moans. Jealously suddenly overcame the
    new slave from the woman's grunts of ecstasy. That spoilt bitch was going
    to get to savor the cum, rather than she, who had suffered and earned it.   
 Again, hot tears of envy ran down her red
    face... she had to get revenge. Just as that thought had crossed her mind,
    a sizzling gush of sperm poured onto her blistered backside, wiping away
    any thoughts of insubordination. The saltiness of the cum penetrated her
    fresh wounds, making them feel as though they were bubbling from the heat.
    Silently, she whined, feeling relieved it was all over and a bit thankful
    that the heeled woman did not get to enjoy His treat after all... she had
    again, thought too soon...   
 In moments, she could feel the warm, wet stroke
    of the woman's tongue, sopping up His cum from her backside. Her tongue penetrated
    deeply into the valleys of the welts, purposely prolonging the sting. Every
    stroke of her tongue on the irritated cum covered flesh, felt like another
    cut from the whip. How much could One torture a slave? She wondered hopelessly.
    In the hours that followed, she was about to find out.   
 Once the ordeal was over and the slut's tongue
    had cleaned up all of her Master's cum, the new slave was even more broken
    down than before. Her backside burned and itched terribly. She was filled
    with hateful mean thoughts of her new Master and His apprentice. Sounds of
    praise seemed to echo in the large empty house. The top slave was being touched
    and fondled and told what a good job she had done. The new slave only remained
    there, on all fours, awaiting some attention to be paid to her welts. Her
    old Master would have cleaned them by now and rubbed in some sort of alleviating
    ointment to calm the blisters. Here, she would get no such treatment.   
 She waited in agony as the corsetted woman
    relished the attention she was receiving. Not being able to see the display
    behind her only made matters worse... it made the sounds of satisfaction
    seem even louder and more audible. She could only imagine the wide painted
    smile that undoubtedly covered the snide cunt's face. It made her sick to
    know that this was going to be her life.   
 At last, the awful show of affection between
    the smitten couple had ceased. Heels were heard clicking down the hall again
    and finally disappeared far away from where they just had been. Now, the
    slave girl was left completely to her new Master. She could be alone with
    Him and hopefully try to please Him and make amends for the bad start that
    had taken place.   
 When He came around to the front of her again,
    she glowed with the hope of a chance to set things right. But He did not
    bend down this time to speak to her... He did not even look at her. He simply
    took her leash into His hands and began pulling her along behind Him, as
    He strolled out of the room. Confused and a bit aggravated, she followed,
    obediently and quietly, not wanting to make any more waves. The brisk walk
    was short and fast and the tone in her Master's manner was curt. The way
    He tugged her along and held the leash extra high as He moved quickly down
    the hall, were signs that He was displeased.   
 As they entered a large, pink carpeted room,
    she hung her head in shame and humiliation when she spotted the other slave
    sprawled out on the floor. The blonde slut was nude now, except for the black
    patent heels and delicate shiny collar around her long, graceful neck. She
    rolled in the lush pink carpet as if it were a grassy field in spring.   
 Stopping His new pet in the doorway, He dropped
    her leash and made it clear that she was not permitted in this room.   
 It seemed to be the only room of color in
    the entire house. The walls were colored a cotton candy pink and the thick,
    soft carpet was just a shade darker. Against the far wall directly across
    the door, was a large round bed, covered in a pale pink satin comforter.
    There were a dozen pink heart shaped pillows filling half the bed... all
    trimmed in shiny white silk. A big white chair sat in a corner, over stuffed
    and looking to be as soft as a cloud. Mirrors hung on the ceiling above the
    bed and a whitewashed hope chest sat in a far corner beside the sleek marble
    fire place. Other than the tiny white make up table and a small white chest
    of drawers that were tucked away into nooks in the room, it was a completely
    large and opened space. This must be the favorite's room, the new slave thought
    with disgust. She wondered what her room would be like, or if she even was
    to have one. She shook her head and figured not.   
 As she stood in the doorway, like a dog forbidden
    to enter, she took in the clean fresh aroma of perfume and make up that emitted
    from the elaborate bedroom. She snapped herself out of the blissful daze,
    imagining that it was her room and wondering what it would feel like to sleep
    on such a magnificent bed. Her Master was approaching.   
 He again picked up the leash and guided her
    through the arched door way. Inside it was more breath taking than before.
    The slut glared at her, disgusted at the thought of another female entering
    her quarters. Master gave her a sign and immediately she, too was down on
    all fours, staring directly into the new slave's eyes. This made her squirm
    and feel very uneasy. The chain of command had well been established and
    it was quite clear that she was on the very bottom of it.   
 Standing between the two eager little slaves,
    He placed His hands on each of their heads, rubbing them and smiling down
    at each one. He seemed so pleased with His new situation and it made both
    females hate one another even more. He crouched down and pulled the two brats
    closer together by their collars. He looked hard at them both and told them
    that if they were both to serve Him properly, they would have to learn to
    get along and learn to play nicely together. Stifled grunts passed between
    the slaves and suddenly the man was up and moving toward the white chest
    beside the fire place.   
 He was nearly giddy as He rooted through the
    box, pulling objects out and setting them on the floor. He removed about
    ten items and then called to the first female. Looking back at the new girl,
    with a proud smirk on her face, she trotted over to her Master. No one spoke,
    but in seconds, the slave picked up one of the objects in her teeth and crawled
    back to where she was before. When she was back in position in front of the
    new property, she dropped the pink rubbery dildo onto the carpet. The new
    meat bit her lip wondering what could possibly be happening now. Suddenly,
    Master's fingers snapped and she was called to the box. She viewed the items
    on the floor and was told to pick whichever one she wanted. She studied them
    all... a large red ball gag, a pair of metal nipple clamps, a string of anal
    beads, a long rubber stick with a large purple feather on the end and many
    other tasty toys...at last she decided on a tiny silver vibrator. She was
    then ordered to crawl back to where she had been and set the toy down in
    front of her, just as the other slave had done.   
 He followed this time and told His first slave
    to lay flat on her back and spread her legs wide. Naturally, she obeyed,
    but the new slave could detect the defiance in her eyes. She sat wide eyed,
    trying to prepare herself for what was to come. &quot;Now you.&quot;, He
    said to her. She too, obeyed and laid spread legged on her back. Shaking
    His head, suddenly, He grabbed a hold of each girls' ankle and drug them
    closer together. He placed them so that the new slave's legs were stretched
    outside the other's, resting on top of the other girls widely opened knees.
    Now both females were splayed directly across from one another... their pussys
    nearly touching. He handed each of them the toy of their choosing and commanded
    them to please each other.   
 The new pet clicked on the vibrator and blindly
    reached for the other girl's cunt. She could feel the heat coming off her
    play mate's sex as she massaged the tool all around her vaginal lips. At
    the same time, her own pussy was being stabbed with the soft, supple head
    of the dildo, as the first female tried to locate her hungry little orifice.
    Finally, the stupid bitch found it and rammed it in as hard as she could.
    The slave cried out from the penetration. Her hole was so tight from arousal,
    that it could barely accommodate the thick rubber toy.   
 In an act of revenge, she jammed her vibrator
    cruelly up against the slut's clit, pushing it hard into her as she pumped
    up the speed. The woman jumped and twitched from the intensity and began
    pumping the dildo into her colleague unmercifully. Soon, the two little nymphs
    were laying there, moaning and pushing their arms as fast and hard as they
    could into each other. Their bodies writhed and their backs lifted and arched
    from the swirling motions and bucking of their hips. It was growing apparent
    that someone was going to cum soon. The two bitch's breathing was becoming
    heated and fast, more like panting and their legs were intertwining and rubbing
    against each others like rubber bands ready to snap.   
 When their Master caught site of their twisted,
    flushed faces and viewed them now trying to feel each other's swollen tits,
    He decided it should not go any further. Standing over top of them, He demanded
    that they stop. They girl's whimpered as they retracted their glistening
    toys. The strong, sexual scent lingered in the air as the two objects were
    lifted and handed to their Master. Each pair of long, smooth legs separated
    and laid flat against their owners. He ordered the slaves up and onto their
    knees. They knelt in front of each other again, angry at the display they
    had just been forced to put on. They could not look in each other's eyes
    as they huffed, exhausted and now quite horny. Master placed a hand on each
    of His slave's shoulders and told them that now, they would have to make
    up and show that there was no ill will between them... and, if they did not
    please Him with their affection toward each other, He would be forced to
    remind them of why they were here in the first place... It seemed there would
    be no end to this man's cruelty, the new slave thought. Whatever it took,
    she was determined to please Him... with that, she swallowed all of her pride,
    shut her eyes and leaned gently toward her rival....   
 Her lips curled back, dry and nervous as she
    edged her way over to the other piece of meat. She kept her knees firmly
    in place, as her shoulders pressed sharply forward and her neck stretched
    gracefully toward the slut's face. The other girl did nothing to accommodate.
    In fact, she even backed away ever so slightly, at the new girl's advances.
    Pinning her head back, so that the new slave was forced to work even harder
    than before. Surely Master could see what was going on, thought the enraged,
    bitter new slave. If He did, He pretended not to notice it and simply sat
    back and watched, to see how His pets would handle this themselves. The tall
    blonde female continued to agitate the willing newcomer. A few more inches
    of the brat backing her face up, was all the poor girl could take. She was
    trying to do her best to fit in with her new circumstances, and this jealous
    whore was trying to ruin it for her.   
 Finally, a wave of heat rushed through her
    body and her heart began racing wildly. Holding her breath, she raised up
    onto her knees and latched both of her hands on each side of the bitch's
    head, clasping her just below the ears. She yanked the cunt's face to hers
    and engulfed her pouty lips, with her own. The heeled girl tried backing
    away, but the new slave had leverage over her, making her grip strong and
    unyielding. She wanted to make this kiss worth while for her new Master and
    so she eased up just a little. Moving her face back slightly, she suckled
    on the slut's plump lips gently, shaping them into a perfect heart shaped
    pucker. She ran her tongue between the moist part of them, making them shine
    from her saliva. Finally, the prized pet's mouth opened as the slave inserted
    her tongue inside, just far enough so that Master could still see it. The
    two girls lapped each other's lips and tongues, playfully fighting for control
    of the other's mouth. Soon, the other bitch was up on her knees as well.
    Her arms rested upon her new play mate's shoulders as her fingers combed
    through her long, soft hair. Their facial holes were locked together tightly
    and their tongues had disappeared into the backs of each other's throats.
    Only the movements of their jaw muscles and subtle tossing of their heads,
    could be seen.   
 Slowly their hands began wandering and eventually,
    their paws found each other's breasts... again. Their hard nipples seemed
    to be like forbidden fruit to them and they would soon learn, that fondling
    each other's tits, without specific instruction to do so, was strictly off
    limits...   
 Master stepped in and cruelly plucked them
    apart by their hair. He used such force, that each slave nearly fell back
    onto the carpet. They sat on their heels across from each other, with their
    heads down and eyes to the floor in shame. He held each slut's chin in His
    hands and gave each of them a devious smile. He instructed them to stay and
    quickly disappeared out of the room.   
 The two animals were left to wonder, in agony,
    what they were in for now. The tall blonde began sniffling as a mist crossed
    her eyes... surely, she knew what was coming... and based upon the sincere
    sounds of her whimpers, the new slave was certain that it was going to be
    awful.   
 To be continued....   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kaja_m


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





