BDSM Library - Voyeur de la nuit




Voyeur de la nuit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man has it all, loses some and then somehow decides it all will be different. He finds he is developing a taste for the 'different', or what he was previously unaccustomed to.Voyeur de la Nuit
He closed yet another deal. This time he had managed
  to buy out the sole owner of a small magazine. It was yet another acquisition
  for his company, something that would keep the managing director content as
  this now brought the company full circle. A monopoly in the local nightclub
  market, Razorswift, created in the late 60's by Sebastian Cohen, had grown
  to the degree that they now organised major corporate events that were held
  in the worthwhile venues all over the city. If it wasn't a major social event &ndash; Razorswift
  was not interested. The small time magazine that Mark acquired focused on upcoming
  music releases, bands, tours and nightlife events. A large slice of it's revenue
  was gathered from advertisers that ranged from clothing manufacturers, mobile
  disc jockeys for hire and of course the local restaurants and clubs. Mark was
  to change all this as this magazine would only feature events organised by
  the company or would promote artists, venues and events that were organised
  by Razorswift. At 35, Mark Symonds was considered a high flyer amongst the
  close circle of people that knew him &ndash; those that saw him in the office
  each day. He did not have time for social events; he abhorred gold digging
  glamour women and being photographed with a bevy of hangers on at social functions.
  An assistant managing director for the last four years, he had managed to gather
  a nice share portfolio that matched with the architecturally designed beach
  house and M3 BMW. He did not believe in taking out loans or using credit to
  acquire assets, all were owned outright. From time to time he would 'try before
  he bought', forking out his platinum AMEX card for that test drive on a brand
  spanking new Rolls Royce or the Eurasian 'sex' goddess at Tiffany's bordello &ndash; he
  enjoyed making her crawl on the concrete one cold night so he could see her
  pick up dollar bills, she did not like the scrapes on her bare knees but that
  was tough luck. 
The day had come to an end Mark guessed as he strained
  to hear some type of noise. There was no inter office chatter amongst the 'women'
  who bantered each day about their boring love lives and recent purchases. He
  decided that it was all clear to make his way home now that he had accomplished
  the possible &ndash; everything was possible in Mark's mind &ndash; and Sebastian
  was away in Europe. Today was a day that was satisfying, not so much in relation
  to the company's acquisition of Edge magazine, but he did not think about the
  mere fact that he would once again be entering an empty house, a house which
  one year previously also housed his lover of five years. Natalie had seen him
  rise through the rungs of the ladder rapidly, she had been with him through
  the tough university days, through each unsuccessful job interview and had
  fed, cooked and cleaned for him while she worked as a direct marketing manager
  for a small local newspaper. He returned the favour by purchasing that long
  admired convertible Mercedes for her and by going down on bended knee to propose.
  Mark thought that was adequate, Natalie however failed to see the logic behind
  his need to work long hours and be at Sebastian Cohen's beck and call.  
'I never see you!' came the typical comment many
  women the world over would make. He cringed as her voice came into his mind.
  This comment would always be the catalyst of what followed.  
'How do you think I bought your Mercedes darling?'
  Mark would reply sardonically, while staring daggers through her. She had to
  go.  
His finger pressed the button twice on his electronic
  key chain to unlock and disengage the alarmed BMW, the noise that followed
  echoed through the parking lot.  
Ahh Natalie, the curvaceous trophy. That was what
  she had become, after all she had all the time to visit the gym each morning
  and more time to engage in all her extra curricular body beautiful activities.
  Manicures took place on Monday and Friday. Brazilian waxes took place every
  four weeks depending on the hair growth and every once in a while she would
  undergo the full facial treatment. God knew what else she did, as it had gotten
  to the point where he could not distinguish whether her face was of her own
  making or whether she had additional help on the way. Botox? Maybe. Blonde,
  tanned and beautiful in the Christie Brinkley type of way, she contrasted with
  his dark appearance. Mark was often mistaken for being Mediterranean; it was
  his height that threw people off track. He was way too tall to be Sicilian,
  yet his skin had that smooth tanned olive look and his hair was black velvet.
  Well muscled without added help from free weights or hydraulic gym machines,
  his physique together with his height &ndash; six feet four inches &ndash; made
  for a imposing look. Everyone literally looked up to him at work, and no one
  dreamt of ever fucking with him lest they would be cast into the eternal pit
  of damnation, which meant that they would never be promoted or trusted to handle
  anything more complex than typing memos. As he adjusted his rear view mirror
  in preparation to reverse he caught a glimpse of his reflection. Yes he was
  attractive, definitely. In his own mind he was a nine out of ten, if not a
  ten. Like Narcissus admiring his perfection albeit without the threat of contributing
  to his own demise, Mark did notice that he looked tired. Eyes that were jet
  black, piercing and framed by even curved dark eyebrows were now bloodshot.
  He had slept a total of four hours in three days and now that the major deal
  was complete he had planned on lounging at home with a shot of Dimple and the
  stereo playing some Sinatra.  
It became 9pm when Mark emerged from the shower
  wrapped in his plush bathrobe. His skin now smelled of Bvlgari body lotion
  and his hair was wet, the thick pile of terry cloth of his robe absorbed drops
  of water. The small bar welcomed him with open arms as he met with the amber
  filled bottle and unscrewed the top. His hands reached into the small fridge
  and grabbed the small ice tray. After preparing his elixir he made his way
  to his prized possession, the home theatre which featured an array of all the
  latest technological gadgets: a large screen plasma home theatre, a digital
  stereo and a dvd player. The speakers were situated all over the room, small
  yet the most superior. But tonight he forgot about the Sinatra urge and instead
  opened up the most recent DVD he purchased online. Mark's hand trembled as
  he opened the cover. Right hand carefully edging the disk out of pack, left
  index finger in the hole, Mark carefully loaded the disk into the DVD player,
  grabbed the remote and made his way onto the leather sofa preparing for what
  was to unfold. Inwardly he could not wait, he knew that the sound quality would
  heighten his senses, after all watching Braveheart had made him feel like he
  was William Wallace right up to the end scene where Wallace was drawn and quartered.
  A butterfly fluttered in his belly as he saw the opening title: 'Midnight Interlude'.  
It was dark, night, and difficult to see
      the oncoming window that was left a fraction open. Was it summer? Is that
      why the window was left open? Hmm they couldn't afford aircon or 'she'
      couldn't afford aircon. The camera zoomed to the window and the next thing
      that came into the lens was a gloved hand that reached to push the window
      slowly upward&hellip;   
   
Mark found that he was holding his breath. The glove
  was made of leather, black and almost oily looking. The hand firmly gripped
  the window edge and pushed.  
The curtain is pushed aside as he enters
      the study, yes it's a study because there is book shelving and a bureau
      with a desktop perched in the centre. Mmmm okay, upstairs is where the
      action will be. The camera is the eye that sees in the dark, extra special
      camera, built for maximum action, infrared. It walks through the study,
      the gloved hand opens the study door and the camera waltzes through toward
      the stairs, on the way up, up up we go..   
   
He leaned his head forward as if to see in the dark
  himself. It surely must have been a night of the full moon as he could see
  light being reflected from the outside windows and into the walls of the house.
  As the camera climbed the stairs and made it's way to the correct door Mark
  was gritting his teeth in a bid to cease the palpitations that were emanating
  from his chest as these often meant that the heat of arousal would soon follow.  
Ever so silent, the door is opened and
      there sprawled in the centre of the bed naked is the woman of his dreams,
      dark fantasies.. of his life. Waiting practically a lifetime for this moment,
      here it is. Her body reflects a silvery grey light&hellip;ahhhh the moon
      and it's wonder. From a distance of little more than a metre the rise and
      fall of her breasts can be seen as she inhales and exhales. Breasts the
      shape of curved drops, medium areolae, the perfect handful. Her legs are
      firm; she runs or does a twice-weekly Stairmaster? Of course she does,
      because she has been seen doing this as a weekly ritual. As the camera
      faces her directly, her left leg is spread further apart from her right
      and slightly bent.    
   
It was hard to tell whether she was bare between
  her legs or whether she had a nicely trimmed mound. All in all she looked delectable
  regardless of whether she was shaved or not. Mark wanted to be the cameraman,
  to have the chance to run his hands all over that sleeping body. A verse from
  a seldom-heard song came into his mind.  
" I watch you when your sleeping/ and then I wanna
  take your love&hellip;"  
Mark could feel his cock hardening.  
The lens moves all over her body, every
      angle beginning at her feet and moving slowly upward. Her toenails are
      black and shiny, painted obviously yet the colour yet to be determined
      and cannot be determined if the lights remain switched off. On the side
      of her right ankle is a tattoo of a butterfly, naughty girl. Her calves
      are shapely, firm yet solid. She can run more than five kilometres. Hairless
      legs, fully waxed in all their fineness. Her thighs are smooth as well,
      not overly muscular, but the shape of her quadriceps are obvious, if only
      the lens could take a glimpse of her ass. Onto her pelvic triangle, the
      lens moves closer. Nice and tasty, no hair except for the small strip,
      a couple of centimetres long at the most, labia completely bare and smooth.
      A hand breezes in front of the lens, wanting to touch her in her intimate
      place yet pauses as though it's in mid thought. Hand returning behind the
      lens, the view now moves toward her belly. There is no six-pack there.
      Her stomach is flat yet the appearance is soft. A metallic glint sparkles
      in the eye of the lens. There is a curved piece of metal threaded through
      the strip of flesh just above her navel. She is pierced. Very naughty girl.
      Moving upward slowly, in a taunting fashion&hellip;   
The warm flush of relief spread throughout Mark
  when the cameraman's hand returned to the camera as the moment would have been
  spoiled if her pussy was touched, far better for the camera to be on her face
  when the moment of surprise did come. Mark could feel his body temperature
  rising simultaneously with the increasing throbbing sensation that was originating
  in his pelvis, yes he was hard now but he did not want to touch his cock, he
  wanted to take the long route to extend the sensation even though the image
  of her bare pussy created waves that were rippling through him. He pressed
  his thighs close together, rotating his pelvis slightly upward involuntarily.  
'Down boy.' He muttered to himself. There was plenty
  of time, right now he was on an orgasmic journey where the ultimate visual
  prize was to hear and witness the ultimate surprise.  
..such lovely breasts, the lens moves
      closer. Beginning with the left breast, moving over the nipple and then
      draping it's viewpoint to the right followed by a complete frame of the
      paired fleshy mounds. Moving upward, the lens barely stops at her neck,
      as it's eager to capture her dreaming face. Head turned toward the right;
      her left cheek is exposed, as is the curve of her jaw line. Her lips are
      fleshy, obvious. The bottom lip is thicker than her top lip, which is voluminous
      in it's own right. Relaxed she is, very relaxed in her own world right
      this minute. Carefully groomed dark eyebrows frame her closed eyes that
      are fanned by her eyelashes; the lens dares to move so close. Is she in
      REM sleep? Yes, her eyes are fluttering. Dreams, faraway places, a world
      that is so far removed from the present, something which she will collide
      with when the very second presents itself.   
Lips he could kiss, a mouth he could nibble on.
  She had hair long enough to play with, except his definition of playing had
  nothing to do with braiding or twirling. Mark imagined entwining his hand in
  her hair, grabbing a fistful and with one swift firm yank pull her head back,
  watching her mouth gape open and her eyes widen with shock. Funny he had never
  had such fantasies while sharing five years of his life with Natalie. It was
  the usual foreplay, hands, mouths, fingers, oral and his entry into her pussy.
  Once she even allowed him to fuck her ass, but that took months of cajoling
  in addition to handing the bitch a Cartier watch. After he had done the deed
  she couldn't resist the attempt to make him feel a lesser man for it, but one
  thing she did not envision &ndash; something she ought to have known- was his
  reaching his limits with her. Mark dealt with her the following month, ensuring
  that she would never haunt his office, his house nor have any shred of a professional
  reputation. Of course the catalyst to the final solution concerned the discovery
  of her sucking the gardener's cock the day he decided to surprise her with
  an early trip home and a pair of airline tickets to Fiji, but hey there are
  worse things out there. No one fucked with Mark and yet he did experience moments
  where the urge for companionship cut through him like a jagged sliver, however
  he was not ready nor willing to be placed in any vulnerable situation. He opted
  to be in full control rather than be a 'half' shareholder in a relationship,
  if he was now capable of having one.  
He didn't like thinking of Natalie, but the positive
  aspect of this was that it helped quell the hot arousal that was invading his
  whole body.  
Her face is the central image. All is
      still. Her lips shift as she is dreaming, they are slightly apart. A few
      more seconds pass and her head slowly shifts to the other side. As her
      head shifts her full succulent lips come to a close that coincides with
      a slight smile. She is having a pleasant dream all right. How pleasant?
      Or is it sexual? The distance between the camera increases slightly and
      the angle changes as the camera is placed on a surface. From her bedside
      on the right hand side there is a view of her turned head, the smooth straight
      bridge of her nose aligns perfectly with her mouth. So close. From the
      left side of the lens a black shadow encroaches, a black mask appears.
      The gloved hand snakes over her shoulder and reaches her crowning glory
      to make contact in a firm grip. One second..two..three.. four&hellip;   
Mark's eyes were so relaxed, his eyelids, heavy
  and he knew he reached a nice level of arousal, which can be comfortably maintained
  without going to far. His hand reached the belt of his robe and untied it,
  parting the robe to reveal his engorged cock. But he didn't touch it, he saw
  how hard he was and wanted to begin stroking his cock but the self-imposed
  torture of the wait is was too delicious.  
"Oh yes, she is pretty, how pretty will she be when
  she is surprised?" He thought.  
Torn between her sleeping image with that of the
  oncoming face of her shock faced animation, he was not sure whether he wanted
  to pause the image or continue. Yes the cameraman is going to yank her hair,
  pull her head back, something which has been flitting in and out of his mind
  over the last few weeks ever since he started to feel these urges, after the
  realisation that his ex fianc&eacute;e could never fulfil the intensity he
  required.  
&hellip; swift and electric the hand is
      graceful in it's movement.   
'Mmmphhhhhhwha&hellip;..????????'    
The light, camera and the eyes, at first
      half closed and in one second wide open. The left gloved hand is ready
      to cover her mouth and it does, tightly. Her eyebrows rise up, she then
      knits them close together in confusion all the while her dark eyes are
      staring right into the lens. Like a rabbit stunned by a spotlight, she
      cannot move, even if she wanted to she is aware that her head is held back
      and her mouth covered.   
   
'Shhhhhhhh now.' The masked man murmurs.
      'So very sweet, I hope you are intelligent enough to not make one sound.'   
   
Her head makes a small shaking movement
      as if to say 'no', her eyes are still wide.   
   
He slowly takes his hand away from her
      mouth and reaches down, away from the camera. A light clicks on, her bedside
      lamp and colour is instantly born. Her lips are slightly apart, her eyes
      staring ahead of the lens into another place. His right hand still entwined
      in her hair. A roll of duct tape is brought into view as he deftly moves
      her head so she faces upward and her profile is seen. He takes her face
      into both of his gloved hands and glides his hands under the small of her
      neck, moving all her hair out of the way and up over onto the pillow, way
      out over, it appears he anticipated it would be more than half the length
      of her back.   
The skin of her face and chest is a porcelain
      colour, untanned. Lips a slightly dark shade of pink are now trembling.
      Her white pillow is adorned with her black highlighted hair. In front of
      her, facing her, sitting on top of her is a black figure, black long sleeved
      buttoned shirt, equally opaque trousers. His head is covered by a close
      fitting mask, modified so the wearer can see and breathe comfortably.   
   
She doesn't make a noise, but her breathing
      is laboured and heavy. The rise and fall of her chest is more obvious now.
      Her eyes avoid looking directly at the man; they look downward toward his
      chest as he removes his left glove with the aide of his teeth as he covers
      her mouth with his right hand. Once removed he grasps the roll of duct
      tape with his left, moves it to his mouth and separates the strip of tape
      from the roll. He shifts position, until he is balancing himself over her
      naked body as he kneels over her torso, knees covering her hands and arms.
      She cannot move as he begins his work, his weight covering her, the potential
      to smother her easily if she struggles. Quickly removing his hand he adheres
      the duct on her mouth and then proceeds to wind the tape around so it slightly
      covers her earlobes and encircles the area around her jaw and lower scalp,
      a full circle that is wound up three times before it's torn off with his
      teeth.   
   
'Oh baby, and I wanted that mouth of yours
      on my cock, but now is not the appropriate time for such things.' He says
      mockingly.   
Left hand bare, right hand gloved, he
      proceeds to stroke her hair with his left. His right hand moves toward
      his hips.   
   
The camera is a short distance away and
      all that can be seen is his right hand unbuckling his belt. She is lying
      down and can only be seen side on from the chest upward. Silent and still
      her eyes only focus on the man's chest. Pulling the belt free from the
      trouser loops, he fully brings it into full view of the woman.    
   
'Especially for you..' He trails off   
The picture changes momentarily as the
      camera is lifted and brought closer, the continuity flows as the lens now
      has a complete view of the woman's face, head on. Face to face with the
      camera she is ordered to look directly into the lens. Dark long lashes
      fan her eyes as she blinks rapidly and in those eyes was the mixture of
      fear, shame, terror and anxiety.    
'Focus bitch!' He growls.   
Her eyes immediately widen. The image
      rapidly fades away from the camera as the masked man shifts position &hellip;&hellip;   
   
Her eyes were perfect, the way they expressed fear.
  Mark could almost smell her terror, and wanted to reach out to begin stroking
  her face, but with gloved hands so she could feel the smooth texture of leather.
  As he reclined backward, his cock rested on his lower abdomen, erect and full
  of heat. This felt so good; he made a mental note to ask his anonymous online
  dealer if there were more films in the same genre on the market. The woman
  in the film did not resemble anyone that he had ever come across in his daily
  life, which was most probably why he was so aroused. All the women he saw day
  in and day out at the office were mundane.  
Initially Mark would entertain the fantasy that
  each conservatively dressed woman was a wildcat underneath. He imagined that
  underneath the beige coloured skirts and striped shirts lay a myriad of black
  lace or black pvc, yet upon listening in on conversations he realised that
  most women at his work lead reasonably uneventful sex lives so the fantasy
  eventually faded out. One day it would be his secretary whinging about the
  difficulty in meeting men, another day it would be a sassy wannabe young 'thang'
  ranting about how all men wanted sex and little else and her boyfriend was
  'lucky' to get what he wanted. Similar stories followed, so many that Mark
  stopped listening, lost interest and without realising initiated himself into
  the world of the workaholic who lived for work. It had dawned on him the very
  same afternoon he left his office early to surprise that cocksucker Natalie
  that he had sacrificed his urges. This was pointed out casually by a colleague
  who had met him at the elevator and expressed surprise that Mark was on his
  way out. In his mind he questioned whether Natalie was the reason why he remained
  behind. Sure he had made the excuse that without the time there would be no
  money, however this wasn't entirely true. As each day progressed it became
  natural to think of many excuses that kept him away from his beachside haven
  despite Natalie's protestations, he always reigned supreme. Even if he had
  been home at a reasonable time, she would always come out with something that
  would put him off the remainder of the evening. It had been a bad idea to transform
  her into a kept woman. He tired of talk concerning who was screwing whom amongst
  their circle of friends, what story development occurred on the Bold and the
  Beautiful and what happened at the gym that very morning. When it came to sex,
  she was content with the half hour 'standard' ritual. Natalie moaned, panted
  and screamed at all the right intervals that it bordered on ridiculous.  
One evening he purposefully made little effort in
  the sack. Yes he kissed her, but his hands did not take that extra time to
  caress her in her special places, they just roamed over her skin. Who cared
  whether her nipples needed extra attention that he would give by pinching them
  slightly? Mark even risked not licking her out, only roughly fingered her just
  for the sake of it, just to see her reaction. Yes she moaned, yes she writhed
  and so he just stuck his cock inside her and thrust in and out of her four
  or five times without warning her that he was about to cum. Upon eruption he
  smiled at her and just let himself go. Yes she moaned and raked her nails down
  his back. What a cunning bitch she was. The very next day she even had the
  cheek to bring home a thousand dollar Escada handbag and parade it instead
  of addressing his sexual err from the previous evening. Somewhere along the
  way Mark had lost control of the entire situation and he found that he did
  not like it. The gardener &ndash; with the mediocre cock &ndash; saved the
  day and gave him the insight that he deserved better and it was his plan to
  acquire something better, something that would completely satisfy all his urges,
  whether they were light or dark.  
He heard a shuffling noise and his eyes went back
  to the screen. Lost for a brief moment in Natalie thought, he chastised himself
  and pressed the remote to go back a few segments. The light is switched on&hellip; the
  cameraman fumbling with his belt and removing it.. the shift of the camera
  to capture her entire facial reaction&hellip;.and her eyes&hellip;.the fear.
  Mark wanted to see the very same thing facing him. He wanted to taste the small
  beads of perspiration that began to form at this woman's forehead with his
  tongue. Would she move her head to one side? How would he reprimand her for
  that? Oh he would slap her of course. One firm, yet unmarking slap across her
  right cheek so her face would swivel to the left. Then he would verbally chastise
  her for being so insolent and remind her that she was powerless to stop him
  in addition to being in store for more treats that he had up his sleeve.  
'Beautiful bitch.' He muttered breathily to the
  big screen that faced him.  
&hellip;the picture is obscured while
      the sound of movement continues. The lens comes alive once more as the
      woman is now on her stomach. The distance retreats as the man sets the
      camera down once again on the bedside table. Both of his hands are now
      free of the leather gloves, they are large and menacing. Each of his fingers
      is long and reasonably thick. He grasps her arms and brings them directly
      behind her, positioning them and warning her not to move. His body is now
      positioned on her ass, sitting on it as his legs are kneeling on either
      side of her hips. Her head is positioned so it faces the lens and her eyes
      are now tightly closed. She if frowning and he notices this as he peers
      over.   
'Now now baby.. don't be all sour for
      the camera.. make love to it..like you will be making love to me in good
      time&hellip;' the soothing voice says from behind the black shroud.   
He begins to bind her arms with his belt,
      bringing the belt under her arms just above her elbows. Looping the belt
      twice over each arm, so that each arm is fully encircled, he then brings
      the ends together anteriorly so he is facing the buckle. Threading the
      notched end of the thick leather, he firmly secures the belt on his new
      possession. Hands free, he runs one hand down toward her ass, over her
      right buttock and gives her a firm squeeze. Her eyes widen once more and
      she frowns yet again despite his previous instruction.   
'Is that a sound that your making sweety?
      Did you grumble?'    
'Mmmmphhhhhh.' Is the reply.   
He squeezes both of her buttocks simultaneously.
      The depth of the squeeze is captured by the lens as his left hand digs
      into her flesh.   
'MMMMMMMMMMGHHHHHHH!!!!! She replies from
      underneath the gag, accompanied by a short struggle against him.   
   
'We aren't going to have that kind of
      attitude!'   
SLAPPPPPP. The sound is loud. It permeates
      through her room. She squeezes her eyelids shut. Once, twice, it continues.
      He slaps her rear a total of five times. Hard. The impact of his hand against
      her smooth creamy ass immediately forces her to open her eyes in reflex
      mode.. The camera shifts again, brought closer to her face, capturing her
      shock, her eyes are watery and her forehead is now covered with beads of
      perspiration.   
'You can nod if something is unpleasant
      you know, oh I know I did not tell you that, how clumsy of me..' He trails
      off, chuckling as he now bends forward nearing her ear.   
'That behaviour deserved my reward, don't
      you think so pussycat?'    
   
She shakes her head from side to side
      all the while looking straight ahead.   
   
'A nod means 'no more', a side to side
      headshake means 'more'..no means yes and yes means no, understan   
She shakes her head once again.   
'Good. I'm glad we now understand one
      another.'    
   
He raises her upward so that the lens
      focuses on the far wall behind. Her breasts come into focus. Pale and full,
      ravishing and fleshy.    
'Look at the camera.' Comes the firm order.   
She casts her eyes downward to look into
      the lens. Her mouth is covered by layers of silver tape. Her brown eyes
      are downtrodden and had they had a mouth they would be screaming blue murder.
      Placed like a doll on his lap, she doesn't help; her body is lifeless as
      her eyes stare at some distant spot somewhere ahead. The only inkling that
      she breathes is her very breath. Her head is next to his covered face;
      he peers toward the camera through small slits. She remains in her world
      and is rapidly jerked out of it by his right hand pulling her hair and
      head back, holding her in position. Left hand snaking over her chest, his
      fleshy hand circles over her left breast. He plays, caresses the flesh
      as she is forced to make eye contact with the camera lens. Index and middle
      fingers of his hand clip against her nipple and begin to tweak it repeatedly.
      In her ear he leans as he begins to tell her how much he wants her and
      how she is going to want him. He talks of how she likes this, how it makes
      her feel and how he can tell as her right nipple is getting hard without
      any direct stimulation. She turns her head to the right and downward as
      he takes a firmer hold of her hair and pulls her closer to his head. The
      left hand makes its way to her right breast and begins more of the same,
      his fingers directly closing in on her nipple, softly caressing it before
      pinching it firmly. She makes a sound that can be barely heard from underneath
      the gag. His masked face rubs against her neck as his hands increase their
      momentum and squeeze her right breast firmly. He mentions that the fit
      is perfect, had he not had his mask on he would attempt to take it all
      into his mouth and then gradually let her flesh escape until his mouth
      reached her nipple, of which he would ravenously suck hard.   
"Just fuck her, forget the caressing, part her legs
  and fuck her!' Mark mutters to the screen. He is impatient and he can feel
  it. His hand has wandered to his cock and has begun stroking it slowly. Raking
  his free hand through his black thick hair, he lets out a sigh and leans forward
  and takes a gulp of whisky. Feeling the burning sensation all the way down
  his throat, he takes a second to pause the film so he can gather his thoughts.
  The sound quality was damn excellent, so much so that her muffled protestations
  rapidly excited him, as did the cameraman's instructions. He could not wait;
  he decided to go forward a few segments with the image on (in case he missed
  something).  
Hands caressing each breast one after the other
  then back&hellip;fingers pinching the nipples.he stops as it looks like he
  is squeezing very hard&hellip;. so much so she her eyes appear to be widening.
  The cameraman's left hand reaches downward. Oh yes.  
'Let's see shall we?' The calm voice states.   
The left hand lets go of her breast and
      moves downward. Her right leg is shifted so that her knee is over his right
      thigh; he repeats the same with her left leg. His hand begins to stroke
      her mound.   
'Mmmm.. smooth aren't you, little girl?'   
She does not move, merely breathes in
      a set rhythm with her eyes fixed on his left hand, eyeing it as if to exclaim
      that it's size is too intimidating for words.    
Her eyes blink rapidly as his hand appears
      to change position. His hand moves rapidly against her flesh.   
'I'll start with one finger, we shall
      see how many you can take as we go along'   
Only his arm can be seen up to his wrist,
      moving in an even in and out rhythm, sometimes stopping at intervals where
      it appears to be making circular movements.   
'Oh you like that don't you? Is that the
      way you do it as well? Yes that's the way you do it. How can I tell?&hellip;Your
      so moist.'   
His tone of voice caresses her ear as
      he continues playing with her. Stopping only momentarily, he reaches forth
      and brings the camera closer as he raises his knee upward between her legs.
      His right hand comes forth and around her hip to settle on her mound and
      his fingers spread her open for a moment so the lens can have a decent
      view before his fingers, two this time, made their way deep inside her
      in one swift movement.   
The sound coming from the woman's mouth was a mix
  of a moan and a wail, having digital surround sound was a bonus for it animated
  the sound, made it all the more real. If anyone walked in on Mark at this very
  moment and happened upon the wide screen the assumption would have been that
  the man in the movie did not give a toss about his present action &ndash; deeply
  exploring a helpless woman in extreme discomfort, with his fingers &ndash; but
  upon closer inspection, as the lens zoomed in, the cameraman's fingers were
  sliding in and out easily for the sheen of her wetness could be observed&hellip;&hellip;.  
&copy;2003 l'&eacute;tranger  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  l'etranger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





