BDSM Library - The Bank Manager




The Bank Manager
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Woman in mid 40's is manager of a bank looking for secret BDSM excitement by another woman.THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 1    
   
Leda was in her mid forty's, been divorced for 5 years and she has a teenage
  daughter that is a freshman in college that lived with her mom. She is a very
  successful bank manager and all her employees think she is a bitch at times
  at work. She would piss off the girls at the office every week; She was so
  picky about how the office looked.  
Leda was sitting at her desk thinking about going to the wild D's club to
  get away from the stress. The club had a ladies night tonight with no men allowed
  in. So after work she went to a bar for a few drinks to feel good before she
  went to wild D's.  
She got to wild D's about eight, wearing a black dress and black panties.
  She strolled over to the corner of the room. On stage she had seen a black
  woman spanking and abusing this white girls ass. It was beet red. The girl
  was trying to scream but she had her panties in her mouth. Leda sat down and
  was drinking a beer when she could see the black woman look at her and winked.
  The black woman then bent over the white girl and told her to beg to torture
  her titties. "Ma'am please torture my titties".  
Black woman yanked on both nipples hard. She started to scream through the
  panties. Then the black woman looked in the other corner of the room. These
  two ladies were playing. One lady in a Red Dominant dress and the other one
  wearing a skimpy white dress with no panties on. The lady in Red had some clips
  on a chain that she put on the young woman's pussy lips. The young lady was
  begging the mistress to be easy on her. The lady in red then told her to get
  on the floor with her ass in the air. The lady in red reached in her purse
  and pulled out some weights and attached them to her labia lips. The lady in
  red told her to lick her shoes. Then she reached in her purse again and pulled
  out the whip and started hitting her ass. Every once in a while the girl would
  scream at the top of her lungs. Leda knew that the lady in Red hit her pussy
  lips. When she got done with the young lady she was black and blue. She made
  the girl get up and go to the bathroom to clean up.  
Leda was watching both shows with her hand under the table playing
    with her pussy. She was dreaming that it would be her at there mercy. She
    turned back to the stage where the black woman was now riding her slave drilling
    her asshole with a dildo. She started whipping her ass as they were crawling
    around the stage. Every few minutes she would make the girl bark like a dog
    and then put her face to the ground with her ass in the air.  
    
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 2 
 
The black mistress then would hit her directly in the pussy. She was so excited
  she would just moan and beg for more from her mistress. From Leda position
  she could see that the girl was so wet and excited. She was playing so hard
  with her own pussy she didn't see the black mistress come beside her.  
The black mistress smacked Leda in the face and told her to get down on the
  floor kissing her boots. Leda went to the floor, started kissing her boots.
  Then Leda was pulled by her hair to stand up. The black mistress screamed at
  her and told her to take her panties off now. Leda did as she was told and
  almost fell over getting them off. The black mistress smacked her ass with
  her whip and told Leda to give her the panties.  
The black mistress then told Leda her name was Mistress BITCH. She then told
  Leda to lift her dress so she could see that cunt of hers. Leda Lifted her
  black dress, and the Mistress grabbed her pussy hair very hard and yanked upwards,
  trying to yank all her hair out by the root. Leda started crying and begging
  the Mistress to have mercy on her pussy. Mistress bitch then pushed Leda's
  panties in her mouth. Made her take her dress off and lay it on the table.
  Mistress bitch then told Leda to go to the bar and ask for a glass of ice cubes.  
When she got back from the bar with the ice, Mistress BITCH told her to get
  her purse and give her the drivers license and all her credit cards. Then she
  pushed Leda against the table and told her to lift her ass high and spread
  her ass cheeks apart. Mistress BITCH then told her to beg to have the ice cubes
  put up her ass. The Mistress then put a half dozen ice cubes up her ass and
  was reaching around and arousing her pussy as Leda was moaning.  
Mistress then stepped back and went to the bar and got some handcuffs and
  a cane. She then went to the table and handcuffed her hands and ankles to the
  table. Took the cane and aimed it at her ass and put several stripes on it.
  Leda was screaming very loud. Leda looked back and she seen behind the black
  mistress the girl from the stage video taping the whipping. After fifteen minutes
  of getting her ass whipped the mistress looked at the camera and then grabbed
  Leda by the hair and told Leda she is now her slut or she would be ruined as
  a bank manager.  
Mistress BITCH then told her little bitch that was taping the show to put
  down the camera and get a leg spreader. Leda had no Idea what she got herself
  into. Now she was going to feel pain she dreamed about. The black mistress
  then spread her legs and put a light near her pussy. Now bitch it is time for
  me to have fun with my new cunt. Leda was getting scared now, because the mistress
  grabbed her pussy very roughly. Her little bitch brought her some tweezers
  to take care of all that hair.  
"Now bitch it is time for me to shave that cunt of yours, and from now on
  you will keep in shaved and bare for me". The Black Mistress told her.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 3   
   
Leda could see a mirror in the corner where she seen her Mistress reach between
  her legs and yank her hairs out one by one. Leda begged her Mistress to stop
  but would be in tears by the time she was done. The little bitch grabbed the
  camera and was video taping the humiliation of the new slave. Mistress bitch
  finally got all the hairs ripped out and put them in a little baggy and told
  Leda that the hair would be put on Leda's living room wall, and her panties
  would be hanging right beside it. Mistress said to her little cunt that it
  better be in place by tomorrow when she comes to her house warming party. Leda
  begged her mistress not to humiliate her like that, she would do anything she
  wants but not to be embarrassed in front of her daughter. What would Trina
  think if she seen her panties. Mistress Black then told her what if she sees
  the video of the cunt.  
Leda's pussy was red from the pain, so mistress went and got some more ice
  and got some clothespins. The black mistress then put rubber bands around her
  legs on her thighs. The mistress grabbed each pussy lip and attached a clothespin.
  Then pulled her lips apart connecting them to the rubber band. Now Leda was
  vulnerable. The mistress then grabbed some ice cubes and put one on her clit,
  she was jumping all over the place begging her to stop. After the mistress
  melted five ice cubes on her clit she decided to warm her up a little. She
  grabbed the pussy whip from the table and started hitting Leda right on the
  clit. Leda had no protection, all she could do is scream.  
The Mistress got tired of whipping and told her to go to the bathroom and
  clean up and relieve herself. She crawled to the bathroom and sat on the toilet.
  The little bitch followed her to the bathroom and told her to not to close
  the door. Well it was all on video and she couldn't stop the blackmail now.  
Leda finished and walked out, The Mistress gave her stuff back and told her
  that she would be at her house at eight o'clock sharp and she is suppose to
  be naked at the back door with her ass in the air. Leda could not say no and
  said she would be ready. Leda didn't know how to tell her daughter to be away.
  So she thought about telling a friend of theirs to take her out to the movies.
  The mistress wouldn't give her clothes to her, she went and locked her clothes
  in Leda's trunk. The mistress told Leda she could not put her clothes on till
  she got home.  
Mistress Black handcuffed her hands behind her back, then she grabbed her
  nipples and pulled her outside beside her car. Naked as can be Leda was so
  embarrassed that she was so vulnerable. Mistress Black pushed her new slave
  forward on the car and then pulled out a strap on dildo and raped her ass for
  an hour and made Leda play with her pussy while she fucked her hard.  
After the mistress came she told Leda to go home and dream about what is
  going to happen tomorrow. Leda got in her car and drove down the road. Stopped
  before going down her street and put her clothes on. It was now 4 in the morning
  and she had to be at work at 9.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 4   
   
Leda was scared now; she couldn't sleep so she got up and took a cold shower.
  Leda put the bag of hair and panties under her bed hoping that her daughter
  wouldn't go snooping in her room. Leda got ready for work put on a red dress
  and had dreams about the woman in red at the club. She went out to her car
  and started it, got at work and walked right to her office with out saying
  a word to anyone. She got a phone call by the little bitch, saying she will
  be at the bank in five minutes to have someone bring her back.  
The little bitch arrived and walked in the office. She introduced herself
  as Diamond. Leda didn't know what and why she was there. Then Diamond told
  her that Mistress Black sent her and we were supposed to run some errands.
  But first Diamond wanted to have some fun with her. Diamond put her purse in
  the corner where it could see everything. Leda didn't know what was going on.
  Well in Diamonds other hand she brought another bag. Leda knew she was in trouble.
  Diamond says "tell your secretary to hold your calls". Leda calls the secretary
  and says she will be busy awhile to not to be disturbed. Diamond tells her
  to take her clothes off now. Leda begs and says not here please. Diamond grabs
  her purse and pulls out a tape.  
Leda backs down and says alright, she takes off the red dress and all her
  underwear. Diamond reaches in to her purse and pulls out a video camera and
  put it in the corner while Leda was taking her clothes off. Leda didn't see
  her hide it. Leda turned around and Diamond told her to get on her desk with
  her ass facing her. Diamond said you better be quiet or others will hear you.
  Diamond went to her desk and pulled out some things. Diamond then took off
  her underwear and turned them inside out and put them on Leda's head. She could
  smell Diamonds pussy. Diamond then grabbed each nipple and put clips on them.
  She then grabbed the clips and pulled hard. Leda moaned loud, but remembered
  she was at the office. Hoping no one would come in and see her in this position.
  Diamond told Leda now for some fun for me. She told Leda not to move her legs
  or hands. If she did she would do things to make her scream. Diamond went to
  her purse and got two mousetraps. Leda couldn't see what she had until she
  got right behind her. Leda started begging not to snap the traps on her lips.  
Diamond didn't listen and she snapped the traps on each lip. Leda screamed
  and quickly covered her mouth. Diamond smacked her ass and told her that will
  cost you. Leda didn't know what she had planned but it hurt like hell. Leda
  then was told to get on the floor. She did as she was told and Diamond got
  on her back. Diamond grabbed some string from the drawer and tied them to her
  mousetraps. She made Leda crawl around in circles and she yanked on the string
  making Leda moan loud again. Then Diamond ripped off the nipple clips. And
  made Leda rub her nipples on the floor. Leda's nipples got rug burn from that.
  Then she made Leda go over to her desk and sit in the chair. She tied Leda's
  hands behind the chair and told Leda to spread her legs. Leda knew she was
  in trouble to be spread so vulnerable. Diamond pulled her and tied her legs
  open. Then Diamond went and sat down. She said she was going to play a game.
  She had a rubber band and started pulling the rubber band back and aiming at
  Leda's Pussy. She put little paper wads in and aimed it. She hit her pussy
  and Leda gasped as it hurt like hell. Diamond aimed at each nipple also and
  got the nipps all red.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 5   
   
All of a sudden there was a knock on the door. Leda was scared to death being
  seen in this position her life would be over. Diamond says "you better answer."  
"Yes, what do you want?" Leda says. "Leda it is Valorie" the secretary. "Are
  you alright, we heard some noises and wondered if you were alright."  
"I am fine, get back to work, we are almost done here."  
Well Diamond decided that was enough for now.  
"Leda get dressed but no underwear." Diamond tells her. As diamond unties
  her she tweaks her nipples and says. "Time to go shopping for some toys and
  have some fun."  
Leda and Diamond get dressed and clean themselves up. Leda tells Valorie
  that she will be back after lunch. Diamond and Leda step in to the elevator
  when Leda hits the button to the first floor. Diamond reached under the dress
  and grabs Leda's clit and twists and tweaks till Leda falls to the floor. Diamond
  tells her to eat her pussy till they get to the first floor.  
When they get down they step out. They walk to the car and Diamond tells
  her to drive and pick up Mistress Black at her house. When they arrive, Diamond
  tells Leda to get undress and go to her door nude and beg for her to shop with
  us. Mistress Black's maid comes to the door. Slut WHORE was an older woman
  in mid 50's. She looked like she was in sever pain she had milk jugs hanging
  from her tits. And dragging a 10 lb weight on the ground with her inner pussy
  lips. When she walked in she found a little asain lady servicing her mistress
  on the couch. Behind the lady was lucky the dog going to town. The asain Lady
  was busy eating the sweet black pussy. Mistress Black told Leda to come over
  and get behind the asain woman and eat her pussy. The old lady then grabbed
  a wooden spoon and smacked Leda right on the ass. When Mistress Black finally
  came, she sent the Asian lady to the basement and then reached down and grabbed
  Leda by her nipples. Yanked her to her feet. Mistress Black says "did you have
  a good time with Diamond today."  
"Yes Mistress she visited my work and I enjoyed her company". Says Leda.  
"Well Leda I will be visiting you at work a lot. So get use to it" Mistress
  Black tells her slave  
Mistress goes to the kitchen and gets a few things and then goes to the bathroom
  and gets a bag.  
Mistress Black then grabs Leda by her hair and leads her out the front door
  to the car. "Get in the middle and lean over the seat. In the car Leda's ass
  was in plain view from passerby's. Leda's face was beet red just imagining
  the white ass over the seat. Diamond was driving and Mistress Black started
  rummaging through her bag. She decided to teach Leda not to touch that pussy.
  Mistress Black got a candle and put it in Leda's ass. Then lit it, after a
  few minutes down the road Leda started jumping around. The candle wax was going
  down the candle to her asshole and her pussy. Mistress Black then grabbed a
  little brush and started brushing over her clit with the brush. Leda was so
  excited she begged to come and mistress said no.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 6   
   
The first place MISTRESS Black wanted to go was to get Leda some sexy clothes
  to go out with. She wanted to advertise her to get some big money to whore
  out. Diamond drove to the mall parking lot and drove around a little to embarrass
  their slut advertising her ass. Leda was getting so scared. Mistress Black
  told Leda to get in the back seat and get some clothes on. She slid on a blue
  dress.  
Diamond parked and they went in the mall. As they got to the door to the
  mall, Mistress Black told Leda to pick up her dress. She looked around and
  seen a few people walking. She pleaded with Mistress Black to not embarrass
  her in public; she can do what she wanted to do to her at home.  
Leda finally picked up her dress and MISTRESS Black took out two clamps with
  bells on them. She clamped them to her pussy lips and told her not to embarrass
  her in the mall. They walked in to Victoria's secret and went and found some
  crotch less panties for Leda to put on. Then found some bra's in the corner
  of the room that let the nipples stand out. MISTRESS Black took Leda into the
  changing room. Made Leda take her clothes off and put on a pair of black crotch
  less panties and the black bra with the nipples standing out. Mistress Black
  yanked her nipples and tortured them till they were hard as rocks then the
  Mistress put the nipple clamps on her nipples with a connecting chain.  
Mistress Black made Leda play with her pussy while her bells were jingling.
  As outside the cashier could here the women in the dressing room and wondered
  what was going on. Diamond told her to go look, she denied to do that. Right
  then Mistress Black told Leda to go out and let the cashier see her outfit
  and make a decision if she should buy it and she told her to beg for a discount.
  She told Leda if she don't get a discount she would make her pay for it the
  rest of the shopping trip.  
Leda followed the Mistress out the dressing room and walked right to the
  cashier and asked her what she thought of the outfit. Leda was so embarrassed
  that the cashier was seeing her vulnerable. The cashier told her it looked
  good and tried to walk away when Leda crawled to her and kissed her feet. Leda
  said " Please MA'AM let me please you with my tongue." Just at that time Mistress
  Black told the cashier Leda's home address and told her to come tonight to
  watch the slut in action. But first she was going to let her get a taste of
  pleasure. The cashier sat down and Leda reached up and pulled her panties down.
  She could smell the excitement on the panties. The cashier would grab the chain
  and pull hard so she could here Leda moan and lick harder on her pussy. Mistress
  Black told the cashier she was going to go shopping for some clothes with Diamond
  and she could use Leda till she was done. Leda ate her pussy for an hour under
  the counter while the cashier did her business.  
When Leda finished the cashier told her to get dressed and she didn't get
  her discount, Leda paid full price and then told the cashier the show was suppose
  to start at eight, she knows the mistress will be pissed and she will get more
  then bargained for tonight at her house. Leda found the Mistress and Diamond
  using her credit cards. Well it was lunchtime and Mistress Black wanted to
  embarrass Leda a lot.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 7   
   
MISTRESS BLACK AND DIAMOND decided to take Leda to the busy Italian
    restaurant. Mistress Black took Leda to the bathroom and said now for the
    embarrassment you get for not getting the discount at the store. She told
    Leda to take off all her clothes and give them to her. Leda was scared to
    death to be blackmailed like this and in public. She would be ruined for
    life. Then Mistress Black pulled out a mask from her purse. The Mistress
    told her no one will know you just your body. Mistress then put the mask
    on Leda and tied her hands behind her back. She put nipple clamps with bells
    on her titties also like the ones still on her pussy. Then the Mistress put
    a collar around her neck. Diamond was already sitting down in the middle
    of the room. Mistress Black led Leda out of the bathroom. She made sure she
    made as much noise as possible. Mistress Black pulled out her crop from her
    purse and smacked Leda's tits and ass as she led her to the table. Everyone
    turned to watch the show as Mistress Black commanded Leda to her knees and
    crawl to the table. They got to the table and Mistress Black made her lick
    her boots as she sat down.  
    
Mistress Black then told Leda she wanted to see her play with herself as
  they waited for their salads. So Leda is on all fours and starts putting her
  right hand on her pussy and plays with herself. Mistress Black then grabs a
  hairbrush from her purse and starts spanking her ass and Diamond gets the crop
  from the mistress and hits her breasts. Leda is in so much pain and embarrassment
  she comes for her mistress without permission. So Mistress Black decides to
  humiliate her more. She told her to stand up and tell her story while she whips
  her pussy. Leda stands up and gets on the table. Leda spreads her legs so that
  everyone can see her pussy. Mistress Black starts whipping her pussy and then
  Leda starts telling her story. "I am Mistress Blacks Pussy slut, I went to
  this club to be her slave and now I am her Pussy to be loaned and used by anyone
  she wants me to be with." Mistress then tells her to get down.  
Leda gets back on all fours again. Diamond grabs a bowl and puts it under
  the table and pisses in it. Puts the bowl on the floor and Leda gets down and
  licks up all her drink. Their food shows up and Leda is given a dildo and told
  she is to fuck it till they are done.  
All of a sudden Leda looks to the door and her daughter Trina comes in with
  her college friends. She is so scared her daughter might notice her body. Her
  daughter is led to a table close to her and now Trina can see the black woman
  getting an enema bottle out of her purse full of soapy water. Mistress Black
  puts the plug in Leda. Leda's daughter sits and watches these two women dominate
  this lady. Mistress Black and Diamond beat Leda's tits and watch her beg to
  leave. They finish there food, and Leda is finally led outside to relieve herself.
  Several people go out and watch the woman relieve herself. The mistress then
  grabs Leda by the hair and says. "Now deary you are mine for life, hope your
  daughter doesn't find out. Oh by the way, we had someone video taping the whole
  show and even when your daughter came in. Do you want me to take that mask
  off now so your daughter knows what her mom loves." Leda begs, "please mistress
  I will be good." Mistress Black led Leda to the car with Diamond following.
  As they went down the road Leda was allowed to put her dress back on. Mistress
  took her back to her work and told her to be ready for tonight. Leda was in
  so much pain and humiliated.  
Leda got back into her office and couldn't even think about work. So she
  left work early and went home.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 8   
   
Leda got home at 2pm and then called her daughter and told her to go out
  to movies and dinner with friends tonight; she was having company over and
  wanted the house to herself. Trina agreed and told her that she would be home
  about midnight. Leda got rid of the first problem now she had to deal with
  the rest. She went to her room and got in the tub. She shaved her pussy so
  she wouldn't get whipped for not taking care of her pussy. Leda knew there
  was going to be trouble tonight. At 7 pm Mistress Black called Leda and told
  her she would be there in 10 minutes. She wasn't expected to be there early.
  Leda went and put the panties and the bag of her pussy hair and hammered it
  to the wall. Mistress Black pulled up to the house and Leda came to the door
  and got on her hands and knees. Mistress Black walked in the door, reached
  down and pulled Leda up by her hair. Mistress told Leda "Now slut you are going
  to have a good night of pain and embarrassment. I have a few friends coming
  over for your house warming party.  
Mistress Black told Leda to get upstairs and put her head in the toilet and
  she crawled to the bathroom. Mistress had to clean her out for the fun tonight.
  Mistress got the enema bag and filled it and stuck it in Leda's ass. While
  you are getting cleaned up I think I will tender your titties. Leda kept her
  head down while Mistress Black went downstairs and came back up with a wooden
  spoon from the kitchen. Leda didn't know what she had gotten but from the first
  smack she knew what it was. Mistress Black would smack one and then the other
  for about 20 strokes each. About twenty minutes later she begged Mistress Black
  to relieve herself. Mistress Black put her collar around her neck led her down
  the steps and out the back door to the back yard. Leda got to relieve herself
  while Mistress Black smacked her ass with the wooden spoon. Leda then was back
  into the house.  
Leda was lucky none of her neighbors was outside. Leda was told to go upstairs
  and put on a maids outfit to impress her company. Mistress Black went back
  and sat down in the Living room, when diamond came into the house with some
  equipment. Diamond put this big bondage table up in the middle of the room.
  This table had several holes cut out in it. As diamond was putting that up,
  Mistress Black got a bunch of pictures and put them on the wall by the panties
  that Leda put up. The pictures were of Leda in some very dominating positions.
  Leda was up in her room putting on the outfit.  
All of a sudden Diamond was in the doorway video taping her dressing. Diamond
  goes up to Leda and tells her the night is going to be a good one and she better
  hurry and get her ass back down beside the door before Mistress Black comes
  up. Leda hurries down the steps. She then crawls up to the Mistress. Leda then
  looks at the wall and sees that the mistress put up some pictures of Leda is
  some revealing situations. Then diamond comes down and puts a video tape in
  the machine. She tells Leda, "this tape is all that we have done to you so
  far ,and there is so much more to come.  
Suddenly the doorbell rings and Mistress Black tells Leda to crawl
    to the door to greet the company.  
    
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 9   
   
At the door Leda opened it and looked outside and she seen the Lady in Red
  that was at the club with her bitch behind her. The Lady in Red was in a red
  leather coat and she was leading her bitch in the house with a leash connected
  to her tits. She was yanking them so hard it looked like she was about to pull
  her tits off her chest. The bitch was crawling behind her wearing nothing but
  a whip in her ass. Leda hoped all her neighbors were busy and no one seen her
  company. The Lady in red then hit the girl in the ass and she crawled in the
  house. Mistress Black then went behind the bitch and pulled hard on the bitch's
  pussy lips. The girl moaned very loudly. Leda thought to herself that the poor
  girl was getting attacked by both women. Then diamond grabbed a table and put
  it by the door where they led the bitch too. She was tied bent over the table
  where her ass and pussy was exposed to anyone that came in the door. Diamond
  put a paddle beside her so that everyone could whip her ass when they came
  in. Then the Lady in red went behind the girl and warmed her ass up for awhile.
  She then reached in her purse and pulled out these clamps that had a hook on
  them. She clamped them to her inner pussy lips and the girl moaned. Then she
  grabbed some big weights and put them on the hooks. The girl screamed and Mistress
  grabbed her by the hair and stuck a dildo in her mouth. The girl was screaming
  louder and louder. Leda could see that her inner pussy lips were pulled down
  about 5 inches. Leda was hoping that they wouldn't do that to her. Then the
  door bell rang again.  
This time it is a big black man and behind him he had Mistress Black's maid
  and the Asian women that Leda met at the house. They were walking but there
  was a leash connected to there pussies. They were led into the house to some
  chairs in the living room. Both of the women had some sexy crotch less panties
  on and they had these bras on that were smashing there tits. There nipples
  were peaking though holes. The black guy made the women get in front of him
  kissing his feet with their asses high in the air.  
The doorbell rang again and Leda answered it this time it was the cashier
  at victories secrets. She looked so sexy. She was wearing this blue dress.
  Leda invited her in. She seen the bitch and grabbed the paddle and whipped
  the ass. Each time she hit her ass with the paddle the weights would sway and
  the bitch would moan. Leda then led the woman to a chair in the corner. The
  cashier saw the wall of pictures and told Leda that she looked good in them.
  The doorbell rang for another hour and the room was full with guests. Leda
  was so embarrassed now. She didn't know anyone else but the few people that
  had dominated her. Now she was all there slave. Mistress Black got up in the
  middle of the room and got everyone's attention. I invited everyone here tonight
  to introduce you all to the new slave cunt. She is here to serve all of us
  and we are going to watch her video on her humiliation.  
Leda get up and introduce yourself to your guests. Leda stands up and tells
  her story that she is a bank manager and she is Mistress Black's Pussy slave.
  Mistress Black makes Leda take her maids outfit off and show her body to the
  guests. Leda spreads her legs for their inspection and then bends over and
  shows her ass to everyone. Diamond comes out of the kitchen with a photo that
  Leda doesn't know who it is of. She shows the whole crowd and then Mistress
  Black sees the picture. It is her daughter's graduation picture. Leda seen
  that and started to beg the Mistress to leave her out of it. Mistress Black
  then told Leda to get on all fours and diamond turned on the TV and Leda started
  to watch it.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 10   
   
The video started when Leda was in the club and Mistress Black had her hike
  her dress up and take her panties off. Then was forced to the bar to get ice.
  Came back and was forced on the table and ice cubes put in her ass. Then the
  video came to a close up where the mistress was caning her ass. After her ass
  was red the Mistress clamped her pussy lips apart and whipped her clit.  
Then the video went to the next scene, where diamond came to her job. The
  video had her get on her desk at work naked, when diamond put clips on her
  nipples. Then the next thing was the mousetraps on her pussy lips. Leda was
  so embarrassed she couldn't watch. At that time mistress grabbed a paddle and
  hit her ass 10 times. Mistress Black told her never take her eyes of the screen.  
The video then goes to the next scene, where the mistress black leads Leda
  to the car and gets in the middle with her ass in the air. They then drove
  to the mall where Leda stood at the front door lifted her dress and the Mistress
  attached clips with bells to her pussy.  
Next the video went to the Italian restaurant where Leda was in the bathroom
  taking all her clothes off and putting on a mask. She was led into the restaurant
  where she was embarrassed by her mistress.  
Now that the video tape was over mistress put the bondage table up. Leda
  was led to the table by diamond. She straddled the table and stuck her tits
  in the holes of the table. Diamond and the Mistress Black tied her down. Mistress
  Black then grabbed some nipple clamps with weights and put them on her breasts.
  Leda was in some pain then all of a sudden the mistress grabbed the paddle
  and whipped her ass. The guests were playing around, when the Lady in red got
  up and went to the front of Leda pulled out some needles, she sent her little
  bitch in the kitchen to get the frozen ice dildo's and a bucket of ice. She
  then made her bitch put on a face harness where she mounted one of the ice
  dildo's. The lady in red then made her stick her face in Leda's pussy and fuck
  her till the dildo melted. Then she was forced to fuck herself with one. The
  lady in red yanked the clips off Leda's tits, and she grabbed each nipple and
  played with them and got them hard. Then she got the needle and stabbed her
  right nipple. Leda screamed as she was moaning. Her pussy was freezing and
  her nipple was on fire. The lady in red put in her nipple ring and then pierced
  the other one and put in that ring. Leda thought the pain was over but the
  lady went to her behind and made her bitch move and then put rings in each
  pussy lip. Leda was in so much pain but couldn't move. Then the mistress untied
  Leda and Mistress Black brought in a chair that had no seat. Leda didn't know
  what was in the plan but she found out real quick. Mistress Black spread Leda's
  legs and her and the lady in red help down Leda while Diamond played with Leda's
  clit. Then Mistress Black told everyone there is one more piercing left. She
  then grabbed Leda's clit and put the needle through it. Leda screamed with
  all her might and then passed out.  
Leda got woken up by the mistress slapping her face. She was forced to stand
  to show off all her new jewelry. Leda didn't know how to hide her new jewelry.
  Mistress Black then told everyone that they can abuse the bitch. Mistress Black
  watched everyone fuck her while she watched and videotaped the fun. It was
  getting close to midnight when Mistress Black took her slave up stairs to her
  daughter's room and put her in the closet. Leda was completely nude in her
  daughter's closet with dildo's in her ass and pussy. Mistress Black then put
  her own panties on her head, she could smell the sweetness. Mistress left her
  in there while she was begging. But to no avail she was nude and embarrassed.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 11   
   
As Leda was in her daughter's closet she heard her daughter come home in
  the door, she hoped the living room didn't have all the pictures still up her
  daughter would see a big surprise. Mistress Black was downstairs cleaning up
  with diamond. Trina came into the living room and was shocked to see the black
  lady in the room. Mistress Black told her that her mother was a friend and
  she went to the store. It didn't dawn on Trina that she knew the black lady
  from the restaurant. All she remembered was the naked lady getting beaten.  
Upstairs in the closet Leda was getting scared that her daughter was going
  to see her naked and bound in the closet. Especially humiliated with panties
  covering her face. And if she would see that she has her nipples pierced and
  her pussy pierced. She would think that her mother is a kinky bitch.  
While her daughter was downstairs watching TV, diamond came upstairs to scare
  Leda. She opened the door to her Trina's room and played around the room a
  little to make Leda think it was Trina then she went over to the closet and
  opened the door. Leda jumped and dam near pissed on the floor. Diamond goes
  over to Leda, grabs Leda's Ass dildo and pussy dildo and pulls them out and
  tells Leda she has a surprise for her. Diamond then puts BEN GAY on the dildos.
  Leda had no idea what she was about to feel. Then diamond sticks the dildo's
  back in her roughly and plays with them a minute. Leda starts feeling the warm
  sensation and starts to wiggle around. She knows now that diamond did something.
  Diamond then grabs the panties that are on Leda's face and rubs her nose in
  them more for humiliation. Leda is begging diamond to let her go; she would
  do anything as long as she wasn't embarrassed in front off her daughter. Diamond
  got up and closed the door. As she walks away she tells Leda. "I hope your
  daughter doesn't come up to her bedroom with all the noise you are making." "She
  would come in and see you in that position. "  
Mistress Black and diamond were in the kitchen, talking about what they could
  do to get Trina her daughter blackmailed to be there slave also. Mistress Black
  says "what we can do is make a video of a blackmail and torture of Leda and
  then show it to Trina, use it to get her to do what we want. But first lets
  take advantage of Leda and use her to the max. We can make some good money
  with that cunt of hers."  
The Ladies left the house and Trina fell asleep on the couch. Morning came
  and Leda was still tied up and in a lot of pain from last night when she heard
  her daughter come into her room and get clothes from her dresser and go to
  the shower. It was about eight when Trina left the house to go to school when
  Mistress Black came back to the house. Went into Leda's room got her clothes
  out for the day at work. She then came into the bedroom and opened the door.
  Leda didn't know if it was her daughter or the mistress.  
Mistress Black grabbed her panties off Leda's head and pulled Leda by the
  hair and made Leda crawl to the shower. Told her to shower and shave and get
  ready for work. Leda got in the shower and cleaned up but was very sore from
  all the fun the night before. When she got out Mistress gave her a bra that
  was two sizes to small to wear. She put it on and her nipple rings showed right
  through the material. Then Mistress Black gave her a dress to put on. She then
  had Leda pick up the dress and she connected some weights to her pussy lips.
  Leda wasn't use to this and almost fell to the floor when the mistress dropped
  the weights. Her pussy lips were being pulled good. Mistress then told Leda
  to get dressed and come downstairs.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 12   
   
Leda got her makeup on and came down the stairs gradually. Her pussy was
  in some good pain when mistress came out of the kitchen. They went outside
  to the car and she made Leda get in with her head on the floor and her ass
  in the air. As Mistress Black pulled the car out of the driveway she reached
  over and yanked on the weights on Leda's pussy until Leda started to beg for
  mercy. Mistress then told Leda to play with her Pussy all the way to work.  
As they got to Leda's work Mistress Black made her get up but she wasn't
  allowed to wipe her pussy. She got out of the car and went into the bank. As
  she went by her fellow employees she knew they could smell her pussy. Leda
  got in her office she was blushing. She got to her chair and sat down gingerly.
  Her pussy lips still being pulled by the weights. As she sat down she got some
  relief of the weights on the chair. Leda was trying to get things done but
  all she could do is think about what happened to her last night and the pain
  her body has received.  
She knew she got herself in this situation, and she couldn't even figure
  out how to get out of it. Mistress Black made some plans to make some money
  on Leda's ass. She had planned to advertise it on the internet. She was going
  to rent her to the highest buyer. She had to get a good picture for the internet.
  Mistress black wanted to make a photo album so that the buyers can see all
  her poses. Mistress black and diamond got together for lunch and found this
  little Mexican restaurant on the south side of town. Mistress black set up
  a video camera and put up a few cameras around the room. She then called Leda
  and told her to come to lunch at the address. She told Leda specific instructions
  to call her cell phone when she got to the restaurant. Mistress told her "when
  you get to the restaurant I want you to take all your clothes off and crawl
  in the restaurant naked." Leda left her office and got to the restaurant. Diamond
  went outside and video taped the arrival and the walk to the front door. Leda
  then looked around and no one was there. She took off her dress and her bra
  and left everything outside.  
Leda opened the door and crawled in, Mistress black was sitting at the table.
  She screamed at Leda and told her she was late. There was a couple sitting
  in the corner booth seen Leda crawl to the table. Mistress grabbed her nipple
  rings roughly and pulled her to kiss her. She said about time cunt you showed
  up. She made diamond take some pictures in public. Mistress black grabbed a
  paddle out of her purse and made Leda bend over. Mistress black wanted to take
  pictures of the red ass to show off on the internet. After her ass was red
  she made Leda face her and she got out a whip and beat her tits red. Diamond
  took some more pictures of her breast beaten. Now she was black and blue from
  front and back. Mistress black wanted to make her cunt wiggle while they ate.  
Mistress black and diamond sat down and were eating their salad when Mistress
  black gave diamond a bowl and told her to give Leda a drink. Leda was embarrassed
  and she knew what diamond was about to do. Leda didn't see the Mistress but
  she reached in over and tied Leda's hands and feet together. She couldn't move
  at all. Diamond squatted down to the bowl and pissed in the bowl, she filled
  it up to the top of the rim. Mistress black told her now to spill a drop. Then
  the Mistress reached over the table and dipped her fingers in jalapeno juice
  and reached behind Leda and stuck her fingers in her ass and pussy. Leda started
  licking up the bowl as fast as she could. The juice started to work right away
  Leda started begging and there started to be tears in her eyes. She was helpless
  and couldn't move. The Mistress and diamond were talking about what they were
  going to do that afternoon.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 13   
   
Mistress black told diamond that Leda's daughter was coming home early and
  they should go over to the house and blackmail her. Leda heard them and was
  begging that she would do anything but begged to not get her daughter involved.
  Mistress black then told her that if she went down and prostituted herself
  today when they left the restaurant she would change her mind. Leda just wanted
  it all to end and she agreed.  
The lunch ended and Leda was begging for relief. She was told to crawl into
  the bathroom and clean herself out to get rid of the pain from the juice. Diamond
  videotaped the whole crawl and Leda crawled to the toilet and straddled it.
  She reached in the toilet and grabbed some water and put it on her pussy. Wow
  what a relief she felt from this.  
Leda dried her pussy and ass and crawled back out to the table when she notice
  a few more couples in there. Leda blushed hoping she would never see these
  people again. Mistress black then got up and walked and paid the bill with
  Leda's credit card. Mistress black then told everyone in the restaurant that
  her slave was for rent and she does everything requested of her. Mistress told
  everyone her phone number and put it on the board on the wall. She also pulled
  a picture of her slave and stapled it right beside the number. Mistress then
  told Leda that she will never deny any sex advancements. Mistress then pulled
  Leda by the nipples and led her out to her clothes outside.  
She told her to get her clothes on and follow her to her house. Leda put
  her clothes on and got in her car. She was scared that what she was about to
  do. They got to the house and Mistress grabbed her by the hair and pulled her
  to her bedroom. She put out some very tight shorts and very loose blouse. She
  put on her makeup and Leda got dressed in her shorts with no panties and no
  bra. Put the blouse on and it barely covered her tits.  
Mistress black then led Leda to her car went down to Main Street. She stopped
  on the corner and told her not to take less then $100 for sex. She was told
  she better earn at least a thousand that night or her daughter would be their
  slave tomorrow at this time and she would be a hooker by the next week making
  her money. Leda stepped out of the car and stood on the corner. What she didn't
  know was that diamond was on the other side of the street video taping the
  scene. Mistress black also had a hotel room all set up with a videotape for
  the fun.  
A black man showed up and Leda bent over the window and asked him if he was
  interested in some fun. He agreed to her fun and went to the room she paid
  for. He got her in the room and then tied her to the bed. Leda got more then
  she expected, He reached in a bag and pulled out a candle and lit it. She was
  getting scared when he dripped the candle wax on her nipples. Leda started
  screaming when he stuck a dildo in her mouth to keep her quiet. Leda was hoping
  he would get done and leave but he then tied her legs to the same post as her
  hands. So now Leda was so vulnerable. The next move he put the candle right
  to her pussy. She was screaming though her gag.  
The black man then went and pulled her pussy lips apart by her rings and
  he was dripping the wax in her pussy. Leda was bouncing around like crazy.
  Her pussy was on fire and he was not giving her any relief.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 14   
   
The night was already half over and she still is on her first customer. She
  started to imagine her daughter under the control of the Mistress. She had
  no idea that this was a set up by the mistress to scare her to do what she
  wanted her to do. The black man got on the phone and called this woman, she
  was known as the Bronx bitch. He told her that he had a great piece of ass
  she had to use. Leda was scared of this woman. When this woman came to the
  door she was in some big trouble. The Bronx Bitch came in she was a black woman
  about three hundred pounds. She also brought this bag. Leda was in such a position
  she couldn't just leave. The black woman took off her clothes and Leda could
  see some flabby fat titties but couldn't see the pussy at all. That was about
  to change. The black woman then went and straddled Leda with Leda's pussy staring
  her right in the face. Well, well, the woman said. Lets see what we can do
  to this pussy to be more useful to me.  
The Bronx bitch lowered her pussy right above Leda's face and told her she
  better get busy and make her come. Leda couldn't even see her pussy with all
  the hair around it. But she surely could smell her. Leda thought that she didn't
  even bath in a week. Leda was taking to long to stick her tongue in when she
  felt the black woman grab her clit and twist it around and around. That surely
  got her attention and she went right to work sticking her tongue in her pussy.  
Leda had no idea that she was not going to make that thousand for the night.
  Mistress Black and diamond made a tape of Leda as a blackmail tape for Trina.  
Later that night Mistress Black and diamond went over to Leda's house and
  knocked on the door. Trina answered the door and the ladies came in. She asked
  what they wanted and they told her to sit down. They told Trina the situation
  her mother had gotten in and they put in a video in the tape machine to where
  her mother was tied up begging to be released. Mistress Black told Trina the
  only way her mother would be released would be to be there slave and do what
  they wanted her to do. Trina looked at the video again seeing her mother getting
  hit on her tits. She said to stop and would be there slave. Mistress Black
  got on the phone to the black man and told him the situation and then gave
  the daughter the phone. Trina then volunteered to do as she was told. Mistress
  Black and diamond told her she had to be blindfolded the whole time. Mistress
  Black then took Trina's clothes off and left her in the underwear. Trina had
  on some red sexy lace underwear.  
Mistress Black then grabbed Trina and ripped her bra off. Seeing some beautiful
  breasts sway. Mistress Black had plans for them later that night. She then
  grabbed her panties and yanked them off. She reached between her legs and told
  Trina that pussy was mine tonight. Grabbed her buy the hair and pulled her
  around the table by her pussy. Trina was begging for mercy. Mistress Black
  wanted to get her ready for tonight at the club.  
Back at the hotel room Leda was in a situation herself. She had no idea that
  her thoughts of being dominated would lead to the domination of her daughter.
  Leda got done eating the pussy and was tired and in pain. They let her go and
  she took a shower and got dressed again for the main street prostitution. She
  got back out on the strip and back to the corner she was at. A white guy stopped
  and asked for sex. She told him that she charged $100 for an hour. Leda had
  no Idea that her daughter was just about to be humiliated in front of all her
  college friends.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 15   
   
Trina had no Idea what was about to happen to her. Mistress Black took her
  up to the room and cleaned her ass out. She made the girl take several enemas'.
  Then she made her hold an enema while she had Trina eat her pussy. Mistress
  Black told Diamond that Trina will due for later.  
While Leda was busy making money, Mistress Black and Diamond led Trina out
  her front door completely naked to her car. Trina was then made to masturbate
  the whole trip to WILD D's. When they got there Trina's pussy was very wet
  from coming several times on the trip. Mistress Black led her to the back door
  of the club, and Diamond went to the front of the club. Diamond walked in the
  club to make sure all of Trina's friends were there. Diamond went to the stage
  and asked everyone if they were there to see Trina. Most of the people that
  were there were her friends. Diamond then tells them that she will be out later
  with Miss Black.  
A few minutes later music came on at the club and then a grand entrance for
  this fat girl on her knees crawling in front of this six foot tall redhead.
  What got everyone's attention was they heard the redhead hit the fat girl's
  ass with a big paddle. She yelped at the hit. She crawled to the middle of
  the stage when the mistress told her to stop. Then she told the fat girl to
  present her fat ass to the crowd. The crowd was in shock to see this, her big
  ass and then the mistress hit her ass hard again, then screamed at the girl
  to spread her legs wider so the crowd could see the fat pussy. She made her
  put her face to the floor. Then the mistress bent down and grabbed her pussy
  lips. Everyone gasped; they knew she was in pain.  
In the back in a dressing room Mistress Black was getting ready for her show
  and she had Trina in the corner rubbing herself excited. Mistress Black was
  dressed in black leather and came to Trina and put on a Mask for her. Then
  Mistress Black grabbed a chain with two clamps and connected them to her nipples.
  Trina winced at the pain but didn't move. Mistress Black then tied her hands
  behind her back and also put rope around her legs so she could only walk baby
  steps.  
Leda was back in the hotel room with another customer now, she has made $500
  dollars now and she was now getting busy, she had no idea her daughter was
  about to be humiliated in front of all her friends at the club.  
Back at the club on stage the fat girl was getting her titties beaten, to
  match that red ass that her mistress just beaten raw. Her mistress then attached
  nipple clips to her with a chain and dragged her around the room asking everyone
  if they wanted to use the fat asses tongue or ass. One girl got bold and told
  her friends she needed to come after all the teasing she just got. She pulled
  her panties off and put them in her purse and told the fat girl to come and
  get some dinner. The fat girls head was pushed in between her legs by the mistress,
  the girl told the mistress she wasn't doing to good. So the mistress went over
  to the table got some clips and reached between her legs, grabbed her pussy
  lips and clamped them. The girl told the mistress she was doing a lot better.
  After a few minutes the fat girl was getting her to moan and she came all over
  the fat girls face. The mistress and fat girl went over to a corner when they
  were done with everyone and they wanted to watch Trina's show.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 16   
   
It was that time for Trina and Mistress black to come out and introduce the
  slave to the friends. The mask she was wearing covered her eyes so Trina had
  no idea who was watching her. Trina was completely naked when Mistress Black
  led her out to the stage by her nipple clamps. As they were coming out the
  audience started clapping, so Trina knew she was there and a lot of people
  were watching. She was hoping her mother was being let loose. Mistress Black
  pulled her out to the middle of the stage and made her get down on her hands
  and knees. Mistress Black then got on her back and told her doggy to crawl
  around the stage. She made her crawl around twice and then while her ass was
  facing the crowd, she had her stop and put her face down and ass high in the
  air. Mistress Black then made Trina spread her ass cheeks apart so the crowd
  could see her asshole. Then Mistress Black grabbed a small whip from her belt
  and hit Trina right on the asshole, Trina jumped and moaned from the hit.  
Then Mistress Black yelled at Trina to grab her pussy lips and spread them
  open to show the crowd. Trina did grab each lip and everyone was able to see
  deep into her pussy. Mistress Black then used the whip on her pussy the same
  way she did her ass. And on contact Trina felt so much pain she curled up in
  a baby position and covered her pussy. Mistress Black was embarrassed from
  that and told Trina she was going to pay for that.  
Leda was still making her money prostituting herself. She now had $800 dollars,
  now she was only two hundred short of what her mistress required. She had no
  idea how embarrassed her daughter was, being humiliated in front of a crowd.
  Trina was doing everything for the release of her mom.  
Diamond came out from behind stage and brought this chair. It was a chair
  for her hands and legs to be tied to the legs. She was put on it facing the
  back of the chair, and the bottom of the chair was missing and the back of
  the chair had a space for her to put her head, Mistress black then put a strap
  around her neck holding her in place. Mistress black then went behind Trina
  and put clamps on her outer pussy lips and pulled them apart and taped them
  to her legs. Now Trina was so vulnerable and she thought what mistress just
  said about going to pay for covering her pussy. Mistress then grabbed her inner
  pussy lips and gave them a tug. Mistress black then told everyone it was now
  time to pay. Mistress then connected clamps to her lips and Trina was trying
  to get out of the chair. She knew it hurt like hell. Trina was crying from
  the severe pain in her pussy. Diamond came from the back stage with a box with
  fishing sinkers. Mistress black connected several sinkers to her lips and she
  could hear Trina screaming in the mask. Diamond then sat down on the floor
  by Trina and reached under the chair and was playing with her breasts. She
  reached in her purse and pulled out some mousetraps and toyed with her breasts
  with them. Trina had no idea what was about to happen to her breast. Diamond
  would set the mousetrap and then she let Trina's breast set it off. When it
  snapped shut on her nipple Trina screamed and jumped. She was helpless and
  knew that she was going to be hurting when she got home. Diamond loved the
  pain she was giving Trina.  
Mistress black had the other mistress take her slave around the club of Trina's
  friends collecting a cup of sperm. The fat girl worked her way around the room
  collecting her fluid. While the fat girl was working hard, Trina was getting
  her ass beat by the mistress and the fishing sinkers were pulling her lips
  with every swing. And you could see the mousetraps swinging also.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 17   
   
Mistress Black got done beating her ass she called on some men to help turn
  the chair around she wanted everyone to see her slaves face. Mistress then
  told Diamond to go back stage and get her present that she was going to give
  Trina. While Diamond went to the back Mistress Black went and took off Trina's
  mask. When the mask came off the room got so quiet when everyone knew it was
  Trina. Mistress Black then called the fat slave over with her cup and told
  Trina to open her mouth and not spill a drop of the sperm her friends made
  for her. Trina is so embarrassed she wished she was dead. She was naked in
  front of all her best friends and being dominated by a black woman. She thought
  how much worse it could get for her.  
Then all of a sudden Diamond came back on stage with a big German Sheppard
  on a leash. Mistress Black went over to the table and got some gel and came
  back and wiped some on Trina's ass and pussy. Trina had no Idea what she was
  up too. Until Mistress Black call Bruno by his name. The dog was escorted behind
  Trina and the crowd started to clap. The dog poked his nose in her ass, sniffing
  her. Then the mistress black called the fat girl to come over and grab his
  cock and get him excited for Trina. Trina started begging her Mistress not
  to have the dog fuck her. So mistress black took off her clothes and puts her
  ass in Trina's face and told her she better lick asshole good.  
Trina got busy eating that ass, but mistress told her she wasn't doing to
  good. She told Diamond to let Bruno have that ass. The dog jumped up on her
  back with his big paws and tried to stick his dick in but he was having problems.
  The fat girl went over and helped the dog guide into the pussy. When he first
  got it in Trina screamed, He was bigger then anything she has ever done before.
  She was so humiliated in front of all her friends screwing a dog on stage.
  After Mistress got tired of the ass licking, Mistress pulled up a chair right
  in front of Trina and told her to get busy and make her come. Well Bruno was
  busy getting some and the mistress was getting hers. Diamond grabbed the fat
  bitch and told her to get busy and eat her pussy.  
Well Leda finally got her $1000 for that night and was tired. She got back
  to her house and noticed no one was home. She still didn't know that her daughter
  was being abused by Mistress Black and Diamond. She got into the tub and relaxed.
  She was sore and tired from all the sex she had, and she had to be at work
  early tomorrow to get some things done.  
Back at the club Trina was so wore out from Bruno and eating that pussy.
  Mistress Black finally told Diamond to take Bruno to the back. Mistress Black
  the told everyone that Trina was at there service for the night if they wanted
  to use any of her holes. Trina's best friend Carol came up to her and took
  off her panties. She sat down in the chair and told Trina, "Hey bitch now I
  have a good use for you and you will be my fuck slave when and where I want
  you, DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BITCH." Then she smacked Trina right in the face.
  Trina answered "yes mistress carol I will do anything you want." For the next
  several hours Trina was everyone's bitch.  
Mistress Black let Carol take Trina back to her place for the night. Trina
  knew Carol was going to have her as her slave for along time now.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 18   
   
Mistress Black put a leash on Trina, and then gave the leash to Carol. Carol
  looked at Trina in the eyes and told her she was about to live in hell with
  her. She will be at her beck and call no matter where she was at. Carol led
  Trina out the front door, it was now early morning and both girls had school
  today but Carol had other plans for Trina today. Trina got naked in Carol's
  car. Carol told her she wanted access to her ass. She made Trina put her head
  on the floor and then her ass and pussy available for Carol to play with. Carol
  gave Trina a dildo and told her that she wanted her to play with herself the
  trip back to the house. She wanted Trina's pussy all wet. Carol then told Trina
  she had to stop at the store. She made Trina keep up what she was doing. Trina
  hoped no one came by the car all they would see is ass and a very wet pussy.
  Mistress Carol went into the store and came out with a young man carrying her
  bags. He put the bag in the car and seen Trina. Carol told him he could have
  a taste of her if he wanted. He got in the car and Carol grabbed his hair and
  put his face right to the pussy. She let him eat for a few minutes then gave
  him her phone number and said if he wanted it she would let him have it one
  time for free but after that it would cost. The young man agreed and walked
  away.  
Mistress Carol got in the car and started driving off when she reached in
  the sack and pulled out a Popsicle and told Trina she wanted it melted in her
  pussy by the time they got to the house. Trina knew she better melt it but
  it was so cold. As they pulled in to the driveway Carol grabbed the Popsicle
  from Trina and told her she was going to pay for it later. Carol got out of
  the car and pulled Trina out by the leash, she made her crawl to the front
  door. The old woman across the street seen her and just looked in amazement.
  Carol opened the door and Trina followed her in. When they got in the house
  she led her to the kitchen and got a bowl out of the cabinet. Mistress Carol
  put it on the floor and then made Trina squat over it and pee in it. She told
  her not to miss the bowl or she would pay with her pussy. Well Trina squatted
  over the bowl but didn't see Mistress Carol grab a whip. Right when she started
  to pee, Mistress told her that pussy hair has to go. Then the Mistress hit
  her in the ass and Trina peed on the floor. Mistress screamed at her and told
  her "now bitch you are going to pay for that." She swung the whip and hit her
  breasts. Then she told Trina that the next day they were going to go to a tattoo
  shop and the guy would shave her pussy and put the words "MISTRESS CAROL'S
  PUSSY" tattoo right above her pussy mound. Trina was scared to death now that
  she is now going to be worthless.  
Back at the house Leda was getting dressed for work when she got a phone
  call from Mistress Black and was told she was going to be at her work at 10:00
  am and she was suppose to be completely naked at her desk when she comes in.
  Mistress Black told Leda she was supposed to wear a short mini dress to work
  with no panties at all. Then she told her that she had to sit on a vibrator
  in the car but couldn't come with out her permission. Leda got to work all
  wound up from the drive with the vibrator.  
It was now nine o'clock and she knew her Mistress was going to be there in
  an hour. Valorie the secretary showed up to work late and Leda got all pissed
  off and made her come in the office for some paperwork. Leda docked her a full
  days pay for being late and Valorie said she wasn't fair. Valorie went back
  to her desk all pissed off and crying when Mistress Black came to the back.
  She came to the secretary's desk and said she had an appointment with Leda.
  She noticed that the girl had been crying and asked what was wrong.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 19   
   
Valorie told her what had happened and why she was late for work. Mistress
  Black then decided she was going to let Leda's secretary get even with her.
  Mistress Black told her that she will get her back and Valorie just looked
  at her. Mistress Black then went into Leda's office; Leda was at her desk completely
  nude with her knees up and her tits and pussy on display for her mistress.
  Mistress Black came over behind her and complimented her on her nakedness.
  She told her to get her ass on the floor. Leda did as she was told and mistress
  grabbed her pussy rings and pulled on them. Leda let a yelp out and the mistress
  tells her you better be quiet or someone will come in and see you in this vulnerable
  position. Mistress Black then went and put Leda over a chair were she was vulnerable.
  She tied her hands and feet to the chair so she couldn't move. Then mistress
  took off her panties and put them on Leda's head. She got a vibrator out of
  her purse and worked Leda all horny. Mistress Black also grabbed this brush
  out of her purse. It was a special brush, Mistress Black when and had sandpaper
  glued to one side and had tacks on the other side.  
Leda couldn't see what she was doing; she reached around to where her tits
  were hanging and used the tacks and softly hit her breasts. Leda would moan
  at each hit. After she got them tender she used the other side and rubbed her
  nipples with the sandpaper. Then she moved behind her and hit her ass a few
  times and then tenderized her pussy with the tack part of the brush. Leda's
  pussy was tender when Mistress Black got out several more items and put them
  on the table. Then Mistress Black went over to Leda's ear and told her she
  had a present coming. Leda started begging but Mistress went over to the phone
  and called Valorie and told her to come in the office with some paper and pencil.
  Leda heard her talking and knew that the life of slave would be out now and
  she wouldn't have any chance to be free. She remembered that she just docked
  her secretary a full days pay.  
Valorie walked in and seen the black women standing behind Leda and then
  just gasped and didn't know what to say. Mistress Black then told her, "well
  its time to get even with her for making you cry today." "Let's make her cry
  and beg you for mercy." Valorie was pissed for what she said. She agreed and
  then walked behind her Boss and watched as Mistress Black grabbed a hanger
  from the coat rack and bent it in two. She swung and hit Leda right on the
  asscheeks and her legs. She moaned real loud this time. Then Valorie tortured
  her with the panties she had on her head. Valorie rubbed them in her nose then
  she took them off and shoved them in her mouth. Valorie then went to Leda's
  desk and got a ruler, while Mistress Black was hitting her ass, Leda was working
  on her tits with the ruler. After her ass and her tits were black and blue.
  Mistress Black gave Valorie a strap on dildo that was 9 inches. She told Valorie
  to rape her ass and make her pay dearly.  
Valorie looked at Leda and put on the strap on, Leda gave her the begging
  look and hoped she wouldn't do that to her. Valorie then stuck it right in
  her ass in one quick thrust and heard Leda moaned and whined. Valorie wanted
  it to hurt real hard. After Valorie came and she made Leda's asshole sore she
  told Mistress Black she felt better and she seen the tears in Leda's eyes.
  Then Valorie got herself back together and went and spoke in Leda's ear.  
"Now that I know that you are a slave every morning you will be my bitch
  for an hour before work starts. Starting tomorrow I want you naked under your
  desk with you ass high in the air. Do you understand that, my new cunt?" She
  took the panties out of her mouth and let Leda speak. Leda told her "Yes Mistress
  Valorie I will be at work at 8 am for you."  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 20   
   
Mistress Black and Valorie decided to go to lunch together and decide Leda's
  faith over the next few months. They let Leda get up and was told to put her
  minidress back on and made her come with them for lunch. Leda had no idea what
  there plans were.  
Carol woke up the next morning and went and got Trina up. She made Trina
  wear a dress with no underwear or bra on. Then they headed off to the tattoo
  parlor. Carol pulled up to the front door and told Trina to get out and walk
  in to the parlor and tell the clerk that she wanted a tattoo. When he asks
  where have her pull up her dress and point to her pussy. Trina was so embarrassed
  to have to go to a complete stranger and show off her pussy to someone.  
Trina was led back to the chair when Carol walked in the front door. She
  seen Trina sitting down in the chair and hiking up her dress. Carol told the
  clerk that she wanted him to shave her pussy so that she could see the tattoo
  great. The clerk agreed and Trina's face was blushing. He got the shaving cream
  and razor and sat down right in front of her pussy. He told Carol her pussy
  was all wet. Carol told him she wanted him to fuck her. He told Carol he would
  tattoo her for free if he could fuck her. Carol agreed and then she told Trina
  that she better please him or he would tattoo her ass too.  
Trina let him get on top and ride her pussy since she was so wet she had
  no problem getting him to come fast. After they finished with sex it was down
  to business and putting the tattoo on her pussy. Trina was scared when he started
  but Carol wanted to distract her so she decided to ride her face while he tattooed
  the words "Mistress Carol's pussy" just above her pussy lips. It took the clerk
  an hour to get it perfect the way he wanted, by that time Carol had already
  come 5 times. So she was good and happy. Trina was sore and was going to be
  sore for a week or so. Mistress Carol decided to let Trina go home and recoup
  for a few days then she was going to put her to work as her bitch.  
Back at the bank Leda and the ladies went to lunch at a Chinese restaurant,
  they put Leda in the middle between them and Mistress Black made her take her
  dress down to her waist so that her tits were on show. Mistress Black and Valorie
  took turns pinching them nipples to keep them hard. Leda was forced to order
  for all of them when the waitress came to the table. Leda was advertising her
  pierced nipple rings. Mistress Black reached in her purse and got some weights
  and attached them to her nipples. When the waitress brought there drinks she
  noticed the pain in Leda's eyes from the weights pulling her nipples down.
  Valorie then asked when they pierced her pussy. Mistress Black made Leda tell
  her story to Valorie. Leda said " I had a house warming party and invited a
  lot of mistress blacks friends, and at the party my Mistress pierced my nipples
  and my pussy lips."  
Valorie asked Mistress Black if Leda liked being dominated. Mistress Black
  told Valorie that Leda loves being humiliated in public. She comes so much
  better and faster. Leda and the mistresses ate their lunch and then Valorie
  made Leda get under the table with her ass high in the air. She took two chopsticks
  and tied them together and grabbed her pussy lips and pinched then between
  each set of chopsticks. Mistress Black looked at that and told Valorie that
  it was a good idea. They made her leave the restaurant with them attached.
  They went back to work.  
THE BANK MANAGER    
CHAPTER 21   
  
Leda and Valorie got back to the bank and Mistress Black left to go home.
  Valorie followed Leda into the office and she got behind her and pushed her
  face first over the desk. Then she lifted the dress and her ass was in plain
  view if someone came in the door. She then grabbed the chopsticks and released
  her pussy lips.  
   
  Valorie then told Leda to take care of some paperwork and she had to
  go take care of some things at her desk. Leda got up from the desk and walked
  around and sat at her desk and did some paperwork.  
   
  Trina was released from Carol's clutches and told to go home and get
  some things done. Trina went home and got in the tub and relaxed. She fell
  asleep in the tub when all of a sudden the phone rang. It was her mother; Leda
  asked how she was doing. She wasn't going to tell her mom what she had just
  went through to get her mother free; she was to embarrassed to tell her.  
   
  The ladies made decision that they were going to go out for dinner tonight
  and enjoy each others company. At the minutes before Leda was suppose to get
  off work; Valorie came in the office with a grin on her face. She made Leda
  get up and go in the corner and lift her dress up and play with her pussy.
  Valorie then sat in the chair by her and moved real close, Leda had a hard
  time concentrating on cumming.  
   
  The rest of the bank had left the office and Leda and Valorie were the
  only ones left. Valorie started screaming at Leda that she wanted to go home.
  Valorie then grabbed her nipples and squeezed hard and Leda started fingering
  her pussy faster and faster. Finally Leda came and Valorie reached her hand
  down between Leda's legs and her hand was soaking wet when she raised it to
  Leda's face and was told to lick it off. Both women then got themselves settled
  and they both got ready and left the bank. As they were walking out the door
  Valorie told Leda that she would see her in the morning at eight am.  
   
  Mistress Black was in her car going home when she decided to show up
  at her slave's Diamonds house. Diamond was now expecting her mistress at the
  house and she was cleaning her house. Mistress Black got her implements from
  her car and walked up to the front door of the house.  
   
  Mistress Black didn't even knock on the door and walked right in the
  house and she seen that Diamond was listening to music and dusting her house.
  Mistress Black reached in her bag and pulled out a paddle and walked behind
  Diamond as Diamond was bent over cleaning the lower shelves. Mistress Black
  swung the paddle with a loud bang on Diamonds ass. Diamond screamed out of
  shock and pain from her ass. Mistress Black then told Diamond that she came
  over to play because she knew that Diamond has gotten weak and she was going
  to put her back where she belongs as her slave.  
   
  Mistress Black then told Diamond that she wanted her to take off her
  clothes and get on all four on the floor. Diamond quickly did as she was told
  and took off her shirt and shorts. Standing there in front of the Mistress
  in her bra and panties. Mistress Black then swung the paddle again and connected
  it on her ass. Telling her she was taking to much time.  
THE BANK MANAGER   
CHAPTER 22   
  
Diamond quickly pulled off her bra and put it on the chair beside her and
  then reached her fingers on the sides of the panties and started to pull them
  down when the mistress told her to stop with her panties at her knees and she
  was bent over. Mistress Black then went up behind her slave and put her hand
  between her legs. Mistress Black felt that her pussy was soaking wet.  
She then started to embarrass Diamond by saying she was playing with her
  pussy before she got there. Diamond said she wasn't playing with her little
  pussy, but Mistress Black didn't believe her and she thought she was lying
  to her so she told her to pull her panties completely off and to bend back
  over and grab her ankles.  
Mistress Black then got a little pussy whip that she brought over, out of
  her bag and then got back behind Diamond. Mistress Black then told her slave
  that she had to count each number and thank her for each hit. Diamond agreed
  as she brought down the first one directly on her pussy lips. Diamond shrieked
  and said &quot;one, thank you Mistress, May I have another. Mistress Black
  hit the little pussy 20 times before she stopped and Diamond was in tears.  
Mistress Black was finally pleased with the pussy whipping and told her slave
  to get the special chair from the den and she sat it in the middle of the living
  room. Then she was told to sit in it and was told to put her arms above her
  head and Mistress tied them there so she couldn't protect her tits or pussy.  
Then the Mistress tied Diamonds legs apart and made sure of that she tied
  rope around her knees that she couldn't close her legs at all. Then the Mistress
  reached down and she disconnected this clamp that released part of the seat
  that Diamond was sitting on. She lowered the chair piece that gave her access
  to Diamonds pussy and asshole.  
Diamond was totally vulnerable and she knew that the Mistress wanted to torture
  her ass and pussy. Mistress Black then went into the kitchen and put some water
  in a pan on the stove and turned on the stove to high. Then she went out to
  her car and brought in another bag. This bag had a bunch of torture utensils
  that Mistress Black liked to use.  
She went back in the kitchen with an enema bag and filled it up with the
  hot water and came back and put it by Diamond. Diamond knew it was an enema
  bag but didn't know it was filled with hot water. Mistress Black then got the
  enema nozzle and reached under the chair and inserted the enema dildo into
  Diamonds ass. She then reached into her bag and pulled out several clamps that
  had hooks connected to it.  
Mistress Black then reached in and grabbed Diamonds inner pussy lips and
  out the clamps on. Diamond then cried out some but the mistress then went and
  got a strap that she connected to a dildo that she inserted into diamonds mouth
  to hold it in place. Four inches of the dildo went into Diamonds mouth and
  six inches stuck out for Mistress Blacks use.  
Mistress Black then connected several weights to Diamonds pussy lips. She
  then stepped back to admirer her handy work.  
THE BANK MANAGER 
&nbsp;CHAPTER 23 
&nbsp;Mistress Black then took a camera out of her bag and
  took several 
  pictures of her slave in such a vulnerable position in that chair. 
  She looked so good to Mistress Black, a dildo sticking out of her 
  mouth, tits hanging freely for torture, her pussy vulnerable for 
  whipping and teasing, her asshole assaulted by the dildo. 

  Mistress Black then got on the chair with Diamond and she straddled 
  the dildo and told Diamond to fuck her pussy. She then reached 
  between her legs and started fingering her clit. She told Diamond 
  that she better stick the dildo in deeper and deeper if she wanted 
  to please her mistress. 

  Minutes later Mistress Black wasn't happy with her slave so she 
  pinched her clit and told her now she would pay for not getting her 
  to come quick enough. So she was going to give her some incentive. 
  Mistress Black then reached over to the enema bottle and released 
  the flow of water and in seconds Diamond was screaming because the 
  hot water was burning the inside of her asshole. 

  Mistress Black then seen Diamond get real busy with her head to get 
  her to cum, or she was going to feel the whip on her pussy too. 
  Diamond was working as hard as she could, because she was in so much 
  pain from the enema. 

  Mistress got frustrated that the enema wasn't working fast enough so 
  she started whipping her pussy to make her work a lot faster. A 
  minute later Mistress Black came all over the dildo and she 
  dismounted her slave. She then got her bag and pulled another whip 
  out and tortured her titties. After an hour of torture she took the 
  dildo out of Diamond to let her speak. Diamond pleaded with her and 
  told her mistress she would never lie to her again about Cumming. 
  Mistress Black then released her slave from the chair and told her 
  that the only relief she will get is if she goes out into the back 
  yard and squats in the grass. Diamond agreed so she could get the 
  relief of the cramps and the pain from the dildo. 

  As they got out the door Diamond wanted to bend down right there but 
  Mistress Black told her she had to run around the yard several times 
  before she would let her relieve herself. Diamond agreed and 
  started running around naked in the back yard. 

  When Diamond got done with the laps and the mistress was pleased. 
  Diamond bent over and relieved the pain and it went all over the 
  ground. Mistress knew that she had abused her slave real good and 
  it would take a few days for her to relieve the pain. 

  Mistress then led her slave back into the house and told her that 
  she was the slave and never to forget her place. Diamond was in 
  very much pain as the mistress led her upstairs to the bathroom, so 
  she could go in the shower. Diamond cleaned up herself and returned 
  downstairs to where the mistress was sitting and they sat and talked 
  about what they were going to do with their slaves. Mistress Black 
  said she wanted to find a new slave and control her like they are 
  controlling Leda. 
THE BANK MANAGER 
CHAPTER 24 
The ladies enjoyed the rest of their day together talking about their slaves.
  That night Leda was so tired when she got home she fell asleep early and then
  headed to work a few minutes late. When she got to work she forgot about her
  secretary Valerie wanted her there at 8 am and ready for her. When she got
  to work it was already past 830 am. She walked in the hallway at work and walked
  past her secretary's desk. But she didn't see Valerie there. She was for sure
  that Valerie was running late for work. She got to her office and walked into
  the door and to her surprise she seen Valerie sitting at her desk and she had
  a very bad attitude. Valerie looked at her slave and said where the hell have
  you been bitch, you were supposed to be here at 8 am. Leda looked at her secretary
  and said I am sorry but I woke up late. 
The secretary then commanded that Leda put her stuff down and she was told
  to meet her in the bathroom in five minutes. She was to be completely naked
  with her face on the floor with her ass high in the air ready for an inspection.
  Leda looked at her secretary and told her that she would be in there. Then
  Valerie stormed out of the office and down the hall towards a closet by the
  bathroom. 
Leda put her purse by her desk and then walked out of the office down to the
  bathroom and she walked in. To her luck no one was at work yet and she then
  took off her dress clothes and folded them neatly on the counter and then got
  on her knees on the floor waiting for her mistress to walk into the bathroom
  for her punishment. 
Leda then heard a door close and she then heard Valerie's footsteps down to
  the bathroom. Leda didn't dare move, she knew that she had messed up a few
  times the past few days and she knew that Valerie wanted to get her back for
  making her cry and beg. 
Today was her revenge. Valerie walked into the bathroom and commented on her
  slave at least listening to one thing she was told to do. Then she reached
  down and hit Leda's bare ass with a loud smack. The echo went through the building.
  But the good thing was no one was at the office yet. Valerie then reached down
  and grabbed Leda's hair and dragged her over to the toilet stall. She then
  forced Leda to use her tongue to lick the outside of the toilet bowl and then
  the inside of the toilet bowl. As Leda was busy doing that Valerie would tell
  her that when she used the bathroom yesterday she purposely missed getting
  it in the bowl and she knew that her piss slut was going to lick her toilet
  clean today. 
Leda kept licking the bowl and around the toilet with her tongue when the
  secretary grabbed her and put her head and face completely in the water and
  told her, from now on when you want a drink you will ask me permission to
  get some water and when you have to use the bathroom you will ask permission
  first. Leda shook her head yes and agreed to her commands. The secretary then
  went and grabbed a small toilet brush a bucket that was under the sink and
  then she filled the bucket up with some soap and water. Then Valerie grabbed
  Leda by the hair and made her squat and spread her legs very wide. 
THE BANK MANAGER 
CHAPTER 25 
Valerie the pulled the brush from the bucket and then put the handle into
  Leda's Pussy and then told her she better hurry up and scrub the bathroom floor
  and she was only allowed to squat and use only her pussy. Leda was trying to
  control everything but was having a hard time getting it down. But she only
  took about 10 minutes and she finished. When she turned around to tell Valerie
  she was done she noticed that her clothes were missing and so was Valerie.
  A few minutes later Valerie had come back to the bathroom to get Leda and lead
  her back to the office. Leda was still squatting on the floor when Valerie
  came in and grabbed the brush out of her pussy and then she made Leda lick
  off the handle because it was all wet. She made her hurry up because the rest
  of the workers were about to come in and she didn't want them to see her naked
  and find out that she was a whore and a slave. 
Valerie then guided Leda out of the office and to their office. No one was
  in the office but Leda was scared someone would see her completely naked. Valerie
  then walked into the office and noticed that Leda didn't make coffee when she
  first got in so she told her that she was suppose to have it done before she
  asked for some. Leda agreed she wound have it in the future. 
Leda got up and made the coffee when Valerie went to her office for something
  and came back with a towel. She then put it on the floor by where she had the
  coffee. Valerie then told Leda to get on her back with her legs up in the air.
  She then told her to put her legs behind her head and then she told her that
  she wanted her slave to reach around and spread her pussy wide so she could
  have access and view the pink area between. Leda didn't know what her mistress
  was up to but she did as she commanded. Then Valerie told her she better hold
  onto her pussy lips and keep them spread wide and not to let go. Leda then
  pulled her pussy lips open, exposing her clit and inner pussy lips to any punishment
  she had in mind. Leda knew she wasn't going to get out of pain and she watched
  from her awkward position what was about to happen. 
Valerie the secretary then bent down and looked at Leda in the eyes and said
  now you will pay for being late and you better not move or I might just lead
  you out in front of all our other employees and have them have their shot at
  humiliating you also. I know you have pissed them off too. Leda knew if she
  begged there would be more pain and humiliation so she was just going to take
  it. At that moment the coffee was done and the mistress poured her a cup of
  coffee. She then looked at Leda and said do you want some slave. Leda shook
  her head no and then said thank you anyway mistress 
But the mistress then reached down with her left hand and fingered Leda's
  clit and played with her inner pussy lips a little. She teased her enough to
  where her clit was hard. Then she looked at Leda directly in the face and said. Now
  bitch you will have some coffee with me and from now on we will have a punishment
  for this also. Then without Leda knowing what she was going to do, she put
  her coffee cup directly over Leda's pussy and then she slowly dumped the coffee
  on her pussy. Leda screamed when she felt the hot coffee hitting her clit and
  inner pussy lips. She was forced to keep the coffee in her pussy until the
  mistress knew that the hot coffee burned her pussy and clit. The mistress then
  told Leda to clean up her mess and get dressed before everyone else came in.
  Leda quickly got ready and cleaned up the area. She was hurting though as she
  walked. Valerie went back to her desk and Leda got right to work. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  littlebro_969


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





