BDSM Library - GMID




GMID
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story happens in the future where things have changed a bit. Most men have become quite tame and kind-hearted and cannot hurt any women. Due to the lack of violence committed against women, many of them can only fantasize about being raped and snuffed. The modern emancipitated women all crave for torture, pain and the ultimate to be snuffed by a man. Luckily there is a club called GMID that promises to fulfil that wish for them. 
   
          GMID      
       by Honda 
             
      &copy;Copyright 2000 Honda-Matic, All Rights Reserved.
          This story may be reproduced only in its full, original, unedited and
          unmodified posting where: 1) full credit is given to its author and,
          2) no commercial gain of any sort is realized as a result of its reproduction.
          No permission is granted, actual or implied, to reproduce a modified
          version of this story, in whole or in part, without the express consent
        of the author. 
      Warning: This story is intended for mature adults only. Do
          not continue to read unless you enjoy reading snuff stories. This story
          is purely fictional and contains consensual m/f snuff and cannibalism. 
       
      ---- 
       
      Emily was a pretty brunette in her early twenties. She was sexually
        very experienced, having started at a very early age and tried every
        perversity she could imagine. Giving blowjobs or getting fucked up the
        ass was nothing unusual or extremely exciting to her. By her terms, these
        activities were actually the 'standard foreplay' which would lead to
        more exciting sexual activities such as fisting, golden showers and the
        very extreme kind of BDSM activities where pain was like the air that
        is required to breathe. 
      When Emily met Nicole at a BDSM club they quickly became good friends
        and together enjoyed a sadistic torture. Nicole almost got beaten to
        death and had one of her nipple mutilated. Emily enjoyed watching it
        and had several orgasms during that night watching Nicole scream in pain
        and succumbing to her agony which resulted in Nicole loosing consciousness
        as the pain became too extreme. Nicole, although totally exhausted, enjoyed
        it as well and was very hot and bothered when she regained consciousness
        afterwards. 
      It was then when Emily learned about Nicole's
          plan to join a special club called GMID. Emily also learned that Nicole
          had been saving up for the incredibly huge joining fee for an entire
          year. "It is well worth
        it. You better start saving now if you want to enjoy the best sex in
        the whole universe. There is nothing better than GMID." 
      That happened a year ago. Now Emily was standing in a queue waiting
        to get to the entrance of the GMID club. She was almost there and a long
        line had formed behind her; a long queue of stunningly beautiful girls
        around her age. It did not occur to her that there were no guys in the
        line until she saw a handsome young man walk pass the queue directly
        to the entrance. He was let in immediately and the girls in the queue
        began to start excited conversations and some even had heated arguments
        among themselves. 
      Emily overheard two girls arguing about who of them was more beautiful
        and would have a bigger chance to attract that handsome guy who just
        walked past them. These girls had no shame, each and everyone was thinking
        that she would be the one who would be able to feel that guy between
        her legs. 
      The membership was $10,000 per member. It was a lifetime membership,
        but there was still an entry fee of $500 per entry. Indeed, it was not
        a cheap club to join, but it was rumoured to be worth every cent of it.
        Guys were allowed free entry. The fee was only applicable to females. 
      It was nearly Emily's turn. There was only one girl in front of her,
        a blonde called Helen, with boobs the size of watermelons. She handed
        a cheque of $10,000 to the receptionist at the counter and was issued
        a club membership card. Then she was given the directions to the initiation
        room and was told to go there straight away. Emily nervously fumbled
        around staring at the cheque she was holding in her shaking hands. She
        had never had that much money in her hands before. Although it was not
        cash, but worth the same in value. It was her entire life's savings and
        she was going to spend it for the membership fee. 
      Finally it was her turn. She hesitated at first,
          not wanting to part with her hard earned money but finally she handed
          it over. It was the first step into realizing a dream. "Congratulations on becoming a member
        of Girl's Most Intimate Desire or G.M.I.D. in short.", she was greeted
        when she had paid and was also given directions to the initiation room
        and told to go there as well. For her, it was the first room on the left. 
      Emily slowly walked to the room's entrance and took a deep breath. This
        was it. She had finally joined the most exclusive and expensive girl
        snuff club. She was sure that she had done the right thing. This had
        to be good she told herself. Why else would there be so many gorgeous
        girls queuing up and paying a fortune to be part of it. She knew she
        would be snuffed at some time. It was stated in the contract that she
        had signed when she applied for the membership for which she had paid
        $10,000. The thought about it excited her, at the same time it also scared
        her a little. She could be killed by a total stranger at any time while
        she was on the premises of the club. She was just a toy and any guy could
        use her or ultimately snuff her any way he liked to. 
      The other twist was that there were many girls and only a handful of
        guys. Sometimes the guys just tease the girls who were desperate for
        some excitement and any sort of depravity. Girls do not always get snuffed.
        Often the guys just play with them, torturing them, beating them with
        whips or cutting them with knives. But it did not always lead to the
        ultimate pleasure of being snuffed. No, sometimes, the guys were so mean,
        they would actually torture the girls by doing absolutely nothing to
        them besides grinning and oggling at their breasts. This was the worst
        torture since the girls did not like it nor enjoyed that kind of torture
        at all. 
      Emily was sure that she would be able to seduce a guy into snuffing
        her. There were so many girls competing for the attentions of the guys
        who were sometimes so sadistic in their selection process. Some extremely
        lucky girl was known to have been snuffed the first night she joined,
        but such cases were very rare. The guys loved to torture the girls a
        bit longer by letting them wonder about when their turn would finally
        be. They loved to see some of the more desperate women beg to be snuffed
        and purposefully denied their requests. Emily hoped she would be able
        to find a sadistic guy who would inflict the most extreme torture upon
        her and snuff her slowly so that she could feel all the pain until the
        end. It would really fulfill her darkest desires. Unfortunately, she
        was not the only one feeling that way. There were many other girls just
        like her competing for the few guys that visit the club and any girl
        should consider herself lucky enough to get picked by a guy to be his
        snuff toy. It was something all the girls who had joined GMID passionately
        wanted. 
      The door opened and Emily was let in. There was a small bob in the center
        of the room. A small fire was burning beside it. Emily took a closer
        look and recognised the handle of a poker sticking out from the fire. 
      "Welcome to the initiation center", said the young
          woman dressed in a white apron who had let her in. She was about the
          same age and height as Emily, but had much smaller boobs than her.
          Emily was proud of her boobs. They were firm and rounded nicely. They
        were just perfectly healthy breasts and nice looking ones as well. 
      "Please undress. You can put your clothes in here",
          the woman told her and gave her a basket to deposit her clothes in.
          Emily hesitantly started to undress. She had expected something like
          this but the reality of it overwhelmed her. She was still trying to
          get used to the idea that she had just spend her life's savings to
          join this exclusive club. Emily was excited to be a member of G.M.I.D.
          but did not exactly know what to expect since not much about the club
        is kwown to outsiders. 
      She had finished stripping and put her clothes
          into the basket given to her and was now staring at the red hot poker
          heating in the fire. "C..c..can
        I have a look at the seal?", she stottered nervously. "I'd like to see
        it before... you know" 
      "Well, there really isn't much to look at. It's just a simple oval with
        'GMID' and 'SLUT' engraved on it. Nothing fancy.", she was told coldly
        by the young woman attending her. The attendants name was Karmen. "Just
        bend over and you can admire it afterwards in the mirror. We don't want
        it to get cold before we use it, do we?", she just said. 
      Emily did not know what to say in response so
          she just knelt down over the bob as told and trussed her ass up in
          the air. Karmen pushed her down onto the bob until she was resting
          on it comfortably. "Just try
        to relax and lean over the bob. Don't try to move or truss up your ass.
        It's easier that way. Believe me, I know." 
      Emily's whole body was trembling with fear and excitement. She imagined
        the pain that she was about to receive from the evil looking poker and
        was wondering how long it would take and whether she would be able to
        bear the pain and stay conscious. 
      "Open your mouth", Karmen commanded. 
      Emily obediantly opened her mouth wide and wondered
          what it was for. She soon enough found out when Karmen forced a ball
          gag into her open mouth and secured it. "You can bite on this. It will
          help a lot for enduring the pain. And try to remain conscious. It will
          reflect better on you if you do. Emily was very excited, at the same
          time she was also very scared. Both emotions were equally strong within
          her and Emily swayed from the one to the other not being able to make
        out which of the two feelings was more appropriate in such a situation. 
      And then she suddenly felt it. At first it was pure lightning pain grabbing
        her backside. Emily led out a terrible and deafening scream through the
        gag which could had woken the dead. The shrilled and powerful scream
        even made Karmen shutter and feel something run up her spine despite
        the fact that she had been used to the screams made during initialisation
        since that was her job and she performed it quite often. 
      However, shortly after the initial pain, another feeling quickly overpowered
        Emily. Her pussy was suddenly dripping wet. It was pure lust. She orgasmed
        from the pain received through the branding. Her once entirely smooth
        and soft ass cheek was decorated with a beautiful seal bearing the emblem
        of GMID. It had an oval shape with GMID imprinted in itallic at the bottom
        of the oval and the word 'slut' was in large bold across the rest of
        the seal. Still in pain, Emily bit hard onto the ball gag in her mouth. 
      "Congratulations, you did not faint. This will give you bonus points
        and I'll make sure the guys know about this.", Karmen told her. 
      The guys always judged the girls by whether they would faint during
        initialisation or not. Strong girls that do not faint are more popular
        since it demonstrated that they were able to endure more pain and therefore
        are more fun to torture. However, the majority of the girls faint when
        the poker is pulled away from their burned cheek. It was just too painful
        for them since the seal was quite big and burned away a lot of skin. 
      Emily was one of the specially strong ones and was very proud and happy
        when she was introduced to the other club members. She could hear the
        other girls whispering amongst themselves. They were all envious of her
        endurance and strength which meant she was a valueable torture toy and
        fun to play with. 
      After her introduction, she went over to the bar to get a drink. The
        pain was still stinging her butt and she hoped the alcohol could give
        her some relief. The room was scarely lit, with just a few candles providing
        just enough light for people to see the outlines of the furnitures and
        people in the room. Emily ordered a cocktail and sipped on her drink.
        Suddenly she caught a glimpse of a shadow moving along the wall next
        to her and saw a door opening and closing. She recognised Helen, the
        girl in front of her at the queue, enter the room. 
      Then a commotion started and all the girls rushed over to where Helen
        had disappeared to and were trying to peek in into the action happening
        inside the private chamber that lay behind that door. 
      "What's going on?", she asked another girl that was running past her. "Someone
        got lucky", the girl replied and hurried to where most of the other girls
        had gathered. There were small holes through which they were able to
        peek at the action inside the room. Emily left her drink at the bar and
        went over to join the other girls to see what was happening. 
      Inside, a handsome guy was undressing and kissing
          Helen. Then he started to rub some olive oil all over her. "She's so lucky", someone said. "Yeah,
        I wish it was me inside with that hunk instead of her.", someone else
        said. 
      Emily pushed herself to the front to take a peek as well and could see
        a large gouldron heating over a fire at the other side of the room. Meanwhile
        the guy was fucking Helen up her ass while she moaned with pleasure.
        Emily rubbed her own pussy while watching that scene. Then finally the
        guy came and pumped his seed deep into Helen who grunted with deep satisfaction. 
      After a short moment, Helen hugged the guy and then stood up straight.
        Emily noticed that Helen was completely bald on her pussy. It was shining
        from the oil that was applied earlier. Then the guy led her over to the
        gouldron with the boiling water in it. There was a ladder leaning at
        the gouldron which Helen could use to get up to the top. The guy let
        Helen climb up first and followed her to the top. When both of them were
        at the top, Helen turned around and hugged the guy one final time. Then
        she climbed up to stand at the rim of the gouldron. She took a deep breath
        in. Everyone watching her also held their breath. Then Helen breathed
        out slowly and jumped into the boiling water with a small splash. This
        was followed by some desperate and agonised screams from Helen and some
        more wild splashing. Then after a short moment, the screaming and splashing
        sound stopped and the sound of some bubbling could be heard procuded
        by the boiling water. 
      The guy then climbed back down and went to the bar to get a drink. All
        the girls followed the guy and tried to make themselves noticable to
        him with the hope he would like them. Emily also attemped to get close
        to him, but was unable to due to the many other girls blocking her way.
        Since she was weakened a bit by her previous branding session, she decided
        to take it easy and not fight for attention. So she went back to her
        side of the bar and continued to sip on her drink while most of the other
        girls were all trying hard to attract the attention and win the favour
        of the guy on the other end of the bar. Nobody was thinking about Helen
        simmering in the gouldron, becoming dinner for them later on that night. 
      Suddenly another handsome guy entered the club
          and all the girls stared frozen in their movements as he entered and
          walked straight towards Emily and sat down next to her. Emily could
          not believe her luck and could not utter a world out of excitement
          and just stared at the guy next to her. After some time, she finally
          pulled herself together and smiled seductively at the guy and was able
          to say: "Hi". To her surprise the
        guy smiled back at her and put his arm around her shoulder. 
      "I want to fuck you, then gut you and cut off your tits while I cum
        into you.", he whispered into her ear. Emily got soaking wet immediately
        when she heard this and threw herself around his neck and they kissed
        passionately. Then he handled her tits very roughly which Emily enjoyed
        tremenduosly. "Oh yeah, baby, please fuck me now and then cut off my
        boobs." 
      The guy sat down and unzipped his pants. Emily immediately went down
        on him and started to give life to his cock by slowly massaging it with
        her tongue and then sucking it till it was rock hard. Then she straddled
        him and let his cock slip into her asshole. The pain was at first very
        unbearable, but quickly turned into pleasure. Emily quickly got into
        a rythm and was rocking up and down on the guy's cock while he was caressing
        her tits and pulling on her nipples. 
      "Oh, please gut me now", Emily moaned. The guy was squeezing her tit
        hard at that moment and then moved his hands down to her soft belly.
        A waitress stepped over on his signal and gave him a gutting knife which
        he took. While still fucking Emily up her ass, he pointed the sharp blade
        against her belly and slowly sank it into her flesh. "Argh", she moaned
        as her belly was slowly cut open by the guy. Emily looked down and saw
        her guts dropping out of her parted belly and as she was being fucked
        in the ass, more of her guts were shaken out. Emily was feeling an orgasm
        ripple through her body, the biggest orgasm she had ever had. Being gutted
        while getting it up the ass was such a turn on for her. She knew there
        was more and moaned happily when she felt a strong hand grab her left
        breast. Then she felt the blade's cold steel under the base of her left
        breast and knew it was time to part with her tits. She bit her lips as
        she felt the cold steel cut into her breast and severing it from the
        rest of her body. Emily felt one orgasm after another as her tits were
        slowly sliced off her body. Then she felt some hot semen being shot up
        her anal love canal before she reached her most intensive orgasm. She
        was happy to have lived for this glorious and enjoyful moment, the highlight
        of her life and also the most enjoyable death a girl could wish for.
        It really was something special, something to die for. Her life had been
    fun but her death was the best part of her life.     
   
 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Honda Kushimoto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





