BDSM Library - The Game




The Game
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: AKA, serial killer of young men, zeroes in on a beautiful blond college freshman unlucky enough to be late leaving campus for the Christmas holidays. THE GAME   
 by      
 JASON   
 PART I:   "  AKA"   
 The boy was beautiful. There was no other
    word for it. Blond and broad-shouldered, he stood leaning over the sink in
    order to get a better look at his perfectly featured face, apparently concerned
    that the mirror might reveal a blemish on what appeared to be an otherwise
    totally clear chin. His back had gone taut, the skin flawlessly smooth across
    a flexible, stretching spine. Well-worn denim--he had on nothing but a pair
    of tight jeans--gripped his hips as he went up on tiptoe, the seam digging
    deep into the crack between his handsomely sculpted buttocks. A frayed slit
    near the left rear pocket revealed bright scarlet underpants. From the snug
    fit of his jeans, it would appear that his legs were going to be as terrific
    as the rest of him. Long. Lean. Muscular. A swimmer's legs. Or so AKA had
    decided.   
 The view from the toilet was surprisingly good. AKA had
    just taken his chances that he would a find a suitable spot from which to
    observe those freshmen unlucky enough to have late exams and thus still waiting
    to start their Christmas break. The stall had turned out to be the ideal
    place, for it was getting pretty late now and the few students who remained
    in the dorm had begun the day's final ablutions before heading off to bed
    with freshly scrubbed faces and vigorously brushed teeth.   
 Before coming in, AKA had determined that lights were on
    in only two rooms on this particular floor, each at opposite ends of the
    building. Over the last five minutes, AKA had been fortunate enough to get
    a look at both rooms' occupants. The first hadn't been bad at all. He was
    relatively short, but that didn't matter. Height was not one of AKA's requirements.
    The kid had a wrestler's body--stocky but nicely muscular, especially the
    arms and pecs. The face had been totally acceptable, especially his wide,
    sexy little cupid's bow of a mouth, but the rest was way above average, however
    you looked at. He would have done. Done very well, in fact. But then Swimmer
    Boy had appeared, and AKA knew that the game was on. That's how AKA always
    thought of it. As a game. Two players. The master and the mastered. This
    was the opening move: his eyes locked on the right guy, opportunity knocking,
    the fates in the process of bringing the prey and his pursuer into happy--at
    least for AKA--alignment.   
 The boy pulled away from the mirror and finished washing
    his hands. As he moved, his jeans, snug though they were, slipped to reveal
    the bony curves at the top of his hips. Just below, a bright red ridge of
    Calvins rose into view. AKA could read the name from where he sat.   
 How has he stayed so tan in December? AKA wondered as he
    admired the striking difference in skin color revealed by the suggestively
    sagging jeans. By lying in the sun over at the university's big indoor pool?
    AKA didn't recall ever seeing him there, but many guys did that. Took a swim,
    then stretched out on a towel beneath the pool's high, wide, sky-invoking
    windows, windows that made even the coldest, rainiest day blissfully irrelevant.
    This kid had to be one of them. There was no other way to explain the honey-brown
    glow suffusing the skin above the smooth, pale flesh of the hips.   
 AKA flushed at the thought that he would soon see it all,
    his pleasure unimpeded by jeans or jockeys. He patted the big pockets of
    his hefty winter coat. On the right he could feel the outlines of the knife.
    To be used only to threaten, of course. For AKA hated blood. He had had only
    one experience along those lines, but it was enough to last a lifetime. The
    mess had appalled him. No, the knife was just to get control, and it was
    amazing how easy that could be. People would think that an athletic young
    guy like the one on the other side of the stall door would put up a fight,
    resist, something. But AKA knew better. A couple had run. One had even gotten
    away. But nobody fought. Not once. Not even the strapping thirty-year-old
    truck driver AKA had met stranded by the side of the road one hot summer
    night, and he had more reason than most, given that AKA actually told him
    what he was going to do before getting the cuffs on him. No, Swimmer Boy
    wasn't going to fight either. AKA could tell. All it would take was a wave
    of the knife and the kid would cower, afraid that that flawless, golden brown
    skin of his might suffer a nasty nick or two.   
AKA felt his left pocket. It was
    considerably bulkier. He traced the outlines of a pair of handcuffs, a roll
    of duct tape, and a small sponge. They were all he would need. The boy would
    provide the rest. AKA had already decided what. The underpants he was wearing
    at that very moment.   
 An excited smile creased AKA's face. They'd be perfect and--what's
    more--serve the kid right. Anyone who wore jockeys like that deserved to
    be killed with them. AKA saw it all. How, after he had done all the other
    stuff he had planned, he'd force the kid's perfectly shaped head through
    one of the leg openings, insert his hand in the other, and twist. Twist until
    the boy's handsome young face blushed as crimson as the tightening red cotton
    at his throat. Twist until the purpling young tongue poked through the gaping
    blue mouth. Twist until the last bit of oxygen burned out of the completely
    obliterated brain. Fini. Kaput. The final few jerks of the taut young legs--it
    was almost always the legs--the proverbial icing on the cake.   
The boy dried his hands and turned
    to leave, casually tossing his hand towel over his shoulder as he did so.
    AKA finally got a good look at his pecs and stomach. They were, of course,
    as perfect as the rest of him. The pecs were beautifully flat and firm and
    cut in an almost straight line just below two brown, nickel-sized nipples.
    Especially attractive was the compellingly smooth, narrow vale of flesh that
    ran from the top of his breastbone all the way down to his navel. AKA had
    never seen anything quite like it. It divided his chest into two superbly
    matched, delectable halves.   
 Unlike the first kid, Swimmer
    Boy suddenly noticed that someone was in the stall. Sky-blue eyes glanced
    inquiringly at AKA's feet. But that was all. Then he wasn't given another
    thought. AKA could tell. But we'll soon change that, AKA said to himself.
    Anger flushed across the top of his cheeks. Yes, we'll soon change that.   
 And even as he said it, he stood
    and undid the bolt on the stall door. Swimmer Boy was retreating fast. AKA
    saw an elbow, a flash of pink heel, then nothing. He hurried after, but not
    too quickly. The point was to see which of the two occupied rooms the kid
    was heading toward, which isolated end of the building was his. Because AKA
    hadn't had a chance to determine with the wrestler.   
 The sound of the slapping bare
    feet told AKA all he really needed to know. The kid had gone left. So he
    would be in the third room from the end on the right. AKA had already figured
    that out. Even so, he wanted to get one more glimpse of his prey before the
    next part of the game began. Thus, he carefully peered around the door and
    watched as the boy made his way down the hall, his sleek, slim body retreating
    with a quick, easy grace.   
 AKA practically growled in anticipation.   
 From the opposite end of the hall came the muffled beat
    of a band, rock music being played by the wrestler. Great! thought AKA. Not
    that there there'll be much noise. Certainly not once Swimmer Boy gets securely
    gagged. Before that, one took one's chances. They might not fight and they
    might not run, but they sometimes yelled. Until they couldn't, that is.   
 AKA drew back as the kid reached his room, opened the door
    and went in.   
 He heard the door close. Every part of him was tingling
    now--his face, his hands, his legs, his stomach. He wet his lips and adjusted
    the slowly stirring flesh in his groin. Taking a deep breath, he stepped
    into the hall and turned left. The ruse he had already decided on would work.
    He knew that as well.   
 &quot;Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I need to leave a note
    for a guy down the hall. Do you mind if I come in and use a pen and a piece
    of paper? I didn't think to bring anything with me.&quot;   
 He had practiced the lines several times now. His tone would
    be one of friendly consternation. Just the right amount of each. He even
    knew who he was supposedly leaving the note for, just in case Swimmer Boy
    thought to ask. AKA had quickly memorized the name card   
on the door of the room to the left of the stairs, the name
    of a kid who, given the darkened state of his room, had already left for
    the holidays.   
 AKA reached Swimmer Boy's door. 331. He wondered if the
    papers would mention it. They sometimes gave a surprising amount of detail.
    Although they had never mentioned the key fact. How AKA did it. Offed them.
    Always using a piece of their own clothing. Just as he was going to do tonight.   
 He smiled as the memories came. For the scruffy, dark-haired
    truck driver, his thick black bootlaces had served the purpose. For the lip-pierced
    Minnesota mallrat--lured into AKA's van by a promise of "some really great
    grass"--his faded Metallica T-shirt had done the trick, first pulled, then
    wrung around the whimpering teen's pretty young neck. A pair of smelly white
    socks had done in the long-legged jogger from Chicago. Too bad the boyish
    young newlywed--he had only been married a month, he said--had twisted his
    ankle just a few minutes before AKA drove by. Otherwise, he would never have
    been limping by the side of the road, never have had his thumb out, never
    have had his own sweaty socks forced down his violently gagging throat. Donnie,
    the cute Canadian cowboy who had been left oh-so-fortunately stranded at
    the Iron Bull Bar by a lousy, cunt-chasing rodeo pal, was sent packing with
    his own leather belt, the big brass buckle placed strategically over a furiously
    working Adam's apple. Sweet-faced, doe-eyed Donnie--possessor of the most
    beautifully proportioned body AKA had ever seen--had convulsed for well over
    twenty minutes--the record so far. AKA was still amazed at how long he had
    been able to keep the long, lissome twenty-one-year-old thrashing, but he
    had somehow managed to apply just the right amount of pressure to the wonderfully
    lithe, powerfully pulsating neck.   
 But the most entertaining offing by far--AKA chuckled as
    he remembered--involved the husky high school running back who had been making
    his way home after a late-afternoon football practice. It had been a hoot
    to take him back to the field later, by then wearing only his helmet, his
    piss-stained jockstrap lodged deep in his thoroughly ravaged throat. AKA
    had laughed out loud as he laid the brawny teenage hunk between the goal
    posts, his muscular thighs spread, his bruised mouth gaping, his gnawed cock
    flapping, a pair of ice-cold balls cupped in his lifeless young hands.   
 The official silence about how AKA did it was strategy,
    of course. AKA knew that. It was a vital fact the police were keeping to
    themselves in hopes of using the information to nail the culprit when the
    time came. Which would never happen. Or not tonight anyway. AKA was sure
    of it. Swimmer Boy was going to lose the game tonight. There was no question.
    AKA would once again emerge the victor. Without a doubt. The rest would take
    care of itself. Because by then AKA would be gone, safe and free, once again
    secure in the life he really lived, the life beyond the game, where he had
    a real name, the Also-Known-As the police in any number of states were Oh-So-Anxious
    to know.   
 AKA knocked, then stepped back. There was a short pause.
    Then the door opened. To reveal that Swimmer Boy had shucked his tight-fitting
    jeans. A slim brown hand was casually adjusting the sizeable lump of flesh
    trapped in the crotch of the scarlet jockeys.   
 AKA practically drooled.   
 The quizzical blond face said, &quot;Can I help you?&quot;   
PART 2:  ROOM 331   
 "Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I need to leave a note for
    a guy down the hall. Do you mind if I come in and use a pen and a piece of
    paper? I didn't think to bring anything with me.&quot;   
 There was a moment's hesitation, a moment's doubt. AKA could
    see it in the kid's eyes. But then Swimmer Boy shrugged his broad, bare,
    browned shoulders and said, "Okay, I guess."   
 He slowly turned and walked back into the room, leaving
    AKA to follow.   
 His legs  are   as
    good as the rest of him, AKA decided as the kid moved away. Just as AKA had
    imagined, they     were
    long, lean, and muscular. They were also as gloriously tanned as the rest
    of the kid's body.   
 "There's a pen and paper here somewhere," the boy said as
    he reached his desk. The muscles in his handsomely sculpted butt flexed beneath
    the bright red cotton of his jockeys he bent and shuffled among the surprising
    large amount of debris scattered across the desktop.   
 The kid seemed totally nonchalant about having on nothing
    but a pair of underpants. AKA took it as more proof that he was a swimmer.
    He was used to marching around in front of total strangers in a tiny little
    Speedo bathing suit, so it didn't feel odd to parade about in nothing but
    his Calvins. At least, not if his audience was another guy. Little did he
    know.   
 The moment had come. AKA's pulse was pounding as it always
    did at this point. Because there would be no going back once he began to
    act. The die would have been cast, the game begun for real.   
 AKA quietly closed and locked the door behind him. The lock
    made a dull click, but Swimmer Boy didn't appear to notice.   
 "Fuck," the kid said. He was having trouble locating a blank
    piece of paper, it seemed. Personally, he seemed as fresh and clean as if
    he had just emerged from doing a hundred laps, but his room was an exam-week
    mess. "So who you leavin' a note for? Almost everybody's gone home by now."   
 The voice was surprisingly low and mellow. A rich kid's
    voice. But then mostly rich kid's went to this school.   
 "Webber Lynch," AKA replied. He drew the knife out of his
    right pocket as he spoke.   
 "Webber?" the kid declared in surprise. He glanced back
    at AKA. AKA froze, but Swimmer Boy apparently didn't see the knife for he
    casually turned his attention back to the clutter on his desk and said, "Nobody
    calls Carl  Webber  ."   
 AKA remembered. The name card on the dorm door to the right
    by the stairs had listed a middle name as well. Carlyle. AKA had assumed
    the Lynch kid used his first name, but apparently not.   
 The boy stopped what he was doing, straightened his back,
    and tilted his head. An idea had suddenly come to him.   
 "Heh, I think you're wasting your time, man," he said. "I'm
    pretty sure Carl's gone home for Christmas."   
 AKA moved even as the kid started to turn around. He took
    three steps forward, clutched the back of the sun-browned neck, and pressed
    the knife against the slender, vulnerable throat.   
 To say the kid stiffened would be an understatement. Every
    muscle in his slim, sleek body appeared to have gone rigid.   
 "You say anything, do anything, and I'll shove this right
    through your fucking neck. You understand?"   
 There was the smallest of nods. Yeah, the kid was scared
    shitless he might get a nasty nick on that flawless skin of his. It was exactly
    what AKA had bet on.   
 "Over to the bed," AKA directed.   
 The two of them shuffled to the left, jerkily but together,
    AKA maintaining his grip on the boy's neck, the knife pressed hard--but not
    too hard--to the jugular.   
 The kid's breathing picked up, but he was otherwise stone
    silent, his body a rigid column of nicely obedient flesh and bone.   
 They quickly reached the bed, which was relatively low to
    the floor. The boy's shins bumped up against it.   
 "Face down," AKA ordered, his voice shaking with a combination
    of fear and excitement. "Lie face down."   
 Swimmer Boy obeyed, but it wasn't easy. The angle was awkward.
    He bent forward, tried to lower himself, then practically fell the rest of
    the way. AKA fell with him. He straddled the flying legs, shifted quickly
    up onto the thighs, then moved higher still--onto the boy's butt. Even through
    his pants, AKA could tell that the kid's buns were an exciting combination
    of cushion and steel, equal amounts of each.   
 The boy inhaled a deep, raspy breath. He had apparently
    been forgetting to breathe. A pair of bony shoulder blades stretched to accommodate
    the large volume of air.   
 "I don't want to hurt you, but I will if you make me, okay?"   
 The statement had recently become a part of AKA's routine.
    The promise not to hurt them if they cooperated made them much more tractable
    just when you wanted them to be. At the start. AKA had played the game a
    bit more dangerously in the past--with the scruffy, dark-haired truck driver,
    for example--but risk for its own sake was not really what turned AKA on.
    Results were what mattered, not the risky road to achieving them.   
 "What do you want?"   
 The kid had finally managed to speak. His voice was now
    breathy and shallow, a lot less mellow than it had been just a few moments
    before.   
 AKA released the kid's neck and fished for the handcuffs
    in his left coat pocket.   
 "I gotta have some money for drugs. I'm desperate, okay?
    But I don't wanna hurt you. I just gotta have some dough to buy some drugs."   
 AKA liked the idea of giving the kid something distracting
    to think about. While he was pondering AKA's totally fictional drug problem,
    his mind racing to think how he could give AKA the money he wanted and then
    get him the hell out of his room, AKA would have gotten him secured. Once
    the kid was secured, AKA could pop the little bubble of hope that only a
    little robbery was underway, a robbery that--scary though it was--would soon
    be over, right?   
 Wrong.   
 AKA dropped the cuffs onto Swimmer Boy's back.   
 The kid jerked and began to turn his head to glance behind
    him.   
 "Don't look at me," AKA commanded. "The less you see, the
    better, okay?" AKA pressed the kid's head into the mussed navy blue blanket
    on the poorly made bed. He held it there just long enough for the boy to
    experience a brief panic about being allowed to breathe, then he let go.   
 This time there was a second, even deeper and more ragged
    inhalation.   
 "Put your hands behind your back where I can see them."   
 Swimmer Boy immediately complied.   
 "What you gonna do, man?"   
 "I told you. Get me some dough. This is just to make sure
    you don't do anything foolish in the meantime."   
 AKA snapped the left cuff on, then the right. He then pressed
    down on each one to make sure they were tight. The kid flinched. Good. They
    were tight.   
 Securing the handcuffs was a very important matter. That's
    how the one kid--a slim, freckled-faced fifteen-year-old AKA had seen get
    off a school bus in a Denver suburb all by his lonesome little latchkey self--almost
    got away. AKA hadn't made sure the boy's wrists were safely secured. Five
    minutes later, the frisky little shit had freed himself and was up and running
    for his life. AKA had only managed to catch him at the front door. The boy's
    neighborhood had seemed about as sleepy as one could be and still be called
    a neighborhood (a major factor in AKA's daring to go after the kid at all),
    but AKA still felt damned lucky he had caught the boy before he made it outside.
    Frisky Shit had paid dearly for the escapade, of course. Before smothering
    him with his own baseball glove, AKA had smashed his tight teen balls with
    his own Jurassic Park paperweight. The baseball glove was perhaps stretching
    the point about offing them a piece of their own clothing, but it had been
    so soft and flexible and had fit so perfectly over the pesky cocksucker's
    runny nose and mouth that AKA had felt compelled to use it.   
 Swimmer Boy might now decide to resist, but, what with the
    cuffs on, it was too late. The kid looked to be almost six feet, but he weighed
    only about 160, AKA guessed. At 200, AKA had a good 40 additional pounds
    of pretty solid muscle on him, as well as the even greater advantage the
    handcuffs now gave.   
 Of course, there was the danger that Swimmer Boy might soon
    begin to yell and shout. Which was why AKA now proceeded to remove what he
    needed from his other pocket. The duct tape and the small sponge. AKA leaned
    forward, grabbed a fistful of silky blond hair, and pulled the boy's head
    back.   
 There was a brief gasp, then mumbled protest as AKA forced
    the sponge into the open mouth. He quickly pulled a long strip from the roll
    of tape, being careful to lay it flat when he tore it off, then reinserted
    the sponge the boy had halfway tongued back out and taped his mouth shut
    by winding the strip of tape twice around his head.   
 The feeling that now flooded AKA was unlike any other. The
    beautiful young hunk now trapped between his thighs was his, his completely,
    his until the end, the end that AKA and AKA alone would decree. There was
    no other sensation in the world like it, the feeling that he could now play
    god, could now control fate, could now call down death on the spoiled little
    rich-kid who lay oh-so-sweetly cuffed and gagged below him.   
 AKA was hard as a rock, his breathing deep with excitement,
    his cock straining at the front of his jeans.   
 He slipped off the boy and got to his feet.   
 Despite the order not to look back, the boy turned his head.
    Their eyes met. There was nothing quite like this moment either. The fear
    in Swimmer Boy's eyes was like a kind of liquor. AKA drank it in. For a moment,
    he actually swayed with the intoxication of it.   
 Then, steadying himself, he began to undress.   
 First he bent and removed his boots.   
 Then he took off his coat.   
 His shirt went next.   
 He dropped both of them on the floor behind him.   
 Understanding dawned when AKA began to unbuckle his belt.
    AKA saw it happen in the boy's eyes.   
 "I lied," he said. The eyes widened. "I don't do drugs.
    I don't need your money. It's you I want."   
 The hands trapped in the cuffs immediately began to pull.
    The nicely developed triceps immediately began to flex. To no avail. Thrashing
    to free himself, the boy turned onto his side. His perfectly cut pecs bulged
    with the effort his arms were making. His spruce abs pulsed with the strain.   
 AKA removed his jeans and socks, then stood and massaged
    his cock through his underpants. Not Calvins. Nothing so preppy as Calvins.
    J. C. Penny's best. Plain white jockeys. Basic.   
 The boy had now flipped onto his back. His pecs continued
    to bulge, his abs strain. His face had gone red from the effort.   
 AKA moved forward, stroking himself.   
 The kid tried to back away. His heels pushed against the
    blanket, slipped, tried again, succeeded, sort of. Enough anyway that his
    head bumped back against the wall on the far side of the bed.   
 AKA reached down and seized the boy's ankles.   
 "Relax. Relax or I'll cut your throat and fuck your dead
    body."   
 The kid tried to pull away, failed.   
 "I mean it, Swimmer Boy. It's your choice. You cooperate
    or I'll kill you and then fuck your fucking dead body."   
 AKA did mean it. It wasn't his favorite way, but fucking
    a fresh kill provided its own kind of pleasure. As the long-haired fifteen-year-old
    neighbor boy back in AKA's hometown had good reason to know. It was just
    too bad that Neighbor Boy had gone and lost the key to his house on a night
    his parents were away. It was just too bad that his older sister wasn't yet
    home from her "hot date" to let him in. It was just too bad that Neighbor
    Boy thought that AKA's own parents had been given a spare key he could use
    to get in. AKA's parents did in fact have a key to the boy's house, thanks
    to the fact that the two families were Such Good Neighbors. AKA, who was
    home house-sitting while his own parents were off on a two-week vacation,
    had led the boy back to the kitchen to get the key. Where, of course, there
    was a handy steak knife available as well. It was just too bad the stupid
    little cock-tease wouldn't just shut the fuck up and take it. And Neighbor
    Boy  was   a cock-tease,
    having jerked off when he  had   to
    know AKA could see him the previous two nights running--both times in his
    brightly lit bedroom, a bedroom he knew damned well faced directly across
    from the one AKA always used when he was home for some reason. Fortunately,
    Neighbor Boy sported one of those thick leather neck thongs so many teens
    liked to wear. It had served the purpose quite nicely after he managed to
    knock the knife from AKA's hand. Later, washed and cleaned--the boy being
    one of the few to shit himself--AKA had fucked the kid's dead body. Twice.
    At first AKA had missed the squirming and struggling of his earlier kills
    (Neighbor Boy was his ninth and counting at that point), but there was something
    about the total surrender of the fifteen-year-old's fresh young corpse that
    made AKA feel as if he had downed a whole bottle of champagne. It hadn't
    hurt, of course, that he had fantasized about doing the kid long before those
    two recent cock-tease jerk-off sessions, but he never imagined that the fates
    would actually make it possible for him to grab the boy and get away with
    it. But AKA had. Nothing in AKA's past gave him away, and he later handled
    the two brief police interviews like a charm. It helped that the body was
    never found, of course. That way, Neighbor Boy remained a possible runaway,
    the best of all possible scenarios, and, as it turned out, one that was reinforced
    by the fact that the kid had a reputation at school as a first-class dope-crazed
    bad-ass.   
 So was Swimmer Boy going to try to kick, try to use his
    legs as weapons? Some had, of course. AKA saw Swimmer Boy try to decide.
    He waited, his eyes locked on the kid's.   
 He felt the legs surrender before the boy's eyes had even
    betrayed the fact. The calves went limp, the feet too. AKA swung the legs
    slightly, just enough to work the surrender all the way up the boy's body.
    He didn't stop until he saw Swimmer Boy's shoulders go slack.   
 "Good. Good. That's good," AKA commended, once again amazed
    at how quickly such virile young studs tended to give in. People wouldn't
    believe it. They really wouldn't.   
 The boy dropped his head back and stared at the ceiling
    even as AKA pulled him lengthwise onto the bed and let go of the ankles.
    The tanned feet stuck out over the bottom of the bed, looking both forlorn
    and useless. Leaning forward, AKA squeezed the lax, lightly haired calves.
    He reached higher and kneaded the knobby, motionless knees. He reached higher
    still and stroked the surface of the smooth, muscular thighs.   
 For the first time the boy tensed. AKA smiled and slowly
    wedged his hand between the thighs, deliberately grazing the base of the
    cotton jockeys as he did so. He brushed the base of the jockeys once, twice,
    three times, doing a bit more each time to make contact with the inviting
    bulge of balls outlined beneath. The boy was still staring at the ceiling,
    but there was no question. He was getting hard. Despite himself, despite
    his own fear, his own consternation, his own astonishment at the betrayal
    his own body was now in the process of committing.   
 AKA rose onto the bed and settled himself on the kid's sexy
    lower legs.   
 His hands returned to the firm thighs, to the boy's crotch,
    to the bulging balls beneath the jockeys.   
 There was no question now. The boy's dick was responding.
    It began to tunnel its way up through the Calvins. More. Then more still.
    AKA paused, then used his index finger to trace the shape of it.   
 The boy tensed again.   
 "That's okay, buddy," AKA murmured. "It's a guy thing. You
    can't help it. Just relax. Enjoy it. You've had your cock sucked before,
    right? There's no crime in that."   
 Another little bubble of hope, AKA thought to himself. Now
    the kid will think I'm just a uniquely aggressive cocksucker, so starved
    to go down on tasty teenage boycock that I'm willing to commit a crime to
    do it. So I blow him. So I give studly young Swimmer Boy a little unlooked-for
    head. Then I'll go away. Because that's all I'm here for, right?   
 Wrong.   
 AKA reached up and grasped the top of the Calvins. He teasingly
    fingered the elastic waistband for a moment. Then he pulled. It was a long,
    slow, determined pull. Determined, because by sheer force of will Swimmer
    Boy tried his best to keep the Calvins on. But he failed. His cock emerged,
    flipped up, then tottered to the left, where it lay thick and waiting. It
    was a good seven inches, and, given the boy's own basic slimness, much fatter
    than AKA had imagined. There was no question. The kid sported one healthy
    hunk of sausage.   
 AKA continued to draw the jockeys down.   
 The balls came into view. Plump. Tight. Wreathed in dark
    golden hair.   
 The kid squeezed his ass, hoping at least to keep his rear
    covered, but AKA persisted, prevailed. The Calvins slowly slid down the thighs.
    AKA went with them. He drew them down the legs, then free of the feet. Lifting
    them to his face, he inhaled. They were acrid with the smell of recent boypiss.
    The kid had in fact taken a long, forceful leak just before walking over
    to examine his face in the bathroom mirror. AKA inhaled again, then lay the
    jockeys on the floor. Carefully. Close by. Ready to be used, just as he had
    planned, later.   
 But first.   
 The boy was once again staring at the ceiling. He had also
    gone a bit soft. Not much, but enough to suggest that his fear was rising
    up to drive out all other sensation. AKA couldn't let that happen. Not yet
    anyway. It only seemed fair that Swimmer Boy should enjoy one last orgasm.
    There was even something pleasing in the idea that he would be drained dry
    to begin with, then filled up (his tight young butt anyway), and finally
    taken out altogether. And with his own jockeys at that.   
 AKA crawled back onto the bed. This time he didn't straddle
    the boy. Instead, he spread his legs and moved between them, feasting his
    eyes as he did so.   
 "How long did it take you to get like this?" he asked. He
    drew his index finger down the long, lovely trough of flesh running from
    the neck to the navel. "I mean, you've obviously got some good genes to begin
    with, but you've turned yourself into your own fucking masterpiece. But you
    know that, don't you? I saw it in your eyes when you were studying you face
    in the bathroom. 'What a handsome hunk I am.' That's what you were thinking,
    wasn't it?" The boy lifted his head. Just enough to make eye contact. "Yes,

    that's right. That was me in the stall. Watching you. Planning this."   
 AKA's hands returned to the boy's thighs. He raked his crotch.
    He hefted the golden-haired balls.   
 The cock jerked. Stiffened. Regained its former hardness.   
 "I bet you could come all night, couldn't you? What are
    you, 18? That's the peak. You know that, right? 18 is the sexual peak. It's
    all downhill from here. Your body will never again feel, do the kinds of
    things it can feel and do now. Did you know that?"   
 The boy tried to say something, speak.   
 AKA listened, did not understand, attempted to read the
    frightened eyes.   
 The boy struggled to repeat himself. Trying to look, sound
    convincing. But, because of the gag, it was impossible to understand him.   
 AKA was fascinated. He returned his hands to the balls,
    cupped, then lightly squeezed them.   
 The boy went on. More intensely still. Trying to say . .
    . what?   
 Then AKA understood.   
 "You want me to let you loose so we can  both   do
    this? Is that what you're saying?"   
 The boy's head nodded. Desperate. Hoping. Trying his best
    to seem convincing.   
 "Are you gay? Is that what you're trying to tell me?"   
 "Liar," said AKA. "You're a fucking little liar. You're
    as straight as they come. You love cunt. I know you do."   
 The boy shook his head. No.   
 AKA decided to play along. For now.   
 He pretended to look confused, open to the possibility the
    kid was telling the truth.   
 He reached up and took hold of the boy's hefty cock.   
 "Are you? Are you really? You mean you really like this?
    Doing this? With me?"   
 The boy nodded as unconvincingly as before.   
 "If I let you go, you'll do me too? Is that what you're
    saying? You'll suck me off too?"   
 The nod could not disguise the disgust that swept the boy's
    face. AKA took the occasion to free his own cock. It was not as fat as the
    boy's but about the same length. It was nowhere near so pretty as Swimmer
    Boy's either, which was pink and smooth from top to bottom, but it didn't
    need to be pretty to have the kind of fun it was going to have, as AKA well
    knew.   
 "You'll really suck on this if I take the cuffs off? You
    won't yell or shout or anything?"   
 The boy nodded for the third time. He gave it all he was
    worth, AKA allowed the kid that. But he was a lying little son-of-a-bitch
    from start to finish. Nonetheless, AKA had to hand it to him. He was using
    his wits. Hoping against hope that AKA would be stupid enough to believe
    him. Hoping that his own shocking erection would convince AKA that what he
    was struggling to say was true.   
 But there was no question what would happen. Once freed,
    once ungagged, the athletic young freshman would yell and fight for all he
    was worth. Even with his stereo blasting, the kid at the other end of the
    hall might hear and come running. That, or Swimmer Boy would break free and
    escape. It wouldn't be a nice scene, however it went.   
 AKA pretended to waver, to debate the issue. Then he announced
    his decision.   
 "We do it this way first, okay? You really come . . . I
    mean you really give me all you've got . . . then . . . maybe."   
 The boy attempted to hide his frustration, but again his
    eyes gave him away.   
 AKA lifted the cock and lowered his head. He kept his eyes
    on the boy's as he did so. They widened, then closed as the defeated blond
    head dropped back onto the bed.   
 AKA began to suck. Slowly. Carefully. It was, actually,
    not something AKA particularly liked to do. Give head. But the kid had made
    it exciting, different, worth the slight disgust AKA always felt.   
 The cock got fatter. It hardly seemed possible, but it did.
    AKA now had a mouthful and then some.   
 He fingered the balls as his mouth rose and fell further
    along the length of the boy's fat shaft.   
 The kid began to thrust. Not much. He was clearly trying
    not to respond to what was happening to him, but he couldn't help himself.
    AKA slipped his free hand between the taut young buttocks. The boy tensed,
    instantly frightened that AKA was going to do more. Perhaps--God forbid!--violate
    the sacrosanct and surely virginal heterosexual asshole. AKA smiled around
    the cock, withdrew his hand, and began to knead the fiercely flexed asscheeks
    instead. There would be plenty of time to focus on the kid's asshole later.   
 The kid began to thrust again. More violently this time.
    Trying to get it over with? Maybe.   
 AKA brought his lips to the top of the pumping shaft and
    gently bit down. Then it happened. The fiercest thrust. The startling gush.   
 AKA pulled away just in time.   
 When he looked up, he saw that a river of milky, gummy cum
    now ran all the way from Swimmer Boy's unexpectedly large navel up to his
    firm unblemished chin. Somebody who liked to cut, to slice might see the
    line of cum as a nice little pattern to work with, AKA thought to himself.
    He imagined the sharp knife staring at the chin, then coming down the body,
    digging deeper into the skin as it neared the large, inviting navel where
    it might just decide to plunge to the back of that long, flexible spine.
    Fortunately for Swimmer Boy, AKA only wanted to imagine it.   
 The smell that was now in the air was like no other. Nothing
    else smelled like fresh cum. Nothing.   
 AKA leaned down and took a deep breath. He filled his lungs.
    Nice. Oh, so nice.   
 Now it was his turn.   
 He stripped off his underpants and tossed them onto the
    pile of clothes he had already made.   
 Swimmer Boy had his eyes closed. His face was still a bright
    red, but his breathing had calmed somewhat.   
 AKA wasn't sure why, but he decided that he wanted to watch
    the kid's face as he fucked him. He usually fucked them on their stomachs,
    but not this time.   
 Gripping the boy's ankles, he lifted his legs.   
 Just as AKA hoped, the sky-blue eyes opened.   
 AKA moved in, shoving the boy's long, lean legs toward the
    ceiling as he did so.   
 The sky-blue eyes widened.   
 AKA lowered the legs onto his shoulders and then moved in
    closer still.   
 Reaching forward, he wiped his hand across the boy's stomach.
    His palm was instantly covered in sperm. He then took his hand and slowly
    lubricated his cock.   
 The sky-blue eyes watched him do it.   
 Reaching up again, higher onto the boy's chest this time,
    AKA re-wet his hand, making sure to dampen his fingers especially.   
 Ever so softly, ever so gently, he then slipped his hand
    between the boy's up-ended asscheeks and began to massage the new coat of
    sperm around and into the kid's tight, oh-so-tight rosebud of an asshole.
    The kid flexed his swim-toned buttcheeks as tight as he could, but AKA nonetheless
    managed to work his index finger into the hole. The kid arced. He arced again
    as AKA buried the finger up to the second knuckle. AKA then began to rotate
    his finger. Tight though the kid tried to make it, Swimmer Boy's rosy little
    sphincter began to loosen up quite nicely.   
 The sky-blue eyes filled with horror.   
 Withdrawing his finger, AKA shifted forward yet once more,
    braced the boy's legs on either side of his head, and positioned his cock
    for entry.   
 Rising up on his knees, using the kid's own legs as supports,
    he gripped the top of the boy's thighs and proceeded to force his way in.
    Despite the coating of sperm AKA had applied, there was some initial resistance,
    that uniquely rubbery friction that almost always had to be overcome, but
    AKA knew from experience that the ass of a kid who has just shot his wad
    was a lot less resistant to being fucked than it otherwise would be. Why
    that should be the case, AKA didn't know. It just was. Thus, one more push
    and AKA's dick popped the boy's anus and sank to the hilt. It was instantly
    encompassed by an unbelievably warm, virginal, throbbing, velvet, teenage
    asswall.   
 Good God! What a feeling!   
 AKA only had a moment to enjoy the sensation, however, because
    Swimmer Boy's wonderfully long, lean, muscular legs suddenly shot straight
    out, spread apart, and then slammed back into the sides of AKA's skull. AKA
    once had a teacher who had boxed his ears. That's exactly what this felt
    like.   
 "Fuck!" AKA exclaimed.   
 The legs spread for yet another slam. Instinctively, AKA
    ducked his head forward. Big mistake! The boy's thighs instantly locked on
    AKA's neck with a killer tightness. Hardly believing what was happening,
    AKA gasped, jerked, and lost his balance, his cock pulling from the boy's
    asshole as he did so.   
 The kid took immediate advantage of it. Twisting violently
    to the side, his strong young thighs clenched like steel clamps, he banged
    AKA's head against the wall.   
 AKA didn't so much see stars as an awful, hurtful blackness.   
 It hardly seemed possible, but the thighs contracted further
    still.   
 AKA struggled to free himself, but his right hand was trapped.
    Under what? The kid's left hip? AKA's other, free hand pulled at the boy's
    right thigh. At least, AKA thought it was the right thigh.   
 His head was banged against the wall a second time.   
 There was a new wave of painful, awful blackness.   
 Crush the kid's nuts! AKA managed to think. Crush the kid's
    nuts!   
 He tried to reach, find them, his free hand flailing, flapping
    along the boy's slippery bare skin.   
 The hard, unforgiving thigh bones continued to bear down
    on AKA's neck.   
 He's gonna kill me! AKA thought.   
 Despite the pain in his head, despite being unable to breathe,
    and despite the disorienting dizziness that now rose up to mix with everything
    else afflicting his body, AKA's fingers found what seemed to be the boy's
    cock dangling loose, limp, and vulnerable.   
 AKA immediately tore at it, clawed at it, made a fist and
    attempted to pound both it and the nearby balls, which had to be there .
    . . somewhere.   
 As he strained to find them, determined to pulverize them,
    AKA's consciousness began to totter, then slip.   
 Then, as quick as a light going off, it sank like a stone.   
 For a moment AKA was dreaming. There were vague forms, thoughts,
    sensations.   
 Then there was nothing. Nothing at all.   
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   
 Then there was.   
 AKA was suddenly conscious again, gasping for air, and fighting
    the worst dizziness he had ever felt in his life.   
 He struggled to sit up, see, assess the situation.   
 How long had he been out? How long had he been unconscious?   
 Shit!   
 The dorm room door was wide open, gaping like the entrance
    to hell.   
 Marshaling all of his resources, AKA got to his feet, swayed,
    then righted himself.   
 Even as he did so, he heard a sound.   
 Slap. Slap. Slap.   
 He knew at once what it was. It was Swimmer Boy's bare feet.
    He was running down the hall.   
 AKA lurched out the door after him.   
 The kid was already halfway to Wrestler Boy's room.   
 Slap. Boom. Slap. Boom.   
 The beat of Wrestler Boy's music alternated with the slap
    of the bare and running feet.   
 AKA took off. He had to reach the kid before he reached
    the other boy's room!   
 But how could he? The kid was so far ahead!   
 Swimmer Boy then made his first mistake. He looked back.   
 Because he looked back, he lost his balance, spun to the
    side, and slammed into the thick jamb of a nearby doorway. He hit it hard.
    Very hard. He didn't fall down, but the collision clearly knocked some of
    the breath out of him.   
 AKA dashed forward.   
 The kid turned, righted himself, and resumed his race. But
    much more slowly this time. The pain of the collision was also causing him
    to wobble from side to side as he went.   
 They reached the door of the Wrestler Boy's room at exactly
    the same moment.   
 Just in time, AKA grappled the still handcuffed boy from
    behind and wrenched him to the floor in one fell swoop.   
 Success!   
 Yet even as the thought came, one of Swimmer Boy's flailing
    feet struck Wrestler Boy's door.   
 Bam!   
 Before AKA could react, the same foot struck the door a
    second time.   
 Bam!   
 The music inside Wrestler Boy's room didn't go off, but
    the volume was suddenly lowered.   
 "What?" a muffled voice called out.   
 AKA gripped Swimmer Boy under the armpits and began to haul
    him back down the hall.   
 Swimmer Boy now made his second mistake.   
 In an effort to resist, he continued to kick out with his
    legs. Far from hindering, the motion helped propel the two of them further
    along. If the kid had simply gone limp, if he had only made all of his 160
    pounds a deadweight, AKA might not have made it as far as the communal bathroom
    so quickly. But he did.   
 Just as the door to the other boy's room opened and Wrestler
    Boy called out, "Who's there? Jeff?"   
 But by then AKA was on the other side of the swinging bathroom
    door, pulling Swimmer Boy--Jeff, was it?--in after him.   
 So they were back where they began, he had time to think.   
 He pulled the still squirming Swimmer Boy past the sinks
    and toilets, around the corner, and into the large communal shower room.   
 He had no sooner stopped than Swimmer Boy somehow managed
    to get to his feet.   
 He was now attempting to make as much noise as he could.
    Despite the gag, he was yelling for all he was worth. And yelling pretty
    loudly at that.   
 AKA wrestled with the boy's writhing, resisting body.   
 They struggled over to the tiled wall.   
 The boy twisted to face AKA and unsuccessfully tried to
    knee him in the groin.   
 He had now made his third mistake.   
 His back was to the wall.   
 "This is how it felt!" AKA hissed.   
 Then he grabbed the kid's face and banged the back of the
    blond head against the hard amber-colored tiles.   
 He now didn't care if he killed the little son of a bitch
    this way. To hell with the jockeys!   
 He banged the head a second, third, then a fourth time.   
 It was enough.   
 Swimmer Boy ceased to cry out. He ceased to struggle. He
    slid down the wall, all lights out.   
 "Jeff, are you in here? Is this another one of your jokes,
    man? It's Christmas, not Halloween, you know."   
 AKA sank into a crouch.   
 "Jeff?" the voice repeated, closer this time.   
 AKA silently moved to the opposite wall, the one nearest
    to the shower room entrance.   
 Suddenly Swimmer Boy moaned.   
 So the little fuck wasn't dead.   
 "Jeff? Is that you? Are you sick or something?"   
 AKA blindsided Wrestler Boy just as he stepped around the
    corner into the shower room. Using all of the extra height and weight he
    had on the kid--and it was a good deal more than he had in relation to Swimmer
    Boy--AKA clutched and then slammed the far smaller freshman directly into
    the wall, much the same way he had done his friend, only face-on and harder.
    Much harder. The kid's nose crunched. His teeth cracked. Or was it his jaw?
    AKA wasn't sure. The whole situation felt totally unreal, like something
    out of a movie, one AKA had seen but never thought he'd be acting in.   
 Wrestler Boy instantly went as limp as a dishrag, then slid
    down the wall just as Swimmer Boy had. A trail of blood marked the course
    of his decent.   
 AKA stepped back, stunned by the turn of events.   
 He was breathing as hard as if he had just finished running
    a quarter mile.   
 He bent over and thought, Now what?   
 Making a determined effort to clear his mind, as well as
    the churning in his stomach, he glanced up at Wrestler Boy.   
 The kid's neck and head were braced against the wall. The
    rest of him was splayed out on the floor.   
 Taking a deep breath, AKA straightened up, walked over to
    the kid, and pulled the head back. The boy's face was a wreck, especially
    the wide, sexy, cupid's-bow mouth. He wasn't dead, however. He was breathing
    as if he had the world's worst case of asthma. Blood bubbled up around his
    shattered nose and lips.   
 Shit! thought AKA.   
 Dropping the boy's head, he stepped back, gripped the body
    by the ankles, and pulled him away from the wall. The head thunked on the
    tiles.   
 Now what indeed?   
 First thing, AKA decided after a tense pause, was to silence
    Wrestler Boy. The shower room was as far away from things as one could get
    on this floor, but the kid was making too much noise even so. It might be
    the end of exam week, and most freshmen may have left for Christmas vacation,
    but from his earlier surveillance AKA knew there were still a number of boys
    in the building. Late as it was, any one of them might decide to drop in
    on Wrestler Boy. Not finding him in his room, the visitor might decide to
    check out the bathroom. It wasn't likely he'd come all the way back to the
    shower room. Unless he heard this shit, that is. Well, AKA couldn't allow
    that. It was also possible that a security guard might drop by as well, even
    though the odds were against it. How did AKA know? He knew because he knew
    one of the school's five--count 'em, five!--security guards. The guy AKA
    knew--his name was Max--had an apartment in the same complex where AKA lived.
    It was actually while talking to Max Saturday a week ago that AKA decided
    to play the game here. He'd never done a dorm scene before, but Max had said
    the end of the semester was the least busy time when it came to security.
    Fewer students, fewer problems to deal with. It was as simple as that. Which
    meant that the guards--especially the lazy two-man night-shift guys, according
    to Max--tended to sit back, put their feet up, and watch late-night TV. Especially
    on a weeknight. Which this was.   
 AKA crouched and tugged the blue boxers down Wrestler Boy's
    thickly muscled legs.   
 Once they were free, he flapped them in the air to straighten
    them out, then bent forward and pulled them over Wrestler Boy's head. He
    made sure the butt side covered the boy's wheezing, bloody face. Then he
    grasped and twisted the boxers at the back of the boy's head until they were
    tight against the skull.   
 "Nothing personal," AKA murmured.   
 Closing his eyes, he then gripped the boxers, lifted the
    kid's head, and slammed it face-down onto the tiles. Again. And then again.
    And then again.   
He didn't stop until he felt the
    forehead crack. At which point, a massive tremor ran the length of Wrestler
    Boy's body. AKA could feel it. The tremor was immediately followed by a final,
    ghastly, wheezing gurgle. Then silence. Blessed, peaceful silence.   
Except for the sounds coming from
    Swimmer Boy, that is.   
AKA opened his eyes and looked
    over at him.   
The kid had regained consciousness.
    He had even managed to sit up. From that position he had obviously seen what
    AKA had just done. The screams of protest coming from the still gagged mouth
    were the genuine male article. AKA knew because he had heard a fair number
    of guys scream by now.   
"This wouldn't have happened but
    for you," AKA said as he stood up.   
Swimmer Boy shook his head in violent
    negation of the charge.   
"No, it's true. I could have had
    him, but then I saw you. He'd still be alive if you'd just relaxed and cooperated."   
Swimmer Boy dropped his head and
    groaned a final protest.   
"Up."   
AKA went around behind the boy
    and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck.   
The kid reluctantly struggled to
    his feet.   
AKA was pleased to see that there
    was some swelling at the back of the boy's skull. It marred the perfection
    of the head a bit, but AKA didn't care. The kid deserved it. He was just
    lucky it wasn't worse. What happened to Wrestler Boy could have happened
    to him. AKA was also pleased to see a fairly serious-looking series of scratches
    on the boy's cock. So AKA had at least done  some   damage
    during their struggle on the bed. Thankfully, there was no blood to speak
    of. Enough blood already! Especially since AKA saw that a pool of the stuff
    had formed around Wrestler Boy's head and was even now streaming toward one
    of the nearby shower-room drains.   
AKA gripped the back of Swimmer
    Boy's neck with one hand and his upper left arm with the other.   
"You try anything else, you're
    as dead as he is. Understood? Now let's go back to your room."  
PART 3:   Klein
      Kill   
The walk back to room 331 was a
    risk, of course. Despite AKA's warning, and despite his fierce double grip
    on the kid's neck and arm, Swimmer Boy might still try to pull something
    else. It was also possible that that unexpected visitor AKA had worried about
    might step out of the elevator or emerge from the stairwell just as AKA and
    his re-caught boycatch were hoofing their way down the hall. But none of
    that happened. Swimmer Boy moved forward like a lamb to the slaughter, and
    no third party showed up to disturb their progress. Before re-entering 331,
    AKA glanced back to see that the unlucky Wrestler Boy had left the door to
    his own room open. You could still hear the beat of the music, but thanks
    to the lowered volume, it was much fainter now.   
AKA shoved Swimmer Boy into his
    room, then turned and once again closed and locked the door.   
AKA was surprised he didn't feel
    exhausted--if not by all the recent physical exertion, then by the anxiety
    he had felt when it looked like he might lose this particular game--but he
    seemed to have entered some strange mental zone he had never been in before.
    Early in his career as a player of the game, he would have been freaked by
    all the stuff that had just gone down. Freaked enough to abandon the whole
    business probably. But the game had become so familiar a part of his life
    by now that it took more than the recent frenzied turn of events to send
    him running. Even so, AKA was still surprised at how cool, calm, and collected
    he felt once the door to room 331 was safely closed and locked again. The
    worst was over. He knew it. The rest of the game would now go however he
    wanted it to go. He knew that as well.   
He turned and faced Swimmer Boy.   
"Sit on the bed," he ordered.   
The kid immediately obeyed.   
 As soon as his butt met the blue blanket,
    Swimmer Boy's shoulders slumped. His head dropped. But AKA was glad to see
    that he wasn't trying to hide his genitals, at least. Some did in a situation
    like this. But Swimmer Boy's knees were spread in a normal way, revealing
    that impressive hunk of sausage he packed. Even flaccid, as it now was, it
    was an eye-catching tube of manflesh.   
He might be a bit battered, but
    he still ranks up there, AKA decided. Cowboy Donnie had a more perfectly
    proportioned body (even the kid's feet had been beautiful), but Swimmer Boy
    ranked right up there with him. Especially his face. It was  GQ   handsome
    and then some.   
"Where's your wallet?"   
The head lifted. What was in those
    sky-blue eyes now? Misery. Fear. Defeat. All of the above. No surprise there.
    But there was an undoubted flicker of hope-against-hope in the boy's bright
    blue pupils as well. The question about the wallet had reminded the kid that
    AKA had originally claimed he was there because he needed money for dope.
    AKA could see that the hope had been reborn, despite AKA's later denial of
    that claim, that that might somehow really be the case. Yes, it was too bad
    that Wrestler Boy had made the mistake of pursuing them all the way to the
    shower room, but good old Jeff--if Swimmer Boy  was   Jeff--might
    still be allowed to live after all, right?   
Wrong.   
The kid nodded toward his desk.   
AKA walked over.   
He had to shift a few things, given
    how messy the desk was, but the wallet finally came into view.   
He picked it up, then with a quick
    flip, flung it open. The kid's driver's licence stared up at him.   
"Jeffrey Allan Marshall."   
So Jeff  was   Swimmer
    Boy's name.   
AKA examined the birthdate.   
The kid was a Libra. A balanced
    kind of guy, then. Liking peace? Harmony? He was also 18. Well, AKA had thought
    as much.   
And, last but not least, he was
    from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.   
It felt sort of nice, having the
    information.   
AKA walked to the pile of his own
    clothes he had made, squatted and slipped the wallet into an inside coat
    pocket. He'd never much been one for trophies or pictures or things like
    that, but something made him want to have this. It felt a little like he
    was going to steal the kid's soul by taking his wallet. It was a good feeling.   
Swimmer Boy had watched him the
    whole time.   
They now looked at each other,
    the kid seated, AKA standing. It was a long, assessing look on both sides.   
AKA took a deep breath, then went
    and sat down by the kid.   
Their knees met. Interestingly
    enough, Swimmer Boy did nothing to break the contact.   
AKA slipped his hand onto the boy's
    firm thigh. Again Swimmer Boy did nothing to resist the contact.   
The kid could have killed me with
    his thighs, thought AKA. He shouldn't have been so anxious to escape. Otherwise,
    he wouldn't be back in this room now, still handcuffed, still waiting to
    die.   
"I'm sorry about all this," AKA
    said, half meaning it. He rubbed the thigh in a distinctly affectionate manner.
    It was a manly, almost brotherly kind of rubbing, hardly sexual at all. "Were
    you great friends of whatever his name was?"   
The blond head shook. No.   
AKA raised his hand to Swimmer
    Boy's shoulder. He squeezed it, then slipped the hand behind the boy's neck
    and squeezed there.   
The head bent forward.   
AKA moved his hand down the boy's
    back as far as the cuffed wrists. Then up again.   
"Lean back, okay?"   
It sounded as gentle as AKA meant
    it to sound.   
The boy did as he was asked.   
AKA wrapped his fingers around
    the still flaccid cock. There were two rather livid scratches along the top,
    but otherwise no real harm appeared to have been done.   
AKA squeezed, then pumped, but
    softly, tenderly.   
The boy closed his eyes. Tears
    slipped from the corners, then coursed down the handsome temples.   
AKA bent and licked a tear from
    the left eye.   
His hand continued to pump. Softly.
    Tenderly.   
The cock began to rise. The two
    scratches expanded as well, growing even more livid as they did so. But the
    cock filled, expanded, and thickened just as it had before.   
 Ahhh . . .18, AKA thought. What
    an age!   
Once again AKA bent forward and
    went down on it. For perhaps the first time in his life, he felt no disgust
    at all. As if that weren't interesting enough, he was suddenly very good
    at it, much better than he had ever been before. The salty, spermy taste
    of the boy's dick was delicious. Even the considerable size of the kid's
    cock felt right. AKA's mouth was filled to capacity, his throat challenged
    to take it all down, but he did. Easily, happily.   
While he sucked, he cupped the
    kid's balls with his left hand and stroked the boy's chest with his right.   
In less than a minute--it was that
    quick--the kid's butt flexed, his body arced, and he shot his load for the
    second time that night. AKA didn't pull away this time. On the contrary,
    he took it all in and swallowed it all down. It was, of course, not so mighty
    a flood as the earlier cum, but it was nonetheless a satisfyingly rich, fresh-tasting
    mouthful.   
The boy's body shuddered as the
    last heaves of release came and went. Then his butt relaxed, his legs sprawled.   
AKA sat up and wiped at his mouth.   
The kid seemed to have stopped
    crying, although his temples still glistened from the tears he had shed shortly
    before.   
AKA stroked the flat, hard stomach.
    Then he reached up and squeezed the pecs.   
"My turn now," he said.   
The kid began to turn onto his
    side, but AKA stopped him.   
"No. Not on your stomach. On your
    back. The way I was going to do it before."   
AKA moved back and arranged the
    kid's body on the bed.   
"Look at me," he said.   
The kid did. It was as if there
    was an invisible wall in front of his eyes, but he did look.   
"You try anything this time and
    I'll cut your balls off and make you eat them. Understood?"   
The boy didn't nod. He didn't have
    to.   
In no time at all, AKA had the
    kid's legs in the air and his cock at the anus. Perhaps because it had already
    been breached earlier, there was practically no sphincter resistance at all
    this time. AKA immediately sank to the hilt.   
"Look at me," AKA again ordered.   
Once again the kid stared through
    the invisible wall. He barely even blinked as AKA began to pump his gorgeous,
    gripping, cushion-and-steel swimmer's ass.   
AKA's heart began to race, his
    chest to rise and fall, his cock to swell with cum.   
Then . . . .   
AKA's cock exploded!   
AKA abruptly halted, buried to
    the hilt in the still tight but no-longer-virgin ass-walls, as three huge
    convulsive spasms rocked him.   
The legs on his shoulders lay limp,
    unprotesting, as his jism flooded the boy's butt.   
Then . . . .   
It was over.   
AKA slumped back onto his haunches.   
Swimmer Boy's eyes had closed again,
    but it didn't matter. He knew what had happened to him.   
For a long minute AKA sat as he
    was, savoring the release, getting his breath back.   
The boy seemed empty now. Except
    for the slight rise and fall of the swimmer-perfect chest and the visible
    pulsing of the veins in the smooth young column of neck, he might as well
    have been dead.   
Well, why not? The time had come.   
AKA turned about, located the red
    Calvins, and then lowered himself down on top of the drained and unresisting
    body below him. The skin was tacky to the touch as a result of the earlier
    flood of boycum. He wedged the kid's legs between his own, settled his own
    crotch against the kid's crotch, then reached up and pulled one leg of the
    jockeys over the kid's head. It took a bit of doing, but the leg opening
    finally stretched to accommodate the hard blond skull.   
"I'm going to kill you now," AKA
    whispered as he inserted his right hand through the other leg of the jockeys.
    He twisted his hand. Again. Then again. He twisted until the cotton was tight,
    but not too tight on the kid's sweat-soaked throat. "Nothing you have ever
    done is going to be as intense, as powerful as this is going to be. Believe
    me, it's true."   
The boy moaned through the gag.
    Don't. Please don't. AKA could tell that's what it was.   
"Everything in you is soon going
    to shut down, stop, cease, but not before everything in you screams for life,
    for air, for blood."   
AKA once again tightened the underpants.   
The kid's body straightened out
    underneath him.   
"Yeah, feel it. Take it. Accept
    it. Begin to die. Now."   
 AKA placed
    his left hand on the boy's damp forehead and pressed the head back into the   
mattress. He
    tightened the jockeys yet again as he did so.   
 Above the bright red cotton, AKA could see the neck had
    begun to swell, the veins thicken, the flesh redden.   
 He tightened the jockeys once more.   
 The boy began to wheeze, then snort, as he tried to get
    more oxygen in.   
 AKA wanted him to breathe. For now anyway. It was stopping
    the blood flow he was interested in at the moment.   
 He loosened the jockeys slightly.   
 The wheezing continued, but not so dramatically.   
 Just as AKA hoped, however, the neck and face continued
    to redden. The veins began to bulge as well.   
 The boy didn't so much thrash as jerk, chest against chest,
    belly against belly, groin against groin. His body was now fired like a kiln.
    Soon drenched in perspiration, his flawless young skin was hot to the touch,
    his forehead flaming.   
 The boy's legs had started to thrash restlessly between
    AKA's own. AKA used his own legs to force, then press them together.   
 He was hard again and maneuvered his bone against the boy's
    limp cock.   
 Lines had now appeared in the handsome face that weren't
    there before. The trapped blood was webbing the cheeks with a skein of dark
    scarlet.   
 The eyes were half-open, but the whites were no longer so
    perfectly white. A delicate patchwork of veins had begun to appear. The pupils
    appeared stunned, violated. Then, just like that, they filmed over and rolled
    up. Swimmer Boy was no longer conscious.   
 His brain might have switched off, but Swimmer Boy was suddenly
    jerking more violently than he had before. At the height of the most violent
    throe, his bladder released, but perhaps because of the big pee the kid had
    had earlier in the evening, there was relatively little volume. AKA's own
    groin got rather wet, but most of the rest quickly drained away onto the
    bed. The heat of the boy's body made the smell momentarily more intense than
    it otherwise might have been, but AKA didn't mind. Piss wasn't as good a
    smell as cum, but it had its own attractions in a situation like this. He
    just hoped the kid wouldn't shit as well.   
 The wheezing deepened even as the jerking began to subside.
    Swimmer Boy's sinuses--at least, that's what it sounded like--strained and
    rattled as if they were struggling to clear themselves of a deep, slow-moving
    river of snot.   
 A long low moan rose from the depths of the gagged throat.   
 Keeping the pressure on the neck, AKA used his left hand
    to get at the tape. He found the end of it, lifted and pulled. Stands of
    blond hair clung to it. The boy's head slowly rotated as AKA unwound the
    length of tape that encircled it.   
 The lips came into view. They had been perfectly shaped
    and naturally rosy before, but now they were slightly bluish and puckered.
    The underlip especially looked as if it might soon be in danger of splitting.
    AKA fished the sponge out and tossed it onto the floor by the bed. The tongue
    was swollen, just like you'd expect, but AKA was glad to see it wasn't going
    to inflate in a grotesque way. A few did that. It was a phenomenon that always
    turned AKA off.   
 There was no jerking at all now. Everything seemed concentrated
    in the boy's face and upper neck, which were darkening by the second. What
    had been gloriously tan before was now an unearthly dusky bluish scarlet.
    The eye sockets were the darkest area of all.   
 AKA licked the hot, puckered lips. He licked them again.   
 He pressed his own chest into the rigid, hard-cut swimmer's
    chest. The lungs were still working. He could feel them. But they were working
    more slowly now, the rise no longer a real rise, the fall no longer a real
    fall.   
 It appeared there were going to be no convulsions to speak
    of. The jerking hardly counted. That suited AKA just fine. It was hard to
    explain, but he wanted this kid's death to be as peaceful as possible.   
 But they weren't there yet. No, they weren't there yet.   
 The wheezing picked up again.   
 It had begun to be irritating. It was time to stop it.   
 AKA tightened the Calvins as much as he could now. They
    bit hard into his own hand, soon numbing his palm and fingers.   
 In response, the boy's body arced, the sealed-off lungs
    making one last, desperate effort to get air. The rattled snoring sound the
    kid had been making rose in pitch. Then it rose again.   
 Then all sound ceased at once.   
 The body remained flexed beneath AKA's for a very long minute.
    Then it sank quietly back down into the mussed blue blanket.   
 AKA sat up as far as he could in order to examine the dark,
    swollen face. Yet it wasn't too badly swollen. The lower lip had not split.
    The cheeks were only slightly puffy. The eyes were the worst of it. They
    were ringed in dark circles now. It looked as if the kid had a couple of
    black eyes. Not quite that bad, but almost. The pupils had rolled up earlier.
    The whites had now nearly disappeared. A red much brighter than the red of
    the underpants had, for the most part, taken their place.   
 Even so, it wasn't over. The kid was still dying. Slowly,
    but surely. AKA had had enough experience to know. It wasn't like on TV at
    all. AKA was still amazed at how long it could take, especially when a kid
    had a body as fit as this kid's body.   
 Veins still pulsed below the jockeys at the base of Swimmer
    Boy's neck.   
 AKA's mind drifted to other times, other guys, other necks.
    There had been Cowboy Donnie's epic struggle, of course, but for some reason
    AKA's inner vision suddenly fixed on his first kill. Derrick Baxter. Cocky
    little "Bantam Rooster" Derrick. A farmer's boy, short, almost a runt, but
    tough and hard-bodied, even at fourteen. And randy as hell. Derrick had been
    AKA's junior-high-school jerk-off buddy for going on six months. "We ain't
    queers, though," Derrick had insisted every time they "did it."   
 It was Derrick who had actually heard about the reputed
    erotic effects of asphyxia. Derrick was like that, a sponge for anything
    perverse or kinky. But he was usually all talk, not action. Then that fateful
    Saturday afternoon in the Baxter barn loft, Derrick had said he wanted to
    try it. He and AKA could trust each other, he said. "You can kill yourself,
    you know, if you ain't careful," he had warned. "It's good to have a buddy
    watch to make sure you don't." So Derrick had tried it. He used a tube sock,
    one he wore when playing soccer. Then AKA tried it, using the other tube
    sock. They tried it again. Then again. Each time they brought themselves
    nearer and nearer to climax, releasing the sock just before they threatened
    to crest. AKA hardly spoke, he was so stunned by the way he felt. He didn't
    know what he wanted most--to go all the way himself or to watch Derrick go
    all the way. There was no question in his mind what "all the way" meant.
    Then fate decided for him. "Here," Derrick said. "You get behind me and pull.
    I wanna cum at the last, last, last minute. Just make sure to let go if I
    start to faint, okay?"   
 AKA had only been able to nod. He had shuffled around behind
    Derrick and, his cock raging with the hardest hard-on of his young life so
    far, he had gripped the two ends of the long sock. Derrick had reached back,
    tightened the sock snug to his neck himself, then said, "Ready." His hand
    immediately began to pump his dick. AKA pulled on the two ends of the sock.
    For about 30 seconds things went as Derrick had planned. Then the constriction
    of oxygen and bloodflow kicked in. He still hadn't shot his wad, but his
    hands flew up. "Too tight," he wheezed. He pulled at the sock. "Let go," he
    hissed. But AKA didn't. He was transfixed. Derrick began to kick, thrash.
    Strong and wiry as Derrick was, AKA was taller, bigger. He forced Derrick's
    head back onto the bed of straw and then stared down at his friend's upturned,
    panicked, and enflamed face. AKA would never forget the look of disbelieving
    terror in Derrick's eyes as he knotted the sock tight against Derrick's little
    bull neck and stood up. In less than a minute, Derrick was convulsing. Froth
    actually appeared at the corners of the mouth. The tip of the swollen tongue
    poked through the fast thickening, already full lips. Then Derrick went off
    like a fountain, a mix of cum and piss that rose a good three feet into the
    air, drenching his tough little farmer's kid body from his waist to his knees.
    AKA came at the height of the thrashing. He then collapsed to his knees,
    slumped back onto his haunches, and waited for the thrashing to stop. AKA
    still had no idea how long it took because time had stopped as well. He had
    then run home and locked himself in his bedroom. It was three days before
    he was told that Derrick had had "an unfortunate accident" while playing
    in his family's barn and was dead. Nothing else was ever said about Derrick
    in AKA's hearing.   
 AKA now watched and waited, enjoying the final, few, surprisingly
    calm minutes of Swimmer Boy's life.   
 Then, at last, the pulsing at the neck ceased.   
 The kid had had a uniquely strong and healthy and beautiful
    body. It had not wanted to give up easily.   
 But now it had.   
 Only at this point did fatigue sweep over AKA. Not satisfaction
    or triumph. He would feel those in spades later on, but at the moment, there
    was only a quiet but deep fatigue. And a real, if slight regret. The beautiful
    physical machine below him was no longer functioning. It would never again
    stroke across a pool. It would never again arouse lust in man or woman. It
    would never again feel lust itself. It would be mourned, for however long
    or brief a time, and then it would be forgotten. It was sad. But only up
    to a point. It was better to think of all the hateful things beautiful young
    Jeffrey Allan Marshall was better off missing. The bad marriages. (AKA was
    sure there would have been several.) The rotten, spoiled, dysfunctional kids.
    Getting old. Getting seriously ill. Not once, but probably several times.
    Then finally, dying the stupid death of an old and ugly and ruined husk of
    a once handsome human being. To check out at one's physical and sexual peak.
    That was a much better way to go. AKA was convinced of it.   
 AKA freed his hand from the confines of the scarlet Calvins
    and tucked the end he had twisted about the neck back behind the now forever
    still blond head. He, AKA, had once again won the game. He, AKA, had once
    again defeated the more beautiful and therefore more privileged. The victory,
    once again, was his.   
 AKA got up and began to dress. He looked at the slim, still
    body on the bed as he did so. It seemed somehow both smaller and younger
    now, not so much diminished as strangely distanced in time and space. AKA
    supposed it was. He imagined the shock of the person who would find it. The
    nudity would be the first astonishment, of course. Swimmer Boy's fat cock,
    even when limp (as it was now), still had a way of calling attention to itself.
    But then the transformation of the face, the stillness of the chest, would
    cry out for attention. AKA imagined the reaction of the police who would
    eventually descend to deal with it all. He imagined the examination the coroner
    would give it and the efforts the mortician would make to restore the distorted
    face to its former  GQ   glory.
    It shouldn't be that hard, given what they could do these days.   
 Finally dressed, AKA took the key to the handcuffs and walked
    over to the corpse. He sat down on the bed and pushed Swimmer Boy up onto
    his left side in order to undo the cuffs. The movement forced a final spurt
    of piss from Swimmer Boy's cock.   
 The kid's hands had gone puffy and dark from the constriction.
    There was a garish red circle where the hard steel had dug down into the
    wrists. The fingers, which had been long and slim, were now swollen, the
    fingernails no longer a healthy pink, but an unnatural looking blue.   
 AKA braced the torso and undid the cuffs. He then rolled
    Swimmer Boy back onto his back, pulled the darkened hands to the front of
    the body and positioned them on either side of the scratched and flaccid
    genitals.   
 "You were good, guy," he said. He toyed with the head of
    the piss-wet penis for a moment, then flipped the cock a couple of times.
    Flecks of urine spun into the air. "You played the game really well." Dropping
    the cock, he once again drew his hand down the unusual smooth, tanned vale
    of flesh on the chest. The skin was still hot, but cooling, tacky to the
    touch with a potent mix of sweat and sperm. "Thanks for a very interesting
    evening!"   
 Careful to retrieve everything he had brought into the room,
    AKA then got up, took one last look, and left, seen by no one, in no way
    connected to the two dead boys he left behind.   
 The world could sometimes be a pretty perfect place.   
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jason


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





