BDSM Library - Celeste's Great Adventure




Celeste's Great Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: yet another tale in the saga of Ted and Celeste...She teases and torments him...what will Ted do THIS time for his monthly orgasm?Celeste's Great Adventure  
Ted lay on his stomach, his erection pressing the Ikea blanket into the sands
  of Dewey Beach. Although the vacationing C.P.A. would have enjoyed resting
  on his back, this was impossible. First, he burned easily, unlike his sexy
  wife who was beautiful in her near beige tan around the string bikini. Ted
  looked over at Celeste, who had her beautiful little hand with the long red
  nails on that doofus's thigh. Why can't she be a good wife? The third reason
  why Ted couldn't even roll over for a second was the little tent in Ted's Speedo.
  This was the first time Ted had been out of the chastity belt for more than
  the three mionutes allotted for monthly whack-offs&hellip;in quite a while.
  Probably he hadn't been out of the belt since the last trip to Dewey Beach
  the year before. Celeste didn't take her husband to the beach more than once
  a summer, though it was Ted's beach house.  
Ted saw the guy whispering in Celeste's ear, and she giggled. She never laughed
  like that when Ted whispered to her&hellip;what was the guy saying? He really
  should take his hand off Celeste's arm. Usually Celeste took Travis or Jorge
  or just went with a bunch of her cute little girlfriends, and leave Ted with
  an assignment like scraping the wallpaper off the downstairs bathroom, and
  re-grouting the tub. Ted would be busy the entire weekend with these chores,
  and the rest of the time he'd be watching "Cheers" re-runs and trying to pick
  the lock of the chastity belt with a bobby pin. So Ted's unfulfilled erection,
  with the backed up desire of thirty-five sex-free days, was pressing hard into
  the Speedo, and he wouldn't be able to move for fear of getting arrested.  
 Jesus, is that asshole pouring sunblock into her cleavage? My God, the nerve
  of the guy. Celeste had a new friend, obviously&hellip;I can't touch her tits,
  why can he? I'd get up but, this damn bathing suit&hellip;not shorts, panties.
  Ted had begged Celeste to let him wear the beach fashion&mdash;long, baggy
  trunks, like the other guys wore&hellip;but Celeste was adamant. "Teddy" she'd
  said with a long red nail on Ted's lips, "You're not one of the other guys&hellip;your
  Mommy's little prince, and you don't need towear those macho trunks&hellip;right?
  Do what Mommy wants?" As she'd said it, she'd squeezed Ted's cock through the
  Speedos, and he'd said no more. But the Speedos certainly weren't flattering&mdash;Ted
  had spindly arms and legs and slumped shoulders and his skin was dead white
  until the sunburn set in&mdash;Ted looked like he'd fallen out of a meat locker.  
Ted hadn't been allowed to go to the beach much as a child. Mother was worried
  that too much sun was bad for him, and possibly drowning as Ted had never learned
  to swim. And now that he was at the beach, he had to lie on this blanket to
  keep from looking obscene. Ted looked irritatedly over at his wife. Celeste
  was supposed to be on the blanket next to her husband, but she was talking
  to this jar-head military type it seemed, forever. Ted was disgusted. The guy
  reminded him of the drill sergeant who called Ted "Princess" and caused him
  to drop out of R.O.T.C. That guy had been a jerk, and this one was a jerk,
  though Celeste didn't seem to think so. She was laughing at some idiotic thing
  the guy was saying and her 38DD's were shaking in the miniscule black bikini
  top. Every guy on the beach was staring at her boobs.  
Sergeant Rock offered Cel a Marlboro, and she lit up. That wasn't fair! Celeste
  had decided&mdash;her decision the year before that they would quit smoking.
  Celeste had quit almost immediately, it had seemed, but Ted had lots of trouble
  with quitting his two pack a day habit. Celeste had tied Ted down to a bed
  and ran her nails up and down his purple, stiffening cock, squeezing his balls
  just a little, until he agreed to throw out his Lucky Strikes. After Ted and
  Celeste got together, Ted had shown Celeste his chastity belt and told her
  of his fantasies about being dominated&hellip;Cel had not gone for the teasing
  manually part at first, she'd just locked Teddy in the belt and allowed him
  to cum once a month by jerking off into a dish in front of her, and then of
  couse licking it up. But recently Celeste had changed, and was much better
  friends with Ted's poor wee-wee. He'd still never gotten his cock inside Celeste's
  mouth or twat, but Celeste now spent hours sometimes playing with Ted's cock
  as he moved and strained at the ropes.  
Celeste's fingers were incredible &mdash;past girlfriends had given Ted occasional
  teasing handjobs, but their wrists always gave out after a while. Celeste could
  stroke Ted for hours, doing different things. Sometimes she'd just play with
  his balls, running an occasional manicured forefinger up and down the vein
  under his shaft. Other times Celeste would twiddle the glans between two long
  nails, making Ted very excited, but terrified that she might miss and poke
  his sensitive cock head in error.  
Celeste was always dressed during these occasions&mdash;Ted had never seen
  her completely naked. But in her ultra tight shorts and miniscule T-shirts,
  skin tight sweaters or high heels, Celeste looked better clothed than many
  girls did naked. Now and Celeste would bend over to give Ted a flash of her
  cleavage, or gradually strip down to bra and panties, or even a demi-bra, but
  no more&hellip; Ted of course was nearly always naked these days, not just
  during teasing and masturbation sessions anymore&hellip;it was his "look" in
  the house. At one point Ted had complained, as he felt embarrassed and Celeste
  had made him wear a Little Bo Peep outfit for a month, and serve her girlfriends
  lemonade during a Tupperware party.  
Celeste had also found the long thick dildo that Ted had kept hidden for
  so long, and she'd made Ted suck the dildo, attached to Cel's waist, in front
  of the ladies&hellip;and then she began practicing with him and the dildo every
  now and then&hellip;first making him suck it, and then getting him, from behind,
  Ted really had fantasized about sodomy a lot, but never dreamed of what a ripping
  feeling it was having that big rubber thing going through his ass over and
  over again&hellip;Celeste would ream Ted for twenty minutes every night, jerking
  his dick while she did it, and then pulling the dildo out and turning him over
  to tie him down for the normal teasing&hellip; "Don't complain, sugar, or I'll
  make you lick the shit off the dildo after I take it out." But once Celeste
  began the regular tease, Ted would forget the dildo&hellip;  
Because the stroking was great&mdash;and Ted had always had this as a fantasy,
  being stroked to the point of orgasm while tied down, and being teased until
  you have blue balls. But the problem with fantasies, as Ted had learned when
  he actually experienced wearing a chastity belt was, reality was tougher than
  fiction. Jerking off and fantasizing about teasing and chastity was very different
  from months without an orgasm, and having a beautiful woman like his wife stroke
  and stroke until he was desperate to squirt, and then patting his cock and
  walking away&hellip;it often reduced poor Ted to tears.  
 Ted had fantasized about being whipped with belts and hairbrushes, but this
  was also much more painful, he'd learned in reality&hellip;but Celeste got
  him to help out more around the house!  
Once or twice a week though, Ted would be secured to a bed, or the rec room
  Ping-Pong table, or a hassock, where his poor head would hang down if he didn't
  have good neck muscles. Celeste was ingenious at thinking of places to secure
  Ted. One of her favorite places was the eyehook on the ceiling on the back
  porch. Ted had wondered when she asked him to put the eyehook there, but now
  he wished he'd distracted her, really.  
Being cuffed naked to the eyehook was a miserable experience, as Ted's back
  porch was not a screened one&hellip;it was fenced, but a picket fence. Celeste
  enjoyed cuffing Teddy's hands to the ceiling of the back porch with a combination
  lock, and then leaving him there for half an hour as he desperately twiddled
  the dial. If he got loose before she came out there, he could have his teasing
  inside on the bed, but usually he couldn't unlock it, so after half an hour
  of "Days of Our Lives" Cel would come out, unlock Ted's chastity belt, and
  sit, squeezing pulling and prodding Ted's erection to his extreme arousal and
  embarrassment for a good three hours. Celeste of course would be dressed, and
  not in especially revealing clothes in the outside sessions, because after
  all, often it was winter, and also, she didn't want someone to see her out
  there with it all hanging out.  
But the quitting cigarettes thing had been tough for Ted. Celeste realized
  Ted needed intense incentive, so she began masturbating him for hours nightly
  with her long nails. Ted would be moaning and squirming, as Celeste spread
  Astroglide all over his cock and balls, twiddling the veins under his shaft,
  telling Ted how much sexier he was now that he didn't smoke anymore. Sometimes
  they'd watch TV together, from seven to eleven-thirty, and she'd jerk him to
  the point of cumming during commercials, whispering "Isn't it great you're
  not blowing smoke in my face while we watch TV, you sexy thing?"  
This would be impossible for Ted, who could not focus on "Law and Order" as
  he was waiting for the next Chevy ad, certainly differently from most viewers,
  who couldn't stand the ads. Then often Celeste would tie Ted to her canopy
  bed, and put on soft music, and a frilly bra and panty set, and jerk him with
  alternating fast and slow strokes while she told him how great it was that
  she didn't hear Ted coughing in the morning any more. Since moving in, five
  years before, Celeste had taken the master bedroom, and Ted slept in what had
  been his store-room, but she could hear the coughing anyway. All the stimulation
  made Ted hornier than ever for his monthly release; but every time Cel caught
  him with a butt she added another week to his release date. By the time Ted
  stopped smoking for good, he'd been without an orgasm for five months.  
And Celeste had quit too, but now and then she smoked socially, with the
  guys she went out with. Ted of course, couldn't do this. First, Celeste wouldn't
  let him, and secondly, Ted was such an insecure, miserable little geek, especially
  with his lovely wife cuckolding him with every bike courier that came along,
  that of course he would've returned to chain smoking immediately.  
Still, it annoyed Ted to see Celeste flirting with that illiterate military
  type. He reminded Ted of the creeps she flirted with in high school. Ted was
  only good then for loans and algebra tutoring. What could she see in this geek?
  I mean really, Ted thought. Couldn't she once just come to the beach and pay
  attention to me? His erection swelled, and Ted wondered if he could possibly
  sneak off and jerk off in the bathroom&hellip;there was a public beach bathroom
  not ten feet away. But as attentive as Celeste was to the crewcut idiot, she
  occasionally took a sweeping glance about, to make sure Ted was where she left
  him. Ted couldn't swim, and so he only went in the water with Celeste, who
  swam like a mermaid. And he couldn't go to the rest room without asking Celeste,
  who would then time him. A forty-two year old man can't go to the bathroom
  by himself! I mean, really.  
Ted looked away from Celeste and Beetle Bailey and tried not to think about
  how hot she was, how much Ted needed to cum&hellip;he tried not to think about
  last night, when Celeste had been wearing her body stocking and squeezing a
  Vaseline filled condom up and down his shaft for nearly three hours. Ted thought
  hard for about ten minutes about waterfalls&hellip;then ice&hellip;then the
  latest tax shelter he was working on. Finally Ted's erection subsided. Ted
  stood up, and took a deep breath. He was going to confront Celeste right now.
  Ted walked over to Celeste and the military guy, but before he could open his
  mouth, Celeste smiled and jumped up, hugging Ted deeply. Immediately, of course
  Ted's hard on began rising, but he tried to stay firm. "Celeste, why are you
  talking with this guy on my weekend&hellip;I know you date other guys at the
  beach every weekend while I'm home but this is MY weekend." Oh Jesus, Ted felt
  tears smarting in his eyes. That wasn't too macho, was it? "Do you have to
  talk to every single guy who takes an interest in you, Celeste?" Ted looked
  into Celeste's dancing eyes.  
"No, Ted, you've got it wrong." Celeste smiled. "Kevin doesn't really have
  an interest in me, though you're close." Celeste motioned Kevin to stand up,
  and he and Ted shook hands. "You guys want to come back to my hotel room?" Kevin
  asked, with a big grin. Before Ted could open his mouth it seemed, they were
  walking in the door of Kevin's beachfront hotel. Celeste stopped just inside
  the door. "Teddy, drop your Speedo, honey." "What?" Ted asked, astonished.
  Before Ted could say anything else, Celeste pulled Ted's swimsuit down.  
As Ted looked up, he saw another guy coming out of the bathroom of Kevin's
  motel room. "This is Josiah, Ted" Kevin said. Ted nodded " Hey, Josiah&hellip;good
  to see you again." Cel laughed " Kevin doesn't like me, Teddy." Celeste said,
  laughing. "He likes you. I told him that you would give him a blowjob&hellip;you've
  trained for it with the dildo, babe." Ted felt Kevin take him by the shoulders,
  forcing him to the floor. "But Celeste, this is&hellip;" Celeste smiled "Teddy,
  you've not squirted in six weeks now&hellip;because I added another month for
  finding a pack of Luckies in your jacket, remember? So your due date isn't
  til the middle of next month&hellip;but you can whack yourself off while you
  suck Kevin's dick, think of all the practice you've had with the dildo&hellip;I've
  been preparing you for this, baby&hellip;you jerk off while you suck Kevin&hellip; and
  then you can cum again next month, honey!" Ted began to cry, but it was too
  tempting. "C'mon baby&hellip;I'll even give you a show!" Celeste undid her
  bikini top and began jiggling her boobs in front of Ted, moving closer to Kevin
  so Ted could watch as he sucked. This was great&hellip;Celeste only flashed
  Ted on his birthday and&hellip;once he was allowed to see her tits in return
  for signing over the house&hellip;he kissed a nipple then, right? Ted opened
  his mouth, and Kevin's penis went in. It felt like normal skin, and not too
  different from the dildo, but Ted felt like a nasty little fag, like the jocks
  called him when they snapped him with their towels in high school. He was just
  a cocksucking fag. As Kevin pushed his cock deeper into Ted's mouth, Ted watched
  Celeste manipulating her breasts. Then she said "You go ahead, Josie" Suddenly
  Ted felt Josiah's dick pushing itself in his rectum as he sucked Kevin. Ted
  tried to pull back, but Kevin's hand was clutching Ted's hair, and he was pushing
  the dick down Ted's throat.  
"What's wrong, Teddy?" Celeste said, laughing. "Josiah wasn't in the bargain?
  Don't worry, baby&hellip;just jerk yourself off&hellip;I've made your little
  hole back there big enough for the Washington Monument, you don't mind, do
  you?" As Josiah pumped from one end of Ted, Kevin began slamming his dick in
  and out of Ted's mouth&hellip;Celeste pulled up one of her huge tits and began
  sucking the nipple&hellip;Ted manipulated his cock as he knelt there sucking,
  and truly, his penis had never been harder&hellip;  
THE END  
Want more? Justincbenedict@yahoo.com  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





