BDSM Library - Rosered




Rosered
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave wins a red bottom contest at a local pub. True story. Rosered
The bar was small, and very crowded. The modified
    dance floor was blonde wood, nicely polished. Quaint was the word. The place
    was the perfect neighborhood bar- well the perfect neighborhood leather bar.
    You see arranged artfully around the dance area, with its floor length mirrors,
    was an array of bondage equipment. A horse, suspension chains and a large
  black punishment cross. 
 I had never been on a punishment cross personally,
  and I felt my palms get damp as I followed the Master and Mistress over to
  it on the dance area. I carried paddles, floggers, slappers and canes in my
  arms from the equipment case. The instruments of my torment.  
 I kept my eyes down. My heart starting to pound
  and my breath getting short as we got nearer to its darkness. Not with fear
  as much as heat.  
 They had set it deeply into a corner, and put
  a cover over a pool table next to it, a red leather pad. The Mistress motioned
  for me to lay out the equipment, and I did so neatly. My fingers shaking. They
  ordered me to get the quick secures from the equipment case, so I could be
  fastened to the cross by the collar and cuffs I was wearing. The restraint
  things I had been wearing all night since the Bloody Valentine show. The show
  where She had carved Her initials into my breasts with a razor blade I had
  cleaned off myself.  
 It was after that supremely erotic spectacle that
  they had asked me to be The Master's entry into the Rose Red Contest- The Master/slave
  combo with the reddest backside wins a gift certificate for Wicked. The local
  Leather store. I immediately agreed to it. Pleasing them both.  
 I waited patiently before the black cross, when
  I had finished laying the things out, waiting for instruction. Waiting for
  the punishment to begin.  
 Now when I say punishment, one must understand
  that it was for no other reason than this contest and my wish to show my willingness
  to submit to them. Whatever they desired. This was for no infraction of any
  rules, nor their pleasure, or my education. It just was. That part of me needs
  it, loves it, craves it, is merely part of the head game we Sado/masochists
  play with each other. I surrender control willingly. The Master and Mistress
  offer to take it from me- as my gift to them.  
 The Master pushed me gently closer to the glossy
  darkness of the cross, and told me to raise my arms. Using the quick secures
  to bind my arms high and closely to the cool surface. His fingers softer than
  the Mistress', always softer. I spread my legs so my feet could be bound the
  same way. He moved my skirt out of the way of his flogger and left my buttocks
  clear to view. I was captured and at the mercy of the Master and Mistress.
  A position of total trust that I had happily assumed.  
 That I was submitting myself before a roomful
  of complete and total strangers, strangers that proper slave etiquette meant
  I was forbidden to look at, merely added to the spice. Fired my imagination
  and raised my pulse deliciously.  
 I felt hands on me. His hands, the Master's. His
  voice caressing my ears with sound so low only I could hear it. A brush of
  air against my nape, his breath sweet. His body close enough to mine to just
  be a line of heat against my bare side. Finger's firm as he wrapped the tails
  of his flogger around my throat pulling my head back so my shoulder rested
  against his chest. I shivered and closed my eyes. Feeling the first warm flush
  of endorphins flooding my system as fear rolled my mind. Ignore the crowd and
  focus on Him. The Master's voice is all that's important. His wishes and instructions.
  He spoke.  
 "Are you ready?" I nodded trying to force sound
  past the lump in my throat. The fire burning in my throbbing blood.  
 "Yes..." Too soft. "Yes, Master." I managed after
  clearing my throat. He backed away, and the first blow fell, forcing the air
  from my throat with a soft sound.  
 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
 The move into subspace or slave space is a form
  of self hypnosis. That I can surrender enough of myself to get off on pain
  is a clinical process. A process that every person, trained as a pleasure slave
  like I was, knows how to do. We can sublimate ourselves and go beyond. This
  is a game we sexual masochists play not only with the Top/Dominant but with
  our own bodies and our own minds.  
 We have to be able to lose ourselves and still
  pay attention to the wishes, instructions and needs of our tops. Their desires
  are foremost to the true sub in a service scenario. A place I was trying to
  get too. Half in, Half out. Still every scene is different, and I with my years
  of experience was a novice in many ways to the arena I was playing in. I knew
  that I would have to take more, be more graceful, and more willing, to survive
  here, and I have never wanted anything more in my life. Had I my wish I would
  never leave this world I was visiting.  
 Pain is relative and every good submissive knows
  this. It still hurts, and the pain was there for me. I tried to count blows
  like a good little subbie but they soon fell so fast and furious I had no chance
  too. I tried to count again when they switched to the paddle, the strap and
  the slapper. Going completely still when they touched the skin of my buttocks
  to check for damage. Too check for progress.  
 It was then that she hit me, The Mistress. I don't
  know what she had in her hand, but the heat was instantaneous. It took my breath
  away and ignited the fire burning in my blood in a single stroke. I pulled
  my body as tightly into the cross as I could get, and it wasn't near close
  enough. Yet it wasn't a single stroke that she laid upon my flesh. It was like
  a metronome. Same place, same depth, same weight to her hand, as well-practiced
  as it is. My mind went into hyper drive as I struggled not to move, and not
  to fight, even though I knew it was useless. I felt my hands clench and unclench
  desperately. I suddenly knew that I couldn't take one more, but... If I quit...  
 Panic.. I bit my tongue and struggled on the cross
  in earnest to escape. I lost all self control. I felt it building in me and
  didn't know which I fought more the urge to use my safe word, and stop my torment
  or the urge to not orgasm on that cross, in front of all those strangers without
  permission. Permission I would never have the guts to ask for. The secret I
  never even tell myself. I was about to open my mouth when she just stopped
  working me.  
 The surcease from pain was so sudden that I sagged
  into the cross limp, head hanging. Sweat rolling down face. My hair damp.  
 "Are you alright?" They asked me, and I pulled
  my self back from subspace. My chest heaving so I felt like I had just run
  a marathon.  
 "Yes, Mistress." So beautiful, My Mistress, anything
  for you. She ran a black metal striker against my lips, and I kissed it dreamily,
  running my tongue along its surface in gratitude, wishing I could lay my head
  against her feet in a show of respect. Hearing her speaking to the Master about
  the state of my posterior, that I bruised easily but the continual blows were
  diffusing the color nicely as they kept working me into a pretty shade of red.  
 Then they started again, and I swore. My body
  jerking as raw flesh was struck.  
 "Jesus Christ!" and getting a stern "shhhh." from
  someone behind me. I pulled my lower lip between my teeth, wishing I had been
  gagged. It made things so much easier sometimes. They paused and I felt a hand
  between my open legs. Feeling the dampness of my arousal. No way to hide how
  wet I was, and I did try to pull my bound legs closed, uselessly. Why even
  try?  
 "None of that...Don't you like this?"  
 "I love it, Mistress." I gasped out, staying still
  as someone explored my body with soft fingers. I knew it wouldn't last though.
  They would start flogging me again.  
 They did too, and it wasn't the random sensuous
  flogging of the Master, but the hard metronome of the Mistress. Even tempo
  and pressure.  
 It was like they had never stopped. I went back
  to a heated delicious agony in a matter of seconds. Fighting my body and my
  own need. Knowing that I wasn't going to make it this time. I was going to
  orgasm. I cried out to stop it. Hearing unshed tears under my voice.  
 "Mistress, Please...Don't..." I clamped it down.
  Bit down on my tongue hard enough to draw blood and refused to beg for mercy.
  Hands clenching and unclenching into fists helplessly until gentle hands touched
  me.  
 "Don't what, slave?" She asked, and I felt something
  break inside of me until it came out in my voice. A ghost of unshed tears.  
 "Please, please don't make me say my safe-word,
  Mistress, please..." I begged and hung my head in shame. Pulling lungfuls of
  air into my chest in gulps trying to regain control.  
 They pulled back from me and why not? What a disappointment
  I must be with my delicate skin and lack of control. My lack of grace in extremis.
  I felt like a wretched failure. I could almost hear them talking over my hoarse
  breathing and pounding pulse but not quite. It was the last comment that I
  heard her make as she discussed my skin.  
 "We need to take a break for a few moments anyways.
  See..." Hands and nails brushing my raw buttocks so I hissed with pain. It
  stopped and he was next to me again. The Master. The Lady was gone.  
 I freely admit to bisexuality. but thanks to an
  abysmal track record with men for the last few years. I have been dating women
  only. I even came out as a lesbian to my family. Now, I have a ton of male
  friends, and one male top that I service occasionally, but that is Service.
  He's a switch, like me. Service is a task. A generally pleasant and rewarding
  task, but still... sometimes it is also taking the torment the top wishes to
  inflict upon you just because he/she wishes to torture you intimately. It somehow
  makes it easier to think of it as just service. An expert service that I had
  been trained to provide on command, oh so long ago. Not my job to question
  it, just my job to accept it as a slave.  
 I had been dreading first service to the Master,
  even though I knew in my rational mind that he was a decent person with his
  hard, yet gentle hands, and wounded eyes. Still men were dangerous in my mind.
  He scared me, a lot. Not as a top, but as a male human animal. Dangerous.  
 Not tonight, however, his voice was gentle in
  my ear.  
 "Would you like something to drink?" Heaven. I
  thought when he asked me that. I was so dry.  
 "Water would be lovely Master, please." He left
  me alone, and try as I might to not look around I did glance at the people
  around me. I stopped myself quickly. I had seen more than I wished to of the
  crowd watching me. A big crowd.  
 I let myself even out. Pulse slowing, breath returning
  to normal. After glow settling in when the Master rolled the cold water bottle
  over my neck and down my back. I moaned in relief. I felt like I was on fire.
  Wonderful pleasure. The coolness welcome against my skin. He came around to
  the front of me. Opening the bottle and holding it to my lips so I could drink
  deeply.  
 "Are you okay?" He was talking to me as though
  I wasn't quite the miserable failure that I thought I was. He didn't act like
  he was disappointed in me. I was being petted and cared for as though I were
  a good slave. I cleared my throat and told him my thumbs were tingling- probably
  pressure on my radial nerves. He quick released me and let me dangle my arms
  down at my sides for a few delicious moments. Shaking feeling back into them. "The
  contest is in a half hour, we'll start again in a few minutes."  
 "Is it red, Master?" I asked him, hoping he would
  answer me.  
 "Oh, yeah.." His hands on my skin again. In my
  hair, on my neck. Petting me. It was at that moment that I suddenly had no
  more fear of him. I almost didn't care that he was male. I loved him completely,
  and wanted to serve him in any capacity that he wished of me. He had just clicked
  into place in my head as Master. I felt like his. I felt like theirs. All of
  theirs.  
 Now, it wasn't the love of love songs, and their
  happily ever after horseshit. It was his beauty, his cruelty and his kindness,
  in that order, that I loved at that moment. The kind hands in my hair, and
  on my throat. His asking me if I loved him as he had whipped me the first time.
  The melting tenderness that all subs crave and we never ask for. We simply
  bask in it when we earn it by submission and willingness to serve. Anything
  for you.   
 It was more than that though . I had
      seen him take as much as a good sub could take, and not balk.  He
      stayed calm and collected. I admired his grit. He set a good example.  
 &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
 Time moved on quickly and I was given more water.
  He allowed me to catch my breath. Set my defenses back up. My body buzzing
  with desire. I could scent it in the air, my heated flesh. I know my eyes blazed
  with it. I really had to force myself to not look around, but keep my eyes
  down, demurely and my full attention on the Master.  
 When he re-secured my arms to the cross he set
  them lower this time, so I wouldn't damage the radial nerve that was still
  buzzing. Thoughtful, Master, thank you.  
 The Mistress wandered back over, and she said
  that it was five minutes until the contest. I could do that. I could do anything
  for five minutes.  
 They started out hard this time, well it felt
  that way to me, but I was so raw the lightest touch was agony. Not that it
  mattered as I slipped into subspace for five minutes... I can do five minutes.
  I can do five minutes... then I was gone. Head back, pain moving through me
  deliciously to settle at the apex of my thighs. I was drenching with it, and
  I knew it. Telling myself to accept. To become patience. then...  
 A voice... The Mistress.....  
 "You will be rewarded later, for being so good." Ummm...
  that made it so much more bearable. Something to look forward too.  
 Five minutes ended too soon. He quick released
  me, and I followed him to the center of the dance floor with the other two
  contestants. Only two, a man and a woman.  
 The Master pulled a bondage horse into good light,
  and had me bend over it. He rearranged my garter's so the rosy color of my
  flesh was easily seen, and we waited for Mystress D to judge the contest. She
  did so with paint chips. I was very surprised when Master L announced that
  we had won the competition. I did feel a small twinge of pride in our victory.  
 The Master said that it was no contest really,
  after we had won. My buttocks were by far the more worked and reddened.  
 They ended up drawing for second place as well.
  All in all it was a good night. I served my Master and Mistress to the best
  I was able too with as much willing acceptance as I could give to them.  
 Yes, a very good night. I learned something about
  myself, and about the Master and Mistress. I could take more than I thought
  I could, and they respected my limitations without judging me as a failure
  for them. Limits can be stretched. Respect cannot.  
 I came to the complete realization that I was
  probably the luckiest submissive in the bar that night. A beautiful Master
  and Mistress to torture me, train me and work me? Maybe the luckiest submissive
  in the state.  
 The End.  
 Rene  
 2/4/03  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rene


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





