BDSM Library - Phone Sex




Phone Sex
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl finds out she is a slut and has her first experience with phone sex.PHONE SEX  
By niyah2  
All rights reserved  
Anastasia was a person with a self-secluded personality. She did not let
  many get too close. Those that did get close, she gave her all. The rest got
  her fa&ccedil;ade of a personality, at least up until she met Weston.  
She did not know this, but He had the most piercing eyes of grayish blue.
  When He gazed upon someone it was like He looked right through to their very
  soul. She also did not know He had an amazing ability to poke and prod His
  way through a person's shell and find the heat of the inner core.  
Meeting Weston was quite by accident. Anastasia bought her first computer
  and ended up in a chat arena. It was quite crazy actually, fifty people in
  a room, all yammering away. Her thoughts were that it was a game. Not real.
  Just words on a screen. She began to meet people and would consider them "friends," but
  in a fantasy world how much was just that: fantasy.  
Anastasia met a man in the room that she began to chat with privately. They
  would talk a lot and one day He kissed her. Now how in the world can one kiss
  online you might ask? Anastasia could answer you now, whereas a few weeks before
  she would have said bullshit. The guy named Jack kissed her and then some,
  and Anastasia found herself playing with her pussy while typing back and forth
  with this Jack.  
She had an amazing orgasm that changed her entire perspective on what was
  fantasy and what was reality when it came to online. Anyone could ask her and
  she would say it was real. Why? She got off didn't she?  
Jack, of course, was like men you meet face to face. He got the goods and
  He disappeared, sending Anastasia into self-protect mode once more. She was
  determined not to get close to anyone else.  
Weston was a cruiser on the web. He just poked in every now and then, looking
  around and seeing what He could get into. One day He ran into Anastasia. He
  immediately felt a vibe from this woman. He didn't know her story but He was
  going to know it before all was said and done. His eyes took on a glint of
  determination.  
Anastasia felt a warmth when Weston said "hello." He immediately took over
  the conversation, steering it into the direction He seemed to desire. Anastasia
  felt overwhelmed by this man. Why was that? She was so unsure, but there was
  just something about Weston that overpowered her senses and broke down any
  fa&ccedil;ade she could put up in a heartbeat.  
Anastasia and Weston began meeting up in the chat room fairly regularly.
  He began asking her things about how she felt about certain topics -- her sexual
  experiences. She would evade the sexual topics, but He didn't allow it for
  long. He would type in, "I'm waiting." She would sit there looking at it and
  then for some reason would answer His question.  
Why? At that time she could not tell. Her sexual experiences were slim to
  none. She had had basic sex -- nothing earth shattering. She didn't even get
  off most times. Weston took all of this in and then some.  
Time began to pass. Weston and Anastasia grew closer and closer. The relationship
  was growing deeper by the day. Weston confided in Anastasia that He was a Dominant
  and asked her if she knew anything about Dominance and submission. Anastasia
  responded in repulsion, thinking He meant sadomasochism and other decadent
  things. Weston explained to her there were all kinds of facets of the lifestyle
  and He gave her an assignment, the first He had ever given her. He did it in
  such a way that Anastasia had no clue she was being controlled.  
Weston told her to look up dominance and submission and to read everything
  she could over the next week. He then instructed that she write how it made
  her feel, what it made her think, how her body reacted, what she thought affected
  her the most, and what she found she desired out of the reading. Anastasia
  went about the task with vigor, as she craved knowledge of new ideas. She was
  surprised by the information she found.  
She looked through many web sites, and began to read about submission mostly,
  finding herself opening up to this idea more and more as she related to the
  words stated. Anastasia realized she was submissive. She loved to please others.
  Even though she hid behind walls, she loved to make people happy. She read
  about girls that had Masters, girls that would do anything to hear the words "good
  girl."  
Anastasia began feeling something deep in her heart and soul, a kindred spirit
  of some type with the girls in the words she read. Then she read about Domination,
  that it wasn't about being told what to do but more along the lines of living
  to please One that could Master her, to live by His rules but not forcefully,
  more like willingly.  
The articles gave Anastasia a lot to think about. She had a lot of questions
  and began asking Weston about some of the things she had read. He would explain
  the best He could and point her in another direction to research her answers.
  This way it wasn't just Him saying it was so. She would read other perspectives
  on the matter.  
Her report was due in two days, and she had not yet begun to write it. Anastasia
  thought, "Well, it will get done, but I guess it will be a little late." Anastasia
  began to write about herself first, how even as a little girl she had strived
  to please everyone in her life, that she craved praise and it would make her
  heart soar when she knew she had done well.  
The day of the report came and Anastasia was not finished yet. It was almost
  done -- just a little longer. She was unaware that she should have just begged
  for more time, but after today she would know for sure not to be late again,
  at least not with Weston. Weston popped up on the messenger program they both
  had installed. Only the two of them were on each other's list, so they could
  have a lot of private time.  
Weston said "hello," and asked how she was doing. Anastasia said she was
  great and had been working on her paper, it was almost done.  
Weston sat there a minute -- long enough for her to say, "Are you still here?"  
Weston typed in nods. He then asked her if she understood that the paper
  had a time limit and was due on a certain day and time. Anastasia said yes
  she did and she apologized profusely for the lateness. She was just trying
  to make it perfect.  
Weston's next words made Anastasia's world sink. "Anastasia, I am very disappointed
  in your failure to complete the simple task I gave to you," He said.  
Anastasia blinked back the tears that threatened to consume her and said
  once more, "I am so very sorry Weston. Please let me finish it and send it
  tonight. It will be done, I promise you."  
"Okay, I will give you until 9pm tonight. If it is not done, Anastasia, trust
  me. You will not like the consequences," He stated.  
Anastasia went back and immediately began work on the article, pulling all
  the pieces together, reading it and editing it over and over again, making
  sure it was presentable, that it was pleasing to the eyes, and most of all,
  making sure it wasn't just words and that it showed her heart and soul.  
At 8:55pm, true to His word, Weston logged back on. "Are you finished, Anastasia?" he
  asked.  
"Yes, I am finished, and I am emailing You the article now," she replied
  breathlessly.  
She sent the document and waited. It seemed like an eternity that she waited.
  Her stomach had butterflies swimming. Amazingly, for some reason, even her
  shaved pussy was reacting to the wait. She felt the wetness as it slid between
  the petals, blushing profusely, so glad He was not there to see this. Finally,
  after what seemed like forever, Weston private messaged her.  
"Very well written, Ana. I am well pleased with your honestly. I feel your
  passion. I can see the excitement in your writing. I am still displeased at
  the assignment being late though. What do you think should be done about it?" He
  said.  
Anastasia was stammering in real life trying to think of the appropriate
  response. It hit her then that she had already begun the journey of subbing
  to Weston. Her next words hit her in the gut as she was shocked that it came
  out as it did.  
"I was late, Weston, and I apologize. I know an apology is not good enough.
  From what I have read and written, my answer is that You should punish the
  infraction. In that I will learn not to be late with You or anyone else again," She
  typed out.  
Weston stared at her words on the screen, and His smile would have melted
  her to the very core if she had been able to see it up close. "Yes, you are
  right Ana. You should be punished and you shall be. The how of it is the tricky
  part. You are very new to this and I realize you have no experience, so this
  is what I propose."  
"Your punishment is to keep a journal every day for the next month, faithfully,
  writing to me about feelings, wants, needs, and desires. Nothing is to be hidden
  from me. If you fail to write each day, the punishment will be worse.  
Does this sound fair?" He said.  
"Yes, it seems very fair to me. Where should this journal be kept?" she asked.  
The details were worked out, and Ana began writing her journal to Weston.
  One day He replied to her journal and said, "I know there is more, Ana. Tell
  me." He also said for her to address Him as Sir from now on, so Ana adjusted
  to His request quite easily.  
The journal began to show her things about herself that she never thought
  possible. One day she knew this journal would be looked back on and she would
  wonder how this all started.  
The next month went by quickly. Smoothly, Weston continued guiding Ana through
  different things and explained parts of the lifestyle that she had questions
  about. Ana found herself becoming more and more sexually attracted to this
  man. She would cream her panties just typing away with Him. The sexual urges
  were growing in intensity. She so wished He would touch her and finally she
  placed these thoughts and feelings in her journal.  
That afternoon, He did touch her, the slightest of kisses, barely His lips
  touched hers, his hands roamed lightly over her arms, describing it in detail
  as her body flooded with heat and desire. She was falling for this man. They
  both knew she was, and so Weston felt it was time to try something else.  
"Ana, how would you feel about talking to me on the telephone?" He asked.  
Ana sat trembling at the keyboard. To hear His voice, something she had dreamed
  of in her sleep, she wanted that so badly, but to actually allow it to happen...
  What if He was a psycho killer and all the other evil things she had heard
  about the Internet?  
"I would love to talk to You, Sir. I am a little frightened though," She
  replied.  
Weston gave her His phone number, allowing her to call Him first, so that
  she would realize that He was safe. Ana called Him. His voice was smooth, sexy
  almost sultry. It felt like warm butter over pancakes. Ana melted. Weston explained
  to Ana that He wanted her to gather a few things for their next call.  
He asked her if she owned a vibrator. She was horrified. "No!" she said.  
Weston laughed in a very relaxed voice and instructed her to go buy one,
  and to also pick up a set of chain nipple clamps with the tiny clips not the
  big clover ones. He also instructed her to pick up a small bag of clothespins
  and to order butt plugs -- Small, medium and large. Ana's eyes were like saucers.
  Her mind was reeling and she was ready to say, "No way. I can't buy those things."  
But that voice, it caressed her soul. She knew she would do almost anything
  to please Him. She said she would do as instructed and for the first time she
  heard the words "good girl" from Him.  
Ana's body shivered with excitement. Her panties were soaked after they hung
  up the phone and she took off to go do what He asked for. She refused to be
  late this time. This time she would surprise Him and be done ahead of schedule.  
Ana began searching the various toy shops online that were recommended to
  her. She wanted the one that would cause her the least embarassment upon delivery.
  Ana found one and placed the order for the vibrator/dildo combo. Looking at
  all the names filled her mind with naughty visions. She bought the economy
  anal pack that had three sizes of butt plugs and it had an anal dildo.  
She also read it had something called "Anal Ease." By the time Ana got to
  the nipple clamps, her pussy was drenched and so hot. She wanted to cum so
  badly. Instead, she finished the order and headed out to the local store for
  the clothes pins, wondering just what in the world Weston wanted these for.
  All she wanted was to please Him. Ana grabbed a pack of 100 wooden pins and
  a few other items and headed out to the car, belly still fluttering every time
  she thought of talking to Him on the phone.  
As Ana drove home, her long blond tresses fanned in the wind from the open
  window. Ana belted out the tune that came on the radio, "I wanna kiss you all
  over." She was radiating. Her beautiful glow could be seen by anyone. Ana felt
  decadent, naughty, and sexy. Anastasia couldn't wait to see Weston online tonight.
  She was going to tell Him about the things she picked out and even show Him
  the pictures.  
Anastasia kept her thighs squeezed so tightly on the drive home, anything
  to relieve the pressure. Weston had not done anything sexual with her but the
  more they talked, the more Ana's desire increased.  
Anastasia saw Weston on briefly online that night, showing Him the pictures
  of what she bought, and He said "Good girl." Ana's heart soared like floating
  on air. The smile would have melted His heart this time. Weston asked Anastasia
  if she was horny? Ana blushingly typed in a big "YES!"  
Weston asked Ana to slide her finger between her slit of shaved petals. He
  typed in for her to not type anything back until she needed to cum. His words
  began appearing quickly, instructing her to rub her clit. Ana was way ahead
  of Him. She was rubbing and pinching and pulling upon that swollen nub. He
  instructed her as well to get two clothespins out of the bag and place one
  on each hard nipple.  
Anna's first reaction was, "Oh, my," as it caused a burning sensation that
  after a couple of minutes seemed to fade away. Weston knew it would. Anastasia
  continued to rub, pull, and pinch, finally sliding two fingers in that hot
  little cunt, feeling the juices cover her probing hand, hips grinding against
  the palm, fingers dug in deeper.  
Weston finally saw a set of lines going across the page. He smiled as he
  typed, "Not yet."  
Ana began entering the lines urgently, over and over. She was so close. Finally
  seeing the "cum NOW," Anastasia's body jerked as juices flooded the palm of
  the hand, heart pounding as wave after wave of pleasure engulfed her. She had
  even screamed out during the orgasm.  
After a moment or so, Weston typed in another message. "Remove the pins," it
  read. Anastasia had no clue, but reached for the first one, and the skin seemed
  glued to the wooden material. The sting and burn made tears prick her emerald
  eyes. She told Weston this, and He informed her that this was a normal reaction.  
As Ana removed the other pin, she panted through the pain, surprised by the
  warmth that began to fill the mounds of aching flesh, turning to an intense
  heat. Weston instructed Anastasia to write about this in her journal. He wanted
  to read how she had felt during this first time with Him.  
Ana glowed again. Her body was languid in feeling. Ana told Weston "goodnight," and
  they both logged off and headed to bed.  
Ana's toys arrived, and she immediately emailed Weston explaining everything
  was here. Ana also put her phone number in the email. She trusted Wes and was
  showing this in good faith. Weston did not call, but gave Ana instructions
  on the toys. He allowed her to practice with them some before she had to use
  them full out. Ana practiced with the dildo/vibrator, and was amazed that the
  orgasm was achieved so quickly.  
After the clothespins she was a little nervous about the nipple clamps. They
  looked ominous after the wooden pegs that she had once viewed as so innocent.
  Ana got ready for work and headed out the door. People at work commented on
  how she had a glow. Her face shone brightly and her hair was like shimmering
  fire. Anastasia felt on top of the world. She was able to log onto the computer
  at work, and about lunch time she was surprised to hear a little bleep. Ana
  looked down and saw Weston was online. Her heart stopped.  
Weston and Ana both said hello to each other through typing. Weston asked
  if he could call her at work. Ana immediately gave him the phone number and
  waited on the edge of her seat for His call. The phone rang, and for the first
  time she heard His voice. It seemed to melt over her like a warm bath. Ana
  caught herself almost moaning just from having heard Him.  
"Ana?" Weston said.  
"Yes?" Ana replied  
"Hello, Ana. How are you?" He asked.  
"I am doing ok Sir. Thank You for asking. How are You please?" she whispered
  out.  
"I am doing great Ana. It is wonderful to speak with You." He responded.  
Ana was feeling the juices between her legs, and how her body reacted to
  this man was incredible. His voice seemed to change tenor at different times,
  causing her pussy to respond differently to the types of tones.  
"What are You doing, Ana?" Weston asked.  
"Nothing, just talking to You," She said.  
Weston waited a moment. He had called to hear her voice and speak with her.
  Now she had forgotten to say Sir. What to do. He was quiet. Ana's voice disrupted
  the empty space.  
"Is something wrong?" She said?  
Ahh, there Ana had done it a second time. Weston was thinking of all sorts
  of ways to punish this infraction at work. He did not want to cause her to
  regret the call, but she had to be taught that there are consequences to one's
  actions, even the little ones.  
"Ana, you forgot something twice in your dialogue," Weston said in a totally
  different voice.  
Ana thought a moment and felt a slight fear suddenly. Oh no, she knew what
  she forgot, and now she knew He would ask her what should be done about it.  
"I forgot to call You 'Sir,' Sir. I am so sorry, Sir. Please forgive me.
  It won't happen again. I promise I won't forget again Sir." She stumbled over
  her speech.  
"No Ana, I know you won't forget again, but now what should I do to make
  sure you do not forget?" He whispered.  
"You should punish me, Sir," Ana said without hesitation.  
"Yes you will be punished. Open your desk drawer, Ana. Tell me the items
  inside please," Weston asked.  
Ana quickly got the drawer open. "Sir, there are pens, pencils, scrap paper,
  rubber bands, paper clips, tape, and a ruler," she said quickly.  
Weston thought for a moment. His mind looked at details of everything she
  said.  
"Ok, Ana, I want you to go to the supply closet and get two of those black
  bindery clips. Medium sized is the best," He said.  
Ana asked, "May I go now, Sir?"  
"Yes, go now and hurry," Weston responded.  
Ana hurried out of the office after placing the phone down, went to the supply
  area, and looked around for what He wanted. She found two of a medium size
  and some small ones. She grabbed the two clips and rushed back to the phone.
  Her cunt ached badly. It was on fire. She had never felt this hot before. She
  returned to the phone.  
"I am back, Sir," she said.  
"Very good, Ana," He replied  
"Now Ana, this is what you are to do. Is there anyone in your office that
  can see you right now?" He asked.  
"No Sir," Ana replied  
"Good. I will assume you are wearing a dress. I want you to pull up your
  dress. Pull your panties down and then attach one clip to the left shaved petal
  and the other to the right. Do this now Ana," Wes said in a very sultry voice.  
Ana was in awe, but she replied, "Yes, Sir." Ana's fingers trembled as the
  dress was lifted, revealing silky white flesh. Her panties were soaked, to
  her surprise. She pulled them back and attached the clips to first one side
  then the other. Oh god, her mind was screaming as the clips burned like mad.
  It felt like her pussy was in a vice. She then had to sit down. As she did
  so her body went nuts. Ana was panting, trying to breathe through this pain.
  She picked the phone up and tried to hold very still.  
"I am back, Sir," she managed to pant out.  
"Ah yes, you feel the burn, Ana, don't you?" He asked.  
"Yes Sir, I feel it, but it is beginning to grow numb like the clothespins
  did." she said.  
Weston knew by the time this was over she would hate these clips. He instructed
  Ana to put place her fingers against the clit, to begin teasing it, rubbing
  it harder.  
"Oh god, Sir, please, this hurts so badly." she cried.  
"Well, it isn't supposed to feel good, is it?" He asked.  
Ana rolled her fingers over her clit, then slid two fingers into the tight
  well, feeling a tremendous amount of moisture. She was surprised that this
  made her as hot as it did. The blush suffused her cheeks as she continued stimulating
  her clit, which in turn stimulated the clips. She bit back a moan.  
Weston heard the moan on the phone. Yes, now was the time to go. Weston told
  Ana to keep the clips on until He called her back. She was to go to the bathroom
  and move them &frac14; of an inch every fifteen minutes. Ana heard His words.  
Weston also said, "And, you will play with your hot little cunt every five
  minutes for a minute. That is what you want, right? You are soaked like a little
  slut, aren't you? Your body betrays your mind as it craves even this punishment," Weston
  said.  
Ana was still in denial, but she knew He was right. She could not lie to
  Him. "Yes Sir," she said.  
"Good girl. I will call you later. Don't forget," Weston said.  
"Yes Sir, and no Sir, I won't forget," She replied.  
Ana began to smell herself as she got wetter and wetter. The first trip to
  the bathroom she thought she would die. The pain was incredible. The binder
  wouldn't release the flesh. Once it did though, the blood rushed back to that
  spot, leaving a huge throbbing pain. Biting her lip to keep from crying out,
  her other hand reached and moved the other pin. She prayed Sir would not keep
  her like this for long.  
Ana was dying after the second move of the clips. Her pussy was red, swollen,
  and aching. Her clit was hard, and about to explode. The silk panties were
  so wet she had to lift the dress to sit on the seat so as not to get it wet.
  The more she played the more it aggravated the clips, but it also increased
  the desire ten-fold. Ana jumped as the phone rang.  
"Hello, Ana," Weston's low voice said.  
"Hello, Sir," Ana replied.  
"Have you been doing as I asked? Have you been a good girl, Ana?" He said.  
"Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir, a very good girl, Sir," she said quickly.  
"Are you wet, Ana? Is that hot pussy dripping with your juices?" He asked.  
"Yes Sir, I can smell me," she said.  
"Yes, and just think, now others can probably smell you to. Just think of
  the next person coming in the room and smelling that smell, the smell of a
  naughty slut," He said in such a melting voice.  
"Ana stick you hand between your legs. Slip two fingers inside and gather
  that honey for me. I want you to then bring it to your nose and rub a little
  upon your lips. Then clean your fingers. Make sure I hear you, Ana, or we will
  begin again," He instructed.  
Ana's hand moved quickly between her thighs. She wanted to get these clips
  off. They were killing her poor labia. She wanted to cum as well. Her body
  was on fire. Slipping two fingers deep inside elicited a loud moan. She was
  reluctant to remove her fingers as it felt soo good. Ana's fingers lifted to
  her nose. She inhaled that aroma of her sex. Cheeks turned red fire as the
  smell seemed all around her. Ana rubbed some on her lips. Then she licked them
  clean into the phone, sucking her fingers like she would give anything to suck
  His cock.  
"Good girl, Ana," Weston said.  
"Thank You, Sir. Sir, please, the clips. Please, may I take them off yet," She
  begged.  
"Are you sure you have learned the lesson, Ana?" He asked.  
"Yes Sir, I have, I have," She cried.  
"What was the lesson, Ana?" He asked her.  
"To not forget to say 'Sir,' Sir," Ana replied.  
"Well, that was the punishment, but the lesson was different. Think about
  it, Ana. What are you?" He asked.  
Ana's mind was so focused on the clips she could not think clearly. She didn't
  know. She had stammered through a few guesses when He finally asked her.  
"Ana, are you a slut?" He asked.  
"Yes Sir, I am Sir. Please, yes I am," She cried out.  
"Ok, you may remove the clips, but I want them kept in your purse from now
  on. Do not forget them every day. Remember this as well. Remember this lesson.
  I want you to write an essay on how this felt to you. Leave nothing out. Tell
  me what you are. Tell me what you did," Weston said.  
Ana agreed to His instructions, knowing it would be hard to write, "I am
  a slut." But she said it, so she was bound to be able to write it down. She
  was so hot and bothered she wanted to be used so terribly bad. She went to
  the restroom and removed those awful clips. Her body throbbed more. She cleaned
  the clips and placed them in her purse.  
"Talk to you soon, Ana," Weston said.  
"Yes Sir," She said.  
Later that day, she was about to go home when the phone rang again. She almost
  swooned at the voice on the other end. He had called to wish her a great night
  and to offer a few more instructions.  
"Hello. Ana. I want you, when you get home, to lay on the bed and play with
  your pussy. I want you to use your hand to make yourself cum. You are allowed
  to cum, but no less than five times before you go to sleep. Understand?" He
  asked.  
"Yes, Sir. I have to cum at least five times," Ana replied.  
"Good girl. You are OK? Any questions? Anything bothering you?" He asked.  
"Well, not really, things are OK," Ana said.  
"Oh no, Ana, it is something, so spill it now," Weston said.  
"Just I do not understand how my body became so excited by the pain of those
  clips. They really hurt, but I was so wet," Ana said.  
"It is OK, Ana. Do not worry. A lot of women react the same way to pain.
  It's like a pain that is both pain and pleasure. It is not abnormal. I want
  you to include that in your essay and also your journal. We will talk more
  tomorrow. Goodnight, Ana," Weston said.  
"Yes Sir, and goodnight Sir," Ana replied.  
Anastasia gathered her belonging from work and walked out the door of the
  office. Walking seemed to take a little more effort on her part now. Her pussy
  was so hot, puffy, irritated, and downright sore from the punishment. At the
  same time, her panties were still soaked from the juices of the predicament.
  Her mind was in turmoil still regarding how she could be wet with those damn
  clips biting into her tender flesh like a clamp on an IV line. Lush lips turned
  upwards as she thought about Weston. Her cunt began to throb at just His name.
  Ana shook herself out of the daydream and headed home.  
Anastasia got out of the car gingerly. She hurriedly went for the front door
  as now there was a spot of moisture on the back of her dress. The wind rustled
  by just then, slipping up her thighs like the breath of a lover. Fumbling with
  the keys as her teeth sunk into the lower lip, moaning softly at the gentle
  whisper, Ana pushed the door open to find nobody was home. She checked the
  answering machine and luck was on her side. No one would be home for a few
  hours.  
Ana felt like a school girl almost, hiding and sneaking to experience something
  so sensual that words paled to describe it properly. Oh, Ana was getting in
  deep, way too deep. She lay back upon the bed with toys along side. Fingers
  pulled the dress up as hands yanked the panties down. She unbuttoned her blouse
  so that she had access to everything but could quickly cover up if someone
  came home early. Ana was so focused on Weston that nothing in the world seemed
  more important than pleasing Him and His desires.  
Slowly her fingers ran up between the swollen petals, running past the sore
  areas with a painful but delightful moan. Ana's fingers fluttered over the
  pearl, the nub so swollen and hard, pulling upon it, thinking of His mouth
  suckling on the pleasure pulse. "Oh god," Ana said. She squirmed on the bed
  as the tightness began slowly to build in her belly.  
"Ring, Ring,"  
"Ring, Ring"  
"Ring, Ring"  
Anastasia about fell off the bed, hearing the phone ringing. She grabbed
  the receiver and panted out "Hello." Her clit was throbbing, aching, pulsating.
  All she wanted was to cum. She needed to oh so badly, and now here it was the
  phone had interrupted.  
"Hello, Ana," Weston's sexy voice said on the other end.  
Ana was breathless. Her heart pounded erratically as His voice melted all
  over her sweat covered body. Her mind split in a million directions as her
  juices flooded her well once again.  
"Sir!" Ana said, "I wasn't expecting to hear from you. What a wonderful surprise."  
"Have you been a good girl? Have you been masturbating to cum five times
  as instructed, Ana?" Weston asked.  
"Yes Sir, I have been. I was doing so when the phone rang. Now the feelings
  are ten times worse. I need to cum so badly. Please, Sir, please let me cum.
  Oh god, I can't stand it any longer. It is so hot and aches terribly," Ana
  said.  
"Good girl," Weston said.  
Those two words Ana lived for day in and day out. As she heard them it just
  excited her even more. Her nipples were rock hard. They ached to be suckled
  and bitten. Her finger absently pulled, twisted, and pinched one bud without
  even realizing what she was doing.  
"Ana, I want you to do exactly what I say when I say it, and I will consider
  allowing you to cum, but only if you obey, and only if you are good," Weston
  said, His voice just oozing passion, lust and sex all in one tone.  
"Yes Sir, I promise to obey and be a good girl, Sir. Please just please don't
  make me wait anymore," She pleaded.  
"Are your toys there, Ana?" Weston asked.  
"Yes Sir, they are here," replied Ana. Her voice was shaking. Her body was
  melting. Ana was becoming lost in the voice on the phone and the overwhelming
  response it had to the voice.  
"Ana, place the nipple clamps on, one on each nipple. You may place the phone
  down while you do so, then let me know it is done," Weston said. He knew from
  Ana's words during their chats that Ana loved to have her nipples bitten. Wonder
  if she would still like that after these clamps? Well, we would see.  
Ana placed the clamps on. "Ow, ow, ow," she cried. "That was the first one.
  Oh, ow, oh oh," she cringed. "That was the second one." The intense fire that
  ripped through the buds was like someone had just bitten her nipples clean
  off, without any foreplay. "They are on, Sir," Ana panted out.  
"Good girl. Now, I want you to imagine being at my feet with those clamps
  on, My hand occasionally pulling upon the chain to get your attention. You
  know that if you are not focused on me that the pulls will be harder. I know
  little Ana does not want that to happen, do you Ana?" He said.  
"No Sir!" She immediately cried out. These clamps were nothing like the clothespins.
  These held tight and didn't bend. The chain seemed to pull them towards each
  other.  
"Ana, I want you to slide your fingers into that naughty pussy of yours and
  begin to rub that clit hard. You do not have to respond all the time, just
  moan or yell or something so I know you are focused. Listen to my voice, Ana.
  Imagine my hand there, and how hard I would do these things. Then I want you
  to do them," He said.  
Ana was already rubbing her clit, hard and fast. The tension was already
  high because His voice seemed to take her to heights she could never imagine
  before. Just His voice. She was moaning softly as her pleasure nub began to
  throb more, moaning a little louder with each stroke.  
"Ana, your other hand is to pull and release the chain the hangs between
  your nipples. Pull and release. Don't stop rubbing. Keep rubbing as you pull.
  Don't stop, Ana. Faster. Harder. PULL Ana.  
"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! God!!!! It hurts!!!!" Ana cried.  
"Ahh, that is it, Ana, keep going. Pull and release," Weston said. Hearing
  her in the predicament made His cock hard, but this call wasn't for Him. This
  was all for her. There would be other times for Him to cum with her, but not
  today.  
Ana was squirming on the bed as the pain began to change. The burning was
  something she was craving as she pulled harder. Her clit wasn't getting enough
  stimulation and it was driving her over the edge, the spiral building higher,
  tighter. "Please Sir, oh god, it feels so bad and good. I don't think I can
  do this," Ana cried out.  
"Yes, you can, Ana. Now I want you to take your hand and stop pulling the
  chain. Spread your shaved lips apart so that your clit is exposed to the air.
  Now Ana, stop rubbing. With your other hand I want you to smack that clit hard.
  I mean it. Don't do it easy, because then I can't hear it. Understand?" He
  said.  
"Oh my god. Yes, I understand, Sir," Ana said. Ana eyes were wide open but
  everything was on fire. She was going to explode, but she needed more before
  that could happen. She released the chain and spread those lips, allowing the
  hooded skin to poke out. SMACK, screams, SMACK, screams, SMACK, screams. "Oh
  god. Please, Sir, oh, oh," She screamed out.  
"I can't hear it, Ana. Harder. Let me hear it, Ana. Smack that dirty cunt
  hard. Make those juices audible with those smacks. I want to hear it, Ana.
  HARDER!" Weston said in a very stern voice.  
Ana responded by smacking over and over again, harder each time, louder.
  She knew He had to be able to hear it now, smacking, writhing on the bed, moaning
  as the pain was forgotten, just this incredible urge to cum overtaking her,
  crying out as each smack hurt, but felt so good.  
"I can't hear you again, Ana. If I can't hear you, you will start all over
  again. Is this what you want?" He asked.  
"NOOOOOOOOOOO!!! Sir," Ana cried.  
She smacked her pussy harder, and harder still. Her hand was red. Her lips
  were red. Her body was covered in a thin sheen of perspiration. She was in
  a daze almost. SMACK! SMACK! Her mind was with Him. She could feel His hand
  doing this to her. She moaned louder, finally hearing the words she had been
  dying to hear.  
"Cum NOW Ana!!! Cum now, like the slut you are. Pull those clamps off as
  well, NOW," Weston ordered.  
Ana bucked on the bed as the final smacks brought her over the edge. She
  pulled the clamps off her nipples in one fluid motion. The intensity was overwhelming,
  making her scream out over and over as the shooting fire exploded deep in her
  belly. Her juices flooded her hand. She couldn't stay still on the bed as the
  waves of pleasure engulfed her, panting through the moans of the pleasure,
  finally stopping. Lying there, she breathed hard heart pumped fast, and sweat
  poured from every gland.  
Weston listened to her smacking those velvet lips, knowing she had no idea
  how hard He would smack them if given a chance, but He pushed her harder anyway.
  He could hear them, but told her He could not. He knew she was nearly ready
  though when her pain began to sound like pleasure. Listening to her screams
  as she came made the precum shoot against His underwear. Yes, she was a good
  slut. She would submit well.  
"Thank you, Sir. Thank you, Thank you, Sir, for allowing me to cum," She
  said.  
"Who did I allow to cum, Ana?" Weston asked.  
"A slut, Sir, Ana the slut," Ana said.  
"Good girl, Ana. You have pleased me. Now relax. Run your fingers up and
  down your belly in soft subtle strokes, while we talk. I know that the clamps,
  and now the spanking of your pussy, are going to confuse you. Your response
  to them, honestly it is normal, and nothing for you to fear. We will explore
  other avenues and find what triggers your responses the most."  
"Yes Sir, I would like that, Sir. It is confusing to feel this pain and then
  suddenly it is the most intense pleasure one could ever feel, but I have always
  heard that pain is pain, and no pleasure could be derived from it, so this
  was a little unnerving for me, Sir," Ana said.  
"I know it was, Ana, but you will learn over time what is real pain verses
  what is painful pleasure," Weston said.  
The two talked a little about the orgasm and the intensity. He instructed
  her to clean any toys she used later, when she came the other four times. He
  had given her this one as a gift. They talked about her work, his work, things
  at home, and how those things were going. Ana was so entranced by Him she could
  barely breathe at times during the conversation. Her glazed expression began
  to change to one that was alert and oriented. Her body was sore. Oh god, she
  did not have any idea how sore she would be.  
"Wow, Sir, I am so sore. I had no idea. This feels like I was beat up or
  something. My muscles ache terribly," Ana said.  
"Yes hon, that is normal as well. You will need to soak in a very warm bath
  tonight, though I warn you, where those clips were will sting like mad, so
  just ease into the water. Soak and perhaps cum in the bath where its nice and
  warm and the water caresses you. Think of that water as being me," Weston said.  
"Mmmmmmmmmhmmmmmm, I can do that, Sir. I will do that, Sir. It was so beautiful,
  Sir. Thank you for staying after the orgasm, Sir. I feel I would have been
  lost without you here," Ana said.  
"Of course, Ana, it is part of my job to see to you physically, emotionally,
  and mentally. You were in a place that it is not good to be left alone. You
  might have had questions when you became fully alert again. You may have needed
  something. On the phone is different. Think real life. If we were together
  doing this, think how I probably would have brought you water, held you in
  my arms until your breathing slowed and your body relaxed," Weston said.  
"Yes, I read something about that, Sir. It is called aftercare or something?" She
  queried.  
"Yes, Ana, that is correct. Before you ask, yes, you did achieve sub space.
  It was a very small amount of time, but you were there," Weston said in a caressing
  voice.  
Ana was shocked. She didn't realize. Now she wondered what deep subspace
  felt like. She would find out one day, she knew, with Weston, she hoped. If
  not, it would be another. Someday though, she would feel it real life, as in
  flesh and blood. Perhaps it would be with Weston. Who knew?  
Weston was thinking along the same lines of real life. It would be nice to
  meet Ana and put her through her paces, once she was trained some more. She
  still had a long way to go.  
"Ana, I have to go now. Are you ok?" He asked.  
"Yes Sir, I am ok and feel wonderful. Thank You again, Sir," Ana said.  
"Goodnight, Ana. Talk with you tomorrow. Don't forget your assignments," Weston
  said.  
"Goodnight, Sir. No, I won't forget. How could I?" Ana replied.  
Ana hung up the phone, lay there a few moments, then began putting her things
  away. She stripped down and placed the clothing into the basket, ran a hot
  bath, and soaked until the water began to cool. Her thoughts and dreams were
  of Weston that night, and she just could not wait until the next time they
  met.  
niyah2  
Phone Sex Part 2 
niyah2 
Special thanks to BDSM Bill for editing my work. You have helped my writing
  in a great way Sir and You are appreciated. niyah  
   
  Anastasia looked forward to hearing from Weston every day �C well, almost every
  day. She still went to chat rooms and tried to fit in with others, but it was
  almost impossible. Anastasia would sit and watch all the disrespect in the
  rooms and have to leave. When she would ask Weston why these girls were allowed
  to act this way or comment on their disrespect, He always replied the same
  way. "It is not your place to judge, now is it?"  
   
  Anastasia knew that a submissive was not to judge others. Watching how things
  went on in chat would drive her crazy. She would sit thinking to herself that
  these girls would not last five minutes with Weston. Time seemed to fly by.
  Weston would catch her every slip up. It was like he had a spy cam with a supersonic
  ear piece. He would hear the slightest infraction. Ana was at work one day
  and Sir called. Her heart raced a mile a minute, just like it always did when
  he called. He greeted her, and she made sure to greet Him as Sir. She would
  not forget the first lesson. The conversation seemed very mellow. Ana had relaxed
  and started to speak openly, or freely for a better term.  
   
  "How are You today, Sir?" Ana asked.  
   
  "I am doing pretty good," Wes replied.  
   
  "That is good to hear Sir. I have missed talking with You Sir," Ana said.  
   
  "Oh yeah?" Wes asked.  
   
  "Yes Sir, I have missed You a great deal Sir. I have finished my assignments
  and am still working on writing about them Sir." Ana said.  
   
  "Yeah? Really?" Weston countered.  
   
  "Yeah Sir, really I have Sir," Ana said, not thinking.  
   
  Wrong! She was busted. "Yeah" was a word for lazy people. Sir did not allow
  Ana to be lazy. Ana felt her ass tighten so hard, her stomach turned to a sinking
  feeling. He had baited her and she had relaxed to the point of walking right
  into the trap. Ana even thought she heard a chuckle because He knew she knew
  she was in trouble.  
   
  "Ana, what have I told you about the word "yeah"?" Wes asked.  
   
  "That only lazy sluts use the word "yeah" and that it shows a disrespect to
  the dominant, Sir," Ana replied.  
   
  Her voice was almost trembling, but at the same time she felt the rush of heat
  to her clit. Her pearl was throbbing, and the first little trickles of moisture
  were flowing forward. Ana blushed because this was one reaction she had not
  figured out why it happened yet. Soon though, she would understand. Weston
  was listening to her on the other end and He could hear the sudden catch in
  her breath when His voice changed and He told her, "Good girl, for the right
  answer."  
   
  Wes instructed Ana to shut her office door, sit back down in the chair, and
  to lift her dress so that her pussy was open to the air. Wes knew she was in
  a dress because He had instructed that she wear them always. Why, you might
  ask? Well, so that she was always accessible for use. Pants interfered with
  the dominant's pleasure, for they were time consuming to get out of quickly.
  Whereas with a dress, He could bend her over the chair, the desk, throw her
  to the floor on all fours, and have His way with her any time of the day or
  night. Ana always shuddered and soaked herself when He would remind her of
  how she was to dress and why.  
   
  Ana lifted her dress, feeling it slide up the silky thighs. Her pussy hot and
  swollen. Weston instructed Ana to smack her pussy really hard five times. She
  was to make sure He could hear her smack it or else she would have to start
  over. Ana's heart raced. What if someone heard her out from the hallway? Ana
  bit her lip to keep from crying out. She had done this before, and she knew
  what it felt like, but here at work made her a nervous wreck.  
   
  "May I place the phone down, Sir?" Ana asked.  
   
  "No Ana, keep the phone up so that you may hear me," Wes replied.  
   
  "Yes Sir," Ana said.  
   
  Ana kept the phone near her ear. Little tiny beads of perspiration began to
  film her forehead. She tossed the blonde rings over her shoulders. Hearing
  Him tell her to start, Ana smacked one time. Wes said, "Stop." She knew why,
  and started over. The next time her hand connected with those shaved lips the
  fire that ripped through those petals exploded deep within her brain. The pain
  was incredible and she knew He would have hit harder. The second one came down,
  connecting solid with the flesh once more. Her yells were being bitten back,
  but the tears could be visibly seen. Ana kept watching the door. Again her
  hand fell hard.  
   
  At the other end of the phone line, that voice that soothed, controlled, punished,
  disciplined, and pleasured, said, "Harder, Ana." Ana's hand came down a fourth
  time, harder than the first three. The sound in the room echoed like a gunshot.
  Succulent lips parted as a cry escaped. "Yes Ana, that is it," Wes said. Ana's
  cheeks were wet from the tears as the sting tore through her body. Finally,
  the fifth smack. Ana sat back, making sure her thighs were parted widely. Her
  petals were wet with juices. The room smelled like her sex. SMACK one last
  time. She turned her head into her arm and bit down to keep the scream from
  being audible to the hallway.  
   
  Ana's cunt was on fire. Ana's lust was growing rapidly. The last slap had left
  her soft-shaved petals looking like flesh burnt by falling asleep in the sun.
  Wes told Ana she had done well, and He was pleased with her efforts. He assured
  her that if he had been there He would have hit three times as hard, and probably
  with a flogger, crop or possibly a whip. Ana felt the juices gushing. The thought
  of Sir flogging her drove her senses insane.  
   
  "Ana, what did you learn?" Wes asked.  
   
  "Two things, Sir. One is that it is never okay to disrespect the dominant by
  being lazy, and two, always expect discipline to be swift and done immediately
  as the infraction is then well learned," Ana said.  
   
  "Good girl," Wes said in that voice, the voice that always let her cum or led
  her up to that point and made her wait.  
   
  Ana's tongue slid out softly, caressing the lower lip. Squeezing the heated
  thighs together, trying to ease the sting from the petals, Ana adjusted her
  position. Ana knew she did not make a noise as she moved, and when His next
  words came across and connected with her ears, Ana almost fainted.  
   
  "Open your thighs, Ana. I did not tell you to close them. Do you think your
  suffering should be eased so soon, Ana?" He asked.  
   
  "Oh, umm no, Sir, of course not. But, but., How did You know, Sir?" she queried.  
   
  Wes explained it was a natural reaction to any discomfort from there and He
  figured she would try to alleviate the building pressure that He knew was growing
  between those slutty thighs. Ana blushed because she knew He was right.  
   
  "Do you need to cum, Ana?" Wes asked.  
   
  "Yes Sir, please Sir," Ana pleaded.  
   
  "Do you deserve to cum, Ana?" Wes asked.  
   
  "Only if You say I do, Sir," replied Ana.  
   
  "No Ana, that is not the correct response. You tell me. Do you deserve to cum?"
  He asked again.  
   
  "I was punished Sir, and I did the punishment, so yes, I think I should be
  allowed to cum," she said with a little confidence.  
   
  Wes chuckled a little, hearing that trembling need in her voice. He already
  knew He was going to allow her to cum. She had done as He had instructed and
  had done it very well. He also knew that Ana got very wet when her pussy was
  smacked. Wes began to talk to Ana, painting the picture of her kneeling at
  His feet, how she would present her pussy to be whipped and would do it gladly.
  Ana always had a little trouble with this, thinking, would she be able to do
  this? She would ask Sir and He, of course, would put it right back to her.
  "Would you Ana?" So it would go on.  
   
  "Ana, run your fingers up your slit. Slowly. Ahhhh yes, that is what you wanted
  isn't it?" He asked.  
   
  "Yes Sir, oh yes Sir," she replied with breathless excitement.  
   
  "Pinch your clit, Ana. Harder, Ana," He said.  
   
  Ana pinched her clit hard, t hen harder as He instructed. Her moans were growing
  even through she was hiding her face against her shoulder. She was thankful
  her office was locked and no one should need her for awhile. She was rubbing,
  pinching, the phone cradled against her shoulder and chin as another finger
  grasped a hard nipple and twisted and pulled, then twisted again. She had thoughts
  of His mouth upon the taut bud, His teeth biting. She was moaning out as the
  orgasm drew closer, panting through the motions of His instructions, pull,
  pinch, smack, twist. Ana's pussy was dripping. Her belly was spiraling tightly.
  Suddenly she heard His voice. Something she had grown accustomed to was for
  Him to count.  
   
  "5, 4, 3, you better cum on 1, bitch, 2,, don't you hold back on me slut, 1!"
  Wes said in a deep seductive way.  
   
  Ana felt the tension build with each number. The harder she pushed her body
  towards the brink as she heard His words, the faster her fingers flew over
  the clit, her other hand sliding two fingers deep inside, slamming forward
  at two as the other hand pinched the clit hard. Her body hit release at "one"
  as she cried out, allowing the juices to flood forward, caressing her hand,
  feeling it slide between her thighs upon the seat, gasping for air as the lights
  of brilliance exploded behind tightly lidded eyes, her heart pounding in her
  ears, large breasts, and the tortured pearl. Panting as the waves kissed the
  flesh, Ana rode them all the way through.  
   
  "Good girl!" Do you feel better now?" Wes asked.  
   
  "Yes Sir, oh my yes," Ana replied with a silky, orgasmic voice.  
   
  "Good. You did well, Ana. I am well pleased with you," Wes said.  
   
  "Thank You, Sir, for allowing me to cum. I am still confused though about why
  the spanking made me so hot anyway, Sir," She said.  
   
  Wes knew Ana was still very unused to this aspect of the lifestyle. He would
  take time to explain the feelings and allow Ana to feel at ease before ending
  the conversation. His explanations gave Ana a lot to think about. As always,
  Ana would write the feelings down and any other questions. Wes stayed with
  Ana on the phone for awhile once again as she came down from a place she still
  didn't quite understand.  
   
  Wes and Ana talked for a while about how much slapping her pussy hurt, and
  what else she worried about during that episode, like people walking in or
  hearing her doing this, her co-workers being able to smell her sex as now that
  she had cum it was even stronger, and the fear of displeasing Him that drove
  her to do as He said rather than to say no.  
   
  Wes felt Ana was coming along nicely, and she still had a lot to learn and
  experience. This was not something that was just rushed. He would take her
  to other levels one at a time, breaking through that fa?ade she had worn for
  so long, the one that she still thought she was keeping up with Him. If she
  only knew that He was really entering her and working His way up inside her
  towards her heart. Would she notice, or would He just keep pushing down walls
  and plowing through barriers she put up to guard herself?  
   
  Wes instructed Ana to use the small butt plug tonight, lubing it and wearing
  it for an hour, holding it in and not allowing it to fall out. The small one
  would probably hurt her if she was not careful, He explained to her. He told
  her to make sure she lubed it well and her ass, too. She might want to play
  with herself a little before trying to push it in, and to also do it very slowly.
  Take deep breaths.  
   
  Ana took all this in and thanked Him for His patience and care. She said she
  would do as told and report back to Him about how it felt and what it was like.
  Her ass tightened up the moment He said "butt plug." she knew it was coming,
  but now it was here. She was wondering what could possibly be next. Guess We
  will find out next time.  
   
  "Goodnight, Ana," Wes said.  
   
  "Goodnight, Sir," Ana said.  
   
  The two hung up, and Ana finished up her day. Thoughts of the butt plug plagued
  her mind as she waited to get home to do this assignment. She was not a virgin
  when it came to anal sex, but it had been a very long time. Arriving home,
  Ana made sure no one was around and pulled out the new pink piece of rubber.
  It seemed fairly small when she looked at it closely. It came with this lube
  that was to help it slide in easily, and she hoped this was true. Ana lay on
  the bed and turned to her side. Her fingers gently lubed the puckered part
  of her ass. Her pussy began to throb again, and of course it was very sore
  from earlier. Placing the same lube upon the plug, Ana slowly pressed the tip
  forward towards the ring of tight flesh. The feeling was odd at first, and
  then, as it began to go a little further, Ana could feel her body begin to
  reject the idea. "Oh god, this hurts," she thought. She tried to relax, using
  her other hand to slowly caress her clit. Feeling the heat begin to build,
  she pushed and pulled on the plug.  
   
  Ana's body began to tighten towards orgasm again. The plug was half in, and
  she was working it, thrusting softly, easing it in and out. It felt odd, but
  so good at the same time. Suddenly it slid home, all the way to where it was
  securely inside her tight ass. Ana kept playing with her clit as she rocked
  back on her ass, making the plug move in as it would slide out just a little
  with each roll back and forth. Writhing on the bed, the hardest orgasm she
  had felt hit her. Fluids gushed, and she felt the anal muscles lock down on
  the soft, pliant object. Gasping for air, heart pounding loudly, Ana lay there
  coming down from the spiral that ripped through her. Ana looked at the time.
  She began to time herself for the one hour of wear, and to gather her thoughts
  on what to say in her journal. Ana's body was languid as she fell asleep. 
Anastasia had been very good, the type of good that Weston was pleased. Ana
  was increasing her use of the butt plug, using it more each day to train her
  ass to one day accept His thick cock deep inside that tight hole. One day,
  after a few weeks, they were on the phone.  
"Ana, go and get your butt plug, the next size up, and your nipple clamps," Weston
  said.  
"Yes Sir," said Ana.  
Her stomach drew up in knots at the thought. Oh god, as much as the smaller
  one hurt sometimes, how was she ever going to get that other one deep inside.
  Weston knew that Ana had begun to think she was never going to progress to
  the next level of the plugs, and today was the day to try.  
He knew today she would have no interruptions, and would be able to focus
  solely on Him and His words. Ana got the items and crawled onto the bed, retrieving
  the receiver, and letting Wes know she was back.  
"Good girl," He said.  
"Thank You, Sir," she said.  
Ana kept the lube near her bed, as well as a couple other things that were
  well hidden. Just the butt plugs and clamps were kept elsewhere, just in case
  someone should snoop around. Wes suggested she get the lube out, along with
  the leather belt and the vibrator, just in case. Wes didn't really make her
  use it much, because she did very well with self manipulation and didn't need
  that as much. Ana heard Wes's voice change over into that sound that mesmerized
  her, almost putting her in a trance like state, or so it seemed. She would
  hang on His every word, closing her eyes and feeling, seeing, tasting, touching
  and hearing what He would say.  
"Ana, rub your nipples. Squeeze those tight little buds as you feel my breath
  against your neck, my tongue flicking your ear as the breath of my voice caresses
  your deepest core. Squeeze them Ana. Make them hard for me. Twist them like
  I would if I were there, Ana. Harder, girl. My hands are all over you now,
  touching, tasting, and I can smell your sex. You are a naughty slut, Ana. Make
  them throb," Wes said.  
Ana's eyes closed, and she could feel Him pulling, twisting, and rubbing
  her taut little rosebuds. She began to pull them harder, twisting them one
  way then the next. Her hips began to undulate on the bed at just the thought
  of His hands upon her body. She was moaning loudly.  
 "Harder!" He said.  
Ana nearly jumped off the bed as she clamped down on her nipples so hard
  it elicited a scream of pain. "Good girl, Ana, very good girl," He said. She
  was moaning more as she felt the heat begin to consume her body, moving down
  towards her belly, her nipples hard, throbbing, aching, needing something,
  just not sure what.  
"Take the nipple clamps and attach them to those bad little peaks, Ana. Grab
  hold on one first, slide the clamp above the tip, and then do the other. Yes,
  that is it Ana. I know it hurts. Such a good girl. Ahhhhh yes, that's it, Ana.
  Breathe, baby. I am there, Ana, and you know what will happen if you don't
  do what I want. I will yank that little chain. Yank it Ana, gently first. Yessss,
  that is a very good girl," He said.  
Ana had done as instructed and the searing heat that bit down on those buds
  was like fire to her flesh. She screamed out and began holding her breath,
  trying to get through the pain. His voice soothingly telling her to breathe
  and she did. Pulling upon the chain made her cry out once again. Her cunt was
  dripping now, throbbing more. She felt her juices flowing down between her
  ass cheeks and all she could think of was more and harder, pinching the nipples
  with the clamps and releasing, making it tighter, then lighter, gasping at
  the sensations that went straight to her shaved pussy.  
"Get the belt, Ana. Not because you have been bad, but because it will please
  me. Stand up and spread your legs. Feel me kicking first one leg apart, and
  then the other. My breath is against your neck again, standing behind you as
  the belt suddenly smacks that lustful pussy. Do it, Ana. Use the last few inches
  of the belt and spank it so I can hear. If I can't hear it, we will begin again.
  Harder, Ana. Ohhh, yes, that was a good one. It hurts, doesn't it Ana? You
  like that, you greedy slut. Harder, harder, I can't hear it, Ana. Harder now.
  Again, keep it going."  
"Yes, I hear those juices as the belt meets your pussy. Use your other hand
  and spread those sweet lips. Smack the clit with the tip of the belt hard,
  Ana. Ahhh yes, like that, very good. It feels so good, doesn't it Ana? Oh yes,
  I know it hurts, but it feels so nice," he whispered.  
Ana took the belt and began to smack her pussy hard. Then, as His voice urged
  her on from soft to very, very hard, she was losing herself. She didn't know
  where she was except for the tone of His voice and the feel of that leather
  swiftly and surely hitting the right spot. "Yes Sir, it hurts Sir," Ana cried
  out.  
Pulling the leather back and swinging it forward hard, cries of pain escaped
  her lips. Her cunt was so wet now that she could hear it when the belt connected.
  She was panting, breathing heavily as the chain between the tight buds began
  to swing with each whack, sending shooting fire straight through the breasts
  down to the overheated petals. She separated the slick skin, smacking it fast
  and hard with the strip of leather. "Oh, oh god, Sir, please, Sir, oh, please,
  please, I can't, oh, please," She cried out.  
"Oh please what, Ana," He asked?  
"Please let her cum, Sir, She needs to so badly, please, please, Sir," she
  begged.  
"Not yet, Ana, not yet, soon though," He said.  
Frustration was easily noted in her tone. As she fought the urges to explode,
  the strap continued to hit the little swollen nub of flesh that seemed to be
  the only part of her existence. By now she was lying on the bed, as her legs
  were to weak, trembling as her body would jump with each thwack of the leather,
  feeling Him as He brought the leather down against that dirty cunt over and
  over again. She yanked on the chain, causing blasting heat to explode in her
  body.  
God she was so close, and was almost over the edge. She whimpered as she
  began begging again. "Please Sir, I can't hold it. Oh god Sir, please, please
  I can't. I don't want to displease You. PLEASE, OH GOD PLEASE!!!!" she screamed.  
"Cum now slut. Cum for me. Don't you hold back from me, slut. Cum harder.
  I want to hear you. I want to feel you and smell you. Cum harder. Let it all
  go. That's it. Ohhh yes, such a dirty slut. Mmmmmmmm," Weston said. He had
  begun to feel the hardness within his cock and was rubbing just lightly.  
Ana heard the order to cum and she laid the strap against her pearl one last
  time, screaming so loud it deafened her ears. Her body was stiff like a board
  for what seemed an eternity before spasms ripped through the ivory flesh. She
  gasped for air as the explosion continued to caress each cell of her body,
  panting as she felt the wet bed beneath where she had gushed. She didn't care
  as the euphoria continued to kiss her, feeling Him there with her knowing there
  was yet more to come.  
"Thank You Sir, oh thank you," Ana breathed out.  
Wes chuckled as He knew this was just the start. By the time she finished
  she would be walking funny for a few days. Now that the initial release had
  been achieved, things would become a tad harder for the excited girl.  
"Ana, remove the nipple clamps," Weston said.  
Ana cringed as she knew what was going to happen. She bit her lip as she
  squeezed the pin, her flesh sticking to the plastic once again, pulling it
  loose off the sensitive areas, and managing to get both off when suddenly the
  blood rushed back in to the tips of those large globes of wonderful flesh.
  Tears filled Ana's eyes as the pain was excruciating, yet at the same time
  she knew it could have been worse.  
"They are off, Sir," she replied.  
"Now Ana, lube your butt plug and turn to your side, placing it just at the
  entrance. Then close your eyes. Think of being alone with me in a room, the
  smell of leather all around. See the pot in the corner for naughty girls that
  are not clean for their Masters, and the many implements on the walls. Hear
  me tell you to present, knowing full well I am going to hurt you in some way.
  Kneel with legs spread, the black corset tight around your stomach leaving
  your heavy tits to spill over the top and your already wet pussy open to anything
  I choose."  
"Feel my fingers twist those little buds of pleasure. My fingers clamp down
  hard as I attach first one clamp to one and then another to the other. Hearing
  your sharp intake of breath fuels me further. I tell you crawl for me. You
  move forward without hesitation, knowing that when that chain catches on anything
  it will hurt. Crawl lower to the ground so your nipples drag the carpet, feeling
  the pull upon the chain as it stops you every now and then."  
"Suddenly the crop connects with the upturned ass, and you scream out as
  that first swing startles you and of course hurts. Tears prick your eyes as
  the chain twists in the carpet, pulling on those lovely breasts. I Stripe your
  ass for the first time, marking you as mine. I know full well you won't sit
  comfortably for a week," his voice cooed.  
Ana could see all that He said. Her breathing was labored as she felt the
  motions even though they weren't happening. Her hand began pushing on the butt
  plug, trying to move it forward, pressing against the ring and releasing, knowing
  she needed to relax more.  
"Now, you remember I told you that your ass must be ready for me. You wonder
  if you are clean, because you know that if my cock slides deep in that tight
  ass and is soiled, you will lick it off. Yes, that makes you scared. I can
  smell you Ana. I pull you to your feet, placing you with arms tied and hooked
  to a dangling piece of steel, raising it so you stand on tip toes. I grab the
  flogger and began swinging it towards that lovely flesh. I watch as you twist,
  turn almost dancing with each swipe seeing the skin as it begins to blush red,
  some places even turning purple. I hear you as you begin to become incoherent.
  We both know the excitement has taken control of you," He soothingly said.  
Ana was feeling it all. Her body was transformed a thousand miles away to
  a dungeon with Him. She could feel herself doing all that He said. She pushed
  on the butt plug as the flogger continued to swing against the pale flesh,
  the plug beginning to go in further. She was pushing more as her fingers began
  twisting and fluttering against the clit. Finally she felt that soft but firm
  plastic slide home. Crying out in pleasure, pain, and of course relief at the
  achievement, she said, "The bigger plug is in Sir."  
"Good girl, Ana, very good girl. You must really want my thick cock inside
  that tight ass of yours, Ana," He said.  
"Oh yes Sir, please Sir. Please flog me and use the crop. I want to crawl
  on the floor for you while you mark me. I want to suck your cock and feel you
  explode all over my face, hair, chest. I want to feel You fuck my dirty cunt
  and then my tight ass that teases You and begs for it, Sir," Ana cried.  
Wes chuckled hearing her. He knew she meant every word but also knew she
  had no true idea what she was begging for exactly. She had never been real
  life and He knew she would have to be taken along slowly, but He also felt
  that at this moment she would have let Him do anything if it pleased Him.  
"Ana, begin sliding that big plug in and out, slowly at first. Think of my
  cock sliding in and out with each stroke. Yes, so tight, Ana. It hurts doesn't
  it? Mmmmmm, harder Ana. I want you to fuck yourself. I am behind you sliding
  my cock deep into that hot little ass, hard and fast, taking you far past the
  delight of pain and pleasure. Ohh, yes, that is it Ana. Keep fucking that ass.
  You know I will take a whip and begin to whip your ass so that you take it
  deeper, harder and faster. Grab the vibrator/dildo, Ana, and stick it in that
  juicing cunt of yours."  
"Mmmmmmmmmmm, yes, just like that. You like that, don't you Ana? You like
  being filled so full, your ass and pussy being fucked at the same time. Rock
  against both of them, faster, faster, harder, HARDER!" Wes said.  
Ana fucked her ass hard, imagining Him being there. She could feel His cock
  tearing her ass with each thrust, but she was past the point of caring. She
  wanted more, harder, faster. Sliding the dildo deep into the wet, hungry pussy,
  she felt the two implements rub against each other. Her hands alternated, one
  in, the other out, and vice versa. Her hips undulated, rocking back and forth.
  The excitement built as all the pictures came together as one.  
Ana could see everything He had said, and felt it in her heart. It was so
  real she knew He was deep in her ass now. The plug moved deeper with each pounding.
  The dildo reached her cervix, wanting to go further. Ana cried out in ecstasy
  as each thrust brought her closer and closer. She began to beg. She hated to
  beg, yet loved how it felt to beg.  
"Please Sir, oh god, please, please, please. Her way of begging was pleases
  and Sirs, because that was all she could get out when she was so close to the
  edge. "Please Sir, I can't hold back. I need to cum. Please, the greedy bitch
  needs to cum. She begs You Sir, please let her cum," Ana cried as she rocked
  against the two implements taking them deeper and deeper. The smell of her
  sex filled the room. Her bed was soaked all around her from the juices.  
"Yes Ana, cum. Cum for Me, Ana. Show me how much pleasure I give you. Cum
  hard, Ana, and don't you dare hold back from me you bitch," He replied.  
Ana's body froze in mid air as the orgasm caught her hard. She was suspended
  mid air from the thrusting of the implements as her body began to spasm. She
  felt the lightening strikes of pleasure as it began to consume the flesh. Her
  body moved quickly, as the pleasure burst free from the body, juices flooding
  the dildo, seeping around to soak the bed again. Her heart was racing, pounding
  like mad. At the same time, Ana screamed at the top of her lungs, "THANK YOU,
  SIR! Oh YES, thank YOU!," she screamed.  
Ana lay there. Her panting was loud and she was unable to move, dazed in
  some trance-like state. The dildo was pulling out, but the plug was still buried
  deep in her now not-so-tight ass.  
"Ana, pull the plug out. Then bring it to your nose and smell it for me," Wes
  said.  
Ana gingerly pulled the plug out. She felt very apprehensive as she did.
  She saw it was clean, but still she brought it to the nose and inhaled that
  pungent scent. She knew He just might make her lick it clean like she would
  have to clean His cock just because it was His desire to do so.  
"Stick two fingers into your slutty pussy. Bring them to your lips and smear
  the juices all over them. I want you to wear that smell for the rest of the
  day. You may not shower or wash your face until tonight. I know you will worry
  about who can smell you all day. I know you must smell very sexy by now," He
  said, chuckling.  
"Yes Sir," Ana said. That was all she could say. He was right though, she
  was terrified of what others might smell or think of what she had done. Could
  they smell her as the slut she was, or could she blend in like everyone else?
  One thing she knew for sure was that the smell was in her nose and would be
  there for a long time.  
Weston stayed on the phone with Ana for about a half hour. He talked to her
  about what they had done and how she felt. Ana began to come down out of the
  clouds and tears pricked her eyes. She was confused by the feelings all of
  this invoked.  
Weston said He was there with her holding her in His arms while He explained
  there was nothing wrong with her feelings, that she just enjoyed having a little
  light pain with intense pleasure to follow, that there was nothing wrong with
  it, and that she was not a bad person because of these feelings.  
Ana knew what He said was truth, but she just didn't understand how one who
  hated any type of pain wanted it so badly in a sexual aspect. Ana began to
  come back among the living in a more coherent way. Once she was calm and settled,
  Weston said He had to go for awhile. Ana was fine and she understood. She thanked
  Him for staying with her until she was able to be logical again.  
That was one thing He drilled into Ana. A good Dominant will stay to comfort,
  care for, and help His sub/slave after an intense time. It is their responsibility.
  To leave her in the state she was in would have been cruel. If there had been
  some emergency, He would have come back as soon as possible and still checked
  on her.  
Later that night, Weston called Ana once more before going to bed, just to
  be sure she was OK and was not having any difficulties. She was a little down,
  but after such a high release of endorphins and soaring in sub-space it was
  normal to feel this way.  
Weston had now moved Ana yet another step closer to a possible meeting. He
  also knew she was achieving more than He ever expected a sub to do by phone.
  He was very pleased with the slut's progress. He was also very proud of her.  
Watch for future installments of Ana's adventure.  
PART FOUR 
niyah2 
~~~"Thank You again BDSM Bill for Your help in editing this piece."~~~~ 
Ana was delving deeper and deeper into this erogenous zone of D/s. Her thoughts
  were on Weston every moment of every day. Wanting desperately to meet Him.
  To be everything He wanted in a sub slave. Of course there were draw backs.
  He was married and so was she. The relationship could only go but so far. Accept
  each passing day seemed to make it a deeper and more real life relationship.
  Ana was at a point that she would do anything He asked. Some may wonder how
  He achieved this and to be honest for a long time she was unable to tell you.
  Other than Wes has figured out her secret desires, her fantasies and He played
  upon them to bring out that submission that was now His as she knew in her
  heart He was her Master. 
Wes and Ana never spoke of being Master sub or Master slave. Yet somehow they
  both knew that is exactly where the relationship was at this point. Wes took
  things slowly probably more slowly than any other dominant would have and for
  that He was in a way the one rewarded. Ana would be given various assignments
  and she would carry them out but then she was assigned to write about the occurrence.
  The worst part. If He was pleased with her essay she purred at the &quot;good girl.&quot; If
  she did ok with it there was still praise but not the &quot;good girl,&quot; that sent
  tendrils of heat between her thighs. 
Ana became so in tune with Wes that just His voice would cause her pussy to
  be wet. No matter what voice He used just being around Him produced the effect.
  Sometimes by the end of just speaking with Him her panties were soaked and
  nothing sexual had been spoken or implied. This confused Ana. Mostly because
  at home she really had no desire for sex with her spouse so why was she like
  a bitch in heat with general conversation? 
She was doubting herself. Her submission and whether she was a sub or slave.
  Wes could tell she was having a hard time so He came up with something that
  on the one had seemed very innocent but in the end turned out to be so much
  different. Wes asked Ana if she had a few things He wanted her to have and
  Ana was replying with a firm no. After that day was over she wished that she
  had had those items. 
Wes instructed Ana to find some string as it turned out she did not having
  any string, twine or anything like that. Wes asked if she had any ribbon? Ana
  went searching and found a little bolt of green ribbon. Dark green. He chuckled
  as He began to tell her what to do with the string. First though He instructed
  her to get the butt plug and lube. 
&quot;Ana, lube the plug and plug yourself good,&quot; He said. 
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; Ana replied. 
Ana's soft whimpers could be heard as she struggled with the medium sized
  plug trying her best to work it into her tight ass. From the play the day before
  though her ass was so sore, tight and still she knew she would make it fit
  to please Him. That is one thing Ana felt she had to make clear. She did not
  do things simply because He said &quot;I am Master and you will do them,&quot; or &quot;I
  am a Master and you will do these things for me because I own you,&quot; or the &quot;your
  job is to please Me, your needs are secondary and mean nothing really, I owe
  you nothing, not love, affection, attention, hope, seduction, nothing but see
  you owe Me everything for you are slave.&quot; See Wes made sure that He found Ana's
  triggers. He explored her every part and stroked, caressed, prodded and over
  all listened to her when she would talk. In this He had Ana right where He
  wanted. She was His clay and He was molding her into something that was better
  than when He started. She gave Him this ability willingly, eagerly and with
  love. 
Ana felt the plug slide in as she thought of the things she wanted made clear.
  His voice helped a lot as well. 
&quot;Now Ana this may seem strange but this is what I desire You to do if you
  will. I want you to take that long piece of ribbon and tie it. Place it around
  your waist and loop it back through your thighs between your ass cheeks, running
  it around the base of the plug. The pulling it tightly through your labia so
  that it sits right against your pearl, meatus and vaginal canal. Now pull it
  up and tie it securely where you started at the waist. Oh and Ana make sure
  there is no slack. You wouldn't want the plug to fall out while you are shopping,&quot; Wes
  whispered out. 
Ana's heart stopped. Shopping! Plugged? Foreboding was to late it was here
  and she was now trapped. Her sharp intake of breath caused Wes to chuckle as
  He began to instruct her. 
&quot;I know you and hubby are going to the store and it is 25 miles one way. So
  you will be bending twisting and having to walk through Wal-Mart with that
  plug in your ass, a dress on and the ribbon will be an interesting twist. I
  wonder Ana what you will be thinking? Can anyone see the plug sticking out
  of your ass as you bend forward or walk? With no underwear on what if it falls
  out? Yet the ribbon should keep it in sufficiently. What about your husband
  do you think He will be able to smell the slut you are? Tell me Ana what you
  are thinking about this and feeling,&quot; Weston's breath caressed out. 
&quot;Oh god Sir. What if it does fall out? What will I do? My heart is slamming
  against my chest, my pussy is throbbing with need. I am already so wet I am
  afraid there is a spot on my dress. I am afraid I will fail you or that I will
  fail myself and run at the first opportunity that arises. As for husband I
  am not to worried but we will see what happens. Perhaps He won't notice,&quot; she
  replied. 
Wes told Ana to lay back on the bed and to play with her clit. Moving the
  ribbon around to the side of it she did. His voice captivated her and propelled
  her into another world. Eyes closed as fingers fluttered over the swollen nub.
  Gasping as the heat was building faster than it every had. Ana was rocking
  against the butt plug driving it deeper in as her mind conjured His cock buried
  in her tight hot ass. Ana was thrashing as the cunt juices began soaking the
  ribbon between her shaved lips and down the crack of the pale ass. Shaking
  now with need as the release drew closer and closer. Finally hearing Him telling
  her to cum. Ana screamed in ecstasy as the pent up sexual frustration was released
  in one huge spasm wracked with millions of tiny ones. 
Ana lay upon the bed breathless, euphoric and happy. Then she remembered her
  task. Wes was pleased with her orgasm and she got a soft growl from Him. Mmmmmmmm
  Ana thought of Wes's cock in her mouth. She wanted so bad to taste Him. To
  be found worthy to suck His cum from the tip of His thick shaft. She knew she
  had to earn this and it drove her to do more and more of what He desired from
  her. 
&quot;You are heading out to the store now Ana?&quot; Weston asked. 
&quot;Yes Sir in about 20 minutes he will be here.&quot; Ana answered. 
&quot;Good, now while at the store I want you to pick up some more ribbon, some
  clove oil, some type of peppermint toothpaste and a few other things,&quot; Wes
  said. 
Ana thought of the things He asked for. The ribbon felt so good she was loving
  it and enjoying the feeling. The clove oil she felt her ass tighten as she
  had heard all about clove oil. Ana was still in a dream like state but she
  heard everything He said. He spent the last few minutes making sure she was
  ok and not worried about anything. He wanted her to call Him first thing when
  she awakened and be prepared to give Him details of the trip. 
Ana said bye to Wes just as her husband pulled into the driveway. Ana met
  him outside ready to go and they picked up their little girl and headed to
  Wally world. Ana could feel ever pot hole as she stretched to drive to the
  store. The ribbon was so tight as she changed gears. They arrived at the store
  an Ana could smell her cunt. Amazing how dominant the smell was to her. She
  was worried about being smelled. The apprehension made the heart race and pound.
  Feeling faint almost but the biggest thing was as she got out of the car the
  plug shifted and she just knew people would indeed be able to see a bulge at
  the back of the dress. The air wrapped up between the wet thighs cooling the
  area as the ribbon began to rub hard against the soaked pussy. 
Moving through Wal Mart emerald eyes landed upon everything and her mind raced
  with thoughts of just what He might think of to put her in some type of predicament
  with that. She quickly gathered the things He had requested. The ribbon was
  cutting into the flesh and sawing back an forth with each new step. She found
  she could not bend over and had to have her husband bend for her. She explained
  she had hurt her back and all was well on that front. Her cunt was juicing.
  She could smell it and purposely walked past the air freshener aisle and the
  cologne trying to find anything to mask the pungent odor that was consuming
  her nose. She just knew others could smell her. She was hurrying through the
  store as she knew as soon as she got home she could remove this pretty ribbon
  that was no longer so pretty to her. The plug stayed in place but the tissue
  around the puckered ass and vulva, clit and etc was rubbed raw. 
Standing in line was a huge problem for Ana. She sat looking around at everyone
  nearby. Wondering if they were watching her. Or even worse inhaling that scent
  she could smell so well. She could feel her dress against the butt plug and
  she kept looking back to see if it was sticking out. Her mind a frenzy as to
  what if it is omg. What would someone thing seeing this flat object pressed
  against the dress. She kept looking to her husband's face for signs of anything
  odd. Trying desperately to keep it together as she waited and waited in line. 
Ana was almost dazed as she left Wal Mart. Her pussy was throbbing with need
  once more but at the same time she was hurting and raw from the ribbon. She
  had no idea the ribbon could do something like this to her. She was still in
  shock as she went to get in the car and had trouble sitting upon the seat.
  The plug was now very uncomfortable but she had not choice but to sit and shove
  it back in place. Gasping loudly as it moved. Her mind was focused on her pussy
  raw, hot, and also a feeling of decadence. 
They had one more stop. She had to get her daughter ice cream. She was so
  irritated she was about to snap everyone's head off and then she remembered
  His words. It is not their fault you are in this predicament so do not take
  it out on them. If your daughter wants something to eat you will stop and go
  in and allow her to eat it within a reasonable amount of time. Thankfully she
  didn't want to eat there she just wanted to get the cone and ride on home.
  The 30 min drive seemed to drag on for hours. Ana was in agony by the time
  she reached home. She also knew that her husband could smell her sluttish self.
  Blushing as the car seemed to reek with the cunt's pussy. 
Ana arrived home and got out of the car as quickly as possible. She could
  not wait to get inside. She had to hurry and yelled over her shoulder that
  she had to go to the bathroom. Of course the key wouldn't cooperate and she
  spent even more time with that torture harness in place. Silently thinking
  ohh He got me this time. Pretty ribbon her bottom. Rushing to the bathroom
  trying to stay calm as she began untying the knots. Of course by now they were
  so tight untying was not an option. Ana began searching for scissors. Fingers
  finally landing upon a pair. Slicing through that pretty green ribbon. Feeling
  the relief as it released the now tenderized flesh. Ana's pussy felt like steak
  after beating it with a pointed mallet. 
Ana stashed the ribbon and removed the butt plug. Bringing it to her face
  to smell the pungent odor. Thankful there was no residue or soiling. Knowing
  full well if it had been His cock or one of His implements she would have been
  sucking the soiled material from the plastic. Shivers raced up and down her
  spine at the thought of this. Would she be able to do something like that or
  would she balk? Ana had no doubt in her mind she would do whatever Wes asked
  of her because in her mind He had found what she was and brought this out to
  the surface. He had also found her darkness and shed a huge spotlight on it
  for His use. 
Ana was a slut, a whore, a fuck toy, a naughty bitch. Ana was proud of these
  things as she had never been before. Before this day Ana had thought being
  those things were bad. Now she knew she didn't have to cringe when the word
  slut was called at her. She would hold her head up and think yes I am a slut
  but only to One that makes me that way. 
Ana talked to Sir the next day after writing her assignment. Ana's pussy stayed
  raw for days and days. Every time she looked at ribbon she shuddered. She began
  to see everything in a new light. Thinking about just what He could find to
  torment her with after doing such a wonderful job with the ribbon. Ana knew
  she would never forget that trip and was unlikely to ever want the ribbon again. 
niyah2 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niyahlove


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





