BDSM Library - Twilight Embrace




Twilight Embrace
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short story, originally written as a possible first chapter in a larger story for an anime based tentacle rape chat room.TWILIGHT EMBRACE
Diane stepped into the lab and marvelled as the light of the Portal filled
  her vision. It dominated the room, two feet above the floor in the center of
  the room and showing the bright light of an outdoors afternoon, though there
  was something wrong about the view to her eyes. Even knowing that the Portal
  was a window to another world, the actual sight of it caught her breath.  
She stepped towards it, the alien sunlight falling on her face. In the corner
  of her vision, she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the gleaming side
  panel of one of the cooling units. Her dark hair falling in rich cascades around
  her shoulders, framing her well-tanned face. Even from this distance, she could
  see the electric blue of her eyes and smiled slightly, knowing that those eyes
  had captured more than a few men's attention, and a few womens' as well, over
  the years. She let her glance trail down over the reflection of her smooth
  curves, even covered by the lab coat. She turned back to the portal, eyes drawn
  to the red glow that traced the edge of it, the region where the two universes
  overlapped&hellip;the region that could only be seen from at the edges&hellip;looking
  into the portal, she could only see the glade that was the other end of the
  Portal.  
"Ah, there you are, Hobson." Doctor Hennesy walked over, smiling widely,
  his hand extended. "I'm glad you decided to accept this assignment, your paper
  on the dimensional flux energy curves was very well received." He chuckled. "Except
  for the older heads in the council. But they hate anything that changes their
  status quo, and your theory will cut the electric bill here by a third if your
  theory proves out." He smiled warmly.  
"Do you usually hire theorists for field work?"  
"Not usually, but anyone hired for field work here has to understand what
  we're about&hellip;it may be very photogenic over there, but it isn't a resort
  community. Fafnir is not a gentle environment." They both turned and looked
  at the afternoon sun on the clearing in Fafnir. "Now you do understand, it's
  a lot like working as a fireman, you're on for forty eight hours straight,
  and off for twenty four to forty eight. Your option."  
"I understand, all that was in the briefing and the contracts."  
"You'll be able to take personal effects on your second shift, but the first
  one, you'll just have to make do with what's issued you and what the others
  there will share with you." He smiled and walked over to the control bank,
  began shifting a few positions on the indicators. "Are you about ready?"  
"No time like the present, Doctor."  
"Great." He hit two final switches and the Portal hummed, and she turned
  to it&hellip;the glow was a little brighter. "Now you do understand, even if
  you are one of the ones with an allergic reaction to the differences there,
  you won't be able to come back for forty eight hours? You'll be miserable the
  whole time, but the medical unit there is very good and you'll come back no
  worse for the wear."  
"Yes, sir."  
"Fine. Good luck, Ms. Hobson." He indicated the Portal, and stepped back.
  She stepped forward, swallowed nervously as she felt the slight tension as
  her fingertips touched the surface of the Portal. The give was like pushing
  her fingers in cold jelly and the electrical sparks ran up her arms. She swallowed
  and stepped forward, feeling the sparks and tension wash over her, and then
  she was on Fafnir.  
The air was warm and humid. She heard the wailing call of a dragon on the
  air, and trembled, glancing back as the Portal flared again behind her, then
  winked out. She drew in a sharp breath, and smelled the sharp citrus tang of
  alien flowers and glanced up at the green sky, only dimly visible through the
  heavy branches of the intertwined trees. She heard steps approaching, and turned
  to one of the paths that opened on the clearing. Two humans, one woman, one
  man entered the clearing, followed by three jikra.  
She glanced at the humans, and then focused on the jikra, staring, enthralled.
  Two of them were about three feet across at the body, and their tentacles held
  them up easily, moving with a smooth grace. She tried to remember what the
  college classes had told her about them, but the vision of their elegance kept
  all but a few details away.  
Moderate sized bodies, with the only bones in their body forming a skull
  of sorts around the central body, four eyes spaced equidistantly around the
  body, giving them a full three hundred sixty degrees of vision. Usually a golden
  brown in color, the larger of these had a black hue that glistened like polished
  or wet obsidian. Ten tentacles, capable of shifting thickness or firmness,
  their unique circulatory system capable of making a tentacle shift from almost
  gelatin soft to as hard as untempered iron. They had no gender as such, mated
  in pairs, but both were structurally the same, sharing genetic information
  to produce offspring. The larger jikra, the black one, was almost four feet
  across and the tentacles looked to be phenomenally long. It raised itself until
  the eye facing her was level with hers.  
"You must be Diane, welcome. I'm Amy and this is Henry." Diane blinked and
  turned to the two people. She noticed that one of the other jikra was using
  a few tentacles to weave together some reeds in a braided circle. It handed
  the circle to Henry, who took it, blushing. Amy was shorter than Diane, with
  red hair pulled back in a long ponytail. She was wearing what looked for all
  the world to be a one piece bathing suit, a bright red. Given the temperature,
  Diane had to admit it didn't seem like a bad idea. Amy's breasts were straining
  against the material of the top. Diane glanced down Amy's legs, and saw that
  she was wearing hiking boots, and the discrepancy of the two types of clothes
  made her giggle.  
Henry was tall, and lean, muscular, wearing shorts and a tank top, both khaki.
  He had black hair, and a thin beard. She noticed that he seemed very tired,
  and kept glancing over at the jikra that had handed him the woven reeds, obviously
  nervous.  
[You are the new one?] She blinked, and turned to the black skinned jikra.
  She'd heard about their telepathy, but had no idea that it would feel like
  this. She could hear the words form in her mind, feel a deep rich voice. It
  tickled slightly, but there was nothing physical about it. Her mind kept wanting
  to make it a male voice, but it wasn't quite that. The glistening emerald eye
  stared into her face. She felt a ripple of amusement from the jikra, puzzled
  at feeling the emotion, not like she was feeling it herself, but feeling an
  awareness of it.  
"Yes, I am." She smiled at Amy and turned to face the jikra again, intrigued.
  She'd heard that the jikra were intelligent, in the early iron age as far as
  most of their technology was concerned, but their medicine and biochemistry
  was years beyond human technology.  
"The camp is down this path, and the lake is over down this one." Amy smiled,
  and nudged Henry, who coughed and headed down the path towards the lake. "We're
  going that way, we'll be back in a little bit. I know it's kind of strange
  to leave you like this, but&hellip;" She looked embarassed, and turned to Henry.
  He shook his head and glared at her.  
"No, I won't. I won't back you on this, you want to say anything now, that's
  your decision, but I won't help you."  
"Henry!"  
[I think you should be quiet, Henry.] This voice should have been identical
  to the one from the black jikra, but she knew it was the golden one that had
  handed Henry the reeds. [Let's go to the lake.] The jikra began to edge towards
  the path and gestured with one of the tentacles for him to follow. He did,
  stopping at the edge of the clearing, and looked back, and Diane could swear
  he looked scared, but she also thought she saw pity in his eyes. Then he entered
  the path and stalked off.  
"Anyway, Diane, we find it easiest if the jikra themselves help you acclimate
  to being here. Than'ar here has volunteered to be your guide."  
"Than'ar?"  
"It's as close as the human tongue can come to his name."  
She turned to follow Henry. "I'll catch up to you in a little bit, okay?"  
"Sure." She turned to the jikra Than'ar, and it headed off to another path
  leading off from the clearing.  
[Follow me, human Diane.] The jikra moved smoothly into the patch, reaching
  up with it's tentacles and pulling itself off of the ground, leading her through
  the pathway without returning to the ground until they reached the far point,
  almost a mile away, a small clear patch at the edge of a cliff. [This is my
  favorite place to spend time alone. The view appeals. One can watch the dragons
  from here many times.] It edged over to the edge of the cliff and settled down,
  gesturing with it's tentacles and pointing out several physical features, the
  lake where she could dimly make out human figures playing, and the cluster
  of small buildings that marked the human camp.  
"It's quite lovely. Thank you, Than'ar."  
[I hope you will find it enjoyable here. Almost every human who has come
  here considers Fafnir to be a new home.]  
"That sounds rehearsed, if you don't mind my saying so." She felt the jikra
  chuckle.  
[Very perceptive, human Diane.] The jikra edged over closer to the edge of
  the cliff, and pointed out a pair of dragons as they leapt into the air. [I
  don't understand how you humans think, so I learned a few phrases that I heard
  others use&hellip;I thought it might help put you at ease.]  
"I know you're alien, and I know that your kind and mind don't think alike&hellip;" she
  shrugged. "Part of my being here is wanting to learn how your kind think."  
[And learning how your kind thinks is part of why I spend time in your camp.]
  She felt it chuckle. There was a tingle on her cheek and she pulled back, realizing
  that Than'ar had just trailed the tip of one tentacle across it. The tingle
  spread, and she remembered what she'd heard about the chemicals of their skin
  and how they interacted with human skin. The effect was supposed to clarify
  human thought, but slow physical reaction. She could feel the cheek growing
  numb as the tingle spread, then the numbness was replaced with a warmth that
  she found intoxicating. The jikra touched her hand lightly, and she felt her
  right hand get lost in the tingle quickly.  
"What&hellip;what are&hellip;" She stepped back, and heard the jikra chuckle
  again. A tentacle grazed her calf and began to trail up her leg. She pulled
  back and stared at the creature, suddenly afraid. She turned and started to
  run down the path, heading for the clearing. Her leg, tingling, gave her a
  little trouble, but she found her stride soon, and was running as fast as she
  ever had at a track meet. She heard a rustle behind her and risked a glance
  behind her without slowing her pace.  
The jikra was pulling itself along through the branches, swinging with a
  smoothly practiced ease, moving faster than she was without ever nearing the
  ground. She moaned softly and began running harder. She felt something snare
  her ankle and she fell, then felt the grip on her ankle tighten and she knew
  that the jikra had her leg in one of its tentacles' grip. She landed face down,
  hard, the wind knocked out of her for a moment, and felt the creature settle
  over her, several tentacles grabbing her now, one on each leg, one on each
  arm, holding her firmly down. The tingle spreading from each touch was overwhelming
  now, her nerves afire and her mind racing. She felt her lab coat torn away
  and began to struggle, feeling a pair of tentacles sliding up the insides of
  her thighs. She moaned and twisted in the grip of the creature, feeling the
  tentacles pull her pants away and shred her panties with a few sharp jerks.  
She screamed, and a tentacle pushed itself into her mouth, swelling once
  behind her teeth. She bit down hard, and felt the skin of the creature harden
  against her bite. The swelling inside her mouth continued until her jaw was
  forced wide open, mouth full. A small tendril at the end of the tentacle pushed
  into her throat, leaving her room to breath, but just.  
The tentacles holding her arms pulled harder to the side, as did the ones
  holding her legs until she was spreadeagled, taut, face turned to one side
  and mouth full. She felt one of the tentacles pressing against her ass and
  tried to scream again, but only a muffled whimper escaped her lips. Another
  tentacle probed against her pussy, and she jerked again, barely able to move,
  but determined to fight. Both tentacles pushed in at the same moment, waves
  of sensation so intense she almost lost consciousness in that intrusion.  
The member in her ass pushed slowly, steadily in, thickening and swirling
  as it followed the curves of her colon. The member in her pussy pushed in until
  she felt the pressure of being fully filled, then began to thicken, wider and
  wider until she tried to scream again. The tendril in her throat began to slide
  back and forth and the tentacles inside her began to do the same, with a slow
  steady rhythm.  
Her fingers clawed at the air and she felt tears pouring down her cheeks,
  overwhelmed at the sensations, the pain of the intrusions being met with a
  pleasure that baffled her. She felt like her own body was betraying her by
  finding any pleasure in the invasion. The slow pace was agonizing in the pleasure
  it gave as well, building the pleasure slowly. The pain was fading quickly
  and she wondered if the narcotic effect of the jikra's secretions was keeping
  her from feeling the pain. Then another fleeting thought of the narcotic making
  her feel pleasure and she sobbed to herself as the instrusion continued.  
The tentacle in her ass picked up pace, suddenly, hard and fast thrusting
  forcing her hips against the forest floor. The jikra shuddered, and she felt
  pressure increase in her ass for a moment. The tentacle withdrew, and slid
  down to grip her leg, while the one holding her leg let go and crawled up to
  push into her ass. Gradually, the creature twisted her around so that she was
  lying one her back, and the pace of the tentacle in her pussy began to pick
  up.  
She shuddered when it poured some fluid inside her, feeling for all the world
  like a man's cock cumming. Her fists clenched, and she struggled again as the
  tentacle withdrew, another one replacing it. This time there was no gradual
  motion, the tentacle began thrusting with a fast and frenzied pace. The two
  in her pussy and ass matched pace, thrusts rocking her body. The tentacle in
  her throat maintained a slow steady pace. She tried to bite again, feeling
  no give at all in the surface.  
Again, she felt the quivering thrusts and pouring that seemed to indicate
  an orgasm of some kind, and the two inside her lower body were replaced by
  two more tentacles. The pleasure she struggled against continued to build,
  and she whimpered in a growing passion, hating her body for enjoying the rape.  
She felt an orgasm building, and squirmed, trying to fight the sensation,
  but unable to keep from cumming, hard, screaming against the intrusion of her
  throat. Her vision blurred and she collapsed, feeling the thrusting continue,
  no longer having the strength to fight.  
She lost count, but knew that the jikra planned to continue until every tentacle
  had been inside her, one way or the other. Eventually, there was only the one
  in her mouth and one in her pussy, and she realized that her arms and legs
  were no longer being held. With dismay at her own body, she realized she was
  raising her hips into the thrusts from the tentacle in her pussy and embracing
  the creature, her hands clutching at it's body as it held itself just above
  her. She was raising up off of the ground and braced her feet against the ground
  to hold herself higher.  
The tentacle in her throat began to quiver, moving quickly with a steady
  pace, and she felt it pulling back as it began to pour a fluid into her throat,
  the creature making sure that some of it poured onto her tongue. There was
  a citrus taste to the fluid, a thick gelatinous texture. The jikra pulled out
  of her mouth and then just as suddenly withdrew from her pussy. The creature
  crawled away from her, stopping at the bole of a tree and she stared at the
  creature as she slowly pulled herself to a sitting position. She could feel
  the creature's chuckle again, and felt a moment of nausea, the fluid sitting
  heavily in her stomach, and she could feel more of the same fluid sliding from
  her pussy and ass.  
She rolled over onto hands and knees, trying to force herself to stand, but
  having trouble, fighting the physical disorientation, her mind racing. She
  stood and glanced over at the creature, noting that it had taken several reeds
  and seemed to be braiding them. She shuddered and staggered back down the path
  towards the clearing.  
Amy was standing in the clearing, and she stepped forward. Diane noticed
  that Amy didn't seem surprised, and in fact was holding forward a swimming
  suit like the one she'd worn.  
"Here, this should fit you." Amy frowned. "I'm sorry I couldn't warn you,
  but J'haka wouldn't let me."  
"Who?"  
Amy glanced over to one side, where one of the golden jikra was swinging
  idly from a tree's branch that extended into the clearing.  
"You know about the chemical contributions the jikra are making, right?"  
Diane nodded, feeling a cold horror build in her chest.  
"The government has a treaty with the jikra. They've found they like having
  sex with humans, so the government keeps them supplied. They take care of us,
  but we're still sacrifices to the jikra."  
"Oh, my god." Diane felt the nausea building again for a few seconds, then
  fought it down with effort. "I can't wait until I'm out of here."  
"Well&hellip;" Amy flinched, obviously uncomfortable with what she was about
  to say. "There's a problem with that, too. The jikra don't use sex to procreate&hellip;it's
  purely recreational for them. But you noticed that there was a secretion that
  was a little different than their usual?"  
Diane nodded, feeling her heart freeze for a moment.  
"The jikra do cum, but the fluid they generate is addictive. And specific."  
"Addictive? Specific?"  
"It's so addictive that you'll die if you don't get some of it at least once
  every three days." She coughed. "And it has to come from the specific jikra
  you first had it from, or it won't do you any good."  
Henry walked into the clearing then, he glanced over at the two women, then
  looked away, obviously embarassed.  
"They like men, too, and Henry hates it here."  
The black skinned jikra entered the clearing and handed her a woven circle
  of reeds. She felt the chuckle and it left the clearing without saying anything,
  heading down towards the human camp. Diane held up the circle.  
"What's this about?"  
"They don't think like us at all, but they do have a sense of humor. A sick
  sense of humor."  
Diane looked down at the circle and recognized it with a feeling of cold
  horror that topped the rest of her pain. It was a collar.  
"They think of us as slaves, don't they?"  
"Pets. We're pets."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slydreamer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





