BDSM Library - Princess Gwendolyn in The Castle of Pain




Princess Gwendolyn in The Castle of Pain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: With a tip of the hat to the great John Willie's Sweet Gwendoline, I have concocted a story about a medieval princess kidnapped (and put through her paces) by an evil Queen in co-operation with the step-mother of our hapless heroine. Will the pretty princess be rescued from her torments and live happily ever after? Hmmmmmm, let me think..... PRINCESS GWENDOLYN   
in   
THE
    CASTLE OF PAIN   
 By Llabmik   
Chapter
    1 - The Sweat Box   
 The naked blond princess squatted
    inside the iron sweatbox, her pale flesh cooking in the broiling sun. The
    heavy hot box sat in the centre of the deserted, sun-blasted courtyard of
    Queen Rowena's Counterpane Castle (affectionately known as The Castle of
    Pain to it's inmates). Waves of heat shimmered up from the surfaces of the
    black box.   
 Inside the sweatbox, the air was
    as wet as sweat soup. Hands bound behind her back, Princess Gwendolyn huddled
    in a ball, squatting hunched over, head between her knees, in the centre
    of the dark, airless container, carefully keeping her bare skin from touching
    the scorching metal of the box. Her spine screamed in pain, but given a choice
    between agonizing back pain and having her lily-white skin fried to a crisp,
    she chose the back pain.   
 Sweat welled up from every pore
    of her nude body. Her whip-welted buttocks were as oily as her high forehead.
    Sweat plastered her flowing golden tresses to her head and back. Sweat poured
    through her fine blond eyebrows, stinging her beautiful blue eyes. A rivulet
    of sweat ran down the valley of her sternum, channelling down the crack of
    her ass and running in a warm river over her cuntlips. Sweat slid in gathering
    beads down her ribs, over her flat belly and into her pubic hair. Sweat dripped
    from her nipples. Sweat trickled down her inner thighs. The intense heat
    leached her of all energy, enervating her to the level of a torpid turtle.
    After a while, her beet-red skin stopped sweating as her body reached a more
    advanced level of dehydration. Inside the burning metal box, her boiling
    brains were coddling in the fluids of her skull.   
 At high noon, a lone guard carried
    a bucket of piss water to the black sweatbox, which shimmered in the heat
    radiating from its surface. He opened the small iron grating and scooped
    out a ladleful to generously allow the parched princess to gulp down as much
    piss water as she liked. The guards, and indeed the Queen herself, had all
    donated generously. It had been boiled down until it achieved a dark yellow
    colour to concentrate its essence and render it tastier. In these circumstances,
    pee soup is best served hot.   
Her sandpaper
    dry throat and deep-fried brains prevented Princess Gwendolyn from questioning
    the dubious provenance of the dark yellow soup. The sniggering guard wasn't
    volunteering any information as he held the ladle of stale-smelling, brackish
    liquid to her paper-dry lips. Her heat-basted body wasn't really functioning
    beyond an overwhelming need for liquid replenishment.   
 Squatting like a toad, poor dehydrated
    Gwendolyn sipped gratefully at the putrid liquid. Highbred grace wasn't an
    option. When the first ladleful was empty, she shamelessly abandoned any
    pretence of gentility. Her pink tongue flickered out to lick greedily at
    the last small golden drops at the bottom of the ladle. The guard helpfully
    moved the scoop of the ladle so that she could tongue it thoroughly, inside
    and out, generously allowing her to lick up every bit of urinary goodness.   
 Her parched throat opened up, watered
    back to life by the brackish fluid. Her bloodshot blue eyes fixed obsessively
    on the bucket of life-giving liquid as the guard swirled the ladle around
    in it suggestively, lifting a scoopful and pouring it back into the bucket,
    tantalizing her bloodshot eyes with the sight of the dirty yellow liquid
    and bewitching her ears with the splash. She begged prettily for more, her
    voice croaking and cracking roughly. The Princess hoarsely expressed her
    thanks as the guard, at last, held the ladle up to her lips to graciously
    allow her to slurp up a second scoopful of pee soup.   
 Her skin began to develop an oily
    sheen as she resumed sweating heavily. The liquid allowed her cramped constipated
    bowels to move once again and she painfully evacuated hard, raspy turds in
    a humiliating fanfare of farts. Even for the coarse age she lived in, Princess
    Gwendolyn had developed a powerful body odour. The combined stench of urine,
    sweat, farts and shit choked the air around the sweatbox.   
The smirking
    guard wrinkled his nose in distaste, looking down his nose disdainfully at
    the squatting fetid princess. He worked silently, saying nothing as he slowly,
    teasingly filled her belly with urine, making her beg for each life giving
    scoopful. Only the Queen, her principal tormentor, was permitted to actually
    talk to the Princess. Everyone else rewarded her desperate queries and frantic
    pleadings with a stony silence.   
 Queen Rowena watched the performance
    from a second story window looking down on the courtyard. She spoke derisively
    to her lady-in-waiting.   
 &quot;The highborn bitch absorbs
    urine like a dry sponge.&quot;   
 Lady Charlotte, lady-in-waiting
    and muff-diver extraordinaire, curtsied respectfully.   
 &quot;She probably is very much
    drier than an ordinary dry sponge, your majesty. You have sweated her thoroughly.&quot;   
 Rowena nodded serenely.   
 &quot;Gwendolyn needed to drop
    a few pounds anyway. Her lily white skin will be lobster red by the end of
    the day.&quot;   
 The lady-in-waiting was warmly
    supportive.   
 &quot;She was far too pale, your
    majesty.&quot;   
 &quot;I've arranged for some vigorous
    exercise for her this evening.&quot;   
 &quot;An excessively delicate female,
    she will be the better for it, your majesty.&quot;   
 They giggled together.   
Chapter 2 - A Royal Workout   
 At the end of a roasting hot day,
    Princess Gwendolyn sobbed in gratitude as the soldiers extracted her nude
    body from the sweatbox. Every few hours, she had been graciously granted
    the opportunity to suck back as much of a bucket of piss as her severely
    dehydrated body could handle. Thoroughly marinated in urine, her bright red
    skin glistened with a sheen of oily perspiration.   
 Queen Rowena's voice reflected
    a mocking sympathy.   
 &quot;Your skin looks quite painful.
    You definitely need a cooling bath.&quot;   
 Before a dazed Gwendolyn could
    gather what thoughts remained in her deep fried brain, she found herself
    hoisted up by strong hands gripping her delicate wrists and slim ankles.
    She was carried, stark naked, spread-eagled in mid-air between the guards,
    into the stable and plopped into a deep trough filled with horse turds moistened
    by generous quantities of strong-smelling horse piss.   
 Her pretty head was pushed under
    as the stable hands went to work, pushing her down, making sure that she
    was fully submerged, completely bemerded from her pretty head to her dainty
    little toes. The strong stable hands groped her thoroughly, working horseshit
    into every opening and crevice of her young squirming body. They enthusiastically
    massaged it onto her tits. They worked it between her toes. Horseshit was
    slathered onto her crotch and buns. They worked it into her hair and smeared
    it onto every part of her pretty face. Her head was pulled up out of the
    trough. She parted her lips to gasp for air and scream as obscenely probing
    fingers pushed shit deep into her cunt. A handful of shit slapped into her
    gaping mouth rewarded her shrieks. Thoroughly revolted, she spat it out in
    disgust. Before she could gasp in any air, her head was shoved under again.
    She breathed in two deep lungfuls of horseshit and began to choke violently.   
 Laughing, the stable hands hoisted
    her out and threw her down on the hard stone floor. In a Medieval version
    of the Heimlich Manoeuvre, a helpful fist was buried in her diaphragm. Pinned
    by her wrists and ankles on her back on the stone floor, her exposed belly
    was pummelled pitilessly. Her wrists and ankles were released. Curling into
    a foetal ball, the gagging princess forcefully ejected large quantities of
    fecal matter from her lungs. She was allowed a few moments to commune with
    the contents of her stomach and lungs.   
Still
    coughing helplessly, the young princess was hoisted up by her wrists and
    ankles, carried onto the drawbridge and tossed into the moat. Unable to swim,
    she floundered wildly in stagnant water that contained all the effluent from
    the castle. When she had 'washed' herself in the cesspool to everyone's satisfaction
    and was on the verge of going down for the last time, the guards lowered
    a rope to her from the drawbridge. She grasped it desperately and they hauled
    her to shore.   
 Weak as a newborn kitten from her
    ordeal, Princess Gwendolyn was wiped dry. The Queen had her shackled upright,
    spread-eagled, stark naked, between two posts in the courtyard as darkness
    settled over the kingdom.   
 Queen Rowena retired to her chambers,
    instructing her servants to leave the bedroom unlit. She watched, smirking
    haughtily, from her darkened window over the courtyard as the peasants, lumpish
    clods little better than the beasts of the field, grimy, bemerded sons of
    the soil, crept into the courtyard and surrounded the helplessly exposed
    Princess Gwendolyn. No Lady would willingly consort with such lowborn brutes,
    preferring strong, clean-limbed men of good blood and noble ancestry.   
Out of
    consideration for the supposedly sleeping queen, a strong farm boy clamped
    his massive mitt over Gwendolyn's mouth to keep her quiet as the first rapist
    entered her. The Queen nevertheless heard faint snuffling squeals as the
    filthy, lowborn rapist grunted rhythmically between highborn Gwendolyn's
    parted, lily-white thighs. A small keening cry could be heard as Gwendolyn
    was entered from behind with a slimy peasant turd used as a rectal lubricant.   
 A long line of lusty, strong-smelling
    sons of the soil quietly spent the night opening Gwendolyn's holes in the
    dark courtyard, knowing better than to disturb their Queen's sleep. Satisfied
    at the sight of the pale naked body struggling between a brace of peasant
    rapists in the moonlight, Queen Rowena eyed her lady-in-waiting.   
 &quot;Aren't you a little over-dressed,
    Lady Charlotte?&quot;   
 Lady Charlotte stripped for her
    Queen with alacrity, revealing a buxom body to complement her lovely face.
    She had no desire to experience any of the dubious delights awaiting those
    who displeased Queen Rowena. She dropped to her knees as the Queen lifted
    her skirt and buried her lovely face in the Queen's moist crotch.   
 Gang banging lusty lowlifes is
    exhausting work, but a rape toy's work is never done as long as there are
    horny perverts to be entertained. As a result, after a gruelling night spent
    rubbing up to strong-smelling sons of the soil, poor naked Gwendolyn found
    herself the next morning sweating away deep in the bowels of the dungeon.   
Princess
    Diana winched a hogtied Princess Gwendolyn up a little higher until she was
    arching up nicely with her bare belly lightly brushing the floor. The rope
    extending upwards from the naked beauty's bound wrists and ankles stretched
    tautly to the ceiling. Princess Diana had jammed some of her soiled underwear
    into Gwendolyn's mouth and tied it in place with a silk scarf.   
Princess
    Diana was Queen Rowena's oldest daughter, the utterly depraved product of
    generations of royal inbreeding. Her cruel eyes slitted evilly as she wiped
    one of her royal boogers onto the end of a broomstick handle.   
"As we
    both know, a Princess should be decorous and demure."   
She rammed
    the broomstick handle into Gwendolyn's aching fuckhole and stirred vigorously.
    Gwendolyn screamed into her filthy gag.   
"I guess
    we're both falling down on the job!"   
Diana
    sniggered as she hooked out another booger with one of her long scarlet fingernails
    and wiped it on the broomstick handle. She gargled a bit at the back of her
    throat and spat a viscous yellow wad of phlegm on top of the glistening dewdrop
    of Royal Snot. As Gwendolyn screamed her way through another invasive penetration
    and brisk reaming, Princess Diana pushed a ringlet of her golden blond hair
    out of her cornflower blue eyes and looked thoughtful.   
"Everybody's
    been concentrating on opening your holes and stretching them in until they
    can accommodate even the most generously endowed lover. Your tits have been
    shamefully neglected!"   
Leaving
    the broomstick handle buried deeply in Gwendolyn's inflamed fuckhole; she
    had two burly guards pull over a set of rollers used to flatten cloth sheets.
    She smiled brightly at a gibbering Gwendolyn.   
"This
    machine is called a 'mangle'. Delightful name, eh?"   
She provided
    helpful details.   
"It's
    used for pressing cloth. Before it can be used, the rollers have to be heated
    up."   
As the
    guards placed the iron rollers over the fire, Gwendolyn eyes stared up at
    her pleadingly. Princess Diana loved the look. It made her day. Although
    they hadn't warmed her tits yet, fair Gwendolyn was sweating heavily.   
The guards,
    wearing heavy mittens, fitted the hot, smoking rollers onto the mangle. Diana
    picked up a pair of wooden tongs with one hand.   
"I wouldn't
    want to burn my fingers!"   
Her other
    hand dipped inside her dress. She began massaging her stiff clit.   
She tweaked
    one of Gwendolyn's nipples with the tongs and fed it between the rollers
    as one of the guards helpfully turned the crank. She nipped the other nipple
    and fed it into the mangle as well. Red-faced and shrieking, Gwendolyn frantically
    arched her heaving torso as far back from the machine as she could, resisting
    desperately as her bare breasts were broiled and flattened between the hot
    rollers. Gradually, she was pulled in until her chest was pressed hard against
    the smoking rollers. Her breasts protruded from the other side, bulging obscenely.   
Princess
    Diana was ecstatic, her face blissful as she worked her clit with both hands.
    The guards were feeling a bit frisky themselves as they toiled between the
    shamelessly masturbating princess and the naked one shrieking her brains
    out. A bit breathless, Princess Diana gave her next instruction.   
"Lets
    reverse those puppies!"   
The guards
    turned the handle the opposite way. Gwendolyn's battered and basted boobs
    were ground the other way. As soon as her poor pinched paps popped free of
    the rollers, her throbbing breasts instantly began swelling to obscene proportions.
    Between the bruising and the scorching, the near-bursting balloons on her
    chest were instantly catapulted to super blimp status.   
Princess
    Diana gave the guards the nod. They fell on Gwendolyn like the rabid fuck
    freaks they were. She watched approvingly as they untied her, jerked out
    the broomstick handle and spread-eagled her on her back on the floor. The
    head guard fell on top of her, raping his way savagely into her fuck hole,
    grabbed Gwendolyn's grotesquely swollen tits with both hands and squeezed
    hard. Gwendolyn's bare bod bucked violently as she shrieked dementedly into
    her gag.   
Princess
    Diana nodded approvingly.   
"That's
    much better."  
Chapter 3 &ndash; Traitoress   
On the
    raised podium for the defendant, facing the crowd, hands clasped together
    in front of her, the Duchess stood quietly. She had no choice. Her cone shaped
    hat with its attached filmy veil had been removed. A Scold's Bridle had been
    fitted over her head and locked in place to ensure her silence. A metal cage
    encasing her head with a thick spiked bar protruding into her mouth from
    the front, the Bridle encouraged her to keep her mouth wide open. The long
    sharp spikes lining the inside of the metal cage pointing at her head kept
    her stock-still. The metal chain fastening the top of the bridle to a pulley
    on the ceiling kept her standing tall and straight, chest up, tits out. Seated
    on her raised throne, Queen Rowena eyed the Duchess intently.   
 &quot;Crank her up higher! I want
    the insolent Duchess on tiptoe.&quot;   
 The metal chain was winched tighter.
    The Duchess desperately went up on tiptoe to avoid the spikes as the spiked
    cage encasing her pretty little head was tugged upwards.   
 &quot;Strip her!&quot;   
 The guards hastened to obey. Afraid
    that the smallest twitch would rip open her face on the spikes, the Duchess
    did nothing to resist. Her gold and silver jewellery with its large precious
    stones was removed with some reverence. The Duchess stood very still indeed
    as the guards untied the decorative cord holding her fur lined cloak over
    her shoulders. Her jewelled belt was unbuckled. The grinning guards helped
    her out of her elegant long woollen gown with its embroidered neck and fashionably
    long sleeves that could touch the ground. Rough male hands unlaced her fine
    linen underwear and pulled off her finely tooled leather shoes. In short
    order, the Duchess was showing everyone in the courtroom what she had to
    offer. Smooth milky white skin, shapely legs, a flat belly, full breasts,
    tight buns, dark red nipples and the fact that she dyed her naturally black
    hair red with henna were all embarrassingly obvious. An arm belatedly placed
    across her nipples and a small hand cupped protectively between her legs
    did little to hide her charms.   
 Queen Rowena waxed poetic as the
    naked Duchess pranced prettily on tiptoe before the crowd, blushing right
    down to her nipples.   
 &quot;You stand before the Queen's
    justice like a newborn babe. Naked and helpless you come into the world.
    Naked and helpless you stand before Justice. Your Queen will decide your
    fate.&quot;   
 Queen Rowena's words were chilling.   
 &quot;You are charged with Treason
    most foul. The punishment is death by dismemberment. How plead you? If you
    plead guilty, cover your breasts and genitals. If innocent, turn your back
    to the crowd and reach behind you with both hands. Put a hand on either cheek
    and spread them wide so all may see your anus, showing everyone that you
    have nothing to hide.&quot;   
 Slowly, reluctantly, the Duchess
    dropped her hands. Her blush deepened, spreading down to the top of her line
    of her black pubic hair, as grinning men nudged each other and sniggered.
    The women tittered as she carefully turned around and parted her dimpled
    buttocks to catcalls and derisive applause, exposing her wrinkled rectum
    to the crowd. The Queen was indulgent.   
 &quot;It looks like the Duchess
    could take a little more care in wiping herself after a bowel movement, but
    her plea of Not Guilty is duly noted.&quot;   
 Coarse laughs greeted this sally.   
 Belial, the mastiff trotted up.
    A huge, powerfully built dog, used in bull baiting, bear baiting and dog
    fights, it commanded enormous respect. Actually, when he wasn't fighting
    bulls and bears or ripping some other dog to shreds, he was a good family
    dog. A popular favourite in the fights to the death that were the brutal
    entertainments of the day, Belial mugged amiably for his many fans and admirers.
    The crowd laughed as the large dog sniffed the exposed crotch of the Duchess.
    She squealed frantically as it stuck its cold wet nose against her exposed
    anus. Excitedly, he jumped up and began humping her bare leg. Drooling over
    her tits, he spurted doggy cum over her naked thigh. The handlers gently
    removed him after he lost interest in his new love object and hopped down,
    giving her nipples a quick lick in the process. Queen Rowena chortled merrily,
    patting the huge dog affectionately on the head.   
   
 &quot;That's the same dog that
    will gulp down the bits and pieces the executioner carves off, if you are
    found guilty. He seems to like you already!&quot;   
 After the toadying laughter died
    down, the Queen got down to business.   
 &quot;If guilty, your lying tongue's
    protestations are worthless and, even worse, deliberately misleading.&quot;   
 Queen Rowena raised her eyes piously
    skywards.   
 &quot;If innocent, the good Lord
    will protect you. The defendant is therefore forcibly kept mute lest a lying
    tongue corrupt the gullible.&quot;   
 Rowena stared closely at the naked
    beauty, whose calves were trembling from the unaccustomed exertion. Small
    trickles of blood flowed where spikes had pricked her pretty face. Rowena's
    eyes narrowed to cruel slits.   
 &quot;Since the Lord protects the
    innocent, we will have a trial by ordeal.&quot;   
 She nodded briskly at the guards.   
 &quot;Allow her heels to touch
    the floor.&quot;   
 The Duchess looked relieved as
    the Bridle was lowered.   
 &quot;If the Defendant refuses
    to submit to a Trial by Ordeal, she should cover herself with her hands.
    If she is full and open, she should spread her legs wide, reach between them
    with both hands and part her genital lips as widely as possible with her
    fingers, signifying her receptiveness and complete openness.&quot;   
 Refusing the Trial by Ordeal was
    an instant admission of guilt and lead automatically to being gutted like
    a fish in front of an interested, though hardly sympathetic audience. The
    Duchess slowly reached between her legs. She took an enchantingly deep breath
    that lifted her tits nicely, brazenly spread her legs, parted her slit with
    both hands and showed the crowd a flash of gash.   
 &quot;Bring forward The Harridan's
    Horse.&quot;   
 An object resembling a heavy wooden
    sawhorse on wheels was wheeled out. Each wheel was off-centre on its axle,
    causing the horse to bob up and down and from side to side as it was wheeled
    before the Queen. The feature that gripped everyone's attention was the polished
    wooden dildo mounted on top. Staring at the wooden dildo, the eyes of the
    Duchess widened as she recognized it as a faithful reproduction of the late
    Duke's member, an exact replica right down to the small sword scar running
    down the side. The only difference was a matter of size. The late Duke hadn't
    been quite so large (at least, the Duchess had never managed to inflate him
    that much). She stared dumbfounded at the Queen, who winked slyly at her.   
 &quot;Duchess Merriweather! An
    august person of your stature would not be here, naked before the court,
    unless the most credible accusations of treasonable behaviour had been made.&quot;   
 The widowed Duchess, whose major
    crime was spurning, as gently as possible, the lewd lesbian advances of her
    Queen, remained silent and still, contemplating the error of her ways. Lady
    Charlotte and the other ladies-in-waiting, imperial muff divers all, smirked
    knowingly as Rowena instructed the Duchess.   
 &quot;The Bridle will be removed.
    You must maintain a strict and complete silence. The smallest protestation
    will force me to have your tongue removed to prevent your lies from influencing
    the credulous and will, furthermore, be construed as a confession of guilt.&quot;   
 The Queen liked to encourage correct
    behaviour.   
 &quot;Comport yourself like a noblewoman,
    co-operate fully, maintain a dignified silence, prove your innocence in the
    ordeal to come as you ride the Harridan's Horse and all will be well.&quot;   
 The Duchess wondered how much dignity
    she could bring to straddling a dildo, stark naked, in front of a sniggering
    ribald crowd. The cruel-eyed Queen graciously allowed the Duchess a small
    mercy.   
 &quot;In recognition of your position,
    and as a personal favour, I order the member to be anointed with pig's blood
    to ease its entry as you saddle up.&quot;   
 The hated bridle was removed. The
    Duchess watched with visible distaste as a flagon of dark red pig's blood
    was poured over the dildo. The Queen raised an admonitory finger.   
 &quot;Remember: silence, dignity
    and complete co-operation are what your Queen requires of you.&quot;   
 Without further ado, a soldier
    on either side of her gripped a milky white arm and lifted her by the armpits.
    The Duchess was hoisted high into the air over the horse. Her thighs were
    parted. She shuddered violently as she felt the cool, dripping member, slimy
    with coagulating pig's blood, slip inside her. Her feet were bent back and
    her ankles cuffed to the back legs of the Horse.   
 The Queen, who had been standing
    with her ear cocked conspicuously, was satisfied at the absolute silence
    of the ashen-faced Duchess as her fuckhole was spread wide and penetrated
    deeply. Everyone watched in helpful silence so that her smallest moan would
    have been audible. After the Duchess had settled in, and her dainty ankles
    strapped in place, the Queen squeezed her trembling thigh encouragingly.   
 &quot;Well done, Duchess! Sit up
    straight. Clasp your hands together behind your head and pull your elbows
    back.&quot;   
 The ample breasts of the Duchess
    lifted delightfully, swaying majestically as she obeyed. The Queen clapped
    her hands commandingly.   
"Gwendolyn!"   
Princess
    Gwendolyn, cleaned up, her hair coiffed, her pretty face carefully made up,
    clad in her royal finery, a diamond tiara on her head, stepped forward nervously.
    A roomful of men who had enjoyed her unwilling favours nudged each other
    and smirked as a visibly terrified Princess Gwendolyn curtsied respectfully.   
 &quot;Yes, my Queen!&quot;   
 &quot;You have generously 'volunteered'
    to assist in the Trial by Ordeal.&quot;   
 Poor Gwendolyn was thoroughly cored.
    Since being kidnapped to prevent her marrying to form an alliance between
    enemies of Queen Rowena, the fair Gwendolyn had been fucked over and abused
    thoroughly. Her hated stepmother, Queen Morgana, had assisted in the kidnapping,
    glad to be rid of a serious rival who had the ear of the King.   
 Lovely Gwendolyn was a very different
    woman from the haughty, indignant beauty who had arrived at Rowena's castle,
    squirming in a sack. A letter, thoughtfully forged by Queen Rowena with many
    thoughtful contributions by her stepmother, had caused her outraged and deeply
    embarrassed father to disown her, thinking his foolish daughter had eloped
    with a lowly stable boy rather than marry elderly King Ethelred for the good
    of the kingdom (elderly in this Dark Age meant that Ethelred was in his mid-thirties).   
Gwendolyn
    had never met King Ethelred, her intended betrothed. She had heard of the
    utterly depraved methods he used to deal with his enemies. She rather desperately
    hoped that he was one of those men who showed a hard side to the world and
    a soft side for his immediate family. She loved her father and, like all
    realistic princesses, was resigned to sacrificing herself for the good of
    her people. After all, King Ethelred had already reached the ripe old age
    of thirty-three. How much longer could he last?   
Her stepmother
    had cleverly defended her when she supposedly 'ran away' rather than perform
    her diplomatic purpose in life. Her father, the King, a strong-handed, simple-minded
    warrior, had majestically over-ridden Queen Morgana's foolish, 'womanly'
    objections. She was a delightfully seductive Queen, but the deeper statesmanship
    was obviously beyond her. It needed a man to make the hard decisions.   
 Princess Gwendolyn, who since her
    arrival had been publicly stripped and whipped, slapped and strapped, and
    thoroughly raped over by teams of drooling perverts, was quaking nicely.
    The fresh young woman who had arrived squirming in a sack was now visibly
    older, shabbier, dirtier and sluttier.   
 &quot;I will do whatever you command,
    my Queen!&quot;   
 Queen Rowena grinned.   
 &quot;Your loyalty is to be commended!
    Few decent, respectable women would have agreed to assist in this way.&quot;   
 &quot;I exist solely to serve you,
    my Queen!&quot;   
 Rowena glanced over the crowd of
    rapists knowingly.   
 &quot;It seems to me that you've
    both served and serviced a great many others.&quot;   
 The men chuckled appreciatively
    while Gwendolyn blushed prettily, stammering apologetically.   
 &quot;I-I-I meant that I serve
    you before all others, my Queen!&quot;   
 The Queen gripped Princess Gwendolyn's
    upper arm and was gratified to feel the young beauty quivering tremulously.
    She spoke very sweetly and soothingly.   
 &quot;Why don't you show everyone
    your royal contribution to the trial of the Duchess, my dear?&quot;   
 Princess Gwendolyn pulled her long
    gown up high above her waist, exposing her fine linen underwear. She untied
    the drawstring and dropped her drawers, exposing her beautifully rounded
    royal posterior. A grimacing servant held a silver tray with a fine china
    plate on it under her bum as she squatted down and began straining to excrete
    her 'contribution' while everyone watched. A fat, juicy turd slithered out
    of the royal rectum. The crowd applauded, hooting derisively as the red-faced
    Princess carefully wiped her bum, seeking to avoid any criticism from the
    Queen for lack of diligence. The servant placed the engraved silver tray
    with its steaming, fresh brown sausage on a small table in front of the Duchess.
    Gwendolyn pulled up her drawers, tied the drawstring and dropped her embroidered
    gown once more. Tears glistened in her eyes, but the young princess was hugely
    relieved at having performed adequately. The clearly spelled out consequences
    of failure didn't bear thinking about.   
 The Queen was patronising.   
 &quot;Good breeding tells. Her
    mother was a shameless foreign hussy! Like mother, like daughter. Isn't that
    right, Gwendolyn dear?&quot;   
 &quot;Yes, my Queen!&quot;   
 Rowena turned to the Duchess, who
    was staring wild-eyed at the fat royal turd placed in front of her.   
 &quot;My challenge to you is quite
    simple, Duchess Merriweather. You eat every particle of Gwendolyn's excrement
    and lick the bowl clean afterwards. If you throw up, you throw up into the
    bowl. You have fifteen minutes to consume it all and lick the bowl clean.
    You must keep it down for an hour afterwards while you silently ride the
    Harridan's Horse for the edification of the court. If you fail in any respect,
    we'll start by slicing off your nipples and feeding them to the dog, since
    he had a taste of them earlier.&quot;   
 Duchess Merriweather, a proud woman
    with a notoriously weak stomach, looked ill. The Queen sat down next to the
    naked beauty, picked up a silver spoon and scooped up a large helping.   
 &quot;Open wide!&quot;   
 The Duchess opened. Rowena placed
    the warm turd on the tongue of the Duchess. A helpful lackey turned over
    a small hourglass to count the time. The reeking stench assailed her nostrils.
    The crowd made noises reflecting their sickened disgust and watched avidly.   
 &quot;Chew!&quot;   
 Her watering eyes bulged as the
    Duchess closed her mouth. Gagging and retching, she struggled to obey. For
    the next 14 minutes, she repeatedly vomited and licked up the foul excreta.
    Rowena was encouraging.   
 &quot;It looks like you're going
    to lose your clit and nips in one minute if you can't keep it down this time.&quot;   
 Duchess Merriweather slurped up
    every brown drop from the bowl, resolutely clamped her lips shut and swallowed
    convulsively, eyes watering, snot dribbling from her nose. Doggedly, she
    kept it down as the last trickle of sand ran out of the 15-minute hourglass.
    The Queen was visibly pleased as she contemplated the red-faced, hard-panting
    beauty.   
 &quot;Excellent! Now for your horsy
    ride!&quot;   
 Her ankles were uncuffed from the
    back legs of the Horse. She placed her bare feet in two stirrups that dangled
    down from the crossbeam in front of her. The Queen's cruel eyes slitted with
    pleasure.   
 &quot;Your challenge is to stay
    on the horse and keep down your yummy meal for the next hour. Remember, if
    you touch the Horse with your hands to steady yourself, you are guilty. If
    you vomit, you are guilty. If you fall off the Horse, you are guilty. If
    you make the smallest sound, you are guilty.&quot;   
 The Queen smiled sweetly.   
 &quot;In other words, all you have
    to do is behave with the silent dignity and proper decorum that befits a
    Lady of your elevated station and all will be well!&quot;   
 A much larger hourglass was turned
    over and the Duchess began a long hard-humping ride.   
   
 The four wheels of the horse weren't
    even close to being centred on their hubs. As a team of oxen led by the Queen's
    torture master tugged hard on the ropes to pull the horse around the courtyard
    circling the crowd, it lurched and bobbed violently, swaying from side to
    side and back to front like a bucking bronco. Duchess Merriweather's big
    bare breasts lurched and bobbed violently too, reflecting every jiggle and
    shudder of the Harridan's Horse over the rough cobblestones of the courtyard.
    Lips pressed firmly shut, her knees gripped the crossbeam between her legs
    determinedly as she clamped her cunt tightly onto the thick dildo sliding
    obscenely up and down between her pale parted thighs. She kept her hands
    clasped firmly atop her head to prevent any accusation that she had inadvertently
    touched the Horse as it bucked violently between her legs.   
 Sweat soon covered her shuddering,
    juddering torso. The blood between her legs wasn't all pig's blood as the
    hour wore on and the dildo sawed in and out brutally, despite her efforts
    to keep her cuntlips kissing the crossbeam at all times. Every vein and artery
    stood out, throbbing hard, in her beet red face.   
 Despite the best efforts of the
    torture master, his team of oxen jerking the Harridan's Horse in agonisingly
    violent fits and starts, a grim-faced Duchess Merriweather stayed the course.
    The last trickle of sand trickled through the hourglass and the oxen stopped.
    The Queen slapped Duchess Merriweather's sweat-slick rump approvingly.   
 "Believe me, I'm glad that you
    have passed this Ordeal so that you can continue to serve your Queen!"   
 Her eyes flickered down to the
    crotch of the Duchess Merriweather in a small, but to the Duchess, a very
    significant way.   
 "You may speak now! I would hate
    to be forced to repeat this exercise. Tell me, are you eager to serve your
    Queen in every way?"   
 The ashen-faced Duchess nodded
    submissively, understanding completely, knowing she couldn't possibly survive
    this a second time.   
 "I will do anything my Queen requires."   
A cloak
    was placed over her shoulders to cover her nakedness. She was gently lifted
    from the horse, the thick blood-slick dildo slipping out from between her
    legs. As she stood, bright red blood trickling from her swollen, burning
    cunt down the inside of her thighs, she had a simple, but slightly malicious
    question for her Queen. She didn't want to be the only one to suffer.   
"May I
    know my false accuser?"   
 Queen Rowena glanced at Princess
    Gwendolyn in a way that the crowd could not mistake.   
 "Don't worry. I'll discipline her."   
 Gwendolyn paled, hysterically protesting her innocence as the guards hustled
  her off.  
PRINCESS
    GWENDOLYN   
In   
THE CASTLE
    OF PAIN   
 By Llabmik   
   
Chapter
    4 &ndash; Cum Bucket   
 In her bedroom, the Queen sighed
    as she pulled up the front of her nightdress to allow Lady Charlotte to bury
    her face in her crotch. It was the muff-diving end to another busy day.   
 She watched out the window as four
    men carried Princess Gwendolyn to the centre of the courtyard. The delicate
    blond beauty was tied naked on her back to a wooden bench. Her lily-white
    ass rested on one end of the bench, slightly over the edge. Her shapely legs
    were spread wide and tied to the bench legs. Her knees were tied to open
    them as wide as possible and expose her completely. The other end of the
    bench reached just to the base of her neck, so her pretty head hung down.
    Her golden hair had been pulled down and a leather strap cinched tight over
    her forehead making her head vertical, upside down and at right angles to
    her body. Two grooved, hard wooden jaw spreaders were wedged in tightly between
    the molars at the back of her jaw to keep her mouth open and available. As
    a result, her lips were stretched obscenely wide.   
 Once Lady Charlotte was carpet
    munching to her satisfaction, Queen Rowena pulled up the back of her nightdress,
    baring her bum. Duchess Merriweather quietly dropped to her knees behind
    her. Her cunt burned between her legs as she brown nosed in between the Royal
    buttocks and inserted her tongue into the Royal rectum. The now familiar
    harsh bitter taste of excrement rolled over her tongue as the Queen excreted
    a small turd for her to gulp down. Duchess Merriweather's Adams apple bobbed
    as she swallowed dutifully.   
 Lady Charlotte inserted two fingers
    into the dripping Royal cunt and skilfully fingered Rowena's g-spot as she
    gently lapped with her warm wet tongue at Rowena's stiff throbbing clit.   
 In the courtyard, the evening's
    entertainment was just beginning. The Queen arched her back in pleasure as
    she watched seven inches of cock ram into Princess Gwendolyn's throat. At
    the other end of the raping bench, the force-fucker between her legs spat
    on his cock to lubricate it and jammed his thick prick into her temporarily
    dry sex. The Queen could hear Gwendolyn's thin, choking squeal as he started
    to pump. The two rapists soon developed a rhythm and were two-timing the
    Princess with thrusts that rocked the squeaking bench back and forth between
    them.   
 Queen Rowena's fat, lazy guards
    watched down from the battlements, watching absently when they weren't busy
    sleeping, gambling with dice and bones or relieving themselves on a serf
    passing below. They'd had their fill of the highborn bitch. They were content
    to let the lower orders slime her holes.   
 Two long lines of hard, horny,
    filthy peasants had formed at either end of the raping bench. Rowena watched
    avidly as the line shuffled ahead. The cruel Queen's sharp eyes glinted with
    satisfaction as she saw Gwendolyn's throat convulse as a load of man oil
    was piped between her gaping lips. Gwendolyn struggled awkwardly to swallow
    as the sperm filled her mouth, but it was hard given the way her head was
    bent back, held firmly in place by the strap. As rapist after rapist shot
    his load into her throat, cum dribbled over her lips. A thick gooey white
    line trailed over her cheeks, down into her eyes and over her forehead. Gwendolyn's
    pale white body rocked under the unrelenting thrusts of fucker after fucker,
    as she was team creamed from face and crotch. Her bare breasts bobbed rhythmically
    when they weren't being squeezed and twisted, fingermark bruises clearly
    visible on her alabaster skin. Each hard-driving rapist tried to bury himself
    as deeply as possible inside her unwilling orifices.   
 It wasn't long before the young
    Princess could no longer breath through her nose. Her nostrils were plugged
    with cum that overflowed from her gaping mouth. Cum pooled in her eye sockets,
    blocking out her sight, locking her deep into a touchy-feely world of brutally
    invasive sex. As evening progressed into night, cum flowed down her long
    blond hair to the floor.   
 Queen Rowena crested from orgasm
    to orgasm. Her eyes narrowed to pleasure-filled slits as she watched a long
    line of shabby, ill-dressed, unbathed peasants fill Gwendolyn's pussy and
    mouth with their vile, disgusting sperm. Throbbing painfully between her
    legs, Gwendolyn's labia were grotesquely swollen. Between rapists, the muscles
    of her pussy would no longer contract and remained spread open.   
 Eventually, Rowena couldn't even
    make out the details of Gwendolyn's genitals, blurred and covered with cum
    - sticky, milky, gelatinous sperm. It oozed from her hole. It covered her
    crotch, saturating her pubic hair. It flooded and dripped to the courtyard
    floor between her spread legs. Her belly was slimed thoroughly.   
 Rowena grinned wickedly as yet
    another lowborn beast started pounding into young Gwendolyn. Again and again
    the scene was repeated: the rapist's hips thrusting, slamming forward, between
    her spread thighs and between her forcefully parted lips.   
   
 Gwendolyn was now just a generic
    fuck doll. Her face was a big slimy blob of white ooze with the only dark
    patch being the cavern of her mouth. Deep pools of cum filled Gwendolyn's
    eye sockets. The white viscous substance ran down her cheeks, dribbling off
    her face in long sticky strands to the floor. Her forehead was covered, cum
    ran down her long hair, the long gooey strands of hair clumped together and
    delivered rivers of cum to the floor. Cum had flowed deep into her sinuses.
    She could only breath gaspingly between thrusts of the cocks that filled
    her mouth. Bubbles burbled up her nostrils as she tried to gulp in much needed
    air. She swallowed pints and pints of cum. When she could swallow no more,
    her belly full, it gathered in pools in her mouth. Cum spurted from her mouth
    as she spewed up the vile substance, only to have more pumped in.   
 Rowena retired to bed with Lady
    Charlotte. The Duchess slept on the floor beside them like a loyal dog. The
    mastiff, more favoured, slept up on the bed, at its mistress's feet. The
    women in the bedroom fell asleep to the rhythmic squeaking of the raping
    bench as Princess Gwendolyn toiled on into the night.   
 Rowena awoke early and looked out
    the window to see how the Princess had fared overnight. When the men had
    stopped using Gwendolyn, cum had flowed out of her gaping sex. Her nude body
    was completely covered, coated with wriggling sperm and spermatic juice.
    Her slimy breasts rose slightly with each breath. Ejaculated lines of cum
    marked her belly and criss-crossed her tits. Her head was a disgusting, slimy,
    cum-covered mess. Her eyes were invisible under twin pools of peckersnot.
    Great globs of cum hung oozing from her face, coating her forehead and cheeks.
    Her nostrils were filled to overflowing with spunk, which had drained back
    down into her throat through her nose. Unbroken streams of cum ran from her
    head to the floor, flowing over, and saturating completely, her beautiful,
    smooth, long golden hair. It was hard to believe that the oozing disgusting
    thing spread on the bench, was a Royal Princess.   
 Queen Rowena grinned. At her side,
    Lady Charlotte tittered.   
 &quot;She looks like a real breeder
    to me.&quot;   
 The Queen snorted.   
 "I've seen rutting swine that looked
    better!"   
 "She's going to produce a royal
    bastard if she keeps rutting at this pace, your majesty."   
 Rowena nodded serenely.   
 "The slimy sow will probably squeeze
    out a whole litter of illegitimate piglets!"   
 Duchess Merriweather lay on the
    floor, looking up sleepily. Hitching up her nightgown, Rowena squatted down
    over the pretty face, nestling her crotch over the gaping mouth of the Duchess,
    catching her in mid-yawn. Kneeling on the floor, facing the torso of the
    Duchess, she spread her knees wide and worked her bare feet under the back
    of the Duchess' head, forcing the pretty face of the Duchess into her bared
    crotch with her patrician nose buried in the Queen's butt crack. Rowena opened
    her bladder and urinated into the gaping mouth, wrapped warmly and wetly
    around her pee-hole. The Duchess gulped convulsively to swallow the hot salty
    liquid.   
 When she was done, she humped her
    cunt lewdly over the pretty face and stood up. She stretched extravagantly,
    bouncing her breasts playfully as her ladies-in-waiting swarmed around, kissing
    and licking her intimately before dressing her.   
 PRINCESS GWENDOLYN   
In   
THE CASTLE
    OF PAIN   
 By Llabmik   
Chapter
    5 &ndash; Training A Trollop   
 Queen Morgana, Gwendolyn's stepmother,
    had decided to play a quick visit while the King was off on a hunting expedition
    to a neighbouring kingdom, a trip that combined diplomacy with pleasure.
    Morgana had definite ideas on the education of a Royal Princess.   
 "Queen Rowena, I'm sorry to confess
    that when I arrived as the King's new bride, I found that my step-daughter's
    education had been sadly neglected. I see that she still is pathetically
    ignorant in the womanly arts."   
 Rowena's eyes glittered. Morgana
    was a woman after her own cruel heart.   
 "How so?"   
 "Mind you, you've done wonders.
    She used to be such a shy girl. You've helped her to loosen up quite remarkably."   
 Rowena nodded.   
 "And yet?"   
 "And yet, she just lies there.
    Men prefer a lively wench."   
 "Very true! Perhaps you would care
    to give her a little coaching? Give her a few step-motherly tips?"   
 Morgana smirked.   
 "Exactly!"   
 A short time later, the two Queens
    sat on their thrones, as Princess Gwendolyn was frog marched in by the muscular
    torture-master and forced to her knees before them. Gwendolyn was sullenly
    defiant.   
"You're
    scum, Morgana, unworthy to be my father's Queen!"   
Morgana
    shook her head sadly as she spoke to her kindred soul, Queen Rowena.   
"More
    poisonous than a serpent's tongue is an ungrateful child!"   
Queen
    Rowena was warmly supportive.   
"And after
    all that you've done for her!"   
The two
    Queens laughed together, bitch buddies bonding beautifully. Rowena addressed
    the guards briefly.   
"Strip
    the insolent slut. Sexual deprivation is chilling her heart. See that you
    warm her thoroughly!"   
Queen
    Morgana smirked in satisfaction as Princess Gwendolyn was stripped of her
    clothing and spread-eagled on her back. Morgana noted the look of zoned out
    resignation on Gwendolyn's face as the palace guards dropped their drawers
    for the now familiar gang bang.   
"Is that
    the way to welcome your guests, Gwendolyn?"   
Morgana
    instructed the torturer briskly.   
"Pry her
    dainty little toes apart and jab a few heated needles in between them to
    teach her to smile prettily at her guests."   
Gwendolyn's
    beautiful blue eyes bulged as her slender, delicate toes were prised apart.
    The torturer pulled hot needles out of a small brazier with a pair of small
    pliers.   
The needles
    hissed as they were jabbed into exquisitely sensitive flesh. Gwendolyn face
    flushed red as she sucked in a hasty breath and emitted a high, tit-shaking
    scream of pure agony.   
Queen
    Morgana cooed gently at Gwendolyn panting nakedness.   
"This
    all could have been avoided if you would just remember your manners and smile
    prettily at your lovers. Let's see a nice big smile, my dear."   
Gwendolyn
    hurriedly slapped a smile on her face as she looked up at the massive brute
    kneeling between her legs waiting eagerly to plunge his dripping member home.   
Queen
    Rowena had a small suggestion.   
"Perhaps
    if she could pump her hips invitingly?"   
Hurriedly,
    with a nervous glance at the needles heating in the brazier, Gwendolyn humped
    her hips lewdly. Queen Rowena nodded approvingly as the heavyset guard slammed
    himself on top of Gwendolyn, thrusting violently, rutting like a bull in
    heat. Gwendolyn grunted and struggled to breath underneath his massive bulk.   
"Tough
    love. It works wonders!"   
They watched,
    smirking in silence, as the guard emptied himself copiously into poor panting
    Gwendolyn's pussy and withdrew. Oyster juice oozed from her inflamed cunt
    and formed a small puddle between her legs. Morgana eyed the situation critically.   
"Torturer,
    I think she needs a few more needles to teach her to use her tongue, to scrub
    her breasts against her lover's chest and to squeeze her thighs together
    around her lover's hips to tighten her cunt."   
Gwendolyn
    begged and pleaded as the torturer pried her dainty little toes apart. Her
    promises to improve were cut short by her full-throated screams as the needles
    hissed wickedly between her toes.   
As Gwendolyn
    stared at the thin rapist clambering into position between her legs, fondling
    his large throbbing member to full erection, Queen Rowena added her thoughts.   
"You should
    point your toes prettily and use your hands to stroke loverboy enthusiastically."   
Gwendolyn
    snaked her tongue into his mouth, moaning ecstatically, massaging the thin
    rapist nervously, as he pumped fast and furious, hammering at her pussy like
    an oversize woodpecker. Rowena had a whispered consultation with Morgana.   
"Let's
    see how she does on top, next."   
Morgana
    surveyed the line-up of force fuckers speculatively.   
"Perhaps
    we should wait until after the big mountain of blubber. He should definitely
    be on top to teach her the value of speed. The old one behind him can be
    underneath, while she straddles him and does all the work on top, being judged
    according to a time limit. After that, perhaps a blow job for the grimy one?"   
Queen
    Rowena nodded agreeably.   
"Variety
    is important! A naive young girl like Gwendolyn has to learn that every lover
    is a different challenge."   
As poor
    naked Gwendolyn disappeared, squealing, under a mountain of blubber, the
    two Queens chortled happily. They spent the rest of the day putting Gwendolyn
    through her paces.   
Everyone,
    except Gwendolyn, turned out the next morning to see Queen Morgana off. After
    being fucked over night and day, Princess Gwendolyn had passed out, but Morgana
    was forgiving.   
"Just
    make sure that the dirty little trollop gulps down a good breakfast, naked
    on her knees, washed down with lots and lots of man milk."   
The two
    Queens kissed sweetly, but not too innocently, and parted company. 
Chapter
    6 &ndash; Cum-uppance   
There
    are disadvantages to sleeping in the raw. Queen Rowena awoke with a start
    as the bedcovers were peeled off her nude body.   
King Ethelred
    grinned down at her while strong hands grasped her wrists and ankles, spread-eagling
    her naked figure for his delectation. He gestured at the bodies of her guards,
    slumped in pools of their own blood by the open doors to her bedchamber.   
"I fired
    your guards for incompetence."   
He eyed
    her nude form appreciatively.   
"Not bad
    for an old broad!"   
Queen
    Rowena glared up at him.   
"You!
    What in God's name do you think you're doing?"   
He gestured
    at Princess Gwendolyn, grinning wolfishly at his side.   
"I'm reclaiming
    my future Queen! Your careless, sleepy-head guards weren't alert enough to
    be aware of a stealthy attack in the night by battle-hardened men. Taking
    it all by stealth and avoiding a long siege means that I get all the goodies
    in your kingdom intact."   
He grinned
    down at the panting naked Queen.   
"You are
    included amongst the 'intact' goodies, although I don't intend for you to
    remain intact for long!"   
Princess
    Gwendolyn was cheerfully informative.   
"King
    Ethelred wants to cement his conquest of your kingdom."   
By now,
    Princess Gwendolyn was totally shameless. She pulled up her skirt and deftly
    excreted two steaming turds by Rowena's head while Ethelred removed his conical
    iron helmet. The links in his ringmail shirt tinkled musically while he pulled
    up on it and his undershirt. He dropped his leather pants to reveal his thick,
    gnarled, dripping knob. He grabbed one of the Royal turds and stuffed it
    up Rowena's cunt for lubrication. Rowena opened her mouth to shriek in outrage
    and Gwendolyn picked up the second turd and rammed it between Rowena's gaping
    lips. She clamped her hand over Rowena's lips to seal in the goodness while
    Ethelred mounted his squirming conquest.   
Queen
    Rowena bucked and writhed as Ethelred, an older man, pumped long and hard.
    Gwendolyn could feel the heat of Rowena's vomit surging futilely against
    the palm of her hand as she kept her hand resolutely pressed against Rowena's
    snuffling, choking face. She grinned as Ethelred unloaded copiously.   
"It's
    important for a Queen to be a real performer. I tried my best to make her
    a satisfactory ride for your majesty."   
Ethelred
    gently removed her palm from Rowena's face so she could spew freely after
    he decunted. They spoke romantically while, eyes watering, Rowena yorked
    up messily on the bed.   
"You've
    done a superb job, my sweet. However, we don't want Rowena to choke to death.
    She has lots of entertainment value left in her."   
Life as
    a scum-sucking bottom dweller had given Gwendolyn a thirst for power and
    a thorough appreciation of humiliation techniques. The romantic couple watched
    with interest, holding hands affectionately as Ethelred's troops rubbed Rowena's
    face in a pool of her own puke and shit. The young princess gazed adoringly
    at Ethelred, her cornflower blue eyes agleam with the fanatical personal
    loyalty that a strong, protective warrior can command in a fearsomely force-fucked
    female.   
"You are
    so wise, my future husband."   
It occurred
    to Ethelred that her recent misadventures had made her an ideal mate for
    a man of his admittedly coarse, violent tastes. His interest in an innocent,
    naive beauty was close to zero, not that any beauty stayed innocent and na&iuml;ve
    for long while he was around. He kissed her affectionately.   
"I have
    an early wedding present for you, but it's in the dungeon. You have to keep
    it a secret."   
Gwendolyn
    arched her eyebrows inquisitively.   
"Ooooo!
    Sounds like some mysterious fun!"   
In the
    hallway outside the Queen's bedchamber, Lady Charlotte was naked on her knees
    giving knob jobs to a line-up of soldiers. Duchess Merriweather stood over
    her making sure that she sucked down every last pearly drop of oyster juice.
    Obediently, Lady Charlotte run a slim finger along the underside of the grinning
    soldier's dick to squeeze out the last milky white bubble of man oil. As
    it glistened, quivering liquidly atop his pee hole, she licked it off with
    her pretty pink tongue. Her Adams apple bobbed up and down in her pale white
    throat as she gulped down the slimy ooze. Ethelred slapped Duchess Merriweather
    on the rump playfully as they left.   
"I have
    the Duchess to thank for making this possible. She supplied complete plans
    for the castle and also arranged for the drugging of the food served in tonight's
    feast."   
Gwendolyn
    expressed her most sincere gratitude to the Duchess.   
"I will
    do for you whatever I can. You have my word."   
Merriweather
    glanced into the bedchamber to see Rowena, forced to her knees and bent face-down
    over the side of the bed, having her outraged face scrubbed vigorously in
    puke and shit, while opening her rectum for King Ethelred's men.   
"Oh, I'm
    getting my reward while we speak."   
King Ethelred
    laughed.   
"Perhaps
    you would care to stay and suggest a few things? My men are hereby commanded
    to be most obliging!"   
The Duchess
    chortled merrily as Lady Charlotte's head bobbed diligently beside her, slurping
    obscenely on a thickly veined penis. The Duchess looked around inquiringly.   
"Do any
    of you men have to pee? If so, Queen Rowena has some thirsty work ahead of
    her! Later, a good pig's blood enema will refresh her bowels! The woman's
    full of shit and needs a thorough cleansing!"   
A few
    minutes later, Princess Gwendolyn and King Ethelred were standing arm-in-arm
    looking down through a grating in the dungeon floor, watching Queen Morgana
    fighting off the rats while standing up to her armpits in the brackish water
    of the leech pit. Ethelred was chattily informative as they watched the Queen
    struggle to fend off the starving rats diving viciously at her face.   
"Duchess
    Merriweather gave us her route and we intercepted the good Queen on the road.
    Her face has been rubbed with cheese to make it much more attractive to the
    poor starving rats and her underwear has been removed to give the leeches
    freer access. It must be difficult for the poor woman to decide whether to
    keep her hands clamped between her legs or over her face."   
Gwendolyn
    nodded thoughtfully. As Ethelred had anticipated, her recent experiences
    allowed her to fully savour and enjoy all the nuances of her future husband's
    ruthless depravity. Gwendolyn delighted him with her instant grasp of the
    possibilities.   
"After
    the rats get finished gnawing on her face, and those big parasitic leeches
    are finished sucking on her guts, we could have her entertain the lepers
    at the leper colony. By then, she'll be their sort of woman."   
Ethelred
    was admiring.   
"I like
    the way you think! We'll just tell your father that she was contaminated
    by lepers while foolishly taking a shortcut through the colony."   
Gwendolyn
    looked at Ethelred roguishly.   
"Do we
    have to wait until the marriage to consummate our relationship?"   
She batted
    her eyes coyly as they headed up to find a bedchamber.   
"I know
    lots of tricks!"   
It turned
    out that King Ethelred could indeed appreciate an experienced young woman.  
PRINCESS
    GWENDOLYN   
In   
THE CASTLE
    OF PAIN   
By Llabmik   
Chapter
    7 &ndash; Sweating Sluts   
For the
    third straight day, the burning summer sun blasted the row of sweatboxes
    baking the bound beauties trapped nude inside.   
At one
    o'clock, King Ethelred ordered Queen Rowena removed from her box for a refreshing
    drink. The grinning guards jerked the Queen, her wrists bound behind her,
    from her roasting iron prison. Without hesitation, the naked Queen dropped
    to her knees and gratefully plunged her hot flushed face into the doggy bowl
    of warm urine and clotting menstrual blood. She began lapping it up eagerly,
    her loud slurps clearly audible throughout the courtyard of interested onlookers.   
Gwendolyn
    giggled delightedly.   
"I know
    just how she feels!"   
King Ethelred
    smiled urbanely.   
"Your
    sympathy with even the lowest of your subjects does you credit, my dear.
    Perhaps we could take her and her ladies-in-waiting for a walk through the
    countryside to see how Queen Morgana is doing at the leper colony, from a
    safe distance of course."   
Gwendolyn
    gazed at him adoringly.   
"What
    a good idea! It would be a wonderfully educational experience for them. Until
    your arrival, they led such sheltered lives."   
King Ethelred
    ordered the others released from their sweatboxes. Each was fed from her
    very own doggy bowl. Gwendolyn watched with interest as a beet-red Princess
    Diana lapped up a mixture of pig's blood and dog vomit.   
Queen
    Rowena groaned as the leather harness was cinched tight around her chest,
    restricting her breathing. The dog collar around her throat was tightened
    to eyeball popping tightness, making it difficult for the poor woman to swallow
    her own spit. She drooled steadily from the corner of her lips as they were
    wrapped around the long dildo gag that was plunged deep into her mouth, held
    in place by a sturdy leather strap that passed through a hole on the middle
    of the dildo. The long, thick rod protruding from between her lips provided
    a convenient handle to guide her with. When pressed back into her throat,
    it caused her to gag and choke painfully. Her breasts ballooned agonizingly
    as a constricting iron ring, with long spikes on the inside, was clamped
    around the base of each breast and screwed tight.   
Queen
    Rowena squealed as the small pee plug was roughly rammed up her piss hole.
    Her fuck hole was sealed with a large ribbed dildo. A butt plug was jammed
    into her asshole. The guards twisted it back and forth to worm it in as deeply
    as possible. Each of these three crotch plugs ended in a large metal ring.
    A crotch strap attached to her chest harness was passed between her legs
    and through the three rings. The crotch strap was fed through the roller
    on the buckle at the small of her back and yanked on savagely to cinch it
    as tightly as possible before being fastened in place.   
Rowena
    shrieked into her penis gag as her breasts were skewered from the side by
    a long thick metal pin. A leash was clipped onto the breast skewer in between
    her two bulging breasts and tied to the pommel of King Ethelred's horse.   
The other
    ladies in waiting were cinched tightly in their own constricting leather
    harnesses, gagged, their holes plugged up, their ballooning breasts skewered,
    wrists and elbows tied behind them and their neck collars tightened until
    their eyeballs bulged.   
They were
    strung out behind the Queen in a line. A leather tether was clipped to each
    one's breast skewer. The tether was fed through the crotch rings of the beauty
    in front of her and clipped to that beauty's breast skewer. The last in line
    was Princess Diana, Queen Rowena's daughter.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn saddled up. She and the King trotted briskly through the countryside.
    Rowena and her ladies squealed desperately and stumbled along behind them.   
As they
    approached the leper's glen, they could hear the soul searing screams of
    Queen Morgana opening her holes for the diseased men. Sitting on horseback
    at the top of a cliff overlooking the glen, they watched the Queen being
    gang-banged in the valley below. Gwendolyn nodded in serene satisfaction.   
"With
    the end of her nose chewed off and her ears gnawed on like that, it really
    looks like she belongs here. I doubt that my father will have any further
    interest in her once he gets a look. He'll probably declare her dead and
    move onto some brainless bimbo."   
Ethelred
    was agreeable.   
"To be
    safe, we should arrange to give him a suitable selection of eager fuckmates
    so that he doesn't pick another Morgana. Men like him often repeat their
    mistakes."   
"You are
    so wise, my beloved!"   
They watched
    with interest as the lepers pawed at the Queen's ample breasts and fingered
    her crotch with their rotting fingers. Queen Morgana's features were a study
    in disgust and utter revulsion as the loathsome lepers unloaded in her face,
    between her tits, under her armpits, in the crack of her ass as well as donating
    generously to the royal orifices.   
"She should
    catch the disease in no time with such intimate contact."   
He turned
    to the horrified women behind him as he pulled Princess Diana's breast pin,
    releasing her from her place at the end of the coffle.   
A wooden
    crane with a winch was used to lower supplies to the lepers. Princess Diana
    looked momentarily relieved as her bindings and intimate inserts were none-too-gently
    removed. Relief turned to shocked dismay as her wrists were bound to the
    rope dangling from the winch and her gag was removed. She squealed desperately,
    begging piteously as she swung out to be lowered to the lepers. Her shapely
    legs scissored wildly. Her naked body twisted frantically, hanging by her
    wrists from the descending rope.   
"Enjoy
    your new home!"   
He whistled.
    The lepers looked up, their eyes gleaming dementedly as they caught sight
    of the bound beauty being lowered to them. Ethelred pulled the cord attached
    to the lynch pin holding her wrist shackles to the winch's rope. Princess
    Diana tumbled to the ground and hastily scrambled to her feet. Gwendolyn
    and Ethelred giggled gleefully as the lepers surrounded the hysterically
    shrieking fresh meat without touching her. They chuckled as the lepers persuaded
    the naked blue-eyed blond to expose herself shamelessly and finger herself
    lewdly for their delectation.   
Playing
    for time in the only way that her inbred mind could think of, Princess Diana
    ran her pretty pink tongue lewdly over her lips while she pumped her hips
    obscenely. She bent over, reached between her legs and opened her cuntlips
    wide with her fingers, showing them lots of pink. Gwendolyn nudged Ethelred.   
"What
    a butt brained bimbo! Does she think that's going to buy her much time? Surely,
    she's just making a bad situation worse!"   
Ethelred
    snorted in derisive agreement.   
Princess
    Diana squealed frantically between tightly shut lips as she was sandwiched
    by the diseased men. The leper leader pressed his half-eaten nose and rotting
    lips against Diana's contorted, utterly revulsed face. Decaying finger stumps
    pawed her shuddering naked body, spreading her shapely legs, plucking eagerly
    at her cuntlips, parting her tightly clenched buttocks, examining her goodies
    and opening them for access. She let out a long ululating wail of total terror
    as perfectly functioning penises penetrated her orifices and began pumping
    diseased bodily fluids into her.   
Princess
    Diana's faint cries of gibbering horror and stomach-churning revulsion carried
    up to the top of the cliff, carried by the crystal clear acoustics of the
    glen. Queen Rowena and her shackled ladies stared down with bulging eyes
    and listened to Diana's muffled squeals accompanied by the animal grunts
    of the rutting lepers. Bone-deep dread gripped their quaking bowels in a
    fiery vice as Gwendolyn looked at each of them speculatively.   
Gwendolyn
    much preferred sweating them herself, but saw no reason to divulge this none-too-comforting
    information to Queen Rowena and her pissing, quaking bitches as they stared
    fearfully back at her, their eyes huge. 
Chapter
    8 &ndash; Shrieking Sluts   
Queen
    Rowena screamed long, high and hard.   
 The castle
    dungeon had small square holes cut into the cold stony walls, just large
    enough to contain one hunched over victim. Queen Rowena's ladies-in-waiting
    had each been 'persuaded' to crawl into one, headfirst, with her wrists bound
    behind her back. All that could be seen of her pet bitches was a row of shivering
    bare bums criss-crossed with thick, red welts and shackled feet spread nicely
    to expose the goodies, clamped down at the ankles to the entrance of their
    claustrophobic hidey holes. Semen seeped from their well-raped slits so temptingly
    laid out for the casual passer-by. Each huddled alone in her dark, chilly
    hole, listening to Queen Rowena without knowing exactly what was being done
    to elicit such prolonged soul-searing screeches. A stone lip ran along the
    front of each hole so that any water or urine would be sealed in with its
    occupant. Since toilet privileges were non-existent and the holes had a slight
    downward slope, all ended up lying with their pretty faces resting in a pool
    of their own piss.   
Accustomed
    to public speaking in the good ole days before electronic amplification,
    Queen Rowena's voice possessed both volume and stamina. Her full-throated
    shrieks of raw pain, interspersed with desperate, pleading bellows of gut-wrenching
    anguish carried beautifully and echoed hauntingly throughout the depths of
    the torch lit dungeon.   
Hanging
    naked from her wrists, Queen Rowena's sweating back, buttocks and thighs
    were crosshatched with welts. The nude queen twisted and turned wildly in
    mid-air. She concentrated desperately on keeping her legs together, having
    supervised enough whippings to dread the stroke that her whip master had
    called the cunt kiss.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn sat on her padded chair, enjoying the whipping with a connoisseur's
    eye, knowing exactly how it felt to have the whip eat in where the buttocks
    joined the thighs. Up until this point, it had only been theoretical knowledge
    for Queen Rowena. Princess Gwendolyn loved the way Rowena's naked body, beaded
    with sweat, glistened in the torchlight, twisting frantically as the whip
    master administered a cruel lesson in seeking out and stimulating the most
    exquisitely sensitive pain receptors in the female anatomy.   
Cracking
    viciously, the whip sliced into the tender backs of her knees. Rowena reflexively
    folded her legs up and felt the whip's fiery tongue lick the cringing soles
    of her feet.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn admired King Ethelred's whip master. He surely knew how to make
    his victims hop, placing and timing his whip strokes beautifully as he, with
    slow and methodical cruelty, raised long angry red welts. Queen Rowena's
    legs scissored wildly as she bellowed and bawled like a wounded boar, writhing
    sinuously in the firelight.   
Skilfully,
    the whip master made Rowena twist one way as a flaming welt blossomed on
    her exposed armpit. Then he made her twist the opposite way as the welt's
    hot-tempered sister blossomed angrily on the other armpit.   
Rowena
    shrieked madly and her breasts lifted in unison. Her body arched violently
    upwards as the tip of the whip cracked, delving deeply into the cleft between
    her butt cheeks and snapping hard against her anus. Gwendolyn laughed merrily,
    clapping her hands in delight.   
Rowena
    naked body juddered and jackknifed as a series of agonizing whip strokes
    ate into the sensitive sides of her bare belly. She foamed at the mouth like
    a rabid dog as she emitted an ear-splitting series of piercing screams.   
Her exposed
    breasts jerked upwards as the whip cracked repeatedly across their tender
    undersides. Desperately, she lifted both knees to try and protect them.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn would remember forever the look of stunned surprise on Rowena's
    face as she found that her knees-up attitude had positioned her perfectly
    for the dreaded cunt kiss. The braided whip snaked between her raised and
    parted legs, snapping brutally from behind along the length of her slit to
    kiss her clit in a starburst of agony. Her penetrating scream, savage in
    its brutal intensity, caused several of her ladies-in-waiting, cowering naked
    in the dark, to wet themselves.   
Rowena
    shuddered and juddered on the end of the creaking rope like a hooked fish
    and passed out.   
"Superb
    work, whip master!"   
A deeply
    appreciative Princess Gwendolyn tossed the whip master a leather pouch filled
    with gold coins. She eyed his bulging crotch. He was obviously a man who
    loved his work. She jerked her head towards the unconscious form of Queen
    Rowena, swaying gently as she hung limply suspended by her wrists.   
"Perhaps
    you would care to rouse Sleeping Beauty from her slumbers with a refreshing
    little quickie?"   
The whip
    master grinned. His assistants parted Rowena's legs and wafted a bottle of
    vinegar under her nose.   
As Rowena's
    eyes fluttered open, he rammed his erection home. She screamed with each
    penetrating thrust as he humped her hard, her anguished screeches rising
    even higher as one of his eager assistants took her from the rear, opening
    her aching rectum for business.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn, always interested in the comfort of her subjects, eyed the shivering
    row of rumps being presented by the ladies-in-waiting. This was all that
    was visible of them as they cowered in their dark, pee-soaked holes. Her
    voice was touched with concern.   
"The poor
    dears look cold!"   
She eyed
    their exposed genitalia critically.   
"They
    all seem a bit hairy. Whatever was that stupid fuckhead Rowena thinking?
    King Ethelred likes his ladies smooth."   
She grasped
    a torch and boldly thrust it between Lady Charlotte's legs. The flames licked
    eagerly at her crotch. As the smell of burning pubic hair filled the dungeon,
    Lady Charlotte squealed like a boiled pig, humping her hips dementedly to
    try and ease her anguish.   
A firm
    mistress, Princess Gwendolyn held the torch firmly in place until every last
    pubic hair had been fried to a crisp. Flames slid easily along Charlotte's
    tight slit and licked wickedly up the crack of her ass. Lady Charlotte's
    bum, cunt and inner thighs were glowing a bright red when Princess Gwendolyn
    decided that her cunt had been cooked to the required degree.   
Lady Charlotte
    was bawling like a baby when the next palpitating pussy tasted the flaming
    torch and its owner began shrieking like a banshee.  
Chapter
    9 &ndash; A Royal Bitch   
Gwendolyn
    stared into Rowena's glazed eyes. There was nothing much left alive in there.
    The woman had been stripped, whipped, beaten, gang raped and broiled in the
    sun long and hard. The older woman obviously lacked the stamina and resilience
    of the much younger Gwendolyn. Deeply withdrawn, the traumatised ex-Queen
    seemed barely aware of her surroundings. With the supreme self-confidence
    of youth, Gwendolyn was certain that she could snap the old bitch back to
    reality and please her husband-to-be at the same time.   
King Ethelred
    liked to receive intimate trophies taken as a tribute from his unwilling
    conquests.   
Rowena
    screamed as her nipples were nailed to the board. She blubbered, dancing
    frantically on tiptoe as guards lifted the board to eye level, stretching
    her tits from her chest. Her mind fully engaged once more, Rowena shrieked
    high and hard as a keen-edged dagger was sawed delicately back and forth,
    cutting across the base of her teats like a line of searing fire. Lifted
    by the impaling nails, her nipples were peeled slowly and agonizingly from
    her breasts as the slowly sawing blade bit into her flesh.   
The guards
    handed the board to the Royal Cabinet-maker so that Queen Rowena's severed
    nipples could be attractively framed and displayed in a small glass trophy
    case.   
Queen
    Rowena's nude body was hustled over to the Royal Physician's X-shaped operating
    table. Wrist and ankle cuffs held her spread-eagled and helpless while the
    old Doctor worked his magic. An old hand at nipple removal, he skilfully
    stitched Rowena's teat-less breasts shut, using lots of small stitches, so
    that they would present a smooth, albeit nipple-less, appearance when healed.   
Gwendolyn
    gestured at Lady Charlotte. The pretty young sycophant stepped forward eagerly,
    anxious to curry favour with the new regime.   
Time to
    take trophy number two.   
Lady Charlotte
    knelt at Queen Rowena's crotch. Rowena's forcibly parted thighs quivered
    against her ears as she went to work. The mouth whore's pretty pink tongue
    worked skilfully, licking and delving teasingly between Rowena's reluctantly
    distended labia, winkling the canoe driver out of hiding. When she was finished,
    Queen Rowena's canoe driver was standing erect, quivering at the back of
    his labial 'canoe'. Rowena trembled on the very verge of orgasm, breathing
    hard and sobbing hoarsely. The sexually excited, near-orgasmic Queen watched
    the slowly approaching serpette (a short knife with a gleaming curved blade
    used for pruning) with horrified, yet lustfully yearning, eyes.   
The Royal
    Doctor performed the labial removal and cliterdectomy with a nimble-fingered
    dexterity that exhibited a wealth of experience. Her sexual excitement dulled
    the agony somewhat. On the other hand, we are speaking of an area rich in
    nerve endings. Queen Rowena shrieked continuously throughout the operation
    as he deftly kept the pain to just barely manageable levels so that she wouldn't
    pass out. Her bloodshot eyes bulged in horror, staring unbelievingly at her
    crotch as her genitals were bloodily excised. Snot drooled from her nostrils,
    mixing with her spittle as scream after scream was ripped from her straining,
    tightly corded throat.   
At last
    the old Doctor with the flowing white hair was finished. He carefully laid
    her cuntlips and clit, neatly removed in one piece, on the board between
    her nipples for inclusion in the trophy case.   
Rowena
    blubbered hoarsely as he salted the wound to staunch the bleeding, took a
    needle and thread and stitched shut her most intimate orifice, closing it
    forever. Her days of sexual pleasure were finished beyond any possibility
    of revival.   
An older
    man with occasional erectile difficulties, the Doctor hurried away with his
    new assistant/mouth whore, Lady Charlotte. Knowing her place and very anxious
    to keep it, she wanted to strike while the iron was hot. Judging from the
    bulge in his trousers, his iron was definitely hot.   
Gwendolyn
    stared coolly into Rowena's twitching face. The haunted eyes of a deeply
    wounded animal looked back. Satisfied with what she saw, Gwendolyn turned
    her over to the King Ethelred's Beastmaster.   
His specialty
    was converting the men and women who got into King Ethelred's way into hideous,
    stomach churning monstrosities that would no longer be a threat to the King
    or anyone else. Rowena fainted repeatedly as he went to work on her flesh
    with his sharp carving knife. Each time she awoke to find a new horror inflicted
    on her. He started in on Rowena's once-arrogant face, slicing off her nose
    and cutting her ears into sharply pointed dog-ears. He sliced off her eyebrows.
    Inserting the blade between her lips, he cut back from the corner of her
    mouth to the hinge of her jaw along each side, slicing off a strip of flesh
    to expose her teeth in a ghastly permanent grin.   
He cut
    her Achilles tendons. Her ankles would no long support her, forcing her to
    crawl on her knees forever after.   
He released
    her from the X-shaped table. He forced each arm up high behind her back,
    forcing it higher and higher until he heard the bone crack. He skinned the
    palms of her hands, forced her broken arms behind her back and placing them
    palm-to-palm. Taking a needle and thread, he stitched each finger and thumb
    to its opposite number so her two hands would grow together behind her.   
Taking
    her to the Royal kennels, he locked her in a cage with her new playmate.
    Belial, the mastiff, was overjoyed to see her. Thirty-two inches at the shoulder,
    the massive fighting dog showed her his new trick. Knocking her flat on her
    nipple-less tits, he joyously mounted her from behind using the only hole
    available. The knot at the base of his penis swelled to lock it in place
    inside her ass hole. Rowena bounced like a rag doll as he scrubbed the floor
    with his new bitch, humping hard, drooling down the back of her neck.   
Gwendolyn
    and Ethelred watched in satisfaction.   
"It looks
    like Rowena has found a new friend. A woman with her looks can't be choosy.
    My God, he's a horny brute, though."   
Gwendolyn
    nudged him playfully.   
"You should
    talk!"   
"Are you
    complaining?"   
She slipped
    her hands inside his pants and snaked her tongue into his mouth.  
Chapter
    10 &ndash; The Bitchblade   
"A woman
    must learn to defend herself. That way she can never be a victim."   
King Ethelred's
    words fell on Princess Gwendolyn's ears like water falling on a desert plant.
    The desire blossomed in her mind. She snuggled up close to him in the bed.
    His disdain of innocent virgins was a continuing comfort to her. Through
    the open bedroom window, they listened to the moans, whimpers and gasps of
    Queen Rowena's Ladies-in-waiting being raped over in the courtyard by brutish
    peasants. In the days before porn videos, live entertainment was the only
    game in town. Gwendolyn and Ethelred enjoyed a romantic little interlude
    while, in the courtyard below, a fiercely struggling, fair skinned beauty
    was made to grunt like a pig by strong smelling sons of the soil, Gwendolyn
    stuck her tongue in Ethelred's ear hole. She whispered her question breathily
    into his moistened orifice.   
"How does
    a woman learn to fight? Who will teach her?"   
Ethelred
    gave her a sated grin.   
"I'll
    teach you, if you like."   
Gwendolyn
    and her bare breasts bounced up and down on the bed with childish enthusiasm.   
"I like!
    I like!"   
The next
    day in the dungeon, King Ethelred gave her a light rapier and taught her
    the basics of parry, thrust, lunge and recover. They worked slowly and carefully
    as he taught her a swordsman's stance and the rudimentary parries.   
Queen
    Rowena's guards were dangling nude, hung by their wrists from a long trestle
    overhead. Their ankles were bound to a ringbolt below, stretching them out
    temptingly. Giving in to temptation, Gwendolyn had arranged for them to be
    whipped with thorns from head to toe. A badly scratched man hanging helplessly
    with his genitals fully exposed to an armed woman that he has recently raped
    is tremblingly respectful. Whipped curs, they had little to say as they watched
    Ethelred encourage her by tossing apples in the air and having her slice
    them in half. A quick study, she did it with a vicious competence that was
    little comfort to her dangling spectators.   
"If you
    mouth off to me, I'll slice off your dicks!"   
Gwendolyn
    walked down the row of naked guards, pausing in front of each to dip her
    blade under his testicles and lift them delicately with the flat of the blade.
    She looked each coolly in the face, earnestly inquiring if he had any complaints
    about his treatment. Afraid to make the smallest sound, each guard answered
    silently with frantic head shaking and pleading eyes.   
She loved
    the way that their scrotums shrivelled to walnuts at the touch of the cool
    blade. The deeply fearful guards seemed to be trying to withdraw their flaccid,
    thoroughly deflated penises back into their bodies, like a turtle pulling
    its head back into the shell. It was all deeply gratifying.   
"Might
    I suggest an amusing little game to improve your swordsmanship?"   
A saucy
    little minx, Gwendolyn eyed Ethelred inquisitively.   
"What
    did you have in mind?"   
"It's
    a game called bagpipe. You cut a contestant's ankles free and he tries to
    defend his testicles and penis from your questing blade while hanging from
    his wrists in mid-air, using only his legs. The aim of the game is to remove
    his genitals cleanly with one slice."   
Gwendolyn
    grinned. The ropes creaked as the naked guards twisted uneasily.   
"Bagpipe?
    As in slashing off both the bag and the pipe with one cut?"   
"Exactly!"   
She raked
    the head guard with predatory eyes. Urine spurted from his limp member. Laughing,
    she slashed the rope tying his ankles. Squeezing his legs tightly together,
    he instantly raised his knees to his chest, lifting his scrotum and penis
    in his lap, pressing them protectively against his ample stomach.   
Playfully,
    Gwendolyn walked around him. The guard, with bulging eyes, twisted desperately
    in mid-air. His hairy buttocks dimpled as he cradled the family jewels in
    his lap.   
She deftly
    stabbed the pointed tip of her sword into his anus, pricking it lightly.
    He screamed, clenched his buttocks and lowered his legs. In a heartbeat,
    his manhood was on the floor.   
This simple,
    but effective, ploy was met with a respectful round of applause from those
    spectators that were not dangling nude and helpless. Gwendolyn had a definite
    talent.   
The head
    guard had a different opinion. Ashen faced, the spittle flew from his lips
    as bright red blood seeped down his thighs.   
"YOU BITCH!!"   
Instantly,
    the head guard was made to scream like a woman as the Royal Doctor, an old
    hand at castration, cauterized his wound, dabbing delicately between the
    screeching guard's held-down legs with a red-hot iron. The air filled with
    the smell of cooking flesh as the red-hot iron hissed and smoked with each
    searing touch. The Royal Doctor crudely fitted a straw into the remains of
    the head guard's piss hole.   
As the
    former head guard (now head eunuch) sobbed hysterically, King Ethelred turned
    to Gwendolyn.   
"Since
    you display the skill that I thought you would with a sword, I have a present
    for you."   
The Royal
    Armourer stepped forward and knelt respectfully before her, head bowed. In
    his hands, he held a superb rapier. Its serrated, elaborately engraved blade
    gleamed wickedly. A light, finely balanced weapon, its jewelled hilt reflected
    consummate craftsmanship.   
Princess
    Gwendolyn's eyes flashed as she hefted the fine weapon.   
"It's
    wonderful!"   
The armourer
    spoke proudly.   
"It has
    an invisible feature, my future Queen!"   
Princess
    Gwendolyn arched an inquisitive eyebrow.   
"The blade
    has been dipped in poison. The smallest prick kills its victim within ten
    heartbeats."   
Gwendolyn
    glanced speculatively down the row of nude, sweating guards.   
"The smallest
    prick, eh?"   
All eyes
    turned to George. George, the most under-endowed guard, began trembling visibly.
    Making eye contact with her intended victim, Gwendolyn gave him an evil smirk.
    Urine dribbled from his pathetic member and ran down his shivering thighs.
    His bowels quaked audibly.   
He whimpered
    pathetically as she playfully gave his shrivelled penis the smallest, tiniest
    little scrape, just barely breaking the skin.   
Almost
    instantly, every muscle in his nude body tightened to spasm. His taut nakedness
    jerked and twitched violently in mid-air. Blood trickled from his nostrils.
    His lips frothed with red foam as his lungs dissolved in his chest. He coughed
    bloodily as his internal organs disintegrated. George's body was gripped
    by one last powerful, wracking convulsion and then he hung limply, his days
    of disappointing the women at an end.   
Gwendolyn
    nodded approvingly.   
"You do
    excellent work, Armourer."   
"I suggest
    that you call your weapon Filthfroth as that's what it turns its victims
    into."   
"Filthfroth?"   
Gwendolyn
    arched a sceptical eyebrow, something that she was getting good at. The Armourer
    blushed. It had seemed like such a brilliantly inspired name. It had been
    jovially well received by his drunken cronies at the pub the night before.
    Gwendolyn spoke kindly to him.   
"Would
    you mind terribly if I called it something else?"   
The Armourer,
    a small frequently taunted man, looked at her gratefully.   
"Call
    it whatever pleases you, my future Queen!"   
She gestured
    at the blubbering head guard, a forcibly retired rapist still trying to cope
    with the abrupt, catastrophic loss of his manhood.   
"That
    man called me a name earlier."   
"Surely
    not an appropriate one, your majesty!"   
"He called
    me a Bitch."   
The Armourer
    blinked.   
"He is
    a very stupid man, your majesty!"   
"Agreed!
    But to my enemies I am The Bitch and this&hellip;"   
She held
    up the deadly weapon.   
"&hellip; This
    lethal sword I christen The Bitchblade. With a weapon like The Bitchblade,
    whose lightest touch is a mortal wound, I need fear no one and can enjoy
    a long reign with complete peace of mind, although my enemies shall have
    none!"   
And with
    this charmingly na&iuml;ve burst of youthful optimism and ill-advised reliance
    on technology, we end our story (at least for now).  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





