BDSM Library - The Alchemist' Apprentice




The Alchemist' Apprentice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Avedra, the clumsy apprentice to the Master Alchemist Edern, ruins an experiment for the search for the Philosopher's Stone.  She becomes an experiment herself,is punished by Edern and then given over to a night of debauchery with the king's soldiers.  There she discovers something far more important.Author: Desperado (www.bondageintersection.com)   
Subject: M/f, medieval,whipping   
This story is intended only for education and enjoyment of alternate
        sexual lifestyles and is not to be released or viewed by minors.   
    
Prologue to the Alchemist's Apprentice   
   
Edern stood at the window, not really looking out onto the king's parkland
  below, but intent on the manuscript open before him. It was indeed a puzzlement
  but mention was made of nushadir  , a substance powerful
  to break down lead and iron. Such a substance, even if it took a journey all
  the way to the Flame Mountain, could be just the missing key in his search
  for power.  
The king saw merely gold, but Edern saw a larger horizon filled with the
  power of the Philosopher's Stone, eternal youth, and the vision of slaves to
  satiate his burning lust. And Edern would stop at nothing, using king and commoner
  alike, to achieve his end.  
"Ah, Edern, I see you have discovered my most recent purchase. I bought that
  for a song from a foreign merchant named Anosh in desperate straits. Seems
  he had taking a liking to poking the rear of one of the king's favorite servants;
  the king was not amused. To what do I owe the honor?"  
Edern turned to Ashwin. The court alchemist had grown even older, more stooped
  with leathery, stretched skin and watery eyes from too many late nights over
  candles, but he certainly hadn't lost his sharp bargaining skills or his wit.  
"It's quite a thought , Ashwin, this notion of nushadir  that
  can corrupt the surface of base metals with such power," Edern allowed, "but
  I've not come to compare strategies of metals. I am looking for an apprentice."  
Ashwin straightened a bit. "Indeed. An apprentice, you say? Perhaps I can
  lay a hand on a lad or two for you to consider."  
Edern understood all too well what Ashwin meant by laying a hand on a lad.
  In the small circle of alchemists through the known lands, Ashwin had a reputation
  for preferring the male over the female. But that was not his concern; he needed
  an apprentice and now.  
"You misunderstand, my friend Ashwin. It is not a lad I seek but a girl to
  be my apprentice."  
Ashwin tipped back his head, loud guffaws echoing off the stone walls of
  the chamber. "A girl, you say? Surely Edern you have lost your mind. Girls
  are there to serve and to fuck if you are of such a mind," he sneered, his
  eyes crafty, "but to apprentice to an alchemist? What would make you want a
  girl? If you are looking for one to have handy for what she has between her
  legs, I suppose I can steer you to the right people. But apprentice? Who ever
  heard such a thing?"  
"Ashwin," he replied, a cold look freezing the echo, "I never make jokes.
  I have no time.  
Edern fingered the edge of the scroll, choosing his words carefully.  
"The Goddess has appeared to me in dreams. Several times she has come, and
  each time the message is clear. I need an apprentice who must be female to
  please the Goddess, and if I do so, the path will be made clear. I need a girl,
  Ashwin!"  
Edern's mind wandered a bit in the silence of the chamber. He had not told
  Ashwin at all the depth of the dreams, dreams so real that he could smell her
  sweat and arousal. He had not described the detail of how this apprentice would
  be the channel between himself and the Goddess, the great, colorful, lusty
  detail of her sexual submission that he would awake and through that helplessness
  gain the power that was his every desire.  
Oh, no, Ashwin could have his males gleaned from certain Turkish seraglios.
  There was nothing in that but a place to spread his lustful seed. But the dream
  was clear. The new apprentice in her helplessness not only would be a vessel
  for his lust but would cast the female aura about all that he attempted. The
  aura was power, pure, raw power surpassing gold, and he meant to have that
  girl.  
"Well, my dear Edern, dreams are nothing to sneeze at certainly," Ashwin
  pondered, scratching his chin, "but a girl? I have no knowledge of a girl who
  can even count, much less be sharp enough to serve as a master alchemist's
  apprentice."  
"Then I shall take my leave and good day to you, Ashwin," Edern replied and
  strode quickly from the chamber, despite the good-natured invitation from Ashwin
  to stay the night. There was no time, no time at all, to find the girl to please
  the Goddess. The cosmic time was coming so fast, the favorable moment in which
  to find her, and he might not get another chance. Where is she!  ,
  he thought irritably.  
Edern paused as the path broke out into field at the forest edge. The false
  dawn had only fooled a few of the day birds into a sleepy chirp, but the night
  birds, the owls in particular, had ceased their noise.  
He had traveled through the night because the time was right: he had cast
  the bones of an owl, and the bones had not lied. The air was ripe with possibility.
  The hair lifted on Edern's neck. Now  , he thought, it's
  going to be now. I can feel her. And I will have her finally.   He
  shifted his robes a bit as his erection was throbbing at the thought. His lust
  told him the truth. She was near about.  
He stood in the shadows as the morning mist and vaguer shapes appeared. His
  breathing and pulse stilled to nearly nothing, every sense attune to the awakening
  world. And still the sounds came so gentle that he almost missed them.  
A soft clunk   almost of wood against flesh and then
  a swish of cloth over cloth or maybe cloth through dew-soaked grass, and then
  she appeared. Edern was reminded for all time that of a sudden she was just
  there, much like the deer that appears in the meadow.  
The mist was still too great for him to see her clearly, but he could tell
  that she carried two wooden pails banging gently against her legs. He couldn't
  see her face, but she was the one alright. He had seen and smelt her raven
  hair and bruised the scarlet lips with his teeth a hundred times in his dreams.
  He thanked the Goddess under his breath and then pondered how to procure her.  
The girl wandered along the edge of the forest a bit further, unaware she
  was spied upon. She turned into an opening. Edern slid along from shadow to
  shadow and followed her back in to the forest.  
Here the mist had not penetrated although it was still set in shadow. But
  the girl soon stepped into a meadow and bent over to fill her buckets from
  a bubbling spring. Edern could see her black hair well enough now. She pulled
  up her skirts and bent over in the grass at the spring's edge to drink directly
  from the spring, much as a woods animal might. Edern's cock made itself even
  more noticeable.  
Edern caught his breath entirely as she then pulled up her skirts to her
  waist and squatted a bit away from the spring. The faint hiss of her piss and
  its odor reached him. I must have her and right now  ,
  he thought. I can wait to buy off her family, but I can't wait to
  use her.   Her back was to him as he crept up behind her. She half
  rose when he had her by the hair, the other hand clamped firmly over her mouth.  
The hand muffled her scream, but she had the presence of mind to bite him
  and try to kick backwards, for she knew very well where to kick a man. His
  hand left her mouth only to close around her throat, shutting off her breathing
  as she panicked.  
"Stop it, you silly bitch," he hissed, "if you ever want to breath again.
  I've caught you fairly, and I mean to have you if I have to knock you senseless
  first. You choose!"  
Gradually her struggles weakened, and Edern felt secure enough to relax his
  grip on her windpipe. Her eyes widened with shock as she looked into his face.
  Edern had the impression that she recognized him.  
"What do you want?" she whispered.  
He didn't reply but ripped open the front of her shirt, exposing her pale
  breasts in the dawn light. He mauled her, tugging and tweaking at nipples until
  she was moaning.  
Unable to contain himself further, he threw her to her knees right there
  in the spot she had pissed, his fingers still entangled in her hair. The one
  hand free tugged the skirts back up over her waist. He tugged open his own
  robes and without more preliminaries drove his lust into her.  
He realized as he speared her that he had taken her maidenhood. All well
  and good in this moment the Goddess had ordained. He would take more than that
  before his purpose with her was complete. He left her hair for the moment and
  grabbed her wrists, twisting them cruelly behind her back and driving her face
  into the damp grass.  
She moaned louder as he pounded furiously into her, her sex suctioning him
  relentlessly. And then he thrust into her especially hard and held himself
  there, spilling his pent up seed into her as she cried out for mercy and in
  lust, her own body spasming.  
The girl fell forward onto the wet grass under Edern's weight. There the
  two lay panting for breath, until she muttered, "Please get off. I can't breathe."  
Edern sat cross legged in the grass watching her bare ass become clearer
  in the morning light. "I've been dreaming of you," she said lazily.  
"How so, girl?" he asked, instantly wary.  
"I know you want me. I know you want even more than this. But everything
  blurs after this."  
Edern relaxed a bit. "Yes, I want you for an apprentice. I am a master alchemist
  in need of younger legs," he stated boldly. There was no point in revealing
  any more of his plans if the Goddess hadn't done so. "What is your name?"  
"I am known as Avedra, daughter of the smith in that village there," she
  said pointing.  
Edern cupped his hand over his eyes against the bright morning light. He
  stood up, pulled her to her feet, and said, "Well, Avedra, daughter of smith,
  you will do nicely. To your feet and let us go see this smith."  
With Edern's leave she quickly filled the buckets with sweet water and followed
  him back down the path to the forest edge. Edern was satisfied to see that
  she had some idea of her place as she walked along behind him a few steps,
  her head down and the smell of her wafting his way now and again.  
Already the heat of the forge was uncomfortable as Avedra's father worked
  on a long sword. Edern stood by for a bit as the smith worked with the heat,
  thrusting the blade into a barrel of water to temper and then thrusting it
  back into the fire.  
Edern handed the man the agreed upon gold. He tossed the pouch into the air
  and grasped it tightly. This was much more than he had hoped to get for Avedra,
  aware that he might have had to pay dowry to some idle local lout of a boy.
  He grunted in satisfaction, "When you no longer have need of her, send her
  back if need be. Avedra, run off and say goodbye to your mother and be quick
  about it."  
The two men discussed the finer points of working with metal until Avedra
  came running back nearly out of breath. "I am ready, Sir!"  
And so Edern headed off to home with Avedra trailing behind but only after
  a short side trip to the spring. There at the side of the meadow he stripped
  her, making her grab a branch over her head, and then beat her soundly with
  the leather belt that she had worn around her.  
She cried out at the sting of the sweat-soaked leather as it curled around
  her hips and up under her breasts, the tip sometimes hitting a nipple. The
  branch swung up and down under weight as she held on but still tried to dodge
  the blows.  
"You will come to understand," Edern muttered as he applied the leather with
  enthusiasm, "that this will be your lot, for I have bought all rights to your
  services. I alone shall decide your destiny, and I would hope that you would
  learn from this little lesson."  
Avedra screamed as the leather curled viciously over her pubic mound, screaming
  out her agreement, her pleas for mercy, her pleas for more punishment.  
And there under that tree Edern took her one more time as she was bent over
  an old stump ripe with moss and fungus.  
There was no more doubt, he had found her, the key to it all, as he shuddered
  inside her and she cried out in the agonizing passion that had already gripped
  her.  
Part 1 -    
Edern poked his finger down at the page and exclaimed, &quot;Now there is
  a likely possibility!&quot;  
Avedra rolled over on the rough cot, pulling a deer skin up over her head,
  trying to drown out the morning sun and the mutterings of her Master as he
  pored over some brittle ancient manuscript. This was a fit time of day only
  for farmers and shopkeepers, not for a girl who had toiled by flickering candle
  late at night ciphering manuscripts. She started to drift off again until Edern
  slammed shut the book. She groaned.  
Edern crossed the one small room of the cottage in a few steps, deftly moving
  between the tables loaded high with precious scrolls and the paraphernalia
  of an alchemist, his wiry body grabbing the side of the cot and overturning
  the girl in a heap on the floor, her bare legs sprawled.  
&quot;You must be the laziest apprentice I have ever had! Get your ass out
  of bed, girl, and be about your business!&quot; he thundered. He gave her a
  swift kick, his toe catching her left rump. She stared up at him with her tousled
  hair in her eyes, ready to retaliate with a sharp tongue, but she was awake
  enough to remember that would not be a smart thing to do with an alchemist
  running on a short temper.  
&quot;It's Friday the thirteenth, an unlucky day to be sure. Are you sure
  you really want me to gather plants?&quot;  
Edern threw a basket at her. &quot;Take this and gather some lemon balm,
  and I'll hear no more of your Christian nonsense. It's a day full of ripe feminine
  auras, and it's lemon balm I mean to have. Make sure it's from the sunny side
  of the garden where the dew has burned off. I want no corruption on it, and
  it must be gathered now for the celestial time is ripe. Now be gone with you!&quot;  
He stamped back to the other side of the cottage, ignoring the young apprentice'
  glare, and was soon back with his finger thoughtfully tracing the outlines
  of experiments from countries far to the east, experiments which he believed
  would help him create the Stone of the Wise.  
Avedra stood in the open doorway blinking in the sun and rubbing her backside.
  She hardly could see as it was and did not see the king's procession arriving
  until it was almost too late.  
Edern cursed, muttering under his breath at the interruption. He pulled on
  his best robe, pushed her out the door and toward the garden, brushed himself
  off and bowed as the king rode a chestnut charger right through the cottage
  gate.  
Obviously Avedra wasn't wanted. She wanted to eavesdrop on the royal conversation
  but that was for the likes of a Master Alchemist and not a lowly apprentice.
  She dawdled around the garden, not careful at all where she picked the balm,
  one eye back on the cottage. The old fool was trying to stay in the king's
  graces that much she could tell, but he was also trying to dissuade the king
  from something.  
The king would not be put off and pointed his finger at the alchemist with
  a threat. Edern made a very low bow as the king galloped at full tilt down
  the path, his entourage struggling to keep up with him.  
Edern shouted at her. &quot;You, girl, get busy and get me that balm!&quot;  
Her eyes watched him turn back through the cottage doorway. She sighed.  
Avedra gently brushed the twig broom across the rough floor, trying hard
  to stay out of Edern's way as he prepared the balm, grinding the essence with
  mortar and pestle, murmuring mysterious words over each step, gently heating
  the substance until a strange aroma permeated the room.  
Avedra was trying so hard not to be a problem that she didn't notice where
  she was backing as she swept. The precious glassware provided by the king (no
  mere alchemist could afford the expense) clattered off the table and shattered
  into shards across the rough planks, spilling substances once combined with
  laborious precision by Edern. Startled, Edern looked up and promptly burnt
  his fingers and uttered a might curse.  
Normally Avedra would have turned and tried to flee the oncoming wrath, but
  she remained rooted to the spot in her fear. Edern's face was a mask of purple
  apoplexy.  
&quot;That would be it, girl! You are the most clumsy, ill-mannered bitch
  of an apprentice in all of nature! You have spoiled the day's work and worse
  yet you have put me in jeopardy with the king. You will rue this day for certain,&quot; he
  warned.  
He grabbed a handful of her raven hair and pushed her hard up against the
  door frame. She cried out in pain; her hands flew up to try to protect her
  head. Edern held her against the wall with the weight of his own body, where
  with the strong grip of his other hand he ripped her tunic from her.  
&quot;Don't get a female apprentice, they said. She'll be nothing but trouble,
  they said,&quot; he muttered to himself. &quot;And I said but she'll be useful,
  she'll cast the female aura about my search, I said. The Goddess will be pleased,
  I said.&quot; He left the fragments of the tunic scattered on the floor and
  twisting his fingers viciously, he pulled her along behind him out the door.  
Avedra groaned against the stabbing pain, trying not to make him more angry
  than he already was. Tears splashed down both cheeks as she gingerly hobbled
  along after him, her sensitive feet scored by the branches and sharp seeds
  that littered the ground. Blinded by the pain and tears as she was, she could
  only sense that he was pulling her along back to the garden. She stumbled over
  some rough stone, only held up by the merciless fingers in her hair.  
Edern paused at the edge of the garden, glancing about until he saw what
  he was looking for &ndash; a spreading oak with stout limbs, strong enough
  to carry the weight of a struggling girl.  
&quot;I have just the place to hang a stubborn whore of a girl out of my
  way. This may really be your unlucky Friday the thirteenth,&quot; he said through
  clenched teeth.  
He pushed her up against the rough bark of the tree; he tied her wrists behind
  her with rough cord. She still thought at this point that if she didn't resist
  her punishment might be lessened. And she knew that resistance was pointless
  anyway. Her father had been more than pleased to strike the unusual deal regarding
  her apprenticeship. This way she wasn't costing him a dowry, and between the
  laws regarding women and apprentices, she had been lucky to be treated as well
  as she had. He tied her wrists back to a loop that ran around her waist, while
  her tears soaked her breasts, nipples erect against the rough bark.  
Edern roughly pulled her back by the hair until she landed on her ass in
  the dirt, her feet kicking out. She stammered in protest now that she had an
  inkling of what he intended for her. He lashed her ankles together as she started
  to kick too late. A foot came far too close to the alchemist's crotch, and
  he kicked her back until she stopped. There she lay in the dust bawling, as
  he finished trussing her. He threw the rope over the limb above and working
  her body up with one hand, he managed to suspend her upside down like a side
  of beef.  
He slapped her hard across the ass, sending her body swaying and twirling
  about. &quot;Now that I have you out of my way, there you will stay. Maybe
  I can get something done. But once I have started some processes back working
  again, never fear. I shall return to you. And it will be with lash that I will
  entertain you since you seem so bored that you must constantly get yourself
  in trouble this fine day.&quot;  
He turned on his heel and left.  
It might make no difference that she was an apprentice and mere chattel.
  She would not go along gently with her punishment. Not hanging upside down
  naked and bound in the heat of a summer day. And her body began to sway as
  she explored her bonds.  
The raven hair dragged through the dust as she twisted, trying to get a finger
  somewhere on the knots that held her wrists fast. And damn him, he had prevented
  her from contorting her body up to reach her ankles with that loop he had tied
  around her waist, a convenient place to keep her hands out of mischief.  
That didn't dissuade her at first as she twisted, groaning with the exertion.
  The morning sun climbed, the dew long since burned away, and now the beads
  of sweat trickling down her body were more frustrating. The tickling, the itching
  sensation from the back of her knees to the spot exactly between her shoulder
  blades, the damp, uneasy feeling of droplets of sweat mixed with her own juices
  caught in the dark pubic curls, made her twist more furiously until she hung
  exhausted upside down from the branch. There she hung in an eternity of heat
  and tickled by the occasional fly that decided to take a stroll over her helpless
  skin, plenty of time to consider her misdeeds and her unfortunate Friday the
  thirteenth.  
Desperate she tried calling out for the Master Alchemist, begging forgiveness,
  anything if he would cut her down, even ease her parched throat. Yet there
  was no sign of him in the cottage doorway, and she soon gave that up. Now the
  tears really flowed down, stinging her eyes, blinking, adding them to the sweat
  that still soaked her in spite of the hot sun, until the beads of moisture
  eventually collected in her hair, the dusty tresses now matted.  
&quot;So you think you've had enough, eh, wench?&quot;  
Her eyes blinked open. &quot;Oh, please, please I'm sorry I spoiled your
  experiment. Please tell the king it's all my fault. Just please cut me down?
  Please? I'm so dry, the sun is so hot&hellip;&quot; Her voice trailed off as
  she gave up.  
Edern pulled her head up by the hair, and as she cried out from the pain,
  he ladled lukewarm water into her mouth. He dropped her head, her body swinging
  some, gagging some in a coughing fit.  
&quot;I think not. You have cost me far too much today; I have no idea how
  I will explain to the king the loss of that glassware to say nothing of missing
  the most opportune cosmic junctions of the day. No, I do not think I am done
  with you yet. As a matter of interest, I have decided to try a little experiment
  with you, something I have gleaned from deep within the scrolls recently arrived
  from the East. Now hold still,&quot; he warned.  
She coughed again and blinked. How could he think to perform experiments
  on her! This was entirely too much. She started to struggle again, her wrists
  now rubbed raw.  
&quot;I see you still have some life in you,&quot; he said cheerfully, mixing
  some kind of paste with mortar and pestle. &quot;Well, then you should like
  this. It is rumored to produce the most irritating sensations in the female
  womb, taking her deep into the mysteries of the Goddess. The lust is uncontrollable,
  I'm told, especially when combined with physical pain. So, like it or not,
  you will serve as my subject just as you are. I will take notes, and you will
  report to me after all your sensations.&quot;  
His probing fingers split her cunt lips apart, rubbing copious amounts of
  the paste into her tender skin. She bucked and tried to clench her thighs but
  to no avail. She cried out in protest, her fingers twisting once more in the
  rope, screaming when he even rubbed gobs of the vile stuff back between her
  cheeks, his finger poking past the tight rubbery ring of her anus.  
Almost immediately her flesh began to burn and her cunt produced more wetness
  to dribble down into her pubic hair. But the burning sensation was not all;
  she tried to ignore the lust that had been building within her in her bondage
  but was now threatening to spill out everywhere. Her mind began to focus on
  mental pictures of forests of erect cocks against her will. Every time she
  closed her eyes she saw male testicles heavy with semen, and the lust grew.  
She could see him step back away from her a bit, her vision blurry from the
  tears. Avedra couldn't tell what he was doing, until the end of the whip curled
  around her flank, the tip biting into that same drenched pubic mound.  
Too late she screamed. Her body twisted of its own accord, her fingers scrabbling
  for some kind of purchase, some way to absorb the burning shock to her ass.
  The tip of the whip pulled away swinging her around again.  
The whip took its time, caressing her from thigh to breast, lighting up her
  skin with burn but oddly enough also her lust. She twisted and cursed, crying
  out against the bite but soon enough crying out shamelessly for a raging phallus
  to fill her void.  
Eventually the whipping stopped. She hung upside down, her body still swinging
  a bit but now covered with crimson stripes punctuated by the trails of sweat
  and female heat running down the dust. She cared nothing for the whipping;
  it was the lust that still coursed through her that plagued her most. All she
  desired, more than water, more than to be right side up, was to be thrown over
  almost anything belly down and ass up and to milk cock after cock in her spasming
  cunt muscles until she passed out from delirious orgasm.  
The Master had been wrong indeed; today was really her unlucky day for she
  would hang tormented by her lust without so much as a middle finger to diddle
  her clit. And there she hung naked until a bucket of cold water was thrown
  on her. And somewhere within, she could hear the king.  
&quot;Ah, so this is the apprentice wench who has cost me so dear. Well,
  Master Alchemist, we may not have found the Philosopher's Stone this day, but
  I dare say we have found a recipe to drive the female lust. And for that I
  shall reward you well indeed!&quot;  
Edern bowed low, satisfied that the day had ended well for having begun so
  badly. &quot;You are too kind by far, your highness.&quot;  
The king motioned for a couple of soldiers to cut Avedra down, her body collapsing
  in a heap in the dust. &quot;If you would be so kind as to loan your apprentice
  to my soldiers for the evening, they might not be set upon by bad luck as this
  unlucky day.&quot;  
Again Edern bowed low, &quot;I am but your humble servant, my Lord.&quot;  
Avedra moaned as she was thrown naked over the shoulder of a soldier and
  carried off back into the forest. Perhaps this day would be lucky for her as
  well.  
Part 2 &ndash;   
Avedra grunted as the soldier roughly dropped her bound body across the fallen
  trunk.  
&quot;Comrades, what say you to a game of chance to see who fills up this
  whoring wench first?&quot;  
Laughter rang around the meadow. Her vision now cleared a bit, Avedra could
  see that there were several soldiers about although she couldn't see well enough
  to count. Several soldiers&hellip;and her.  
She tried to wiggle, to loosen the Alchemist' bonds. His powers must have
  extended to matters she had not even dreamed of for the cords still held her
  fast. But what would she do if she did get loose? Run? She thought not, not
  with the lust he had created with his devilish mixture raging through her.
  How she must look, bound over the trunk with her head and hair hanging down
  and her whipped ass stuck high in the air!  
&quot;She will need some re-tying first,&quot; the soldier muttered. A sharp
  knife sliced the cords on her wrists and waist. Avedra had just the moment
  to rub the wrists before the soldier pulled them under the trunk to tie them
  to her ankles. &quot;We can't have you trying to run off. There.&quot;  
Avedra's matted hair hung down to the ground now; her entire world appeared
  upside down, which pretty much summed up her day. How could she explain to
  the soldier that she didn't want to run off, she didn't want to spoil this
  time the king had given them, but that she wanted one cock after another pounding
  into her bound body, her cunt, her bunghole, her mouth, all at once if she
  could. The thought of them playing dice to see which would fuck her first sent
  shivers across her bare skin, and her juices fairly dripped down her thighs.
  Couldn't he smell how much she wanted him?  
Some of the company lit a fire as the day was growing long. Apparently they
  planned to keep her here for some time. Laughter and name-calling and a bit
  of pushing accompanied the clack of the dice. Hurry up,  she
  thought, you bastards, I want to fuck now, I want to be filled with
  your cum. I want it on this day, Friday the thirteenth, the day of the Goddess,
  I want to be lucky. I want it NOW.   
She heard the game break up and then a rough male hand pried her rear cheeks
  apart and probed. She groaned. &quot;No doubt she's ready, men. But I can see
  that the whipping has begun to fade a bit. What say you that we warm her up
  again properly before we fill her up?&quot;  
Avedra cried out at the indignity, not of the exposure but having to wait.
  She twisted her hips around, the rough bark irritating her pubic mound and
  belly, knowing full well how her wet and puffy sex would look to the men, hoping
  to incite their lust to fill her now.  
Another soldier slapped her ass. &quot;You are a wanton slut! Must be some
  of that magic elixir the Alchemist was telling the king about. Oh, you'll get
  what you're looking for you little bitch, but only after we've had a bit more
  fun with you.&quot;  
And so bundles of green birch flogged her bound ass. She screamed from the
  renewed pain across the whip lashes and would have covered her ass with her
  hands, if they would have only been freed. Tears ran fresh across her dirty
  face and down into her hair even as the laughter and applause from the soldiers
  humiliated her. And she relived the day's events, her clumsiness and her punishment
  at the hand of the Alchemist, regretting that she had even got up from the
  floor that morning.  
Now the flogging stopped, leaving her still crying, snot dripping out her
  nose, sides heaving from the straining exertion against the bonds. The one
  soldier, the voice she recognized from the first, knelt down and yanked her
  head up by the hair.  
&quot;We are satisfied that you are properly warmed up again, slut. But to
  get what you want we all want to hear you beg for it. Do that sweetly and you'll
  get the cock you were looking for.&quot;  
That was exactly what she was looking for and just a few minutes before had
  actually considered begging, but now a perverse streak of her nature came through.
  Avedra shook her head no.  
&quot;I think it's some flogging she wants. Let's oblige her!&quot;  
The birching started again, and Avedra screamed, &quot;Stop! In the name
  of the Goddess, please stop! Please give me your cocks, all of them, please
  fuck me, I'll suck you all dry, just please stop beating me!&quot;  
Soldiers lined up behind her and in front of her. &quot;Well, little bitch,
  you are about to get your wish. Just remember, it's all for king and country!&quot; he
  laughed as he pulled her head up higher. &quot;You'll like the winner of our
  little game of chance. We call him Donkey Dick. I'll let you figure out why.
  Now open your mouth.&quot;  
Through the blur she realized that a cock stuck out just past the end of
  her snotty nose. Maybe it is a good thing my nose is all stuffed
  up,   she thought as the head of the cock forced its way between
  her slightly opened lips. She started to suck, almost like a nursing reflex.  
But when that donkey dick entered her from behind! She could understand why
  he carried that name now as he threatened to split her in spite of the sopping
  wet lust that drove her. The pounding came at her from both ends, testicles
  slapping up against her. If they would only do it with some kind of rhythm!
  She struggled to breathe against the cock in her mouth against the cock from
  behind, her fingers twisting, aching to cup the balls and milk them.  
The anonymous cock in her mouth erupted first; she nearly choked on the ropey
  semen, some of it leaking out the corner of her lips. To repeated cheers another
  soldier was on his knees, fingers twisted in her hair, pulling her head back
  to suck again.  
And then Donkey Dick came inside her as he pounded her up against the rough
  bark. The sensation of semen flooding her, the tastes, the smells all drove
  her right over the edge, her eyes rolling back in her head, moaning and slurping
  at the cock when he pulled out of her mouth for a moment and slapped her nose
  with it. Donkey Dick slapped her ass sending new shooting waves of pain across
  the tortured skin, pulled out of her cunt and wiped himself off on her hip.  
&quot;Next!&quot; he hollered to the delight of his comrades.  
On and on it went through the twilight until her jaws ached from the pounding,
  her cunt and anus sore, until she was covered with the slime of her own cum
  and that of soldiers. Some of the soldiers must have come through the line
  more than once she thought.  
She had ceased trying to thrust her ass back against the onslaught and now
  opened her mouth out of sheer obedience, her own lust satiated and awash in
  the smell of sex. Whatever potion the Alchemist had mixed had finally worn
  away all she thought had been her, revealing to her as she was being fucked
  the hidden layers of feminine lust that the Goddess had planted in her from
  the beginning. And the Friday the thirteenth became something for her not at
  all about luck but instead the day in celebration of the Goddess, a day for
  helpless fornicating, a day of fertility in the name of Freya, a day to be
  consumed in the cunt of the Goddess.  
Avedra's mind drifted on the swells of the sensations that somehow surpassed
  the reality and the relentless pounding of cocks faded into the distance as
  she entered in the Goddess' presence. The Alchemist' potion had worked far
  greater magic than he had hoped, something maybe even greater than the power
  of the Philosopher's Stone, the potion the vehicle which carried her across
  the seas of this physical punishment, the erupting lust of her loins, the shouts
  and curses and groaning of soldiers spending themselves inside her fore and
  aft, until finally she laid a bound and helpless offering on the altar of the
  Mystery.  
And there she lay, the mystical sex offering of everything erotic in the
  world she knew, awaiting the pleasure of the eternal Goddess, until the ground
  around her was littered with the bodies of exhausted soldiers and her naked,
  cum-covered body hung limp in its bonds.  
The next morning Avedra awoke naked and filthy in the dirt at the door of
  Edern's cottage. She looked up into the bright sun, groaning at the sharp pain
  in her eyes and her tortured ass, holding up her hand in defense, until she
  could make out the silhouette of Edern with the sun at his back.  
&quot;Well, apprentice, it seems that the king's soldiers made good use of
  you, which makes things all the better for me with the king.&quot;  
Her voice croaked, parched and abused, &quot;I am sorry indeed, Master Alchemist,
  my Lord, sorry for my stubborn ways. But you have done your humble servant
  girl the kindest favor, for I have traveled a far way in my spirit and have
  lain naked upon the altar of Freya, there to taste the pleasures of serving
  her. And apparently she has sent me back to you.&quot;  
Edern was startled. &quot;You mean you&hellip;no&hellip;where did you go?
  Was it the potion? How did&hellip;I can't believe this!&quot;  
She struggled to her feet and limped off to the spring to wash away the testimony
  of her ravishment, leaving the befuddled Alchemist in the doorway scratching
  his beard and plotting how to exploit this opening door into an ancient mystery
  that would in turn give him power and influence with the king.  
Avedra gently knelt by the side of the spring. Cleaning the sex from her
  hair would take the longest and the day was full of promise. Best to be about
  her business. Ancient paths of knowledge would just have to wait&hellip;for
  the moment.  


Chapter 3 &ndash;   
Avedra stirred a bit in the low-slung cot and made to pull the deer skin
  tighter over her nakedness. She tried to roll over away from the window. The
  moonlight dappled the floor with shadows and then probed between her eyelids.
  She tried pulling the skin over her head. The damnable light snuck beneath
  the covers, and sparkles played over the back of her eyelids.  
And then the whispering started. It seemed to ride on the moonlight, almost
  as if she were hearing it through her eyes clamped shut and not her ears.  
"Avedra."  
The apprentice curled into a fetal position, her fingers drifting on their
  own to the sweet spot between her legs, half asleep. "Stop it," she mumbled
  in her sleep.  
"Avedra."  
Still half asleep she swatted with her hand at the mosquito of whispering
  and frowned. The moonlight curled past the heap of books, pestles, and assorted
  junk on the hewn table and under the edge of the skin until Avedra had to open
  her eyes. She rubbed them and slid her feet over the side of the cot to the
  dirt floor.  
"Who are you? Where are you?"  
The moonlight spread, pooling around the cot. "Avedra. You know who I am."  
"If you wake up Edern," she replied, whispering as well, "it's my ass that
  will have to pay."  
"Nobody&hellip;.nobody is going to wake up&hellip;.to wake up the alchemist.
  He sleeps, he sleeps the sleep of the over-confident. Your ass is safe&hellip;.for
  the moment," the voice whispered, a sparkling chuckle that matched the pool
  of moonlight.  
"Only the Goddess could wake me up like this. You&hellip;you're Freya, aren't
  you? Why me?"  
The moonlight shifted sharply to one side and peeked up at her from under
  the cluttered table like a mischievous child. It spun past her and around her
  on the cot until Avedra grabbed for it, and of course the light danced out
  of her fingertips back to where it had started. Great, she thought, a Goddess
  with a midnight sense of humor. "Goddess, I don't really know what I'm doing
  here; I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing. And you want to torment me.
  Please, please tell me, what AM I doing here?"  
The disturbed hiss made her straighten up a bit. "You silly, silly girl.
  What is that you know? What do you remember?"  
Avedra rubbed her eyes and spread her thighs as she sat on the edge of the
  cot. She leaned slightly ahead, her fingertips lightly on the inside of her
  knees as Edern had taught her to sit with some considerable beating. "This
  is how a girl sits, a girl who is about to be used," he had insisted. Apparently
  the lesson had lodged in her mind. It seemed to her that the Goddess was going
  to&hellip;use her.  
A shiver ran down her spine, she thought maybe from the cool damp air of
  dew settling but perhaps not. "I have known nothing else from the moment when
  I realized that I was changing from girl to woman, Goddess. Something was awakening
  with me, struggling against, overcoming in little pieces the rebellion that
  I felt. I knew that I was to serve, to be used in something much greater than
  myself, sometime, somehow."  
Edern stirred and muttered. Avedra hesitated.  
"Continue, slave of Freya."  
Slave&hellip;slave of Freya?...the puddle of moonlight stilled, an edge lapping
  over her toes. She stilled.  
"The dream was always the same. I had no self-will, no matter how much I
  told myself in the dream that I did, that I did. I was always naked, naked
  but for some kind of golden collar, like an animal, gold but not really gold.
  There were men&hellip;and women too. And they used me. They used my sex although
  I didn't know what that was until some time had passed. I was surrounded by
  penises as hard as the stones of the Great Circle and throbbing, soaked pudenda
  as open and swollen as the altar at the middle of the Circle. And I lay on
  the altar, naked and my legs spread."  
The puddle of moonlight shimmered in pleasure; Avedra could feel the pleasure
  as it toyed with the end of her toes, sending little sexual shocks coursing
  up her legs just as if it were through the hard, erect nubbin at the top of
  her own sex.  
"You please&hellip;you please the Goddess&hellip;slave&hellip;slut of Freya."  
"I don't know, Goddess. I know that my rape at the hands of the Alchemist
  and his cruel beatings, my rape that night by the King's soldiers in that wood,
  I know that all had a place, that it all made sense. I knew that nothing was
  out of place, that a future would mark me for special notice. But other than
  that, I do not know."  
Avedra looked down, ashamed in some sense that she didn't know. The circle
  of moonlight danced around her feet and caressed her ankles. Avedra blinked.
  For just the moment silver shackles had appeared around her ankles and then
  fell away in a shower of moon sparks.  
"Yes&hellip;yes&hellip;you always knew what was important, slave of Freya.
  You always knew that you were not like others, that you craved&hellip;.you
  lusted, didn't you&hellip;after the whip," the whisper demanded, "after the&hellip;humiliation?"  
Tears stained the dusty face of Avedra in the dark, hot tears that burned
  tracks, tears that boiled down the essence, just like the essence that Edern
  so obsessively sought.  
Her fingers slid back between her thighs. Soaked again. The slick feminine
  fluid, the smell of the wetness that she knew made her nipples as hard as cherry
  pits &ndash; it had become so much her. There was no escape. And she didn't
  want to escape.  
The moonlight danced up over her wet skin, toying with her, making love to
  her, lingering on the nipples, sipping at the wetness at her fingertips. Yes,
  she was right. The Goddess was using her.  
"You are the channel, slave&hellip;slave of Freya. I speak to your Master,
  the Alchemist, through you, slut, through the body I toy with. I will have
  my way through you, I will have what I want, what I have waited for since the
  beginning of time and before there was time. Your Master will have what he
  wants&hellip;in this world&hellip;and you will learn. You will learn&hellip;secrets.
  And you will ride the currents of lust, driven," the voice insistent and louder, "driven,
  slave&hellip;by my power. You only hear one voice, slave&hellip;you only hear
  the voice of the Goddess."  
Avedra looked up bewildered. Somehow the moonlight&hellip;it had moved&hellip;inside
  her. Moonlight couldn't do that. Could it? It ran with the speed of thought
  up and down her nerves leaving little pools of silver excitement like mercury.
  She stared at her fingertips. Rays of moonlight shot out, lighting the darkened
  corners of the cottage wherever she pointed. And when her fingertips pointed
  between her legs, the light coalesced around the hardened nub of her wet clitoris,
  shot up her body only to run the great circle (yes, it was&hellip;it was just
  like the Great Circle of Stones&hellip;the stone forest of penises) and out
  of her fingertips again.  
Avedra tipped her head back in the beginning throes of ecstasy. How much
  this must be like dying, she thought.  
"Not&hellip;not yet, slave&hellip;slave of Freya. Not yet. To your knees,
  slut, crawl, slave&hellip;crawl like the dog afraid to be whipped&hellip;crawl
  to your Master, the Alchemist. In his sleep, slave&hellip;take his member in
  your mouth, slave&hellip;caress&hellip;lick&hellip;suck&hellip;slobber&hellip;mmmm&hellip;nibble&hellip;until
  he has the most fantastic dream of all&hellip;his dream&hellip;of dying&hellip;do
  it, slave of Freya!"  
The moonlight ran amok over her skin as she crawled to Edern's bed. It needled
  her. Sparks of moonlight flew from her fingertips as she pulled back the skins
  and settled on the flaccid cock, coaxing it to life.  
Edern stirred, a broad smile, a dream smile across his countenance. Her lips
  slid over the end of the cock, her tears mixing with her saliva, coating him
  as if it were her other feminine essence. Her lips became her pudenda, her
  hot mouth her womb, as her head bobbed over his crotch.  
The Alchemist never awoke, proof that the mysterious was afoot. She pointed
  her fingertips at his erect male nipples. The moonlight arced across and ran
  madly down his nerves, lighting up the nerve pathways like a spider web, gathering
  in his testicles for the moment.  
He groaned in his sleep. The moonlight erupted out of his gonads, shooting
  up the length of his erection and into her mouth, her throat, moonlight sparkling,
  tickling, spilling out past the lips so earnestly fucking him.  
"Now, slave&hellip;slave of Freya&hellip;you cum for me&hellip;moan for me."  
Moonlight shot from her other fingertips onto her clitoris. The light pooled
  in her crotch and then erupted as she orgasmed. By this time moonlight ricocheted
  in mad desire off every object in the room, crashing, a carousal, a cacophony
  of brilliant cosmic sexual excitement. Edern's body spasmed, thrusting himself
  up off the bed even in his sleep, the final strands of his seed milked.  
He fell back onto the bed and settled back into the undisturbed sleep of
  the fulfilled. Avedra settled back on to her legs, kneeling&hellip;her body
  shivering&hellip;from cold&hellip;from the tendrils of moonlight still playing
  the length of her nerves, especially down the length of her bare spine.  
The moonlight drifted away; in the darkness the exhausted Avedra crawled
  back to her cot. She pulled the skin up over her nakedness and slept the sleep
  of the dead.  
Chapter 4 &ndash;   
   
Avedra rolled over and peeked from under the corner of the deer skin. The
  sound invaded her mind, prodding and pushing into the half-awake dimension.
  The sound &ndash; the sound of&hellip;water&hellip;running&hellip;no&hellip;not
  running but splashing. She cracked one eye.  
Edern sat on the edge of his bed, relieving himself, oblivious to the epiphany,
  the revealing of the Goddess in the previous night. She eyed the cock tucked
  over the edge of the bucket. She groaned and rolled over. He was making saltpeter
  again, a critical ingredient for the amadoo  , the impregnated
  fungus for fire tinder.  
This could only mean one thing to her; the job would be hers to sprinkle
  his urine upon the bed of decaying vegetable matter at the edge of the garden
  and to relieve herself there as well to create the saltpeter to impregnate
  the fungus that she was supposed to have gathered.  
She hated to handle the bucket of his urine. She hated the whole messy process.
  But without the amadoo  she knew there would be no tinder
  to catch the spark in the cold morning.  
"Get out of bed, you lazy girl, before I have to kick you out."  
Avedra held her hand over her eyes. Had there ever been a time when Edern
  had treated her differently? She put her feet to the cold dirt floor and reached
  for one of the two simple dresses she had been allowed.  
"No, you don't. You haven't gathered the fungus for the tinder yet, and we
  can't leave without tinder. Get your ass out of that bed; to the saltpeter
  bed with you and hurry. And then go gather the fungus. I shouldn't have to
  tell you more than once, if that."  
What a foul mood, she thought. "But Master Alchemist, it is not seemly that
  I should wander your garden undressed!"  
He kicked her in the thigh, sending her sprawling yet again. "You will find
  yourself wandering my garden at the tip of my whip if I hear any more of your
  unseemly mouth!"  
Avedra scurried out the door with the bucket as the alchemist just missed
  another kick aimed at her rump. She had begun to wonder if she would ever enjoy
  a few days without bruises somewhere on her anatomy ever again.  
"And don't come back without the fungus, you lazy bitch!"  
Avedra shot a sour glance back at the alchemist when she was sure he wasn't
  looking. What could he be talking about, leaving?  , she
  wondered. At the edge of the garden she emptied the bucket, the strong stench
  fouling the morning scent of wildflowers. Then upon the bed of decaying matter
  she squatted and pissed. Not that she pissed all in one spot, no. Edern had
  beat her and only after told her that the piss of a girl who was the channel
  of a Goddess must touch the entire bed.  
So she squatted and relieved herself a little, stood and dribbled a bit between
  her thighs before she moved and was able to squat again. When she was finally
  done, she raked the wet matter with a wooden fork. Avedra left the bucket at
  the edge of the garden where it dried and aired out before the night time crept
  back.  
"Took you long enough," said Edern, glaring at her as she stepped through
  the door.  
"May I dress now?"  
Edern grunted, which Avedra took to mean yes, but hurry up. The girl stirred
  the hearth until she found red coals ready for some shavings. This morning
  she would not need to strike sparks into the tinder until it caught.  
Leave? Leave where? Do I dare ask?   
"What shall I pack, Master Edern?"  
Edern stirred, irritated by the distraction, his finger still trying to trace
  lines. That's a map  , Avedra thought, fighting the temptation
  to look over his shoulder.  
"You're a nosy little bitch, I'll give you that," snarled Edern. "Pack my
  traveling robes, the heavy ones. The high boots, those ones there, put them
  in the oak chest. I will pack my books and my tools on top of the clothes.
  The Goddess knows I can't depend on you to pack them."  
He hesitated. "I suppose I'll have to buy you something warmer. Damned expense!"  
In the heat of the day she was back at the saltpetre bed, scraping away debris,
  scraping the slime from the floor and mixing the debris again with wood ash
  scraped from the hearth. At the work table Edern mixed the concoction with
  the fungi she had collected and a sprinkling of soil, dirt from some place
  he would not reveal. It was all packaged neatly in leather sacks and wedged
  around the other arcane materials and tools of his trade.  
He tunelessly hummed the whole time. He could not leave the hearth without
  assurance of fire. Fire he must have at a moment's notice to achieve the transfiguration
  of substances, and that was the point of the trip.  
Edern's mind was fixed upon the report of nushadir  ,
  the miraculous substance that promised to destroy lead and iron and re-create
  gold. For all the time that Ashwin had thought him the fool for wanting a girl
  apprentice instead of a plump boy, he had been memorizing the map, the map
  that pointed to Flame Mountain, the crucible of nushadir  .  
Avedra knelt by the hearth, the fire cooling in the late afternoon. She knew
  nothing of nushadir  , and now she knew better than to
  think she would be along on the trip just to learn the alchemist's secrets.
  He had no intentions of her becoming an alchemist. She wasn't even sure that
  she wanted to become an alchemist.  
She was lost in thought, caught up in the sensations of the Goddess coursing
  through her body, the moonlight alive as she had suckled on the alchemist'
  cock. His seed spilling into her mouth and her own wetness spilling down her
  thighs seemed more powerful to her, more divine than turning lead to gold and
  accumulating any earthly power. Somehow she felt powerful herself, blushing
  at the thought.  
Edern folded up the last of his work and peered out the cottage door. The
  King's escort would arrive soon. Now there was the greater fool than even Ashwin.
  The King would not live long enough to claim the power for himself, kingdom
  or not. Edern would&hellip;arrange that. But being a king had its advantages,
  including armed escorts at least to the sea. And a smart alchemist would use
  whatever advantage he might get.  
He turned and stared at the kneeling Avedra, his fingernails scratching his
  chin stubble. She was a beauty, no doubt, probably worth more than all the
  ingredients he carried with him. But he could see the power coursing through
  her naked body, and his lust, no longer distracted, rose. Any ordinary lust
  he knew he could satisfy a dozen places, but this lust, yes, this lust was
  another realm away.  
For not only did she kneel displayed with open thighs and erect nipples,
  she had the aura. The aura was there, backlighting her hair, spotlighting her
  naked pubis, the aura of the Goddess, and in the late afternoon sun, the aura
  was stronger than ever before.  
I know I'm on the right track,  he thought.  
Avedra stirred, aware that Edern had stopped to ponder her. I am
      not the apprentice he thinks,   Avedra thought herself, I
      will learn. I will learn what he knows. I may be little more than slave
      to fuck, but he will find one day that I have power that he lusted after,
      and I will not release it.    
   
"Stand, bend over the table, and spread your rump cheeks apart, far apart.
  The King's soldiers will be here soon. I think that mayhaps some of them you
  have met. I would imagine that they would not be averse to stopping for a time
  to indulge themselves in your pleasures. And I would also imagine that they
  might be more&hellip;tractable&hellip;when we leave in the dark. I would prefer
  soldiers that would listen to my orders."  
"As you wish, Sir."  
And there Avedra was when the captain of the escort burst through the door,
  a naked girl clutching her cheeks apart in humiliation, bent over and displaying
  herself like the most common whore and serving her Goddess.  
Chapter 5 &ndash;   
   
She tried to stir there in the back of the wagon bouncing in and out of ruts,
  willing her hair to lift. Her hair hung limply down in the heat, soaked with
  sweat and the semen of soldiers who had pulled out of her mouth to spend themselves
  over her.  
The soldiers in their lust to rape her had not taken time at all to throw
  even a rag over Avedra as they finished with her. She did think that it made
  not so much difference anymore; her entire body was now tanned from the increasing
  time she had spent outside and naked. But it would have been nice to at least
  have a sip of lukewarm water. Dried cum coated her tongue and lips, her chin;
  she had no recollection of the number of soldiers who had taken turns in the
  back of the open wagon.  
Edern followed the wagon on horseback. He drank from a wineskin himself but
  soaked in her sexual humiliation. The alchemist had suggested that she be tied
  in the back of the wagon on her knees spread, arms tight in the small of her
  back, a tight rope around her neck to a ring in the wagon bed. Avedra's pleasing
  ass was meant to be thrust up, inviting her fucking. And the soldiers had not
  refused.  
"Alchemist!" the guard captain called back over his shoulder as he pulled
  out of Avedra's anus, "this one is a right fine bitch! How about you leave
  her with us while you voyage? We will make it worth your while!"  
Edern shook his head good-naturedly. What you don't understand,
      you dolt,   he thought to himself, is that she is
      not some simple slut of a whore for merely soldiers' use. Her humiliation
      at your hands serves a much higher purpose.   
   
Edern rode up beside the wagon as the captain slid out the back and onto
  his own horse. The alchemist stared down at her covered with cum and sweat
  and dust. Yes,   he thought, you will indeed
  serve a higher purpose.    
   
Avedra sensed through the lust that covered her including her own soaking
  juices and past the aching muscles (she wondered if her knees would ever be
  the same again) a cooling breeze. The breeze curled over the edge of the wagon
  and toyed with her thighs. It carried the scent of salt, and she looked up
  at the alchemist with a question.  
"Please, water&hellip;I need some&hellip;water. Please&hellip;I smell&hellip;the
  breeze&hellip;what?"  
"Ah, so you live, slut&hellip;excellent! Yes, we are almost at port, although
  I'm surprised that you can smell the tide over your own lust. You have served
  the Goddess well this day."  
Avedra couldn't hold her head up and stared at the same rough boards she
  had stared at for hours. The port. He meant that they were at the sea, the
  place where they were to set sail, the place that had excited her so much with
  its mystery. And all she could do was sag in her bonds.  
She glanced up over the edge of the wagon sideboards. Buildings with more
  than one story, buildings like she had never seen before, hoofs and the wheels
  now clattering over cobblestones&hellip;she must now be in the port itself.
  She wondered at the soldiers leaving her naked and bound in the back; would
  not the townspeople think something was amiss?  
Edern noticed some of the townspeople glancing idly in the back of the wagon
  at the naked apprentice and then hurrying along. Bound feminine nudity wasn't
  all that common, but they might be thinking her a criminal escorted by the
  king's army. They certainly were not going to question armed men wearing the
  king's colors.  
The wagon stopped with a great deal of shouting.  
Avedra could hear a metal gate grind open. The wagon rumbled through into
  a courtyard, and the gate closed.  
"Welcome to the Inn of the Red Seahorse, my lords!" a boisterous female voice
  boomed out. "The food and women are hot, and the ale runs a flood!"  
Avedra's eyes burned from the smoke. The Inn of the Red Seahorse was known
  for the blood red meat of strange sea animals smoked on iron grills over smoky
  fires but not for the ventilation of the smoke. The king's guard settled in
  for a raucous night before depositing Edern and herself ship side in time for
  the morning tide.  
The innkeeper, a tall blonde woman whose name she didn't hear, seemed more
  an instigator of drunken wrestling amongst the patrons than anything else.
  The noise was deafening.  
Edern had tried to bring Avedra bound and nude into the inn.  
"Ho, there, you! And just what do you think you're about?"  
"I wouldn't suggest that you try telling me what to do. I am an agent of
  the king," Edern snarled.  
The innkeeper grabbed Edern's robes under his chin and thrust him back up
  against the side of the wagon.  
"I don't care if you whore your ass to the king himself," she snarled in
  return. "I won't have you bringing your naked bitch into my inn. I have enough
  problems with drunken soldiers and sailors and the like. And if you decide
  to cross me, you won't ever get out of this port alive."  
Edern's eyes grew big. I will remember her,   he thought. She
      won't be expecting me to return, but I will. Oh, I will.    
   
Avedra went off to the stables under the watchful gaze of a soldier to clean
  herself as best she could with a horse brush and a bucket of cold well water.
  And only then did the innkeeper allow her through the door clothed in the simple
  short dress of a country girl.  
She knelt behind Edern in the dim light, unwilling to be seen, content to
  bite at a scrap of meat now and again that Edern held in his fingertips. The
  smoke became even more bitter; she cried.  
Somewhere in the middle of the night she woke up from dozing at Edern's side.
  The fire had died down as well as the tumult. Soldiers had wandered off or
  even collapsed as they sat, the victims of sea-going ale and the occasional
  female charm. Townspeople had wandered out the door and maybe to home.  
A shadowy high-pitched squeal of a voice came from across the table. Odd,
  Avedra thought, that she couldn't tell if the voice was male or female.  
"Your bitch apprentice is awake, Master Alchemist."  
"It's not important. Tell me again about the nushadir  . "  
The whiny voice trailed off a bit and started again. "&hellip;troubles and
  pitfalls, that is the journey. The key, the key&hellip; nushadir  is
  the key. Fire Mountain is where, on the east side of the Valley of the Gryphon's
  Moon&hellip;the ground bubbles beneath the feet , and you'll thank the Goddess
  if she stayed with you!"  
"Not so loud. I don't trust anybody with anything, not even you."  
"The girl&hellip;you keep her close&hellip;so close&hellip;she must be&hellip;special."  
"Shut up, I tell you."  
Avedra nodded off again, the voices misting into a dream.  
Chapter 6 &ndash;    
   
Avedra awoke to the scratching noises of chairs and tables moved and steaming
  water scrubbed over the worn floor. She tried to stretch but stopped in pain.
  She tried to clear her mind, rubbing her eyes, until she understood that her
  hair had been tightly to the bench on which Edern had spent the night.  
His booted heel rested on her left thigh as she lay curled. Afraid to move,
  she merely opened her eyes until the pressure in her bladder was so demanding
  that she stirred. The foot moved to the floor, and she felt his fingers untying
  her hair.  
Edern called to a serving girl busy cleaning, "Here, you, take her outside
  somewhere to relieve herself. And be quick about it. I have places to be."  
Avedra squatted to piss in the courtyard corner where the girl pointed. The
  girl leaned back, a heel propped behind her against the stone wall and her
  head resting back, eyes closed, grateful for any kind of break.  
He is certainly in a surly mood  , she thought as she
  watered a place that countless people had before her, the stench assaulting
  her nostrils. I wonder who the other was last night, the voice. I
  wonder if he will tell me.   She discounted the warning nudge from
  the Goddess; she determined to ask him. She could ask him questions. Asking
  was something an apprentice was supposed to do.  
She sat down to table beside him at his gesture and dipped her spoon into
  a tepid bowl of porridge.  
"Master Edern?"  
"What?"  
"Who was that last night, the voice that woke &ndash; "  
Unprepared for the blow, she fell backwards off the bench, collapsing jammed
  between bench and wall and feet in the air, stunned by the force.  
The flying spoon had hit a soldier sleeping off the last night's revelry;
  he swatted idly at his face and snored on. The bowl had remained upright on
  the table. The soldier might have thought differently hit with a full bowl
  of porridge as well.  
The same servant girl on her knees scrubbing the floor froze with brush in
  mid-air, staring at the alchemist with raised fist above Avedra.  
He stared down at her, his malevolent face contorted with anger. He willfully
  did not strike her again. He didn't need the attention, but she had taken him
  by surprise with the question, a question he didn't dare have the wrong people
  ask. The alchemist had plans for the information and power he had traded life
  eternal for. The black mage would be there waiting for him when he returned
  with the nushadir  , waiting to eliminate the royal power;
  his plans to enslave the innkeeper were purely secondary to the obsession to
  wrest the power of the universe all to himself. But it would all happen soon
  enough, and he must not cuff the girl so hard to render her senseless.  
The innkeeper screamed at him from the kitchen. "Take the girl and get out
  of my house, you idiot! The next thing you know there will be swordplay, and
  it's not midmorning yet!"  
Edern half-dragged the stumbling girl wiping blood from her lip and nose
  on the back of her arm. Outside the back door he slammed her against the stone
  wall, his hand at her throat. Her eyes focused.  
"You never ask that question. Never, you stupid little bitch," he hissed. "I
  can't afford to have you bungle this. This isn't some wild experiment with
  broken glass. I have far too much invested in this. You will watch your mouth,
  or I will forget why I brought you along in the first place."  
Avedra's wide eyes satisfied him. He wanted to frighten her so bad that if
  she hadn't just relieved herself she would be puddling around her feet. Yes,
  she was that frightened. Good. Holding himself up against her, his cock started
  to swell, fed by the fear exuding from every gland in her body. A firm grip
  still on her throat, her hands flailing useless at her side, he pushed up the
  rag of a dress until it was tucked up above her breasts.  
His thumb and fingers slid up to the corners of her mouth and brutally squeezed,
  her lips puckering. His stale breath stole hers. His other hand mauled her
  breast, sharp fingernails and fingers twisting around the base of the breast.
  His fingers moved back down to her throat, pinching the airway nearly shut.
  He lifted the breast and bit around the edge of her nipple.  
Her eyes watered. She looked panicked.  
He forced himself between her legs, his fingers relentlessly exploring and
  brutalizing, tugging on hair, pulling on her delicate lips. Her scent drifted
  up between them as he took possession of her, driving his cock up into her
  with a viciousness that was new.  
The alchemist grunted as he sunk to the root in her cunt, and only then did
  he release more air to her.  
He drove her harder against the stone, chafing the skin on her ass, inflamed
  by the smell of her fear, a smell which wafted about them filled out by the
  host of stable smells of the courtyard.  
Avedra for her part just tried to focus on the next shallow breath. The stone
  was rough against her skin, but it was warmed by the morning sun. She tried
  to focus on the warmth more than the pounding she was taking between her legs.
  Struggling to survive the sudden wave of anger springing from Edern's own fear,
  she had not yet thought to regret asking the question. But she would, oh, yes,
  she would.  
Her fingernails scrabbled fruitlessly over the stone, seeking a handhold,
  anything.  
The orgasm overtook her just as much a surprise as his violent reaction.
  He shut off her air completely as he felt her spasming over his raging cock.
  Was it the orgasm? Was it the suffocation? She was certain she was dying. It
  must be like this to die, to expire in the throes of lustful ecstasy.  
When her eyes rolled back in her head and her cunt muscles spasmed on him,
  Edern could hold himself back no longer. With one final mighty thrust, he brought
  her up onto her toes, pinned against the wall, and he filled her with searing
  hot cum. He cried aloud as the cum gushed and the back of his thighs rippled
  with the strain. In slower than slow motion, more like a slice of time, he
  realized by her face that she was dying as surely as he felt himself the same. Now  ,
  he told himself, you let go now. Give her the air to live. Give it
  to her now, or your channel to the Goddess is lost. Let go!   
   
The next he knew he was leaning against the wall, his hands spread apart
  on the warm stone. Avedra was on her knees at his feet, her hands clutching
  at her throat and breast, retching into the dust, struggling to get some fresh
  breath.  
His mind now swimming on the crest of the orgasm, he idly watched a drop
  of cum drip down to land on her hair.  
"Don't ask stupid questions."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desperado


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





