BDSM Library - Fresh Executive Assistant




Fresh Executive Assistant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He needs a new executive assistant with some passion, she needs a job that lets her be passionate. Hey, this could work out for everyone.Fresh Executive Assistant   
He Said  :
    I'm a senior executive of a Fortune 500 company who is lucky enough to live
    and work in a division that is in a city outside the main company headquarters.
    This means that I'm less concerned with avoiding political dodgeballs and
    more concerned with actually getting things done. It also means that I have
    more leeway in motivating and getting the workers to produce to the level
    that's made me pretty successful and makes the top level executives grudgingly
    give their approval to almost anything I set out to do. I'm sure that the
    head office realizes that if they tried to move me into their snake pit of
    a head office, it'd be the end of my successes.   
 Anyways, my current dilemma was twofold;
    I had lost my executive assistant to pregnancy and was told that she wouldn't
    likely be back. And truth be told, although she was marvelous at her job,
    she was pretty cookie cutter in her attitude about life and the universe-I'm
    sure you get what I mean, she was boring and efficient to deal with but had
    no passion for the job that I could feel. I guess it wouldn't be fair to
    call her a suburban-soccer-mom-ish but screw it, that's the best description
    I can think of. Secondly, my staff morale wasn't what it should've been.
    True, they were still far more productive than the company wide average but
    still, this bothered me in that I had and continued to have high expectations
    for all of them. I suspect that the exit of two members of the sales force
    for our office who were nicknamed 'doubleD' and 'doubleE' was a major downside
    for morale, or at least for the guys. DoubleD ended up leaving for a better
    job but DoubleE didn't deal with her friend's departure very well and slid
    down the performance scale to the point where I had to fire her. After her
    first warning, I hinted that shorter skirts, at least above the knee about
    thin blouses would be a smart idea for her. That worked out well for all
    concerned, I'm sure she heard some snickers behind her back but hey, she's
    in sales, its part of the deal. Not surprisingly, her performance didn't
    improve and I didn't make any effort to help her any more or less. Seeing
    her next set of sales numbers, I decided it was time to push the envelope
    with her, it was time to see how much she wanted her job. We had another
    warning meeting and I told her she had her official second warning- she knew
    that it was three strikes and you're gone and immediately had a worried look
    on her face. I strongly hinted, hell, let's be honest, I told her directly
    to her face, that miniskirts, visible garters and push-up bras would help
    her dealings with me and she nodded slowly, realizing that her job was on
    the line if I was being so direct and obnoxious. I'm sure she was anxious
    to keep her job because she wasn't particularly good at sales and it was
    becoming evident that she survived by pairing up with her equally busty friend.
    In the end, that warning worked out pretty well for all concerned, the staff
    were happy to gawk or gossip, she was happy to keep her job and I was happy
    because I didn't realize that they made skirts that short anymore (plus her
    perfect legs made the deal). In the end, I admit that I turned into an asshole,
    I decided to really take advantage of the situation and called her in and
    told her that her numbers were even worse and told her she'd be fired unless
    she made me very happy. That was actually a lie and her numbers had improved
    a bit but if she decided not to check her own numbers that was her problem
    not mine.   
 Things ended up working out better than
    I'd hoped, she actually took it upon herself to schedule meetings with me
    and make sure she was waiting under my desk, ready to blow me when the meetings
    were scheduled. Truly, there is nothing greater than coming back from an
    outside meeting and knowing that a beautiful woman is waiting under your
    desk with her mouth ready to service you. I also decided that for remote
    meetings, I would have her blow me during the meetings when I was on speakerphone
    just because I could.   
 This went on for about two more months
    and I decided that it was time to increase the stakes. I started to hint
    that I'd like to see her in sluttier clothes, and had left her a bag with
    a patent leather corset, rubber stockings and 7&quot; ballet boots. The next
    time I came in for my usual blowjob, she wasn't there. She came to my office
    and informed me that she thought I was bluffing and that I'd never get rid
    of her if she kept servicing me occasionally and that I wouldn't ruin a good
    thing. Fine, I thought, your choice. I waited until she screwed up a deal
    and then called her in the office, let her blow me as usual and then had
    security escort her out of the building. Oh, and yes, I made sure that she
    had my cum dripping down chin when she was dragged out of the office.   
 Now back to the present, I've now interviewed
    about 20 female candidates from the recruiter. They're all wonderfully bland
    and efficient and really boring. Efficient business suits, hair in a tidy
    knot, sensible shoes and no personality whatsoever. Yeah, great, that'll
    get me passionate about this place. I was ready to pick the best of the lot
    when I decided to place an ad in the local paper and see if that brought
    up anything interesting. As expected, advertising for a well-paid executive
    assistant brought in a bunch of resumes, and a bunch of incompetents to go
    with it. I was on the third last interview of the semi-competent ones and
    then saw Her. Yeah, this was more like it, long honey blond hair in a pony-tail,
    5 inch pumps and a skirt that showed me plenty of what I wanted to see plus
    that rack of boobs that I'd been dreaming of- she had those DoubleE boobs
    but rounder and more firm! She had pretty good qualifications for the job
    even, apparently she had come to the states from England with her boyfriend
    months earlier when he'd suddenly gotten laid off from his new tech job and
    had suddenly taken off back to the UK, leaving her alone in the city with
    a high priced apartment and no set of friends or family to back her up. I
    was thinking that this could work out just fine for all concerned.   
She Said  :
    My name is Amy and I'm originally from a small town within an hour of London.
    I was brought up in the usual upper-class way, by which I mean, I lived with
    a nanny until I was able to stand being away from home and then was shipped
    off to boarding school. Don't get me wrong, I was taken care of and my parents
    would come to see me when they could squeeze it into their schedule but when
    they split up when I was 12, I rarely heard from them and rarely do now even.   
 This isn't one of those stories where
    I blame everything on school, society and mum and dad, I'm actually fine
    and not 'disturbed' through all of this. The boarding school where I was
    basically brought up was great and they gave me a brain and made sure that
    my body was fit. But all-girl schools tend to churn out saints or sluts and
    I ended up in the half and half camp, slutty mind but too shy and proper
    to actually make myself available. Even worse, my slutty mind was focused
    on a couple of 'instructional videos' that the school grudgingly was forced
    to show us in lieu of what American schools call 'sex ed'. I'm sure you get
    the idea, my creativity when it came to sex was pretty much none but I knew
    that I wanted something more than what I'd seen.   
 Once I was out of school, I ended up
    working temporary jobs for a couple of years, never being any more than the
    dowdy girl with clothes hiding her assets, of which I had plenty. Big boobs
    and shyness do tend to go together for some and I tried to downplay my looks
    and assets as much as possible. Then I hooked into Jason's company in London,
    he was exciting and wild and had loads of cash from his job. He and I became
    an item and I quickly loved to take Jason's money to lingerie stores and
    dressed to please him and myself although given my lack of experience, I'm
    sure I looked as often a 10-cent whore as his sexy girlfriend. My dreams
    of sex were finally happening for me but Jason wasn't as good in the bedroom
    as I thought things should be. He did the things that I'd seen in the video
    but he wasn't even lasting as long as that 3-minute video I saw in school.
    Seems funny that he wasn't great in bed, yet he was good looking, had a great
    body and was persuasive enough to get me to pierce my nipples, tongue and
    belly button yet things didn't work for him and me intimately. At least he
    got me to dress for fun, I learned to love short skirts and stockings and
    tight tops and we definitely made our impressions on the nightlife crowd.
    This was almost everything I had dream about and I decided that I didn't
    want it to ever end.   
 One day, Jason got an offer from a firm
    in America. He offered me a chance to join him and I jumped at it, figuring
    that the odds of getting to America were otherwise pretty slim. We packed
    and moved within a month and setup in the mid-west in a small city. Even
    for a small city, I was overwhelmed by the noise, the speed that everything
    happened at and the newness of it all. Jason started working almost as soon
    as the plane touched down.   
 I know he didn't mean for me to be left
    alone and lonely but he was the new kid and had to catch up with the new
    company before crunch time hit. Alone all day, without a job, since Jason
    thought that his big salary at the new place could easily take care of both
    of us, I became bored. I started to wander around the city, finding the good
    and the bad part of it fascinating. I didn't make any friends but wasn't
    worried- when Jason was caught up and had free time, we'd start hitting the
    clubs and having fun. One thing I was worried about was our relationship
    in bed, I was VERY horny and Jason was always tired and not ready to do anything
    only weeks after we'd gotten there.   
 After about a month I started to wonder
    what some of the seedier sex shops had in them. Maybe I could do something
    different that would spark his interest back to me and away from falling
    asleep immediately. I tried the cheap leather-and-chains bra and panty set
    but that didn't work too well, it seemed to put Jason to sleep faster than
    when I'd come to bed with nothing on. The woman in the sex shop saw me upset
    when I came back and asked me if things were working out, I told her that
    they weren't and I didn't know what else to do. She said that there was a
    lot more things I could try so I said that I was willing to try anything.
    We went to the back of the store and she gave me a load of things and told
    me to see what I thought of rubber! I didn't understand why anyone would
    want to wear anything rubber but I understood it a little bit once I started
    to smell it, for whatever reason it started to make me wet almost immediately
    and I was a little afraid because nothing really had made me feel like that
    so quickly before. I snapped out of it when the saleswoman passed me some
    talc and told me that would help get the items on faster and without hurting
    my skin. It took me about 5 minutes to have the nerve to try anything on,
    even being by myself in a changing room but eventually I got up my nerve,
    stripped down to nothing and thought to myself that I'd come far enough,
    I might as well see how this goes.   
 I loved the feeling of the rubber on
    my skin immediately and found that the tighter it felt the randier I felt,
    after minutes in it in the warm shop, the smell of my own sweat with the
    rubber was making me insanely horny. The woman gave me a set of 8&quot; heeled
    boots to top everything off. They hurt like hell for 10 minutes and put tears
    in my eyes when I stood up but then got me so horny when looking at myself
    in the dressing room mirror, I put up with the pain and fingered myself to
    orgasm at least twice in the dressing room. When I finally came out, I'm
    sure the woman noticed my flushed face and she had obviously overheard my
    moans because she had a big grin on her face. I ended up buying a good quality
    leather bustier, a true bust-to-crotch corset made of steel and rubber, rubber
    stockings and garters and 2 sets of 5&quot; black pumps and one impossible
    pair of 8&quot; ballet boots made of steel and pink rubber. Now, I thought,
    if this package doesn't work for him, I don't know what will.   
 I came home with my packages in the early
    evening, realizing that I'd been away since early in the morning doing my
    'shopping'. When I walked into the front of the building, I didn't realize
    why the doorman was giving me such a funny look. I had thought I was still
    wearing some of my naughty things but I checked myself, I looked the same
    as when I'd left. I finally got to our floor and put the key to the lock
    when I noticed boot marks on the floor in front of the door, how odd, I thought
    but let myself in. To my horror, I realized that the apartment was almost
    completely empty and there was a letter on the bed. All I seemed to have
    in the house was some kitchen items, the bed and my own clothes, everything
    else was gone!   
 After taking a couple of minutes to calm
    down, I rang downstairs to the doorman and told him I'd been burgled. He
    said, with pity in his voice, that Jason had a moving truck there at 10 AM
    and had moved out quite a bit of items by noon and had long gone. Oh no,
    I thought, what the hell is going on as I opened the letter. I knew what
    the point of the letter was but the why is what mystified me.   
 The letter was from Jason and he said
    that he'd been fired about 2 weeks after starting on his new job. Since we'd
    paid 4 months rent in advance on the apartment, he thought he'd be able to
    find a new job and I wouldn't know any better. Things didn't work out that
    way and he'd actually been working two menial jobs to bring in at least a
    bit of money. I guess that explains why he was so tired all the time. Finally,
    he said that he couldn't hack being a failure anymore and he was using the
    last bit of money to get his things out and was moving back to England. He
    hoped that I would forgive him for abandoning me but that the rent there
    was paid for 2 full months and that I'd be able to get along without him.
    Great, I thought, now I'm alone in the city with nothing but an apartment
    with 2 months rent paid and almost nothing else. Now what.   
 I cried myself to sleep and stayed in
    the bed for a couple of days before realizing that I had to get myself going
    again. I finally remembered my purchases and thought that I might as well
    try them on again and see if I could cheer myself up. After putting on the
    talc, the smooth rubber felt like silk as I fit the corset onto me. The corset
    was done up as best I could manage, not knowing how tight I should've been
    able to get it. I realize that I'd only shrunk my 28&quot; waist down to
    25&quot; and could do a lot better but any tightness was a good feeling.
    With the steel and rubber corset, the rubber panties and the 5&quot; pumps
    on me, I again felt like I was in a dream again and put my fingers back to
    my cunt without realizing it. I fingered myself to orgasm three times and
    then collapsed on the bed. After a couple of minutes I got up, looked at
    myself in the mirror and thought that life wasn't so bad if I could look
    and feel like this all the time.   
 Next morning, reality hit hard and I
    registered with a temp agency and waited. Apparently, my specific skills
    weren't as high in demand as I'd hoped although my lack of experience in
    the states was what was hurting me. I started reading the want ads in the
    paper, realizing that I had almost no money and only another 6 weeks to be
    able to come up with rent to be able to stay where I was.   
 I was reading the paper during my morning
    tea when I saw a great looking job, very good pay range, close to the apartment
    and I could narrowly fit into the required skill set although I knew I didn't
    have enough executive assistant experience to be a top notch contender. I
    immediately sent out a resume that day just hoping for the best and was surprised
    to get a call two days later to come in for the interview the next day.   
 Realizing that my opportunities to get
    employment were slim and that I had better take advantage of what I had,
    I made sure that I had on a skirt that I had only intended to use for clubbing,
    plus my (now) favorite 5&quot; pumps, a thin blouse that showed off my ample
    bust and made sure my long blond hair was at least in an impressive ponytail
    stretching down to my butt. OK, I told myself, any asset is fair in love
    and war and started towards the office building I'd been given the address
    to.   
 When I got there, I noticed that this
    wasn't quite the same as other offices I'd been to, people seemed very open
    and pretty upbeat, not 'drones' as everyone usually referred to themselves.
    I went into the preliminary interview and talked to the HR people for an
    hour when the phone in the room buzzed and I was told that I was going to
    be directly interviewed now by the executive director for this division of
    the company. Great, I thought, I might just have half a chance here if I'm
    getting a high level interview already.   
 I walked into the executive office and
    saw the man that I would be working for, he seemed to be nice enough looking
    and smelled of a good quality cologne. We sat down to chat and things went
    pretty well, I confess that I took multiple opportunities to bend over or
    show off what was under my skirt but I didn't have the nerve to be overly
    aggressive or hint at what I would do to get this job. He thanked me for
    coming in and thought that we could likely work together as long as I realized
    that he was pretty demanding and I'd have to be able to live by that, no
    matter what. I said that I could and was ready to start immediately.   
 With that, he smiled and said to take
    this package home and see if I thought I had what it takes to work with him.
    I thought that was strange again but agreed to meet him the next day and
    give him a decision. I walked home and looked in the package and was in for
    a surprise...   
Part II coming soon.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RedGreenBlueMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





