BDSM Library - Debbie's Dilemma




Debbie's Dilemma
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Debbie really should not have cheated on Eddie!DEBBIE'S DILEMMA   
Or   
Don't Mess with Eddie!   
By   
Anne Gray   
(Inspired by an original
    Doggers drawing!)   
Debbie's boyfriend was a "Jack of all
    Trades" but Eddie specialized in custom metal work and was also a qualified
    electrician. They had been an item for nearly two years and Debbie had moved
    in to his home several months ago. The large property doubled as a workshop
    for his projects and offered privacy for their more erotic hobbies.   
Among other things they were into bondage.
    Well that is Eddie was quite expert at putting Debbie in bondage and she
    loved the feeling of helplessness that made it impossible for her to avoid
    his sexual attentions during a session. Not that she wanted to; the bondage
    just magnified the sensations. She was not into the pain scene and Eddie
    was very careful not to push things in that direction.   
They had a large collection of leather
    and latex fetish clothing plus all the ropes, chains and straps needed to
    follow their pastime but Debbie was still not satisfied.   
"Everyone does the same things as us Eddie." She
    said again one day as she was surfing the net for ideas. "Why can't you come
    up with something different just for me? Something that no one else has done!"   
Eddie said he'd think about it and then
    just let the request slowly germinate at the back of his mind.   
Then three things happened that gave Eddie
    the impetus to bring the matter forward and give it his undivided attention.   
He landed a contract to do some specialized
    wrought iron work out of town and was to be away for three days.   
Debbie got bored by the second day and
    went bar hopping.   
Eddie completed the job in two days and
    came home to surprise her in time to see the guy Debbie had picked up leaving
    their home and being sent on his way with a lingering kiss. He waited out
    of sight for a couple of hours and then drove up as if he had just arrived.
    Debbie damn near pissed herself at the narrow escape and thanked her lucky
    stars for it! This wasn't the first time she had been loose with her favours
    but it was the closest she had ever come to being caught.   
 She would eventually find out that her
    stars weren't that lucky but it took Eddie nearly a month of concealed, suppressed
    anger and hard work to prepare her punishment for cheating on him.   
Once his preparations were complete it
    didn't take much persuasion to talk Debbie into a bondage session. He soon
    had her in a leather arm binder that, while it put her arms out of commission
    behind her back, was not particularly tight.   
Sitting her up on a large flat workbench
    he put a cuff around each ankle and attached a chain to the left pulling
    it straight out to the side. Gently he forced the right leg in the other
    direction until Debbie was doing the splits and chained that one as well.
    The unsuspecting girl looked down to see that her crotch was very close to
    the edge of the table. Oh yeah she thought, he's going to drop his pants
    and take me standing up!   
But he didn't. What he did do was give
    her a kiss and then hold a ball gag against her teeth. With out a qualm,
    as she had done so many times, Debbie opened her mouth and got a very uncomfortable
    surprise.   
The gag was not one of their usual ones
    instead it was huge and Eddie stood in front of her with both hands around
    her jaw and his thumbs on it to force it in place. He let the anger show
    on his face as he increased the pressure and the rubber ball finally popped
    behind her teeth. The strap wasn't necessary but he buckled it tightly at
    the back of her head anyway.   
She stared at him and ummffed the unintelligible
    question she wanted answered.   
"You wanted something special, just for
    you and your going to get it." There was a snarl in Eddie's voice as he hooked
    a finger through Debbie's nipple rings and gave them a twist. "Maybe when
    I'm finished you will realize that screwing around on me was not a good idea."   
Fear replaced the questioning look in
    the girl's eyes and she shook her head violently to try and make him change
    his mind.   
It didn't work!   
Eddie busied himself pulling all of the
    last four weeks work out of hiding and Debbie's eyes grew wider and wider
    at the sight of what he stacked around her.   
Taking several deep breaths, and reminding
    himself to not let his anger at her hurry his meticulously planned revenge,
    he began by pushing her flat on her back and running a strap across her chest
    to hold her there; then he started on her legs.   
The heelless leather ballet boots were
    part of their regular bondage wardrobe and as he laced them up to Debbie's
    thighs she started to relax a bit forgetting the other things she had seen.
    The only thing she couldn't figure out was why he had first trimmed her toenails.   
Swiveling her around on the flat surface
    Eddie left her now leather encased legs again tied wide in the splits and
    with Debbie face down he began the job of immobilizing her arms. He handled
    her easily as he removed the arm sheath and tied each wrist to the front
    of the table.   
Getting a stool he arranged his supplies
    and, ignoring her grunted pleas and begging eyes, grabbed each finger on
    her right hand and cut the nails all the way back to the fingertip. He fitted
    a very tight kid leather glove over the hand and then taking the finger next
    to her thumb he bent it until the pad at the tip was tight against the base
    of the finger.   
The open metal band was &frac14;" wide
    and set in the jaws of a pair of special pliers. Slipping the band over the
    bent finger he settled it against the nail and slowly clamped it until the
    ends met over the top of the knuckle.   
Debbie's finger was now held permanently
    bent until he decided to release it. He did the same to the other seven fingers.
    The thumbs were locked across her palms with two larger bands that crossed
    the back of her hands and met over the bent thumb in the middle of her palms.
    Two thick leather mitts laced over the completely unusable and almost flat
    hands and the sleeves laced to her armpits. The mitts were boned from the
    uncomfortably bent and locked fingers to the elbow taking away any movement
    from her wrists.   
With her arms still stretched out in front
    of her, and strapped down, he had little difficulty getting the heavily boned
    corset under her torso and lacing it partially closed. Taking another of
    his tools Eddie hooked the two pins in the opposing grommets about five from
    the top and levered them closed. That allowed him to tighten the laces until
    the edges met.   
Following this process the corset was
    soon excruciatingly locked around her and crushing her waist to a ridiculous
    19", down from the 24" she had been so proud of! The corset covered from
    her neck to the top of her hipbones but left her breasts completely exposed.   
Leaving his girlfriend face down Eddie
    untied her right arm and bent it up her back in a wicked hammerlock until
    the back of her hand was flat against her shoulder blade, strapped it there
    and then did the same to her left arm. The metal band he selected fitted
    under and around the elbows and had raised flanges at each end.   
Fitting a long threaded bolt through the
    two flanges and screwing a nut on it he very slowly used a wrench to bring
    the two ends of the band together. It had to be done slowly to allow Debbie's
    muscles to adjust as her forearms were pulled together down the middle of
    her back. Patiently, Eddie worked until the ends of the metal restraint met
    and then used a hacksaw to cut off the extra length of the bolt protruding
    from the nut.   
He installed a similar but larger band
    around her body just above her breasts. The ends met in the middle of her
    back locking her hands and wrists flat against her spine and he stepped back
    to mentally review his next move.   
Tears were flowing down Debbie's face
    as she realized what her mistakes in the sack had cost her. She was unable
    to communicate with Eddie to apologize or beg and now knew that he would
    not listen anyway.   
He flipped her over on her back and selected
    a 1" metal band to fit around the base of her right breast. Once it was as
    tight as possible without breaking the skin he did the left one. These bands
    were his own design and had small oblong openings around the top edge of
    the rims and were connected to each other with a short bar.   
He removed Debbie's nipple rings and replaced
    them with copper caps held in place by thick pins through the nipple holes.
    A curved, flat metal piece hooked through one of the holes in the flange
    of the cap and its other end slotted in one of the openings in the top edge
    of the base ring. Four more followed until Debbie's breast was tightly caged
    in a web of metal bars; Eddie repeated the process on the other one.   
The breast cages were so tight that Debbie's
    skin bulged out through the spaces between the bars and she whimpered around
    the ball jammed in her mouth.   
The next item Eddie had made was also
    metal. It was a wide belt that he settled around her waist over the corset.
    A flat tongue on one end slid in the slot on the other end and as he added
    pressure there was a click when the pieces met and a locking pin fell in
    place. Two short metal rods snapped on the bottom of each breast band and
    then in openings in the top edge of the belt.   
A matching wide metal collar wrapped snugly
    around the helpless girl's throat and Eddie connected it to the front and
    back of the band around her upper body to prevent her head from moving.   
Pushing her flat on the bench again Eddie
    moved his attention to her crotch. She kept it shaved and had done it that
    morning so that was one thing he didn't have to do.   
He had picked up the butt plug and dildo
    from the "toy" store in the city but then adapted them so they could be fixed
    to a curved metal crotch piece he had made that would lock to the front and
    back of the waist belt.   
They were both made of hard rubber but
    had several metal studs along their length as well of several areas where
    the rubber was much thinner and quite flexible.   
About the only merciful thing he would
    do during the process of preparing Debbie he did now by squeezing a good
    dollop of KY on the opening to her back entrance and some more on the knob
    of the butt plug before he worked it inside.   
The dildo received similar attention and
    was promptly rammed inside her vagina. The crotch piece slid in place securing
    the two intruders deeply inside but before he locked it to the waist belt
    Eddie pushed a small metal clamp through a hole in it and captured Debbie's
    clit in the jaws.   
He untied her right foot and swung her
    around until her legs were together then used metal bands at the mid thigh,
    below the knees and around her ankles. He joined them with metal rods up
    the outside of each leg taking away any possibility of them bending.   
The metal cone shaped piece he picked
    up next came to a sharp point and the two halves were hinged down their length.
    Settling Debbie's feet already encased in the ballet boots inside the cone
    he pulled her to the end of the bench and used the large vice to slowly bring
    the two halves together until the locking pins engaged.   
The metal sheathed Debbie's legs from
    mid-calve ending in the point below her tortured toes and now, from the neck
    down, she could not move a muscle.   
Eddie studied the leather and metal bound
    form lying in front of him and decided that, for now, he would let her keep
    her hair. He forced a rubber plug in Debbie's left ear and a small speaker,
    much like a hearing aid, in the other then pulled a heavy rubber cap over
    her head.   
Inserting a wedge between her back teeth
    he forced her jaws apart another fraction and was able to work the ball out
    of her mouth. She was gurgling at him but the wedge made any intelligible
    speech impossible and he ignored her as he captured her tongue, pulled it
    out and installed the hard rubber clamp around it.   
The clamp had a metal stud on the top
    and bottom and, as he stuffed it back between her teeth he made sure a small
    wire from it hung outside her mouth.   
Removing the wedge he forced her jaws
    as close together as they would go over the packing in her mouth and then
    ran several turns of wide tape around her head completing the gag.   
He thought the helmet was one of the best
    pieces of metal work he had ever done. Like the foot cone it was in two halves.
    The back one fitted from the neck collar and up behind her ears to the crown
    of her head while the front half molded to her face with just small openings
    for her to see through and two short tubes that fed up in her nostrils. He
    locked it in place and, just for show, held up a large padlock for her to
    see before he fed the hasp through metal loops under her chin and snapped
    it closed.   
The round turntable was 3' across and
    very stable as it sat about 4" off the floor in the center of the room. Two
    waist high posts were set vertically just in from the edges and there was
    a small hole in the middle.   
Eddie was in excellent shape and had no
    problem carrying Debbie's rigid body over to the turntable, positioning the
    point of the foot cone in the center hole, and holding her upright while
    he swung metal arms from the top of each post and locked them to the waist
    belt.   
He spent several minutes making sure that
    most of the pieces of metal that held Debbie so immobile were properly hooked
    up with electrical wire and plugged the final connection in an adaptor screwed
    to the turntable.   
Wheeling over a table with a computer
    on it next to the victim of his revenge Eddie then collected a 3" wide metal
    band and, using a step stool, hung it over her head to a chandelier like
    apparatus he lowered from the ceiling. Lowering it further he guided it down
    until it encircled Debbie's body with the metal nipple caps just touching
    the inside.   
A wire dropped from the ceiling and he
    connected that to the computer that he booted up.   
Eddie pulled a beer from the fridge against
    the wall and sipped on it as he stood where Debbie could see him. Using a
    small microphone wired to her earplug so she could hear him he said, "Now
    you cheating bitch, let me explain this set up for you."   
"First of all you can get used to the
    idea that your arms will stay as they are except for maybe once a month when
    I'll undo everything and clip your nails before I put you back where you
    belong. Unless, that is, I come up with a better idea. The same with the
    boots so you better learn to walk on your toes when I let you off the turntable."   
"Everything is wired together and the
    contacts are those caps on your tits. As the turntable rotates very slowly
    the caps will slide around the inside of the band. Some of the inside is
    lined with different lengths of rubber but the rest is bare metal. I've set
    the computer to a random program and when one of the nipple caps hits metal
    a circuit is completed. As you continue to turn and both contacts land on
    metal, that's another circuit; there are dozens of combinations and your
    only relief will be when both contacts are on rubber.   
 "You'll get &ndash; well &ndash; lets
    say titillated somewhere different each time &ndash; your tits, the butt
    plug, the dildo, your clit and even your tongue or maybe two or three of
    them. When the program hits the plugs they can also inflate which will cause
    the flexible bits to expand inside you and become somewhat uncomfortable.
    When the turntable has completed a revolution, which takes an hour, the computer
    will start a new random program.   
You couldn't wait for me to get home,
    well now you are going to get much more than frustrated because I designed
    this program to tease you to the nth degree without giving you enough impetus
    to take you over the top. My gift to you for cheating on me is to keep you
    tottering on the edge of satisfaction for as long as I like."   
 There was one other item programmed in
    the computer that he didn't tell her about. Every once in a while, without
    warning, the system would close the tiny traps inside her nose for 15, 30
    or, occasionally, 45 seconds shutting off her air. That, he felt, should
    scare the hell out of her more than anything else he had done.   
Finishing his beer Eddie looked through
    the metal eyeholes into Debbie's tear filled eyes and told her, "In a day
    or so I think you'll be begging me to bring you off and I'll consider it,
    maybe. By the way, I'm going bar hopping so enjoy yourself until I get back."   
He shut off the microphone, pushed a key
    on the computer pad and the turntable started in motion.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne Gray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





