BDSM Library - New York Can Be Such An Exciting Place To Visit




New York Can Be Such An Exciting Place To Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female miami attorney comes to NYC on business. Opposing counsel introduces her to bdsm and her true sexual self.New York can be such an exciting place to visit. It's frustrating when you are
  there to work, and you would like some time to play. 
I'm Oralia Cruz, and I'm an attorney in Miami. I was in New York to take
  a series of depositions for a class action suit my firm is currently working
  on. The damn depos are scheduled from first thing in the morning to last thing
  at night. By the time I would finish each day, I barely had the energy to get
  a bite to eat and fall into bed back at my hotel. And yet I had the feeling
  that it might be a long time before I get to visit the big apple again. I had
  to get some free time. 
The Friday afternoon depo was especially grueling. It took all of my will
  power to keep my head in the game. The deponent was a records clerk at a reinsurance
  company. It was clear that his life was incredibly boring. And my job was to
  listen to him talk about his boring existence! 
The only relief was the insurance company's attorney. He was very cute, about
  35 years old, and had a good sense of humor. Several times during the afternoon,
  while I was cross-examining the witness, I saw him checking me out. 
We finally finished at about 6pm. What a day, I'm exhausted again. "Will
  that be all?" Yes I told the stenographer. I'll want a complete set I told
  her. The company's attorney, Ron Carpenter also ordered a complete set of transcripts.
  She asked if the witness wants to read the draft transcript first, but Ron
  told her that the witness waives reading. 
Ron leaned over and had a short conversation with the witness, a Mr. Archie
  Sanders. By the time they had concluded, he said, "you go on home now Archie,
  I need to have a few words with Ms. Cruz before I leave." Archie and the stenographer
  left the room at about the same time, leaving me alone with Mr. Carpenter. 
"Would you like to get a drink? Maybe a bite to eat?" 
"I'm really tired, maybe another time." 
"You don't get to New York all that often. You need to take advantage of
  the opportunity and see something of the City before you go home." 
"Well maybe just a quick drink, but I need to go to my hotel room first and
  freshen up." The depos were in a conference room in the same hotel where I
  was staying, so this wasn't all that much to ask. If nothing else, I needed
  to get a jacket. Southern girls aren't used to the autumn chill. It also gave
  me a chance to fix my makeup and comb my hair. I wasn't expecting a date. This
  could be fun. I was starting to get into the idea. 
I hurried down to the lobby of the hotel to find Ron waiting just where he
  said he would be. "Where are we going?" 
"A little club I know down in Soho." 
"Soho? Where is that?" I'd never heard of Soho, but then again why should
  I have heard of it? 
"It's the area just south of Houston Street in Manhattan. It's a good place
  to go for a drink and dinner without running into the tourists." 
We got a cab just outside the hotel. Ron told the driver where we wanted
  to go. At first we chatted about the case. Ron was a hired gun, just as I was.
  Partners would make the real decisions. My job, and his, was to gather the
  raw data. 
"So, are you married?" 
   
It always comes to that sooner or later. "Yes, married with a seven year
  old son." 
"What does your husband do?" 
"He was in construction, but he was hurt in an auto accident and can't work
  now, so he's a stay at home dad and I'm the bread winner." 
"Interesting. So you're the dominant at home as well as playing a dominating
  role at work. Is that hard for you?" 
"I'm not sure I know what you mean." 
"You're an attorney. Your job requires you to be a forceful, take-charge
  type person. Your job requires you to dominate your opposition. Then when you
  go home, you're the bread-winner which places you in the dominant position
  at home as well. It seems to me that is a difficult role for a woman to play
  24/7. How do you do it?" 
"I think I see what you're saying. Yes, it would be nice to have someone
  for me to lean on. I could be very comfortable taking orders for a change instead
  of giving them, but that's not the situation I'm in. And you, are you married?" 
"Never been married. Haven't ever been able to find the right woman who shares
  my interests." 
"And what are these interests of yours that no one else shares." 
"I didn't say no one else shares my interests. I just said that I have never
  found anyone that I wanted to marry who shared my interests." 
I didn't know what he meant, but at least the conversation was starting to
  get a l bit interesting. We arrived at the restaurant and Ron paid the cab
  driver. The restaurant was fairly nondescript, at least on the outside. 
Inside it was dark. At first I couldn't see a thing. It seemed like there
  was no light at all inside. A man in a dark suit showed us to a table. The
  man seemed to know Ron. After we sat down, a waitress came to our table to
  take a drink order. By now my eyes were starting to adjust to the dim light.
  I could see that the waitress had spiked hair, bad makeup, several piercing
  in her ears, nose and lips, and was otherwise wearing a very revealing outfit.
  The whole effect can be summed up as "slut." I ordered a gin and tonic. 
"Well, we got past the first test didn't we?" 
I didn't know what he was talking about so I asked him to explain. "Well
  Oralia, many of the girls I bring to this place walk out, but you ordered a
  drink. That's good!" 
"What is this place? Is it a strip club? I notice that the waitresses are
  fairly underdressed." Now that my eyes were adjusting to the light, I could
  see that the entire wait staff was wearing thongs. "This is a strip club isn't
  it?" 
"No, it's not a strip club Oralia. It's a place for people to come who share
  the same interests." 
"Those interests that you alluded to in the cab, but never described?" 
"Yes, those interests." 
"Are you going to tell me know what kind of club this is?" I was starting
  to get annoyed with him. At the same time, I was curious as can be to find
  out what was going on. 
"It is sort of a sex club. Different people here have different fetishes.
  Many have the same fetishes. No one here judges anyone else on the basis of
  their sexual desires. It's a place to come and just have some fun." 
"And on the basis of working with me for four days you decided that I would
  be interested in going to a sex club with you?" 
"Actually, yes I did. I have found that I am quite astute at judging which
  women will be interested in this, and which women will not be interested. By
  the second day of depositions, I was sure that you would be one of those interested
  in something exciting." 
I was seated on a bench, with a wall to my right and Ron to my left. I was
  kind of trapped in a corner. Ron slid over on the bench so that I was literally
  pinned between him and the wall. 
I started to pushed the table out of the way in front of me, and make my
  escape. 
"Oralia, sit down and be quiet!" There was a commanding presence in his voice
  that had not been there before. 
I was tired after a long day, I was already on the second drink, I was horny,
  I was curious about the "sex club" and I was impressed with Ron's command to
  sit and be quiet. All of the above resulted in inaction on my part. 
"The man who showed us to our table will call you a cab anytime you want
  to go back to your hotel. As long as you stay here, you stay voluntarily. And
  as long as you are here, you will do everything I tell you to do without any
  questions. Do you understand all of that?" 
I shook my head yes. I knew what I was doing, but I felt lightheaded and
  excited all at the same time. 
"Do you want him to call you a cab?" I shook my head no. "Speak up Oralia,
  I want to hear you say that you want to be here of your own free will." 
I looked down at my lap for a moment, then I looked up at him. At that moment
  I felt so incredibly horny, I was ready to do anything. "Ron, I am with you
  at a sex club of my own free will. Furthermore, I am putting you in charge,
  I will do anything you ask me to do, without question." 
"Nicely said, Oralia. Now, pull your skirt up and take your panties off.
  Hand the panties to me, and then sit on the bench. I want your nude ass sticking
  to the leather bench. Do you understand?" 
I shook my head yes. I already felt the tingle in my chest. The adrenaline
  was pumping through my veins. I was more excited than I had been in many years.
  Suddenly I was totally alive, as if I had been in a daze for a very long time
  and now I was waking up. I pulled up my skirt and slid my panties down to my
  knees. From there I was able to get one leg out and then another leg. I handed
  my panties to Ron. My heart was racing. I arranged my skirt around me on the
  bench so that my naked ass was on the leather. And it did stick to my skin. 
Ron put my panties on a hook on the wall about three feet over my head. Several
  men at other tables turned towards us and toasted Ron. I looked around and
  found that all of the tables had a similar hook. Many of the hooks had various
  articles of women's clothing on them. I looked at some of the other women.
  Several had their panties hanging on the wall over their heads and were seated
  on the benches much as I was. A few hooks also had bras on them. The women
  under those hooks were topless. My heart raced. 
"Spread your legs, I want to check you." I was just dumbfounded at first. "Spread
  you legs, Oralia my bitch!" I spread my legs. Ron lifted the front of my skirt,
  and took a moment to look at my snatch. "You have a nice little pussy, bitch." Then,
  holding the skirt with his right hand, he put his left hand between my thighs.
  His middle finger quickly found my cunt, and he pushed it in me. "You're hot,
  bitch." He laughed a somewhat evil laugh. My level of excitement was rising.
  It was all I could do to sit still on the bench. 
By now, I was on my third gin and tonic. I never have more than two and usually
  just one. I was feeling somewhat giddy. I was hot. Ron's hand came out from
  inside me. He pointed out some of his friends seated around the room. It was
  as much for me to see them as for me to be seen by them. I noticed that some
  of the women were totally naked by now. Two of the women had moved from their
  spots on the bench to kneel on the floor next to their respective men. All
  of their clothing now hung from the hook on the wall. As each of these women
  knelt down next to their man, the man placed a leather collar around the woman's
  neck. Attached to the collar was a leash. The man held the other end of the
  leash. The women had becomes pets. "You see what is happening here Oralia?" Suddenly
  I was back to concentrating on Ron and me rather than on the other women. "The
  creatures that came in here as women have now become bitches. That is bitches,
  as in female dogs. We are going to have a little dog show tonight. You are
  now going to be my sweet little bitch dog." With this, he gently stroked my
  face as an owner would stroke his dog. "This is the last chance out, Oralia.
  Do you want the man to call you a cab?" Without hesitation, I shook my head
  no. 
"Take off your blouse and your bra." I started unbuttoning my blouse. I slipped
  it off and began folding it. Ron grabbed it and hung it on the hook over my
  head. "Just do as you're told and nothing more, bitch." Ron unhooked my bra.
  I slipped it down off my arms and my breasts. After Ron had put the bra on
  the hook he told me to turn towards him. He reached into his pocket and came
  out with a chain. On either end of the chain were alligator clamps. Ron attached
  one clamp to each of my nipples. Then he turned a thumbscrew on each clamp
  that adjusted the tension. He increased the tension of each clamp until it
  was on the verge of pain. 
"Kick your shoes off and leave them under the table." I did so. "Now, when
  I get up, I want you to slide out of the booth, and stand next to me." Ron
  got up, and I slid out of the booth and stood next to him. I was still wearing
  my skirt, but nothing else. I noticed that almost all the women in the room
  were now nude and collared and kneeling next to their men. Before I realized
  what he had done, Ron removed my skirt and hung it on the hook. I was nude
  also. My heart was racing. I thought it might explode inside my chest. I could
  feel the juices flowing in my pussy. 
"Kneel down next to me as the others are doing." I knelt down on the floor
  as I saw the others doing. My legs were folded under me, my back was straight
  and head slightly down. My arms were at my side, with my hands turned upward. "That's
  not right. You have your legs folded underneath you. The others have their
  legs slightly to the outside. This is so that your ass will be spread, and
  also that your cunt is touching the floor. When you leave, I want there to
  be a trail of cunt juice where you were kneeling." I moved my legs to the side.
  I could feel my ass spreading open and my cunt touching the floor. The floor
  was dry and dusty. I was sure that I would have no problem leaving a stain
  on it. 
Ron produced a leather collar and collared me. A moment later I was leashed
  to him. I sat quietly, my heart was ready to jump out of my throat, but I sat
  quietly. I could tell that Ron was excited. Not only from the bulge in his
  pants, but the sweat on his brow and upper lip. He was excited as well. 
The man who had showed us to our seats was now standing at the front of the
  room. He welcomed everyone to the "Zanzibar Room." A spot light came on where
  the man was standing. Then he announced that tonight was the night of their
  monthly "bitch contest." He was pleased to announce that there were a record
  29 entries in the contest. 
"When did you enter me in this contest?" 
"Tuesday night," came Ron's reply. 
"You only knew me for one day on Tuesday!" 
"That's right. Now shut up, bitches don't speak." Was I that easy to read?
  I didn't think so. Maybe this guy really does have a gift for reading a horny
  bitch. 
"Our first contestant is Bitch Daisy," came the man's voice. I really couldn't
  see what was going on from where I was. Kneeling on the floor at the back of
  the room, while all the men are standing in front of me did not make for a
  good view at all. 
It seemed like forever, but finally the man said, "and another first timer,
  Bitch Betsy." Ron pulled on my chain. I started to stand up. 
"On all fours you stupid bitch!" I quickly got down again, and followed Ron,
  crawling on all fours. As we passed through the crowd on our way to the lighted
  stage area I had a constant barrage of men's hands on me. Both of my tits got
  pulled, and my ass was constantly patted, caressed, pinched, etc. At least
  two different men put their finger into my cunt and one put his finger up my
  asshole. 
The MC announced, "one more newcomer, Bitch Barbie." I realized that I was "Bitch
  Barbie." When we reached the lighted area, Ron directed me to get on a table
  covered in a table cloth. The table was in the center of a very bright spot
  light. Once on the table, and still on all fours, I was instructed to face
  the audience, which I did. The MC grabbed my hair and pulled my head up so
  that I was looking at the audience. There was a slight applause. I realized
  that in the very unlikely event that someone I knew was out there, there was
  no denying that the naked bitch on the examining block was me. A chill of fear
  came over me for a moment, but passed. 
The MC took a riding crop he was holding in his other hand and began rhythmically
  slapping my tits. This made them bounce and swing. His cropping was timed to
  get the most bounce and swing he could out of my boobs. There was some laughter
  and approval from the audience as he did this. "Good tit firmness and a very
  nice bounce," the man announced. 
Then he reached under me and patted my stomach with his open hand. A moment
  later his hand went lower and patted my beaver. "Nice and firm, no excess fat
  on this one." He lowered the microphone and said, "turn around." As he did
  this, Ron pulled on my leash and turned me so that I was now facing the wall
  and my ass was in the spotlight facing the audience. 
Ron pulled one of my knees while the MC pulled the other. Each of them put
  a small leather thong attached to the table around my knee. Thus, I was spread
  open for everyone to see. The man hit me on the left cheek with the riding
  crop. Then he hit me on the right. Ron was holding my head so that I would
  not move. "Very nice firm rump," said the man. The riding crop came up between
  my legs. It stopped short, but the head of the crop arched forward and then
  snapped back right on my exposed clit. I jumped. "Good clitoral sensitivity," said
  the man. Suddenly there was something in my cunt. It wasn't a finger and I
  couldn't see what it was. Just as suddenly it was withdrawn. "Excellent vaginal
  fluids," the man announced. 
Ron began to untie my knees as the man said, "and that was Bitch Barbie.
  Our next contestant is Bitch Judy." In a moment, Ron had both knees untied. 
He led me down from the table and into a hallway. At the end of the hallway
  was a room with no door on it. The two bitches that had preceded me in the
  contest were there with their men. The men had their pants off and were in
  the process of fucking their girls. Ron stood me up and pushed me over the
  back of a couch. "I've been waiting all night for this," he said. I could see
  that Ron's cock was stiff as a board. 
"I have too, Ron." 
He slapped my ass quite hard. "Oralia, bitches don't talk." 
He was on me in nothing flat, pumping me from behind. I pulled myself forward
  on the couch and got my knees up on the back of the couch so that I was wide
  open for Ron. Ron was going deeper and deeper inside me. I came and then I
  came again and then I came again. The excitement of the evening was all coming
  into the orgasms that I now felt. Ron pushed inside me as far as he could go.
  Suddenly, I could feel him erupt. Literally it was an explosion inside me.
  It was the best sex I had ever had. 
When I recovered my senses, I noticed that the couples who had been in the
  room had left, and two new couples, the ones on stage after me had taken their
  places. Both girls were having the time of their lives as their men fucked
  the daylights out of them. I smiled. 
Ron removed the leash as we left the room. Farther down the hall, our waitress
  was waiting with my shoes. I put my shoes on, and then she handed me an oversize
  jacket to wear. The jacket said "Zanzibar Room" on the back. She told me to
  put it on. The jacket was just long enough to cover my ass &ndash; barely.
  She handed me a cloth bag. Ron told me that my clothes were in the bag, but
  that I could not put them back on until I got home. In my case, back to my
  hotel. 
I started to zip up the jacket. "Leave it unzipped," Ron told me. I'd done
  everything else he told me that night, so why not. I left the zipper about
  an inch and a half from the bottom, just enough to keep the jacked closed.
  We went through the door at the end of the hall. We were outside and Ron was
  hailing a cab. I suddenly realized that I was chilly. I was wearing my collar
  and my shoes and the Zanzibar jacket that just barely covered my ass. A cab
  pulled over and we got in. Ron told the driver to head for my hotel. 
I could see that the cab driver was checking me out in his rear view mirror. "Kneel
  on the floor," Ron said. I slid off the seat and onto the dirty floor of the
  cab. Ron's right hand was on my ass. He was squeezing my ass cheeks. His hand
  slid down until his finger found my cunt. He began massaging my cunt. I was
  trying not to moan, I didn't want the cab driver to know. I closed my eyes
  and bit my lower lip. "Good show," Ron said to me as he stopped rubbing my
  clit. "The jacket is open, and the driver has been checking out your boobs." 
I opened my eyes to see the driver making quick glances back and forth between
  me and the road. The jacket was indeed open. "Sit back on the seat, zip up
  your jacket, and be a good girl," Ron said. I slid back on the seat, zipped
  the jacket up to my neck, and curled up next to him. 
When we arrived at the hotel, Ron paid the driver. Then he grabbed my garment
  bag and opened the door. "Give the driver a show," said Ron. I slid across
  the seat. As I exited the cab, I lifted the back of the jacket while standing
  in front of the driver's window. Quickly I put the jacket back down and followed
  Ron into the hotel. 
We got off at the sixth floor and quickly found my room. I put the room key
  in the door, and was practically shoved into the room by Ron. He pushed me
  down on the bed, unzipped the jacket, and went down on me. It felt wonderful,
  and I was much to tired to put up a fuss. His tongue found my clit and made
  little circles around it. I was in heaven. A minute later, I rolled over, so
  that Ron was on the bottom, and I was sitting my cunt on his face. While he
  continued his work, I found his zipper. I undid his pants and quickly found
  his cock. It felt so stiff and hard in my mouth. I treated it like an ice cream
  cone. Finally the ice cream cone erupted. I had already come four times by
  then. 
The next I knew, it was morning. Ron was just waking up next to me. 
We had a nice talk about the night before. "It's really just a game," said
  Ron. "It's just pretend. There are a lot more safeguards there then you could
  possibly know about. The bitch contest is just for newbies. The real game is
  an auction. The bitch is auctioned off to the highest bidder. It's a form of
  wife swapping, except that we're not married. Now that you've had a taste of
  the game, do you think you might like the real thing?" 
"It's not that far from Miami, and the air fares are really low now. I'll
  let you know, but I think I would like to explore my kinky side some more.
  In the meantime though, I'm going to hand you your head on this law suit." 
"Hand me my head! I like the sound of that." Ron smiled. 
New York can be such an exciting place to visit. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oralia Cruz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





