BDSM Library - The Friend




The Friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was alone and without a friend ...Until he came upon her...The Friend  
When she walked in off the street every eye was upon her...the room fell
  suddenly quiet.  
She walked into the pub and handed the bar keeper a small slip of paper her
  head was down and it was hard to see her face, but you could tell she had to
  be beautiful... as she sipped her drink a small sigh came from her...  
I walked over to introduce myself...when I got closer I could tell she was
  crying softly, but not making a sound...My heart broke. Who could be responsible
  for making this exquisite creature cry?  
Her name I did not know, she was exquisite to look at. With her long flowing
  hair... small heart shaped face...the curves of her body were well proportioned....
  She was wearing a black corset over a white peasant top that fell over her
  shoulders just so... she had on a long black skirt That was loose and flowing
  all the way to the floor...she wore over this a black cloak made of what looked
  to be the softest black ermine one has ever seen.  
Standing behind her I whispered into her ear come sit with me...with her
  head down she followed me to a table in the back of the pub I turned to watch
  as she came to my table...instead of sitting on the chair she feel quietly
  to the floor at my feet...her head resting on my knee.  
I stroked her hair, I could feel her sobbing I wanted so much to help her
  but I didn't know what was wrong. I lifted her face to look into her eyes and
  the dark pools pulled me in. There was such sadness there I felt as if my heart
  was going to shatter!  
I asked her why she was crying so...and she never said a word she just held
  onto my legs tighter...I pulled her hair back away from her face and that is
  when I saw! She had been beaten! Her face, her beautiful face was black and
  blue on one side! I pulled her into my arms and she lay there against me weeping
  silently.  
She was as fragile as a little baby I picked her up and carried her out of
  the pub to my auto. I opened the door and placed her on the seat closing the
  door I went around to the other side and climbed in.  
I drove quickly to the nearest hospital Our Angel Of Mercy   was
  just a few miles away pulling into the drive I pulled the auto into an open
  slot and shut it off, I went around and opened the door as I reached in to
  pick her up she collapsed into my arms.  
I carried her into the emergency department I walked to the window and they
  asked "what is wrong?" "I believe she has been beaten and probably raped!" I
  told the charge nurse. We were rushed into a private room and the door was
  closed "lay her there on the table" she said "I will get the doctor" and she
  left us there alone.  
A rather small looking woman in white came into the room followed by a police
  officer..."Can you tell me what happened?" Asked the Officer. I began to tell
  her what I knew which of course was very little I explained how I was sitting
  in the pub when she walked in and I walked over to talk to her. I told her
  how as soon as I noticed the bruises I brought her here.  
The Office thanked me and asked me to wait out in the waiting area, but as
  I started to walk away she reached out and held on to me. The officer tried
  to console her but she would not let go.... Finally they agreed that I could
  stay.  
 " We need to get her into a gown do you think she will let you help her?" The
  nurse asked, and I looked into those dark pools, which were her eyes, and she
  nodded. They left the room and I was left behind to help, as I removed the
  cloak and dropped it over a chair in the room I saw the most beautiful woman
  I had ever seen in my life... I helped her remove the corset and then the top
  I was so close to tears at the sight of her soft creamy skin covered with black
  and blue bruises. I helped her into the gown before removing her skirt.  
I could not bear the sight of her lovely body covered in bruises; I turned
  away as she removed her panties and lay them on the bed. The nurse and Officer
  walked in as if on cue as she lay down and pulled the sheet across herself.
  The nurse was checking on her bruises and the Officer was trying to ask questions....
  I had not heard her utter a word not in all the time we had been together.
  And she was not speaking now she would shake her head and nod but would not
  talk; I was not sure if she could talk, or if she was just in shock. The doctor
  arrived and asked me to step out and as I turned to leave she grasped my hand
  and would not let it go. The doctor ordered some type of sedative and once
  it was given she relaxed enough to let me go as far as the chair in the corner
  of the room.  
The doctor and nurse began to examine her more closely as they worked her
  up and did the required rape kit... The nurse reached for her left hand, grasped
  tightly in it was a small back pouch; she would not let it go.  
The Officer went over to the bed and asked was the pouch important to her
  and she shook her head as to say no....but then handed the pouch to the Officer....  
The nurse gave the Officer a small baggie and she then opened the pouch and
  emptied the pouch into it. *There was a loud gasp! Inside the baggie lay the
  last digit of what looked to be a finger... "who does this belong too" asked
  the Officer.... And she nodded... It was clear it belonged to who ever had
  done this to her!  
The Police Officer called in a special interpreter to speak to her, and within
  a few minutes they had a description of the man.  
As the doctor worker her way down the girls body she came to an ankle bracelet
  it read *ANGEL...  
Was that her name? Where had she come from, who was she really? So many unanswered
  questions... Everyone left and it was just the two of us in the room Angel
  and me.... I walked over to her and sat on the edge of the bed I held her hand
  as we waited for someone to return.  
The orderly came in and we went up stairs to X-ray and then to have a CAT
  scan. We didn't have to go back down to emergency; the orderly brought us up
  stairs to a private room. Once again we were alone...her and I ...*My sweet,
  sweet Angel.  
It was very early in the morning when she finally fell asleep. I just sat
  there watching her sleep. The day wore on and still she slept, the doctor and
  nurse came and went several times, always saying the same thing the medicine
  is helping her rest...it will be a while until she wakes.... And yet I sat
  there waiting....  
What is this strong attraction I have for this helpless creature, or maybe
  that's just it, it is the helplessness that draws me to her...  
...Later.  
The sun was up and a new day had dawned and yet, I still remained by her
  side. There is a sad hardness to her, yet at the same time she lay there looking
  like a helpless child in a woman's body.  
The door opens and an Officer walks in this is not the same one from last
  night, He asks if he can speak to me and we step outside the room. "Could you
  tell me where you were last night when you met Angel?" I look at him and said "I
  spoke to the Officer that was here last night don't you have the report?"  
He tells me ..."I just need to confirm what was said last night." So once
  again I go through the whole story again... and he looks at me and says "we
  have someone in custody there is a good chance that he will confess I really
  need to know if you had an opportunity to see the guy?" I tell him I was in
  the pub from 8:30 until around 10:30 when I brought Miss Angel into the hospital
  I don't know when or where I might have seen him."  
The Officer explains that there is DNA evidence that I was with her.... I
  look astonished *What! "What do you mean I was with her?" He says "there were
  fibers from your clothes and hairs that could only belong to you on her clothing." I
  tell him "well of course there were I carried her to my Auto and then into
  the hospital...I also helped her undress because she would not let me leave
  her side and didn't want anyone touching her."  
"Well I will have to speak to her, Alone I have to verify what you are telling
  me"... he says.  
We walk back into the room just as she is waking up, the police Officer explains
  that he needs to talk to her alone and she shakes her head NO! I try to explain
  that I will be outside the door but as I try to leave she grasps my arm and
  will not let go.... I look at him and say "you see this is what happened last
  night." There is nothing I can do about it she has clung to me since I found
  her...  
The Officer shakes his head softly, walks out of the room and a few short
  minutes later... He walks back in with the doctor and two nurses; my sweet
  Angel looks like she is about to bolt! The doctor puts something into her I.V.
  and the nurses stand on either side of her bed...They pry her hands off my
  arm and the Officer leads me out of the room.  
"Now you wait here I will try to be as quick as possible." He re-enters the
  room... the next few moments pass quickly and he is back outside with me.  
"I don't think I am going to get anything from her, she has definitely been
  traumatized"..."I will have to take your word for it for now I want you to
  know I will also be speaking with the nurses and doctors from last night as
  well and if I think for one minute that you had anything to do with this I
  will hang your ass. GOT IT!"  
I look at the man standing there and just shake my head and say "so I am
  guessing you feel as I do.... I'm ready to hang this guy by the nuts!" He looks
  shocked! And then with a sad smile he agrees...shakes my hand and says "Good-Bye"  
I go back to her side and she grasps my arm and pulls me closer, looking
  into my eyes, I see that she has had about enough of this. I look at the doctor
  ...Hey can she leave here?" Well, I don't think she will get any worse if she
  goes home so yes, she can go I'll sign the papers it will take about 15 minutes
  then you can take her home.... Just leave the address where you will be taking
  her incase the police need to talk to her again.  
Less than 30 minutes later we are in my auto on our way...I don't know where
  to take her so I give her a piece of paper and a pen. "Write your address down
  please." She looks at the paper and then slowly writes the address...&gt; 165
  West Herron Street. I drive along the street amazed at the buildings they are
  all old warehouses. When we arrive at &gt;165 I pull over and we get out. The
  door has an electric code box and after she pushes a sequence of numbers the
  door slides open.  
Inside there is a long hall with an elevator we enter the elevator and again
  must put in a code to make it work...she pushes the button for the second floor....
  When the doors open I am shocked.... The place is as beautiful as she is.  
It is a studio with an open floor plan and everything in the room speaks
  of taste not just ordinary everyday good taste, but opulence the kind of luxury
  and sumptuousness one would find in a high priced hotel in New York, or Paris!  
She walks to the other side of the room and drops her cape on a chase lounge
  that looks like it is covered in real leather, not the kind you find in retail
  stores but real leather like from some exotic animal... she turns and looks
  at me with a quizzical look on her face and all I can do is smile.  
She motions for me to follow her and I do. We walk behind a glass cube wall
  and there I see the largest bathroom I have ever seen. She turns on the water
  that flows into a tub that looks more like a small pool and adds what smells
  like rose oil and lavender to the water.  
Turning her back to me she lifts her hair so I can reach the ties in her
  corset...I help her out of it and she lets it fall to the floor...sliding the
  peasant top off she lets that also fall to the floor, then goes over to the
  tub and checks the water in the tub it is almost full. Slipping out of her
  shirt she slowly steps into the hot tub of water I watch my eyes as wide as
  a schoolboy, as she smiles softy and beckons me to come to her.  
I walk over to the tub and she motions for me to sit and I do. I watch as
  she rubs * what I believe to be a sea sponge over her bruised body. She winces
  as the rough sponge crosses the scrapes and bruises. Small tears run down her
  cheeks. I take off my shirt and take the sponge from her I lean over her and
  softly clean her torn and bruised body.  
She reaches for me, sliding her hands over my chest and down my abdomen she
  comes to my belt looking into her eyes I am lost once again in the dark pools
  of her lovely eyes. I swallow hard and watch her face as she works my belt
  off and then undoes my pants.... She slides her wet hands down into the top
  of them and with those eyes...she asks for help.  
Before I know it I am standing over her, naked my swollen cock hard and wanting
  her. She reaches up and pulls me down into the tub with her she moves close
  to me and lays her head on my chest. I feel her relax and it all makes sense
  suddenly this was not about sexual contact she needed me... she needed me to
  hold her to comfort her not in a sexual way but in a loving and tender way...  
We stayed like that together there in the tub for the longest time just holding
  each other. To my surprise the water never got cold...I look into her face
  a see she is exhausted I stand and lift her out of the tub and carry her to
  the other room, looking around I don't see a bed.  
Then I see a set of stairs and start up them, upon reaching the top I see
  the bed! It is huge, I carry her to it and pull back the blankets and place
  her in the bed. I am about to leave when she pulls me back, back to the bed,
  her bed... I lay there in her bed watching her sleep with her head in the crook
  of my arm.  
What am I missing? What is it about her? All of this in the middle of a warehouse
  district.... Her and her wondrous things here among the ugliness. I lay back
  and close my eyes...I wake to find myself alone...I jump out of bed thinking
  maybe this was all a wonderful ...horrible dream... I fly down the stairs nothing
  has changed it is all the same except the cloak she wore is no loner on the
  chase lounge. I see a black robe lying in its place, I pick it up and put it
  on and as I walk around I tie it.  
I find her, sitting in the window over looking the water... she is wearing
  nothing at all! I come up behind her and wrap my arms around her and she leans
  into my chest. I smell the rose and lavender in her hair; I lean down and kiss
  the top of her head. She looks up at me with a shy but curious smile on her
  lips...  
She stands and takes my hand and draws me with her as she crosses the room.
  There is a door I did not notice last night; come to think of it I didn't notice
  when I came looking for her either. She leads me to the door and again there
  is a code pad...she pushes the correct sequence and the door opens. It is dark
  inside but she pulls me in, this must be a special place and she knows it in
  the dark we walk around the room to the far wall and she turns on a switch
  it lights small candle like lights around the room not enough to light the
  room entirely but enough to leave several areas in shadow...  
She places her hands on my chest as if to say wait... then she stands on
  her toes and kisses my cheek. Sliding her hand down my chest she wraps her
  arm around my waist. She pulls me across the room and when we get to where
  she wants me to be she points to a chair and motions for me to sit down and
  I do.  
I sit in a large leather chair it is soft, and yet firm. I watch as she begins
  pulling things from a draw in a near by table... the first things I see are
  leather straps then small chains and rings and leather cuffs and there is a
  leather choker/collar.  
I watch as she attaches the straps to chains hanging from the ceiling then
  she walks to a cabinet and removes several bars some long and some shorter.
  Each has rings attached to the ends of them. I am getting aroused I have a
  feeling there is a lot more to this lovely creature than any one person knows!  
After setting up a few things she walks behind me and pushes the chair *it
  rolls like on wheels! The chair is just in front of the hanging devices...I
  wonder to myself (is all of this for me?)  
She turns her back to me for a few moments and when she turns around I notice
  a lovely golden chain that is attached to her nipples and that it runs down
  her flat stomach and seems to disappear into the sweet short cropped nest between
  her legs...  
She begins to strap on the leather, first the collar, then the wrist cuffs,
  and there are ankle cuffs and then two straps that she places around her lovely
  thighs. Picking up a rather long bar (spreader bar I recognize them now!)  
She thrusts the bar into a binding where the chain and leather meet. Taking
  two more one shorter and another bar just as long as the first she slides them
  thru a strap close to the other...grasping the bar she raises herself up and
  places her legs over the first bar I watch in utter silence as she connects
  the ankle cuffs to the spreader bar then the shorter of the second two she
  places between her thighs... the last bar she pulls the strap allowing it to
  stay in the strap she attaches her wrists to it by sliding the connector onto
  the ring at the end of the bar.  
I am so hard I could explode right where I am sitting... This lovely shy
  beautiful girl, woman, child.... My mind is reeling.... As I watch she allows
  her self to slide off the bar that her legs were on and turns her body just
  so, I cant believe what I am seeing...she is hanging from these three bars
  by her ankles, her thighs, and her wrists, her back arched backwards...she
  looks like a flying squirrel ...damn I don't know how else to explain! Her
  legs are wide open her thighs wide open she looks deep into my eyes... I see
  it! She is offering herself to me!  
I stand and walk closer and she nods to me... I see the gold chain and touch
  it gently stroking her nipples as I notice the chain is attached to rings that
  are actually thru her perky nipples taking each nipple into my mouth I suckle
  it in turn...taking the chain between my teeth I tug it gently and watch as
  a smile spreads across her face...her eyes light up with a desperate hunger
  and need like no other I've seen. I keep the chain between my teeth as I slowly
  drag them down towards that dark sweet nest...  
Suddenly I realize the chair! It is the perfect height! I roll it over and
  under her! Sitting on the edge of the chair I grasp the chain once again between
  my teeth and tug at it I can hear soft gasps of pleasure as I play at the chain
  tugging softly and then harder and then softly again...following the chain
  I make my way down to the secret patch... taking my fingers I separate the
  rose petal soft lips and realize to my satisfaction that the chain is indeed
  attached to her lovely clit not just a clip, but again it is pierced!  
I notice that next to me now just within my reach is a tray on the tray are
  other clips with chains attached! I pick one up and hold it out for her to
  see and she smiles at me... I take her lovely rose petal soft lips and spread
  them I fix a clip on one side and take the chain around her back and pulling
  the other lip I fix the clamp to it this is so hard my hands are trembling
  I never thought I would be doing this to her... taking a second chain with
  clamps I attach it to the lower part of the lip and bring it around her back
  also... doing so exposes her lovely clit and sweet hole...  
I look at her to see if there is anything else I need to do...she looks to
  the tray.... There is a ring I look at her with a question in my brow? Then
  it hits me! Oh I reach behind her and clip the ring over the two chains pulling
  them together tightly.  
I look to the tray and see a small box I open it inside are two gold balls
  the size is slightly smaller than golf balls I pick them up and place them
  in my hand and as I do I see they push away from each other, and then I know
  what they are Ben wan balls!  
I pick up the love jell that is laying there and open it I put some in my
  hand and roll each ball in the jell it warms as I do this... then I stroke
  her sweet dark patch and she moans softly, but shakes her head no. I turn her
  and softly probe her dark tight anus... she nods to me and smiles...  
I take some more jell and rub it over my fingers and gently insert one into
  the tight darkness... she makes a purring sound... I slide two fingers in and
  begin working them around to loosen the opening... as I do this I notice a
  sweet scent she is getting wet!  
I arrange myself so that I can sit under her and still work her tight dark
  hole with my fingers I run my tongue over her sweet spot and taste the sweetest
  nectar... I take her clit between my lips and suck on it pulling gently on
  the chain with my tongue...  
She is getting wetter and wetter the sweet love nectar flows.... I take one
  of the Ben wan balls and slide it into her tight dark hole she trembles as
  I insert the second... looking at her she nods to the table there laying in
  a warm towel is a butt plug I rub it with a little jell and slid it into place
  what I assume is a squeal comes from her...  
I slide my tongue into her wet sweet hole and revel in the glorious sensation
  of her... I am so hard and I want her so bad I want to be inside this wonder
  creature...  
I figure I must please her first so I continue to suck and tongue fuck her
  sweet hole. My hands grasp her breast and I squeeze them I slide my hands down
  her body and with a tenderness I didn't think I had in me I probed her lovely
  sweet hole with my fingers sliding them in and out of her hot wet hole... I
  can not control the desire to have her I stand and unlash her wrist then I
  unlash her thighs and ankles.... I pick her up and carry her to the table just
  off to the side I leave the cuffs on her and as I place her on the table I
  see a cross bar above the table I attach her ankles to it I watch her face
  and she is still smiling so I figure I'm still doing what she wants... the
  cross bar is wider that the spreader bars and it leaves her legs spread very
  wide....  
I strap her wrist to the table and stand there for a moment watching her
  as I remove the robe... my hard cock is so swollen it is throbbing.... I pull
  her to the edge of the table her sweet body at the perfect height I come to
  her looking into her deep eyes I watch her smile widen as I place my hard stiff
  throbbing cock against her wetness and slide it into her.  
She moans softly with each stroke...I hold onto her thighs as I slide my
  cock deeper into her... she lifts her hips into each stroke... and soon we
  find the perfect rhythm my animal instincts take over and soon I am slamming
  my hard cock into her lovely mound!  
Soon I cannot hold back and as I feel her body rock with orgasmic waves I
  release my load filling her with all that I have exhausted I lean against her
  gently as my breathing returns to normal....  
I undo all of the cuffs and pick her up.... I carry her to the bathroom and
  turn on the water in the tub... while it fills I hold her, her breathing returns
  to normal I kiss her neck... her body trembles. The tub is full of water and
  I walk down into the tub with her... remembering I didn't remove the butt plug
  or the Ben wan balls.... I turn her around and lift her over the side of the
  tub.... Spreading her cheeks I remove the plug leaving the balls in place to
  be expelled at her leisure...  
I notice also that I left the clamps in place I sit her on the edge of the
  tub and on my knees I begin licking her softly using my tongue I slide it deeply
  into her wet sweetness lost once again in her aroma, I go hard again... I look
  at her and stand up and she can see my predicament she smiles and nods I go
  to slide my cock inside her and she shakes her head, she gets out of the tub
  and leaving the water in it she takes my hand...  
I follow her and she leads me back to her special room.... She points to
  the table and I go to it laying down I close my eyes she takes my wrists and
  places the cuffs on them! She pulls the cross bar down and attaches the straps
  to my thighs and fixes them to the cross bar....  
Taking a spreader bar, she attaches it to ankle cuffs and then straps my
  ankles into them... walking to the top of the table she places a strap across
  my forehead...  
She opens a drawer in the side of the table and pulls out a small black bag....
  Out of the bag she pulls a golden ring, which she places over my cock, sliding
  it down she grasps my balls and works them thru it as well....  
Then she straps my ankles down to the table as well... moving the cross bar
  my legs lower leaving my rock hard cock standing and exposed...  
She takes what looks like a rubber sleeve out of the drawer and slides it
  over my cock it is warm and tight.... I can feel it has nubs on the inside
  and I can only assume they are also on the outside as well.  
She then climbs onto the table and lowers herself on my cock... she sit there
  for a moment and attaches another chain to her own and on the end of it there
  is a rubber ball (a gag ball!) she places the ball in my mouth the chain is
  very short and the chain pulls taunt.  
She pulls back away from me as she begins to grind down on my cock the ribs
  of the sleeve are causing such a feeling! I am rock hard and she rides my hard
  cock for what seems like forever! I've cum and I know I should be soft but
  the sleeve doesn't let my cock go soft and she continues to ride and grind
  on it!  
With each movement I can feel the sharp pull of the chain, her mouth is open
  and she is breathing like a wild beast...but continues to work me over again
  and again she has cum and I have cum several times! Our bodies sharing orgasm
  after orgasm! Yet she does not stop her need is unquenchable!  
Again and again her silent screams rack her body and she continues to ride
  me...I am weak beyond belief I don't know how my cock is still hard  
I don't know how she keeps going! And then as if by some mystical power she
  raises her self off my body her nipple rings still attached to the gag ball
  in my mouth! She slams her hot wet cunt onto my cock once more!  
Finally it seems she can go no further, and she releases my restraints...
  My cock still in the sleeve is still rock hard... she takes my hand and leads
  me to a dark corner... Once there I see a rather large rubber ball sitting
  in the middle of four straps! She shows me what she wants me to do and even
  though I feel like I'm going to fall over I do it I strap her over the ball!  
 The ball is so big that once I have her strapped down to it her lovely hungry
  ass is right where it needs to be! I come from behind and without any thought
  of her pain or her enjoyment I shove my rock hard cock deep into her ass! I
  continue to fuck her ass until I cannot move anymore! I collapse with my cock
  still deep inside of her...our bodies locked in an exhausted embrace....  
Coming around I realize I'm still inside of her! Her breathing is soft and
  even not knowing if I should get off her or just begin again I stay where I
  am... then something happens! Her body responds to my being inside of her and
  I feel her rectum clench my cock she is ready to go again! I ask "again?" And
  she nods I begin to fuck her ass again and during our rest my cock has swollen
  like I've never felt before it is huge! I pump her ass over and over again
  until I cum two...three.... Four times!  
Then I pull out of her, her body holds tight as I pull out and the feeling
  is sensational! I UN strap her and again strap her on her back her eyes go
  bright! I pull the rubber sleeve off of my cock I cannot remember when I've
  ever seen it so big and so purple! What a knob! I come at her and mount her
  I am holding onto her wrists as I slam my huge monster cock into her wet cunt!  
It doesn't take long and we reach orgasm with each wave I slam harder and
  harder into her hot cunt! After multiple orgasms I collapse onto her I roll
  off onto the floor and lay there panting....  
After a few minutes I stand and remove her straps we walk slowly into the
  bathroom slipping into the still hot water we soak for what seems like forever....
  She moves over to me and rests her head against my chest.  
I climb out of the tub and help her out she goes to the shower and after
  a short while she returns holding two golden balls... with a smile that could
  not be topped she places them in my hand and walks out of the room and up the
  stairs...I follow like a whipped puppy.  
When I get up stairs she is sitting cross-legged on the bed she pats the
  bed and calls me over with here eyes.... I go when I get there she shows me
  she wants me to lie on my stomach...I do  
She then Straddles me and lifts my middle and places a large bolster under
  my middle. I notice she is still wearing the chains on her nipples ...I get
  nervous ... she picks up a small tube of jelly and lets me smell it...  
It smells of cinnamon she shows me that she is covering the Ben Wan Balls
  with it! She reaches under her pillow and pulls out a set of cuffs and straps
  she attaches them to my thighs and wrist she then connects them wrists are
  laying against the outside of my thighs!  
She takes the balls and presses them one at a time against my tight virgin
  ass! Sliding the balls into my ass she then shows me another toy! It is a strap
  on! it is not just a small strap on it is outrageously big! I scream NO!  
She comes around shaking her finger.... she places a ball gag in my mouth
  again and ties the strap behind my head! Terror is rushing through my veins!  
 She brings the strap on back around to show me the other side it is duel  
one side is huge the other enormous! she shows me as she greases it up she
  places the enormous cock into her sweet cunt .... oh my how? then she returns
  to the bottom of the bed she slides the huge cock into my ass and for the next
  hour or two I'm sure I lost count she fucked me like no one else ever had!  
The lights went out and when I woke we were laying together embracing each
  other! The day began quietly and we finally sat and had coffee and just looked
  into each other's eyes....  
As I sat there looking into those dark eyes of hers, her smile faded and
  she reached across the table...taking my hand in hers she lowered her head
  tears began to fall...  
She looked back up at me and said "Thank You"  
I sat there stunned....  
* As the story ends the two sit and hold each other while Angel explained
  how she had to feel clean again and no matter how many times we had fucked,
  made love or however one wants to think of...she still felt dirty and used
  until...finally taking control with the strap on she found her release!....  
The two are still together and happily take turns fucking each other's brains
  out!  
** The creep that raped her was caught and prosecuted found guilty and served
  7years before dying after being gang raped in the shower at the prison ...He
  died of internal bleeding caused by tears in his bowel...So in the end He got
  what he had coming to him!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angel Dawn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





