BDSM Library - Useful Humilation




Useful Humilation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tammy is suprised when her friend Rose tells her she has her philandering husband under lock and key. She is even more suprised when Rose tells her she is going away with her boyfriend and wants Tammy to look after the key while she's gone. Useful Humiliation   
&atilde;  Carmenica
    Diaz   
Rose
    had completely shocked me with her casual announcement, so shocked I almost
    spilt my wine. I peered at her through my glasses and she smiled at me. 'Did
    I hear you right? You're going away for two weeks with your boyfriend?'   
She
    nodded, laughing at my consternation. 'Yes, two wonderful weeks in Jamaica
    and I'm going to drink cocktails, eat and eat, lay on the sand and,' she
    winked, 'have lots of great sex with Johnny.'   
I
    blushed at that, I had seen Johnny when he came by to clean Rose's pool and
    he was certainly muscular. After what Rose had told me about his cock, I
    had to admit I checked out the bulge in his shorts.   
'But,'
    I spluttered, 'what about Steve, your  husband  ?'
    I reminded her.   
'I'm
    not worried about little old Steve, Tammy,' Rose winked. 'Steve does exactly
    what I tell him.'   
I
    had to admit that ever since Steve's accident last Fall, he was very attentive
    to Rose and we all noticed it. There were times when I wished my ex-husband
    had been as attentive. Didn't matter now, he was long gone, the slimy bastard!   
'Steve
    knows about Johnny?'   
'I
    tell him every little detail and I mean every detail as the most important
    detail ain't little!' Rose winked again and smiled devilishly as she poured
    herself another glass of wine.   
'Do
    you remember that accident Steve had last fall?'   
'He
    fell off the ladder when he was cleaning the gutters, didn't he, broke his
    shoulder and a leg?'   
'That's
    it except it wasn't an accident!'   
I
    spluttered in my wine. 'You mean&hellip;'   
'Yep,
    I sabotaged his ladder right after I found out he was fucking that slut of
    a secretary of his.'   
'You
    did what!'   
'Well,'
    Rose said defensively, 'I was pretty mad. I mean, I was pulling a lot of
    shifts at the hospital and he was sneaking off to bang that slut!'   
'But
    you could have killed him!'   
'Yeah,
    well, I didn't but when he was laid up and couldn't move for four weeks,
    I came up with a better idea.' She sipped her wine again and leaned forward.
    'I pierced his cock.'   
This
    time I lost it completely and spurted wine across the table. Rose grinned
    as I apologised and mopped it up. 'You did what?'   
'I
    put a ring through the end of his pathetic little wiener and another ring
    under his balls, then I put a padlock through it, and bingo!'   
I
    knew my mouth was open but I didn't believe it. Rose was a nurse and she
    had pierced my belly button for me but she had completely dumfounded me with
    this.   
'But,
    what did he say?'   
'Oh
    he was a little pissed and then I pointed out the facts of life. He was going
    to remain locked up until I decide. If he gave me any grief, I was going
    to divorce him and take his business.'   
'I
    don't believe it,' I muttered and Rose laughed.   
'Believe
    it honey, I've got him right where I want him.'   
'What
    about, you know, sex?'   
'He
    gets to jerk off once a month or earlier if I'm in a good mood. I get plenty
    from Johnny or any other hunk I feel like fucking.'   
'He
    jerks off?'   
'Yeah,
    I unlock his cock and he goes at it, then I lock it up again for another
    month.'   
'Why
    doesn't he run away when you've unlocked him?'   
Rose
    laughed nastily.' Because he's naked and chained around the neck to the pipes
    in our cellar and the idea of divorce scares the hell out of him. I won't
    unlock his cock until he's chained himself and I've checked that he's done
    it right.'   
The
    picture of a naked and chained Steve popped into my head and I couldn't help
    but laugh softly. And then another thought occurred to me. 'Do you watch
    him&hellip;do it?'   
Rose
    laughed at my flushed face. 'I used to, made it a little more humiliating
    for him. Now, I can't be bothered. I just leave him there and let him have
    fun for a few minutes.'   
'I
    mean, how does he do it? Does he have magazines or something?'   
'No
    way! I've banned all that stuff, he doesn't even get to see me naked. He
    hasn't seen pussy for six months.' I gaped at her. 'Believe me, Tammy, when
    that lock comes off, he's pretty horny, it doesn't take long. When I watched
    him, I used to wear a short skirt and the idiot would stare at my legs while
    he jerked off. It's really quite funny.'   
'Oh
    my god,' I murmured, my face hot and I sipped my wine.   
'His
    jerk-off day will occur on Friday when I'm away. Of course,' she smiled evilly,
    'he wanted me to bring it forward but he hasn't been nice enough to me so
    I want to leave the key with you.'   
'Me?
    I couldn't&hellip;'   
'It's
    no problem, Tammy. He'll chain himself up, give you the key to the locks
    for the chain and you give him this key,' she said sliding a gold key across
    the table, 'and give him a minute or so. You can always stay and watch, if
    you like.'   
Rose
    winked as she continued. 'He'll lock himself back up, you take the key and
    hide it before he gets free and dressed. It's really simple. He'll freak
    out when I tell him you've got the key.'   
'Why's
    that?'   
'Oh,
    he just thinks your so prim and proper, I think he's a little afraid of you
    so that will make it all the more humiliating for him when he has to ask
    you for the key.' Rose drained her glass. 'It's really pretty simple. Have
    a little fun, Tammy.'   
'What
    if he doesn't ask?'   
'He
    might not, he might find it too humiliating but I suspect he will, he hates
    going a month with only one jerk off, I doubt he could last two months. My
    bet is, he will ask you as soon as I leave, hoping you'll let him come a
    few times while I'm away. If you want to, that's ok, I'm feeling magnanimous.'   
Rose
    stood up and kissed me goodbye. 'I'll send you a postcard. Have fun, I know
    I will.'   
Later,
    I stood at my kitchen window and watched Johnny drive into Rose's driveway.
    He helped Rose with her bags and tooted the horn as they roared away. Minutes
    later, I saw Steve standing forlornly at the front door, gazing down the
    street. He turned to look at my house and I stepped back so he couldn't see
    me. The key was lying on the table and I quickly shoved it into the sugar
    container, pushing it down until it was completely hidden.   
I
    went upstairs and had a long bath, lost in thought as I soaked. When I dried
    myself, I put my glasses back on so I could see my naked reflection in the
    wall mirror. I didn't look too bad, aerobics and the light weight training
    I did every week was paying off. I let my fingers wander through my soft
    pubic hair and I gently stroked my fleshy lips as Rose's words echoed in
    my mind,  I've banned all
    that stuff, he doesn't even get to see me naked. He hasn't seen pussy for
    six months  .   
The
    telephone rang and I jumped, and then grabbed it. 'Hello?'   
'Tammy,'
    a male voice said hesitantly, 'this is Steve.'   
For
    a moment, I panicked and then the whole absurd situation took hold of me,
    filling me with a feeling I had never experienced before.   
'Yes?'
    I said coolly.   
'Ah&hellip;Rose
    said&hellip;she told you about&hellip;you know.'   
'No,'
    I snapped, 'I don't know. I don't read minds, you know!'   
I
    heard a rough intake of breath and found myself smiling. My fingers slipped
    below the towel again and I shivered as I touched my now soaking wet pussy.
    'I thought, Rose&hellip;I mean she told me that she told you&hellip;'   
I
    brought my fingers to my nostrils and smelt myself, that thick musky perfume
    that I found so exciting when I was aroused. 'Get on with it, Steve!' My
    voice crackled with sensuality and my fingers gently traced around my throbbing
    pussy.   
The
    words came in a rush and, for a moment I thought he was crying but I quickly
    realised it was the intense humiliation he was enduring. 'Rose said she told
    you about the key and she gave it to you!'   
'Well,
    yes,' I purred, 'she did tell me about the lock on a certain piece of your
    anatomy. And she did give me a key, I'll try to remember where I left it.'   
'Please,'
    he croaked, 'could I have the key?'   
'I'll
    think about it.' I couldn't endure it any longer, slammed the phone down
    and collapsed on the bed, both hands caressing my burning pussy. 'Oh God!'
    I screamed as I came in a fierce and intense rush.   
I
    sat at my kitchen table in my robe, sipping iced tea and trying to understand
    what had occurred. I had just experienced the most intense orgasm since my
    husband ran off with that slut from the drycleaners. Pete was a complete
    jerk but he had been excellent in bed. My only criticism was that he hated
    oral and never went down on me. I couldn't make him and as I didn't like
    sucking him, it seemed a fair trade.   
Although,
    I used to fantasise about a man licking me, teasing me with his tongue until
    I came.   
Slowly,
    I made up my mind and dressed in a black lace bra and panty set. I looked
    at myself and suddenly wished I had contacts instead of glasses but it was
    too late for that.  Maybe  ,
    I thought,  the glasses will
    make me look more in control. What did Rose say? He just thinks your so prim
    and proper, I think he's a little afraid of you   
I
    looked through my wardrobe and pulled out a short black cocktail dress, it
    was about four inches above the knee, low cut and clingy. Pete used to ask
    me to wear it but I always felt self conscious in it. I tossed it on the
    bed and rummaged through my underwear drawer for my black suspender belt,
    remembering more of Rose's words,  when
    I watched him, I used to wear a short skirt and the idiot would stare at
    my legs while he jerked off. It's really quite funny   
The
    suspender belt was almost brand new, I think I had only worn it on the honeymoon
    and I searched through the tangled bundle of pantyhose and stockings for
    black stockings, hopefully they wouldn't be laddered.   
Dressed
    to my satisfaction and drenched in my sexiest perfume, I made myself a stiff
    drink and took one mouthful before I dialled the number.   
'Hello?'
    Steve answered tentatively.   
'You
    have two minutes to get over here!' I snapped, hanging up and then downing
    the remainder of my drink in one gulp.   
The
    doorbell rang in less than two minutes but I let him wait and extra five
    before I opened it. 'Tammy&hellip;' he stuttered.   
'Shut
    up!' I snapped and turned back into my living room and he nervously followed.
    'Shut the door!'   
I
    arranged myself on the sofa, crossing my legs and his eyes fell to the sheer
    nylons and I smiled. He couldn't tear his eyes away and I thought I saw a
    flicker of pain in his eyes. The realisation that it must hurt him when his
    cock tried to get hard, made me shiver and I knew my panties were becoming
    wet.   
'So,
    Rose has locked your cock up while she fucks the pool boy?'   
Steve's
    eyes bulged at my words and tried to stammer a reply, I didn't bother to
    listen. 'Shut up, Steve,' I said in a bored tone although I definitely wasn't
    bored and I uncrossed and crossed my legs again. Instantly, I was rewarded
    with that dull expression of pain over his round face and I squirmed a little
    on the sofa.   
'I
    understand Rose allows you to jerk yourself off once a month?' He nodded
    frantically. 'That's interesting,' I sneered, 'but I have no interest in
    allowing you to do so.' His face when white and his mouth fell open. 'Why
    should I? Your wife asked me to look after the key, she didn't ask me to
    let you jerk off,' I said. It wasn't strictly true but it also wasn't strictly
    a lie, just manipulation of the facts.   
'But
    Tammy,' he whined.   
'I
    mean, what's in it for me?' I stared at him coldly. 'What's my benefit in
    this?'   
'What
    do you want?' he stammered. 'I'll do anything&hellip;'   
'Will
    you?' I instantly pounced. 'You'll do anything?'   
He
    nodded and I smiled as he murmured, 'Anything. You just have to ask&hellip;'   
'Ask?
    I think you mean I  tell   you
    what I want. Isn't that right?'   
'Yes,'
    he muttered, head down, 'that's right.'   
'Good
    and what I want is orgasms, Steve, nice juicy orgasms. Let me see,' I said,
    pretending to think while I uncrossed my legs, tugged my skirt down a little
    but, in fact made it shift up so the tops of my stockings were visible.  There
    it was  , I thought with
    glee,  that flicker of pain.
    It must really hurt the poor schmuck! God, if I see it again, I think I'll
    come just be squeezing my thighs together!   
'I
    think I should have five orgasms before you get one. Sounds fair to me, does
    it sound fair to you, Steve?'   
'Yes,'
    he quickly mumbled, 'yes, that's fair.   
'You
    give me five and I'll let you jerk off to your hearts content. The quicker
    I get my five, the quicker you get to feel your pathetic little cock.'   
His
    eyes bulged at that as he quickly figured this might not be a bad deal for
    him after all. Rose did say she was feeling magnanimous.   
'Ok,'
    he said slowly, 'but how will I give you these&hellip;'   
'Use
    your intelligence, Steve,' I sneered. 'Your tongue, baby, surely you've gone
    down a woman before?'   
He
    flushed and I guessed he hadn't really enjoyed it, well, too bad, he was
    about to get a lot of practise. 'Of course, but&hellip;'   
'Get
    down on your knees, Stevie boy,' I said, pointing at the carpet in front
    of me. He did so slowly and looked up at me. 'Now, I said, producing a silk
    scarf, 'I'm going to blindfold you. Rose said you weren't allowed to see
    pussy but she didn't say anything about tasting pussy!' I laughed softly
    as I made the blindfold fast, then lifted my skirt and shucked my panties
    down.   
Devilishly,
    I rubbed my wet panties over his nose. 'Get used to my sweet perfume,' I
    croaked and laid back. 'I'm ready, baby,' I purred.   
Steve
    lowered his face towards me pussy and even from my vantage point I could
    see my pubic hairs were slick with my moisture. I wondered how I must smell
    to him, how musky and ripe? I was a previously self-conscious about the perfume
    of my arousal but now it didn't matter at all. If he didn't like it, tough!   
'Oh,'
    I moaned softly as his tongue drifted over my outer lips. 'Take your time,'
    I whispered, 'we have all night.'   
Casual
    Humiliation by Carmenica Diaz   
 Useful Humiliation 2   
&atilde;  Carmenica
    Diaz   
'Oh,'
    I moaned softly as his tongue drifted over my outer lips. 'Take your time,'
    I whispered, 'we have all night.'   
His
    movements were jerky and a little rough, almost as if he wanted to get the
    whole experience over with.   
I
    knew he couldn't see anything but I was sure he could smell me - I could,
    I was so ripe, so hot!  Would
    I really make him give me five orgasms  ,
    I wondered as I floated away on the tip pf his tongue,  would
    I?   
'Slow
    down, Stevie,' I whispered, 'nice and slow, tease me a little.'   
The
    feeling was superb! Not just the soft feel of his tongue against my clit
    but the fact I could just lie back and enjoy it, didn't have to worry if
    he was enjoying and, what's more I didn't have to reciprocate!  This
    must be heaven,   I thought,  sheer
    heaven  !   
His
    face showed a brief flicker of pain and I guiltily wondered if he was finding
    my juices so distasteful and then I realised it was the pain of his locked
    cock swelling as he tasted me! That realisation made me feel even better,
    if that were possible and I parted my thighs even more and slipped my fingers
    into his curly hair, pulling his face closer into me, swimming in sensual
    bliss for twenty minutes or so.   
'A
    little faster,' I moaned and I allowed myself to be swept up into the sensual
    and illicit nature of it, the taboo and the power.  Next
    time  , I moaned to myself,  I'd
    get him to do it in front of a mirror so I can see. Next time? Am I sure?
    But, it feels so fucking sweet!   
I
    opened my eyes and looked down at him, his tongue working furiously and little
    beads of perspiration dripping from under the blindfold.  He
    was really working hard, he must really want that orgasm but I have to get
    four more!   
That
    thought, combined with his tongue and the unreal situation of urgent and
    controlled sex sent me spiralling over the edge. Fingers locked into his
    hair, I pulled his face close, rubbing against him as I crashed through,
    as I erupted and for one moment I thought I saw stars.   
Sheepishly,
    I pushed him away as he had kept licking and nibbling after I had finally
    come down from the shooting pleasure and I always become sensitive. Steve
    sat back on his haunches and I quickly looked around for my underwear, scooped
    them up and shimmied into the panties urgently, smoothing my skirt down over
    them.   
I
    almost ran to my bedroom, shouting over my shoulder, 'you know the way out!
    Get out!' There was no way I wanted to face him yet, no way I wanted him
    to see me after I had just orgasmed, I didn't think I could stand the embarrassment.   
Peeking
    around the curtains, I saw him walking across the lawn to his house and opening
    his front door.   
I
    made a light supper, constantly thinking about what had happened.  What
    was I thinking  , I berated
    myself,  how could I do that  ?  But  ,
    a sexy little voice inside my head pointed out,  have
    you cum like that before?   
When
    I put the lights out, I wondered what Steve was doing over in his house and
    I peeked through the window. The lights were on and I guessed he was watching
    television.   
At
    night I slept like a baby, slept too much. The first thing I did was peek
    through the curtains and saw Steve walking to his carport. Moments later,
    I saw him drive off to work in his truck, his face turned towards my house
    as he drove past and I shrank back.   
I
    showered quickly, dressed and, already late for work, drove crazily to the
    large building that housed the call centre I worked in. I was a Team Leader
    to a group of nine operatives and we handled customer service complaints
    for a giant software company. As I only worked part time, the shifts weren't
    that long but I was always glad to get out of the place.   
For
    the entire shift, I thought of nothing but what had occurred the night before
    and by the time I pulled into my garage, I knew I had to have another go.  What
    did it matter what he thought  ,
    I rationalized,  what did
    I care what he thought? He's the one with a padlock on his cock!    
I
    did a little housework, constantly peering through the curtains to see if
    Steve's pick up was in his carport and as I was getting the washing ready,
    I blushed when I picked up the panties I had worn yesterday, remembering
    how I had rubbed them on his face.   
The
    washing machine was jumping around, the floors sparkled and the kitchen looked
    like no one had ever lived here and I was hot, so hot, I suddenly decided
    to have a swim.  After all  ,
    I reasoned,  Rose has always
    said for me to come over and use their pool anytime.   
I
    felt that illicit sexual feeling sweep over me again and a sudden image of
    Steve, blindfolded with his mouth on me 'down there' made me flush and I
    felt arousal building.   
Stripping
    my clothes off, I had a quick shower, shaved my legs and underarms and, as
    I rubbed moisturiser into my legs, I wondered what swimsuit I would wear?   
Deep
    down, I knew I had all ready made the decision, a white low cut one piece
    with a gold diagonal strip from right breast to left hip. It was high cut
    so I gave myself just a little trim but kept cutting and cutting as I remembered
    Steve's tongue and how I had pulled his face into me. God, I was getting
    wet all ready and I stared down at my vastly trimmed groin, my clit was almost
    wetly visible.   
Parading
    in front of the mirror in the swimsuit, I thought I looked ok.  To
    him  , I told myself,  I
    probably look like a goddess; it's been so long for the poor schmuck, even
    though I'll have to wear my glasses!   
I
    rummaged through the drawers and found a pair of gold earrings and slipped
    them in. After making my face up and styling my shoulder length hair, I was
    ready.   
Taking
    a deep breath, I wrapped a blue sarong around my waist, slipped on a pair
    of gold sandals and tried to saunter sexily over to Rose's house. It's not
    easy to saunter in sandals and a swimsuit and I had a sudden respect for
    all those models that make it look so easy.   
I
    dropped the sarong on a white lounge and slipped into the pool for a minute,
    careful of my hair and face, then laid down on my back on the lounge, sunglasses
    on and waited for Steve to get home.   
When
    his car pulled in, I was dozing comfortably in the sun, feeling warm and
    sensual &ndash; in fact, downright sexy!   
'Ah&hellip;Tammy?'   
'Hi
    there, Stevie,' I said throatily, enjoying his expression as he stared at
    me. 'I'm feeling thirsty.'   
'Would
    you like a drink?' he asked quickly. 'You like bourbon, right?'   
'Sounds
    good,' I said, airily waving him away and I squeezed my thighs together at
    the sight of him almost running to the house to get me a drink.   
He
    returned dressed in swim shorts with the drink, ice tinkling in the glass
    and I took it from him, smiling and one arm behind my head. 'Thanks.' I looked
    over the top of my sunglasses at his crotch. 'How's it going?'   
'Well,
    you know&hellip;'   
'Well,
    I don't,' I said with a smile and sipped my drink.   
Steve
    shifted uncomfortably and then sat on the end of the lounge. 'Can we talk?'   
'Aren't
    we?' I said teasingly.   
'"Did
    you mean it about, five&hellip;well, you know&hellip;'   
Feeling
    bold, I smiled and said, 'can't you say orgasms, Steve?'   
'Sure,'
    he said, red faced, 'but I was thinking, maybe we could change the way&hellip;you
    know,' he stammered.   
'You
    don't like the way you did it?' I asked coolly.  You
    don't like going down on me  ,
    I felt like saying,  you don't
    like it  ?   
'I
    was thinking,' he said and then looked right at me, 'that maybe I could just
    fuck you.'   
I
    laughed. 'It'd be over in five seconds &ndash; I don't think so.'   
'But
    we could wait, I could go a second time and then I could really fuck you&hellip;'   
'So
    you get to come twice? Nice try, buster!'   
'But&hellip;'   
'Steve,'
    I said coldly, 'I don't want to!'   
'But
    five?' he whined and I grinned maliciously but thought,  I
    was a little tender, what would I feel like after five?   
'What
    else can you offer?'   
He
    looked around in desperation. 'Massages? I could clean your car? I&hellip;'   
'Massages?
    You any good?'   
'Rose
    used to think so.'   
I
    ignored his hangdog look and rolled over. 'Let's see. You can rub the sun
    oil in and massage me at the same time.'   
He
    was pretty good, I had to give him that and I was feeling pretty good as
    well as lazy and sensual. I had to admit it was good to feel the strong hands
    of a man touching, it had been a long time. 'I can't stand it,' he moaned
    and I turned around to look up at him, his face contorted with pain.   
'Can't
    stand touching me? I coldly demanded.   
'You
    don't understand,' he moaned, 'it hurts when I get&hellip;you know.'   
I
    turned over. 'Let me see it,' I said softly.   
His
    eyes widened. 'But&hellip;'   
'Drop
    the shorts, Steve,' I snapped, 'or I'll make it fifty before you get to touch
    it!' His eyes fell and he started tugging at his shorts.  Damn,
    it felt good to order him around,   I
    admitted to myself,  it was
    great he had no choice!   
He
    looked nervously around but the yard was enclosed with a high fence and he
    pulled the shorts down to his ankles. I exchanged my sunglasses for my usual
    glasses and examined him. There was a gold ring through his foreskin and
    joined another ring under his testicles with a gold padlock. This caused
    his cock to be stretched tightly against his balls and pointing downwards.   
I
    shook my head,  Rose was an
    evil woman.   
'So
    it hurts when it tries to get hard?' I asked, staring at his cock.  It's
    been so long since I've seen one, felt one.   
'Like
    the devil,' he moaned.   
I
    stood up quickly, grabbed my sarong and sunglasses. 'Let's go into the house.'
    He stooped to pick up his shorts. 'Leave them, I like you naked.'   
Imperiously,
    I dropped the sarong on the sofa, a white leather one I had always thought
    was a little tacky but, 'tacky' does, I'm afraid, does describe Rose's taste.   
The
    main bedroom was all white, I'd seen the queen size bed when Rose had bought
    it and the walk in wardrobes had floor to ceiling mirrors that reflected
    the room.  Perfect  ,
    I thought,  just perfect  .   
Steve
    shuffled in, hands hovering in front of his groin and I noticed he was red
    in the face. 'Where do you sleep now?'   
'In
    the spare bedroom,' he mumbled.   
'So
    Johnny fucks Rose in here?' I said nastily and he flinched.   
'Suppose
    so.'   
'Here's
    the deal, Steve. I'm going to lie on that bed, get really comfortable and
    you're going to kneel there. If you give me what I want, I'll adjust the
    count.'   
'To
    what?' he asked quickly and I smiled.   
'Let's
    say, if you deliver, you'll only have to deliver one more time after that.'
    I suppose I could have given him what he wanted after I came but I liked
    the control I had, the way he did what I wanted. Knowing men, I guessed the
    moment he came, he would lose interest in doing anything for me, anything
    at all.   
 He
    nodded and slowly walked forward. 'Not so fast,' I said, 'you have to be
    blindfolded. Rose said you weren't allowed to see so get something for a
    blindfold.' The truth was, I wasn't ready for him to see me naked. It's always
    difficult getting naked in front of a guy the first time and even in these
    weird circumstances, I wasn't ready to let him look.   
Steve
    opened the wardrobe and started to listlessly look through clothes. 'For
    god sakes, let me!'   
I
    pushed him out of the way and started going through drawers and laughed softly
    when I found Rose's vibrator in a sock in her underwear drawer. Pushing it
    aside, I rummaged through the drawer and found a pair of full control panties
    in black and a black scarf with a fringe.   
'This
    will do.' He started to kneel on the carpet and I said, 'put a pillow down,
    you can kneel on that.' When he was down, I snapped the panties over his
    head and pulled them down over his eyes and then wrapped the scarf over them,
    tying it firmly. 'Can you see?' He shook his head and I stood up and peeled
    my swimsuit down and off. I stared at our reflections in the mirror &ndash; a
    naked blindfolded man on his knees, waiting to service me and I was wet from
    the sight.   
Naked,
    I lay back on the bed in front of him, legs parted. I could smell myself
    so I was sure he could. 'Ok, Stevie,' I whispered, 'just follow your nose.'   
He
    leaned forward and I sighed when his tentative tongue made first contact.
    After ten minutes, I was really flying and I opened my eyes to watch in the
    mirror. The sight of his naked back with muscles working as he licked and
    my naked legs obscenely spread around his blindfolded face made me moan again.   
Another
    twenty minutes; my head moved back and I turned to one side as his tongue
    caressed my clit. 'Oooo&hellip;' I purred, 'you're getting pretty good at
    this.'   
My
    fingers locked around his head, feeling the silk of the scarf and the tight
    panties as I pulled him closer and deeper into me. His tongue slid in and
    out of me and then tickled my inner thighs. 'Stop teasing,' I whispered,
    'you know what I want.'   
My
    eyes flickered open and I gasped at the sight in the mirror, my fingers pulling
    his head in, the urgency of my thrusting into his face and the look on my
    face was pure animal lust.  That's
    what I look like  , I realised,  that's
    what I look like  as I'm
    about to cum  !   
And
    cum I did! I arched back into the bed, pulling his face hard into me as I
    screamed, my entire body vibrating with the pleasure that rippled through
    me. For a moment, I thought I would die from it!   
Gently,
    I pushed him away and his fingers went to his blindfold. 'No,' I said hurriedly,
    'wait!' I slid off the bed and pulled my swimsuit up, snapping the straps
    down. My face was flushed and my hair completely tousled, the goddess had
    vanished and was replaced by a woman who looked like she had just had wild
    sex. I grinned at that and nodded to myself,  I
    suppose I have  .   
I
    stripped the blindfold and panties off and he looked up at me with pleading
    eyes. 'Tammy,' he said brokenly, 'please? Please let me, it's hell; you have
    no idea what it's like. When I'm tasting your sweet pussy, I'm in constant
    pain.'   
Sweet
      pussy  , I pondered,  he
      said sweet pussy? He likes it?  '
      'No, I don't have any idea. In case you haven't noticed, I don't have a
      cock.'   
I
    turned to flounce out of the room when his broken and sobbing voice held
    me. 'Please Tammy, I'll do anything if you let me, anything.'   
He
      looks like he's about to cry  ,
      I thought,  he really wants
      it.   
   I
    don't know what it was, perhaps the look on his face or the urge to get back
    to my place, get out of the swimsuit and slip into a warm bath to ease my
    now sensitive pussy but I relented. Guess I'm not cut out to be a hardhearted
    dominatrix.   
'Wash
    my car and clean it out, I want to see it sparkle and then I want you to
    cook dinner for me. No frozen dinner, a real dinner and if the car glows
    and the food is good enough, I just might let you.'   
'Yes
    ma'am,' he said with an eager grin.   
I
    watched him washing my car through the window as I waited for the bath to
    run.  It's not bad  ,
    I pointed out to myself,  having
    a man at your beck and call, is it?   I
    gingerly lowered myself into the bath and leaned back.  Yes,
    it's not bad at all, quite useful in fact  .  I
    wonder what's for dinner?   
Useful
    Humiliation 2 by Carmenica Diaz   
Part
    3(Final) to follow.   
 Useful Humiliation 3   
&atilde;  Carmenica
    Diaz   
I
    watched him washing my car through the window as I waited for the bath to
    run.  It's not bad  ,
    I pointed out to myself,  having
    a man at your beck and call, is it?   I
    gingerly lowered myself into the bath and leaned back.  Yes,
    it's not bad at all, quite useful in fact  .  I
    wonder what's for dinner?   
What
      to wear, what to wear  ,
      I thought as, wrapped in a towel, I studied the racks of my clothes,  what
      do I wear for dinner with a man whose cock I control?   
First
    things first, I spilled the contents of my underwear drawer onto my bed and
    looked through it.  What does
    it matter  , I told myself,  he's
    not going to see it, is he  ?   
Wrapped
    in soft paper at the bottom of another drawer was a bra and panty set I had
    spent an excessive amount of money on when I was trying to convince my ex-husband
    I was sexy. It was in a delicate peach colour, the panties soft and silky
    with an embroidered design in chocolate lace over the crotch that was repeated
    on the bra cups. The bra also gave me a little extra help and my cleavage
    looked great, although it was a little tight and was uncomfortable for long
    periods.   
The
    set came with a small suspender belt in the same colour and lace design and
    I slid a pair of suntan stockings up and connected the stocking tops to the
    suspenders.   
I
    twisted and turned, examining myself in the mirror and gave myself a thumbs
    up &ndash; I looked pretty sexy and it was amazing how my confidence had
    increased in a such a short time.   
Taking
    my time, I did my face and hair, added dabs of perfume to strategic areas
    over my body and then stepped into my dress; it was a layered georgette dress
    with a low neckline and gathered under the bust. I loved the colour; it's
    not exactly white but is called ice and I loved the feel of it as I moved.
    It was a dress I had bought sometime ago and I always felt a little self-conscious
    in it but now I felt positively gorgeous, even with glasses!   
Stepping
    into my party shoes, jewelled heels in silver, I sprayed a cloud of perfume,
    walked through it and I was ready.  Ready
    for what  , a cautious voice
    asked  , ready for what exactly  ?  Ready
    for dinner, of course  .   
Of
    course, I made a big thing of inspecting the car, guessing he was watching.
    It positively shone in side and out; I could see my face reflected in the
    hood so I was pleased with Steve's efforts.   
Steve
    was hovering around the open door and I sailed past, noting he had changed
    into a white casual shirt and black pants. He even smelt good and I guessed
    he also spent time in the bathroom.   
'What's
    for dinner, Steve?' I asked throatily, enjoying the look in his eyes as he
    looked me up and down and then grimaced. I chuckled, knowing he was trying
    to get hard and I felt great!   
'I
    have some fish and I'll grill it on the barbeque. If that's ok?' he asked
    quickly.   
'Sounds
    dreamy,' I said, walking into the dining room, saw he had set the table and
    had even lit candles. 'Very nice, are you trying to seduce me, Stevie?'   
'Uh,
    well&hellip;what you said.'   
'I'm
    kidding,' I smiled and brushed past him, grinning at the expression of pain
    that flickered over his face as I did. A bowl of garden salad sat in the
    centre of the table with a bottle of wine and two glasses. 'Why don't you
    cook the fish?' I said, pouring some wine and he vanished to the patio.   
'I
    could really get used to this,' I said softly, sipping the wine while checking
    the cutlery for marks.   
The
    fish didn't take long and Steve hovered as he slid a piece on the plate.
    The eager expression on his face and his willingness to make me happy was
    a real turn on.   
He
    served himself and watched me anxiously as I cut a piece and chewed it. 'Very
    nice,' I said at last and he sighed in relief, picking up his knife and fork
    when I was struck by a devilish thought. 'Why don't you get comfortable,'
    I said sweetly, 'and take your clothes off?'   
For
    a moment I thought he was going to argue but thought better off it and immediately
    stripped naked. I smiled at the gold padlock glittering in the candlelight
    and squeezed my thighs together.  This
    feels so good  , I thought,
    smiling at the naked man on the other side of the table,  I
    might have to use his mouth again.   
I
    sipped the wine and then ate silently while Steve, red faced, picked at his
    food. 'Are you looking forward to jerking off?' I asked, making conversation.   
'Yes,'
    he mumbled, face bright red.   
'How
    does Rose organize it?' I remembered what she had told me but I thought I'd
    check and I did like the humiliation on his face.   
'I
    chain myself in the cellar,' he mumbled. 'I lock a chain around my neck and
    through the furnace pipes. Rose makes sure it's locked and then gives me
    the key to this,' he said, gesturing at his cock.   
I
    picked up my wine, stood up and started walking to the living room. 'Why
    don't you clean up?'   
When
    he came to the living room, I was seated on the tacky sofa and his eyes were
    drawn to my crossed legs, that familiar painful expression flickering over
    his face. I felt just a little horny and so powerful to have this naked man
    jumping at my every whim.   
I
    pointed at the fireplace and at the heavy metal rings on the grate. 'That
    looks sturdy,' I said and his face followed my finger.   
'Yes,
    it's embedded in the concrete.'   
'Good,'
    I said, 'why don't you chain yourself there?'   
'There?'   
'Why
    not?' I said sweetly. 'I'm going to watch and I don't like the idea of your
    cellar, probably has spiders and thingies.'   
'You're
    going to watch?' His mouth hung open and his face was the brightest red so
    far.   
'What
    are you waiting for? Hurry up or I might change my mind.'   
He
    scurried away at that and I smiled as his naked ass disappeared out the door.
    Moments later he was back with a length of chain and two padlocks and he
    locked one end of the chain around his neck, the other through the heavy
    ring on the grate.   
I
    stood up, took the keys from him and walked to the door, feeling his eyes
    on me every step of the way. 'I'll get the key,' I said, posing in the doorway,
    'don't go away.'   
The
    thought of a naked man chained and waiting on me was too much and the moment
    I got inside my door, I lifted the hem of my dress and slipped my fingers
    into my panties. 'Just as I thought,' I murmured, 'wet, really wet!'   
I
    went to the bathroom, freshened up and then retrieved the key from the sugar,
    leaving the other keys on the bench top. He was kneeling by the grate, waiting
    and his head jerked up when I entered. Smiling, I sat on the sofa, crossed
    my legs and showed him the key. 'Do you want it?' I asked throatily.   
'Yes,
    please,' he pleaded and I tossed him the key, laughing as he scrambled to
    catch it.   
'Unlock
    it but don't touch it,' I warned and he nodded as he concentrated on unlocking
    the padlock. With a sigh, he slid the padlock out of the rings, placed it
    on the carpet and squatted back on his haunches, his now free cock stirring.   
I
    watched his cock get hard and pulse. It wasn't huge but it wasn't small either
    but it had been a while since I saw a cock, let alone feel one. 'How does
    that feel?' I murmured.   
'Great,'
    he said, eyes lowered.   
'What
    do you think about when you&hellip;you know&hellip;do it?'   
Steve
    looked away, face red and cock hard. 'Girls&hellip;things&hellip;you.'   
'Me?'
    I was astounded but flattered to think of him picturing me while he jerked
    off in that cellar. Suddenly, I felt a little sorry for him.   
He
    turned back. 'I've always thought you were sexy, so in control but sexy.
    That husband of yours was a jerk.'   
'Ex-husband,'
    I automatically corrected him. Steve smiled shyly and I saw his cock twitch,
    maybe that helped me make up my mind. 'I'll be your pin-up,' I said shakily.
    Standing up, I unzipped my dress and stepped out of it.   
The
    look on his face made me flush. His face was almost contorted, eyes wide
    as he stared at me in my lingerie and stockings. I wondered if he could tell
    my panties were soaked and I put my hands behind my back, pushing my breasts
    out and posed against the sofa.  Shit  ,
    I remembered,  I've still
    got my glasses on  !   
Suddenly,
    he groaned, bent over and I saw his cock jerking wildly as he came, cum spurting
    from his cock onto the carpet. I couldn't believe it!  He
    came,   I realised,  from
    watching me, just seeing me, without touching it  !   
Steve
    looked at the puddle on the carpet and then looked up at me. 'I couldn't
    help it,' he muttered, 'just seeing you&hellip;'   
I
    walked past him to the kitchen and ripped some paper towels off the roll.  Should
    I be flattered  he came
    from looking at me  , I wondered,  or
    disappointed?   When I saw
    his muscular naked body I knew I should be flattered. "Here, wipe it up,'
    I said, dropping the paper towels next to him and sitting back down on the
    sofa. I didn't bother getting back into my dress and picked up my glass of
    wine. I took a sip and watched him mopping up the mess from the carpet. 'I
    suppose I'll have to wait another month before I get to see you jerk off.'   
The
    look on his face was priceless and I burst out laughing. Putting my wineglass
    down, I lay back on the sofa and gently patted my panties. 'Come here,' I
    whispered and he eagerly crawled over. 'You know what to do.'   
'But&hellip;the
    blindfold?' he asked, eyes glued to my panties.   
'Fuck
    the blindfold,' I murmured and watched as his trembling fingers gently slipped
    my panties down.   
As
    I lifted my hips for him, I saw his eyes focussed widely on my wet pussy.
    'Beautiful,' he said softly and dove right in.   
He
    licked me with a passion for twenty minutes or so, never once giving up on
    me, just kept at it, and I was soon panting, pulling his face tightly in.   
It
    was too much and I pushed him back. 'Are you fucking hard yet?' I hissed
    and he blinked, my juices smeared across his mouth. I looked down and his
    cock was red and hard, bobbing almost like a missile that was heading towards
    a target.   
I
    pulled a condom from my purse, threw it to him and he eagerly ripped the
    packet. There's something deeply arousing about watching a man roll a condom
    onto his hard cock.   
Throwing
    cushions on the carpet, I unsnapped my bra and lay down in just my stockings
    and suspender belt. I reached up to take my glasses off when he said, 'No&hellip;I
    mean&hellip;can you leave them on? You're just so sexy in them.'   
I
    shrugged, inwardly pleased and smiled as I parted my legs. 'Get down here
    and fuck me, lover.' He slid into me and I gripped his hard shoulders with
    one hand, holding his chain with the other, rubbing against him. He pulled
    my head back to kiss me, tongue pushing deep into my mouth as his cock moved
    inside me. 'Don't fucking cum until I do,' I whispered in his ear as he increased
    the tempo.   
'Yes,
    ma'am,' he whispered back.   
It
    was a short but furious fuck, it wasn't making love, it had been too long
    for both of us and we fucked wildly around the living room floor. His chain
    was long enough to enable us to try out a few positions until I rolled him
    over and sat on top, moving against him, playing with my nipples until I
    came with a deep rush.   
Steve
    then rolled me over and pummelled me, pushing deep inside me, rocking and
    gripping me tightly. I held his rock hard arms moving with him until he stiffened
    and groaned as he came.   
I
    watched him as he dozed on the carpet and figured he would instantly lose
    interest. His eyes flickered open as I was looking around for my clothes.
    'Thanks, Tammy,' he said quietly.   
'No
    problem,' I said coolly, snapping my bra strap together, adjusting my breasts
    in the cups.   
'That
    was sensational.' He looked around and picked up the padlock. 'I should wash
    before I put this back on.'   
I
    looked at him and he looked at me.  God  ,
    I thought,  is his cock stirring
    already from looking at me?   I
    snapped my panties around my hips and walked to the bathroom, returning with
    a damp face cloth  .   
He
    wiped his cock while I watched and then held the padlock up. 'Do you want
    me to put it back on?'   
Did
      I  , I wondered,  did
      I want his cock locked up  ?
      I thought of the past forty-eight hours, the orgasms, the sense of power
      and that glorious fucking. And the fact he did  what   I
      wanted,  when   I
      wanted and  how   I
      wanted it. 'Yes,' I said coldly, 'I want you to put it back on.'   
The
    padlock snapped shut and I slipped into my dress. 'I'll get the other keys,'
    I said, picking up the key to the padlock.   
'Tammy,'
    Steve called hesitantly, 'do you want to stay the night? It's just that&hellip;it's
    good to share a bed&hellip;I mean.'   
'I'll
    think about it.' I walked into the night, the breeze rippling my dress and
    was deep in thought all the way home. I was still thinking when I put the
    padlock key back into the sugar and then returned after a few minutes with
    the keys to his chain.   
 'Here.'   
'Thanks.'   
When
    he finally stood up, I noticed a red mark around his throat. 'You must have
    locked the chain too tight, there's a mark.'   
He
    shrugged. 'It was worth it.'   
I
    looked down and his big bare feet. 'You can stay the night at my place,'
    I said softly, 'if you want to.'   
'Are
    you kidding! I would love to!'   
'I'm
    going to have a shower; I suggest you do as well. Come up to the bedroom
    when you're ready.'   
I
    hurriedly walked home and took a quick shower, changed into a sheer white
    baby doll set and was sliding into the bed when he appeared in the doorway.   
'Come
    on in,' I patted the bed.   
'I
    locked everything up,' he said as he took his clothes off and slid naked
    into the bed. He studied me and I smiled sweetly at him. 'You are beautiful,'
    he murmured.   
'Thank
    you.'  I think  ,
    I thought,  he really means
    it  .   
'How
    many&hellip;you know&hellip;'   
Will
    you just say orgasm!'   
'How
    many orgasms do you want before I&hellip;'   
'I'll
    have to think about it,' I smiled and put my glasses on the bedside table.   
I
    switched off the light and snuggled down and Steve rolled close, his big
    body pushing against me, arms moving around me. 'What about Rose?' he whispered.   
'I'll
    think about that too, I have two weeks to figure it out.' I snuggled against
    him, pushing my bottom against him and he groaned softly. 'What's the matter?'   
'It
    hurts when I try to get hard.'   
I
    cuddled the pillow. 'Good,' I said sleepily, already dreaming about how I
    would like to start the day tomorrow.  Perhaps
    a naked swim in the pool, I wonder how long Steve can hold his breath  ?
    'Goodnight, Steve.'   
'Goodnight,
    Tammy.'   
Useful
    Humiliation 3 (Final) by Carmenica Diaz   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





