BDSM Library - Rosemary Waited




Rosemary Waited
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She'll do anything for her overlord.Rosemary waited
Rosemary waited. She
      dressed to the exact directions of her Master. She wore no bra. She wore
      a black corset that pulled her waist to about 20 inches. She was barefoot
      and wore a pair of thigh-high fishnet stockings. Her cunt was bare. Normally
      she would just shave, today she had covered her cunt with wax and then
      ripped every hair out by its root. The only things on her cunt were six
      heavy loop rings that had been pushed through her pierced labia the day
      before. On her chest was written 'Rosemary' in water paint. Her hair was
      pulled tight into two pigtails. Underneath the blindfold, her eyes were
      decorated with heave whorish eyeliner and her lips painted with candy apple
      red lipstick. Last, she had a large inflatable plug up her ass. In the
      three months of their courtship her master had sodomized her almost every
      day. Still the intrusion felt strange and made her cunt weep. It was also
      weeping knowing what was going to happen. This was the most important day
      of her life, her heart raced it was as if all the anxiety and excitement
      of being married, losing her virginity and giving birth was rolled into
      a single evening. She was not giving birth to another human, far from it.
      She was to become a slave. In a way, she was to give birth to herself.    
Her Master let her wait.
      Let her think. He gave her two weeks of free time. She could cum all she
      wanted. She was not to feel any pain, she was to take stock. He wanted
      her lucid and completely free of mind when she gave herself to him. This
      did not happen. Although allowed to cum, she did not. She laid in bed at
      night, her cunt dripping savoring her helplessness. Both of them knew that
      whatever mind she had left, whatever choice she had was surrendered months
      ago. In the room, her mind raced. She tripped over the benchmarks of her
      submission again and again. Her imagination bounced between remembering
      the first time she drank piss, the first time she hurt herself for him&mdash;she
      lashed her cunt with a belt leaving it swollen and bruised for a full weekend--,
      the first time she ate shit, the day she gave away her right to cum&mdash;this
      was not a gift as she had lost the ability to cum without his abuse for
      two months prior. She even thought of the first time she ate another woman's
      cunt. She was not bi and possessive. Her mind was pitched in revulsion,
      hatred and jealousy. She had just watched her Master fuck another woman,
      any other man she would have left if not killed. But for her Master, she
      knelt and sucked his cum out of the woman's hole.    
Her Master told her that
      after this day things would change. As a slutty whoring housewife she intrigued
      him, but as a fuck toy she would have to work hard both to please him in
      every manner and keep him interested. He almost regretted taking her. It
      made him so hard when she would submit fighting her own bratty sense of
      entitlement to submit to him. This is what she thought. She felt love:
      in the sharp pain that burned in her knees from kneeling: in the humiliating
      cum droplets that flowed down her inner legs, the stiffness of her nipples,
      all of this meant one thing&mdash;she loved her Master. The door open,
      she heard footsteps.   
Rosemary Smith, tell
        me why you are here?   Her
        Master's voice asked.   
To give myself in
        slavery, bondage, abuse and love to my only Master.   She
        answered.   
Will you prove you
        total trust and submission to me?   
Yes, oh God, yes.
        Total, yes.   
Sign this!   Her
      Master said handing her a piece of paper!    
But Master, what  &frac14;  She
      stated stopping as she heard his footsteps walking away.   NO!
      NO! This pigwhore is sorry Master, it will sign, please punishes this shit
      later. I trust you&mdash;I don't care! I don't care! I trust you, please,
      oh god, please Master.   She
      answered choking on her tears.   
He walked up and handed
      her the clipboard. Took her hand and pointed where she was to sign. She
      signed the top document which stated:   
Transfer
      of title- Cunt, Mouth, Anal cavity and Udders   
I
      Rosemary Smith transfer ownership of the three holes I care over to Tony
      David. They are now his property. As the possessor of his property, I understand
      and accept that I will be responsible for the full up keep of these properties.
      Upkeep is defined as daily shaving and oiling of his holes.    
After she had signed
      the first sheet, Master read the document back to her. Then he asked   Do
      you understand and accept these conditions as both valid and binding.   
Rosemary whimpered   I
        do.   
Master flipped the paper
      and order to sign the second sheet. She did, this stated:   
Confessions
      of a cumming slut:   
I
      Rosemary Smith confess to the sins of Adultery, Selfishness and manipulation.
      I am a selfish brat. In life, I have put my needs ahead of others. Prior
      to meeting my one and true Master I have fucked 10 men. I admit that each
      man represents an act of adultery. Being of stupid mind and stubborn character,
      I accept that each act of Adultery deserved an act of barbaric pain. I
      welcome the pain, as I know it is the only way for a self-centered bitch
      like myself to truly regret her actions.   
He read this paper to
      her and asked again if he had overstated anything or if both the spirit
      and letter of her confession was valid and true.   
A small bit of anger
      spiked in her mind. Here she was about to give what self she had left to
      him and to do so she had to claim that she was selfish. But she also knew
      he was right. If she was giving or not a brat now, it was only due to his
      great command of her. She cried for a second and answered   Yes,
      it is true. Without Master, I was a miserable self-obsessed cunt.   
Master flipped the last
      sheet of paper. Rosemary signed it. It was simply a transfer of all her
      assets into the   
Control of her Master.
      All her property real and petty was now his: from her Car and house to
      her dresses and shoes&mdash;which he would give freely to non-slave women
      he would fuck&mdash;would be his to do with as he pleased.   I
      will not bore you with the details of this note slave, it is simply the
      transfer of your non-bodily possessions over to me. Now, are you ready
      to be enslaved?   
YES!   Rosemary
      answered. She was in near bliss. It was as if her mind floated above her
      head.   
We shall begin. Do
        you, Rosemary Smith give up your identity and previous life. Do you accept
        that you are my slave, whore, fucktoy, cunt, bitch, shiteater, pissswoller
        and masochistic cumming pig from now till the end of your natural life
        or my boredom with you.   
The last words drilled
      in her mind. His boredom! She thought. My God, she lusted so long for security,
      she wanted to know that when he was 70 and shitting into a bag, she would
      be the one cleaning it and sucking his cock. This forced home the realization
      that even if she did ever get bratty- just the mention of her freedom would
      strike fear into her. She answered   I
      do!   
Then, slave shale
        have its name washed off its body!   Her
        Master said, walking in front of her, she heard his pants unzip and then
        felt his hot urine cascading over her tits. As it did, her name was off
        in to the puddle at her feet. Kneeling in the smell of his piss and feeling
        over her chest made her clit ache&mdash;needing to be worked and played
        with.   
Do you slave, accept
        the mark of your Master. In sickness and in health, in servitude and
        freedom, in love and devotion, to be branded as the property from this
        day forward.   
I do! Oh god! I do.   
With that her Master
      walked behind her. He told her to bend over onto her hands. As she did-
      the pain in her knees sharpened as well as the aroma of piss on her face.
      These were silenced as a red hot iron, bent into the shape of T was pushed
      in her right buttocks. She screamed in pain &ndash; pounding her fists
      into the hard concrete, splashing urine into her eyes and mouth as she
      desperately fought fainting. After 10 minutes the pain had become manageable,
      and she got back up to her knees and crying- in both bliss and pain said   Thank
      you Master.   
Will you mark your
        self slave as my owned slutwhore?   
Yes Master!   
Her Master walked over
      to a set of drawers and pulled out a pair of clippers. She gasped as he
      plugged them in and handed them to here. Her mind yelled &ndash; NO! and
      STUPID CUNT! She took the clippers and turned them on. She cried profusely.
      All she heard was the clipper's hum. All she felt was how they bumped her
      head as she pulled them over her scalp.    
Touched by her submission,
      Master let her suck his cock and came in her mouth as she shaved her head.
      The anger and confusion was joy. She could feel in her mouth the lust with
      which her humiliation filled her Master and was happy. He came. Stepping
      back, her Master said   you
      may beg me to punish you. If you do not admit to your crimes against me
      and beg me good enough. I will leave and it will be the last you see of
      me. You have a minute to compose your thoughts. I will whip you when the
      minute is up.   
Slave knelt. Still lightheaded
      from the smell of his piss and the taste of his cum, she tried to concentrate.
      Then she remembered the confession she signed and when she felt the lash
      of the whip over her thigh she begged:   Master!
      Oh Master! I love you, I love you so much. You will never know. More then
      anything else- more the sky is blue&mdash;and the night is black&mdash;I
      know that I was born to be yours and yours alone. But I was a stupid self
      obsessed cunt of a woman for 40 years and in that time, I allowed 10 other
      men to use your body. I am so ashamed Master, please Master! Please Master&mdash;Punish
      me! Please&mdash;your whore begs you!   
Why do you need to
        be punished?   
Because, I am stupid
        and manipulative. I know I am your slave but I also know that if I am
        not made to hurt I can not regret enough what I have done. Oh&mdash;God,
        Master&mdash;it is so true. Pain! Severe Pain! It is the only way to
        correct such a selfish cunt.   
Ok slave- clean up
        and I will be back in two hours. I will administer your punishment.   
Thank you Master!   Slave
      said falling down on the floor and kissing his shoes in adoration of her
      master.   
Part two: Punishment
      # 1:   
Her Master walked in
      the room. Slave was kneeling, her forehead against the ground her hands
      reaching behind her she spread open her ass cheeks. She heard a thumb and
      looked to her side. A gag and feeding tube were throw to her right.   As
      you are my slave now, you have no need to speak. You will do and be done
      to. All your free choice is gone. Put it in.   
Slave reached and slid
      the tubing down her throat. Master had let her practice up to her torment.
      She learned how to take and live with a feeding tube. Each session got
      long and longer. They ended the same way with him pissing in one end of
      it and her cumming like a mad woman.   
Stand Slave!   
She did, and turned to
      her Master. She looked down at the floor&mdash;knowing it was never her
      place to look at the face of her owner unless he allowed her. Pleased her
      Master continued:   You
      told me that you fucked 10 men over a period of 17 years before you came
      to me. For this adultery, you shall be punished 10 times over a period
      of 17 days. Your first punishment will be the longest, a full week. You
      will pay for being an easy slut, and we both know the only way to punish
      a masochistic degradation hungry cunt like you is not to let you cum. Walk
      over to the sling cunt.   
The sling simply was
      a pair of leather slings that hung about 6 feet apart from the ceiling.
      The straps were wide and padded. She stood, head down and legs together,
      the only thought in her mind was that she was not going to cum for 4 days.
      She had long ago understood that she not only lost the right to cum but
      also the ability to cum without his consent. She remembered the night,
      he fucked her hard for six house. Her ass and thighs wet with his cum.
      Her cunt engorged. Her clit was so hard it hurt. But he had forbid her
      to cum. It was agony. Worst was one Thursday morning. It was the day she
      discovered the fullness of his control. She woke up horny and made her
      way to the shower. It was a strange irony, before meeting her Master, she
      was happy with 3 or 4 cums a week. Well, she laughed when she thought about
      it. Compared to what her Master did to her, what she thought was a good
      cum was about as exciting as popping a pimple. Now, she had become such
      a slut, in the truest sense of the world. She lived with a constant hunger,
      a need to cum. Even after having orgasms that would rock her mind, when
      she was sure she would be sated, the need to cum would come back in a few
      hours. She got in the shower and turned the water on hot. Her fingers found
      her way to her erect clit. She pinched and rolled it, her belly felt bloated
      with the need to cum. She knew that in just a few minutes she would. After
      five minutes, a certain fear crawled into her mind. She could not cum.
      At that moment, she wanted to fight his control. She still had the illusion
      that she had some control over her cunt and body. She reached for the shower
      head, turned it on pulse, lead back and fingered her cunt as the pulses
      of hot water slapped her clit. This would surely do it she thought, she
      had never failed to cum like this. She was wrong again. After two minutes,
      she knew but did not accept his domination. She continued for ten minutes.
      Her body ached with need. She was so very close but it did not matter.
      No matter what she did, she knew she would not cum. Slave curled up in
      the hot water and cried knowing that she was now owned. So when he told
      her she would not cum for 4 days. She knew she would not. It was not only
      a command but a statement as real and valid as the grass is green. She
      only hoped that he would let her have some pain to distract her&mdash;but
      he knew this as well and she was to get no pain only torment.   
Master walked up to his
      slave, and took two industrial ear plugs. He pinched them and pushed them
      gently in her ears. The world became silent. Then he took each ear and
      wrapped them in soft silk. This would prevent event he slightest sound
      from entering her.   
Master came back with
      a spindle of red silk ribbon. It was about three inches wide. He then wrapped
      her head tightly in it. She felt the cool soft fabric against her face
      and scalp. This increased the humiliation of being bald. He left a slit
      for her eyes, nose, and mouth.    
Master, took her hands
      and held them up to the each side. He put each arm into a long latex sleeve:
      the insides of which were lined with a topical anesthesia. As the sleeves
      were put on her arms, she felt them go numb. On her hands he put a pair
      of inflatable mittens. The inside was just a pair of latex mittens. The
      were covered with a rubber bulb. After Master put them on, he inflated
      them. It felt as if her hands had disappeared. She started to get the sense
      that she was trapped in her own body. Unable to hear or feel anything.   
Master put had her put
      one foot up and he slid it into a latex boot and stocking. Line again with
      the numbing ointment, her flesh went numb. The stockings reached up to
      her hips. She felt strange and queasy but at the same time, her mind focused
      on the one sensory organ on her body. Her clit and cunt lips which were
      pulsing with excitement.    
The final peace of the
      outfit was a straight jacket. It was padded on the inside as not to hurt.
      He put it on his slave and began to buckle it. It was not as uncomfortable
      as she feared. It almost felt kind of natural. Her arms were not pulled
      or her joints stretched. Her master buckled up the back, this caused slave
      to pull her head up as the neck was snug. The he walked in front of her,
      smiled and blew into the intake nozzles for her mittens. Her hands, already
      numb had turned into two balls of latex and rubber and felt like it. Last
      Master, secured her arms around her waist. A strap and belt came off each
      of the jackets wrists and were secured in back. On the sides of the jacket
      were two buckles that held her elbows to her side. In front, he bound both
      her fore arms together with a buckle just at the height of her navel. It
      did not hurt, but she also knew that she had no way of getting out.   
Master brought a stool
      over and put it behind his slave. She sat down looking at the two slings.
      He rolled her forward and placed her legs in each of the slings. This kept
      them wide, her cunt open to the world, the rest of her body a mass of black
      latex and red silk. Master lowered two steal cables from the ceiling. Each
      had a hook on the end. He put the hook into two rings built into the straight
      jacket. Adjusting the tension, he had gotten the cable taunt enough to
      take most of slave's weight. Last her Master brought over the back. This
      was a sheet of padded leather, about three feet wide and 4 feet long. Off
      of each corner was a chain with a hook at the end. Slave laid back into
      it. Master pulled away the stool. She hung there numb except her now throbbing
      cunt. She was not the least bit uncomfortable. Even unable to move an inch,
      it was as if she was resting on air.   
Master walked before
      her and smiled. Slave just knew that he was going to fuck her. At that
      point, it was what she was. A hanging cunt, only good for fucking only
      wanting fucking. It would be ok if he just fucked her and did not let her
      cum, hard but she would feel love. She was wrong.   
Master walked away. She
      panicked, thinking he was just going to leave her there, by now the numbing
      effect was complete, she was nothing but a pulsing fuck hole. A true horror
      hit her when he came back in, rolling a table in front of him.   
On the table were only
      three things: a steal basin, a feather duster and an oscillating fan. The
      duster had been mounted so that it was sticking straight up in the air.   
He rolled the table under
      here. The pan was just below her cunt and ass. Clearly, if she was going
      to shit or piss it was to be used to collect and discharge here waste products.
      The duster stood only a few inches from her hole, that she needed to be
      touched. The fan was at the far end of the table. Master turned it on.
      Slave yelped in frustration, the soft edges of the duster flicking slightly
      on her open cunt. Normally, she would not even notice such a soft touch.
      But her body denied any other tactile sense each time the flimsy tips touched
      her, it felt like she was being rubbed hard. She knew that in just a few
      seconds she would cum. The greatness of her Master filled her mind. She
      was going to cum with almost no stimulation. A bliss came over her and
      she waited. She waited a few more minutes. Then just like in the shower
      eight months ago an torturous epiphany slapped her mind. Her Master told
      her not to cum. Unlike in the shower when she fought his control, she now
      knew. She would not cum. As much as she could she braced herself for 4
      days of continuous miserable wanting.    
Right as her Master saw
      the recognition in his slaves eyes. He pressed the oscillating button on
      the fan. NO! her mind screamed. Ever few minutes there was a touch against
      her lips. Then a slight cascade of air, then nothing.   
The red silk became damp
      with tears of want and frustration. She wanted to look at her Master with
      hatred, but then she remembered, how hurt he was when she told him that
      she had fucked other men. Finally, Master decided to leave his slave alone
      with her remorse. He walked up behind her, and put an inflatable hood over
      her head. The feeding tube was pushed through a hole in the front, there
      was just enough room for her nostrils. Her world was black. Now with no
      senses her cunt became her eyes, skin, ears and mouth.    
The first four hours
      were the worse. She realized the full horror of her situation. If he only
      had let her fingers free, at least she could shove her finger nails into
      her palms to keep her mind off her want. It was as if the fan was a sadistic
      kitten and she was a ball of thread. Every minute or so, taking a jab at
      her. But then she settled into a haze of misery. She could feel her mind
      slipping beyond her control. Only one thing kept her sanity intact. Her
      master! Slave must stay sane for her master. She thought again and again.   
Four days seemed to be
      an both an eternity and an instant. Her master took her down. He kept the
      room dark and cold and silent so she would not be overloaded. Slave cried
      as each layer of her imprisonment was pealed away. She fell to her knees
      grabbed her Master's feet and kissed them. He rewarded her bring every
      sense in her back to life with erotic stimulation. Her first feeling was
      his hands pulling her free. The first thing she saw was he haunting blue
      eyes, sadistic and sad at the same time. The fist thing she heard was the
      words   Good
      slave.   The
      first thing she tasted was his cum.   
Does slave want to
        cum.   
Only if it would please
        Master for this slut to do so.   Slave
        answered.   
Kneel on the floor
        slave, legs spread. Reach behind and under and finger my cunt. Is slave
        ready to cum?   
Oh God yes Master!
        Please!   Slave
        yelled.   
At that point she felt
      his scolding piss hit her clit and he heard him say   Cum.   
She came so hard she
      collapsed to the floor shaking like she was having an epileptic fit. She
      was cumming with her whole body and mind. It was an all consuming cum that
      was sublime.   
Master let her sleep
      that night. Even bringing in a pillow for her to sleep on. They both wanted
      him to take her to his bed. She long for the night she could sleep under
      the same covers with the man that she worshiped. They both also knew that
      she had come to him a manipulative bitch. In the past, she saw his kindness
      as weakness. She loved him but change is painful and there would be plenty
      of nights for her to feel her Master's warmth after her punishments were
      over.   
Part three: Punishment
      #2, Cunt:   
Slave woke about eight
      hours later. Her body still tingled, as if every nerve was on edged. She
      looked up and next to here was a bucked that with a sticky note that said "Clean" on
      it. She stood up, Master turned on the light and started her cleaning.
      After an hour or so Master walked in.   
Slave!   
Slave quickly dropped
      to her knees, bent over and pulled her ass cheeks apart. He made her do
      this often. Master had a bit of a rape fetish. He liked to be able to fuck
      his slave without consent. This was impossible because they both knew that
      slave had no more consent to give. So he began to train slave by making
      her assume a sodomy position, but he would only ass fuck her occasionally.
      Despite the rarity of actually getting fucked, slave's cunt always would
      weep. This pleased Master's fetish to tease his slave.   
Are you ready for
        you next punishment?   Master
        asked.   
Yes, Master, please
        Master! I need it! I need to be yours forever.   
You brought me a used
        cunt. You know that.   
Yes, Master&mdash;I
        let other men fuck your cunt before I met you.    
Do you think I want
        to shove my cock up that polluted hole?   
A tear fell down slave's
      cheek as she answered,   No,
      no Master. It is the hole of a slut and a whore.   Slave
      was lying. She had never felt like a slut before meeting master. Quite
      the opposite, she felt undersexed. 10 men in 40 years was not so bad. But
      since she meet Master, she had become a true slut. Unless occupied, she
      spent ever second of everyday thinking about fucking, being fucked. At
      first, she was hesitant to call herself a slut or whore. Afraid that if
      she said it enough, she would believe it and become it. She was right.
      Now she was deeply ashamed. Before she could call herself a slut and think
      it was just for Master's pleasure. He got so hard when he berated her.
      But when she said it now, she knew it was true and she knew that there
      was nothing good about being a slut. To some the word slut is simply a
      woman who loves sex. But to slave, she was a slut and she knew what it
      meant. She was a woman so desperate to be fucked and used that she would
      whore away all of her body, mind and spirit to be fucked.   
So, do you want me
        to clean the filth out of that hole, so it can be fuckable for Master.   
Please, yes Master.    
Crawl behind me slave!   Master
      said as he left the room. Slave crawled, her head bowed. Master walked
      outside. It was cold out, slave hated the cold. Her body shivered but she
      called behind him. Master open the door to a shed. Inside there was another
      door. It was to a bomb shelter. The previous home owner, lived in fear
      of the bomb and had built it in the sixties. It was completely self contained,
      with a toilet, a stock of fresh water, and plenty of canned foods. Most
      importantly, it was 10 feet below ground. In this room, his slave could
      yell all she wanted, and no one could here her.   
The stairs metal stairs
      were steep. Slave looked down and asked.   Master,
      may slave walk down the stairs, they are too step and this clumsy slave
      does not want to mark Master's property.    
Crawl backwards, you
        stupid whore.   Master
        said.   
Slave turned around.
      Shame washed over her. She had been fucked, treated like a dog, pissed
      on, but somehow the shear absurdity of the act affected her. Also as she
      crawled down the stairs, she could not help but feel her cunt leaking down
      the insides of her thighs. Master had a raging hard on. Slave had a nice
      round hard ass and good hips. He could see her shiny lips as she backed
      down the stairs. He laughed. She got wetter.   
At the bottom of the
      stairs, slave moved to turn to her Master. He stood beside a fuck chair
      made out of red metal piping. It looked like a lawn chair made by DeSade.
      The base was made of three tubes that were welded to a circular tube on
      the floor and then together a few feet above the ground. This created a
      pyramid type effect. The back of the chair was made of three sections of
      padded leather: a large round one for the small of the slave's back: a
      wide square section for the slave's shoulders: and a curved u-shaped section
      for the slave's head. Slave did not see it from her kneeling view, but
      on the back of the bottom two pads were two sets of leather straps. These
      were used to hold the slave's arms as she got fucked. There was no seat
      or front to the chair at all. Just two metal polls that came up directly
      from the metal base. The polls had nothing on top of them, just metal about
      4 feet in the air. The chair came with many different attachments. The
      owner could mount pads, pulleys or even another slave in front of the slave
      as she sat in the chair.    
Get up slave. Walk
        over to the chair and bend over.   Master
        said.   
Slave got up walked to
      the front of the chair and bent. She felt a hypodermic needle in her right
      cheek. In a few seconds she fell forward. For some reason she could not
      stand.   I
      just gave you a strong muscle relaxant.   Master
      said.   It
      will not dampen the pain you are about to feel but it will allow me to
      bend your body in ways you can not imagine. Also, just so you know. It
      wears off in about 4 hours. At that time, you will be done with your cunt
      punishment and you will go into you service punishment. You will still
      be bound, and when you muscles begin to tighten, the pain will be excruciating.
      As you feel this pain, you are to be glad. I'm reshaping the body of a
      spoiled adulterous cunt so that I can fuck it better and harder. Now, get
      in the chair and lay your back on the pads, put your arms up and over the
      shoulder rest.   
Slave looked at the contraption,
      and walked back. She seemed confused at first squatting but that would
      not do. She could not just fall back onto it nor could she lean back. The
      pads were at a 45 degree angle to the floor. She turned and put her armpit
      into the upper section of the second pad. Then she wiggled around and finally
      got her second armpit up over the other side of the second pad. This bowed
      her shoulders out obscenely, like some pigeon chest freak. Once in this
      position, she let her body weight fall onto the back of the chair. She
      thought for a second that now- even without rope, she would never be able
      to get out of this chair. Her master then took her arms behind the chair
      and fitted them into the two straps. She felt the straps tighten and could
      feel her elbows touching. This caused a slight burning in he shoulders
      but not as much pain as when she was bound like this before. She looked
      out in front of her and saw how her legs hung lifelessly before her.   
Master then approached
      with her new shoes. They were ballerina slippers, but made out of brass.
      Master had taken casts of her feet a few weeks earlier, then he made a
      mold of latex. Inside of the latex were steal tubes which acted as surrogate
      bones. The latex was soft at room temperature and could be bent and molded.
      Master bend each of the casts into tight. He took the feet and laid them
      in a bed of plaster. As the plaster hardened it held the feet in place.
      Then he covered the upper section of the latex feet with plaster. In a
      day he had a mold of his slaves feet, curled and tormented. He made a plaster
      mold of the bent foot and then sculpted wax around it. He left a little
      area at the big toe, this he would fill with padding. Not that it would
      be needed. He knew that just standing in his shoes would be very painful.
      So the slave would have to crawl all the time. The wax was sculpted into
      shoes, well more pegs. At the bottom was a 2 inch round base. This was
      all the slave would have to stand on. The shoes came in two sections. The
      back, where the slaves foot would be forced to be bent around and the face.
      The face would be laid over the slaves foot and then strapped into place.   
Slave looked up as master
      took her foot and placed her toes into the small bronze box. Then he simple
      held her leg and her foot curved to fit exactly in the shoe. As she did
      her calf was fully contracted, yet she felt no pain. Master put the face
      on the shoe and laced it down. Slave felt again as if she was out of her
      body. Her foot had just been bound terribly but she did not feel too much
      pain. She knew however when the drug wore off she would could not stand
      it. Master let her leg drop to the floor, allowing his slave to feel the
      weight of her new shoe. He did the second foot. Slave watched in a daze.   
Master came back with
      two very strange devices. Slave had no idea what they were. She made out
      two elements. One was a kind of T shaped for. One part metal tube that
      had a kind had a screw pattern cut into it. It was topped with a log kind
      of half tube shaped curved pad. The other section was just a square metal
      box, it had two holes in it and several knobs. Slaves imagination ran trying
      to guess what sadistic purpose this strange device was going to be used
      for. She did not guess correctly.   
Master slid the square
      box down over one of the front polls. He used the knobs to secure it in
      place. He then slid the second section into the other hole and turned it
      so it was kind of parallel to the ground. Slave still was somewhat confused
      until Master Lifted one of her legs and laid it on the inside of the padded
      section. He strapped it down. There she sat, laying back like in a dentist
      chair, but now here legs was bound high in the air and she could feel the
      coldness of the room on her cunt. Master did the second leg on the same
      manner. Then smiling, his deliciously evil smile, he pulled out two big
      brass nuts. He put the nuts on the threaded end of the polls that supported
      slave's legs. Then he turned the each of the nuts, as he did they pushed
      the pads out from the poll. After ten minutes she was bound her legs spread
      in a full split, her pussy wide open and dripping wet. She needed to be
      fucked she thought.   
Exposed, Master loved
      the site of his slave&mdash;to his mind, she was less human then a hanging
      cunt and a cunt that he owned. Master took placed a mousetrap on each of
      the slave's open cunt. Taking duct tape, master tied the other end of the
      traps to the slave's inside thighs. Slave cried in pain of her crushed
      labia but hen felt her lust welling up in her.   
Master had taken a vibrator
      and was pushing it in and out of his slave's wet cunt. She looked at Master
      dazed and confused, slave forgot his cunt would not cum without his permission.
      Suddenly, she remembered and began to beg:   Please
      Master! Please, please let this whore cum with your cunt.   
Cum slave!   Master
      demanded. As he did he took a large red candle and dripped it directly
      onto her throbbing clit. Her mind was wrapped around her clit when she
      came. When the candle dripped onto her clit, the pain wrapped around her
      mind. Soon, the pain was replaced with fear.   
Master was standing before
      his slave with a hard bristle brush. Master used it to scrap off the dried
      wax. Slave felt each hard plastic tip as she felt her flesh was being carved
      off of her body. Slave looked down and the puffy red mess that was her
      cunt and was somewhat surprised that it was still there. Then she felt
      the vibrator again. This time, it felt as if her cunt was in spasm and
      her belly was crushed as she needed to cum. Master gave her permission
      to cum, and she did again, and the wax was dripped again.   
Slave now was hysterical.
      The pain she felt was worst then anything she had felt before. The pleasure
      she felt was more then she had ever before. She lost her breath, but did
      not know if it was the blinding pain or the sublime pleasure. Then came
      the vibrator again. This time, her body began to pulse and she was shaking
      her head. Slave did not know this, but at this time she had become nothing.
      She was nothing but the movement in her cunt. More then her mind and body,
      her being was about to cum. Her belly felt strange, like she was being
      punched from the inside out. She was so out of it, she could not even want
      to cum. All she could do was want. She was stupid and dazed with the want.
      Master fucked her with the dildo for 20 minutes. Slave's screams filled
      the room. Then master stopped.   
Slave came down from
      the want, about to collapse in total exhaustion, Master looked at slave.
      He had a rag in his hand. He pressed it into her pulpy wet cunt and ordered
      her to cum.   
The rag was saturated
      with rubbing alcohol. It felt like her cunt was soaked in gasoline and
      was ignited. She came, then collapsed into unconsciousness. A few hours
      later, her pain woke her. She looked up the drugs had worn off. Every joint
      was on fire, her cramps felt like they were impaled on spikes. Her Master
      was no where again. At this moment she had an epiphany, she did not care
      as much about the pain that riddled her body as she did that she was alone.
      She knew before but knew more now, that Master could inflict no pain in
      her that would be more then the pain she felt in his absence.    
Chapter 4:    
Slave woke up as she
      felt warm water being washed over her body. Opening her eyes, she saw a
      long haired blond woman standing before her. It was hard for Slave to notice
      anything about the woman except for two things. First she had a ball gag
      about the size of a grapefruit in her mouth, and two huge breasts. Slave
      did not know, but the woman before her came to Master ten years ago, and
      every year has had her breast increased so she would become more and more
      of a freak. Now, her chest was over 60 inches big. As slave begun to wake,
      the woman introduced herself&mdash;by turning and showing slave her chest:
      Overlord's soiled pig. Slave watched as the woman moved around her. Every
      move the woman made was determined by the obscene orbs that hung in front
      of her.    
The woman was gentle,
      but slave started to get angry. As the woman washed her legs, slave noticed
      that the woman's flesh was unmarked. No welt, not scar, no brand, no tattoo&mdash;nothing.
      The woman un did the slave's legs and feet from their bindings. When she
      undid slave's feet from the shoes they were laced into&mdash;the blood
      rushed in and ignited the dormant pain. The woman massaged the pain away.
      It was not a sexual thing. The woman was gentle and careful not to arouse
      herself or her Overlord's slave. Each joint or limb that was un-bound found
      the woman's touch. All the time slave looked at her unblemished skin. She
      became outraged&mdash;how could Master be so cruel to her and leave this
      perverse slut unmarked. It seemed so unfair that she had to endure such
      agony.    
Then her mind began to
      wrestle with the choice of confronting master. What go would that do, he
      would just fuck the slut in the ass and make her watch. But she also felt
      the last remnants of her former self start to stir. How dare he, she thought.
      It was not fair and Master knew it. She also knew that if she did not say
      something, she would just get angrier and angrier and try to manipulate
      Master. The only time she tried and was caught he refused to talk to her
      for two weeks. Even as a novice slave&mdash;the two weeks were agony. She
      spend every day in regret. The only thing that kept her sane was that it
      would be over soon. The thought of losing her Master forever would push
      her to the edge. She knew she would act up if she did not say something
      so she got up all her strength to confront Master. Little did she know,
      the third punishment was had already begun. Master knew that she had some
      brat in her&mdash;and he needed to break her of it.   
All of these thoughts
      stopped when she was completely unbound. The pig knelt on the ground and
      began to crawl. Slave read follow pig, which was written across the woman's
      ass. She also drew a breath when she looked inside the pig's ass. It was
      filled with a clear Lucite plug. The plug was about 4 inches wide, inside
      it was a tiny flashlight, so she could latterly look up the pig's bowels.
      She followed the pig. The pig had a hard time crawling&mdash;her huge obscene
      breasts touched the ground.    
As they approached the
      house, pig crawled to the living room&mdash;which was set up like an interrogation
      chamber. There was a card table with a deck of flash cards, a chair, a
      cattle prod and a bright light. Opposite the chair were a pair of handcuffs
      that came down from the ceiling.   
Put the Slave in position!   Master
      said.   
The pig walked around
      and pushed slave to here knees. Her tits were put on top of the card table
      and her wrists were secured in the handcuffs. Master looked at pig and
      stated:   Get
      the fuck in the corner&mdash;you filthy piece of shit, I will drag that
      cum infested hole you came to me with out here when I need it.   He
      then looked at slave, smiled and said   You
      did very well slave, you made you Master very hard, I am pleased.   
Thank you, Master&mdash;oh,
        thank you.   
But we both know that
        you fucked committed adultery ten times before coming to your Master,
        and you have only been punished twice.   
Yes, Master&mdash;please
        punish me more.   
Now Slave, all you
        have to do is get through this one deck of flash cards and you punishment
        will be over.   This
        terrified slave, the worst punishments she was given always started off
        like he was going to be kind to her, she knew this would be the same.
        She was right.   
Master picked up the
      first card, it had a red square on it. He showed it to her and asked   What
      is the color of this blue square?   
Blue Master.   Slave
      said just before the cattle prod was pushed into her rib cage.    
How dare you lie to
        me you fucking cunt! It is red.   Master
        yelled. Lets try this one, Master said holding up a flash card with a
        blue triangle on it. Then he said   What
        shape is this blue square?   
It is a triangle,
        Master.   Slave
        said, and another jolt shook her body.   
You defy your Master,
        you worthless whore!   Master
        said. He then took the next card and it was a blue square.   So
        slave, what color is this yellow square?   
I don't know Master,
        I'm too stupid to know.   Slave
        said hoping her self-berratement was what Master wanted. She was wrong
        and knew it as a third bold struck her body.   Did
        I tell you to comment- you answer- if you don't know then guess and get
        the prod like you deserve.    
Master picked up the
      forth card, a yellow circle and said   What
      color is this yellow circle?   
It is yellow, Master.   The
      slave felt the prod again. Master yelled at her   How
      dare you call it yellow stupid cunt, it is clearly blue. I am not even
      going to do the last one. Tell me what you are thinking cunt, and you better
      not lie.   
You're being unfair
        Master. I try, I try so hard, I give to you more then any other man.
        It was not fair.   
I am the Master?   
Yes, Master&mdash;you
        are my Master.   
Do I have to care
        about you?   
No Master.    
From now on slave,
        whatever I do to you or demand of you is fair and just. Because I say
        it is so. So tell me slave, was this test fair?   
Yes, Master&mdash;it
        was fair.    
Why?   
Because, you say so&mdash;and
        you are the Master.    
So, one more round,
        just to see if you can pass the test.   Master
        said. He took the five cards, and this time round went through and correctly
        identified ever card as did the slave. She never felt the cattle prod
        again.   
So slave, would you
        like your reward the taste of my cum?   
Please Master, yes?   
Good, and you will
        do anything for it.   
Yes Master.   
Pig- get the fuck
        over here and drag that seeping ulcer you pass off as a cunt with you.   Master
        yelled. Pig hurried in and bowed her head at Master's feet.   Let
        my slave down, put her on the ground. She is going to eat out your cunt
        while you suck my cock pig.   
Slave was irate! How
      dare he. She could promised her the taste of his cum. Then she remembered
      the lesson and handed Master the cattle prod.   Here
      Master.   
What is this for slave?   
I need to be punished.   
Why slave?   
I thought for a second
        that making me eat out this lesbian whores cunt while she got to suck
        your glorious cock was unfair. Please punish me Master for daring to
        judge you.   
As you wish.   Master
      said taking the prod shoving it hard in her belly and turning it on. If
      felt like her insides had turned to soup but which was nothing compared
      to the guilt she felt when she questioned Master. Dutifully, she laid flat
      on her back and Master's pig lowered her cunt over the slaves face. It
      was dripping girlsnot all over here. It was all slave could do not to vomit.
      She worked her cunt hard, shoving her tongue deep inside it. She would
      clamp her mouth on the pig's clit and suck it. Meanwhile pig sucked Master
      like a pro. She pushes out her tongue and curled it under his balls as
      she tried to ram his cock into her throat. Pig came three time, each time
      leaving a pool of girlsnot on slave's face. Then master came. He snapped
      his fingers and pointed down to his slave. Pig grabbed the slave's cunt
      and started to finger it. Slave fought it but she was good and got her
      very wet.   
Does slave want to
        taste the cum of her master?   
Yes, Master! Please
        Master!   
Do you want to cum
        when you do so?   
Oh God, Yes Master!   
Now pig spit out the
        cum into my slave's mouth.   
Pig bending over, let
      all the white fluid drip down into slave's mouth. As she did, slave felt
      the warmth of Master's urine hitting her clit. She came instantly. It was
      not as intense as the pain cums, but it was a charming little cum. She
      laughed when she thought this. Now it was just a minor cum, in her previous
      life its it would have rocked her world.   
I will leave you to
        get acquainted, as you will be seeing a lot of each other.   Master
        said as he walked out of the room.   Oh,
        were are my manners? Pig, this is slave. Slave, this is pig.   He
        said shutting the door behind him.   
Chapter 5: Slave meets
      pig, punishment number 4   
Pig walked over with
      a bucket with two sponges. Her and slave wiped up Master's floor. They
      did so quietly. When the were done Pig crawled over to the corner. She
      picked up a tube of lipstick and crawled back to slave. Slave was still
      lost in the taste of her Master's cum. She thought to her self that she
      was as addicted to it as the worst coke addict. Since the first time she
      felt his cum hit the back of her throat, she knew that she needed the taste.
      She had lost 40 pounds since she first tasted his cum. From then on every
      food had no flavor, unless master was kind and cummed on it first. She
      felt Pig lift her up and sit her in the chair. Pig had slave open her knees
      wide and then got on the table and knelt on her knees, her own legs open
      wide. Slave saw the naked cunt of this woman dripping wet. She felt a slight
      kinship. Pig wrote on her large artificial tits "Please let Pig speak."   
Slave nodded her head.
      Part of her wanted to beat the crap out of this whore in front of her who
      had just sucked a cock slave had hoped would only be hers but she knew
      that Master would not tolerate any abuse. Pig undid her strap and began
      to speak.   
Thank you! I have
        so much to tell you. Please forgive me sucking your Master's cock.   
No, no&mdash;you saw
        what he did to me. I deserved to suck it.   
It's not about deserve
        with Overlord, you should know&mdash;I am not allowed to suck his cock
        but four times a year.   
Slave felt scared for
      a second. She trusted her Master, but knew how stubborn he was. She didn't
      want to know anything more about Pig but she needed to know how to avoid
      her fate. She knew that if Master chose not to let her suck his cock ever
      again, she would have to deal with it. All she cared about was her Master,
      and any sacrifice would be worth just sitting next to him. But she certainly
      did not want to find herself in the same position. Slave stated:   Master
      must be happy, I'm not found of having some cunt to share him with, but
      if he wants it. But do not think I don't hate you for having my Master's
      cock.   
Please, I am not a
        slave.   
What? What are you?   
I'm just a worthless
        piece of shit whore. Ten years ago, I met your Master on line. He was
        perfect for me. I need a man who will never forgive me for my life of
        vial sluttiness&mdash;I am just holes to be fucked and I let them get
        fucked so much that they are of no use to Master.   
Sounds like a slave
        to me.   
No, you do not understand.
        I'm not now or never will be a slave. Even a Master as great as Overlord
        can not wash the sin away from my cunt.    
Why do you stay?   
Because, he is Overlord.
        Men treated me like shit all the time, but few called me shit. All of
        them tried to break me and make me into a pain slut. I need an owner
        to keep me in the lowly position of pig that I've earned with a life
        of whoring and Overlord does. Each year Overlord gives me one day in
        which he will fuck my ass and cunt all day and night. Overlord takes
        viagra to keep him hard. October 31, he fucks me silly.    
Why does he fuck you
        then?   
Overlord likes me
        to be his freak. He got me a job cleaning toilets at several of the local
        gas stations. I'm so happy I get to work for him and it reminds me everyday,
        what I am. A selfish pig wore who condemned itself to a life of wiping
        up the shit and piss of strangers. Overlord takes most of my money and
        puts it in a bank account. Each year he lets me take out $20,000 and
        I go get his udders enlarged.    
But Master says he
        hates boob jobs.   
Oh he does. The one
        time a year he fucks me he looks at me with total disgust and tells me
        that with out the viagra his cock could never get hard for piece of shit
        fuck freak like me.   
Why does he make you
        get them?   
So the world will
        see me as what I am. Now, I go out in public everyone knows I'm a whore.
        It is degrading, women sneer at me. It hurts when I'm at the mall and
        a mother will force her children to look the other way when I walk by.
        All the men look at me like some blow up doll. Teen age girls are the
        worse. When I get out of line, Master will punish me by making me go
        to the mall. Dressed up as a cheep whore. It is always horrible. Last
        time a pack of girls followed me, laughing at me. What is worse, is I
        come home and my cunt is dripping but Overlord makes me tell him and
        any guests or subs he has over what happen to me that day.   
That is horrible.   
Yes, but it is more
        then I deserve. Sometimes I get bratty and forget my place. The last
        time Overlord had been out late and I was to wait for him to get home.
        I was so tired; I fell asleep and did not wake when the door opened.    
He doesn't whip you?   
No! Pig is not a pain
        slut. Master says that only women who take pain for him can be slaves,
        I'm just a pathetic piece of shit that he allows to be around him. He
        hasn't touched any of the rest of the money. I can leave at any time,
        he says that I've got like $300,000.00 saved up so far.   Slave
        felt angry. She knew she was a masochist, but she also thought Master
        made her into one. Pig notice the anger in slave's eyes and tried to
        assuage her   Please
        don't hate me!   
He doesn't hurt you!   
You don't understand.
        I'm not good enough to be hurt. I know that. I had a chance to be a slave
        and I chose to be a pig. Besides  &frac14;  .   Pig
        said pausing.    
Besides what?   
Besides, besides no
        amount of pain and punishment can redeem me. I chose to be a filthy fuck
        thing. I chose to have strangers fuck me in the ass. I chose to blow
        men in subway rest rooms. I've whored out all that is human and made
        my self a pig. I love Overlord for never pretending I wasn't.   
Why are you telling
        me this?   
Overlord likes you.   Pig
      said quietly and begun to cry.   I
      want Overlord happy, and I can only service his needs once a year. I love
      you for fucking my Overlord.    
That moment, Slave felt
      a bit of empathy for Pig. One of Master's great sadism was as much as he
      took he left a slave aware of her position. She knew the power he had and
      how it exhilarated and hurt at the same time.   I'm
      not bi.   
I know. Overlord told
        me.   
I didn't like eating
        you, I did it for Master.   
I know! I know. You
        don't have to be bi. Overlord has told me that this is the last time
        you will ever taste my cunt. I'm at your disposal.   
Why?   
Because, I'm shit,
        you are a slave.    
You love him?   
No! Overlord refuses
        to accept my love. He says that what I think is love is just need, I'm
        too used to know love, but I do need him.   Pig
        answered. The she sighed and said   It
        was good to meet you. I need to get the next punishment ready for you.   
Will you watch?   
No, I don't like what
        he does to you. Besides, Master is going to be hungry when he is done
        so I need to go to the store.   Pig
        said putting the ball gag back in her mouth. She took slave by the hand
        and walked her over to the far wall. On it were 4 hooks. Two about eight
        feet in the air, 6 feet apart. Two at the base of the wall also six feet
        across. She had slave stand up on a box as she put the first two cuffs
        on. Then secure a short length of chain to each of the upper hooks.    
She pulled the box out
      and slave fell to the ground, her shoulders burring with pain as she hung
      by them. Then Pig put cuffs on both of slave's ankles pulling them apart.
      Slave hung spread eagle. The last bit of horror was when slave put a welder's
      mask over slave's head- covering her face and a large collar on her neck.
      Slave did not know what was going to happen- but she knew having her face
      and neck protected was not good. She hung in her fear for an hour.   
Master walked in, his
      voice breaking slave out of the daze of pain she was in.   
Ten men? You let ten
        Men fuck my cunt and ass?   
Yes Master! Yes, I
        whored out your cunt, ass and mouth. Please, please Master please forgive
        me.   
Forgiveness? What
        does slave need before she can be forgiven.   
Punishment, please
        punish me. I know I was a slut! I know! I need to be your slave!   Slave
        said yelling. She knew that if Master told her she was a pig, she would
        be one and she was quaking with fear. Less of the bullwhip then ending
        up like pig.   
You will take ten
        straps of the whip! You will beg me before each one. As I whip you- you
        are to confess to your adultery and degrade yourself before you beg me
        to whip you again. Do you understand cunt?   
Yes, God yes.   Slave
      cried, she wanted, no needed the pain. She wanted to show Master how much
      she loved him.   
Begin!   
Please Master! I was
        a whoring bitch before I met you. Please punish me for whoring out your
        cunt. Please Master.   
Slave hear a wush as
      the bull whip was pulled back. Then a thump as it hit the wall behind master,
      then as she started to here a second wush, pain seared into her back. She
      trust her body into the wall and began to cry uncontrollably. It was as
      if a red hot piece of steal was laid on her back. Nothing but pure clear
      pain.    
It took about two minutes
      for her to regain her senses. Choking on her tears, slave continued:   Please
      Master, please&mdash;punish this cunt! Punish this shit-eating piss drinking
      whore. Make her your salve! Please  &frac14;     As
      she beg she felt the wush, thump, wush and again her back exploded in pain.
      It was as if her shoulders were cut in two. The pain was so intense that
      she gasped for breath.   
Three minutes later,
      she began again.   Please
      Master Please whip this arrogant cunt for not coming to your earlier! Please.   Wush,
      thump, wush: the whip landed over the slave's ass. Master had pulled the
      whip through; the feeling was like a fishhook was pushed in one check and
      pulled over her ass through the second.    
Slave felt faint but
      began again.   Please,
      punish the brat out of your slave master!   Wush,
      thump wush, Master did her ass again, this time from left to right, as
      if the fish hook was pulled in the opposite direction.   
Please Master, Please-
        shit, cunt, whore, bitch, and pig&mdash; fucking shit. Please please
        punish slave.   Wush,
        thump, wush. This strike hit her thighs.   
Fuck! Oh fuck- oh
        God! I deserve this, I love you master! Please punish me.   Wush,
        thump, wush: This strike Master snapped the whip so that the tip slammed
        into one spot. It felt like a railroad spike had been hammered into her
        hip.   
Crying hysterically,
      all slave could do was whimper,   Please,
      please, please please  &frac14;  .   Wush,
      thump, wush. Master cracked the whip at her left hip.   
Please, please please,
        please.   At
        this point slave was delirious, she was off in a haze. At this point
        slave did not as much feel the pain of the last three strikes as they
        broke her out of her high and for a moment of agony she felt all of the
        pain in her body.   
The slave held on till
      ten, her consciousness' was hanging by a frayed thread. Master walked up
      to her undid her leg cuffs first. Slave wobbled more then stood. Then he
      undid her hands. Slave fell onto Master's chest offering her broken bleeding
      body to him as a sign of her love.    
Master inserted a single
      finger into slave's cunt and rubbed her clit. Then kissed her deeply and
      gently&mdash;his breath filling her body. Slave came and fell off.   
She woke the next day.
      Lying on her back. Pig was at her bed crying as she changed slave's bandages.
      She tried to be gentle but each time she touched slave's torn skin with
      the iodine, slave screamed in agony.    
Slave went back to sleep.   
Pig looked down at slave
      and cried. She hated her Master at that moment. Pig hated pain, other then
      the odd nipple twist or spank to keep her in her place. Slave's flesh looked
      so bad, so injured, so much pain. She hated her Master for what he had
      done. There was only one thing to do.   
Pig got up and crawled
      back to her room. The master built pig a sty just in the crawl space under
      the stairs in the basement. The floor was always cold and it was slightly
      damp most of the time. It was decorated in all hot pink and red. Pig had
      her own bed. It was a dog bed Master bought for pig a few years ago. Although
      it was barely large enough for Pig to be able to get to sleep on curled
      up in an fetal position, it was the only softness he allowed her. He even
      allowed pig to have he own CD collection. Each month pig was given a twenty,
      she could go to the music store and pick out however many CD's she wanted.
      They became like a tether to pig's sanity. They were the only thing that
      Pig was allowed to actually own. Everything else, her clothes, dildo, food&mdash;was
      Master's and she got to ask for permission to use or consume any of them.
      But her CD's were hers and hers alone. Pig kept her outside clothes in
      this room.    
Pig had to bend over
      to stand in her sty. She flipped through the clothes until she found the
      perfect dress. Master had pig by it; it was originally a size 18 maternity
      dress. They bought it at the 2  nd   hand
      charity store. Pig thought it was the most awful tasteless thing she had
      ever scene. In her past life, she had been a somewhat urbane young woman.
      The dress was hot pink. It was decorated with yellow flowers and a bumble
      bee made out of rind stones around the chest. Even thought designed for
      a pregnant 200 pound woman, pig could hardly get the dress over her fake
      tits. What was a conservative neckline for a much larger woman showed off
      much of pig's cleavage. Then Master had pig alter it. One day he came home
      with an old girdle. Pig then sewed it into the midsection of the dress.
      This did three thing. First, the girdle itself brought Pigs waist into
      a small and uncomfortable 21 inches. Second, Pig had to sew it close to
      the chest for it to look right. When pig put it on, the fabric stretched
      out to accommodate her tits and the neckline widened so it was just about
      down to the middle of massive orbs. Finally, it make pig have to shove
      her chest up to put on the dress. Not only did she look like a slut, she
      looked like a campy parody of a slut. The last alteration was for the skirt.
      Master did not let Pig take it in, so it just hung like drapery over her
      ass and thighs. He did make her take it up so that it hung only about 8
      inches below her ass and cunt. Any shorter and Pig would risk being arrested
      for indecent exposure. Finally, pig put on a pair of hot pink bowling shoes,
      her slutty make-up and put her hair into pig tails.    
Pig looked at herself.
      It was about 3 pm on a Saturday afternoon. The Mall would be packed. Especially
      with young women both professional and in college. She felt hatred for
      her Master, she must be punished and the scorn of strangers always made
      her cry. Pig put her pepper spray and $20.00 in her bag, and went up to
      Master.   
Pig crawled to master,
      who was watching a football game on TV  .
      Overlord, your slave is downstairs. Oink. Pigshit cleaned and re-bandaged
      her, Oink. Pig is going to go to the mall for some degradation, Oink.    
What have you done?   
Pig questioned its
        Overlord. Pig needs to be punished for forgetting Overlord is supreme.   
Good Pig! Make sure
        you feel much degraded and vial. I forbid you to cum.    
Yes, Overlord. Pig
        will please overlord.   
Pig got to the mall and
      parked far away. She got out of the car and as she walked by she could
      feel the gawking begin. Mothers would come out with their children and
      look at pig with hatred. Several would stop and turn their children's head
      in shame. She walked into through one of the large department stores at
      the end of the mall. They hated her in the store, and had tried to get
      her arrested on several occasions, but they could not explain how what
      pig had on was any more obscene the stuff that they sold in the women's
      department. Three years ago, they threw her out and were sued by Master.
      They settled out of court. Since, they let pig in, but they had employees
      picked out to follow her around the store, three feet behind her. It was
      degrading. Not only did she look like a tramp, now she looked like a petty
      thief.    
After walking through
      the store. Pig walked down to the food court. She looked for a table full
      of guys wearing letter jackets or frat shirts and make sure she walked
      right by them. As she did, she heard everything from laughter and oinking
      to cat calls and degrading names. This was never as degrading as Pig would
      have hoped. She had been verbally abused by Master, who made her look up
      words to describe her own filthy state like offal, wastrel, ribald, puerile
      cunt , a piece of cur, and a nasty slap of graduates flesh. Being called
      a slut or hose-bag seemed silly. At these times she kind of felt like Cyrano
      D'borcarak and wanted to turn to them and say "is that all you got?" Still,
      it was degrading to think of how many of those guys were going to be wacking
      off thinking about her that night. But what she really liked, was a group
      of guys who were just their with their girlfriends. She would look at the
      woman who looked back at her with such delightful hatred.    
She walked into the music
      store and did not believe her luck. The Phi-Rho, a sorority at one of the
      local colleges, was in their all together. Pig loved them because they
      were the richest, most beautiful women on campus. They were all white,
      blond and wealthy. Their rush parties were notorious. It was consider a
      failure if at least one homely woman did not drop out of school the next
      day after being subjected to their bereavement. The Phi-Rho's not only
      believed they were superior, they knew it. As part of the hazing, invariably
      they would pick out one foreign student to be their bink. A bink was a
      woman who was not considered ready to be a pelage but if she survived a
      semester of debasement and abuse she would be allowed to enter the next
      semester's pledge class. The bink was the plague's bitch. The tradition
      was for each class, of nine women to put $1,000.00 into the pool. If they
      could get the bink to attempt suicide, the pelage Mistress would get all
      of the money and the pelage class would get immediate sisterhood. The bink
      would have to be watched all the time. No bink actually killed themselves,
      as the sorority knew their power and influence in the state kept them from
      getting in trouble for such a blat only racist tradition as the bink, but
      even with all the judge's, state senators, and CEO's in their extended
      families, the death of a bink would bring a bright spotlight to their little
      society. The Phi-Rho's knew that if they went beyond a certain line there
      support would evaporate immediately. Pig had run into the Phi-Rho's before.
      It was a legend on campus that whoever nailed the sorority's president
      would get a visit from a huge-titted sex freak. Unlike most legends, this
      one was true. Pig tried to use one of the quarterly stranger fucks she
      had to seduce the sorority's president's boyfriend.    
This act did two things.
      First, she grew to be hated by the sorority. Her photo was passed around
      to all of the sisters after they had passed pledge, so they knew who was
      their enemy. Second, Pig was under the protection of her Overlord. Pig
      knew how much power these women had, the whole town did. They had shut
      down businesses for the smallest slight. They had families displaced so
      they could tear down their houses and put in parking lots. Yet, they could
      not touch Overlord. Overlord had grown up with several of the state's most
      powerful people. Since the age of 13 he kept a dossier on every person
      he met who he saw potential in. As he got rich, he would support many political
      candidates. He was not dirty but ruthless and smart.    
Pig used to relish her
      encounters with the Phi-Rho's until about three years ago. She was brutally
      raped in a public bathroom. She was fisted and beaten until her tits ruptured.
      She was taken to the hospital and was in ICU for two weeks. No one in the
      community could believe it when the next day, the sorority's president,
      pelage mistress, vice president and treasurer were hauled off in handcuffs.
      Despite of all their wealth and power they were found guilty of Aggravated
      Sexual Assault and Attempted Murder. The judge was put in a hard spot.
      On the one hand, the four women's families reigned down all of the pressure
      they could to have the woman sentenced to the minimum sentence in a minimum
      security prison. On the other hand, every day the trial was delayed 20
      minutes just trying to regain order in the court as the 4 women were hissed
      and booed at. The Phi-Rho's had existed for 50 years. Every day at lunch
      he was confronted by someone with a story of the carnage the sorority had
      leveled on their lives. Some broke his heart, like the former bink homeless
      woman who stopped him on the street and showed him the scars from when
      she tried to slit her wrists. He was more concerned about the politically
      damning testimonies. Black, White, Asian, Middle-Eastern, Indigenous American,
      Hispanic, Gay, and Elderly leaders paraded through his office advising
      him that if any leniency was shown this women, Saddam Hussain would have
      a better chance of getting re-elected then he. So each was sentenced to
      40 years in a Maximum security prison, with no parole for 25 years. Rumor
      was, that the 4 women had each become a bitch to one of the lifers in the
      prison. The Phi-Rho's had scene this as all Pig's fault.   
Pig was unique among
      humans to the Phi-Rho's. Most people, they held in a kind of slight contempt.
      They did not care enough about them to actually hate them. Pig they hated.    
Pig walked into the record
      store. Michele immediately walked up to her and spat on her.   How
      do you let trash like this pig in here? Make her go!   She
      said to the manager.    
Sorry, Miss but the
        law says!   The
        clerk answered.   
Shut the fuck up!   Michele
      yelled back.   Girls
      over here! I want you to see this aging fat titted low class whore!   With
      that the pelage class circled pig and started to oink at her and spit on
      her.    
Pig started to cry. Michele
      backed away from the pack and called the sorority president, Denise. Who
      had just gotten a digital photo of her boyfriend with his dick cumming
      all over pigs tits.   Let
      me call Ms. Hunt.   Denise
      answered.   Follow
      her lead ok.   
Ok,   Michele
      answered.   
The all stood around
      pig and oinked. A group of people started to gather. Pig felt ashamed and
      humiliated. Then a much older woman rushed into the Record store and yelled   Stop
      this right now!   
The plague's recognized
      the woman, it was Ms. Hunt. The group's original founder. She was rail
      thin and in her 70's. She rushed up to Pig and put her shawl around her
      and said   My,
      my dear, are you ok.   
Pig cried and answered,   I
        just want to buy a CD.   
Go on then, get it,
        Her let me buy it.   
No! I don't need your
        money.   Pig
        answered.   
Come, come little
        woman, let me at least buy you a cup of coffee.   
OK.   Pig
      knew that she was likely going to be set up, she did not know who the old
      woman was, but the only older women who were kind radiated pity. She felt
      no pity from this strange matronly woman. She paid for her CD, slipped
      it into her bag and followed the woman. They left the store. The slender
      old woman with her arms around Pig's shoulders. Pig was feeling good. She
      had been punished and she got the CD she wanted.   
Back in the store, Michele
      turned to her pledge class and said,   Scum,
      Ms. Hunt says that she is going to have pig back at the construction site.
      Hurry up and follow me.   The
      nine girls followed Michele out of the store. Half a minute later, a tiny
      Asian woman walked up to the counter and purchased the CD that Pig had
      just bought and took out her digital video camera. She checked to see if
      she if she could upstream the images to her PC and then hurried and followed
      the gaggle of young women.   
Pig and the old woman
      waked by an abandoned shop. It was off in a back corner of the mall. As
      they walked by, she pushed Pig in. Five sets of arms grabbed pig and placed
      her on a saw horse that was there for the construction.   
Tie that nasty fucking
        cunt up! Now! We are going to teach this whore a lesson.   Ms.
        Hunt yelled. Then flipped her phone open and called mall security.   Hello,
        Franklin? This is Ms. Hunt, we are doing a sorority event in the construction
        area, put out your guards.   
I don't care when
        they come back. Tell them to go jerk off in the bathroom. I'll call you
        when we are done.    
By this time pig was
      tied up over the saw horse. Her dress was cut off her and she was being
      slapped and prodded. Michele was fixated on Pig's hanging tits. Pulling
      them and pinching them. Pig smiled. She had her tits pulled by lesbians
      and straight women. No way was Michele straight. Michele spit in her face
      and yelled   This
      fucking pig whore loves it, she is a lesbo whore. Speaking of which where
      is that fucking bink?   
Bink stepped out of the
      shadows, she was a Japanese woman. She wore her hair up and no make up.
      The sorority girls thought she was homely. Pig thought she was utterly
      beautiful. Plus she looked at pig in a funny way. Pig had scene rage, hatred,
      fear, sadness, pity but rarely empathy.    
You fucking like this
        too you fucking slanted eyed gook shit.   
Me sucky sucky!   The
      Bink answered in fake pigeon English.    
No you no sucky, sucky
        you fucking rail thin gook. Oh, Just stand were you are and watch.    
Slave cried for the better
      part of the next hour. She was beaten, spit on. The girls pissed in a bucket
      and pushed her head into it until she almost passed out. They called her
      boyfriend fucker, freak, nasty fucktoy. Pig would have enjoyed the abuse
      but she was in too much pain. After half an hour, Michele picked up a hammer
      from the floor and shoved it up pig's ass. Pig was left tied up, sodomized,
      and crying as the girls left. Michele turned around and picked the CD out
      of Pig's bag. She threw it on the floor and stomped on it. She did not
      understand what she had done. Pig cherished her CD's and knew Master would
      never let her buy another one. Pig cried. The women left.   
On the way out Michele
      slapped Bink and said   Get
      that fucking piece of shit out of here, your ass in on the line cunt. Unless
      you want mommy to know how her little nip cunt is a fucking cunt loving
      dyke.   
The Bink walked over
      to Pig and slowly pulled the hammer out of Pig's ass. She then pulled up
      a chair and petting Pig on the head said   My
      name is Leanne. Who are you?   
Please let me go?
        Please.   Pig
        said, still crying.    
I will, but I want
        to talk. Do you mind if we talk about your situation?   
No, no. Just get me
        untied   
My name is Leanne,
        who are you?   The
        Asian woman said smiling as she undid Pig's wrists.   
I'm Pig.   
No- what is your real
        name?   
It is Pig. I'm Pig.   
You've a Master?   
Yes. But I don't like
        this shit, Overlord never treats me like this.   
Overlord?   Leanne
      said moving to Pigs back legs.   May
      I meet him?   
To be  &frac14;   
His Pig. I have always
        had degradation fantasies. Those stupid women think that they are hurting
        me and I can't tell you how hard it is to keep my fingers out of my cunt.   
Overlord is breaking
        in a slave and you are very young.   
Yes, but I have something
        for him.   
What?   
Oh wait here I will
        go get it.   Leanne
        rushed off excitingly and brought back the camera she had set up.   I
        have the tape. I'm sure Overlord will want it.   
But?   
But, what? You don't
        know how long I have dreamed of being a slave When I saw you, I knew
        there was a man behind you. I knew any man who could get a woman to look
        this absurd must be a great Master.   
Overlord is brilliant.
        Do you want to come home with me?   
Oh! Thank you Pig!   Leanne
      said hugging her. She then said   I
      almost forgot. I got something for you.    
She reached into her
      bag and pulled out the CD she had bought.   
Pet cried and kissed
      Leanne fully on the lips. They left the room dirty and hurried back to
      Master's   
Chapter 6: Slave punishment
      # 5   
Slave rested for three
      days. If she laid completely still, the pain would dissolve. Master would
      come in and bring her soup. Slave smiled the first day, on top of her tomato
      soup was a lovely dollop of Master's cum. Slave felt happy to have Master
      near her, but sad when he left. They did not talk much, Master just checked
      the wounds and would leave.   
The forth day Master
      came in and ordered her   On
      you knees, I need to fuck my ass! Slave.   
These words sent shivers
      up through Slave's body. She could feel the wetness spill over onto her
      cunt. He once joked that he spoke to her cunt and that she was just a irrelevant
      flap of flesh that got in the way. At times like this, she felt that way.
      It was as if his voice was hardwired to her brain. Slave got up on her
      knees, and pushed her ass up in the air. This caused the welts on her back
      to burn with pain but they had healed enough not to break open.    
Well, Slave! Are you
        ready for your next punishment?   
Yes, Master.   
Tell me again, why
        are you being punished?   
Because I was a whore.
        I let 10 men use Master's cunt before coming to you Master.   
And tell me slave,
        what do you think of whores?   
Now? Master?   
What difference does
        now make? No, tell me&mdash;two years ago, what did the arrogant suburban
        bitch cunt think of whores?   
I thought I was better
        then them.   
But you are not, are
        you?   
No&mdash;Master.   
The most strung out
        crack whore in the world is better then you, do you know why slave?   
No&mdash;Master&mdash;slave
        is stupid.   
They whore out their
        own cunts. You stole from me, you stole from the tightness of your virgin
        cunt, the thrill of shaping you clean and unsoiled.   
Slave is sorry Master.   
Tell me what you are?Slave
        does not understand?   
You are a whore and
        a thief. A vial fucking nasty slut who takes my cunt and whores it out.
        My cunt wants and needs me&mdash;yet you bring it to me worn and used.   
Yes Master.   Truthfully,
      Slave got confused by her Master at times. It was odd that a man so cruel
      was so preoccupied with esoteric stuff.    
As always, Master snapped
      her back into the scene.   You
      stole the pleasure of my virgin cunt from me! Why should I not hate you!   
Please, no Master&mdash;don't
        say that. My God! Master, no.   Slave's
        mind had slipped beyond fight. She was gone now, so gone she did not
        even notice. She felt herself getting nauseous just at the thought that
        her Master could hate her. She feel to her knees and grabbed Her Master's
        leg, and begged more.   Please
        Master, please, punish me. I need to suffer. My god Master, Master. No,
        please. Anything.   
So why did you fuck
        other men.   
For my pleasure.   
Well, I think it is
        time that I get some pleasure and I am sick of you getting off with my
        cunt! Now get in position.   
Slave crawled on the
      bed, she knelt her legs wide apart. She felt Master enter her ass. He was
      hard and unforgiving. Master slowly inserted his cock. The pulled it out
      all the way. Next, he slammed it into her as if he was stabbing her with
      his cock.    
Slave was beside herself.
      She loved anal sex, or learned to love it. Master was so brutal with her.
      It was not loving but desperate fucking. She felt as if she was nothing,
      worse then nothing. For 40 years she was such a bitch, only allowing two
      men to fuck her ass and both times they had to beg and buy her something
      really nice. The way he fucked her, she was just an empty hole. She felt
      like trash, allowing herself to be violated in such an unnatural manner.
      Worse, although she loved it&mdash;she was not an anal slut. Her clit would
      grow large and tense as she was fucked but she needed to rub it to get
      off. Master made it clear that she was not to cum from his sodomy. Once
      again, she was starved for cum. Her body needed to cum but it could not.   
Master shot his cum down
      her bowel. Leaving his cock in her she felt her bowels begin to expand
      and feel warm. It took a second but slave realized Master had urinated
      directly into her. As her body cramped. Master put a plug in her.   
Slave laid in agony as
      she cramped. After Master filled her, he grabbed a inflatable plug and
      shoved it in. Then said   Two
      hours!   
Slave curled up in a
      fetal position. She felt water dripping down her thighs, she had pissed
      herself from the cramping. Then Master said,   If
      it is too much, you can take the plug out. I will get a cab and you will
      leave here no longer owned.   
Slave was crying now.
      It was as if she was tormenting herself. After what she thought was an
      eternity, she looked up and saw it had only been half an hour. Then she
      started whispering, almost chanting-   I
      am Master's slave, I am Master's slave.    
This allowed the time
      to go by a bit faster. It also secured to him deeper. Somewhere in the
      back of her mind, she knew he had betrayed her. She had told him that she
      would never suffer an enema for him. It did not matter now, all that mattered
      was that she stay.    
The two hours passed.
      Master walked in and grabbed slaves wrist. He took her to the bathroom.
      He told her to masturbate. She did furiously, after 10 minutes her cunt
      was rubbed raw and the excitement and pain was just more intense then the
      cramping in her belly. Seeing this Master ordered her to cum. As she did,
      Master let the air out of the plug and within seconds, it popped out of
      her body and she expelled all of the contents. The relief mixed with the
      intensity of her cum. Slave was not fluttering her eyes, her body shaking.
      The orgasm was too powerful to feel, it was as if all of her body had been
      imploded. She stopped cumming and leaned back. It took about 10 minutes
      for all of the water to leave her body. Master gave her a some water and
      told her to shower and clean. She would begin her next punishment immediately.   
Chapter 7: Punishment
      # 6.   
Slave came out of the
      shower. On the toilet seat was her outfit, a thick black latex cat suit.
      As she put it on, the latex seemed to merge with her flesh. Zipping up
      the color, she turned and looked at herself in the mirror. The outfit suited
      her, showing off every curve on her body. In front was a white apron. Slave
      then saw two boxes on the floor. She opened the smaller one first. It contained
      a ring gag. Slave put it in, slipping it beyond her teach and then snapped
      it tightly in the back. It came with a lock but no key. Slave snapped the
      lock and place and knew that her mouth would be held open as long as Master
      wanted.   
Next were a pair of ballerina
      stiletto heals. Slave slid her feet into them. The heal was about 10 inches
      long and the shoe came to a point. She had to walk on the tips of her toes
      or crawl. She got ready, and stood. Taking a second to balance herself,
      slave walked out and joined master in the kitchen.   
In the kitchen. Pig was
      kneeling on the table. She was covered in dog food and syrup and knelt
      in a puddle of her own piss. She was also frantically ramming a zucchini
      up her cunt. The room was a mess. All around was dry piss and food. Pig
      saw slave come in. Then looking in her eyes, pig came with ferocity. Master
      was good to Pig. Pig saw the contempt and hatred of Slave and felt like
      humiliated and degraded. This of coarse made her cum even harder.   
Slave!   Master
      said walking into the room.   Look
      at the filthy mess this fucking Pig has made. Pig did you cum? Did you
      use my cunt to cum?   
OINK, yes Overlord.
        I came like the rotting pig whore I am.   
What slut? Can you
        not control yourself?   
I can't help it, that
        fucking bitch you own made me cum.   
Master, I did..  Slave
      said, her words very garbled by the gag. As she stared to answer before
      Master's hand came crashing down on her face.    
You talk at my grace
        slave. If I have any want to her your voice, I'll let you speak. Do you
        understand?   
Yes, Master.   Slave
      answered.   
So, Pig how did this
        insolent slut tease you and make you cum.   Master
        asked pig.   
Oink Overlord, she
        came in overlord, and she looked at me and my fake boobies with such
        contempt. All I saw was hatred and disgust, Oink. You know I am a shame
        slut. Oink, well this vial bitch looked at me like I was less then shit.
        Oink, and Pig knew she was right, and I felt like such shit and with
        the zucchini in my cunt, I could not help but cum.   
Well, Slave? Did you
        look at here with disgust?   
Yes, Master.   
Why?   
Because, she is disgusting.
        Masturbating, making a mess in your kitchen, smelling of piss and dog
        food.    
Well, I see. Pig,
        you are right. Slave is a judgmental bitch. Especially since she just
        spent two hours with her ass filled with piss. Well, Pig you do need
        to be punished but since you were provoked, I think it is Slave who should
        be punished.   
A tear slid down Slave's
      cheek. It was not of submission or love but pure anger. She hated pig,
      just the idea of Master fucking pig once a year was too much. Now, she
      was going to be punished in Pig's place. It was just too much.   
Master walked up to slave
      and shoved the end of a mop head into slaves open mouth. Then Master bound
      her hands with electric tape into two tiny fists. He put a bucket in the
      middle of the floor and ordered   Clean
      slave! Do a good job, or I will let pig use your face for a week. Get to
      work!    
Slave fell over as she
      tried to kneel on the floor. Pig laughed as she and Master left the room.
      Slave wanted to kill pig, she would if she had the chance. She loved Master,
      she took pain for Master, she did anything and here was the cumming bitch
      who did nothing and Master still owned her.    
Cleaning the floor proved
      a bit harder then slave imagined. Slaves knees burned with pain on the
      hard tile floor. Still it was better then being hoisted up on her heals.
      Each time she grabbed the pain and crawled to the sink. She grab the bucket
      by putting her two fists together and then pour its contents down the drain.
      She did for the rest of the night. It was not the least bit erotic. The
      only thing that distracted her from the pain was thinking of what she would
      do when she got hold of that fat titted fuck hole. She looked at her fists
      and day dreamed about shoving her arm up to her elbow up that whore's ass.   
She ducked the mop in
      the water and then had to get her face inches off the floor to use it to
      clean. It was worst when she cleaned of the table. It took two hours, as
      she had to dump the water and refill the pail several times. The fumes
      from pigs bright yellow piss were disgusting.    
She was exhausted when
      the cleaning was done the next morning. Master came in and undid her hands
      and pulled the mop out of her mouth.   Breakfast
      slave!   Was
      all master said.    
Slave began to cook her
      Master's breakfast while he drank coffee and read the paper. Pig crawled
      in. Slave looked at her and grew madder and madder. Pig had Master's fresh
      cum drying on the side of her cheek and nose.   
When breakfast was read.
      Slave walked over and placed it before master. Master snapped his fingers
      and pointed to the ground. Slave got to her knees and sat besides Master
      like a devoted dog. Master would let slave have the crust from his toast
      or let her finish the last bit of a sausage. Slave felt happy. It had been
      a hard few days and she knew that she would be punished more. But right
      now, she was master's devoted obedient bitch and loved him more then she
      could know.   
Chapter 8: Punishment
      #7   
Master got up from the
      table and motioned to Slave to follow him. Slave began to crawl behind
      him. Master turned around and chastised her:   I
      thought you loved me, slut?   
Slave cried. A few months
      ago, such a comment would have made her mad. Slave was so far into his
      control that the thought of doing anything that expressed anything but
      love for her made her sick.   But
      I do Master! I love you. I worship you. You are my world!   
Then kiss my footsteps,
        show me that you love even the ground that I tread on.   
Slave smiled and answered:   Yes,
        Master.    
She watched as he walked,
      and with each step she found herself bending forward and her lips kissed
      the ground Master had walked on. As he walked down the hallway, slave began
      to feel his cunt swell and her clit harden. She hoped that she would be
      taken to his bedroom. She was.   
Master opened the door,
      slave's heart raced. She felt as if she were entering her place. His bedroom
      had almost a mythic aura to her. As she crawled in, kissing the floor a
      peace washed over her. It was as if her entire existence had to that point
      been a lie. In that place, she felt she was were she belonged.    
Master closed the door.
      Turned to his slave and announced.   Slave
      you still have four more punishments to go. For the last four, you may
      leave at any time. You have no code words&mdash;no safety net, you will
      either endure or fail. And despite my revulsion with your slutty dirty
      past, I've developed a slight affection toward you. Now tell me slave,
      do you think you should know what you will put at risk if you leave?   
Slave almost jumped out
      of her skin. She tried not to think he was going to make love to her or
      even just fuck her, as the disappointment would crush her. Still it was
      all she thought of. She answered:   I
      know what is at risk Master. I can't be without you. I do not care what
      I've got to do. I don't care.   
Yes, but I want to
        fuck you&mdash;brutally and hard. I want you to know again how it is
        to feel my cum enter you, I want you to understand what I can do to you.    
Yes, Master. If it
        is your wish.   
It is my wish.    
Then slave has no
        choice.   
You understand when
        we are done you will face 4 punishments, you will have no choice but
        to endure or leave.    
Slave can't leave
        Master.   
Good, now get your
        fucking slut mouth over here and make me hard.   Master
        said unzipping his pants.    
Slave crawled over and
      pulled his underwear down, she drooled looking at his cock. Master took
      his hand and slapped slave hard across the face then grabbed a fist of
      her hair and pulling her neck back he spit on her, then slapped her again
      and commanded   Lick
      my balls, like the filthy cock loving piece of shit you are.   
Slave leaned forward
      and kissed his balls, gently cupping them she put them in her mouth. The
      taste of his sweat excited her. Then master pulled her head away and dragged
      her into the bathroom. He had her kneel and lean back wards as he dangled
      his balls in her open mouth. Slaves tongue traced along the outside of
      his testicles. The taste, the smell, the feel of her Master made her cunt
      leak. He asked:   How
      nasty are you fucking slut.   
So fucking nasty,
        dirty&mdash;the dirtiest.   
What does the fucking
        whore want?   
Master, let me taste
        your piss, shit in my mouth. I love it. I'm just a fucking slut toilet.    
Masturbate and degrade
        yourself&mdash;tell me how much of a fucking whore you are and I will
        let you eat my shit and cum.   
Slave immediately fucked
      his cunt and rubbed his clit. Between moans of desperate pleasure she pleaded:   Please
      Master. I know I am shit. I'm a fucking lowlife fat titted piece of fuck
      flesh. Lower then a dog fucking lesbian. I am shit, less then shit. I've
      done nothing, nothing to deserve Master's shit, but please I want it, I
      need it. Please let me show you what a shit loving cunt I am.   
Ok, but you can not
        cum until you have swallowed my shit three times.   
Then I can cum?   
My god, you are suck
        a fucking cum needing slut. Fuck! You nasty whore. Yes&mdash;fucking
        shit eating whore can cum.   Master
        said as he straddled her face. He sat down a bit, slave lower her body
        down. Her back burned with pain but she did not care. Slave was so lost
        and ready to cum she would right there. Then with her mouth wide open
        and her fingers soaked with her own juice, a small brown piece of shit
        started to cum out of Master's ass. Slave immediate pushed her head up
        to take it. The smell was awful, she felt as if her sinus were going
        to explode. The taste was nasty and bitter, slave had to fight vomiting
        on the spot almost has she had to fight cumming. As she chewed the log,
        her Master's laugh filled her ears. Her mind exploded in anger but made
        her want to cum so much more. After a minute slave was able to push down
        one gulp of shit. Her belly tightened, this caused her clit to begin
        to vibrate on its own. Then she swallowed the second bit and the third.
        On the last one, she yelled in complete ecstacy. His cunt exploded in
        pleasure and she became light head with the intensity of it all right
        before she fainted on the bathroom floor. She woke as a stream of Master
        piss pelted her cheeks and mouth.   Keep
        it open you fucking dirty slut. Do you think I'm going to let that shit
        polluted hole suck my cock.   
Slave open her mouth.
      She coughed a few times as Master shot his stream into the back of her
      mouth but she was able to swallow most of the piss.   Get
      that shit face of yours in there!   Master
      said as he grabbed slave by the end of the hair and shoved her head in
      the toilet. He flushed it 4 times, she felt like a piece of shit, being
      dirty and having her head shoved in the toilet. At the same time, her cunt
      was burning. She had just cum but she needed to cum again. Master then
      took her dress. It was the one thing Master let her keep from her false
      life and said.   Clean
      up this mess you vial cunt then come to my bed.   
Slave showered and crawled
      over to Master's bed. When she got to the side of the bed, Master grabbed
      her hair and threw her down. In one motion he pushed her knees apart. She
      felt a burning in her groin but also felt her cunt pulse in anticipation.
      Then Master stopped and rubbed his cock over his naked spread cunt&mdash;  Beg
      for it you whore!   
Please, Oh God Master!
        Please fuck me, fuck me hard, use me. Fuck this fucking nasty slut. I
        need to cum Master!   
With that Master slid
      his hard cock into her. He felt her cunt grab him. Slave felt the head
      of Master's cock rub up against her g-spot. Then Master began to fuck his
      slave hard. He pushed his cock in her with the full weight of his body.
      It punched her cunt, slave groaned in pleasure. Then he sat back on his
      knees and taking slave's ankles lifted her up. Holding her pelvis an inch
      or tow of the bed, he continued his assault. Each thrust caused slave to
      tighten and wetten more. She felt as if she had a thunderstorm in her pelvis.
      He fucked her with fury. Spitting on his slave, slapping her tits. Then
      after 20 minutes, Master yelled at his slave-   Cum
      now, Cum for your master- you nasty fuck cunt.   
This threw slave into
      a dizzying orgasm. Once again, it was so intense it would hardly be called
      pleasurable. Her body shook. She arched her head back and her fists pounded
      the bed as she screamed in absolute joy. Her shaking body caused Master
      to cum deep into her cunt. Feeling this slave came again. The feeling was
      like being in an earthquake. The first orgasm startled and shook her. The
      second caused her to twitch like a deed fish.   
Master stepped back.   Praise
        me.   
Whispering, her voice
      cracking from yelling so loud slave answered:   Oh
      Master, my god Master! Oh fuck. Shit. I can't, fuck fuck fuck. There are
      no words&mdash;none&mdash;fuck. Oh shit what the fuck did I just do.   
I think you came?   
Oh God Master! That,
        that was almost punishment. Fuck.   
I have to go for a
        few hours. Pig will prepare you for the evening's punishment. You will
        service pig.   
With those words, slaves
      pleasure imploded. She went from heaven to hell with four small words.
      Slave cried, she did not argue&mdash;she knew it would be.   
Do you want me to
        motivate you.   
You can't!   Slave
      answered.   
Oh, I can! See, it
        will be ultimately up to Pig if you stay.   
What? No! I thought
        you owned her.   
I do! But I am a one-woman
        man. I can't possible take care of your and Pig's whorish need for domination.
        If I take you she has to leave.   
But I fucking hate
        her. I'd fucking kill that whore!   
I know.    
I am not a fucking
        lesbian!   
I know.Then why? Why?   
Because, if you are
        to be my slave&mdash;it is absolute. It is forever! You will never be
        able to be free of me. If I sell you or let you go, I could show up in
        10 years and sodomize you. You'll have no rights and no hope. And besides
        you need me to own you.   
But you are the Master?
        How can you let a fucking slut like that tell you what to do?   
What! You arrogant
        whore!   
Master?   
Do you think that
        used collection of fucking soiled holes you pass off as fuck holes merits
        my attention or my consideration?   
No, Master&mdash;it
        doesn't.   
You have the fucking
        chance to be what you were born to be slut. The price is high&mdash;but
        we both know you can't live with out me.    
But Master, I know
        myself. I might hurt her. I'd fucking kill that bitch.   
You do, and you will
        leave.   
But Master!   
No more! It is said.
        Now, get you fucking ass out of my bed until you have earned the right&mdash;fucking
        slut.   
Slave fell to the floor,
      curled in an embryonic position and cried.    
Now get out of my
        sight, You arrogant cunt! How dare you think anything is too much to
        do to be my slave.   
Slave crawled out of
      the room. As soon as she got out, she ran to the bathroom. She knelt, vomited
      and cried for an hour.    
*   
Master knocked on the
      door. Slave answered   Yes,
      Master?   
Get your ass out here
        now, it is time.   
I'll do it but I won't
        like it.   
That is the whole
        point&mdash;you stupid slut.   Master
        said walking into the bathroom. He held a garment bag in his arm and
        was dressed.   Kneel
        and give me your right hand.   
Slave knelt, and she
      put her right hand out. Master took it and turned it into a fist. Then
      he took out some electric tape and began to twirl it around her fingers.
      Slave's hand was compressed into a small ball. He then took a think piece
      of rubber and slit it down her bound fist. Her forearm disappeared in the
      pink rubber. Then he commanded slave to stand. Hatred and fear boxed in
      her mind. She knew what she was going to do&mdash;she knew she was going
      to hate it&mdash;she knew she could walk away. She knew she would.   
Master then dressed slave
      in her domme outfit. It was a single piece of black latex. Master slit
      it up her body and zipped it. It felt as all of slaves flesh was being
      compressed into her body. Master put a collar on her neck and led her out
      to the play room. Straw was thrown over the floor. The only furniture a
      box with the word Pig stenciled over the side. Master made slave stand
      in the center of the room and walked over and lifted the one of the side
      walls. He pulled it up and slave saw pig sitting inside. Slave was disgusted.   
Pig was painted with
      bright pink pain. She wore a pig snot. She had a huge plastic apple in
      her mouth, it was strapped to the back of her head as a ball gag. Her own
      hands had been taped into balls but then put into hooves. Pig's legs were
      tied together so her ankles were pushed into her ass cheeks. Her knees
      had pads, at the bottom of each were two addition hooves.   Out
      Pig, Bitchwhore is upset with you. Go over there and submit to here.   
Master! Please?   Slave
      begged as Pig rushed forward to her. The odd inhuman gate disgusted Slave.    
Pig got up and knelt
      in front of slave. When she did, Slave looked down and pigs tits had grown
      to the size of basketballs. Pig's erect nipples leaked milk over the front
      of her tits.   
Pig here actually,
        for one time in her useless slutty existence did something right. She
        procured me a new fuck cunt.   Slave's
        mind exploded in anger. She hated sharing Master with any other woman
        and she had suffered so much and now another fucking whore was going
        to get to serve Master.   So
        normally, Pig would not be allowed to cum, but since the slave she got
        for me is so very pretty&mdash;Pig can cum at will. Now slave&mdash;use
        that fucking dildo forearm of yours to sodomize this piece of fuck flesh.   
Before she moved, Slave
      spit right on pigs face. The spit splattered over Pig's right cheek. Pig
      moaned under here gag. Pig was lost in the contempt and hatred that she
      saw in Slave. Overlord was the best at degrading her and treating her like
      utter shit but Overlord did not hate her. While the source of his wonderful
      degradation&mdash;Master was so creative and cared enough to find knew
      ways to destroy any self esteem Pig had left. Still, Pig lusted to be abused
      out of hatred. Here fuck hole swelled and dampened as she looked right
      into Slave's eyes. She was going to be fucked by a woman who had more affection
      for a piece of dog shit that stuck to her heal. Slave in turn saw how turned
      on Pig had gotten.   
You worthless whore!
        How dare you fuck Master! You fucking piece of shit. I love Master! I
        took the bull whipping for my Master, to show him my love. You don't!
        You selfish cunt! If you loved Master, you too would please him&mdash;you
        selfish piece of pig shit. Fucking whore.   With
        that, Slave kicked pig who fell over to her side. Pig just oink.   
Slave went to push her
      forearm up pig's ass dry, when she was stopped by the feel of a cat of
      nine tails over here back. Her back curled in pain and her Master's cunt
      got wet.   Lube
      it up whore! Oh, and if Pig does not cum hard from your fucking and sucking,
      I am going to let Pig loose on your fucking whored out ass.   
Slaved crawled over to
      a jar of lube and shoved her fist into it. With her other hand she coated
      her forearm with a thick layer of the jelly. She then went over to Pig,
      thinking that it the sooner she got this over with the better.   
Pig laid on her side.
      Oinking, she got her ass as open as she could. She oinked louder as slave
      pushed her fist past Pig's ass. At about 5 inches she felt pigs colon turn
      and then smiled. She started punching pig. Her eye's glazed over in a fury
      of pure hate. Pig swooned. The feel of Pigs innards in spasm around her
      fist as Pig came revolted slave. At least it was over, Slave thought.   
Don't stop just because
        this shitbag whore has cummed. Fucking slut can cum with anything. Fuck
        her for 15 minutes and rub that clit.   Master
        yelled.   
Slave felt her belly
      tense as she rubbed Pigs clit. Pigs naked cunt felt like it was stuffed
      with cottage cheese and her wetness felt like loose snot. It was all slave
      could do not to vomit over the stuffed whore. Finally, after about 3 cums
      in ten minutes, Pig lost control over her bladder and a stream of deep
      yellow urine poured on the floor and onto Slave's hand. Slave lost control
      over her belly and vomited right on Pig's side. This was bliss for pig&mdash;to
      be physically covered in the manifestation of disgusted. She fluttered
      her eyes and came so hard she passed out.    
Slave yanked her arm
      out of pigs ass. Pig shook a bit. Then as if there was a spring in the
      floor slave sprung backwards and cried. She laid still. Master walked over.   Please
      Master, Please knock me out! Please, I love you but I'm so disgusted, please
      please mercy Master.   
Master took out a mask
      with either on it and put it over Slave's mouth. Slave passed out.    
She woke up the next
      day, she was bond down to a soft mattress. Master spoke:   I
      know this is hard, slave. But what you ask for is very hard.   
Master, I didn't ask
        for this.   
No Slave, you asked
        for my dedication to you.    
Oh Master! Yes, Master.   
Three more torments
        and you will have it.   
Chapter 9: Punishment
      #7   
Slave crawled into the
      kitchen to make breakfast. She cooked her Master's breakfast and then made
      a bowl of slop for herself. The day before Slave was given her diet for
      the foreseeable future: slop for breakfast, dog food for lunch and whatever
      scraps and crumbs Master discarded onto the floor. The slop was a combination
      of oatmeal and yogurt. First she undercooked it, so it was kind of like
      plaster. Then she put it in the blender and pureed it until it was nothing
      but a thick mass of tasteless nothing. It started the night before. Master
      brought home fried chicken. As he was eating he took a spoon and threw
      the mashed potatoes into a splat on the floor. As slave licked them off
      the floor, Master finished and let the bones and scrap fall on slave's
      bald head. He left slave for the evening.    
On the floor, all slave
      could feel was absence. She was forgetting even that it was bizarre for
      her to need to be in his presence. When he left he took the most important
      part of her with him. Slave cleaned and crawled back into her room.    
To show her status above
      pig, Slave was given a room on the first floor. It was actually converted
      from a walk in closet. It was 5 feet long and 3 feet wide. The carpeting
      was far softer then the damp concrete Pig had to sleep on.    
Slave only saw Pig now
      a few times a day. Pig had to get up at 6am to go off and clean toilets
      at service stations. Most of the time, the toilets were filthy and disgusting.
      Worst was when there was a toilet that was backed up with shit and toilet
      paper. The only way pig could get it out would be to reach down to her
      elbow and pull the shit out with her hands. Pig wore thick yellow latex
      gloves. Having been shit on by many lovers and strangers, Pig did not find
      the job that repulsive. But do to the size of her huge tits she had to
      stand up, or she could not reach into the bowl far enough. As always, Pig
      had her pepper spray. She only had to use it three or four times. At night
      she would get home. There would be a hand brush, sponge and pail waiting
      for her. It was her domestic job to clean at least one floor in the house.
      The bathrooms were the easiest because they were smaller. The largest room
      was the kitchen. Slave usually got home at 6pm and would begin scrubbing
      the kitchen's floor. Around 1am she was finished, she would go down to
      her sty and fall asleep.    
That morning slave waited
      as always for Master to come in. Kneeling like a good bitch, not touching
      her food until Master gave his consent. This usually took the form of his
      snapping his fingers. This morning Master came down sat in his chair and
      said to Slave:   Give
      me your bowl, Slave!.   
Slave did. Master took
      it and poured a clear liquid in it. Stirred it up and gave the bowl back
      to Slave.   Eat
      fast cunt!   
Slave ate fast normally,
      the soon she got all of the wretched swill in her belly the sooner the
      taste left her mouth. Just as she got the last mouthful down. She felt
      her belly begin to churn and cramp. It felt like there were two Rats fighting
      inside of her. Slave rushed to the bathroom and vomited her entire breakfast
      down the toilet. She flushed and looked at it. She was starved and needed
      food bad, now it would be 5 hours until lunch.   
Slave crawled back and
      knelt by Master.   
Did you get sick Slave.   
Yes, Master! It was
        awful.   
Master took a large wooden-spoon
      and broke it over Slave's shoulders. She gasped in pain and listened.   What
      have I been doing to you Slave?   
Punishing me and training
        me to be a good piece of fuck meat Master.   
Right! And have I
        not taken away more of your autonomy then you could have imagined.   
Yes, Master, Slave
        needs Master.   
The vomiting is part
        of your seventh punishment You are being punished for thinking you were
        before you met me. Do you want to need me more Slave.   
The thought terrified
      slave. How much more could she need him. She has been whipped, pissed on
      by another woman and sodomized just in fear of losing Master. There was
      nothing she would not do just to stay with him to be his. She did not know
      how Master could make her need him more but all she answered was   Yes,
      Master, you Slave wants to need you more.   
Good, then in a few
        days I will tell you what I am doing to you, after you are more mine.   
Yes, Master- please
        punish Slave for being arrogant. Slave is stupid Master.   
That reminds me, you
        need to come into the living room, your eight punishment is about to
        begin.   
Yes Master, slave
        said crawling into the living room.   
Master called Pig's supervisor
      and told him Pig would be out sick today. He then took two viagra, and
      some nitrogen, and two sedatives and walked out to the living room.   
Slave was horrified when
      she walked into the living room. There was Pig and Leanne standing. Each
      had five leashes in their hands. Slave did not recognize Leanne. She looked
      stunning wearing a tight black leather jump suite. This showed off every
      sinnue of her body. Behind them were 10 women. Nine were in their early
      twenties and had tight bodies. The other one was in her seventies and her
      tits sagged to like pancakes.   
Slave knew she was going
      to have to be punished in front of these strangers. They all looked at
      her with contempt and hatred. She could not have been more wrong.    
The women were the pledge
      class of the Phi-Rho Sorority. Slave did not know, but the sorority had
      publicly raped pig. Leaving her with a hammer sticking out of her ass.
      What they did not know was their Dink, an exchange student who the pledges
      got to degrade and abused, had been a plant. She had planted a camera at
      the scene of the rape and every second was downloaded onto Master's hard
      drive. Leanne had been under Master's spell for about two years. She talked
      with him on line and promised to save her virginity for him if he would
      enslave her. He let her read his Slave's reports and after a time showed
      her photos of what he did to slaves. She studied hard to get to come to
      the states, to go to the local college and Master knew that the Phi-Rho's
      would take her as a dink. Well all the Phi-Rho's were pretty, she was stunning.
      Her skin glistened like pearls. Her jet black hair was thick and straight.
      Her body was lean, long and curvy. She was just the kind of woman the Phi-Rhos
      loved to abuse. She was sublimely beautiful and poor.   
Yesterday, Leanne sent
      stills from the rape to every member of the pledge class. With instructions
      to meet at the sorority house at 5 AM. The sorority had raped pig before.
      The last three members to rape her were serving 40 years on sexual assault
      charges at the states highest security woman's prison. Images of shower
      rapes and being some woman's bitch flew threw the pledges' minds and they
      all were down in the basement, waiting.   
That morning Pig and
      Leanne went to collect the class as well as Ms. Jane Hunt.   
Master walked into the
      room. He was wearing a black leather mask. His cock was already visibly
      bulging in his pants. He looked over at the 10 women and said.:   Well,
      you think you can Rape my property and get away with it? Turn to the TV,
      I want you to watch what happens to bitches that go around raping my slaves!   
Master turned on the
      TV. A huge white woman filled the screen. She was in her 40's and was about
      400 pounds. She smiled as she held her belly up so that a brown haired
      woman could get her head in below. She was busy eating out the heavy woman's
      cunt.   Hi
      Ya'll.   The
      large woman said   Just
      want to show you what happened to the all you pretty little Phi-Rhos up
      here. This head of brown hair down here was just an out right bitch when
      she first came in, so snotty and arrogant and all. She acted like she was
      better then me, dang I just sold a little crack is all, I don't need no
      raping cunt coping some kind of attitude. But that's is passed. This is
      now. Little brat decided she needed a Mommy to protect her, aint that right,
      Jenny?   
The ten women gasped
      as the head turned around and faced the camera. It was Jennifer, the ex-sorority
      president. She looked healthy, except for the shine of girl goo and sweat
      on her face.   That's
      right Mommy. Mommy is good to me. I'm her lesbian bitch whore and she lets
      me stay pretty. She protects me. I am so happy with Mommy, I couldn't stand
      it if what happened to Alison happened to me.   
The video flickered to
      a picture of Alison. Alison had the worst time. A few months after she
      was incarcerated, her father&mdash;one of the state's most successful ADA's
      had plead guilty to fixing cases in exchange for sexual favors. As part
      of the plea, he was to give up his case load. Included were four murderers,
      a crack dealer, and two whores all of whom he sodomized in exchange for
      a get out of jail card. Of the seven women, five had ended up on the same
      cell block as Alison. As soon as they found out who she was, she instantly
      became their bitch. Unlike Jennifer, who was lucky and smart enough to
      interview with a wide assortment of Husbands, Alison was taken. Of the
      Her head was shaved into a Mohawk cut. She was pale and covered in tattoos.
      The worst was a tattoo on her upper lip, Lady's labia cleaner. She was
      pierced through the nose, lower mouth, and cheeks. She was kneeling on
      the ground before three black woman who.   Pig,
      I'm so sorry!   The
      image said flickering on the screen as Alison cried. She then continued:   Please,
      Pig, please forgive me? I did not know how wrong what I was doing was.    
Shut the fuck up cuntlapper!
        You best be pleasing us if you want to make it to 25.   Yelled
        one of the black women behind her.   
The last image was Amy.
      Amy had hooked up early on with a klan of white supremacists. Her face
      was beat up and she had a few teeth missing. She cursed like a sailor and
      talked about how prison was hard on the weak like her spoiled little sorority
      sisters but she was strong. She hacked a bit, put out her cigarette and
      the image disappeared.   
Master looked at the
      10 women. They were all dazed and in fear. Then he said   Here
      is the deal ladies. My slave here is being punished, for committing adultery
      with 10 men. I am going to watch the video Little Girl has secured for
      me and allow you the choice. An afternoon of punishment with me or take
      your chances with the prison system. First, Pig Little girl&mdash;secure
      the slave.   
Pig and Little Girl put
      the ends of the leases through a metal bar and locked it in place. Then
      they took slave and put her on a cross. Slave was crying, she had been
      so possessive of her Master. Not only was he going to fuck 10 women he
      was going to make her watch. She stood crying, knowing not to beg as Master
      would just ball gag her.   
Master played the video.
      All of the women in it at some point had slapped, pinched or spit on Pig.
      They all knew what would happen to them in prison and all said that they
      would allow Master to fuck them in exchange for his silence. Ms. Hunt shook
      as she signed away her rights. Then Master got up and said   I'm
      no rapist you fucking cunts. You may go now, and no one need see any of
      this tape.    
The ten women were taken
      aback. All except Michele and Ms. Hunt. Master saw a visceral rage in both
      these women. He knew that neither would rest until they saw him dead or
      worse. He had scene the look in Ms. Hunt's eyes before and he could see
      the same hatred in Michele's.   
Before you go, two
        things. You are all to go to the homeless shelter and donate $10,000.00
        and 500 hours of community service, second&mdash;you are to ask Pig to
        forgive you.   
The woman crawled before
      pig and each asked for forgiveness. Pig answered each with   It
      is Master's will.   
Ms. Hunt could not do
      it. She walked to pig and spit on her then looked toward Master and said   Rape
      me if you want! I'm talking to a dead man!   
Ms. Hunt, Ms. Hunt,
        Ms Hunt. I was hoping you would say that.   Master
        said.   See,
        women Ms. Hunt and I have a history.   Master
        turned on the TV again.   
The video was a digital
      super eight film. In between the cracking was an image of a young Ms. Hunt.
      She was in a Manson, surrounded by servants.   You
      see girls, the Ms. Hunt that you know was actually known as the Barbress
      of Cambodia. She and her husband owned a plantation and both hand an appetite
      for torturing young women.    
Well, after the revolution&mdash;she
        fled to the States, assumed an identity and made lots of money seducing
        rich men, who died in very convenient ways. Still affluence was not enough
        for this fucking cunt. You will find that she has been videotaping you
        pledge ceremonies for the last 40 years.   
No! No! Don't listen
        to him!   Ms.
        Hunt yelled.   
I know about cunt
        pool, the switch, tits spike it all.    
Who told you!   Michele
      yelled   
No one told me, you
        stupid cunt. Look.   Master
        put in another video and it was of Michele drinking piss while her tits
        were being whipped. One of rights of passage in the sorority.   You
        can get one for a handful or Euro's on the German black market. I wondered
        if any of daddy's colleges have scene this.   
Michele went into a rage.
      She did not understand all the innuendo that flew around when her father
      had the president of the German division of his software company over for
      dinner. She realized that old fart had been masturbating to her degradation.
      She looked at Ms. Hunt in anger and said   You
      nasty saggy titted whore! You are dead!   
Now, now girls!   Master
      said taunting.   Let
      me explain something, see Ms. Hunt here has a price on her head. She was
      sentenced in absentia to 100 strokes of the cane and life hard labor. You
      will find all the documentation you need on your computers when you get
      home. Right now, it is your little secret. Do with it what you want, just
      leave me out.    
And your point?   Michele
      said.   
My point is, that
        from this point forth&mdash;Ms. Hunt is your bitch and she knows it.
        Be very careful however if she gets the chance, she will kill each and
        everyone of you. I think you should do what I did. Get a safe deposit
        box out of state. Put all the documentation in it. Then write up a will
        and send it to about 100 relatives with the understanding that the contents
        of the box are to become public if you are to die suddenly.   
You got rid of her,
        but you still have me to deal with.   Michele
        cursed.   
I know. It will make
        life interesting having you out there plotting. I will have to be very
        careful.   
The women left the room.
      Master turned to his hanged slave, pig and little girl and said.   I
      need to get my cock sucked. Slave do you want to taste the cum of your
      Master.   
Please! Master, Please.   
Little Girl get over
        here now.   Slave
        watched with simmering envy as the tiny oriental woman glided over to
        Master.   Serve
        my little girl first!   
No, I'm not Gay!   
Master slapped slaves
      face and said:   You
      will be whatever the fuck I tell you to be.   
No! Punish me, beat
        me.   
No, Slave you do not
        set the rules.   
Little girl, get down
        here and please your Master.    
Slave mind felt like
      a funnel of rage and hurt. The oriental woman walked over, and then gracefully
      got to her knees. She took out Master's cock and began to kiss it and waken
      it. She stroked it and never took her eyes off of Slave. Here head bobbed
      up and down, Master grabbed her by the hair and shot cum into the little
      girl's closed mouth.   Pig
      get over here.    
Pig crawled over and
      put her head at Master's feet and snorted.   Little
      girl, let pig have a taste.    
Pig leaned back and Little
      girl dripped cum into pig's gaping mouth.   
Master looked over at
      slave and ordered:   How
      does slave feel?   
Like I fucking hate
        you. I love you Master, beat me and let me show you how much.   
You call that love
        you selfish masochistic whore. Did you just see what happened?   
Yes, you fucked that
        Asian slut!   
See&mdash;you are
        such a self centered bitch!   
Master?   
I just got pleasure!
        It pleased me!   
That was obvious Master.   
So you don't give
        a fuck about my pleasure all you care about is your sick masochism you
        filthy cunt.   
Its so hard Master,
        I love you. I love you. I love you.   
Wire the cunt up!
        I am sick of this shit. Fucking slut is going to be broken. Pig, Little
        girl get over here.   
Pig crawled and snorted
      then kissing her Overlord's foot begged   Please,
      please Overlord mercy, OINK!. Put Pig up! Pig doesn't want to see Slave
      in agony or here her screams! Oink.   
Ok, Pig. Go get you
        CD player and 5 CD's.   
Thank you Overlord!
        OINK OINK OINK!   Pig
        quickly crawled off downstairs and came back with her CD player, a set
        of headphones and CDs.   
Did Pig piss and shit!   
Yes, Overlord, Oink!
        Pig is ready.   
Slave watched as pig
      crawled over to a small steamer trunk. She undid the lid, and stood in
      it. Pig placed her CD player on the floor and sat down in the trunk. She
      then scooted her ass over to the edge. Slave watched as all she saw was
      the tip of Pig's nipples Pig folded her legs on her self. Master came by
      and handed Pig her CD player and CD's.   Thank
      You! Merciful Overlord! Thank you!   Were
      the last words Pig said as the trunk lid was shut. Master turned and looked
      at little Girl.    
Strip, and get on
        the floor ankles behind your head.   
Slave watched as Little
      girl stripped out of her clothes. She was so tiny but still had wide hips
      and a her A cup breasts were almost like small little cones. Her nipples
      stood out. Then little girl amazed pig by taking each leg and putting them
      behind her shoulders. In this position, Little Girl looked like nothing
      more then a pulled open cunt and ass ready to be fucked. Master ordered
      her to roll over. Little Girl did. Then he tied her arms in a reverse prayer
      position. Her palms laid flat against each other. Master roped her hands
      in place. He then took a thick belt and wrapped it around Little Girl's
      legs and Torso and rolled her back on her back. He looked at Slave and
      said   Little
      Girl is lucky, she was born with amazingly elastic joints. Since our Meeting
      on line, Little Girl has exercised every morning to be the perfect pliable
      fuck toy. Tell her little girl, Are you in pain?   
No, Master.   
I wish the same could
        be said for you Slave. You are about to know what true total pain is
        and you will break and become a Lesbian slut.   
I don't want to be
        a Lesbian slut.   Slave
        said crying.   
The door is that way?   
No.   
Ask me?   
Crying Slave said   Please
        break me Master.   
Master walked up to her
      and stuck her arm with a needle. It was a powerful muscle relaxant. As
      soon as he put it in her arm, Slave's body felt like jelly. When Master
      undid the straps, Slave fell to the floor in a heap.    
Slave cried. She tried
      with all her efforts to move but the drug was too powerful. Her arms and
      legs were useless.   
Master then began setting
      his bondage piece in place. First, Little Girl had cuffs placed on her
      feet. They were attached to a spreader bar. Master pushed a button and
      Little Girl rose three feet off the ground.    
Master went to work on
      Slave. First he put a collar on her that had two ring hooks to each side.
      Next, he rolled her over and put her arms in a single latex sleeve. As
      he laced the sleeve tight, Slave felt her elbows touching but did not feel
      any pain. It was surreal. Next he fitted put a strap over here chest above
      her tits. He pulled the two ends, each with hooks between her pinned arms.
      It felt innocuous to Slave until she felt Master put two heavy belts on
      her upper thighs. He first laid slave on one side. He pulled the straps
      at once. Slaves back was being folded backwards. With her elbows centered
      over her ass cheeks, Master locked the Slave in place.   
Master rolled out a cart
      and lifted slave onto her arced back. He rolled the cart under Little Girl.
      Slave was now positioned right under the woman's shaved cunt. The smell
      of her excitement repulsed slave. She knew she was going to be in pain
      when the drug wore off, but felt as comfortable as a woman who is going
      to be tortured could feel. Even when Master put the O-ring gag in her mouth,
      forcing it open&mdash;slave had yet to grasp the horror she was about to
      go through.   
It was when Master took
      to hard plastic straws, each with a gasket at the end and inserted them
      in Slave's nostrils that she had an epiphany of fear. The only thing keeping
      her down was the drug, Slave was not ready for what was next, and Master
      knew it.   
Master took two pieces
      of rope and tied them off on either hook on slave's collar. Then he tied
      each of the ropes tightly around little girl's things. He pulled tight
      enough so that slaves mouth was centered right on the other's slave's erect
      clit. She tried to keep her tongue down off the nasty wet hard flesh.    
Next master pushed a
      button and two steal cables came down from the ceiling. The first one was
      attached to a belt that went around slave's back. The other cable was attached
      to the end of the single sleeve that slave was wearing. Master pressed
      the button and lifted Slave's body off the table. The last step was for
      master to tie each of slaves legs so that they were folded tightly. Her
      left leg was then tied to a rope, the rope was pulled tightly and tied
      off at an eye bold on the floor a few feet behind Little girl. The right
      leg was pulled out so that it was pointed right to the ceiling. Slave was
      put in a full split, her back arched, and her face in a woman's cunt.   
Master walked in with
      an IV. He inserted the end into a vain in Slave's elbow. It came with an
      automatic feeder. Master gave the feeder to Little Girl and explained the
      rules.   Slave
      here is going to eat you out until you Cum 10 times. One for every man
      she adulterated my body with. What slave does not know, is the drug    
You haven't broke
        me yet!   Slave
        said.   
We will see.   Master
      said whispering to Little girl as he left the room.   
About 15 minutes later,
      the drug began to wear off. Slave felt as if her body was on fire. The
      pain kept on getting more and more intense. After 5 minutes she was blind
      with the feeling of her joints being stretched almost to their braking
      point. Hysterical, she begged Little Girl.   Please!
      PLEASE! MERCY FUCK!   
Eat me out!   Little
      girl said, crying. Master had told her that slave was only to get a does
      of the drug after little girl had cum. He told her he would be watching
      and would let her go if she faced it at all.   
Broken, slave rammed
      her tongue into slave's hole. Little girl moaned a bit but did not cum
      until Slave had pressed her tongue right into Little Girl's clit. As she
      came, her cum seeped into slaves mouth. Little Girl pressed the button
      several times but only a single drop came out.   
It is a safety.   Master
      said. Too much and your heart would go out.   That
      is one cum, Little girl has 9 more.   
Slave cried. The drug
      was such a powerful high. All the pain ending in an instant. She did not
      think to start licking until the next waive of pain hit her. Little girl
      came a lot faster and Slave kept on licking. For the next 6 hours, Slave
      avoided any more pain. But her throat was dry from all of Little Girls
      wetness.   
Master came in for the
      tenth and last cum. He looked at Little Girl, who by now was in a lot of
      pain herself and said.   This
      time wait till I let you cum.   
Yes, Master.   Little
      girl answered.    
Master let the pain build.
      Slave was working hard on Little Girl's clit. Little Girl grimaced trying
      not to cum. She had not been trained as fully as Slave and had to work
      hard not to cum. Master walked up to Slave and pushed a finger up her wet
      cunt.   It
      is your turn to cum slave.   Master
      said as he played with his clit and cunt.   You
      can cum swallowing the piss of this Little Girl. Now Piss and cum little
      Girl.   
At his order Little Girl
      came very hard, releasing a stream of bright gold urine into Slave's mouth.
      In seconds Slaves body tensed as she came very hard. This caused the pain
      in her to multiply.    
Master slowly let the
      exhausted women down to the floor. Little girl was awake but could not
      move she was so exhausted. Slave was totally out. He unbound the two opened
      up the case and let pig out. Stating   Clean
      up this mess and get me dinner.   
Oink, yes Overlord!    
Slave woke up the next
      day. She was sitting up in bed. Her head was held up by a surgical collar,
      her jaw sitting in a small plastic shelf. She looked down and she was strapped
      sitting down. Her arms and legs were unbound but Slave hardly had the energy
      to move them. Pig was standing in front of her and she asked   What
      punishment is this?   
It is not punishment.
        You were in a very unnatural position for a long time. Overlord ordered
        a day of traction. Just so your spin readies itself.   
Little Girl walked in.
      She was wearing a skin tight shear black dress.   You
      were very good to me yesterday. Why is Master so mean to you?   
I was an arrogant
        whore cunt slut. I refused an order from Master.   
He says that you only
        have two more punishments left but they are going to be severe. Will
        you do them?   
I've have no choice.
        I'm Master's now, I can't live without him.   
I know!   Little
      Girl said   I
      can't leave either.   
Neither can I.   Pig
      answered.    
The three women were
      silent. Pig feed slave some soup with a fresh dollop of her Master's cum
      sitting on top.   
Chapter 9: Punishment
      8 continues, Punishment #9   
The day in traction felt
      good to Slave. In the morning, she felt if the brace had been removed she
      would have fallen in the bed. By the end of the day her back had tightened
      up a bit and went back into place. It was hard to sleep sitting up, made
      harder by thinking of the two women she was going to share Master with.
      Her mind wrapped itself in a paradox. If Master had told her he would fuck
      other women, she would not have submitted to him. Yet she was too far gone
      to fight his will. She knew she could not live like he was planning. She
      knew she could not live without Master. Around midnight, she began to hope
      that Master would break her totally, so that she could accept his philandering.   
The next morning pig
      came in. She was dressed for work. Wearing low riding jeans, as she turned
      around the top of her ass crack was visible, and a tight blue shirt. Pig
      let slave down and helped her into her shoes. Master had picked out a pair
      of 8 inch stiletto heals. They wore painful and slave had to stand strait
      as not to fall forward or back on her precarious balance.    
Slave's clothes for the
      day were set out on the table. A thick cotton shirt was all she was allowed
      to wear. Then she walked up to eat her breakfast with Master and his Little
      Girl.    
She walked into the kitchen
      to see a sight she feared. Little girl was on the table. Her legs spread
      wide. Her back was arched as she had her shoulders resting on the table.
      Her hands reached back and pulled open her ass and cunt for slave to see.
      Slave saw Master's cum dripping out of both her holes. On her cheeks were
      written "Unvirgin holes, fucked and owned by Master."    
Little girl heard slave
      come in and said   Master
      fucked me last night and let me be his slave. See!   She
      pointed to her thigh.   
Slave cried. It was her
      only protest, she just calmly walked and made her slot and put it at the
      floor by Master's feet. She had never hated him as much as she did now.
      She was glad Master was silent, not knowing if she could hold her temper
      at his taking another slave. She just knelt and went to eat her slop.   
As she moved her head
      down, Master grabbed her fore head and poured more of the liquid in the
      vial into slaves food. She ate it fast and in a few second felt her belly
      explode. She crawled, as it was faster then walking to the bathroom and
      vomited violently. She walked back in and knelt at Master's feet.   
Thank Little Slave!
        She gave your Master pleasure with clean holes last night.   
Starving and dazed Slave
      muttered   Thank
      you little slave, Master was please with your tight holes.   Slave
      then cried for the next half hour as Master ate.   
After breakfast, Master
      said to slave   You
      may eat my cum now Slave, I know you are hungry.   
Slave got up and walked
      around little slave. Part of her wanted to fist her tight little holes
      until they burst, but her anger was nothing compared to her submission.
      As she licked and tasted her Master's cum, Slave had a slight epiphany.
      No emotion she will ever feel again will be as equal to her love and submission
      to Master. In addition, she was able to keep his cum down, although it
      was mixed with the taste of Little Slave, Slave was able to hold it in
      her belly.    
Well girls, Slave
        only has two more punishments to go.   
But, Master?   Slave
      asked.   
Yes, Slave?   
I counted Seven. What
        was the eighth?   
You are suffering
        it now, it is less a punishment then a gift.   
What? Master?   
For the next month,
        you will eat only two things. Food covered in the liquid that induces
        vomiting or covered in my cum.   
Slave loves Master's
        cum.   
Yes, I know Slave,
        but you do not understand.   
What Master?   
You are being trained,
        after one month, you will be unable to eat anything that is not covered
        in my cum. You will be totally dependant on me. I have made arrangements
        in my will to have you taken care of if I should die before you, but
        until then you not only will not have the right to eat, you will latterly
        not have the ability to eat unless what you are given has my cum on it.   
Slave cried, it was a
      gift, she thought. Slave had gotten seduced not by the pain or the hard
      cumming but by how Master seemed to so casually take over her life. Slave
      wanted to be dependant on her Master. She answered   Thank
      you Master.   
Come on then, it is
        time for your last punishment. Are you ready slave.   
Yes Master.   
Come with me Slave.
        Little slave go to the bedroom and wait on me. And clean up my holes.   
Yes, Master.   Little
      Slave said rushing out of the room.   
Follow me Slave.   Master
      said. He walked to the back of the house. There was a tiny room. It was
      the antithesis to a dungeon. It was decorated in baby blue wall paper.
      The bed was soft and filled covered with a down comforter. On it were silken
      sheets. Off to the side was a complete bathroom. It had all of the standard
      amenities. The only odd thing was the wig of reddish hair cut into a bob
      that sat on a Styrofoam stand by the sink. In one corner was an overstuff
      chair. All of the windows were covered with flower printed drapes and the
      sun flowed onto the plush pile carpeting. The room smelled of freshly cut
      flowers. Laid out on the bed were sweats and a long flannel night shirt.
      On the floor were a pair of slippers. Slave looked for the torture device.
      She wondered if there was a cage there that she would have to live in.
      There was nothing. Only two things stood out. There was a set of drapes
      on one of the interior walls, like there should have been a window there
      but they were closed. There was also a two packed suite cases and a briefcase
      by the door.   
Slave looked around,
      it was so nice and cozy, so non threatening.   What
      is my punishment Master?   She
      asked apprehensively.   
You will suffer any
        torment for me?   
Yes Master! I need
        to please you. Whip me, shit on me, piss on me, even make me eat out
        pig and Little Slave, I don't care.   
Even emotional Torment?   
I don't want to, Master.   
I know you don't want
        to, but you are a manipulative bitch are you not?   
No, I was. I'm not
        now.   
You know what I want
        Slave?   
What Master.I want
        you broken.   
I am Master. I'm broken.
        I don't care. I love you, I need you. Do what you want, I will never
        leave Master.   
Yes, but I want you
        to know you are broken. It would get me hard to see you betray even yourself
        for your love of me.   
Yes, Master. If it
        is your want.   
Here is the Punishment,
        72 hours you will live in this room. Pig will come by with your breakfast
        and lunch. You may Masturbate all you want and cum whenever you want.    
What is the Punishment
        Master?   
Open that briefcase.   
Slave did and gasped
      when she saw what was inside, layers and layers of twenties.    
It is $200,000.00.
        I've destroyed what life you had and it provide for you until your hair
        grows back.   
NO! NO! I don't want
        to leave. That punishment is unfair Master.   Slave
        said throwing herself to his feet and begging through her tears and gasps.   
You do not have to
        leave slave. Open the door.   
Slave opened the door.
      It was to the back yard. In front of the door was a small car. Slave looked
      around confused.   What
      is this?   
It is a car slave.
        I got an economy car for you. If you leave you can go about 500 miles
        before you will need gas. Even if I were to chase after you, I would
        have no way to find you. This is your temptation Slave. You can leave
        at any time in the next 72 hours, affluent, healthy and free.   
Don't even say that.
        I can't be free Master! I will not leave.   
You don't know the
        punishment yet slave.   
What Master?   
Master turned and he
      pulled the curtains off of the interior window. It was a sheet of plexi-glass.
      Behind it was a TV and VCR. Master took a remote out of his pocket and
      pressed on. Little slave's high pitched screams filled the room. Slave
      looked at the video, it was of Master fucking Little slave. Everything
      about it hurt her. Little Slave's long black hair being pulled by Master.
      The look of her flawless skin. But worst was the smile on Master's face
      as he came.   It
      is on a continuous loop slave.   Master
      said turning the VCR off.   Once
      I leave the room, this will be the only entertainment for you. If after
      72 hours you want to be my slave, I will unlock the door and you will be
      my slave after your final punishment.   
I hate you Master!
        I hate you! Hate you, hate hate!   Slave
        said pounding her fist into his chest and crying.    
I know Slave. But
        it is irrelevant. Don't you see.   
What that you are
        a fucking bastard!   
The door is right
        there slave.   
STOP SAYING THAT!
        It is not fair.    
No, it is mean and
        sadistic. I know how possessive you are. I know how you hate yourself
        for even thinking of submitting to a man who fucks around. But at the
        end, if you don't leave. If you chose to stay, You will know you are
        totally defeated. The last hard limit you thought you had will fall.
        Through no other power then your devotion and need for me.   
I will stay.   Slave
      said, almost defiantly.   
I don't know. Pig
        has been the only one who has stayed.    
I will stay.   Slave
      said crying.   
Ok, then I will see
        you in three days.   Master
        said turning on the VCR and leaving the room. Slave rushed over to the
        corner of the room and knelt her back to the TV. She put a pillow over
        her head and ears and sang "Raindrops keep falling on my head  &frac14;  " to
        herself, crying and confused.   
After four hours, Slave
      was exhausted, she stayed curled up in the corner. Exhausted all she could
      do is lay her head on the pillow and lay flip the other end over here ear.
      The sound stopped.    
Little Slave walked in
      carrying a bowl of dog food. She said   Slave,
      come here and eat.   
Slave turned around,
      she looked at Little Slave with hatred. Slave crawled over and looked down
      at her food. Little girl put two small black photo film containers next
      to Slave's dish and explained:   Master
      said that arrogant manipulative suburban whore's like you do not deserve
      his consideration or thought, so he is leaving it to chance. Pick one.    
Slave cried, to this
      point all the pain she was feeling had been to please her Master, and she
      felt she showed him how much she loved him. Now, it was as if her suffering
      had been irrelevant. Slave picked the container nearest her and watched
      as a clear liquid came out. She pushed her face into the bowl and ate the
      fowl tasting food, then immediately ran to the bathroom and vomited out
      everything.    
Little slave walked up
      behind her and pulled Slave's head from out of the toilet. Slave by now
      was in a daze, exhausted having been starved and cried all morning, she
      could hardly think.    
Little Slave sat Slave
      up against the side of the tub. She pulled Slave's shirt off and said   Don't
      worry, I will wash it, Master said to get you into your flannels.    
Master?    
Little slave took the
      wash cloth and cleaned the puke and sweat off of Slave's body.   You
      have very pretty breasts, mine are so small.   
Yes, yes yes- the
        are big fucking udder whore tits.   Slave
        said almost like she had been beaten down.   
Master must love you
        very much.   Little
        Slave said as she clean off Slave.   
You think.   
Yes, I think.   Little
      slave said putting some toothpaste on a toothbrush.   Open
      your mouth.    
Slave did and Little
      Slave brushed her teeth and let Slave spit out the soap in the toilet.   Now
      we got to get you to bed, you will never make the three days like this.   
Little Slave helped Slave
      up off of the floor and over to the bed. She put slave down and the soft
      mattress felt so good against her body. Still hurting from her suspension,
      having not kept down any solid food for the last 48 hours, and having spent
      the last 4 hours in a state of total hysterics, Slave just laid under the
      comforters&mdash;too weak to move.   
Little Slave turned the
      volume up again as she left the room. Slave just laid down and cried, to
      tired and exhausted to fight the volume any more, at least she could look
      up to the ceiling.   
Slave was too exhausted
      to do much of anything after that. She just laid down for about six hours.
      Her hunger woke her up. She went into the bathroom and started to drink
      as much water as she could, just to ease the pain. This got her to sleep
      around ten pm, but she woke up again rushing to the bathroom.   
The video went on as
      she slept. Slave was totally spent, too tired to think much left move the
      torment could not get worse she thought. She was wrong.   
The next morning, Pig
      came in. Again she turned of the sound. Slave was like a Zombie, her eyes
      bloodshot she looked off into space. Pig took a bowl of slop and put it
      up to Slave's mouth. Slave smiled as she tasted the cum of her Master mixed
      in with the food.   
Eat slow, Slave.   Pig
      said.   There
      is plenty. We don't want you eating and heaving it all up.   Pig
      said as she slowly feed the slop to Slave, until Slave got enough strength
      to hold the spoon herself. She felt as if her body had come back from the
      dead.    
Can I leave some for
        Later?   Slave
        asked, only being able to keep down five table spoons of food until she
        felt stuffed.   
Yes, of course. Lets
        get you into the shower, Master wants his cunt shaved today.   
Ok.   Slave
      said timidly.   
Pig helped Slave out
      of bed and into the shower. She turned the water on hot to bring the color
      back to Slave's flesh. Pig washed out Slaves ass and cunt and rubbed some
      lotion on them. While Pig cleaned Slave. Little Slave came into the room
      and changed the bed linens.    
After the shower and
      food Slave felt pretty good. She was still emotionally drained but at least
      now she was in a state that approximated living. As the morning went on
      she became more and more lucid. She did not fight the sound of the two
      people fucking, part of her resigned herself to the fact that she loved
      an ass. She got bored, she masturbated a few times but it was without passion
      or conviction. The orgasms she had reminded her of her days as a bored
      housewife. Compared to the thunderclaps of pleasure Master gave her, the
      orgasms she had all her life were as intense as popping a pimple.   
Little Slave came in
      that afternoon and feed Slave the dog food. Slave was up on her own so
      little slave did not have to clean her much. The afternoon became very
      hard for slave. She began to look over at the luggage. At that moment,
      something happened that made the rest of her time there totally horrible.
      Slave realized: she could leave. Suddenly, the idea of walking away did
      not seem as absurd as before. It was a possibility, she could do it she
      though. This made staying so much more painful It was easy to stay as a
      self-pitying Slave who thought all her thoughts were controlled by her
      Master. Now, she knew a choice existed. She knew she could leave.    
The rest of the afternoon
      and evening she spent fixated on the luggage. All she had to do is walk
      away and not be a Slave. This thought flickered in her mind. The fucking
      on the screen turned from torture to taunting. She could not get to sleep
      until late in the morning. She spent the night looking at the packed suite
      case and all that money.    
The next morning, Pig
      came in. Slave was cranky, not having gotten all the sleep she wanted.
      Slave had to pick one of the containers, she picked the right one and smiled
      a stream of master creamy white cum dripped onto her slop.   
Time went by slowly that
      afternoon. Slave was able to tune out completely the sound and images of
      her Master fucking another woman, but the cases were driving her mad.    
At lunch, Little slave
      came in with her dog food and instead of pouring the cum onto the food,
      Little Slave spit it out all over the food. Slave bent down and ate it.    
Rosemary felt born again
      that afternoon. The room was comfy and clean. There was a pleasant quality
      she felt that she had not felt in a long time with Master. She looked at
      the cases. It would be so easy she thought.   
Tired from not having
      much sleep Rosemary went to bed early, she woke up at 5 am. For two hours
      she stared at the cases and the door. She knew that if she went back, both
      her and Master would know how completely irrelevant she was. She began
      to hate Master more and more. She had brought back her pride just so she
      would destroy it for him. Still with all this anger, hatred and hurt: Rosemary
      noticed that she still referred to him as Master.    
At 8 AM, Slave opened
      the door crawled over to Master and stated.   
Slave is ready for
        her last punishment Master.   
Chapter 10: Punishment
      #10   
Slave, Little Slave and
      Pig cleaned up the kitchen, then Pig ordered the two slave girls into the
      bathroom, they had to be presentable for that night. Pig ordered Slave
      and Little Slave into the shower. As Slave began to wash Little slaves
      body, she felt little Slave's nipples harden. Little Slave leaned forward
      and kissed Slave. Slave kissed back.    
Thats enough of that!   Pig
      said pulling back the shower curtain.   We
      have to get the room set up.    
Pig lead the two women
      into the den. The worked erecting a stage in front to the fire place and
      put up bright spot lights so that they were set on the middle of the stage.
      Then they set up 5 rows of 10 chairs in the room, facing the stage.    
Slave was worried, so
      far she had only submitted to her Master, now she knew an audience was
      to see her degradation. As abhorrent as the thought was, Slave felt a trickle
      of wetness on her naked thigh. With the room set up, the three went to
      eat lunch. Slave was handed a her plate of dog food. There was nothing
      on it. After taking a few bites, her belly exploded and she rushed to the
      bathroom. As she vomited she knew, she was addicted to Master's cum.    
Slave walked back into
      the room, Pig was getting into her costume for the evening. First she put
      on a corset that pulled in her legs and showed off her wide hips and ample
      ass. Her tits seemed to levitate. Slave and little slave helped Pig into
      a black leather gown. As they zipped it up, Pig had become transformed
      form a naked and crawling piece of fuck meat into a stunning Mistress.    
Little slave put on Pig's
      make up. It was sexy and reserved. Little slave had taken off 10 years
      and most of the abuse from Pig's face. Slave put on finger nail extensions
      and gave her a manicure. Finally, they both put on Pig's boots. It was
      sexy but reserved.    
Now your turn, Cunts!   Pig
      ordered. Handing them each a bag with their clothes for the evening.   
Slave clothes consisted
      of a pair of fishnet stockings and garters. The stockings and garters were
      tight and bit into her flesh. Next, she took out a thick collar. Pig helped
      Slave get it on. The hardened leather held slaves head up right. Slave
      could not move her head right or left. Then Pig took out a pair of handcuffs.
      The chain was about three feet long. Pig attached it to a metal loop on
      the back of Slaves neck and then locked her arms in place. Slaves arms
      were folded in back, the cuffs were secured to the opposite wrist. Pig
      took a second set off cuffs and put them on Slave's wrists. This set had
      about a two foot chain. Pig brought the chain over Slave's belly. Slave's
      arms now were locked into place behind her back. Pulled up and horizontal,
      she could not move an inch without her shoulders burning in pain. Pig finished
      off the outfit by putting a bright read ball gag into Slave's mouth. Slave
      felt some pain but it was not too bad.   
Pig turned her attention
      to Little Slave. Her outfit consisted of a long black latex dress and a
      single sleeve. First, Pig locked the collar on the sleeve around Little
      Slave's neck. Then she pushed Little slave's arms together and laced the
      sleeve up. Little Slaves shoulders blades turned obscenely, as her tiny
      arms were fitted into a smaller sleeve. Pig then had Little Slave walk
      into her black latex dress. The dress had been custom made for Little Slave.
      It had no arms and holes at her cunt and tits. Pig pulled the dress half
      way up. Along the back there was three feet of lacing. Even unlaced the
      dress seemed to crush against the contours of Little Slave's body. Before
      lacing it shut, Pig put a bright red ball gag in Little Slave's mouth.
      Then she tied Little Slave's long black hair into a tight pony tail. She
      pulled the tail through the top of a latex hood and pulled it over Little
      Slaves head. The tight latex had a hole cut out for Little Slaves face
      to fit through. The black shiny latex set off her alabaster skin. Little
      Slave gasped as Pig rolled the latex down her long neck. Like Slave, her
      head was now completely immobile. Finally Pig pulled up the latex dress
      snapped it at the neck and began to lace it closed. It took twenty minutes
      of grunting and pulling but Pig had gotten the dress to fit snugly around
      the slaves body. In front, Little Slaves cunt and tits seemed to just out
      from the outfit.    
Pig left the room.    
Slave and Little Slave
      looked at each other. Slave felt a kind of maternal feeling toward Little
      Slave. She was so beautiful and perfect. Unlike Slave, she had no sins
      of adultery to atone for. Little Slave looked at Slave and admired her
      body. It was so perfect in its naturalism, Little Slave thought. They blushed
      in unison when they realized that they were staring at each other with
      a little more then platonic intent.   
    
Pig came back, she carried
      two metal tags and affixed each to the two women's neck.   
Slave's mind erupted
      and shame and fear as Pig began to read the tag:   
Lot
      #3040 Year old Humiliation CuntSlut will stop at nothing to cum with high
      tolerance for Pain.Minimum Bid: $10,000.00   
She cried as the words
      echoed in her mind. She came to Master in love and thought she deserved
      better then to be sold to a complete stranger. She also knew, it was to
      be. She was gone to far into Master's spell not to accept her sale.   
Little Slave cried more
      violently. She came to Master because he was so much better then any man
      she had talked to. He took her virginity only a few nights ago, she thought
      for sure she would be able to stay around. Pigs words felt like a ice pick
      through Little Girl's mind:   
Lot
      #31Skilled Asian Sex SlaveMaster Yoga ArtistLittle and Gentle useMinimum
      Bid: $125,000.00   
The two women stood crying.
      Each wanting to run away but the only thing they had to run toward was
      Master. They both felt betrayed but loved their Master still.    
The last degradation
      was when Pig rolled out two carts. They were metal tables with the midsection
      cut out forming a U shape. She put Little Slave up first and strapped her
      down. Little Slaves ass and cunt fell down between her spread legs. Slave
      was secured in the same fashion, her cunt open to the 50 strangers, all
      of who were interested in buying it. Pig left the room.   
About an hour later,
      Master began to let guests into his house. They all came in and pinched
      and prodded the two women. Slave and Little Slave sat bound in their same
      and Ownership.   
The people, Men and Woman
      chatted among themselves. Until Master started to tap his knife against
      his glass.   Welcome
      to my annual sale. As you can see this year's crop has produced two fine
      hole carriers. Now let's get Lot #30 rolled to the stage.    
 Slave was rolled up
      to the stage, and the bidding began. Only two men seemed to have much interest
      in Slave, one was well chair bond and in his seventies. The other was a
      young thin geakish fellow. When he made his bid, the room erupted in laughter.   Pauly
      wants his Mommie.   He
      said defiantly. The bidding had stalled out at $25,000.00.   
Master stated:   $25,000.00
        do I here any more? $25,000.00 going once. Going, twice!    
$50,000.00!   Pig
      said from the back of the room.    
Master smiled   $50
        K. Going once, Going twice, Sold! To the Domme in the back of the room.   
Slave was rolled off
      the stage, her emotions were pitched and mixed. She hated the thought that
      she was now a slave to Pig, but that meant she did not have to leave Master.   
Little Girl was rolled
      up to the stage. Before Master said a word, bids were being yelled out
      throughout the room. Master smiled and said,   Wait,
      thanks to the domme's generous offer. I can withdraw Lot 31 from the bidding.   
You can't do that?   
Fuck you! You fucking
        ass! Don't you dare keep that tight piece of ass to yourself.   Yelled
        a drunk man from the back of the room.    
The room grew silent
      as Master walked up to the man. Looked at him and said   My
      game, My rules! You may leave now.   
The man cowered back
      and left the house. Master walked up to Little Slave and pulled out her
      gag and asked   Do
      you want to be sold this year?   
No Master, I never
        want to be sold!   
Than it shall be.   Master
      said as he kissed Little Slave.   
The crowd left the house.
      An hour later, Master was sitting watching a Basketball game. Little Slave
      sat beside him, holding a saucer for his coffee and a small plate of cookies.    
Pig changed back to her
      naked state and crawled in with Slave crawling behind her. Pig crawled
      up to Master feet and kissed them, snorting she said   Overlord,
      thank you thank you thank you!   
What for Pig?   
This ugly stupid pig
        knew it had no way of paying overlord back for his grace in owning such
        a vial piece of fuck shit.   
Yes, and now you have
        a slave.   
Well, Overlord&mdash;Pig
        is happy because, Pig can not give you its used holes but Pig knows how
        good this masochistic slut takes pain for Master and how much she wants
        to please him.   
Yes, and your point
        Pig.   
Here Overlord,   Pig
      said handing him Slave's leash.   Please
      Overlord, take this gift. Please, it would make Pig happy to know Overlord
      had a slave worthy of him.   
I accept Pig!   
Thank you, Overlord.
        Overlord has made this worthless shit so happy.   
Master turned to Slave
      and said   Well,
      Slave&mdash;your last punishment is over. Tomorrow morning I will give
      you your reward.    
Slave cried, she did
      not need a reward she thought, she had what she wanted.   
Pig gave Slave a pill.
      Exhausted and emotionally spent, in seconds Slave fell on the floor asleep.    
She woke up the next
      day. Her hands and feet bound. Slave's head was resting on Master's thigh.
      Master grabbed her head and began to push her head down on his cock. He
      forced it into the back of her throat and raped her mouth for a good 10
      minutes, while Slave swooned. After he shoot his cum into her throat, Master
      got out of bed and put on a robe.   
Was that my present
        Master? It was so nice.   
No Slave, you have
        a collar.    
Slave reached up and
      felt an iron band around her neck. It was hinged in back and in front it
      was held closed with a pad lock. She looked at Master and said   Thank
      You! Oh Thank You, Master!   
You do not know the
        best part.   
No?   
The padlock?    
Yes, you have the
        key.   
No, actually I don't
        here.   Master
        said: handing a letter over to Slave.   
Mr.
      Smith:Per your agreement, the firm of Lessor and Moore are in receipt of
      a key to on pad lock. This key has been deposited with all other secure
      papers at an undisclosed Lockbox. Per your instructions, this box is to
      only be opened at the time of your death. Until that time, the box and
      its contents will be protected in the fullest confidence.    
I don't understand
        Master?   
Well, now not only
        do you not have the choice to leave. I don't have the choice to free
        you. You are my slave for my life. Now, get up Slave! Master has work
        to do.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Subher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





