BDSM Library - A new Toy




A new Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Control, and mind-fucking was his game, and he just found himself a new toy... THE TOY  
I had moven in next door a few weeks ago. You knew I lived alone, you could
  see every room in my house from your attic window  
You checked you watch impatiently..5 minutes you mumbled under your breath.
  running your long fingers through your greying hair...you thought back to the
  very first night you started doing this..you had looked up and out the windoe
  for some reason..and what you saw nearly blew you away....the blonde single
  woman who had just moved in...lay sprawled on her back, naked, except a black
  leather collar around her neck...a dog lapping her cunt.  
you sat back in amazement as the girl could hardly control herself from bucking
  into the dog's big face.....it was over in less then 5 minutes  
Since then, you have watched her every night either fuck herself with some
  object..use clothespins to pinch her nipples and her clit...you even watched
  her use a belt on herself..She was definatley a slut...a slut who like to be
  used... humiliated...and from what you could see..a slut who like a little
  pain....  
your kinda woman...  
You smiled slowley as you watched her turn her bedroom light on...grabbing
  the camera you flew down the stairs and into the backyard, where her window
  was..  
Again she was on the bed naked.....dog between her legs  
You knocked on the window abruptly, scarring her and the dog..the dog barked
  and she flew out of the bed throwing her robe on...you motioned for her to
  go to the front door....waving the camera at her as you went to the front door.....  
How lovely she was standing there flushed and teary eyed....you smiled arrogantly
  and walked in, shutting and locking the door behind you....  
what do you want....she says...I have money in my dresser shelf...  
you smiled quietly at her, and walked very slowley towards her...  
you were so close she could feel your heat...  
Chasing a tear, with your long thin finger, you searched her eyes...your
  finger toying now with the top of her lush breast...you spoke softly but firmly...  
Im here to give you what you need, what you crave...what your slut cunt aches
  for....  
she closed her eyes, as her head started spinning...fear leaping into her
  heart....and fire leaping into her churning abdomen..  
She opened her eyes...darting them to the camera...he followed her gaze and
  he smiled....looking back at her he said yes....i have all your nights....with
  the dog, on this camera...  
He silently walked past her, calling over his shoulder to the dog...  
she stood there in awe, at her trader dog...who would so easily follow a
  stranger...  
...and she followed him to.  
He was sitting in her bedroom, in the over stuffed &quot;masters&quot; chair,
  with the dog at his feet, he smiled at her when she walked in....  
Without breaking his smile, he told her &quot; lose the robe cunt, we wont
  be needing it this night&quot;  
You undid the sash of the robe, and let it fall to the floor, never before
  had she felt so completely naked, and her hands instinctively flew to cover
  herself, and she squeezed her eyes shut, willing for this moment to disappear.  
The low growl of your voice made her startle, and her eyes flew open at your
  command.  
&quot;Kneel in front of me, and spread your knees wide apart&quot;, &quot;show
  me, what is mine to use, for however long I want&quot;....or at least....until
  i am bored with you...  
Dropping to her knees, she spread as wide as she could, and leaned back a
  little , tilting her pelvic up. Already she could feel the cool air kiss her
  wet cunt, your eyes slowley raked over her, like a piece of ice, her nipples
  turned to hard little pebbles...she could feel her already wet, swollen lips,
  open to your hard stare...  
He smirked softly...his voice as cold as the icey stare that had just travelled
  your body. A slut indeed, your already soaked, and your body is begging to
  be used..  
He turned to the dog scratching the back of his head...&quot;like a bitch
  in heat eh King?&quot;.  
He chuckled softly, as the dogs tail wagged...  
Slut, pull on your nipples make them hard, make them stand out, I have a
  present for you.and he dug in his pocket pulling out a thick chain with nipple
  clamps connected on each end , and tossed it to her..  
she clamped the first one on, and thought she'd faint from the pain, catching
  her breath she clamped the other one on..she could feel them throbbing already
  , the clothes pins were nothing compared to this...this was pain...and strangely
  enough , her cunt throbbed more, she could literaly feel her juices, running
  down the inside of her leg....god how mortifying, she wanted to just die....and
  she wanted this stranger....badly...  
She could see from the cornor of her eye..he had taken the plant down from
  the hook in the ceiling and was attaching a rope to it...he went back to his
  duffle bag , and brought out the stuff he was going to need...carelessly he
  tossed the leash to her, and told her to hook it onto, to her bitch collar,
  and then tossed her the wrist and ankle cuffs...  
Her cunt was flowing steady now..and her lips were almost painfully swollen
  and pink, and he hadn't even touched her yet....she wanted to wipe herself
  so bad.....her cunt was proof of how slutty she was....of how desperate she
  was, to be owned, used...  
He slipped the silk black scarf over her eyes, her heart started pounding...how
  she feared being blind folded, it was her worse fear.....and he somehow knew
  that...she swallowed hard trying to push down the onslaught of tears....He
  pulled her up by the arm, clicked her wrist cuffs together and attached them
  to the rope in the ceiling, tightning it, till she felt the jolt of pain in
  her shoulders, kicking her feelt apart he attached a spreader bar to her ankle
  cuffs...he bent her forward slightly exposing her holes even more..opening
  them to his whim...she could feel him close, smell him....and he tugged on
  the cahin slightly that was clamped to her nipples...the pain shot through
  her body, and a silent scream tried to escape.......just to ensure, you do
  not squirm, and take your punishment like any good slut should, im going to
  attach a weight to your chain, if you move even slightly, the swinging from
  the chain will make the weight tug hard on your clamps...with that, he attached
  the weight in the middle of the chain, and again the pain shot through her,
  so bad that she thought again shed faint...and strangely enough she could feel
  the wetness flowing down her leg....god how could she enjoy this?...what was
  wrong with her?  
He stood behind her admiring what he had done...her legs spread wide...her
  ass and cunt jutting out, begging him to use her holes....oh he was going to
  have so much fun with her, and he would use her alright, but not yet, he wanted
  her complete submission, he wanted her to beg for him to use her, he wanted
  her to beg, to be his cumpig...he wanted her as his toy...he wanted to make
  sure her only purpose in life wouuld be to serve his every pleasure, his every
  whim...and she would....he was determined...  
....  
The dog was whinning anxiously wagging his tail, looking up at his new Master.
  They both could smell the heat from between her legs, see it glistening on
  her inner thighs.  
&quot; Would you like the filthy mess between your legs cleaned up&quot;?. &quot; I
  think, the crop would hurt so much more, on your ass and cunt, if it stays
  wet&quot;. she nodded vigorously, biting her lip, to embarrassed to even mutter
  a word.  
He let go of the dogs collar, and watched as he dove into her hot soaked
  cunt, pushing her a little forward making the weight swing, sending jolts of
  pain, right to the core of her cunt, the dogs big wet tongue lapping at her
  holes...she groaned softly as her head fell back...lost in a sea of firey passion....His
  chuckle startled her, and she tried to clear her head, his words penetrating
  her mind .&quot; you are so wet slut, the dog cant even keep up with your needy
  cunt..she bit her lip the slurpping and licking . to loud in such a small room...Enough...he
  said to the dog...and the dog trotted back to his Masters feet, sitting there....  
He tilted his head smirking...just as he had planned, not only had the dog
  made her even more wetter, but the dog was able to wet her entire backside..even
  her sweet tiny asshole..he was going to have so much fun turning her ass a
  nice shade of hot pink..  
The first smack startled her and she jumped, causing the weight to swing
  wildly.she wanted to scream, but instead bit down hard on her lip. He talked
  to her, matter-of-factly, as he used the crop on her ass, turning it a bright
  pink...&quot; I only use assess and cunts that are swollen, wet, and a nice
  shade of pink..dont you agree that the best way to be used?....she nodded...she
  didnt even care what he was saying..all she knew was she was on fire and she
  needed to be filled....badly...  
Well you ass is a nice shade of red...but your cunt isnt..and your asshole
  isnt...what do you think i should do about that?...  
Her words were so low...he had to strain to hear her....please...make them
  pink..i need your cock....he laughed loudly..which startled her....come now
  cunt, admit it, you dont need MY cock, you just need cock..not even a cock....just
  anything to fill your holes..  
So how shall i make your holes pink?...surley you dont want me to use the
  crop on them?...that would hurt beyond belief....you cant need cock that bad....can
  you?  
The tears were flowing freely now.....yessssss, she would take the pain,
  just to have her holes filled....she truly was a slut...and he was proving
  it...  
she nodded silently...  
hmmm?....what does that mean?...a nod....  
please....use the crop on my cunt and asshole..make it pink...  
ohhh no no no, i cant, he said in mock horror...do you relize if i did that,
  not only would you be in pain..but even the slightest touch to your asshole
  or cunt, afterwards.would be so ultra sensetive, it would send jolts of pain
  shot through your body...  
an onslaught of tears came pouring out...and he sat back..waiting patiently.
  for the inevitable..  
She swallowed hard and licked her lips...please...pleaseeeee im begging you,
  to use the crop on me..i want it...truley i do...i need it...  
...there was a long silence...finally he said....i dont believe you...convince
  me....  
...but....how?  
i dont know...this is your idea...not mine..he bit his lip, to hold back
  the smile..  
he waited...  
..she did know what she could do...but again...it would cause here pain...  
oh god....but she needed cock..  
she swallowed hard again, and bit down on her lip preparing herself...she
  pulled hard on the restraints holding her arms, giving her a little lee-way..and
  bent a little lower , pushing her ass and cunt up and out..tilting it up...her
  holes begging to be used....  
how sweet she looked rocking herself..pushing her ass and cunt towards him...he
  could see the weight swinging bwtween her breast....  
Finally he laid his hand on the small of her back.....commanding her to stop....but
  to keep cunt and ass tilted up....  
He sighed....are you sure?  
yessssssss please...  
alright then....I'll let you have your way this time...  
she could hear him rummaging around....  
....her mind was clouded....have her way?  
oh my god...she just begged for him to whip her holes  
how did it come to this....  
and how could he have so much power over her...  
&quot;This is going to hurt you...more then its going to hurt me&quot;...he
  chcuked softly at his own joke  
she wasnt ready for the biting on her swollen lips, and she choked in pain....  
he had opened her swollen lips and clamped little clamps on them with a little
  chainand weight in the middle, causing her lips to spead open...now, both her
  holes totally exposed and open...  
The first blow...made her head dizzy, bye the fifth one she was ahving a
  hard time breathing....she had never felt so open and swollen..and hot in all
  her life...and still she could feel the juice drip down her inner thigh..  
he smiled , he knew she was humiliated more then she had ever been in her
  life..and he had just begun..  
but enough of this...  
He unhooked her hands, but kept the spreader bar tied to her feet...he placed
  her on her hands and kneed in front of the chair..he disrobed, and sat in the
  chair..and put king beside him....  
when he was set, he took the blind fold off, and he smiles at her..one leg
  was sprawled over the arm of the chair...and he was slouched slightly, he balls
  and hard cock were dangling off the chair slightly...inviting her mouth...he
  pushed her forhead back..and said no....just stay there....  
he wrapped him hand around his thick cock, and slowley peeled back skin revealing
  the purple angry head..the piss slit glistening with precum....she licked her
  lips and looked up at him, begging her with his eyes...  
He arched a brow at her..and said...are you a good cock sucker? can you take
  all of me?...she looked back down again at his long thick cock...oh god, she
  didnt know if she could take it all...but god she would die trying...  
she spoke softly..im not sure...but i would like to try?  
Do you think trying is good enough for me slut?  
she lowered her eyes and swallowed...no..  
no what slut?  
no sir..  
so how are we going to fix this little problem....you do want to be my slut,
  and a good little cock sucker dont you?  
her eyes darted to his, brightning...she had a great idea, and she would
  get what she wanted...  
Sir?....i could practice???....she smiled big...knowing it was a good answer,
  he smiled big at her...and her heart lept...  
he nodded...comically  
yesssss my little slut....thats the best idea you've had yet...  
im so very proud of you, how smart you are...  
her mouth opened and she went for the head of his cock, her mouth watering,
  she could already taste it...  
he pushed her head back again...she looked up at him questioningly  
he frowned at her....what the hall are you doing slut?  
she frowned to....practicing?  
his head flew back as he roared with laughter  
she was lost....what was so funny  
finaly when he could stop laughing...  
he looked at her  
and he shook his head from side to side...you didnt think i was going to
  let you practice on me did you?  
dont you think i deserve the best?  
yes but...  
shhhh  
now...lets see....you need a cock, to practice on  
have any males that live here?  
no sir  
well who lives here then slut?  
just me and king  
oh...king is a female?  
her stomach churned, and she swallowed  
sir?..i have a vibrator..  
he thought for a moment...no.....no that wont do...its not real, its plastic...and
  it doesnt cum  
hmm..so the only male, is king....i know youve let him lick you, but hwat
  else have you done with him?  
That was it....ive never let him do anything else, and ive never touched
  him..  
he leaned down..inches from her face...in mock horror, he said to her...you
  mean to tell me all this time youve let him eat your whorish cunt, and never
  ONCE youve given ANYTHING in return?  
she was crying hard now..he was making her feel bad...and worthless  
hush cunt..  
lets go over this...  
you need a cock to practice on, so you can be my little personal cocksucker..the
  only male in the house is King  
youve used king for god knows how many years...and he gets nothing in return
  from you..you use him..and disregard him..no wonder the poor dog took to me
  right away..  
Tell me slut how to remedy this situation...im all ears to your suggestions  
she sat there for a long while...she knew what he wanted....and she knew
  if she didnt do it...or she didnt say it just right...hed be out that door
  in a flash.  
finally she looked up at him  
Sir?  
hmm?  
I think i have a good idea....i need to practice sucking cock, and id like
  to ...she swallowed hard....id like to suck kings cock...you see, he probably
  need to get off..ive been very selfish, and ive used him for my own needs..  
he nodded slowley..thinking of what she said...  
but slut...its a cock of a dog...are you sure?  
Sir..im a slut....i need cock...any cock...  
he nodded yes...very true..  
he stood up purposely letting his cock slide along her face, the precum landing
  on her upper lip..he pushed the chair back slightly and called king over  
lay on your back king..  
finally your bitch is going to service you  
king layed on his back..and she started off with rubbing his belly,which
  made the dog spread his legs even more..  
Stroke the sheath...start coaxing his pink meat to come out....so you can
  have your cock..  
she wrapped her hand around him..her fingers not even meeting...she cringed,
  hopefully he wasnt bigger then that...finally the pink head popped out...  
and he said in mock surprise...oh look, king has a treat for you  
she looked down at the huge red piece of meat..wet...big..menacing  
give it a kiss...the tears again started as she leaned down and gave it a
  motherly kiss..she shuddered and wiped her mouth....  
he laughed...what dont like that taste?  
god...noooo  
thats ok slut.....in time you will get use to it  
as he pushed her face back onto his meat...he said start sucking slut...suck
  like your life depends on it..suck like its mine and your trying to impress
  me  
she squeezed her eyes shut and took him into her mouth..she could feel him
  growing by the second..his cock filling her entire mouth..and there was still
  some she couldnt get in...  
I cant hear you bitch....if that was my cock wouldnt you be moaning because
  you loved it so much?  
oh god how much more humiliating could he get?  
she moaned softly...and she was rewarded with a pat on the head...good girl  
he slid his finger up her inner thigh and she archd her back into it...groaning..and
  without thinking..sucking harder...he circled her lips, her clit and she burried
  her face on the dogs cock, choking trying ot get more in...  
finally he pulled her up by the hair  
ok..enough practice..  
now let king have his treat  
she blinked, his treat?  
yes his treat  
he moved back to the chair and slid down till his ass was off the chair,
  resting his feet on two small, but tall tables, his ass was now almost in mid-air...his
  asshole completly exposed..come her slut and crawl between my legs were you
  belong...  
she did as she was told...but had a hard time doing it..the bar between her
  legs still keeping her wide open  
now...do you know what a cat does when shes in heat and needs cock?  
...she answered softly.....yes  
then do it....and call king...  
she arched her back sticking her cunt in the air..wiggling her ass..calling
  king....he came over wagging....his thick meat dangling between his legs...  
now help king out and show him where his cock belongs....in the meantime....eat
  my ass until i tell you , you can stop  
she reached behind her, hardly being able to hold onto the hard thick meat,
  and guided him into her throbbing cunt..he rammed in as hard as he could....like
  he was taking it out on her for all the years she had denied him......she screamed...his
  cock felt like it was splitting her in two....  
he grabbed her by the back of the head and pushed her face into his ass..suck
  my ass little slut, use that tongue of yours , push it in deep, twirl it around...i
  want you my ass as clean as a whislte...if you do a good job, ill let you cum  
That was all she needed she whimpered and dove her tongue into his sweet
  ass, pushing with all her strength, and the dogs stregnth to get in as deep
  as she could...he wrapped his hand around her hair and pushed her face in deeper..suck
  it ..i wanna hear you suck it..i wanna hear and feel how hungry you are...convince
  me you want me to use you...with as much power as she could muster she sucked
  with all her stregnth.slurrping at his ass...she had her tongue in all the
  way now..and she twirled it.and sucked noisly..the dog growled..and then howled
  as he shot his pent up load into her hot little hole....he pulled out and went
  to the cornor to clean himself off.....  
he grabbed her by the back of the hair and pulled her off his asshole.....he
  got up and pulled the low stool closer raising her feet by the bar he put her
  knees on it and her face to the ground....her ass almost completly straight
  up...reach behind you cunt and use your fingers to spread your ass hole for
  me....she reached back...painfully sticking her fingers dry fingers in her
  ass holding on to each end...open it wider slut..i wanna you open it for me...she
  whimpered and she pulled her hole open wider....he leaned in close and spit
  inside her ass.amking sure it was well lubricated....let go cunt  
she let go...her asshole closing.causing some of the spit to come out...he
  ran the tip of his cock along the crack of her ass...tell me what you need
  cunt....oh god please....i need your cock...but where pig?  
pleaseeeeee, my assss....  
he pushed...feeling the tight ring pop..and then rammed as hard as he could
  deep into her bowels..she screamed in agony....and he fucked her ass even harder....she
  tried to squirm away, but everytime shed move she get a wide hand smakced across
  her ass....dont fucking move bitch  
finally he exploded inside of her  
and he waited till his breathing came back to normal  
he pulled his cock out...slimy with cum  
he made her kneel upright...now her cunt and ass dripping with cum....he
  stood there for awhile just watching her...letting the cum drip out of her  
finally he spoke  
im very disappointed in you slut.....i dont think you really want me  
she frowned.....wondering what on earth she had done wrong...heck...she didnt
  even cum yet....  
sir?  
he pointed between her spread legs..she looked down at the puddles of cum  
its obvious, you dont want my cum  
oh no, no....she shook her head....you dont understand im spread so wide..its
  going to leak out  
but....you have muscled in your cunt and ass dont you?  
she looked at him...in a panic....he was right...and he knew it...but it
  never even occured to her to ..hold it  
she bowed her head...  
yes sir....yes i do have muscles..and i could have stopped it.....but pleaseeee,
  i just wasnt thinking..i just wanted to get off  
ahhh..selfish again  
she shoke her head..but nothing came out of her mouth...no matter what she
  said, he twisted it...  
he knew...in a few seconds....shed think of how to fix the situation...until
  then...hed wait there in front of her...  
she looked up at him with pleading eyes  
Sir??  
hmm?  
please sir..i was selfish..i was thinking of myself..and...i lost all your
  precious cum..please sir...would you let me lick it up off the floor?  
he frowned at her....but what about kings cum?  
he gives you a gift...and you drop it..like it means nothing?  
she swallowed hard....his cum to sir...  
he nodded..then do it...  
she backed up a little and looked down at the two big puddles of cum  
she leaned down and started lapping at the thick cum  
ass up slut....always...ass up  
she arched her back exposing her ass making her look like a needy whore..he
  walked over to her, when there was but a handful of cum left and pushed his
  barefoot in it..and gave her the foot...she looked up at him...he shrugged
  and smiled...just thought id help some...she bathed his foot with her tongue,
  making sure to get even between his toes...and all he could think of what fun
  he was going to have with the little cunt  
He pulled his toes from her mouth...and smiled down at her..finally he undid
  the bar between her legs..but left the clamps on her nipples....he made her
  crawl to the private back yard.....  
kneel up and spread....  
he tilted her chin...  
searching her green eyes..  
did you enjoy today, my sweet little slut...  
she closed her eyes and swallowed, before answering...  
yessssss  
he nodded...good....im glad....because there is alot more to come  
now....  
i supose your thirsty?  
she licked her lips tasting all the sticky cum...  
oh god sir please yes..i need a drink so bad  
do you know what sluts drink......slut?  
...no?  
they drink piss....they drink anything that comes from a cock...i thought
  youd know that since you were a slut?  
she was silent for awhile  
you are MY slut arent you?  
yesssss  
then tell me what you want..i dont have all night  
sir..please may i drink your piss.?  
he laughed..not very cinvincing slut...  
look..if you dnt want to be my slut..its ok....no hard feelings  
she whimpered..and crawled over between his legs..licking up his inner thigh  
she looked up at him..pleading...oh please please sir...please i want a drink..i
  need a drink...i crave a drink from your cock  
he smirked at her...you sure now..after all...its piss for heavens sake  
god why did he do this to her...his manipulation was amazing  
she swallowed hard and nodded...please...im your slut....and i crave to drink
  your piss  
he pulled away from her  
put your hands behind you  
stick your chest out  
spread wider  
open your mouth and tilt your head back  
she cringed as she pushed her chest out, causing the clamps to pull at her
  nipples  
she closed her eyes as the first spray covered her face, he aimed the hot
  powerful stream at her nipples causing shooting pains to her cunt..and then
  her clit, he knew exactaly where to hit she arched her cunt up amd moaned her
  mouth falling open..he finished off by shoving his cock in her mouth..swallow
  the rest cunt.suckkkk the rest out..like a good whore...his words made her
  cunt throb once again..she swallowed it all..finally he pulled out and shook
  the rest of the piss over her face, and then used her hair to wipe his cock  
he pulled his pants back up, and whistled for the dog...and started walking
  away with the dog..he didnt turn to look at her, but she heard his words...the
  dog will stay with me from now on...  
be ready tomorrow night at nine....  
for king and i  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  PussNboots


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





