BDSM Library - Julie's Triumph




Julie's Triumph
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Can Julie, a tease/denial Mistress, turn her macho military officer boyfriend into a chastity slave?JULIE'S TRIUMPH  
Julie smiled at Everett over the candle lit dinner at Morton's Steak House.
  The grizzled, former Foreign Service officer, now an export magnate, caught
  Julie's eye and smiled right back. His&nbsp;brown, tanned&nbsp;hand traveled
  across the steak tartare and, reaching Julie's small fingers with their French
  manicure, squeezed&nbsp;them gently. Julie really liked Everett, and thought
  he seemed malleable. Most men were fairly&nbsp;malleable in Julie's hands;
  she was your traditional big-busted, full lipped type, with nearly white-blonde
  hair that hung in a sexy mane around her shoulders. The shipping millionaire
  was unlike many men that Julie had dated, in that Everett seemed to have a
  strong sense of self, and his interest in Julie was courtly, instead of begging
  and drooling.&nbsp;  
Julie felt like she was being watched... she looked over at a nearby table,
  and there was Horace, gaping at her. Julie rolled her eyes at him. Yes, you
  pitiful dunce, I too, go to restaurants...I just don't spend my leisure time
  as I did with you this afternoon, she thought contemptuously. Horace had not
  had a release in 81 days, and he was still wearing his belt, though four hours
  ago Julie had had it off, and was making Horace's dick shake by tickling it
  with a greasy piece of dental floss, while he bounced helplessly against his
  handcuffs. And here Horace was, with his wife of fifteen years...obviously
  they hadn't slept together in at least a year and a half, or even showered
  together, she would've wondered about the Iron Maiden Julie had locked to Horace's
  crotch.  
Julie dealt with two kinds of men--dates and potential relationship types,
  and then the clients she dealt with as a professional teasing and denial dominatrix.
  Julie, who worked for her friend Keri's tease denial, and key holder service&nbsp;provided
  a valuable commodity to a variety of men in the city, who would come and visit
  Julie at different times. Some of the men were married, or just wanted part-time
  teasing. These were the belt-less...they wore no chastity belts or devices.  
Aaron was one of these. Aaron had a sweet girlfriend, and a lively life,
  but once a week, he'd come see Julie, giving her $500,&nbsp;and she'd tie him
  naked to a table, and play with his dick for several hours, moving her long,
  white tipped nails up and down Aaron's suffering shaft, before finally allowing
  him to jerk off. Then Aaron would leave, refreshed, and&nbsp; go back to his
  girlfriend until his peculiar desires brought him back the following week.
  Aaron did it for kicks, she thought, but liked Cumming too much, though he
  might graduate to wanting long term chastity. That did happen sometimes...  
Horace was staring at her...trying to make his eyes moisture-ish. Julie was
  irritated as all hell. What was he staring at? Sure, she had her 40DD's stuffed
  into this little black strapless thing, but it was no more revealing than the
  corset she'd been wearing with him this afternoon. Horace was begging with
  his eyes for her to look at him. Horace had made the mistake of telling Julie
  that he wanted to have six months of teasing and chastity...he couldn't handle
  it, though. 81 days and he was a nervous wreck...but Julie would stick to her
  guns...Horace was a dramatic example of one of Julie's &quot;belted&quot; clients...the
  main recipients of her key holder service..she held the keys to their belts...A
  less intense version of a belted client than Horace, was Steven.  
&nbsp;Steve was more of a typical &quot;belted&quot; client, one who came
  at least once every two months. Julie kept Steve in a metal chastity sheath
  at all times, except when it was his teasing time. All week long, Steve would
  go through his work, his other activities, with his penis thrusting against
  the cruel metal sheath...and then once a week he'd come see Julie, and the
  same ritual of stripping, binding and teasing would go on, but it was different,
  because Steve was far more desperate than Aaron was. The belt prohibited him
  from pursuing a separate relationship from Julie, who he paid $500 a visit,
  just for the chance to get the belt off, and have her play with his poor dick
  a bit. Steve not only didn't come during the week, but often didn't cum after
  the session was done...Julie allowed Steve to cum about once every six weeks,
  and usually that was after he'd visited her six times, and she'd pocketed three
  grand.  
What was interesting was that Julie's suitors, boyfriend, and 2 ex-husbands
  had always been the rough-and-tumble guys--ex-cons, day laborers, addicts and
  the like. When Fernando came over, for instance, there'd be no chastity teasing
  for him--Julie would have all of her holes hit, Frank would demand two blowjobs,
  probably, and then he'd eat her cooking, borrow ten from her and take another
  fifty from her purse and bail off, his &quot;BORN TO LOSE&quot; tattoo a bluish-gray
  caboose on his back walking out. Julie loved Fernando, she'd rake his back
  as he pumped in her...but he wasn't husband material...Julie preferred hell-raising
  on a weekend basis, thank you...and neither were Steve or Aaron the pitiful
  slave-boys potential marriage material...too much of them would just be irritating.  
Was there a happy medium between adoring slaves and insane redneck boys?
  It was a puzzle. What Julie liked about Everett was although he seemed quite
  enamored of her, he wasn't a drooler...he was polite&nbsp;and&nbsp;courtly. &nbsp;A
  regular weightlifter with 10 years in the military,&nbsp;Everett was at least
  as masculine as any man she'd ever met. In Julie's &quot;straight&quot; job
  as a fundraiser, Ev was the perfect escort to her&nbsp;various events, he danced
  like a charm...and took her to wonderful get togethers at the Officer's Club.  
&nbsp;But-at fifty-two to Julie's thirty-three, Ev didn't really have the
  charge that Julie needed, though Ev was a fascinating companion, he pampered
  Julie constantly, and bought her gifts. She knew there was an engagement ring
  in the picture. But in their moments of passion...when Everett's penis entered
  Julie--it his penis felt&nbsp; like a foreign object, and not a particularly
  welcome one...he just didn't &quot;ring her chimes&quot;. But he was too precious
  to let get away.  
Julie was considering-- could she transform Everett into a slave? She thought
  Everett might be a great live in &quot;Client&quot; Julie could still receive
  all the pampering, the presents, etc. and give Everett valuable lessons in
  self-control, and bestow upon him the favors that many, many men had paid dearly
  for. Could she do it?  
Chapter Two  
She is a damn fine woman, Everett thought, as he knelt naked in front of
  Julie. I don't understand this submission business, but Julie is so sweet and
  charming. What the hell, if she wants me to kneel here for a bit, in the buff,
  while she stands there in her little black cocktail dress...ooh. Everett looked
  down, noticing that his member was getting quite stiff. That doesn't happen
  much anymore, he thought. The last time Everett had slept with Julie in the
  traditional way, she'd had to twiddle him a bit so he didn't lose his erection
  completely...Mid life does that to a man. But look how hard Little Johnny is
  now!  
&quot;So, Everett,&nbsp;you're enjoying this?&quot; Julie was looking down
  at Everett's stiffening penis. Everett was a bit embarrassed that she was still
  completely dressed tonight--stockings, heels, all of it--while he was naked
  as&nbsp;a jaybird. But God, she's a beautiful woman! Look at that mane of blond
  hair! &quot;Everett, why don't you come over here and sit on this kitchen stool
  for me?&quot;  
Everett tried to stand up, but Julie gently pushed him back down, and encouraged
  him to crawl to the stool and then climb up it. &quot;Julie, honey, why not
  the LaZ-Boy, or the couch? This is not comfortable.&quot; Suddenly&nbsp; Everett
  was tied to the stool...his hands were roped together, and the rope was knotted
  to one of the stool legs, and then his feet were tied to the others. There
  was no back to the stool, so he had to sit up straight. &quot;Honey, don't
  worry about the other furniture.&quot; Julie was leaning over and whispering
  in Ev's ear while her nails scratched the inside of his bare thigh. &quot;You're
  a submissive tonight and you don't have to think about all that stuff...don't
  you get sick of worrying about everything? Mommy's lookin' after it for you.&quot; Julie
  gently took Everett's penis in her palm, and squeezed her fingers around it.  
Everett had an excellent view into Julie's cleavage. it was almost sexier
  bunched in that little black dress than when she was nude! He was still terribly
  embarrassed by this predicament, being naked and tied to a kitchen stool, it
  reminded him of the prisoners he had interrogated in Laos, years ago. Julie's
  thumb and forefinger encircled Ev's dick while her palm rested on the little
  area of the stool still exposed between Everett's perspiring legs. As she whispered
  in his ear, Everett could smell her perfume, Chanel, he thought." The regular
  furniture is for the grown-ups, sweetie.&quot; Julie leaned into Everett's
  neck, subtly pulling her dress down so the tops of her breasts bunched out
  of the cocktail dress into Everett's face. &quot;That's for Mommy to entertain
  her company. Little boys have a nursery...and they eat in the kitchen.&quot; Notwithstanding
  that &quot;Mommy&quot; was 20 years his junior, Everett thought of his governess,
  Miss Truncheon, years ago.  
Miss Truncheon had been damned strict at times--one slip in his lessons,
  or a tantrum, and she'd have him across her knee with the pants to his sailor
  suit down, whacking away with the heavy wooden spoon she kept in the purse.
  Several times she'd spanked him like this when they were at the playground,
  in front of the other mothers and children...and then Ev would be required
  to stand in the corner, his pants down, weeping. If he acted up too much, sometimes
  Miss Truncheon would give him an enema...oh, that was horrific...but it made
  him a better man. Even when Ev was a big boy of twelve or fourteen, Miss Truncheon
  supervised his television time, and made him go to bed at seven-thirty each
  night. Even after Everett became a junior varsity quarterback, he couldn't
  celebrate the games he won with the fellows at a bowling alley, and of course
  parties were verboten. In bed, seven-thirty sharp.  
When Everett was asked out by Cheryl Willis, the head cheerleader, to go
  to the movies, Miss Truncheon had accompanied them, and the next time Ev had
  wanted to go with her, Miss Truncheon had told him he wasn't ready for dating.
  Everett had thrown a fit, and Miss Truncheon had stripped Ev, whipping him
  with a soaking hickory branch, and made Everett parade up and down his driveway
  in a frilly white dress and patent leather shoes. Cheryl had driven by with
  a group of girls that afternoon&mdash;Miss Truncheon called her, Everett suspected,
  but that couldn't be so&mdash;and after she'd seen Ev in his pretty outfit,
  there were no more requests for dates, Everett was the laughing stock of Aaron
  Burr Junior High&hellip;he'd hated Miss Truncheon, but only for a brief period&hellip;she
  allowed no pouting or anger.  
Miss Truncheon had also had a very strict policy towards "self-abuse" and
  after she'd caught Everett masturbating, she'd made him stand in the corner
  with a pink ribbon tied to this tip of his penis, which just poked out of a
  pair of adult diapers. Miss Truncheon had then invited Cheryl and Cheryl's
  best friend Lana to come over and help with some ironing. "Just ignore that
  bad boy, girls&hellip;" Miss Truncheon said, as the girls stared at the captain
  of the football and wrestling teams at Burr Jr. High. "He can't stop wiggling
  his wee-wee&hellip;so I'm making him more aware of his shame." After this experience,
  Everett resigned sports and ran home every day at three sharp, to avoid the
  taunts of the story, which had just gotten around. "I am so glad you stopped
  all that nonsense, Everett&hellip;now we can work on Latin lessons together." And
  it's true, Everett's grades went up sharply after this.  
&nbsp;And then Miss Truncheon was very comforting, in her way. She'd prepare
  his bath, and bathe Everett, up until he went off to military school at thirteen...he
  always had dinner with her in the kitchen...Everett's mother was dead and his
  father away most of the time, and until he'd gone off to school at fifteen,
  Miss Truncheon had been it...when he'd come home that first vacation, and she
  was gone, off to look after a new charge, there was a hole in Everett's soul. &quot;You're
  a big boy now.&quot; his father had said, ruffling his hair. &quot;Be tough.
  No one respects a sissy.&quot; Everett had done it--highest ranked cadet at
  West Point, medals for valor in Vietnam, a distinguished Foreign Service career,
  and now of course he was a ruthless business man...but it was tiring, being
  in charge all the damn time. Julie's blond hair stroked Everett's cheek, and
  he in took breath. His cock hardened to an intensity he'd never felt in her
  soft fingertips. Everett closed his eyes, and then opened them suddenly, there
  was intense pain on his chest. In astonishment, he found clothespins on his
  nipples.  
Chapter Three  
Julie carefully pushed her spike heel into the tip of Everett's dick...not
  too painful, but somewhat. Everett was lying on his side on the kitchen floor,
  his dick sticking straight out in front of him, and Julie was giving it a poke
  or two...Everett had no discipline! You'd think he did, with all that training.
  It had been six months since Julie had tied Ev to the kitchen stool and teased
  his cock and tortured his nipples with clothespins. After a bit of this, she
  had untied Everett and taken off her clothes, and Everett, still sexually frustrated,
  had licked Julie to&nbsp;two orgasms, before she'd allowed him to stick his
  dick in her again. This nightly cunnilingus before sex &nbsp;had continued
  for a few weeks. Julie had&nbsp;begun demanding longer and longer lapping by
  Everett.  
First there had been the &quot;two orgasm rule&quot; Everett would not be
  allowed to make love to Julie until he'd licked her to two orgasms. She had
  convinced Everett that she couldn't give him oral sex, because blowjobs were
  what whores gave, and Julie was a lady. (It was hard not to laugh telling him
  this, as she'd blown Fernando and his friends Carlos and Zeke the night before. &quot;But
  I do like it when you lick me down there.&quot; she'd said to Everett demurely. &quot;I
  can't make love to you, Everett, unless I'm very excited, and had at least
  two orgasms.&quot;  
&nbsp;When Everett couldn't give her the second orgasm, he dressed and bowed
  and went home some nights, and others Julie would tie him spread eagled to
  the bed and play her nails across his throbbing erection as she whispered sweet
  recriminations in his ear...&quot;Oh Everett, honey...don't you wish you could've
  worked harder down there? You could've squirted right in me...it would've been
  so nice...but now I'll just have to make you think.&quot; This spurred Everett
  to 'work harder' and eventually Julie increased the rule to a preliminary massage
  and three orgasms before Everett was allowed to mount, and after that four
  or five. Often Everett could barely move his jaw the next day, but he was game
  to try, and he knew if he didn't get through the five orgasms, that Julie would
  have to tie him up and make Ev wish he'd worked harder. In a sense, Everett
  enjoyed this, it was a challenge to get his reward...  
Then one night, Julie had gotten her five orgasms, but told Everett that
  he would have to masturbate, as she was tired. Everett looked disappointed,
  but Julie had teased him a bit with her hand, and finally he'd plopped down
  on the floor on his knees and jerked off into a small bowl near the table,
  as to not stain Miss Julie's bedroom carpet. As Everett became more and more
  proficient in giving head, Julie told him that she was going to make screwing
  her more of a treat, and Everett began jerking off every other night that he
  satisfied Julie...and then every five nights.  
&nbsp;This meant that he had to take Julie to five consecutive dinners, and
  then the massage and the hours of licking, before he got his lay...Everett
  wanted to see Julie more and more often, naturally, but she refused to see
  him more than three times a week. &quot;A lady has to rest, you know.&quot; So
  this meant that Everett was getting to screw about once a fortnight, and jerk
  off four times in between. Soon Julie&nbsp; and Everett had a full routine--Everett
  would take Julie to dinner and a play, or a movie, and take her out for ice
  cream, and more often than once in a while, they'd wander over to Tiffany's
  or some nice clothing store, and he'd get her little gifts.  
Once home, Julie would remain dressed, and Everett would be tied to the bed,
  and Julie would stroke Everett's cock for about an hour,&nbsp;scraping her
  long nails up and and around his shaft until Everett was hissing through his
  teeth. Unlike her other submissives, Everett was too stoic to whine and cry
  over his desperation to cum...he'd been torture in Vietnam, and refused to
  give secrets...but it was a challenge...&nbsp;Julie would go on til Ev was
  humping her hand,&nbsp;&nbsp;before untying him and getting her massage, and
  hours of oral sex...then Julie would tie Everett again, and tease him a bit
  more, before allowing him to jerk off into a bowl. Sex was on special occasions
  like Valentine's Day,and perhaps Everett's birthday.  
Then one night, when it was about time for Everett to get his masturbation
  time, Julie looked at him. There was no excuse not to let Everett jerk off,
  he'd taken her to Morton's, then dancing, they'd gone on a helicopter ride
  that weekend&hellip;but she didn't feel he needed relief. Even if he had treated
  Julie to a spectacular massage and an intense six orgasms&hellip;how would
  she breach it? "Everett, I want to test your strength&hellip;why don't you
  not jerk off tonight&hellip;? Show me, for once, that you can just give ME
  a great night&hellip;do you think you're up to it?" There had been few tests,
  academic, athletic or military, that Everett had not been able to pass, and
  he'd manfully dropped his cock, and lay down behind Julie's beautiful naked
  body to sleep. She had immediately spooned him, her full buttocks rubbing sensually
  against his near bursting penis, but they'd finally gone peacefully to sleep.
  Julie had awakened Everett in the morning, by twiddling his cock with a fingernail,
  but when he'd reached down to grab it, she'd slapped his face, hard, and said "Did
  I give you permission, you bad boy?"  
After this, Everett had had to do lots of different things in order to impress
  Julie&hellip;and then she would allow him to jerk off&hellip;or she'd play
  her toes around his cock til he spurted, and then cleaned her foot off&hellip;or
  once in a blue moon, Everett would get laid. Julie instructed Everett&hellip;she
  let him screw her when he'd given her a platinum card on his account, spent
  the day helping her move, and taken her skiing. Supervised masturbation was
  a privilege for things like watching Everett do fifty jumping jacks AFTER he'd
  massaged and licked Julie to her five orgasms. Sometimes she'd ask him to wash
  her car, or jerk off in front of an open window. One day she'd said to Everett,
  without smiling. "Tonight if you want to squirt that wee-wee of yours, you'll
  do it in front of my boyfriend." And Everett had knelt in front of the type
  of kid he'd always despised, a long haired punk in baggy pants with a pierced
  lip&hellip;the kid sat next to Julie, who was stunning as always in her denim
  jumper. Naked, Everett had rubbed his fingers up and down his penis&hellip;now
  and then, the boyfriend, Slim, would tell him "slow down, old man, do you have
  to cum this minute" and then Julie would order Ev to put his hands behind his
  back and wait til she let him jerk it again&hellip;but it had been a wonderfully
  humiliating and satisfying orgasm when Everett had finally gotten release.  
&nbsp;At some point,&nbsp; though, Julie noticed that sometimes Everett was
  not as excited as others...when she was teasing him. It turned out that Everett
  had been masturbating at home. This had to stop. Julie made Everett promise
  that he could only cum with her permission. This made her giggle, having the
  guy promise Julie this. A few months before, he'd been footloose and fancy
  free. Everett was not a freak like some of the guys who paid Julie; he'd been
  quite the cocksman around town with a variety of cuties, younger and often
  prettier than Julie herself...and now he was giving Julie gifts of jewels and
  money, seeing Julie exclusively...and promising not to even jerk off when he
  was away from her...and of course Julie had lots of boyfriends! But now and
  then Everett gave in to his baser desires as he did tongiht, when Julie realized
  he'd jerked off once again...she had Ev bound, with his penis under her heel,
  and she was confronting him.  
&quot;What's the deal, Everett?&quot; Julie pushed her spike heel deeper
  into Everett's glans. "Why can't you control yourself.?" It was funny, Julie
  thought, stifling a giggle&hellip;when she met Everett, he was the man about
  town, squiring around models ten to fifteen years younger than she was&hellip;no
  one in the world would tell him what to do&hellip;and now she had him completely
  faithful, giving her all sorts of dinner and gifts&hellip;he hadn't fucked
  her in five weeks, and hadn't cum in two! And here he was naked, on his side,
  with her heel poked into the tip of his cock. Julie stamped it a few times,
  treating the cock as if it were a lit cigarette she was trying to stamp out.
  In spite of Everett having jerked off in her bathroom that afternoon&mdash;she'd
  found the sticky Kleenex, and also in spite of the fact that the heel was quite
  painful&hellip;Everett's cock was bulging, stiff, and slick with pre-ejaculate. "Everett,
  I'm disappointed in you. You've been a military school boy, an Eagle Scout,
  a colonel in the Army&hellip;you can't keep your word?"  
Everett spoke slowly, his head lying on the linoleum of the kitchen floor.
  He spoke evenly as if he was unaware that a beautiful blond woman in a white
  angora sweater and leather miniskirt was dancing up and down on his dick with
  her heel. "Miss Julie&hellip;I try..but it's been ten days since I had an orgasm,
  ma'am&hellip;You tease me constantly, rubbing up and down on my penis&mdash;don't
  think I don't enjoy it, but it's so pressurizing&hellip;and then when we're
  not together, you call me constantly at work and at home, telling me all these&hellip;THINGS." Ev
  was too well bred to go into detail. Julie giggled again, and pushed her heel
  deeper into Everett's glans. It was true, Julie was constantly calling Everett
  on the phone and telling him about how she'd shaved her pussy the night before&hellip;and
  how one or two of her boyfriends had come over and screwed her&hellip;and she'd
  go on and on about the blowjobs she'd given them&hellip;Everett had to understand
  she saw other people, and this was her way of being honest with him. Of course
  she could hear the haggard breathing on the other side of the line, and she'd
  go on about her hard nipples, and how she was fingering them right now&hellip;Ev
  was a a handsome, muscular bronzed man, with power&hellip;he was a black belt,
  and had been a trained boxer&hellip;but right now he looked as if he were a
  calf about to be slain.  
"Everett, I'm so disappointed in you, honey. You have all these Silver Stars
  and Purple Hearts from being tortured in Vietnam and not releasing any information&hellip;and
  you can't take a&hellip;" Julie's voice went into little-girl mode "a little
  cutie-pie telling you about her little clitty." Everett's cock got harder under
  the heel. "Don't' you want to know how I feel? Do you have to jerk yourself
  like a little pervert? When I tell you about how wet I get, and how Sam and
  Jose fuck me hard&hellip;"  
Everett closed his eyes and panted some more. Suddenly Julie put all her
  weight on the heel poking into Everett's glans and he screamed, and the penis
  went soft. "Everett" Julie said regretfully&hellip;"I think it's time we talked
  about stronger measures to keep you pure&hellip;have you ever heard of a chastity
  belt?"  
END OF PART ONE  
JULIE'S TRIUMPH PART TWO  
 Chapter One  
Everett opened the closet door very softly, and crawled out on his hands
  and knees towards the bedroom door. He looked quite unlikely in this pose,
  a muscled aristocratic looking fellow with a military Number One crewcut crawling
  on the floor in a pair of diapers. Everett had commanded cadet troops at Pershing
  Military Academy as a sixteen year old, then at West Point, before spending
  twenty-five years as a military officer and consultant, and now president of
  his own company, a firm known for rapacious corporate takeovers and tough deals&hellip;Ev
  was feared in the military and business communities.  
After Everett got through the door without waking the occupants of the bed,
  he got up, and went to the bathroom before he remembered that the door was
  locked, as was the lock on his diaper. Wincing, Everett let loose, crapping
  in his pants. He hoped Julie, his lovely wife of one year, would be kind enough
  to change his nappies before eleven o'clock. The last rash Ev had suffered
  had been a nasty one. Everett went into the kitchen and began preparing coffee
  and rolls for Julie and Rajul, the man she'd brought home from the club the
  night before.  
Ev grunted. Although Everett would do anything his lovely wife commanded,
  he had been astonished at how quickly This Negro fellow&mdash;no, black&mdash;no
  they're called African Americans now, of course. The man's black. Everett shook
  his head. He just couldn't believe how quickly this black man had adjusted
  to being Everett's master for the evening. Everett was certainly used to the
  drill. Julie would bring some lowlife in disgusting clubbing clothes and long
  hair back to the house, and Everett would come out, naked except for his plastic
  banana shaped chastity tube, which fit neatly over his penis, with a metal
  strap around the back of Ev's testicles.  
 Then Julie would introduce the astonished fellow to Everett, and promise
  untold antics in bed, if the guy would help her dominate her slave for an hour
  or two. Everett weighed two hundred and forty pounds, every inch of it muscle,
  and perhaps was a bit frightening looking&hellip;several of these fellows had
  regretfully declined, with one last wistful glimpse at Julie's breasts, before
  leaving&hellip;Ev liked it when this happened, because then it was he and Julie
  for the evening. She would then have a little session with Everett herself,
  going over the house to see how much cleaning he'd done while she was dancing
  with her friends at the Raindrop or the Sombrero club, and discipline Everett
  accordingly, usually fifty with the hairbrush on Everett's bare bottom, his
  chastity tube pressing into her soft thighs, and then another thirty-five with
  a razor strop as Everett lay over the armrest of the couch, followed by twenty
  with the bamboo cane Ev had brought back from Thailand.  
 Julie often complimented Everett on not making any sound, no matter how
  vicious the whipping was or how many frighteningly reddish purple welts jumped
  up on Everett's bottom cheeks and lower thighs. After this, Julie would take
  Everett to her bed, after cleaning off his corporal punishment wounds of course&hellip;these
  welts and blisters could bleed a bit, and tie him spread eagled, his arms and
  legs splayed across the bed, in four point restraints against the bed posts.
  Then Julie would undo a few buttons on her blouse, so Everett could view a
  bit of cleavage, or if she was in an especially good mood, she'd strip to bra
  and panties&hellip;Everett paid Julie's account at Victoria's Secret, but usually
  he didn't get to see her underwear as often as her boyfriends did, and almost
  never did Everett see Julie completely naked. When Ev performed oral sex on
  Julie, or assisted her in the bath, Julie always wore her bra or a bikini top,
  as she said Everett couldn't "handle" too much of a good thing. This was tough
  for Everett, but he treated his wife like a lady&hellip;and would do whatever
  she liked out of respect.  
Then Julie, either with unbuttoned blouse or lacy bra and panties, would
  unlock Everett's plastic chastity tube, and set it aside, and begin playing
  with Everett's penis and testicles, taking her time, of course. First was the "dry
  massage" where Julie would just rub her hands all over Ev's genitals, very
  lightly. Everett liked watching Julie's long nails playing along his stiffening
  shaft, scraping lightly around the glans before tiptoeing back down to the
  scrotum. Julie's hands were incredibly soft and this was so comforting to Everett,
  in spite of his sexual frustration&hellip;she never did housework, he looked
  after that department, and used special creams to keep her hands looking like
  a sixteen year olds.  
After a half hour of the dry massage, Julie would squirt some lubricant on
  her palms, and begin the "wet tease" This went on for an hour or two, and was
  less complex than the dry&hellip;Julie would grip Everett's cock at the base
  and rub up and down it, while massaging even more oil into his engorged testicles
  (As Everett did not cum often, his balls were usually quite full of unused
  backed-up semen.) This would go on for an hour or so, Everett bucking and thrusting
  against Julie's energetic fingers, his tongue in his teeth and his eyes closed,
  except of course when he was staring at bouncing breasts in the tight-fitting
  brassiere. Julie's general motion was ten quick rubs with her circled fingers,
  and then ten very slow pulls up and down Everett's purple-thrusting cock.  
It was Everett's responsibility, to keep from cumming during these sessions&hellip;Everett
  had very occasional masturbation times when he was allowed to jerk himself
  into a shot glass and drink up the spooge (and it was fifty with the strap
  if the sperm missed the glass and hit the carpet) But Everett must never, never
  finish in Julie's hand. He was in diapers this morning for just that offense&hellip;Ev
  had come involuntarily in Julie's hand during a six-hour tease last Wednesday,
  and had earned himself a fortnight in the diaper, whenever of course, he wasn't
  at work&hellip;.Generally Everett could hold back his release&hellip;Julie
  would go through the "wet tease" for quite some time&hellip;  
Finally Julie would stop, Everett was a stoic fellow, but quite often he
  would entreat her to continue just a little longer "even if I can't have a
  release, ma'am&hellip;" Julie would then go to the kitchen, and get an ice
  cube, and rub Everett's penis down&mdash;and what a sensation it was against
  the cold lubricant!&mdash;until it was small again. And then Julie would replace
  the plastic tube, after she'd washed it out a bit. After this, Julie would
  strip to just her bra, and Everett, untied but locked up again, would give
  Julie a long, comforting massage, and then an hour or so of cunnilingus. And
  then Everett, if he'd brought his Mistress to the required five orgasms, would
  be allowed to climb into the bed, and Julie would fall asleep, a kitten in
  his strong arms. Otherwise, he slept in the closet. Everett felt wonderful
  during these nights together&mdash;Julie snuggling against his broad chest&mdash;he
  felt she really loved him, though her loyalty disintegrated when there was
  any other man in the picture.  
This was Saturday night for them when Julie came home alone&hellip;but more
  often then not, Julie would bring home a guy&hellip;and then Everett would "get
  it" Julie would ask the guy to give Everett a few with the cane or the strop,
  promising the guy a blowjob if he could make Everett cry&hellip;no one had
  gotten a blowjob yet, Ev thought with pride. He had learned to take pain in
  silence from his governess, Miss Truncheon, forty years before.  
After this, Julie would remove Ev's plastic tube, and cuff his hands behind
  his back, give herself and the guy crops, and set up clothespins along the
  ridges of Everett's cock, balls, stomach and nipples and she and the young
  man (they were all young, averaging about twenty-five) would take turns knocking
  the painful wooden clamps off Ev as he stood at attention with his legs apart,
  to give the crop-swingers good aim.  
 It hurt Everett so much to see these slime balls with Julie, and he just
  couldn't understand why they couldn't have every Saturday night together, just
  the two of them. Usually, it took every ounce of self-control to keep from
  kicking the hell out of these guys&hellip;After the clothespin torture, Julie
  would often cuff Everett to an eye hook in their basement dungeon that had
  been installed in Everett's house after their marriage three years before.
  Everett found it horribly humiliating when Julie and whoever her Saturday night
  number was would take turns whipping his bare ass and thighs with belts and
  switches as he hung helplessly from the ceiling. Everett would be then taken
  down and put in the bedroom closet to enjoy the spectacle of his wife screwing
  a club boy&hellip;  
This morning, Everett carried the breakfast tray, laden with cut melon, omelets,
  croissants, coffee and orange juice, into the bedroom, where he set it on a
  tray. Rajul was lying with his long black arm across Julie's chest, and both
  were snoring. Everett was disgusted. If he'd had Rajul in his troops during
  the Vietnam or Desert Storm, this bum would have spent most of his duty scrubbing
  latrines. What an attitude&hellip;and drugs. The fellow actually smoked marijuana
  with Everett's precious Julie&hellip;his beautiful wife. But now Everett had
  his duty to do, and he'd better do it damn well. Everett shook Julie awake
  gently.  
 "Miss Julie?" Ev whispered. "It's ten o'clock." Julie's lovely cat-like
  green eyes opened, fluttering lashes, and she smiled, reaching up to touch
  Everett's cheek. "Good morning, darling&hellip;how was it in the closet last
  night?" Julie smiled and stretched, but was careful not to wake Rajul just
  yet. "It was fine, ma'am&hellip;" Ev said, although his back and shoulders
  ached from sleeping on the wardrobe floor. "I hope you and&hellip;" Julie smiled "Master
  Rajul?" she said lightly. Everett winced. "Master Rajul, yes, I hope you and
  Master Rajul slept well last night&hellip;if you're ready, I'd like to give
  you your morning tribute." Julie nodded, smiling sleepily, and Everett crawled
  onto the bed and under the covers, moving his head between Julie's legs. "Wha-whassup?" Rajul
  began stirring. "Don't worry, Rajul. Diaper-boy is just going to give me my
  morning tribute."  
Everett began licking between Julie's legs. At first it was disgusting&mdash;he
  had to clean all of Rajul's blasted semen out of her clitoris, cleaning it
  thoroughly with his tongue. It had been hard the first time Ev had had to swallow
  another man's semen from his wife's vagina, but he was learning the trick fairly
  well. After Ev had cleaned out the semen from Julie's pussy, which he'd trimmed
  the previous evening, just before she went to the Purple Sombrero, and then
  Everett pushed his head right in deeper, and licked her to her three morning
  orgasms before she shoved his head back. "That's good, sweetheart." Julie smiled. "Now
  you can go clean up the kitchen while Raj and I have our tray here&hellip;" Rajul
  looked at Everett as Ev pulled his grizzled head out from under the covers. "Why
  not me?" Rajul looked at Julie, annoyed. "Why not you what, Rajul?"Julie asked. "Why
  he don't give me a tri-bute, Julie? Mah dick could use a lickin, couldn't it?
  You said I was his Master."  
Everett was revolted. Certainly Julie would throw this imbecile out now&hellip;after
  all that had gone on last night, and this spear chucker wanted homosexual relations?
  Ev waited for Julie to set Rajul straight. But Julie looked at Rajul, and then
  at Everett, and smiled. "Why not? It's about time for your first blowjob, Ev&hellip;we've
  taken you through everything else, haven't we?"  
Chapter Two  
"N-no, I can't, Miss Julie." Everett was trembling. He'd put up with so much
  in the last five years. After Julie had introduced Ev to his new role, she'd
  stopped letting him have sex with her entirely, after they'd consummated their
  marriage on her wedding night. Ev was allowed to have an orgasm about once
  every six to eight weeks, with his hand, on his knees&hellip;and he accepted
  this, and his roster of housework, and the corporal punishment&hellip;he had
  to admit he liked the teasing and denial, and enjoyed having pressure taken
  off him after a day of hostile takeovers and firing bad salesmen. Being Julie's
  submissive had been good for the grizzled old ex-colonel. But this&hellip;this
  was disgusting. Everett couldn't suck a penis, much less a black man's penis.
  No. It just wouldn't work out. "I'm sorry, Miss Julie, it's just too much." Ev
  was about to climb off the bed, when Julie's soft hand touched his arm.  
"Everett?" Julie smiled coquettishly. "Darling, Mommy would never make you
  do something she didn't think you were up to&hellip;" Everett shook his head
  vigorously. "It's not that I'm not up to it, ma'am. I just&hellip;it's disgusting." Rajul
  looked at Ev in a rage, but he stayed where he was. Rajul weighed about one
  hundred thirty-five pounds, and was rather spindly from a diet of drugs, potato
  salad and 40-ouncers of King Cobra Malt. He was still a bit nervous about having
  given this frightening bodybuilder-Army guy a whipping the night before&hellip;and
  he certainly wasn't going to push this suggestion. Julie kept smiling at Everett. "Honey&hellip;after
  all I do for you&hellip;I know you want to please Miss Julie, don't you?" Everett's
  eyes watered. "And I know" Julie said pleasantly, "That you don't want to wear
  that wet, shitty diaper all day, do you sweetheart?"  
Everett was not sure how it happened, but within five minutes, he was kneeling
  between Rajul's legs, as Raj sat on the edge of the bed. Rajul had gained courage
  now, though he wondered what it was with these crazy white men. If a bitch
  told him to do that to another brother, Raj would shoot both of them into next
  week. Rajul laced his fingers on the back of Everett's head, and began pushing
  Ev's head closer, as Ev's mouth opened wider, and Rajul's cock sank deep in
  Ev's mouth. Julie, ever helpful, leaned over the bed in her adorable sky blue
  teddy and gave casual instruction. "That's right, Everett. Open wide. WIDE.
  There you go, now&mdash;no, don't cough, that's not a turn on for Rajul. Try
  to lick the underside of his cock with your tongue, I remember that worked
  well during my first blowjob back in tenth grade. I remember Sally Russell
  demonstrated with a banana&hellip;take it in, Everett, lick the bottom&hellip;you're
  doing so well!"  
Everett's eyes watered more, and sweat poured down his brow, as Rajul jammed
  his cock in and out of Everett's mouth. Looking up, he could see Julie's amused
  face peering over the side of the bed. Everett tried to concentrate&mdash;"OW!" Rajul
  pulled his cock out of Everett's mouth. "What's wrong, honey?" Julie asked
  Raj sympathetically. "That motherfucker bit me!" Rajul screamed. Julie looked
  over at Everett, who was cowering and apologizing "It was an accident&hellip;" Julie
  shook her head and smiled. "Sweetheart, I think you need more training."  
Chapter Three  
It was such a struggle for Everett to maintain his chastity. This, of course
  is why he wore the stifling, banana shaped tube. Yet, the reason his orgasms
  were so far apart was partially because of Ev's pride. Julie had first put
  the chastity tube on Everett five years before, when she became concerned that
  he was masturbating between their times together. This was understandable,
  considering that Julie only let Ev screw her every once in a while, and occasionally
  let him masturbate after an evening of wining, dining, massaging and orally
  servicing her. Everett thought masturbation a disgusting habit, Miss Truncheon
  his governess had always said so&hellip;and punished him rightly for it.  
And Ev had never really needed to jerk himself off. He'd never been short
  of dates&hellip;even in the all-male bastions of military school and West Point,
  there'd always been a housemaid or two. Julie was sending a double message,
  with teasing Everett beyond belief during their dates, and then sending him
  home frustrated&hellip;calling Ev at work to talk dirty to him&hellip;and then
  demanding he stay pure. How could he? Thinking of her gorgeous cleavage, 40
  DD breasts with nipples poking through near transparent pink sweaters, her
  long legs emerging from tight skirts&hellip;and Julie usually wore seamed stockings
  or sometimes fishnets, and mile-high spike heels&mdash;she knew Everett loved
  that.  
Of course it was hell trying to stay celibate after an evening of necking
  with Julie. Everett got quite horny having her play with his crotch or even
  suffering being tied down by Julie and stroked for hours. Julie's nails would
  bring Everett's cock head to new and different colors&hellip;once she had painted
  her nails a magenta color, and observed that Everett's glans had changed to
  the same color! When Everett got too excited, often Julie would snap a nail
  against his glans&hellip;and the nails never broke because they weren't press-ons,
  they were real. After several hours of long, tormenting strokes, Julie would
  untie Everett and ask him to dress and leave&hellip;and how could he help jerking
  off after that&mdash;in the car, back at home, in his private lavatory at work&hellip;thinking
  of that incredible girl!  
So Julie had finally put Ev in a chastity device&mdash;nothing else had worked.
  She'd tried whipping his penis with a coat hanger, cuffing Ev's genitals to
  a blistering space heater, and pushing his flaccid ball sac between a door
  and its hinges, and opening and shutting the door rapidly. Julie had cuffed
  Ev to the ceiling eye hook and tied a bucket to his cock and balls, filling
  it now and then with water until it nearly pulled his genitals to the ground&hellip; She'd
  put Ben-Gay and hot peppers on a Q-tip and stuck it in the little snake eye
  of the glans, thrown darts at Ev's wee-wee, and forced Ev to sit for several
  hours in an ice-cube filled bathtub.  
But finally the tube was placed on Everett's dick, and Julie kept the key
  to the little lock. When Everett had to go abroad, or anywhere where he'd be
  exposed to a metal detector, Julie would replace the tiny padlock binding his
  sheath with a plastic garbage bag tie thing&hellip;if she found it snapped
  open when Ev came back, he was in for more cock and ball torture. And this
  plan worked. Everett had not had an unauthorized orgasm after that. Usually
  once a week or so, after four or five nights of teasing (Julie had moved in
  Everett's place by now) Julie would unlock Everett's tube and let him release
  himself into a dish&hellip;the days of sex were over between them, it seemed,
  and with all Ev had gone through with the groin torture, he was appreciative
  of the occasional jerk-off.  
It was certainly difficult, being tied and teased nearly all the time, being
  teased in front of the television set&hellip;Ev would be cuffed naked on the
  couch as Julie stroked his penis mercilessly during the shows&hellip;then she
  would quiz Ev on the plots, and if he couldn't answer correctly, over her knee
  he went! Everett had never been good at memorizations&hellip;he'd had trouble
  with Miss Truncheon, his governess over this, and her urgings were similar
  to Julie's&hellip;While most of the younger kids in the neighborhood would
  watch "Bonanza" or "I Love Lucy" in the evenings, and older boys were driving
  around with their girls in convertibles, Miss Truncheon had believed that Everett
  was destined for higher things. Everett spent much of his leisure time from
  age ten on, memorizing the Old Testament, which Miss Truncheon believed was
  so important for a young man's formation. But Ev's governess, like his lovely
  wife later on, had little patience for a bad memory. Every Friday night, Everett
  would recite the verses that he'd learned throughout the week, when not studying
  or participating in school athletics&hellip;and unlike most teenage boys, Everett
  feared and loathed Friday nights.  
 " How hath the Lord covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in his anger," recited
  Everett one night in his fourteenth year, as Miss Truncheon was taking him
  through the book of Lamentations. She made him stand right in front of her
  while he recited, and often it could take some time.  
 As he spoke, Everett held a spool of yarn between his hands that his beloved
  governess was rolling into a ball. "&hellip; and cast down from heaven unto
  the earth the beauty of Israel, and remembered not his footstool in the day
  of his anger!" Miss Truncheon nodded encouragingly. Everett was dressed in
  his "weekend play clothes", a sailor suit with Donald Duck beret, blue shorts,
  high white socks and saddle shoes. During the week, Miss Truncheon made Ev
  wear a blazer and tie to school, which was humiliating enough, but at home
  at night and on the weekends, Miss Truncheon made Ev dress as he had when he
  was four&mdash;and it kept him tractable, she felt. Already that evening, one
  of Ev's cousins had come by, asking if Everett could go play pool with him
  and his friends, and because Ev was in his sailor suit, he was too embarrassed
  to come to the door, and Miss Truncheon was able to get that naughty cousin
  away.  
 "Continue to recite, Everett." Miss Truncheon said encouragingly. " The
  Lord hath swallowed up all the&hellip;" Everett paused. He couldn't remember. "all
  the&hellip;" Everett stared at Miss Truncheon, who was looking perturbed. "Everett,
  what's wrong?" she asked in an annoyed voice. "Haven't you been studying this
  week?" Miss Truncheon was in her forties, but still looked like the runway
  model she had once been, in spite of her dark blue sweater and skirt outfit.
  As she breathed in impatiently, her chest strained against the low cut sweater,
  and Everett tried not to look, as it was distracting him terribly. "Please,
  please give me a hint, Miss Truncheon," Ev begged.  
 Miss Truncheon smiled. "Well, all right&hellip;but it's a trade&hellip;you
  have to give me one of your shoes." Everett's heart sank. He knew where this
  was going. Ev put down the yarn carefully, and untied one of his shoes, and
  handed it to Miss Truncheon. She smiled grimly and gave him a word "Habitations, " Everett
  continued. " The-the Lord hath swallowed up all the habitations of Jacob, and&hellip;have&mdash;" "No!" Miss
  Truncheon stood up and slapped Everett's face.  
 "Did you memorize or not this week, young man?" Miss Truncheon was only
  five six, and Everett was a strapping six two, but from the frightened look
  on his face, it seemed as if he were only two or three inches tall. "The-the
  Lord hath swallowed up all the habits---" "HABITATIONS!" Miss Everett screamed. "I
  gave you that word already, Everett! Take off your other shoe and your socks,
  sir!" Tears came into Everett's eyes as he removed his other shoe and his socks,
  handing them to Miss Truncheon. Usually if he missed a word, he only had to
  give Miss Truncheon one piece of clothing, but she was very angry tonight. "Now
  continue&hellip;and be very careful, sir." Miss Truncheon laid her hand on
  Everett's arm and gazed into his eyes. Everett knew that she was very angry
  if she referred to him as "sir." Suddenly a few of the words came to him.  
"&hellip; habitations of Jacob, and hath not pitied: he hath thrown down
  in his&mdash;in his&hellip;" Everett was stuck again. How was he supposed to
  memorize an entire book of the Old Testament along with school and everything
  else?" "Everett, take off your short pants." Everett sighed, and removed his
  sailor suit pants, and handed them to Miss Truncheon, who threw them on the
  floor impatiently. Now Everett was wearing his sailor hat, his sailor top,
  and a small pair of white underpants. They called his underwear "tighty whities" in
  the school locker room, but Miss Truncheon refused to buy Ev boxer shorts,
  saying they were obscene. "The word is wrath, Everett." "wrath the strong holds
  of the daughter of Judge&mdash;"  
Everett felt Miss Truncheon pinch his inner thigh. "The word is Judah, not
  JUDGE!" Miss Truncheon screamed. "Your hat and sailor shit, sir." Everett removed
  his Donald Duck hat, and his sailor shirt, and handed them to Miss Truncheon.
  Now the school's star quarterback, and captain of the baseball, track and wrestling
  teams was standing in front of his governess wearing only a pair of "tighty
  whities" "wrath the strong holds of the daughters of Judah; he hath brought
  them down to the ground: he hath polluted the kingdom and&hellip;" Everett's
  lower lip came out, and he began looking very sad. "Is that all you can remember,
  dear?" Miss Truncheon asked softly. "Y-yes ma'am." Miss Truncheon held out
  her hand, and Everett pulled his underpants off and handed them to her, and
  then the star quarterback burst into tears and walked over to the arm of the
  couch and bent over it, his bare bottom sticking out prominently, as his governess
  went to fetch her hairbrush, her razor strop and her Malacca cane. "Obviously
  you need some incentive to study, my boy&hellip;"  
Forty years later, the situation was the same, though he was now expected
  to memorize the plots and scripts of "Law and Order," and "Boomtown", and Julie
  used a Spencer paddle and a scourge&hellip;but the evenings were the same,
  and his memorization was still terrible.  
In the mornings, after Ev brought Julie breakfast, she would tie him down
  and tease a bit more&hellip;and then lock him up and send him off to work&hellip;and
  work was a changed place when your dick was locked down&hellip;every passing
  20 year old file clerk caused horrible spasms to Ev's breadbasket. And of course
  Ev's office was filled with clerks and secretaries in clinging blouses, teased
  blonde hair, and miniscule skirts. He'd hired most of them from Texas, his
  home state, and that's how the girls were there.  
But once a week he had an opportunity to orgasm, sometimes if Julie was in
  an extraordinarily good mood, she'd bring Ev off with her high heels&hellip;but
  the jerk off time was always there, until Everett's pride got him. One night
  Julie and Everett were out to dinner with friends of hers, Daphne and Tom Marlin.
  The Marlins had a very similar relationship to Julie and Evs, except that Daph,
  a pert redhead, kept Tom locked up for two to four weeks, and was considering
  giving her husband a release date of once every two months.  
 "Daphne feels that I'm only spoiling her because of my orgasm" Tom had said,
  with a regretful smile. "I want her to understand that earning my orgasm is
  a distant second to how I feel about her. and I think I'm ready for less orgasms
  now." Daphne had stroked Tom's cheek with a pink nail, as her husband shifted
  somewhat uncomfortably in his chair&hellip;Everett guessed that it had been
  a while since Tom had had a release, and so every touch by his strawberry blonde
  partner was probably quite uncomfortable to his bulging, unfulfilled erection.
  After touching Tom's cheek, Daph had dropped her hand to the inside of Tom's
  thigh, at which time he rolled his eyes a bit in frustrated consternation. "What
  a man, huh, Julie?" Daphne chuckled. "He'll go through anything for me." Julie
  had smiled as well, and squeezed Tom's hand, and Everett had taken all this
  rather badly.  
At home, he'd broached the subject with his now-newlywed wife. "Dear, I think
  I could be like Tom. I have endurance." "What do you mean?" Julie had asked
  pleasantly, pretending she didn't know what Everett was talking about. At the
  time of their conversation, Everett was tied upside down on a large torture
  wheel on their dungeon wall, Julie was stroking his dick and blowing on the
  head. which she could do standing up, as of course the dick was facing her.
  My God, he's a tall man, she thought, stroking the inside of Everett's thigh. "Honey,
  I want you to know that it isn't about my orgasm as well. though I love my
  masturbation times." It was difficult for Everett to speak, as the blood was
  all rushing to his head, except of course the blood flowing through his dick
  as Julie's cherry-red fingernails twiddled the shaft. At one point, Julie had
  leaned over and licked Everett's ball sac, something she'd never done, and
  Everett's entire body shook from desire. Everett was panting heavily. "Are
  you sure you could go on Tom's regimen?" Julie looked down at Everett's red,
  sweating face. "After all, he did a lot of work with the Peace Corps in Ghana
  before coming to DC to work for The Americans for Democrat Action."  
This enraged the ultraconservative Everett, as Julie had known it would.
  Like Ike Eisenhower, there was no challenge too big for her guy, it seemed. "I
  can damn well do it!" Everett stated hotly, and Julie leaned over and pushed
  a lever that pulled Everett's head up and his legs down. Now he looked quite
  ridiculous, tied to the wheel like this with his poor cock sticking straight
  out. Julie leaned her arm down and began stroking slowly. "You know, baby&hellip;it
  took Daphne and Tom a long time to get to this point." Julie had said. At this
  point, they'd only been experimenting with chastity for eight months. "I think
  that Tom got a weekly orgasm for nearly two or three years, then it went to
  biweekly&mdash;" Everett snorted. "I can go from weekly to monthly right now!" He
  looked terribly firm, really just like Dwight Eisenhower, Julie considered.  
END OF PART TWO  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





