BDSM Library - Punishment 2015




Punishment 2015
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Punishment for a crime is different in 2015. Punishment of a young man at the hands of beautiful female correction officers.Punishment 2015   
Stephen  
"It couldn't be&hellip; and yet for a brief moment I thought it was. The
  girl I had dreamed about&hellip;the girl that had figured in my every erotic
  fantasy.  
At school she had been head girl; three years above me and probably a million
  light years away from ever looking my way. Head girls don't talk to lowly 5 th  .
  Graders, I wonder if in fact if they ever see them?  
Not that I am not worthy of a look. Even though I would never say it through
  modesty, I am good looking although only five feet eight inches tall. I have
  a slim athletic body, good bone structure with brown eyes and straight thick
  dark brown hair. I think I was popular with the girl's because somehow they
  felt I was non-threatening and could be handled easily.  
At school I always seemed to be the first choice when circumstance dictated
  that the girl did the asking&hellip; always first on the party list&hellip; first
  to be asked by the pretty and flirtatious faces of the girls in my year&hellip; "Come
  and sit with us"&hellip; "There's room here", "You going to the dance, Steve?" etc.
  I rarely refused an invitation and enjoyed my popularity, but the Holy Grail
  in the personage of Debbie Pearson&hellip; was always out of my reach.  
It's been a year since I left school and started my accountancy training
  and she was still on my mind. Instantly recognizable! The same beautiful natural
  ash blonde hair, tied neatly back with a subtle tiny black bow. Her face, still
  as neatly featured as I had remembered, with those wonderful green eyes, the
  colour and the depth of the world's most exquisite emeralds. Her teeth the
  same perfect white, framed by the most exquisite lips. Her figure, slender
  and lithe, with wonderfully firm breasts, narrow waist and perfectly proportioned
  tanned legs that seem to go on forever. I remembered all this and yet I had
  seen her, or thought I had seen her, for a mere instance&hellip; just a glimpse
  as she was reflected many times before becoming a pale image in the heavy toughened
  glass of the security counter.  
I felt the blood rush to my face. I wanted to flee, to run away&hellip; nearly
  an adult of nineteen years old&hellip; and I really wanted to run.  
Surely it could not be!  
That she worked here?  
I shivered, feeling my cheeks burn and my throat constrict. I could not,
  simply could not, endure the shame if it were true. I collected my senses.
  Of course it was an illusion&hellip; a mere culmination of my trauma of the
  morning. Of course that was exactly what it was!  
The court had been as bad as I had feared. I was spared nothing, nor I admit
  had I deserved to have been.  
Driving with in excess of 20mg. of alcohol in breath.   
Statute 20/92 of The Driving Code.   
Made law on October 23 2015. 'Any person found in charge of a vehicle
      with&hellip;'   
I had read the charge through many times as I sat in the waiting room. Basically
  since October, one bottle of beer would put an average weight man near the
  limit that he could legally drive a car. The new limit had been in operation
  for four days when I had been caught by the two female police officers in the
  police car.  
I could think of no mitigation to offer the court. Eventually I was called.
  The attractive female court official, her expression, neither condemning nor
  sympathetic, had ushered me into the courtroom. The three female district judges
  bade me stand up while the prosecuting lawyer read the charge. I watched her
  walk towards the middle of the court so that she could point to me and still
  face the panelled dais where the judges sat, their ornate wooden benches, hiding
  all but their heads and shoulders.  
"Stephen Woodrow Ryder. You have been charged with driving with in excess
  of 20mg. of alcohol in breath. How do you plead?"  
I had looked at the judges. The middle of the three, probably thirty five
  years old; her suit immaculately tailored, her hair swept back into a neat
  bun, looked at me questioningly as I stood before the court, shamefaced and
  trembling.  
"Guilty, Ma'am"  
The lady to her right, her black hair shining under the strong lights, had
  pursed her red lips into a thoughtful expression before speaking. "You have
  no legal representation; do you wish the court to appoint someone?"  
I managed to stammer a reply.  
I am guilty er Ma'am.. er I have no er&hellip; defence."  
She looked me in the eye.  
"What do you have to say for yourself?"  
"I have nothing to say Ma'am."  
"You are not even sorry?" Her sardonic expression was accented by one beautiful
  eyebrow raised quizzically as she questioned me.  
I stammered, like the fool I felt. "Oh no, Ma'am&hellip; I er&hellip; mean
  I am most dreadfully sorry. I deserve to be guilty&hellip;er I mean I am guilty
  and most dreadfully sorry." I could not stop myself. I felt tears well up in
  my eyes. I er only had a mile to go&hellip; er and the road is always deserted
  at that time of night&hellip; and I drove so slowly er that the police car
  stopped me&hellip;" I could not stop my tears flowing as I rambled on.  
"I mean to say&hellip; I was a fool&hellip; er an inconsiderate stupid, stupid
  fool. I had no thought for the consequences or who I might have harmed&hellip;and
  no one to blame but myself. I am so, so, so sorry Ma'am."  
I stood silent, I had been a fool and I knew it. I could not help my tears
  I looked down at my feet and waited for the worst, hearing only the clackety
  clack from the machine of the court stenographer.  
 The Lady who was sat at the other side of the senior judge had looked at
  me long and hard while I had been questioned. She was probably in her late
  forties and although attractive, looked as if she did not suffer fools gladly.  
I did not raise my head again to see them leave; I looked to my side, my
  attention drawn by a gentle tug on my sleeve. It was the court officer who
  had first led me in. She had a kindly and concerned expression on her face.
  I was too upset to appreciate the nuance of her look as she whispered to me. "You
  may sit while the judges consider their verdict."  
I can't remember how long I waited. I could not stop crying, I considered
  what would have happed&hellip; had I run someone over&hellip; or hit another
  car&hellip; all the possible outcomes of driving when one's reactions are slowed.  
I was not privy to the deliberations behind the large wooden door that led
  off from the back of the judge's benches.  
*  
Constance Hartman  
She had known, as soon as she saw him, what his fate would be. For Constance,
  his young good looks and slim well-proportioned body were all too few and far
  between in her courtroom. Constance had been a senior judge in the newly termed,
  'Young Offenders Court', for five years. She had served the bench well, enjoying
  the stature of her worthwhile profession and taking pride in her quality decisions
  regarding the future of her young offenders.  
It had been the introduction of the 'Punishment Centers' that had made her
  see a side to herself that she had never in her wildest dreams thought that
  she had possessed.  
She had felt guilty at the thrill that had run through her body the first
  time that they had all been invited to a model and experimental Punishment
  Center in another state.  
She had not dared look at her fellow justices as she had watched a naked
  teenager being soundly strapped by a woman police officer. The image had played
  constantly on her mind&hellip; and even in her sexually oriented dreams. It
  had been a source of excitement to her. The model center had quickly found
  that the effectiveness of center was increased by the use of all female personnel.
  The shame and humiliation of the youth was increased to such an extent that
  many of the more persistent law breakers rarely visited twice.  
For the state the financial benefits had been extraordinarily good. Instead
  of the cost of hundreds of staff to administer probation or run boot camps,
  thirty or so young women could process up to five offenders a day. If too many
  turned up at one time they were left in the basement cells until they could
  be dealt with. The whole process of court to punishment was done in private
  and therefore, a one time offender could be sentenced, takes his punishment
  and have none of his friends or employers know that he had committed any crime.
  This was one of the reasons that offenders were given twenty-eight days to
  attend.  
When the centers had opened within her own jurisdiction, she had been one
  of the first to sentence a young offender to its corporal methods of punishment.  
She had quickly discovered that her delight was heightened only by the good-looking
  young boys as they were being punished.  
Unfortunately the sentenced youth could attend at anytime within a twenty-eight
  day period and as such her visits were often filled with disappointment. It
  was only as she became on personal terms with some of the staff at certain
  centers that they would quietly and with discretion let her know who had arrived;
  or rather what the young boy&hellip; or sometimes girl looked like.  
She stifled her imagination as she looked at her fellow judges. She was quite
  sure that as senior judge her recommendations would be well heeded. Better
  than that, she knew that she was quite adept at sowing the seeds for someone
  else to make the right decision. Constance also had certain knowledge, although
  the subject was never broached&hellip; that her fellow justices also took a
  keen delight in the strapping of a good looking young boy.  
"Well he is pleading guilty; without representation he is at the mercy of
  the court, which is a foolhardy action, brought about I believe, because he
  is full of remorse and intends to not make the same mistake again." She paused. "I
  really do believe that he is full of remorse."  
"Well there is not a lot we can do. I suppose that it is no excuse that the
  limit has only been dropped for four days. I suppose he will be about the first
  to be prosecuted under the new limits."  
"But only one milligram over it, if he had waited and had the sample taken
  in blood, he would have been clear."  
"I know, the arresting officer has stated that he waived his right to wait
  for a doctor and a blood sample, it says he was full of self-guilt and just
  kept saying he was sorry&hellip; but now we have to decide&hellip; the options
  aren't many."  
Constance looked at her companions.  
"Well there aren't any really. I obviously won't send him to jail of course,
  and the probation services are stretched to capacity and are taking on no more
  new cases, so there is only the punishment center. If we defer it to the next
  sessions, they will want to know why&hellip; and what can we tell them&hellip; that
  he was utterly contrite?"  
"I know&hellip; it just seems unfair&hellip; that we get belligerent, obvious
  diehard drinkers that get caught on their thousandth journey, having got away
  with it time and time again&hellip; and of course they will use every ruse...
  including of course delaying things for as long as possible by waiting for
  a doctor, whom they hope will be on another call&hellip;oh well."  
Constance read the pre-court report as she pretended to consider what to
  do. "He is a very unfortunate young man. He lost both parents in a car accident
  last year and has been living in an apartment by himself since then. He has
  no record of any kind and seems to be quite a responsible young man, apart
  from this."  
The dark haired judge spoke, her voice low and thoughtful. "Yes it must have
  been a traumatic year for him, since he lost his parents&hellip; and yet he
  has kept to his work and has not gone off the rails."  
She looked pensive for a moment and then spoke again.  
"There is one thing&hellip; if we were to send him to the one center we all
  know&hellip; if you get my meaning, We could make sure that&hellip; well at
  least afterwards, he would get&hellip; well, erm&hellip; more looked after&hellip; urm
  less traumatic&hellip; do you both think."  
The senior judge looked at her companion, a smile spreading across her face. "Sometimes
  Kate, I think you are heaven sent for this court. Yes of course&hellip;all
  agreed? I will just change the form from any  center to
  Center No. 19"  
*  
Stephen  
I felt a gentle hand on my arm, bidding me to stand up. I did not see the
  kindly look upon officer's face as I stood with shaking legs, as the judges
  re-entered the court.  
I stood as straight as I could, I tried looking at the three female judges
  and then my cowardice took over and I hung my head in shame.  
"Stephen Woodrow Ryder." I looked up as the clear voice of the senior judge
  addressed me. "You are sentenced to attend a punishment center, during the
  next twenty eight days. You must attend within this period or you will be arrested
  and appear before me on a far more serious charge, which will result in your
  loss of freedom for a considerable period of time. You will also not be allowed
  to drive a motor vehicle for a period of nine months from this date and you
  will be bound over for two years. Do you understand?"  
I managed to look at her as I answered. I could not help the trembling of
  my voice as I almost sobbed my reply.  
"Yes Ma'am, thank you Ma'am&hellip; I am er.. most sorry for my stupidity
  Ma'am."  
I hung my head as I heard the prosecuting lawyer speak in a loud voice. "Court
  is adjourned"  
I heard the court officer whisper to me as the judges filed out. "Come with
  me and I will give you your forms. Her voice was kindly and for the life of
  me I couldn't understand why.  
The punishment centers had been existence for over a year now and had been
  designed for a variety of crimes, vandalism, joyriding, petty theft and drink
  driving. They were specifically designed for the juvenile male although on
  odd occasions, for severe or repeat offences girls had been sentenced to attend.
  I knew very little about them and anecdotal hearsay of what punishment, punishment
  centers actually doled out was a closely guarded secret. Offenders who had
  actually visited the centers were not allowed to say what the punishments consisted
  of for fear of being immediately arrested for contempt of court; and the government
  had banned newspapers from speculating on what the punishments might be or
  reporting hearsay from offenders. All that was known was that they were an
  effective method of curbing adolescent crime and that there were very few repeat
  offences.  
I sat at the desk in front of the young court officer, my eyes were still
  full of tears and I still could not repress the odd sob of deep regret as I
  waited. I noticed that she had taken off her uniformed jacket and was wearing
  a white shirt. Her breasts seemed firm as they pressed against the crisp white
  material as she leaned towards me.  
After she had finished sifting the forms and putting them in order she spoke. "If
  you will sign these. Please"  
She handed me a sheaf of forms, which I signed without reading. She took
  them from me, her slender fingers shuffling the papers into a neat pile before
  handing me the top copy.  
 "Take this with you&hellip; you are to attend Center 19 any time within
  the next twenty eight days." I felt sure that she gave me a look of kindness
  and sympathy as I got up and turned to leave. On impulse I turned back to her.
  I looked at the soft expression of sympathy upon her face and although I was
  near to tears again I managed to stammer. "Thank you for your help er.. Miss,
  I am so sorry to have caused so much trouble."  
*  
Constance picked up the telephone as she smiled conspiratorially at her fellow
  judges. "I think a telephone call would be more judicious than a note&hellip; don't
  your think." She laughed at her own pun as she dialled the number.  
"Martha&hellip; oh good&hellip; and you? Yes the same! Yes we have had a
  young man in this morning. I don't want to influence you in any way&hellip; and
  I know the punishment is statutory; but I would ask you to let everyone read
  the court report."  
Constance listened for a short while and then spoke again. "Oh yes&hellip; if
  it had been for more severity I would have put a recommendation on the form."  
She listened again for a few moments and then spoke softly. "Yes&hellip; I
  had not immediately thought of that. Yes I know it could be short notice&hellip; but
  if we are free we will certainly attend. I think that he is so contrite that
  it might even be today, its still early enough&hellip; before twelve isn't
  it?"  
She listened once more and then thanked the woman on the other end of the
  phone.  
*  
I was determined that I should get this whole sorry mess over and done with.
  I returned to my apartment and showered thoroughly. Changing into clean clothes,
  I looked for the address on the form. Offenders must attend BEFORE twelve noon.
  You may be detained overnight. You may bring any medicines that have been properly
  subscribed. You may NOT bring luggage. Forty minutes later I was on my way.
  The cab dropped me off one street away, somehow I think the driver suspected
  where I was heading, but I walked quickly into a florist shop and waited until
  he had departed before making my way to Number 26/28 Arlett Street.  
The building looked like every other government office on the street. It
  did not have a sign other than its number, etched discreetly into a brushed
  chromium plaque set into the wall beside the glass door. The door was framed
  in stainless steel with a broad bar across the front of the glass. The glass
  of the door matched the windows, with its opaque smoked glass, guarding the
  view of the interior from the street.  
So here I was waiting at the business-like counter of Punishment Center 19.
  The glass that had portrayed my apparition of Debbie Pearson, separated me
  from the young girl who spoke into the microphone on her side of the glass.. "Can
  I help you?" Her voice sounded strangely neutral through the small speaker
  that must have been concealed somewhere in the counter surface.  
"Er my name is Steve.. er Stephen Ryder, I have to report here within erm..
  er twenty eight days.. er, so I have come today."  
I felt foolish and embarrassed talking to the young girl behind the counter,
  whom, no doubt, would know the details of my crime.  
She looked no older than seventeen; the cuffs of her crisp white shirt were
  folded back at the sleeve, revealing her slender wrists. She wore a neat stainless
  steel watch on her left wrist and a tiny silver chain adorned the other. Her
  face looked neat and attractive with a minimum of make-up; her appearance was
  slightly studious, no doubt aided by the wire framed spectacles that she was
  wearing.  
"Can I have your form please&hellip; you did bring it with you?" Her voice
  was questioning as she looked at me, her eyes were quite obvious in her interest
  of looking me up and down.  
I fumbled in my jacket pocket and produced the form which I put in the tray
  which was set into the counter and allowed objects to be passed to the other
  side. I slid the form towards her, underneath the glass partition.  
She did not thank me, but read the form for several moments before she extended
  her slender manicured fingers forwards and pressed a button on her counter
  position. "Please wait there and I will send someone out to fetch you. She
  motioned behind me and I looked around to see that there were three chairs
  opposite the counter, the backs of them against the smoked glass of the window.
  For the first time I noticed that because of the light, one could see out of
  the windows, although passers by could not see in. There was a low glass table
  in the centre of the room on which were placed a variety of Government information
  leaflets.  
I took the middle seat and waited;. I mused at my fright on seeing someone
  I thought was Debbie Pearson&hellip; and then I remembered that it could not
  possible have been her. I had often enquired in a quite causal way of old school
  friends what ever happened to so and so, eventually slipping Debbie's name
  into the list of people I enquired about. I had found out by this reasonably
  subtle method, that she had gone on to do nursing. The last time that I had
  enquired I was told that she had qualified and that she was now a theatre nurse,
  having moved to another city, although they couldn't remember where.  
I sat and waited. The young receptionist reappeared several times behind
  the counter but paid me little attention. I was too embarrassed to ask how
  long I would have to wait and instead started thinking about what my punishment
  would be. I had heard of aversion therapy for drink driving and wondered whether
  I would be shown a series of films about the blood and carnage that can be
  caused by drink driving.  
Althea Jones  
Althea Jones had been sixteen when she had joined the court service as an
  assistant to the probation officer. When the Punishment Centers had been first
  planned she had seen the advertisement for staff in the Government employee's
  magazine. Although she had not realised the full import of the new department,
  she had read with interest the prospects of advancement and promotion. The
  one word that had taken her eye from the start had even sent a thrill of excitement
  through her&hellip; the word 'Punishment'.  
It had been a pleasant surprise when she had learned the actualities of the
  center's purpose and methods&hellip; and had been more of a surprise to her
  when she had been promoted to the front counter; the Center's first point of
  contact with offenders. She soon realised that her job was not just looking
  after the first reception of the offender, but that she was playing an integral
  part in the conditioning of the convicted criminal.  
Althea had, for as long as she could remember, known that she was different.
  Not in any outward appearance, other than that she was extremely pretty: but
  in the fact that she liked to dominate boys.  
Her realization had come very early on in her young life. She had seen an
  old illustration in a book in her father's library. It had shown a young woman,
  smartly dressed in epaulette'd uniform, smacking the bared bottom of a young
  teenage boy. His trousers had been pulled down to his ankles and he seemed
  to be screaming furiously as the young lady's hand descended onto the reddened
  cheeks of his bottom.  
She could not recognise the uniform, but the setting seemed to be an official
  place of punishment, she thought that perhaps because of the style and setting
  of the room that it might in a police station. There was no reference to the
  illustration, and as the book was written in German she was unable to read
  the text.  
Time and time again, she had waited until her parents were out and taken
  the book from the shelf to gaze at the illustration.  
She had told no-one of her discovery and had never discussed, even with her
  closest friends, how that vivid illustration had made her feel.  
As she became older she realised that she was indeed different to the rest
  of her girlfriends. Instead of their gushing enthusiasm at being kissed on
  the lips by this boy or that, she had, had an entirely different view of the
  opposite sex.  
Her fantasies involved subjugating boys on every level, including her favourite
  image of taking his trousers down and holding his penis while she spanked his
  bottom.  
She had eventually, after very careful consideration, chosen a boyfriend.
  Not the muscular football player that most girls seemed to favour, but a slim,
  well-proportioned boy, just a year older than herself. Her choice had suited
  her well, although for the boy, the pleasures were at best&hellip; mixed.  
Her first date was planned to perfection. Instead of the movies or dance,
  she had invited him home for the evening while her parents were away overnight.
  She had carefully and expertly teased him, with little and affectionate touches;
  a hand gently caressing his cheek, or her face touching his as she leaned over
  him to pass him a drink.  
The boy had responded, although timidly, by thinking that he could go further.
  It was his first fumbled sexual advance, as he tried to touch her breasts,
  which sealed the relationship.  
She had jumped up as if utterly shocked. Her protests making the boy blush
  nervously and then shake with dear as she threatened to tell not only her parents,
  but also to phone his mother, whom she knew to be exceedingly prim.  
The result was that either he was punished by her or she would tell, embellishing
  the description of his fumbling to that of attempted rape.  
Relieved at first, he had agreed&hellip; only to realise in shock and anguish,
  what the alternative would be.  
It had taken some time, before he realised that her threat was real and serious.
  She had emphasized what the dire consequences of his parents being informed
  would actually mean to him&hellip; and suggested that it was possible that
  the school would find out. It never once occurred to him, that he had been
  cleverly and expertly set-up.  
Althea often smiled to her self at the thought that in reality it had only
  taken an hour and a half from him walking through her front door, to the scene
  she remembered vividly.  
She had made him strip to his under shorts, knowing that it would have taken
  a lot longer to get him to part with them willingly. She had eventually coaxed
  him to lie over her pretty knees. Once in position she had quickly pulled the
  garment down to his thighs, his shock at being bared so intimately had made
  him cling to his position rather than reveal his penis and testicles to her
  gaze.  
The rest had been easy. A hairbrush placed conveniently and innocently beside
  her chair was quickly brought into play. He had cried and gasped with the realisation
  that he was indeed being spanked. The fire in his buttocks had brought him
  to floods of tears as he was relentlessly spanked with the hard-backed brush.  
"What a naughty cry-baby you are&hellip; thinking that you could have your
  way with me&hellip; how disgusting&hellip; aren't you ashamed of yourself?" Her
  words had so belittled him that it was a few seconds before he realised that
  his under-shorts had been briskly pulled down to his ankles. It had taken Althea
  no effort at all to entirely remove the garments&hellip; or to deftly grasp
  his testicles by thrusting her hand between his legs and grasping the delicate
  orbs of flesh in her slender fingers.  
Although she had had no experience, she managed to hold them firmly, but
  without causing undue pain. Still holding him, she had made him stand with
  his back to her, as she retained her grip on him.  
After that, her confidence grew. She slipped her other hand around his hips
  and grasped his penis, which she suddenly realised had stiffened to become
  semi-erect. She had made him turn towards her, and had used both hands to hold
  his penis and testicles from the front; gripping him firmly with a threat to
  squeeze harder if he did not obey.  
Her triumph over him was the culmination of all her fantasies. She had manipulated
  him to her will. The rest of the evening for Althea was relaxed and enjoyed
  entirely at her leisure. In protest and shame she had spanked him while he
  was standing up. She had made him stand sideways, holding his penis firmly
  in her hand while she had laid more strokes of the hair-brush over his buttocks
  until he had sobbed and begged for her to stop.  
For Althea, the grand finale&hellip; the epitome of his shame had been carried
  out in a delicious sexual ritual: she had made him kneel on the thick arms
  of her easy chair with his head hanging over the cushioned back and with a
  large bath towel underneath him.  
As he hung his head in shame and anguish, she had applied baby lotion to
  his bottom, her hand smoothing over his buttocks as she spoke to him.  
"Poor baby, did I hurt you very much, never mind, it will all be better soon."  
He was blushing and trembling as her fingers first brushed against his tightly
  closed sphincter. Impudently she had insinuated her finger-tip up through the
  opening, experimenting with varying movements and pressure until she had found
  the soft mound of his prostate.  
Her knowledge of its location had already been carefully and diligently researched
  in the copious volumes of anatomy books she had taken from the public library.  
He had gasped and groaned, his anguish almost palpable as she had reached
  around his hips, her hand brushing over his tummy as it moved down to his erect
  penis.  
He had continued to gasp and groan, almost wailing in anguish and embarrassment
  as she retracted his foreskin for the first time.  
She had, with increasing dexterity milked him&hellip; keeping a steady rhythm
  within his bottom and over the sensitive flesh of his penis. She had grown
  bolder and more vigorous; his gasps and groans giving her excellent clues as
  to the effect of her manipulation to his prostate and penis.  
Within minutes he was ejaculating wildly; his body shaking and trembling
  as he gasped for air. She did not stop until she had milked the very last drop
  from him.  
She smiled as she thought back to that time. She had honed her dominant skills
  and her sexual technique to perfection upon her reluctant model. She had made
  him attend her house when ever circumstances permitted it. She had spanked
  him and milked him to her hearts content, each time the pain and pleasure,
  more exquisite, more unbearable. For the seventeen months until she had left
  school, she had experimented with his body and his psyche. The vivid illustration
  in her fathers book brought to life.  
She looked over to where the young man was seated. She had already admired
  his good looks and clean cut appearance. It was usually the tattooed young
  hooligans that were the bread and butter of the center's reluctant clientele.
  They were usually scruffy, most of them ugly and brash, certainly not the type
  of youth that would have taken her interest. This one seemed different. He
  was well spoken, perhaps timid, but certainly attractive. His body looked trim
  and lithe and he seemed fit and healthy.  
She noted that he had blushed several times as he had looked across at her,
  perhaps it was because of his embarrassment at his crime&hellip; or perhaps
  she thought, that he was embarrassed about her knowing that he had had to attend
  for punishment.  
One thing, that she was certain of&hellip; was that he had not even the remotest
  idea of what his punishment would be. She squeezed her legs together at the
  delicious thought.  
*  
Stephen  
As I looked around the room in my idleness I noticed that there were only
  two doors apart from the one I entered from the street. Both were marked private.
  One was at the opposite end of the counter and one was to my right. Both were
  made from a smooth grey easy clean surface that seems to be indicative of most
  government offices. For the first time I noticed a small sign that had been
  placed beneath one of the many security cameras; it read. 'Mobile Phones Must
  Be Switched Off'. I felt in my pockets for my own mobile phone and checked
  that there were no messages.  
I had already given a week's prior notice that I would be taking my free
  days off this week and so would not be back in the office for eight days. I
  thankfully switched it off, before it could incur anyone's displeasure.  
Suddenly I heard the distinct sound of an automatic lock being activated
  within the frame of the door to the street. I looked around as a second lock
  mechanism was being activated, this time the sound came from the door to my
  right which was marked private. I watched as it opened and a strikingly pretty
  woman in police uniform entered the room. She was pulling a trolley which looked
  very similar to a supermarket shopping cart. The only difference being, that
  in front of the basket there looked to be a small locker.  
Her dark hair was tied back from her pretty face, emphasising the well defined
  bone structure of her sun-bronzed face. Her shirt bore the epaulets and stripes
  of a sergeant. I noticed that her breasts seemed very prominent against the
  loose material of her blue shirt and that her City badge was laying at angle
  over the slope of her right breast rather than hanging from her shirt..  
Around her slim waist, she wore a wide leather belt, which supported an assortment
  of equipment. I observed that there were handcuffs, a radio communicator and
  a rather odd night stick that looked more like a cattle prod. I remained seated
  until she spoke.  
Reading from a plastic name tag which had a flat plastic band attached to
  it&hellip; and in turn was attached to her clipboard, she said.  
"Stephen Woodrow Ryder&hellip; is that you?"  
I muttered my confirmation as she wheeled the cart further into the center
  of the room.  
"O.K. Now listen to me." Her voice was not harsh but had an air of authority
  to it as she looked me directly in the eye.  
"You paying attention&hellip;.? Good. Between now and when you leave, you
  obey every order immediately, without questions, without delay. Now tell me&hellip; what
  do you do?"  
I was speechless for a moment and then in a rather shaky voice I replied. "er
  I obey every order..erm immediately without erm&hellip; question.  
"Right now for your own good&hellip; remember that. So repeat it one more
  time."  
I felt foolish, as if I was in class at school. I looked towards the glass
  partition and saw that the receptionist was watching me as I stood listening
  to the sergeant.  
"Don't look away&hellip; look at me. Now tell me again what do you do?" She
  had raised her voice slightly, but still had that air of quiet authority.  
"I er&hellip;obey immediately and er&hellip; don't ask questions."  
"Well that is the essence of it." She lowered her voice and looked at me
  with a kind almost concerned expression on her face.  
"Look Sweetie&hellip; I am trying to help you get through today&hellip; so
  tell me again."  
"I obey every order. .erm without question and without delay."  
"O.K Strip and put your clothes in here." She indicated the basket" Your
  watch, any money you may have, mobile phones etc. You put in this locker here.
  Got it?"  
I know I must have looked dumbfounded. I could not believe for a moment that
  she meant me to strip&hellip; right here in the office. I looked at her, incredulous
  at what she had asked me to do.  
"You mean take my clothes off&hellip; here?"  
"You forget very quickly, I thought you had learned your little rule. Now
  tell me it again, what must you do." I felt utterly stupid and embarrassed
  as I looked at her. Her attractive face bore an expression of impatience as
  she waited for me to repeat the rule.  
"I obey every order erm without question and without delay&hellip; but&hellip;"  
"Let's just stop before we get to the 'butts', shall we?"  
She stood with her legs astride and her hands upon her hips. Her well formed
  legs forming her skirt into and A shape.  
"Right here we go again. Strip&hellip; put your clothes in the basket and
  your personal items in the locker." She spoke in a tired fashion, putting her
  flattened hand out towards me in a gesture similar to a traffic cop stopping
  a car at a junction.  
"Not another word. Go to it&hellip; Strip."  
I looked at her and then feeling utterly foolish began to stake my jacket
  off. I folded it and put it in the basket. Slowly and feeling utterly humiliated
  and ashamed, I undressed, occasionally glancing at the glass patrician, only
  to see that the receptionist was still looking at me without a trace of surprise
  or embarrassment on her face.  
"Come on Sugar&hellip; I haven't got all day."  
The sergeant glanced at her watch before looking back at me.  
I hurried my undressing until I had placed my shoes, with socks inside, on
  top of the pile of clothes and my watch, phone and wallet in the locker. I
  felt utterly foolish as I stood before her in just my underpants.  
"I said strip&hellip; that includes the pants."  
She stood looking at me with her hands resting on the belt at her waist.
  I felt the heat from the redness in my cheeks as my body shivered with acute
  embarrassment..  
"I could not help looking at her. My voice pleading as I stammered through
  my embarrassment.  
"Pleeease er&hellip; miss&hellip; er sergeant&hellip; not with.." I glanced
  at the counter. "Not&hellip; erm my underwear&hellip; please not erm here."  
I watched as her hands went towards the nightstick and then suddenly she
  seemed to decide&hellip; and I think gave me the benefit of her benevolence.  
"Look sweetie&hellip; this day is going to be tough enough as it is. That
  is why I made you repeat the rule. Now without this gets more unpleasant for
  you&hellip; take your pants down and put them in the basket." The kindness
  and sincerity in her voice made me stop and consider my position. Only two
  hours ago I had been full of remorse and now I was whinging about the punishment.  
I felt my face blush and another shiver run through me as turned away from
  her and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my under shorts. Feeling utterly
  stupid and humiliated, I pushed them down my legs, acutely aware of the obvious
  prurient interest of girl behind the counter.  
I held my under shorts against my body, making sure that they were covering
  my genitals, before clasping my bare hands to my groin as I quickly put them
  on top of the pile of clothes, covering myself again with both hands.  
I stood crouching over, my knees pressed together and my hands clasped firmly
  over my penis and testicles as I looked at her through a mist of humiliation.  
"O.K. now I have some questions to ask you. So pay attention, you got that?" I
  nodded feeling utterly foolish at my nakedness in front of her. Unconcerned
  at my embarrassment she read from the clipboard.  
"Ever suffered from heart problems?"  
"Er&hellip; no." I answered.  
"Do you have a pacemaker?"  
I answered to the negative.  
"Ever suffered with a hernia?" I shook my head.  
"Rheumatic fever?"  
Again I shook my head as she carried on with a whole serious of questions
  related to my health. Eventually she finished the list and looked at me straight
  in the eye. I could not help my blush of embarrassment at her close scrutiny
  of my naked body.  
"O.K., now turn around and face the window." Her instruction caused me to
  blush once more. Ashamedly I faced the window. Looking out towards the street,
  I had never felt so naked. I tried to convince myself that I could not be seen
  by passers-by and yet the view of the young girls walking in the street, going
  about their business just a few feet from my nakedness, seemed to accent my
  peculiar and humiliating situation.  
I heard her move to stand behind me, as I crouched forward trying to retain
  my modesty from the front. I knew that she, and the girl behind the counter,
  would have a perfect view of my naked bottom.  
Suddenly it happened&hellip; a blinding pain shot through my left buttock.
  I instantly fell forward, my left leg immediately became completely numb, failing
  to support my weight.. I tried to break my fall, at the same time trying to
  clasp a hand to my buttock which felt as if it were on fire. The terrible pain
  seemed to envelope the whole left side of my body. I felt dizzy and sick as
  I felt myself falling to the floor, writhing in agony. I looked up feeling
  hurt and full of anguish and indignity. I could see the pretty sergeant casually
  replace the cattle prod device back into her belt. I had forgotten my modesty
  in the shock and hurt of the moment. I was writhing upon the floor, my penis
  and testicles flopping lewdly from side to side as I tried to rid myself of
  the pain.  
The sergeant stood over me, her eyes betraying no surprise at my anguish
  as I writhed uncontrollably. I rubbed my buttocks hard against the course material
  of the carpet in absolute torment at the pain which cut through my body like
  a knife. Eventually I managed to clasp my hands over my penis and testicles,
  aware, even through the haze of pain, of high ridiculous I must have looked
  to her.  
It was several moments before I could get to my knees and then eventually&hellip; stand
  shakily in front of the pretty young sergeant.  
She looked me up and down, her expression not unkindly. "It hits some guys
  harder than others, but the effects don't last long. Don't think I am picking
  on you&hellip; everybody gets it."  
Her voice became softer as she saw the tears well up in my eyes. "Look sweetie,
  you need to know what this thing does." She patted the device hanging from
  her belt. "That was on number two; this thing goes to number ten! Get the picture,
  you don't disobey&hellip; and you don't hesitate&hellip; get it?"  
I could not help the tears that rolled down my cheeks as I looked at her.
  Whether it was the kindness in her voice or the pain and humiliation of the
  violent electric shock, I could not tell.  
"Let me tell you something else. You are wondering&hellip; or you certainly
  will do soon, why I didn't give you number one as a demonstration. Number one
  is for your balls," She looked at my groin as she spoke. I could not help looking
  down myself, my eyes involuntarily following hers to my hands which were still
  firmly clasped over my genitals.  
"A prod in those little plums of yours is a pain you would remember for the
  rest of your life. So you had better look lively when you are given an order.
  Do you understand now?"  
"Yes er miss&hellip; It is just the shock and erm&hellip; embarrassing erm
  being undressed like this" I could not help further tears from running down
  my cheeks as I spoke.  
She looked at me, this time her face showed real concern. She moved towards
  me and put her hand on to my shoulder. Her fingers were gentle and cool against
  my fevered skin. Somehow I felt real warmth and affection from her, in spite
  of the pain she had made me endure.  
"Look sweetie." Her face moved closer to mine and she whispered softly to
  me.  
"Forget your embarrassment; embarrassment doesn't hurt like the stunner does.
  You are here for your punishment, the law requires it&hellip; so try and take
  it easy and do what you are told. It won't be easy&hellip; but it is better
  than adding to it, alright sweetie?" Her lips were almost touching my cheek
  as I listened to her. For some reason I wished right then, that she would put
  her arms around me and kiss me tenderly. I could not stop my tears from flowing
  down my cheeks or my body trembling with emotion.  
"Right give me you left hand."  
I looked at her with a worried expression upon my face.  
"Don't worry I an not going to zap you again&hellip; unless of course you
  disobey."  
My concern was not just that she was going too hurt me that I would have
  to take my hand away from my genitals. Fumbling to cover my penis and testicles
  with one hand,  
I raised my arm out in front of me. Gently she took my wrist and placed the
  plastic tag around it. She took a small stapler type device from her pocket
  and sealed the strap.  
"Just so that we don't forget who you are." she smiled.  
She stood back and looked at me. "O.K. Stephen, let's get on with it. Go
  and stand in front of that door." She indicated the door marked PRIVATE through
  which she had entered.  
I crouched in my position of knees pressed together and hands clasped to
  my groin and shuffled rather than walked to stand in front of the door. I could
  feel my shoulders shaking with my sobs&hellip; and yet could do nothing about
  my distress.  
I heard her turn the shopping cart around, so that she could pull it- rather
  than push it, before she moved forward to stand behind me. Suddenly I felt
  the coolness of her delicate fingers stroke over my buttocks and heard her
  voice speak gently to me.  
"Poor baby&hellip; such a sensitive soul aren't you."  
I shivered and tried to stifle a sob as the electronic lock released its
  mechanism and the door opened to reveal an empty corridor. There was a notice
  upon the wall. It read: 'Foul or abusive language WILL result in further punishment.'
  She waited, making sure I had read the notice.  
I heard her voice; again it was soft and caring.  
"Walk forward and stop in front of the second door on the right. Don't ask
  questions, don't hesitate, don't disobey and you'll get through this&hellip; so
  come along sweetie let's get moving."  
As I stood in front of the unmarked door, I felt the sergeant brush past
  me and knock. She resumed her position behind me and putting her soft hands
  upon my hips, whispered in my ear. "O.K. sweetie, remember, don't resist and
  don't question." I felt sure that it was her lips that touched my neck as she
  let go of my waist.  
The door opened to reveal two tall female warders. Their bodies were breathtakingly
  beautiful, bodies with the height and physique that one imagines Amazonian
  women would have. Each wore a white shirt and black tie. Their navy skirts
  were knee length and did little to hide the superb proportions of their hips
  and legs. Hanging from each of their belts were a set of handcuff and a cattle
  prod.  
They could have been sisters, their pretty faces were so similar; high cheekbones,
  with beautiful blue eyes, straight nose and firm jaw line. No uniform, however
  severe, could disguise their firm breasts and narrow waists. Behind them in
  the totally tiled room stood four nurses, two each side of a rubber padded
  bench which was set into the centre of the floor.  
Several broad leather straps were hanging down from the shiny rubber surface,
  the brightness of the stainless steel buckles, glinted under the brightness
  of the circular operating room light in the ceiling. To the rear of the padded
  bench were several baths as well as a row of sinks.  
Rubber tubing and several strange medical apparatus hung from hooks on the
  walls or were placed on shelves surrounding the other three sides of the room.
  A tall chromium I.V. stand had been placed to one side of the bench, its tubing
  running down to a portable instrument trolley, which contained a plethora of
  instruments as well as tubes, jars and bottles of various liquids and ointments.  
All the nurses looked to be young, perhaps eighteen or nineteen years old.
  They were each wearing rubber aprons over their uniforms and their hands were
  encased in surgical gloves. They were all extremely pretty, unlike most hospital
  nurses, their make-up had been perfectly applied to their beautiful faces and
  their uniforms were beautifully fitted to accent the lovely curves of their
  bodies.  
There were two blondes and two with dark, almost black hair; the one thing
  they had in common was their look of cool appraisal at my naked body.  
I was not left waiting at the door for long as the next few moments became
  a blur of hurried activity. I felt a firm push in the small of my back and
  almost simultaneously, as the two Amazonians moved forward, my arms were held
  and forced outright to each side of my shoulders, baring my genitals to the
  gaze of the young nurses. I felt myself being forced forward over the side
  of the padded bench. My head and arms were hanging down towards the floor as
  my body was forced into the required position.  
I ended up with my chest pressed against the bench and a strap being secured
  around my back to hold me there. Two of the nurses stood at either side of
  my exposed buttocks. I felt them both use both of their hands to pull my buttocks
  apart, stretching my flesh so tightly that I gasped with the pressure. The
  bench's height ensured that my legs were spread apart as I felt the firm fingers
  of a third nurse start probing at the entrance to my sphincter with her lubricated
  fingers.  
I grunted with pain and shame as she expertly slid her slender finger up
  into my bottom. I could not believe what was happened to me as suddenly a large
  slippery metal nozzle was pushed against the entrance to my bottom.  
I balked at their intention: that they should try and put such a large object
  inside me. I yelled with fright and pain as the pressure increased and then
  suddenly I felt my sphincter give way to the rounded metal tip. My knees trembled
  as my feet splayed out against the tiled floor. My body stiffened as I tried
  to resist, helplessly bent low over the bench. The muscles of my neck tensed
  in response to the wide stainless steel nozzle that was being forced up through
  my sphincter and into my anus.  
Jenny Leander  
Sergeant Leander had looked on as the boy was deftly handled by the two warders.
  She had seen this routine on a daily basis and yet she could not stifle the
  sexual thrill she felt, as the naked young man was unceremoniously bent over
  the bench. She had felt a sudden impulse to thrust her fingers up the young
  offender's bottom, when the nurses in their practiced manner, had stood at
  each side of him and used both their hands to stretch his buttocks apart.  
I guess he's getting a lot more than my fingers right now, she thought as
  she watched the nozzle suddenly disappear through the sphincter muscle.  
She usually had little concern for the fate of most of the offenders. But
  this one was different. His body was superbly proportioned and his face unusually
  good looking, with clear skin and neat features.  
It had become obvious to her, that he was extremely sensitive and seemed
  to quite timid and shy in front of women. Somehow she had always liked that
  type of boy rather than the brash macho thugs that the center usually had to
  deal with. Another fact which had not escaped her notice was the well endowed
  size of the boy's penis. She had examined him carefully as he had writhed upon
  the floor with the sudden agony of her cattle prod.  
Of course, the staff at the centre had all been carefully chosen. It had
  been determined that the all punishment center staff was to be female. It had
  been a policy from the offset, that the prettier the girl, the more humiliated
  the male offender would be. The girls here had not only to be pretty to the
  extreme, but also capable and self assured.  
It was never admitted that perhaps some of them took more delight than they
  should in subjugating the male&hellip; but Jenny knew from her own feelings
  that this was probably the case. In fact if she were to be truthful she could
  not think of one of the staff here that had not at some time or other taken
  an obvious delight in handling the naked male body.  
She had already been aware when she had first seen Stephen that, because
  of his good looks and superb body, the girls would be making the most of having
  him under their control.  
*  
Stephen  
Not a word was spoken as the nurses busied themselves around me. I felt my
  buttocks being released as the first gush of water rushed inside me. "Pleassseee
  err.. miss." I yelled as the warm soapy liquid filled my stomach. I had never
  felt such a sensation as the water continued to pour inside me. The pain was
  intense as the water seemed to gush and churn within the very centre of my
  being&hellip; and yet the nurses paid my distress no heed.  
I was acutely aware of how blatantly my genitals must be displayed to the
  nurses from behind my spread-legged position. The water seemed to have stopped
  and I heard the nurses move away from the table.  
I was left to my own thoughts for about five minutes until they returned.
  After this short painful interlude of stomach cramps the humiliation continued;
  the nozzle was deftly pulled from my bottom and at the same time my buttocks
  were once more pulled apart. I felt a cool soft hand press upwards against
  my lower stomach and my buttocks being spread even wider. I shivered as a cold
  pan was placed between my legs, its stainless steel rim pressing against the
  inside of my thighs. I could not help evacuating noisily as they increased
  the pressure on my stomach and the parting of my buttocks, stretching my bottom
  apart so widely that I was unable to retain the control of my sphincter and
  the liquid within me.  
They continued stretching my buttock and pressing my tummy until I was completely
  empty. I felt my ears ringing with shame as a wash cloth was carelessly slapped
  between my buttocks and I felt my bottom being wiped summarily.  
This time one of the nurses took a huge syringe from the trolley and held
  it while her companion held a jug of soapy water. The handle of the pump action
  extended probably two feet from the cylinder when it was fully charged. Again
  my buttocks were stretched apart to their limit, as once more, the nurse's
  slippery rubber-clad fingers invaded my bottom, applying more lubricant before
  the longer nozzle of the syringe was pushed up inside me.  
"Arggghh "I yelled as suddenly. a huge jet of water invaded my stomach. I
  tried to rear up, but could not, as the sensation of the water shocked the
  very core of my system.  
Twice more the syringe was filled before they seemed satisfied with the distension
  of my painful stomach. Once again I was left&hellip; until the hands returned
  to prise open my buttocks and stretch my sphincter. This time the nurse used
  two hands to press against my stomach.  
I was in turmoil as I was forced to evacuate the now almost clear liquid
  into the stainless steel pan. My shame and humiliation knew no bounds.  
Once again a clean warm wash-cloth firmly and diligently wiped my bottom
  and between my legs, before I felt the strap being released and I was helped
  to a standing position, this time facing the end of the bench.  
I was able to look at the nurses properly for the first time. They seemed
  amused by my plight, their pretty faces betraying the hint of a smile between
  each other. I felt foolish and stupid as I once more clasped my hands to my
  genitals. The nurse on my left smiled at my instinctive action as once again
  the female warders grasped my arms and turned me around so that my buttocks
  were touching the end of the bench,  
Without warning the young warders tipped me backwards and grabbed my legs
  which they held high and wide until my knees were positioned either side of
  my face. I looked down at my body&hellip; my bottom was lifted off the table
  and my penis and testicles were exposed and openly available for everyone to
  see. I felt a folded towel being pressed between the bench and the small of
  my back, to keep my buttocks raised up above the rubber surface.  
I groaned with dismay as two of the pretty young nurses moved around to the
  edge of the bench and looked down at my exposed genitalia. Casually, as if
  it was of no consequence to her, one of the nurses reached forward and flipped
  my flaccid penis up from between my legs, so that it lay against my stomach,
  pointing towards my naval. I could not contain my embarrassment as I groaned
  loudly and turned my head away&hellip; only to see that the young sergeant
  was watching my shame from the side of the room.  
To my utter horror and anguish, I watched as the nurse lathered her hands
  and with a knowing look, started to apply the lather between the cheeks of
  my buttocks. The second nurse casually lifted my testicles as her companion
  proceeded to soap thoroughly, her fingers needlessly exploring the sensitive
  opening of my sphincter. I shivered in shame as the two nurses shaved me, lifting
  my testicles as they wished, completely denuding me of hair between my buttocks
  and around my testicles.  
My heart sank as even my scrotum was not spared their attentions, they stretched
  the flesh, this way and that, stretching the skin to its limit, so that it
  could be stroked over with the razor until it was clear of hair.  
It was with a callous, almost casual action that the smaller of the two nurses
  took the tip of my penis between her finger and thumb and lifted it away from
  my body. I tried to squirm out of her grasp, but was held firmly by the two
  warders. I could not escape the humiliation as she stretched my penis upwards
  by its tip, while the other nurse proceeded to shave around the base.  
Even in my turmoil I could not ignore the sensation of their fingers around
  my genitals. I grunted as the nurse took a firm hold of the shaft of my penis
  and ran her flattened palm over the tip. I nearly lifted off the table with
  the acuteness of the sensation. She looked unconcerned at my futile attempt
  to escape the effect of her fingers. I could feel the blood pulsing in my groin
  as she expertly slipped the skin of the foreskin quickly up and down the shaft
  of my penis with a practiced motion.  
I tossed my head from side to side, in despair as I felt my penis throb in
  the first throes of an erection. She smiled at me knowingly, as she proceeded
  to quicken the pace in which she slipped the foreskin up and down the shaft
  of my penis, giving me the same knowing look each time she caught my eye. I
  could not help it, however hard I tried, to stop the sensations of her fingers
  arousing me; I became fully erect.  
The nurses spared me no humiliation&hellip; no shame was too much for them
  to inflict upon me as they gathered around the nurse who was holding my penis,
  pointing at my rigid member and then looking at me. "What do you call this
  young man&hellip; have you no shame becoming erect in front of young nurses." The
  oldest of the four nurses addressed me. She leaned across the warder who was
  holding my right leg and looked into my face.  
"Well what have you to say for your self?"  
I did not know what to say&hellip; I was helpless and prostrate before them&hellip; I
  felt drained and emotional as I looked at her. Nonchalantly the nurse continued
  stroking my penis moving it in a deliberately casual way as if it was of no
  consequence, even though the second nurse could find no more hair left to shave.  
I stammered, my face on fire with embarrassment as I spoke&hellip;  
"I'm sooo sorry miss. I could not complete the rest of my sentence&hellip; I
  sobbed in embarrassment as I lay before them. Utterly humiliated and crying
  like a baby.  
Their teasing stopped, but not before my penis was fully erect and bobbing
  up and down as they let me up and led me to one of baths that had already being
  half filled with warm water. I was held at either side with my arms outstretched
  by the female warders. The nurses had made me place my legs widely apart as
  they proceeded to wash me. Their hands were everywhere; around my erect penis,
  lifting and hefting my testicles, between the cheeks of my bottom.  
I could not look any of them in the eyes and so I hung my head in absolute
  shame.  
It was perhaps tem minutes that I was held captive in the bath, the nurses
  had made sure that my penis stayed erect, by taking it in turns to soap my
  genitals&hellip; or stretch the foreskin back on pretence of examining me,
  to see if I was clean.  
I had gasped with shame and indignity as slender fingers had penetrated my
  bottom, causing all the nurses to giggle as I stood on tiptoe to try and escape
  the sensation of their busy fingers.  
The warders made me raise my arms as the nurses shaved my armpits. Both nurses
  let their fingernails brush casually against my nipples as they placed their
  other hands against my chest for support while they diligently removed every
  hair from under my arms.  
The nurse, that rinsed my body, looked up at me with an almost mischievous
  look upon her face, as she scooped water up from the bath. Deliberately she
  let her arm knock against my erect penis, again and again, as she brought her
  hand up to let water run down from my chest and tummy. I was beside myself
  with the utter humiliation as again the nurses laughed at the bouncing movement
  of my erect penis. The two warders almost lifted me from the bath, their beautiful
  faces looking amused at my utter embarrassment, as my penis waved from side
  to side.  
Now they dried me. I was held upright, standing spread legged on the tiled
  floor with my arms outstretched as the nurses bent down before me, their hair
  and cheeks deliberately touching my erect penis as they moved the soft towels
  over my body. I was in this position when the sergeant walked back into the
  room. My nakedness was amplified a thousand times by my completely shaved pubis.  
I had not seen her leave but had been aware that she had not been in the
  room for quite sometime. She looked at me with my legs spread widely apart,
  my nakedness lewdly on display as the warders held me captive.  
She had a paper in her hand which she beckoned one of the nurses to come
  and read. I could not hide my anguish, I was almost in tears again as they
  stretched my foreskin backwards to its limit while they dried the exposed skin
  beneath. One of the nurses stood in front of me and thrust her hand between
  my legs and slapped my bottom in an upward motion.  
"There you are, all nice and clean for your examination." Deliberately she
  looked down at my genitals before casually taking my erect penis in her slender
  hand. "Can't control yourself, even when you are going to be punished mmm?
  She tightened her fingers around my throbbing member. "Well I guess you must
  like drawing attention to yourself like this huh&hellip; is that what you like?" She
  pushed my foreskin right back down the shaft stretching the skin painfully
  as she spoke.  
"Come on honey bunch&hellip; tell is that what you like?"  
I could feel the tears well up in my eyes.  
"Pleasee no missss&hellip;. I er&hellip; am soooo ashamed." I could not help
  the trembling of my body as I answered her. She stood back and let go of my
  penis. She looked rather curiously at me&hellip; her eyes searching my face.
  The suddenly she instinctively put a soft hand to my cheek.  
"Maybe you are honey.. maybe you are."  
The warders retained their grip on me as the nurse left me. I could see that
  the rest of the nurses were talking to the sergeant over by a table in the
  corner of the room. The nurse joined them and I could see the sergeant occasionally
  look across at me and then look back down at a paper on the table.  
Eventually the sergeant left the nurses at the table and came and stood in
  front of me. She looked down at my erect penis and then raised her head to
  look me in the eye. "Do you think Stephen that if I ask these ladies to let
  you go, you will be able to do as I ask and put your hands upon your head without
  trying to grab little Sonny Jim here..?" She deliberately took hold of my penis
  and waggled it from side to side.  
"What do you think mmm&hellip; think you can do that?"  
She casually patted my penis once more before letting go of it and instead
  cupping my testicles in her soft slender hand and lifting them gently.  
"Now remember&hellip; a little shock in these fellas is going to ruin your
  day."  
I was so embarrassed I could hardly answer&hellip; eventually I managed to
  stammer. "I promise er.. miss&hellip; er&hellip; on my head."  
"That's a good little boy. Just clasp your hands on top of your head and
  keep them there&hellip; no matter what&hellip; you got that?"  
I nodded dumbly as she stood back and took the cattle prod from her belt.
  She smiled as she saw the look of anguish on my face.  
"Only if you disobey sweetie&hellip; it's up to you." She looked at the two
  beautifully proportioned warders.  
"O.K. girls, let's give him a try!"  
I felt them let go of my arms and somehow&hellip; I managed to raise my arms
  and clasp my fingers together on top of my head. I felt even more embarrassed
  at my position as the sergeant deliberately looked me up and down as she tapped
  the cattle prod into the palm of her hand to remind me of its consequences.  
"Now that we've got you all cleaned up sweetie, I am going to get someone
  to take you for your examination. You will not in any circumstances take your
  hands from your head&hellip; got it."  
I nodded dumbly again as once more her eyes looked down at my penis which
  was still fully erect. I had never ever felt as naked as I did now. They had
  shaved me so cleanly that I could feel every little movement of air on my newly
  shaven pubis and genitals.  
"Just a little test before I go honey&hellip; to make sure." She took my
  penis, firmly wrapping her fingers around it. I flinched but managed to keep
  my hands upon my head. She moved closer so that her lips were only inches from
  mine and her body was pressed against the tip of my penis, as she held it in
  a firm grip and whispered softly to me.  
"Don't forget&hellip; what I told you sweetie. Without question&hellip; without
  delay&hellip; think you can remember that now&hellip; huh Sugar?"  
I felt a tear run down my cheek, not just with the embarrassment of it all,
  but also because of the pure and exquisite tenderness of her tone.  
I nodded, inhaling her sweet perfume as I drew in my breath and sobbed. She
  squeezed my penis quickly and moved away from me. My penis sprang up in the
  air as she let go of it. I saw her smile as it bobbed to and fro standing upwards
  from my body. "I guess 'Sonny Jim' here has a mind of his own." She laughed
  as she left me to return to the nurses and have a quick conversation with them
  before leaving the room.  
I stood as I had been left: completely naked and shaven as smooth as a baby
  with my hands upon my head and my legs spread widely apart.  
I felt utterly humiliated as I stood there waiting, not daring to move an
  inch. The two warders moved away from me to the far wall and stood with their
  backs to it, looking towards me. I felt a strong urge to clasp my hands over
  my genitals, but the fear of the warder's cattle prods stopped me from doing
  anything so foolish.  
I could not help trembling as the two stunningly beautiful Amazonian girls
  kept their vigil. I was acutely aware that my penis was still fully erect and
  throbbing visibly from the attention of the nurses and the pretty sergeant.
  The warders betrayed no expression as they talked to each other, their voices
  too low for me to hear their conversation.  
I watched the nurses as they left the room. They did not look towards me,
  instead they chatted amongst themselves. I noticed that they had taken off
  their rubber aprons and hung them up on hooks set into the wall. Their figures
  looked even shapelier as they walked side by side through the door.  
I tried to think of something other than my humiliation and sexual arousal
  at the hands of the nurses, but the transition seemed to be too much for my
  mind to cope with. I looked down at myself, only to see that my penis was still
  fully erect.  
My quiet solitude was suddenly cut short. I felt my cheeks suddenly suffuse
  with a burning heat as a new wave of embarrassment swept over me. My mouth
  felt dry and my heart started beating rapidly. I couldn't believe my eyes as
  the young girl, I had met earlier in reception, walked into the room. She came
  towards me, her slender body moving gracefully. Her shirt cuffs were still
  rolled back and she was wearing a full skirt that revealed her pretty knees;
  the broad striped material had deep patch pockets on either side. Her neat
  and daintily strapped, high heeled shoes clicked against the tiled floor as
  she came to stand in front of me.  
She was carrying a clipboard which she held with one hand flat against her
  breasts, as she looked up at me. I had not quite realised just how small and
  slender she was until she came to stand so close to me. I hung my head in shame
  at my blatantly obvious sexual arousal, trying in vein not to look at her as
  she examined my naked body from head to toe.  
I watched as she examined my freshly shaven pubic area and my erect penis.
  She did not comment and her neat features showed no expression as she lifted
  her hand to my chin and turned my head so that I could not avoid looking into
  her eyes. Her confidence and authority seemed at odds with her youthful and
  studious appearance.  
She did not take her hand away but held my chin gently as she looked keenly
  at me from behind her slender framed glasses.  
Her voice was gentle and softly spoken.  
"I am going to take you to the duty sister for your medical examination.
  If you promise to be a good boy, I can take you to get a drink of water first.
  Do you think you can behave and not cause me any problems?"  
I looked at her gratefully, even though my cheeks were burning with shame
  as she addressed me as one would address an errant schoolboy, being made to
  stand naked through her thorough visual appraisal of my naked body. My mouth
  was dry and I realised that my throat was parched.  
I managed to stammer a reply as I was made to look into her eyes. "Er&hellip; yes
  miss&hellip; I mean I am dry miss&hellip; er thank you miss."  
She seemed satisfied with my humility and looked around at the two warders. "I
  am going to take him for a drink of water. There is no need to come as I have
  a CP if there is a problem." She patted her pocket twice and then turned back
  towards me. I could see that the warders had looked at me warily and then at
  each other. Eventually they had seemed satisfied with my look of humility and
  embarrassment and had nodded confirmation to the young receptionist.  
"Now, listen to me! You are to keep your hands on your head and walk in front
  of me, when we reach a door; stop; and I will open it for you. If I see you
  move without instructions, I will stun you; do you fully understand what I
  have just said to you?"  
I could not believe that such a young girl could have such authority over
  me&hellip; and the thought of her having a cattle prod ready to inflict such
  severe pain sent a shiver down my spine.  
Whether it was the previous instructions of the sergeant or what, I do not
  know, but I repeated the instructions she had given me word for word.  
She made no comment, but took her hand from my chin and placed it on my hip.
  Her hand felt cool against my fevered body. She pressed against my hip, gesturing
  for me to head towards the door. I managed to stumble over the first few paces,
  before gathering my stride and stopping with my legs together as I reached
  the door. I felt her slender body brush against my nakedness as she moved past
  me and opened it.  
"Stop when you get into the corridor."  
I obeyed her every instruction as we moved through the corridor, eventually
  stopping against an open doorway that led to a small tiled room with a table,
  several chairs and a sink with coffee making materials on the draining board.
  Beside the sink was a small refrigerator.  
"Stop" she commanded, her voice was softly modulated but firm.  
I obeyed instantly, standing with my hands clasped to my head.  
"Right on my next instruction; place your hands flat against the wall above
  your head and lean against it with your legs spread as wide as you can get
  them. Got it?"  
I nodded dumbly at her question.  
"O.k&hellip; that's the way&hellip; no legs further back&hellip; hands further
  apart&hellip; just like you were going to be frisked." I moved my body until
  it was positioned just as she wanted it. I was leaning well forward with my
  legs stretched widely apart, blushing as I realised that my penis and testicles
  were rudely on display from the rear. My penis was no longer erect, but was
  hanging down although the flesh still fat and swollen.  
Suddenly without warning I felt a sharp sting across my buttocks. I gasped
  as I realised that she had slapped my bare bottom. I gasped more in shock than
  in pain as she moved her body close to me before I could rear up.  
She placed her hands gently against my hips and spoke softly to me. "Just
  stay like you are until I have finished what I am going to do. Don't move&hellip; and
  don't speak unless I ask you a question. Do you understand?  
"I mumbled my reply." Er&hellip; yes miss&hellip; don't move and don't speak."  
"Good boy, now stay still." Her voice was even softer as she stood back.
  I felt vulnerable as I leaned against the wall with my legs stretched widely
  apart and my head hanging down between my outstretched arms.  
"Right arch your back and push your bottom up a bit more. There that's the
  way!"  
Suddenly I felt her place her cool hands upon both my buttocks. I gasped,
  but managed to stay still as she slid her fingers into the cleft, parting the
  cheeks of my bottom. I shivered but stayed bent over against the wall as her
  fingers became bolder. She slipped her fingers down the cleft between my buttocks
  and stretched them apart.  
I could feel her fingers probing at sphincter. I shuddered as she pressed
  the tip of her finger hard against the opening. I was shivering as suddenly
  something small and hard was deftly slipped up through the opening. I felt
  a cold lubricant being spread around the entrance to my bottom as well as being
  squeezed up inside me.  
"Relax, your bottom&hellip; come along now." Her voice although low in volume,
  had a firm tone to it. I tried to do as instructed and quickly felt her finger
  slide easily up inside me.  
"I do like nice cleanly shaven boys. Now stay still and for goodness sake
  and try and relax."  
"Arcchhh&hellip; arggghhh." I groaned as her slender digit penetrated me
  fully. I could feel my knees shivering as I felt an unexpected and unknown
  pressure deep inside me. I had never felt anything like it before; it seemed
  to penetrate the very core of my being.  
I felt her other hand slip around my waist and press flat against my lower
  tummy and pubic area.  
"My they have shaved you nice and smoothly, haven't they&hellip; all that
  nasty hair is gone!" I felt an incredible pressure as she seemed to curl her
  finger up inside me. I felt my penis pulse and jump as her finger moved deftly
  within me.  
"Ooooh &hellip; argghhh. er miss." I groaned as her fingers that were resting
  against my tummy suddenly grasped the tip of my penis.  
"There that didn't take long did it." Quickly she let go of my penis and
  withdrew her finger from my bottom. I felt her hand flatten against the soft
  flesh of my buttocks and slide down and between my legs.  
"Arghhhhh"  
I groaned as my testicles were suddenly encased inside her cool slender fingers.  
"Ssshhhh&hellip; she whispered as she palpitated the sensitive orbs between
  her fingers. I felt her lean her body against me as she reached her other hand
  between my legs and wrapped her fingers around my erect penis. Gently she slipped
  the foreskin back until the skin was stretched tight.  
"Ooohhhhh&hellip; arggghhhh." I gasped as she handled me as if I were an
  animal being examined for sale. I felt my penis throb as her fingers explored
  the contours of my rigid flesh. I could feel her breath against my back and
  her small soft breasts press against me as she held my genitals captive in
  her hands.  
"My, your testicles are full, don't you have a girlfriend?"  
I could only manage to mumble as she held me firmly.  
"Come along answer me&hellip; I said; do you have a girlfriend?"  
"Er&hellip; n'no miss, I haven't got a girlfriend&hellip; argghhh." She squeezed
  my testicles, making me gasp at the indignity and embarrassment of it.  
"Well, you must masturbate&hellip; do you pull your penis, mmm?"  
I was trembling with embarrassment.  
"Err s'sometimes er.. miss."  
"Naughty boy&hellip; playing with yourself&hellip; you ought to get a girlfriend."  
She squeezed my penis firmly&hellip; I could feel it throb almost uncontrollably
  with the pressure and the softness of her fingers.  
"When did you last go with a girl?" She squeezed my member moving her delicate
  fingers expertly over the rim of the glans.  
"Er&hellip; I haven't had&hellip; erm a&hellip;" I could not finish the sentence,
  such were the sensations that she was causing to race through my body.  
"Well&hellip; a lovely boy like you, never having had a girlfriend. I ought
  to take you in hand properly." Her fingers continued to play havoc with my
  emotions as she held me firmly captive in her hands.  
"Arghhhhhh&hellip; ooohhh&hellip; er pleasssse er I feeeeel er oooohhh." I
  babbled incoherently as my penis began to throb more violently. Quickly she
  took her hands away from my genitals and back through my legs. Instead she
  placed them on my waist and moved them around my torso. She smoothed them over
  my tummy and then upwards, her fingers quickly locating my nipples, which she
  began to tease with her fingers nails.  
She spoke again, quickly&hellip; more urgently than her usual measured instructions.  
"Turn around with you back pressed to the wall and your hands upon your head.
  Come along&hellip; do as you are told."  
Her hands left my body and she stepped backwards, as I straightened my back
  and stood up; quickly turning around and placing my hands upon my head. I blushed
  profusely as I saw that my penis was pointing upwards at the ceiling; rigid
  and straight. She saw my blush of embarrassment and put her hand tenderly on
  my cheek.  
"My you are a shy little boy aren't you? Well just stand still and get your
  legs spread apart as wide as you can". She did not seem the least concerned
  or embarrassed at her intimate handling of my genitals as she looked at my
  body; her gaze cool and appraising.  
She placed her hand upon my cheek and moved close to me, her young body pressing
  against my erect penis as I blushed once more. "Now just close your eyes until
  I tell you otherwise."  
I let my eyelids close and felt her gentle fingers trace over my cheek before
  she took her hand away and stood back from me.  
I stood in silence shivering with acute sensation and embarrassment. It seemed
  to be several minutes that I stood in silence and darkness, with my hands clasped
  on top of my head and my feet spread widely apart upon the tiled floor.  
I waited as she made a careful examination of my body: her appraisal was
  cool and clinical as she stood watching me.  
The silence was broken by my gasp of embarrassment as she slipped her hand
  beneath my penis and delicately drew her nails up the length of the shaft,
  watching me as I gasped for breath.  
Suddenly she took a firm hold of my penis and brought her other hand beneath
  me to grasp my testicles. "Stay still" she urged as she squeezed me so firmly
  that she caused me to gasp in pain.  
"Shhh&hellip; not a sound!"  
She squeezed me again, this time more gently and then let me go.  
I stood as I had been instructed, still with my eyes closed as I heard her
  open the door of the refrigerator and the distinctive sound of a glass being
  filled.  
"O.K. take your hands from off your head and open your eyes." I obeyed once
  again as she moved towards me and offered me a glass of water.  
She looked amused as I drank thirstily, finishing most of the glass almost
  immediately.  
"Right now, finish your drink&hellip; and give me the glass. She looked at
  my penis which was throbbing visibly as she stood with her legs astride waiting
  for me to empty the glass. She took a small tube from the table top and screwed
  the cap on it, before slipping it into the wide pocket of her skirt.  
"Turn around and face the door, and put your hands back on your head&hellip;" She
  took the glass and waited until I had obeyed. She stood behind me and stoked
  her hand gently over the cheeks of my bottom before flicking the tips of her
  fingers against the soft flesh. "O.K. The same routine as before&hellip; along
  this corridor and turn right&hellip; stop at the fourth door and wait."  
I felt humiliated and utterly stupid as I was made to walk naked down the
  long corridor. I could not help my penis swaying from side to side as I walked.
  I am sure I heard a stifled giggle from the young receptionist as I presented
  my side view to her, while turning to face the door.  
The room was very large and modern. It had two very sophisticated looking
  examination tables set into the floor, each having a variety of highly technical
  looking equipment surrounding them. The floor was completely tiled in large
  white tiles and the walls were finished in a pastel shade of smaller sized
  tiles. Around the perimeter of the room were white integrated drawers and cupboards:
  medical equipment and instruments were neatly placed on the surfaces. The nurses
  that had embarrassed and humiliated me just a short time ago, now stood by
  the first of the examination tables. I blushed a deep shade of red as the young
  receptionist smacked me on the bottom.  
"Go and stand in front of the table and remember to do as you are told." I
  did not dare to look into the eyes of the nurses. I could see from the look
  of amusement on their faces that my erect penis had not gone unnoticed. I blushed
  again as I approached them, my eyes downcast in absolute horror at the embarrassment
  of my position. I felt the soft cool hands of the pretty blonde haired nurse,
  as she held my waist and turned me so that my bottom was touching the end of
  the examination table. "Sit on here. "  
She watched as tentatively as I obeyed. She lifted my chin and looked into
  my eyes. I could see that there was still a hint of amusement on her face. "Just
  follow my instructions and you will be fine. Now open your knees so that your
  feet are spread well apart on the floor&hellip; there&hellip; that's the way." I
  could feel my face burning as she looked down at me. My penis was pointing
  upwards straight towards her as she watched me position my knees; casually
  she placed the palm of her hand on the inside of my thigh and looked at me
  directly.  
"Now lay back and stretch your arms out above you." I coloured up again as
  I realised the humiliating position I would be in and how exposed my genitals
  would be to the view of the nurses. The two dark haired nurses had moved to
  either side of me; suddenly their gently fingers were touching my chest and
  shoulders, helping me to lie back on the sheet of white cotton that covered
  the surface of the examination table. I could not help shiver as my skin touched
  the cool cotton. One of the nurses bent right over me, her beautiful face only
  inches from mine.  
"Now let's have those arms stretched out above your head. There that's it.
  Now just relax your legs, so that we can lift them up into the stirrups."  
I shuddered as the nurses gently lifted my legs. I could not help gasping
  as they were placed widely apart in the stirrups before the nurses fastened
  straps around my shins to hold my legs in position. One of the nurses pressed
  a button, making the stirrups slide backwards towards my chest; I shuddered
  with the indignity of my positioning as my knees were eventually slid back
  until they were above and to either side of my head.  
Finally I was positioned to their satisfaction; laid back with my legs spread
  wide apart, my bottom completely lifted off the bench with a padded wedge under
  the small of my back. The nurses stood at either side of my body looking down
  at me. I could not have ever envisaged a more humiliating scenario. I felt
  tears form in my eyes as I shivered in shame.  
I could not have articulated the thought, but there did seem to be more gentleness,
  more concern from the nurses as I lay there, trying to avoid looking them in
  the eyes.  
One of the nurses lifted my arm and placed it a alongside my body. I could
  not help looking at her as she wrapped a pressure cuff around my arm and inflated
  it. I could feel a firm steady pressure as she looked intently at the gauge,
  squeezing the bulbous rubber occasionally as she listened to my pulse above
  the cuff. Eventually she released the pressure and unwrapped the cuff. To my
  dismay she put her hand gently on my chin and turned my head towards her. I
  had to look into her eyes as she spoke to me.  
"Well, young man&hellip; your blood pressure seems to be in order." I looked
  at her, feeling my embarrassment bringing more colour to my cheeks as she deliberately
  looked down between my legs. "Mind you," she continued, smiling at my embarrassment; "It
  looks as if I you were demonstrating that to me anyway." I blushed an even
  deeper shade of red as she indicated my erect penis. I could do nothing but
  shamefully turn my head away from her.  
If I had thought that there would be an end to my embarrassment I had been
  sadly mistaken. I saw the nurses all turn to the end of the bed and stand straight
  as the tall, beautiful personage of Debbie Pearson. I shut my eyes, squeezing
  the lids tightly in abject humiliation as she came to stand between my widely
  spread legs. I heard her speak to one of the nurses, her voice light and businesslike. "Is
  he all ready for me?" The nurse replied promptly.  
"Yes sister, his blood pressure is excellent."  
"Well done!"  
I felt utterly exposed and shamed as I felt her hand gently rest on the inside
  of my thigh. "Right young man&hellip; let's have those eyes open. I am going
  to palpitate your tummy and I want you to tell me if you feel any pain." I
  groaned with the trauma I was feeling as I opened my eyes. Shamefully I looked
  at her beautiful face, feeling the anguish of my situation wash over me. I
  could not have felt worse, or even imagined a situation that could have made
  me feel more ashamed than this.  
To my utter dismay, I felt her bare arm brush against the tip of my erect
  penis as she placed her hands flat against the upper part of my stomach. I
  watched and shivered helplessly as she pressed gently, almost sensuously against
  the flesh of my tummy. I gasped and shivered as her soft cool hands moved lower
  towards my exposed genitals, as she continued with her examination of me.  
"Any Pain here?" She asked, her question delivered in a matter of fact tone.  
I was in turmoil as her hands moved to the soft, freshly shaven flesh above
  the bone of my pubis. "What about here, do you feel anything?"  
I managed to mutter and shake my head as she continued to press against my
  flesh. At last she seemed satisfied and lifted her hands from me and then&hellip; before
  I could feel any relief from my embarrassment she gently lifted my testicles.  
"I want you to cough&hellip; for me." I groaned&hellip; and then coughed
  lightly. I could feel her squeeze and jiggle the soft orbs of flesh in her
  fingers.  
"No&hellip; I'm afraid that won't do&hellip; I want a nice big cough. Come
  along now." I could not help my face from colouring to a deep crimson as I
  coughed again, loudly this time; feeling utterly stupid and vulnerable as she
  gripped my entire scrotum within her slender fingers and moved the testes to
  and fro inside the sac.  
"That seems fine, now&hellip; er Stephen isn't it?" She looked towards one
  of the nurses. "Yes sister his name is Stephen Ryder."  
"Well Stephen&hellip; I want you to breathe deeply while I just have a little
  feel inside your bottom." I shivered at her words&hellip; feeling utterly bereft
  of any self esteem as she picked up a pair of rubber gloves; my only saving
  grace was&hellip;that she did not seem to recognise me.  
I watched helplessly as she lubricated several of the fingers of her right
  glove. Suddenly, I felt all four nurses place their hands on me. Simultaneously,
  two of the nurses, placed their hands on my shoulders and chest, while another
  placed both hands upon my hips and tummy. To my horror the fourth nurse nonchalantly
  grasped my erect penis and at the same time cupped my testicles. I shivered
  in shame as she bent my penis forward and lifted my testes upwards from beneath
  my widely spread legs.  
It was in a mist of shame that I felt Sister Pearson's fingers gently pry
  within the cleft of the cheeks of my bottom. With a gentle, practiced motion
  she quickly slipped a finger up inside me. I could not help looking at her
  as she increased the pressure until her finger was all the way in.  
"Just relax," she cooed, as she reoriented her finger deep within me. She
  watched me intently as she curled her finger up against my prostate. I could
  only tremble in anguish as I felt my penis throb between the nurse's fingers
  in answer to the strong stimulation. I turned my head in shame as Sister Pearson
  looked at the nurse enquiringly. There were no words spoken as the young nurse
  released my penis and Sister Pearson wrapped her own fingers around it as once
  more she stimulated my prostate gland.  
"Argghhhh," I could not help groaning as she repeated the procedure, now
  being able to feel for herself, the answering throb of my penis.  
"Ah, an excellent penile response."  
I shivered in shame as she stimulated me in a quick series of prods of her
  finger deep inside me, before releasing my penis, which to my horror was throbbing
  visibly. I watched in anguish as it bobbed up and down, lifting up from my
  body of its own volition with each pulse.  
I felt her gently slide her finger from my bottom, her eyes watching my penis
  as it throbbed uncontrollably.  
I heard the door open and the clatter of high heeled shoes approach the bench.
  I saw a lady of perhaps thirty five years of age stand beside Sister Pearson
  and look down at my naked and trembling body.  
She was dressed in a smart navy blue pinstriped business suit. Her hair was
  brushed back from her beautiful and intelligent face. She showed her perfect
  teeth in a bright smile as she greeted the Sister. "Well I can see that you
  have been busy&hellip; we are ready for him now."  
 She turned her head towards me and looked closely at my penis, which was
  throbbing violently. Her well groomed appearance made me feel even more ashamed
  of myself as she casually leaned forward and took hold of the tip of my penis. "I
  think you will have to do something about this sister, before he goes through.
  We have some visitors&hellip; so perhaps if you would?"  
"Of course, it should only take a few seconds." Sister Pearson smiled at
  the lady and quickly moved closer to the juncture of my thighs.  
I seemed to be shrouded in a haze of pure anguish and embarrassment as I
  felt the slender finger of Sister Pearson once more slip deftly up in between
  the cheeks of my bottom, easily slipping through the sphincter in a well practiced
  manoeuvre. The nurse, who was still holding my testicles, tightened her grip,
  lifting them up gently as she moved them around in her delicate fingers.  
"Argggghhh." I groaned again as Sister Pearson, quickly located the plump
  gland of my prostrate. Without preamble, her fingers encased the shaft of my
  penis and she retracted the foreskin until it was stretched tightly back against
  the base of my penis.  
I had never felt so completely vulnerable, as gently she smoothed her hand
  over my rigid member; the sensations so intense, that I tried to raise my hips
  to evade the skilful milking motion of her hand.  
She leaned forward as I tried to avoid looking at her. "Don't turn your head
  away Stephen, I want you to look at me."  
I timidly obeyed, my mind in turmoil as she transfixed me with her beautiful
  green eyes.  
"Is this what you imagined, Stephen? When you used to look at me across the
  quadrangle, all moon faced and wistful. Is this what you were thinking&hellip; that
  I would be milking your penis for you?" I was dumbfounded. Such was my abject
  humiliation that I wished a hole would appear in the ground and swallow me
  up. I could not believe it! She had remembered me&hellip; and she knew exactly
  who I was.  
I groaned in despair as her hand moved slowly and deftly; inexorably bringing
  me to a reluctant climax. I felt my whole body stiffen as semen rushed from
  my testicles and prostate, erupting from the tip of my penis with a strength
  and vigour that I had never thought possible. I felt my whole body tremble,
  quaking uncontrollably as I ejaculated. I thrashed my head from side to side,
  such was the absolute culmination of my pent-up emotions.  
"Argggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh." I could not help the sounds that were
  emitted from my constricted throat muscles as my hips bucked and my penis erupted
  with large globules of semen. Time after time I felt the Sister's fingers jab
  hard against my prostate&hellip; each touch eliciting a further emission from
  my wracked body.  
I was being skilfully and dextrously drained, unable to control any part
  of my physical or emotional will.  
The nurses held me firmly as the Sister continued to manipulate her finger
  deep inside my body; the fingers of her other hand, sliding skilfully up and
  down the shaft of my penis. I ejaculated countless times until my body froze;
  my sinews locked rigid in an obscene and wanton display of uncontrollable emotion.  
Gentle hands smoothed over my skin as the last globules of semen were extracted
  by the sister's skilful fingers.  
I felt the young nurse exert a firm pressure around my testicles as the Sister
  drew her hand up from the base of my penis to the very tip, her slender fingers
  firmly eliciting the very last drops of fluid from my exhausted body.  
I felt drained&hellip; emotionally and physically as all of the nurses busied
  themselves cleaning the semen from my stomach and chest. In a daze, I felt
  the finger being gently withdrawn from my bottom; I felt a blackness descend
  upon me and for a time, remembered no more.  
Debbie Pearson  
Debbie had seen Stephen enter the building that morning, catching a glimpse
  of him in the security monitor. She had popped her head out of the door behind
  the reception counter only for an instance, to see if she had been correct.
  Although she was pretty sure that it was Stephen, she had checked the name
  on the form as the copy had come through to her office.  
Although Stephen had not known it, Debbie was well aware of Stephen at school.
  She had seen him, like many others, look at her surreptitiously. She had always
  been aware of her good looks and had adopted an attitude, like many other very
  pretty girls, of aloofness. Her attitude had quickly distanced her from much
  of the unwanted male attention she had been subject to at school.  
She had first noticed Stephen looking at her while she had been outside in
  the school quadrangle. His attentions had been remote and unthreatening, never
  even coming close to where she had been standing or sitting talking to her
  girlfriends. Normally she would have not given him another thought had it not
  been for his exceptional good looks and his respectful attitude. She had carefully
  enquired as to who he was, but had been careful not to draw attention to her
  interest in him.  
It had been the annual sports day that had really brought him to her attention.
  She had been walking past the field changing rooms. These were brick outbuildings
  that were situated right on the edge of the sports field. They were designed
  to accommodate equipment that would be needed during a football or baseball
  game or for a player to change kit during a game for one reason or another.  
As she walked past an open door she had seen Stephen dressed only in a jock
  strap, standing next to his locker. She had stopped for a brief moment and
  admired his slim physique, before moving quickly on to meet her friends and
  watch the athletics competition. She knew he had not seen her as he had searched
  for clothing in his locker.  
The visual image of his almost naked body had stayed with her and she had
  often wondered what had become of him. She had read in the newspapers last
  year how his parents had been killed in an automobile crash. She had had an
  impulse to send him her condolences, but had not known his address or if perhaps
  he would remember who she was.  
Now he was in her charge, sentenced to be soundly strapped by the duty sergeant.
  She knew she was already sexually excited by the prospect, but equally she
  felt sorry for the boy.  
Debbie had taken the job a year ago. She had since school always wanted to
  pursue a worthwhile profession although she did not need to ever earn a living.
  Her parents were one of the richest families in the state. They had indulged
  their daughter and had been pleased that, rather than become a lazy socialite,
  she had taken up nursing. They had furnished with her own private and luxurious
  house, beautifully situated in the best area of the city and had given her
  an income that would have been the envy of even the most successful businessman.
  To look after her needs, her mother had insisted that she kept the family's
  two most trusted and discreet Pilipino maids.  
Her introduction to the center had been by one of the nurses she had worked
  with in the hospital operating theatre. The nurse had recognised her skill
  at monitoring the vital signs of patients and had got her an interview at the
  centre. Her first introduction to the work of the center had been a severe
  cultural shock, but to her own surprise she had guiltily felt an incredible
  sexual delight as she had watched a boy being soundly beaten with the regulation
  punishment strap.  
As her first year had progressed, she had delighted in jointly subjugating
  offenders to humiliation and embarrassment. The better looking the young boys
  were, the more pleasure she had derived from her part in their punishment.
  She could not have denied her delight at having Stephen under her control or
  her sexual interest in him. She had felt a thrill run through her body as Althea
  had whispered to her after bringing him in to the examination room. The young
  receptionist's voice had been excited and urgent.  
"He hasn't got a girlfriend&hellip; never really had one&hellip;and get this&hellip; he's
  a virgin. Can you believe that an absolute, lilywhite, never been touched nineteen
  year old&hellip; VIRGIN."  
Debbie smiled as she thought of Althea&hellip; the girl was incorrigible.
  She had invited Althea to her home, for a weekend by the pool. Several of the
  nurses regularly came over each weekend and on this occasion Althea had arrived
  and had immediately gone up to one of the pretty blonde nurses. Jane, who was
  a slender girl, was lying upon a sun bed wearing a bikini. Althea had whispered
  to her and then kissed her on the lips before untying the bottom of her bikini.
  Debbie had been amused, but not surprised, as Althea had taken off her glasses
  and laid between the girl's slender legs, immediately pressing her lips to
  the girl's vagina. As Debbie had approached them, somewhat taken aback; Althea
  had turned her head and without a hint of embarrassment said to her: "Hi Debbie,
  be with you as soon as I try this out&hellip; found a new way to lick clit."  
It had not taken long before Althea had worked her impish charm upon Debbie.
  She had been a little taken aback and surprised at her own sexual feelings
  as they had lain together one afternoon. Debbie had succumbed to Althea's advances,
  letting the slender young girl, gently stroke her breasts, almost absent mindedly,
  as they had talked and lounged by the pool. Debbie realised that the girl was
  an expert in the way she seemed to know exactly where and when to touch to
  elicit the greatest sensation. Debbie had allowed the young girl's fingers
  to roam over her body&hellip; and in no time she realised that her body was
  being brought to a violent and satisfying orgasm by the lips and slender fingers
  of the young nymph.  
Althea had become a permanent weekend guest, as had most of the staff from
  the center. It was not just that they were all friends, but also because they
  could discuss the center and their feelings freely without outsiders. On the
  occasions when there were guests, other than those from the center, everyone
  had found the atmosphere rather strained and the conversation guarded. So it
  had become a weekend retreat for center staff only; all of them, enjoying the
  luxurious lifestyle of their friend without jealousy or resentment at her personal
  wealth or privileged upbringing.  
Debbie was delighted to have met Stephen again&hellip; and under these circumstances,
  her mind raced with the almost limitless possibilities. His body was even better
  than she had remembered it&hellip; and now that she was able to examine him
  at her leisure she was delighted that his penis and testicles were better developed
  than she had thought they would be. She loved the look of the boys when they
  had been shaved and the delicious feel of their smoothly shaven genitalia.  
She could not remember exactly when during the day that she had decided that
  she was not going to let him go. Although she was still uncertain about how
  exactly she would go about possessing the boy, she realised that that was exactly
  what she wanted to do: possess him, have total control over him.  
Debbie looked down on the naked boy, admiring every contour of his body as
  she stood back before turning her head towards the center principle.  
"He will be alright soon. I think it's a combination of all that he's been
  through so far, but he will be ready in a few minutes, I am just going to have
  one of the nurses measure him and I will get her to adjust the stock. You said
  that we have visitors; anyone I know?"  
Tricia nodded. "Yes the judges from the court. I think you already know Constance&hellip; and
  probably some of the others. I think there will be a full house today&hellip; with
  him being&hellip; er good looking and all. Word seems to get around somehow!"  
Debbie watched as Patricia Hodge left the room and then turned her attention
  back to the boy. She watched one of the nurses begin to measure him, taking
  the tape carefully to various points of his body.  
There was always a certain excitement among the nurses as offenders were
  nearing their time of their punishment, but today there seemed to be some mixed
  feelings. Where as normally there was a sexual vindictiveness in the handling
  of young male offenders: the girls usually delighting in teasing the unfortunate
  miscreant with jibes such as, holding his erect penis firmly and saying "Bet
  this is not so cocky when you feel the strap on your bottom." On this occasion
  they had felt differently about the timid young boy, even before they had read
  the transcript of the trial.  
Debbie looked at Stephen as he began to stir back into consciousness. She
  had made up her mind that she would treat him efficiently and clinically, if
  there became an opportunity to help him through it in anyway then she would
  try.  
It would be a different matter, once he had completed his punishment; then
  she would do her best to afford him every comfort.  
She moved towards him and helped the nurses release him from the stirrups,
  taking the wedge from under him as they placed his feet on the floor. They
  waited for him to recover; one of the pretty dark haired nurses stroked his
  cheek, feeling the blood racing to his face as he once more became aware of
  his situation.  
*  
Stephen  
I must have fainted for a moment. I could feel the blood rushing to my cheeks
  as the nurses helped me from the bed. I looked down at my body, blushing profusely
  to see that my penis was still engorged although no longer fully erect.  
The nurses stood around me, making me place my legs in a wide stance as I
  stood naked and ashamed. I could not help gasping with shame as I was made
  to bend over and touch my toes. I could feel my penis and testicles hang freely
  between my parted thighs as the nurse took a gloved hand to my bottom. I felt
  a liquid being rubbed on my bottom cheeks and then a sharp sting in my right
  thigh. I turned to see the sister empty the contents of the syringe she was
  holding, into my leg.  
"I'm just giving you a mild sedative to stop you urinating, while you are
  being punished." She said brightly.  
 I could not help stammering&hellip; What are they going to do to meeee&hellip; er
  miss&hellip; er what will the punishment be?"  
She looked at me, her face showing concern. "Now don't you worry about that&hellip; it
  will all be over soon, just you do as we say&hellip; you can stand up straight
  now and just put your hands on top of your head.  
I stood still, contemplating what my fate would be when the two wardresses
  entered the room; their magnificent bodies moving gracefully as they came to
  stand on either side of me. They took my arms and almost lifted me off the
  ground. The next few moments were a blur of movement as the guards moving me
  with consummate ease, almost carrying me to another door at the far end of
  the room.  
It was opened by the nurse and I was led through it and along a short corridor
  made up of portable privacy screens. I found myself facing something that resembled
  a padded lectern. Two vertical chromium plated posts were set in the floor
  about six feet apart. A shiny horizontal bar joined the two posts with a foot
  wide padded rest running the whole length of the bar. A short curved extension
  projected toward me at a right angle to the bar, with a square pad at the end
  of it. I was quickly leaned over the small pad which supported by waist &ndash; and
  then my chest was pushed against the horizontal padded beam and my arms stretched
  out on either side and fasted to by straps to the two upright bars. I felt
  a strap being placed around my waist holding my waist firmly against the small
  pad. I tried to adjust my position and found that I was virtually immobile
  as I felt a strap loop my two ankles tightly together.  
Although I could move my upper body slightly, I could not move my hips or
  my bottom. The pad under my stomach finished just above my pubic bone, leaving
  my genitals hanging down freely.  
I looked around in desperation to find that I had been left alone. I could
  turn my head to each side but could see no-one although I could hear the low
  murmur of several voices from the other side of the white portable screens.  
I began to tremble in fear as suddenly the screens began to be wheeled away
  one by one. I looked around to see each part of the room revealed as the wardresses,
  wheeled the screens away.  
To my horror I saw the two tiers of seating that encircled the small room
  were completely occupied. Young girls and women stopped their conversations
  as the screens revealed my naked body; shamefully strapped to the lectern only
  a few feet away from them. I blushed in shame as the all female audience looked
  at me intently. Seated in the centre row, in front of my head, were the three
  lady judges who had sentenced me. Sitting next to them was the young girl from
  the court who had given me my attendance form. Along both rows, both to my
  right and to my left, were young girls and women. Most of them were smartly
  dressed and looked to be either secretaries or office workers.  
I felt my body begin to tremble as the center principle walked in; dressed
  smartly in her navy business suit, she looked stern and determined. Behind
  her was the young receptionist, who was carrying a clipboard.  
In a formal procession, came Sister Pearson and the four nurses. I could
  not help gasping with embarrassment as they all stood to my side and looked
  at me.  
The center principle moved towards me and placed her hand under my chin,
  lifting my head up, as she addressed the assembled audience of females seated
  around me.  
"This is Stephen Ryder, his offence is driving with one milligram of alcohol
  over the twenty milligram state limit. He is to be given twelve strokes with
  the regulation punishment strap, his punishment to be administered by sergeant
  Leander. This punishment is to commence immediately."  
She turned to me and spoke so that everyone in the room could hear her. "I
  hope that this will teach you a lesson young man. That bare bottom of yours
  is going to be very sore by the time you leave here."  
She turned to Sister Pearson. "If you will check him over, we can proceed." I
  watched as Sister Pearson took the stethoscope from around her neck and placed
  the earpieces in her ears. She moved around the upright bars and came to stand
  next to my waist. I felt the cool metal of the stethoscope upon my back and
  then her soft hand upon my waist. The cold metal moved against my skin, sending
  a shiver through me as she moved it underneath me, pressing it against my heaving
  chest.  
At last she seemed satisfied and took the earpieces from her ears, hooking
  the stems back around her neck she leaned over and reached underneath me, grasping
  my testicles in her soft fingers. She whispered to me softly. "Give me a nice
  big cough now." I was trembling with shame and fear as I struggled to cough
  as loudly as I could. Her fingers kneaded my testes as she made me repeat my
  cough. "There&hellip; you seem fine."  
Before she moved away from me, she lifted my head and turned it so that she
  could look at my face. I could not help my expression of fear and humiliation
  or the tears that formed as she held her face close to me and looked into my
  eyes.  
"Be a brave boy, Stephen." She whispered as she moved away from me and nodded
  at the center principle.  
I looked forward, acutely aware of the interested gaze of the young girls
  as they shifted in their seats, watching me avidly. Suddenly my attention was
  drawn to the sergeant who had first made me strip in the reception area. She
  had changed from her uniform and was now wearing a white short sleeved cotton
  tee-shirt and loose navy skirt. The exquisite shape of her firm bra-less breasts
  was displayed to perfection by the tightly stretched cotton of her shirt. Her
  nipples stood out from each breast so prominently that the thin material seemed
  to wrap itself around the rigid nubs of flesh like cling film.  
Her long tanned legs were bare, encased only in slim sandals with slender
  leather ties around her ankles. I could not help trembling as I saw the long
  thick leather belt that trailed down to the floor from her slim wrist. It was
  about four inches wide and extremely thick, only the first few inches tapering
  to the solid wooden handle which she held loosely in her hand.  
Without looking right or left, she moved towards me on the other side of
  the padded bar and lifted my chin with her free hand.  
"Sorry sweetie&hellip; try and be brave." She let go of me and moved around
  the upright bars and behind me. I tried to turn my head as she moved to the
  rear, straining to look at what she was going to do&hellip;but I could not
  see her. I flinched in embarrassment and indignity, as she placed her hands
  upon my buttocks, insinuating her fingers between the deep cleft, which I was
  clenching together tightly. I felt the softness and coolness of her fingers
  as she pulled the cheeks apart, exposing even more of my bottom. The result
  was such, that even when I tightened the muscles even more flesh was available
  to the strap.  
The whispering voices in the room went quiet as I first heard the terrible
  warning swish of the strap as it whistled through the air towards my trembling
  flesh.  
In total shock I felt the first impact of the heavy leather implement of
  punishment. I could not believe the intensity of the pain that enveloped my
  legs. The strap had hit my thighs four inches below the crease between thigh
  and buttock; it was like a fire spreading everywhere, the intensity quickly
  increasing as the pain surged through my loins, seemingly to envelope every
  part of me.  
I threw my head back in anguish ready to scream when the next stroke hit
  me.  
"Arggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I could hardly recognise my own voice
  as the strap hit my thighs for the second time; the carefully aimed stroke
  was expertly applied, its mark delineating the broad width of the strap upon
  my flesh. The accuracy was such, that the welt of the second stroke was accurately
  adjoined to the mark of the first: It was as if they had been dovetailed together.  
I tried to draw in breath as the third stroke hit me, this time, the strap,
  laying its four-inch width of venom, on the lower part of my buttocks. I was
  in anguish and turmoil. I felt as if every sinew of my body was stretched to
  a breaking point. I screamed&hellip; unable to control either, my voice, or
  the violent shaking of my body.  
"Argggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip;.. arrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhh." I shook and
  trembled in a violent paroxysm of agony and turmoil. My neck muscles were so
  constricted that I gagged&hellip; my eyes rolling in their sockets as the fourth
  stroke bit into my flesh, its wicked killing bite, cutting into the very center
  of my buttocks.  
"Arrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." My head rolled from side to
  side as once again, the thick leather mercilessly bit into my buttocks&hellip; its
  accurately aimed band of pain, again placed adjacent and perfectly parallel
  to the last stroke. Had my punishment finished on that fifth stroke, I am sure
  I would never have forgotten it and yet there was to be more. Could the body
  endure such pain, was it possible. My mind raced in a fever of indescribable
  agony.  
Swwwissshhhhhhhhhhhhh. Craaaaaaaaaccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.  
"Arrrrrrrrrggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..oooOOOOOOOHHH."  
 I felt my body stiffen to such a degree that not even the shivering of my
  sinews was evident. I was in a trancelike state as the sixth stroke fell on
  the very top of my bottom cheeks. I had gasped for breath before I screamed
  and yet my voice was so high pitched that I did not recognize myself.  
I screamed and screamed. My body suddenly galvanised from my seizure into
  a paroxysm of gyrations. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and the
  blood pumping past my ears as I wailed in anguish and agony.  
"Aarrrrrrrggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; arggggggggggggghh&hellip; arrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."  
I shuddered and shook as I felt the cold metal of the stethoscope upon my
  back and chest. I could feel one of the nurses pull my penis away from my body
  as Sister Pearson, encased my testicles in her soft hand. I could not think
  coherently or articulate any utterance as the nurse's hands left me and both
  she and Sister Pearson stood back to watch the continuance of my chastisement.  
'Swissssssssssssshhhhhhhh. Craaaacccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk' The seventh stroke
  cut into the top of my buttocks, following exactly the path and target of the
  sixth. The pain coursed through me as I threw my head back violently and screamed
  in agony.  
"AAAAAArrrrgggggggggggggggghhhhh." I shook and shivered as the pain shot
  through my buttocks&hellip; I could not believe that anyone could stand so
  much pain. I screamed, my voice high pitched and feminine, as the fire ran
  through me. "aaarrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."  
"AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH."  
My vocal chords constricted and I was still wailing in anguish as the eighth
  cut into my flesh just below the seventh, overlaying the same flesh which had
  already been cruelly tormented by the heavy leather of the regulation punishment
  strap. For a moment I could not articulate, my body seemed numbed and then
  suddenly the fire cut through my body like a knife.  
"Arrrrrgggggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I wailed&hellip; my
  utter torment unchecked as I threw back my head in anguish. " mmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeerrrrrcy&hellip; I
  cccannnt stand&hellip;.i it&hellip;.. arghhhh."  
The ninth stroke almost lifted my feet from the floor as it seemed to come
  upwards enveloping the under part of my buttocks. I became fevered, I shook
  uncontrollably and violently, my legs rubbing backwards and forwards as much
  as their confinement would allow, vainly trying to assuage the pain from my
  body  
"Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee arggggghhhhhhhhhhhh. I screamed at the top of my
  voice as my body shivered in utter distress and my eyes rolled in terror as
  the torturous pain increased unabated.  
I felt hands upon my body&hellip; still blinded with absolute agony as my
  testicles were held firmly and my penis, once again, pulled away from my body.
  I rolled and shook my head from side to side as I was examined, hardly feeling
  the cold stethoscope against my back and chest.  
I could feel hands upon either side of my face&hellip; and then through my
  mist of anguish I saw the beautiful face of Sister Pearson. I was beside myself
  with grief as I pleaded.  
"Oooohhhhhhhh&hellip;. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaassssssssseeeeeeeee. Noooo
  mmmore" My tears fell in a torrent as she looked at me and then nodded towards
  my rear. I felt betrayed as she stood back and watched me, abject in my cocoon
  of indescribable agony.  
The last three strokes came quickly and fiercely&hellip; each stroke placed
  one on top of the other, all placed accurately on the very center of my buttocks.  
I screamed one long scream&hellip; my endurance at an end, as the pain became
  so intense that my body locked solid. Every muscle every sinew stretched to
  its limit.  
"Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; ayyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeee" My
  scream was one long cry of pain, unpunctuated&hellip; unrepressed: an unearthly
  high pitched cry of anguish.  
Jenny Leander  
Jenny had felt the familiar wetness between her legs, as she had looked at
  the perfect white buttocks of the young boy. She felt sorry for him, but she
  also recognised the inevitable sexual excitement she felt when she was about
  to start a punishment.  
On instinct she had put the strap on the floor and moved forward behind him.
  With an almost delicious sense of control she had placed her hands on his buttocks
  and slipped her fingers between the tightly clenched cheeks of his bottom.
  She plied the quivering flesh apart, hearing him gasp at the sudden intrusion.  
Jenny had always had a penchant for dominance, ever since she could remember.
  Her appointment to the center had been heaven-sent. She had been able to indulge
  her pleasures, legally and with the full blessing of the state. Her greatest
  thrill was when there were no witnesses to the beating, other than the regular
  attendance of the center's office workers and essential personnel.  
Jenny loved the embarrassment of the young boys. Seeing their tear stained
  faces colour up to a deep crimson always sent a thrill through her body. She
  relished each scream; basking in the total control she had over the young offenders.  
When she had come to the center she had realised that all of the girls who
  worked in close proximity to the offenders, where very much like herself. Many,
  she knew, had been attracted because of their enjoyment in dominating young
  males. Even those that had joined without that predilection, had soon found
  deep within their inner psyche, that they were sexually excited by strappings.  
The center encouraged as many of the office workers as possible to attend
  the beatings. Their presence always caused further embarrassment to an already
  humiliating experience for the young boys. Jenny knew that most of the girls
  who watched the punishments were soon wet with excitement as a boy was soundly
  and expertly thrashed.  
The routine never varied to any great extent. But often after the boy had
  been punished the pad would be removed and the bar would be raised with the
  boy's feet being spread apart and fastened securely. If there were no visitors
  waiting to inspect her handiwork then she would stand behind him and reach
  around to take his penis in her hand, before milking him mercilessly until
  he reluctantly ejaculated. She would exacerbate the humiliation of the young
  offender by talking to him as she vigorously worked on his penis. "Well&hellip; you
  only have yourself to blame, fancy having to have your bottom smacked by a
  girl."  
It was often the case that the miscreant seemed to form some sort of a bond
  with his tormentor&hellip; and to her delight, the further embarrassment of
  being chided and masturbated by her, caused them profound embarrassment.  
It had been a long time since she had seen a boy seem to suffer his punishment
  so badly, She was aware that some boys had particularly sensitive flesh and
  it was obvious from this young man was one of those.  
She had administered the strap, as she always did, covering him with lashes
  from thigh to the very top of his buttocks with the first six and for the second
  six, overlaying each stroke as she saw fit. She always gave the last three
  strokes on the center of the buttocks, each aimed to precisely fall on top
  of each other. She knew that even with the hardiest of boys that the pain was
  intense&hellip; but she reasoned that after all that is what they were here
  for.  
She had seen Debbie show concern at the state of the boy, but had not lessened
  the severity of her strokes, once she had been given the go-ahead to continue.  
Well sweetie, she thought. I am sure that between us all we will make it
  up to you. She smiled at the delicious thought as she watched the warders unfasten
  his legs and remove the extension and the pad from the horizontal bar.  
She could hear him groan as the horizontal bar was raised mechanically so
  that he was able to stand upright. His feet were fastened ensuring his legs
  would be spread wide apart. His arms were still fastened to the horizontal
  bar and his head was resting on the top of the padding which covered it.  
She could see that his buttocks were badly blistered as he shivered and shook
  with the intensity of his pain. She knew that she would not be able to indulge
  in any other activity today as there were many more visitors here than usual,
  including a senior and two junior judges. It was common practice for the witnesses
  to stand around an offender after he had been punished. Often they would chide
  him, sometimes taking hold of his penis or his testicles as well as running
  their hands, sometimes roughly, over his freshly blistered bottom.  
She watched Debbie as she approached the boy, gently stroking his cheeks
  as he stood there, sobbing in agony and anguish.  
It was the senior judge who first got up from her chair. She approached the
  boy and standing in front of the padded bar, gently held his head in her hands.
  Jenny could not hear what she was saying, but the judge's actions seemed tender
  almost loving as she spoke with him. Jenny watched as the judge patted the
  boy on his head and then walked around the upright bars to examine his bottom.
  To her surprise and delight, the judge bent down between his widely spread
  legs and reached through his parted thighs. Jenny held her breath as she saw
  the judge lifting his penis and gently cupping his testicles.  
The judge held him there for several moments before letting him go. Abruptly
  she stood up and went to stand beside Debbie. Jenny was far too curious to
  let the conversation go unmonitored. She put down her strap and joined Debbie
  and the Judge who greeted her warmly. "I was just telling Sister Pearson, that
  he seems to have taken his punishment badly. She has agreed to keep him here
  for a few days in the recovery wing. I know you all have your duty to do, but
  I did wonder if perhaps you might take special care of him." Both Debbie and
  Jenny smiled at the judge's request. It was Debbie whom replied. "I think we
  can take very special care of him. You are right, I think he has taken it very
  badly and I understand that he lives alone, so there is no-one else to look
  after him. If you would like&hellip; you could see him in, say a couple of
  days. In fact I won't release him until you ask me to, how's that?"  
The judge smiled. "Yes I think he is erm&hellip; rather special and certainly
  not our 'run of the mill' customer. Yes if you would&hellip; I er&hellip; would
  be most grateful." The judge looked around to see that most of the all female
  audience were already leaving their seats; some were already standing around
  the boy as he sobbed pitifully. Jenny saw that one of the girls had nonchalantly
  reached down and taken hold of his penis, stroking her other hand over his
  back in a comforting gesture. Jenny knew that the statutory half hour of confinement
  after a punishment was a painful time.  
But she knew that most of the girls were cognizant of the court transcript
  and of the boy's circumstances and she could already see that their attitude
  was one of tenderness and sympathy towards him.  
*  
My scream lasted until my voice gave way. The timbre of my own voice had
  sounded surreal to my ears, as if I was in an echo chamber. I cannot think
  how long it had been since the last stroke; it was a while before my fevered
  brain realised that perhaps at last my punishment might be over. I could just
  see through my tears a blurred image of female faces watching me.  
I shivered and shook, the pain had not diminished. I had not thought that
  any human could endure such pain. The severity of my beating had shocked me
  to the core. I shook in fear as I became aware of movement around me, fearing
  that my beating was to start again. Instead I felt gentle hands against my
  waist and my legs as the straps of my confinement were removed from my ankles
  and waist. I breathed deeply, not able to quell my sobs of pain and self pity
  as the padded rest was taken from under me.  
I stood shaking as I felt the bar beneath my head and arms begin to move
  slowly upwards and gentle hands prompted me to move my shaking legs forward.
  I felt a firm grip around each of my ankles as I was prompted to shuffle my
  feet apart, until I was standing with my legs spread wide. The bar continued
  to rise until I was able to straighten my back.  
I felt a huge tremor of fear as I felt straps being placed around my ankles
  to hold my legs in position; I wondered if my new position was to afford me
  more punishment. I gasped in anguish and pain not knowing what was to happen
  to me, only knowing that my body could not stand any more hurt.  
I started to cry in despair and anguish as I stood spread legged with my
  head resting against the soft pad. I must have been near to fainting; as if
  in a dream I saw the beautiful face of Debbie Pearson. I felt her hand gently
  stroke my cheek, her face full of concern as she looked at me. My emotions
  were so stretched that I was overwhelmed by the gesture, I cried, sobbing mightily.
  My chest heaved and I gasped for breath in between the huge sobs that wracked
  my body.  
I stood there for what must have been several minutes, my mind clearing from
  the acute pain of the last three strokes of the strap. I was aware of movement
  in the room and of someone coming to stand in front of me. I raised my head
  sufficiently to see that the lady judge was standing before me. Suddenly I
  felt her hands gently hold my head so that I was looking into her eyes. She
  spoke softly and tenderly as I sobbed pitifully.  
"Well Stephen, your physical punishment is finished. I know that you are
  in pain, but it will ease in time. I am going to inspect your bottom and check
  that you have not been marked anywhere else. I am not going to sign your release
  until your bottom has been properly treated. I understand that you live on
  your own. Do you have anyone that could care for you when you are released?"  
Somehow I managed through my sobs to answer her. "Er&hellip; no one&hellip; er
  miss&hellip; er Ma'am.  
She looked at me closely; I could see the tenderness and concern on her face,
  which only prompted me to cry even more.  
"Well in that case I will see what I can do. I will see you again Stephen,
  when you are more recovered." I sobbed as she gently stroked my cheek before
  taking her hands away. I stood with my head resting on the bar again as suddenly
  I felt soft delicate fingers gently lifting my testicles and to my horror,
  the shaft of my penis being gripped firmly and the foreskin being fully retracted
  so that the skin was stretched tight. I felt helpless and humiliated as I tried
  to look around behind me, but could only see as far as the interested expressions
  on the faces of the young girls and women as they got up from their seats.  
I closed my eyes in shame as I felt my penis and testicles suddenly being
  squeezed firmly before being let go. I sobbed at the pain in my buttocks and
  the humiliation of my public naked punishment. I felt dejected and shamefully
  aware that all the girls in the room had witnessed my naked bottom being soundly
  strapped and heard my cowardly screams and anguished cries for mercy.  
I stood sobbing with my head resting on the padding, aware that I had been
  surrounded by some of the girls from that had witnessed my punishment. Two
  of the younger girls were standing in front of me. I tried to stifle my sobbing
  but to no avail as they looked at me, their pretty faces showing their curiosity
  at my predicament. One of them put her hand to my cheek and spoke quietly to
  me. "My name is Jane and this is Karen&hellip; don't look away when we are
  talking to you." I groaned with shame&hellip; my tears still rolling down my
  cheeks as I raised my head from the pad.  
"My, you must be in pain&hellip; It must be really humiliating for you, having
  your bare bottom spanked in front of so many people." I felt her other hand
  gently touch my chest, her flattened palm stroking gently downwards until her
  fingertips were just touching the top of where my pubic hair used to be.  
 "I bet you feel really ashamed of yourself don't you? I mean what about
  little willy here&hellip;" her hand moved downwards over my smoothly shaved
  skin. Deliberately she curled her fingers around my penis and pulled it forwards
  and upwards.  
"Fancy not even being able to have your modesty covered while you were being
  spanked!"  
I groaned in humiliation as the other girl brushed her fingers delicately
  across my chest, teasing my nipples, at the same time reaching down with her
  other hand and curling her fingers under my testicles. I had never felt so
  vulnerable as her fingers enveloped my scrotum and she lifted and weighed my
  testes in her slender fingers. Her voice was soft but teasing as she spoke
  to me.  
"What a shame it must be for you&hellip; and you being such a nice looking
  boy. You feel really smooth down here&hellip; why don't we just stiffen you
  up a little bit mmm? Make all that hurt go away, shall we?"  
I groaned in despair and desperation as Jane took both hands to my penis
  and held the tip of the glans between finger and thumb so that she could slide
  the foreskin down the shaft. There was a mischievous look on their pretty faces
  as I felt their delicate fingers expertly manipulate my penis and testicles:
  I tried to look away, but everywhere I looked there were girls watching me
  with interested looks on their faces. I could feel soft hands stroke over my
  back and upon the inside of my thighs as other girls began to touch me. Everyone
  seemed to have gathered together to watch the two girls stimulate my genitals.  
I could feel an answering throb in my penis as my foreskin was expertly slid
  up and down the shaft. I could not help shivering as she stretched the foreskin
  skin tightly each time she retracted the covering of the glans. Her skilful
  fingers gave me no respite as she looked at me, her pretty face smiling knowingly
  as my penis became engorged in her hand.  
"My&hellip; he is a cheeky little fellow isn't he&hellip; and he's growing
  nicely. Does that feel nice mmm?" Her fingers moved faster as my penis began
  to stiffen rapidly. I felt my cheeks suffuse in a deep blush as suddenly she
  took her hands from my engorged flesh and began to tap her hands upwards against
  the shaft. I groaned with embarrassment as I felt it bob up and down. I could
  not look down but I was well aware that my penis was now fully erect and throbbing
  visibly. The pain from my buttocks seemed to enjoin with the acute sexual sensation
  in my penis, reluctantly making me as hard as I had ever been. I felt Karen
  reach her other hand between my legs and gently scrape her fingernails along
  the underside of the perineum; the combined sensations of their fingers eliciting
  even greater sexual sensation.  
Jane looked at me as she slipped her fingers back around the shaft of my
  penis. "Well sweetheart&hellip; you are a big boy now, even if you don't have
  any hair. We are going to let you go, so that the other girls can have a look
  at this nice long fat willy of yours!" She gripped the flesh of my penis hard,
  at the same time as Karen squeezed my testicles firmly in both hands. She pressed
  her pretty face against mine and whispered. "If I had my way&hellip; I'd stick
  my finger up your bottom and milk that beautiful penis of yours and make you
  come all over the floor." She smiled innocently as she moved her head back
  and looked at me&hellip; "you'd like that wouldn't you, my little bare baby?"  
For the next twenty minutes, I endured humiliation after humiliation. Soft
  delicate hands, examined my body&hellip; probing stroking and stimulating me
  at will: their softly spoken words of tenderness and comfort spurring me to
  even greater sexual awareness and embarrassment. I could not have contemplated
  a more embarrassing situation, each girl adding to my shame with her touch
  or her words. My penis kept to a painfully exquisite hardness, jutting out
  and upwards from my body in a reluctant shameful display.  
Suddenly it was all too much for me. I began to sob loudly in utter misery,
  tears rolling unhindered down my cheeks. I felt comforting hands holding me
  around my waist as my legs and arms were freed.  
I stumbled rather than walked between the two warders as they led me to a
  small room with a padded bench. A shiver ran though me as I saw the thick leather
  strap which hung down from each side of the bed, one half had a leather covered
  buckle and the other was perforated with a series of holes. The sight was foreboding
  after my experience in the punishment room.  
Through my tears I could see that there was a hole, of about six inches in
  diameter in the centre of the bench as they bade me first kneel&hellip; and
  then lay face down upon the linen covered surface. I was placed so that I was
  laid flat upon my tummy, my erect penis and my swollen testicles, hanging freely
  through the hole in the padded surface. I shivered as one of the tall beautiful
  warders slipped her hands underneath the bed and casually took hold of my penis
  and testicles. Her voice was tender and caring; "There is a pan underneath
  you, so if you need to urinate, just do it. You are not to move at all&hellip; you
  do understand? Someone will come and put something on your bottom, I won't
  cover you in case it aggravates your skin and I am not going to fasten you
  down with the restraint.  
I wish I could do something for this&hellip;" she squeezed my penis more
  firmly, but I am afraid that I am not allowed to." She squeezed my penis once
  more and then let me go.  
I felt the other warder lift my head and hold a glass of water to my lips.
  I found myself drinking greedily until my dry throat was quenched. She took
  the glass away and gently slipped a slim pillow underneath my head. She bent
  forward and softly kissed my tear-stained cheek. "Try and rest&hellip; it has
  been a traumatic time for you. If you can&hellip; try and sleep&hellip; at
  least until Sister Pearson comes and does you little bottom for you."  
I was still blushing profusely from the casual handling of my genitals as
  they both left the room. I heard them stop for a moment outside of the room
  and became aware that the lights were being dimmed. I was left in solitude
  and semi-darkness as I contemplated my sorry state. I wanted to try and rub
  the hurt from my bottom cheeks, but was afraid that if I touched them they
  would become more inflamed. I felt naked and vulnerable as I lay, my uncovered,
  upon the soft surface of the bench, my penis and testicles hanging down freely
  exposed to the sight of anyone who entered the room. My trauma and fatigue
  got the better of me and I drifted into a light sleep&hellip; for a time, remembering
  nothing more.  
I awoke sometime later as I felt soft hands being gently smoothed over the
  tender cheeks of my bottom. A cooling and soothing liquid was being sensuously
  applied over my burning buttocks and thighs. I was aware that the lights had
  been turned up to full brightness and that all four of the nurses were standing
  around my bed as well as Sister Pearson. I must have stirred as I heard her
  say. "Shhhhhh Stephen&hellip;. Don't say a word, just lie there and we will
  be finished soon. I felt her hands gently encase my penis and testicles which
  were hanging down through the hole in the padded bench, her slippery fingers
  expertly retracting my foreskin, making me raise my buttocks at the suddenness
  of the acute sensation. "Shhhhhh&hellip; just relax now." Again Sister Pearson
  quieted me as the gentle hands of one of the nurses, soothed over my bottom. "I
  am going to milk your penis and empty these for you." She illustrated her words
  with a gentle squeeze of my testicles as she began to slip her hand quickly
  up and down the shaft of my penis.  
I groaned in a mixture of embarrassment and sexual sensation as I felt more
  hands being placed upon my bottom. Two of the nurses were now caressing and
  soothing my buttocks, one of the nurses slipping her fingers in and out of
  the crevice between my cheeks as Sister Pearson deftly brought my penis to
  an erect state. Deftly she retracted the foreskin fully and let her fingers
  slide quickly up and down over the rim of the glans. Instinctively I raised
  my buttocks with in reaction to the acuteness of the sensation, only to feel
  a finger slip unhindered inside my bottom. I tried to raise my body up, only
  to feel the hands of the other two nurses gently press on my back and shoulders.  
One of them leaned over my head and kissed me softly on the cheek. "Shhh&hellip; Stephen,
  just lay still now." Her gently spoken words were in contrast to the busy fingers
  that were expertly manipulating my penis and the slippery slender digit that
  suddenly curled skilfully inside my bottom. "Argggghhhhhhhhh" I groaned as
  my prostate gland was explored with a firm pressure from the nurse's finger.
  I felt the Sister hold quickly my penis with two hands as the one of the nurse's
  let go of my shoulders and moved closer to the Sister. I heard gentle whispering
  but could not make out what was being said as the nurse also slid her arms
  underneath the bed and took hold of my testicles. I felt them being held firmly
  as Sister Pearson slipped my foreskin back with one hand and rubbed over the
  very tip of my penis with the other.  
I was in a turmoil of sexual sensation as suddenly my prostate gland was
  prodded firmly, this expert attention was accompanied by a second finger being
  thrust up through my sphincter as my buttock cheeks were casually spread open
  by the nurse who was massaging my buttocks to allow the other nurse greater
  access.  
"Aarrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh." I shook my head as I felt my sphincter
  being stretched impossibly wide and my penis being rapidly milked, the Sister's
  hands moving over my engorged penis in a practised motion.  
"Relax now&hellip; it won't take long&hellip; be a good little boy!" The
  soft voice of the Sister added fuel to my abject embarrassment and feeling
  of helplessness. My shame knew no bounds; to be systematically thrashed and
  humiliated in front of so many beautiful girls and then to be expertly drained
  of semen in a nonchalant and casual display of expertise, had humiliated me
  beyond my comprehension.  
My mind reeled in dismay, my shame tantamount to a deep and bottomless despair.  
I was acutely embarrassed at the thought that I could not contain the sudden
  acute sensation from deep within my groin. It was the inevitable humiliation
  as I felt the inextricable point of no return; the unyielding sensation that
  heralded the beginning of my ejaculation. No respite was given as my bottom
  was explored thoroughly by the nurse's probing fingers buried deep inside me;
  nor by Sister Pearson who milked me so expertly that I lost all sense and reason.  
"AArrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Oooooohhhhhhh&hellip; arrrggghhhh." I
  groaned as semen spurted spontaneously from my penis; again and again I ejaculated&hellip; my
  tumultuous orgasm agonisingly prolonged by the skilful fingers of the Sister
  and her nurses.  
"Poor baby&hellip; never mind it will all be over soon&hellip; just a little
  more... there we are what a brave boy." The tender voice of the Sister inflamed
  my senses as her hands seemed to stimulate the very core of my nervous system.  
For the second time I was being milked with such skill and expertise, that
  I felt I could not withstand the acuteness of the sensations that were being
  so dexterously wrung from my body. My chest heaved as I fought for breath,
  I gasped as my penis continued to spurt huge globules of semen without respite.
  The sensual pressure upon my penis and the firm incessant probing inside my
  bottom, held me suspended in the throes of utter and inexorable sexual abandonment.  
"Arggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Please don't&hellip; no more pleeeeeeeeaaaaaaaseee"  
I could not contain my emotions; such was the skill of the nurses and the
  sister that I felt I would die with the severity and the intensity of the feeling
  that coursed through my body&hellip; an exquisite mixture of unbearable pleasure
  and pain.  
I raised my shoulders in panic as I reached the limit of my endurance, only
  to feel gentle hands press me back down upon the bed.  
There we are&hellip; my you are in a state&hellip;shhhhhh now&hellip;" The
  soothing voice of the Sister did little to assuage my utter nervous exhaustion.
  My sinews seemed locked in a deep convulsion, my neck and throat constricted
  in a trancelike grimace. My penis pulsed so violently that I could feel a deep
  ache between my legs.  
"ARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH." I groaned in protest until at last the hands
  of the nurses and the Sister simultaneously slowed to a gentle caressing touch.  
I had been drained, thoroughly and efficiently&hellip; expertly milked of
  every last drop of seminal fluid. I could only gasp at the acute sensation
  as the nurses fingers were slipped slowly out of my bottom, my sphincter being
  stretched in one last exquisite agony, as Sister Pearson stilled her fingers
  upon my penis &hellip; and squeezed the rigid flesh reassuringly.  
"Poor baby&hellip; it has all been too much for you, hasn't it? Never mind&hellip; just
  relax and you will be fine." I felt soft hands caressing the hair at the back
  of my neck and soft delicious lips upon my cheek as the nurse held her pretty
  face close to mine.  
It was with a feeling of utter exhaustion that I felt my penis being gently
  squeezed and wiped with a hot towel. Two pairs of hands were delicately applying
  more soothing ointment to my buttocks and thighs, while the other nurses stroked
  their slender fingers, in light feathery touches, over my back and shoulders.
  My last recollection as I drifted back to sleep was the dimming of the lights
  and a cool cotton sheet being drawn over my body, covering me up to my shoulders.  
It must have been sometime during the night that I awoke as I felt the strap
  being tightened around my waist, the pressure immediately forcing my hips flat
  against the bed. The lights had been turned up to full brightness and I blinked
  as I became fully awake.  
Before I could protest I heard the soft voice of the young receptionist and
  felt her hand gently brush against my face.  
"Shhhhh&hellip; I am not going to hurt you. Just lie still." To my embarrassment
  I felt her lift the sheet from my feet and slowly and deliberately slide it
  up over my shins and thighs, eventually baring my bottom totally. She casually
  folded the material over the strap which was fastened around my waist.  
For some reason I felt even more naked and vulnerable than If I had been
  totally uncovered. Feeling utterly helpless, I was forced to lay flat with
  my buttocks bared and my hips pressed firmly against the surface of the bench
  by the broad waist strap, my penis and testicles fully exposed as they hung
  down through the hole. I tried to look at her as she stood behind me, but the
  broad strap stopped me from twisting my body far enough for me to see her.  
Instead I lay my head back on the pillow, with my head turned to the side.
  I felt utterly stupid with my bottom bared as if I were a small child. I squeezed
  my legs together as tightly as I could and tried to clench my buttocks, but
  the movement caused my skin to burn with pain as I tensed the muscles.  
I knew she was examining my buttocks, but could do nothing to stop her. I
  lay there in silence until she moved further up the bed. I gasped as her hand
  reached under the bed and casually fondled my penis and testicles. The almost
  nonchalant way that she handled me, made me feel even more vulnerable and embarrassed.
  She took her hand away, after pulling my flaccid penis downwards, stretching
  it to its full extent.  
I watched as she moved to stand in front of my face which was turned towards
  her. She placed her hand between my cheek and the pillow, gently turning my
  head so that she could look into my eyes.  
I felt my face begin to burn as the blood rushed to my cheeks in a deep flush
  of embarrassment. She noticed my blush instantly and smiled at my discomfort,
  giving me a knowing look. Her eyes twinkled behind the slender framed glasses,
  making me feel utterly foolish as I lay fastened upon the bench with my bottom
  bared for her inspection.  
"Right, the same rules apply. You don't speak unless I ask you a question.
  When I ask you a question you answer me immediately. Don't try and turn your
  head away and don't be evasive with your answers. When I ask you to do something,
  you obey immediately. I know Sister Pearson has put some ointment on your bottom,
  which will have relieved a lot of the pain. However, a sharp slap with my hand
  upon those little cheeks of yours will still hurt you more than you can imagine.
  So&hellip; tell me&hellip;do you understand me?"  
I could not help blushing to an even deeper red as I looked into her eyes,
  her pretty face looking amused as my face burned with shame.  
"Er&hellip; yes miss&hellip; er I understand. 
"Good&hellip; now, are you going to obey my instructions immediately and without
question?"   
I looked at her, feeling utterly foolish as she held my head so that I could
  not evade her cool appraising gaze.  
"Er yes.. miss&hellip; I will try."  
I felt utterly foolish under the control of a girl younger than myself&hellip; and
  yet knew that I was in no position to argue.  
"No&hellip; you will not TRY to do as you are told&hellip; you will DO as
  you are told&hellip; now have you got that?"  
I blushed again, but managed to stammer a reply. "Yes miss&hellip; I will
  do as you ask."  
She let go of my cheek and stood back, looking at me for a few moments, before
  moving out of my sight to stand at the foot of the bench.  
I felt her cool fingers grasp each of my ankles.  
"Right&hellip; bend your knees and draw them up as high as you can." She
  illustrated her instructions by pushing my ankles forward. I groaned with humiliation
  as I drew my knees up, until they were hanging over each side of the narrow
  bed. She had held my ankles together so that the soles of my feet were touching
  each other.  
I felt utterly humiliated as I realised the vulnerability of my position.
  I was no longer able to clench my buttocks together and I knew that she would
  be able to see into the crevice of my bottom. She continued pushing on my ankles
  until my thighs were widely spread apart. I gasped in dismay as I felt her
  fingers gently trail over the under-part of my bottom cheeks.  
"Well Stephen&hellip; you certainly have a well spanked bottom, just what
  naughty boys need. Did it hurt very much when you were being given the strap?"  
I was already blushing profusely from the humiliating and revealing position
  of my legs. I could feel her hand move freely in-between the crevice of my
  bottom; the casual touch of her fingers accenting the openness and availability
  of my sphincter to her touch.  
"Answer me; you are in no position to disobey without incurring an extra
  little smack on this naughty bottom of yours!" She punctuated her words with
  a tap on the inner part of my bottom cheeks, thankfully not touching any of
  the skin that had been beaten with the strap.  
I groaned with humiliation as I answered her. "It was awful er&hellip; miss
  I didn't think I could stand it&hellip; I felt as if I &hellip;"  
I could not finish the sentence. Whether my tears were of self pity or just
  the culmination of the events of the day, I did not know&hellip; but I began
  to cry.  
"Yes&hellip; naughty boys always seem to cry when their bottoms are soundly
  spanked&hellip; however you can save your tears. Tell me which part of your
  punishment was the worst?  
My voice trembled as I answered her. "The last strokes miss, it&hellip; it
  was like I was being er&hellip; branded miss. It was the worse thing I have
  ever felt miss."  
I felt her hand move from in-between the cheeks of my bottom and her fingers
  trail delicately over the welts on the centre of my bottom.  
"Yes&hellip; she has done an excellent job of strapping your bottom for you,
  hasn't she?" I could tell by the tone of her voice that she expected an answer.  
"Er&hellip; yes miss&hellip;arghhhhh." I gasped as the tender flesh seemed
  to burn under her touch.  
"Still tender&hellip; isn't it?"  
"Yes miss." I replied gasping as she placed her hand casually back in-between
  the cheeks of my bottom for a moment, before taking her hand away.  
"Well Stephen, I am afraid that is what naughty little boys deserve. I firmly
  believe that young boys should be soundly spanked regularly and of course,
  milked diligently rather than letting you indulge in that disgusting habit
  that boys have of playing with their own penises. Now just relax your bottom,
  while I just stiffen you up a little bit."  
I blushed at the way she talked to me as if I were a small child. I also
  felt utterly embarrassed at the thought that she could do with me as she wished.  
I felt her fingers return to invade the crevice between my buttocks; this
  time they felt cold and slippery.  
"Arghhhhhhh&hellip;ohhhhhhh." I gasped as she pressed her finger firmly against
  my sphincter, impudently teasing the small rosebud of muscle by moving her
  finger up and down over the opening.  
"Just relax like a good boy. Ooops there we are, now that's what I like&hellip; now
  let's just slip it all the way in for you&hellip; just keep your little bottom
  still."  
"Argggggghhhhhhh&hellip;.oooooohhhhhhhh please nooooooo." I could not help
  groaning and protesting as she slid her finger deftly and easily up into my
  bottom. My position made it impossible for me to clench my buttocks. I felt
  utterly helpless as she quickly located my prostate gland and expertly smoothed
  her finger over the sensitive mound.  
"Arrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I could do nothing but groan and cry
  out as I felt an incredible pressure building up deep within my bottom. I tried
  to move only to feel her slap the lower part of my thigh.  
"Don't you dare try and evade me&hellip; just lie still like a good boy while
  I make your penis nice and stiff&hellip; there now that seems to be working
  nicely." I groaned and moaned as her finger moved quickly and diligently inside
  me. I could feel my penis throb as her finger roamed unhindered inside my bottom,
  expertly coaxing me to a full erection. I gasped when her wrist touched the
  blistered skin of my buttocks as she moved around to the side of the bed: her
  finger remained firmly in my bottom and not missing a beat as she reached underneath
  me.  
"Ooohhhhhhhhh." I could not help crying out as she casually took hold of
  my penis between finger and thumb, squeezing to examine the stiffness, while
  at the same time prodding my prostate gland with the tip of her finger.  
"There we are&hellip; all nice and stiff in no time. Little boys are sp predictable&hellip; and
  you have stiffened quicker than all of them&hellip; my word Stephen, what a
  dirty little boy you are. Don't you feel embarrassed that your penis stiffens
  so easily? What a naughty, naughty child, you have obviously had no proper
  control in your life, you really deserve to be soundly spanked. Have you no
  shame?"  
I was utterly mortified as she chided me, helpless and humiliated and blushing
  so profusely, as her words reduced my stature to that of a small child.  
She took her fingers away from my penis and firmly pressed her finger downwards
  stretching my sphincter widely.  
"Just relax that bare bottom of yours&hellip; ooops there we are, just a
  little push now&hellip;try and relax now&hellip; take a deep breath sweetheart."  
Her words were accompanied by an even firmer pressure from her finger. "Arggghhh&hellip;.oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh.  
I gasped as something large and hard was pressed against the opening before
  being slipped deftly and firmly up into my bottom.  
"Ooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I tried to evade it but could not
  move. I cried out in anguish as the cool hard object was slowly and firmly
  introduced deep into my anus. The increasing girth stretching me widely until
  she finally located the device in an agonising pressure against my prostate.
  She withdrew her fingers leaving my bottom firmly impaled.  
"Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; er ohhhhhhhhhh pleeeeeeeeeeease misss&hellip;.
  er oooohh."  
I gasped and moaned as she reached her hand underneath the bench and again
  felt the hardness of my penis with her finger and thumb.  
"O.K. sweetheart, I am going empty these balls of yours&hellip; hold tight
  now!"  
I could only gasp not knowing what she was going to do. For an instant I
  felt her soft fingers near the crease of my bottom and then suddenly a firm
  and incessant throbbing against the very core of my penis. The sensation was
  so acute that I felt my hips tremble and my legs shake in abandonment as I
  cried out.  
"Arrrrrrggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," My abject wail
  of anguish went unheeded as the device vibrated methodically against my prostate.
  I could not contain my emotions as her hands enveloped my penis and testicles.
  I felt the skin of my foreskin being stretched back as the movement of her
  fingers seemed to join with the incessant throbbing deep within my bottom.  
What she was doing to my penis I did not know&hellip; the sensation was so
  intense that I was incapable of coherent thought. The expert manipulation of
  her fingers upon my captive flesh gave me no respite. Just when one movement
  became almost bearable she changed; pinching or squeezing the sensitive flesh
  in such a way that she almost seemed to have a telepathic knowledge of exactly
  what I was feeling.  
"You are going to come soon&hellip; what a naughty little boy you are&hellip; aren't
  you ashamed of yourself?"  
Her voice sounded casual, almost mocking in its tone, the steady modulation
  in contrast to my utter degradation and anguish as her fingers callously manipulated
  me to a pitch of sexual torment.  
Such was her skill that I did not feel one of her hands momentarily leave
  my penis, but I knew that she must have adjusted the device in my bottom as
  it suddenly throbbed with even greater vigour.  
"Arrrrrrrgggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; ooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh."  
I arched my back in a painful concave arc, lifting my shoulders from the
  bench and throwing my head back as the device pulsed quickly and solidly deep
  within me. Her hands seemed to be touching every nerve of my penis as I ejaculated
  reluctantly and violently. "aarrgggghhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; pleeeease&hellip;nooooooooooooooooooo" My
  pleading and shameful anguish at the intensity of my orgasm elicited no mercy
  from her. I was being milked so thoroughly that I felt I would die of sensation.  
"There we are&hellip; what a big brave boy you are&hellip; just a little
  more now&hellip; you are not finished just yet." Her words seemed to spur my
  ejaculation to even greater vigour as her hands gave me no respite from the
  intensity of my orgasm.  
"There&hellip; what a good little boy&hellip; let me have it all and I will
  turn the vibrator off for you."  
I felt her fingers firmly milk my penis in a downward motion and squeeze
  hard as she reached the tip. Soft fingers touched my bottom for a moment and
  then suddenly&hellip; utter relief as the throbbing in my bottom ceased.  
Her hand reached back underneath me and I felt my testicles being squeezed
  as once again my penis was milked in a deft downward movement. I lay my chest
  back upon the bench, gasping for air as her hands began to move slowly over
  my genitals, caressing my penis and testicles with feathery touches.  
My throat felt hoarse as I gasped and groaned, while she steadied my emotions
  with gentle touches; her fingers carefully avoiding the sensitive glans and
  rim of my penis.  
"Sensitive little fellow aren't you? Never mind sweetie&hellip; its all over
  now! Just lie still for a moment and I will take the vibrator out of your bottom
  and then you can straighten your legs. Hold still honey&hellip;. there that's
  the way&hellip; take a nice deep breath now."  
I felt her hands gently pry my buttocks more widely apart and then suddenly,
  the incredible pressure of my sphincter being stretched wide as the device
  was removed. My knees and legs ached as I straightened them to lie straight
  upon the centre of the bench. I shuddered in anguish and fatigue as she moved
  towards my head and laid her hand gently on my cheek.  
"Poor little baby&hellip; a sound spanking and then having to be milked.
  What a shameful experience for you&hellip; and to think all because you were
  a naughty little boy!"  
Her words were the final shame to my ordeal. Tears formed in my eyes as I
  felt her move away and thankfully relieve me of the constraints of the broad
  leather strap, before carefully covering my bottom with the sheet. My tears
  flowed freely as, moments later, I heard the door close and saw the lights
  being dimmed to a soft glow.  
*  
Althea Jones  
Althea walked along the corridor, her body tingling with delight as the two
  small eggs, which were lodged in her tight little vagina, moved randomly as
  she moved. She could not help pressing her hand over her small pointed breasts,
  feeling the sensitive nipples standing up firmly beneath the shirt she was
  wearing. She hurried to her office. 'If I don't stop moving around soon,' she
  thought, 'I am going to cum again&hellip; is that possible, she mused&hellip; three
  times in thirty minutes?'  
Althea had the ability to not be surprised by anything that she thought or
  did. She knew, that she selfishly allowed herself to do most things at least
  once.  
'How can you know if you like it or not&hellip; if you don't try it;' she
  reasoned.  
Her humiliation of the young boy had been heaven. His blushing face and trembling
  lips had thrilled her more than she had ever thought possible. Having control
  over a boy always thrilled her, but having control over such a good looking
  and acquiescent boy was a delight that she had savoured.  
Each small part of his subjugation had thrilled her to such an extent that
  she could replay every part in her mind with absolute clarity. Recall at a
  moment's notice the exquisite expression of utter embarrassment on his face
  as she had bared his bottom; or the gasps of utter degradation as she had impaled
  his sphincter with her vibrator.  
She could not have said which part was best. Each little part of her skilled
  and expert control of his emotions had been perfect. Seeing him squirm in anguish,
  as the relentless throbbing of the device, had sent him into paroxysms of utter
  embarrassment and sexual torture. Watching his face as she had verbally reduced
  his stature to that of a small boy; each part had added up to a sensuous and
  emotionally triumphant thrill.  
One thing she was sure of&hellip; she would make sure&hellip; dammed sure
  that the opportunity occurred again. She did not know how&hellip; but she was
  determined that it would. 'Soon she thought&hellip; I need that kind of thrill
  again&hellip; soon.  
At last she reached her chair and sat down, pushing her flattened hand down
  between her tummy and the waistband of her skirt: her fingers had hardly touched
  the smoothly shaven lips of her vagina when she threw her head back and trembled
  in orgasmic pleasure; again and again, shuddering in the delicious thrill that
  rippled through her whole being.  
From the moment that she been asked if she minded staying overnight by her
  friend and co-conspirator, Debbie Pearson; she had relished the thought of
  what she would do to the boy, slipping the hand made ivory eggs into her vagina
  had been a stroke of genius. So thrilled was she with her performance upon
  the boy's fragile emotions, that she had been able to orgasm by simply squeezing
  her legs together.  
'Tomorrow,' she thought, 'I am going to have a serious talk with my lovely
  friend, Sister Debbie Pearson&hellip; 'cos, if you don't do it sister&hellip; I
  will!' She chuckled to herself and then suddenly realised that she should think
  about getting some sleep before morning.  
*  
Stephen  
The warders led me along the corridor, walking either side of me and holding
  me loosely, their fingertips gently resting on the inside of my upper arms.  
They had awoken me earlier with a cup of coffee, even taking the trouble
  to bring sugar and cream which they added after asking me.  
I had blushed as I thought about the events during the night. I had blushed
  to an even deeper red as one of the pretty warders had gently lifted the sheet
  baring my body totally. I had watched in dismay as she folded the sheet and
  placed it on a table by the doorway. The second warder had placed her hand
  on my back and stroked her fingers over my shoulders. "OK Stephen, time to
  go." Was the only information I was given as I blushed in shame at my nakedness.
  I was aware that my penis was engorged as I slid my body off the bed, shivering
  as the movement caused my buttocks to clench. I had placed my hands over my
  groin in shame as I turned to face the two pretty warders.  
They had taken me by the arms and pulled my hands away from my groin amplifying
  my humiliation as they both looked down together at my turgid penis, their
  eyes twinkling in amusement.  
I had no idea where we were going as I walked naked and ashamed, sandwiched
  between their tall athletic bodies. We turned into a small room where a small
  number of breakfast plates had been prepared on a plastic topped table. The
  table, which occupied the centre of the room, also held a coffee flask, cups
  and jugs, as well as pots of various sizes. I looked at the plate, feeling
  hunger for the first time since I had arrived at the punishment center. The
  warders sat me down gently on one of the four chairs which surrounded the table.
  I gasped at the first contact of my buttocks with the plastic padding of the
  chair. Slowly I eased myself on to its surface finally letting my weight down
  on to my bottom.  
"Guess you are a little sore after your session yesterday&hellip; never mind
  honey&hellip; it gets better so they tell me." One of the warders stepped forward
  and unscrewed the lid of the flask.  
"Its been prepared for you, so eat what you want&hellip; coffee is in the
  flask. We are going to trust you to remain where you are until we come for
  you. What ever you do, don't wander off, it is punishable by another session
  with the strap&hellip; and we don't think you would want that."  
I could hear them laughing as they walked back through the open doorway and
  into the corridor.  
It was over three quarters of an hour later when they returned and led me
  to the Center Principle's office. They knocked and waited until the door was
  opened by a young girl I had not seen before. She, like all the other staff
  in the Punishment Center, was extremely pretty. She was wearing a white shirt
  and navy skirt which only came to mid thigh. The skirt was cut loosely and
  swished about her lovely tanned thighs as she moved. Her legs were bare and
  her skin glistened with health. She was wearing dainty sandals on her small
  feet. Her hair was dark, almost black and cut to shoulder length, it shone
  with health, glistening as she moved her head to look at me. Her small mouth
  spread to reveal perfect teeth as she smiled, not with friendship, but rather
  with amusement at my naked humiliation as I was made to stand for her inspection.
  Her blue eyes twinkled with an almost scornful expression as I began to tremble
  with anguish.  
She looked me up and down, her eyes casually examining my nakedness, before
  looking curiously at my blushing face. I was about to cover myself, but the
  sudden firm grip upon my arms pre-empted my impulse.  
Her voice was casual and relaxed.  
"Bring him in&hellip; you know the routine."  
I was led into a smart modern office. There were two desks, one was obviously
  for the young secretary and the other, which had a large glass surface, was
  placed in front of a huge window which ran from floor to ceiling. Behind the
  desk was the lady who had so casually instructed Sister Pearson to masturbate
  me before I was punished.  
I felt utterly humiliated as I was led to stand, not in front of the desk,
  but around to the side by her chair.  
She turned towards me as the two warders took a firm hold of my arms and
  stretched them outwards until they were parallel to my shoulders. They held
  me in that position as the woman pulled her chair forward until her knees were
  actually touching mine.  
"Open your legs and stand with your feet as wide apart as they will go." Her
  tone was quiet but firm. I blushed as I moved my legs apart, I could not help
  the shiver that ran through my body as she leaned forward and cupped her hands
  under my scrotum. I watched unable to draw my eyes away as she used her other
  hand to casually take a firm hold of my penis. I gasped at the sudden intimate
  handling of my genitals. "Timid little fellow aren't you? How does your bottom
  feel this morning?"  
She looked up at me, her smart business suit and her carefully made up face
  and beautifully groomed hair, contrasting surreally with my trembling nakedness.  
I managed to mumble a reply as the young girl, which had let us into the
  room, moved to stand by the side of the Center principle. I felt nothing but
  shame as the woman casually handled my penis and testicles in front of her,
  as if my nakedness and ultimate humiliation was of no consequence.  
I gasped as my penis throbbed in her hand. I began to shiver as she retracted
  the foreskin, casually exposing me fully to the gaze of the girl and the two
  warders.  
I tried to avoid the young girl's interested appraisal of my genitals as
  she suddenly looked at me directly. Her voice was almost a drawl as she looked
  down at my genitals which the Center principle was holding firmly.  
"Quick on the trigger isn't he. It amazes me how little control these young
  boys seem to have over their penises. Well he was certainly first in the queue
  with that cocky piece of meat."  
I blushed profusely as the Center principle let go of my genitals&hellip; and
  to my horror, left my penis pointing upwards towards the ceiling.  
I felt the grip on my arms tighten as the girl leaned forward and reached
  towards my penis with her hands. I could do nothing but blush and tremble as
  she nonchalantly tapped the tip of my penis with her slender fingers. I felt
  my penis bob up and down before feeling the girl's fingers wrap gently around
  the entire shaft. I was in turmoil as she slipped the foreskin back, exposing
  me fully once more.  
"Cute little fellah isn't he? Guess you young boys have no shame." She held
  me firmly as she turned her head towards her superior, her pretty lips widening
  into a grin as she spoke.  
"Are we going to milk him before the Justice's visit, y'know&hellip; drain
  these fellahs?" She casually placed her other hand underneath my testicles
  and hefted the soft orbs of flesh in the palm of her hand. I almost fainted
  with embarrassment and shame as the warders held me firmly with my arms stretched
  out and my legs spread wide. Chuckling softly she continued.  
"Or shall we have him walking around with his penis swinging about like this
  all day?" She took her hand from my penis and then playfully, slapped it from
  one side and then from the other. I blushed to a deep shade of red as everyone
  laughed at my penis swinging wildly like a pendulum.  
The principle looked up at my face, seeing the tears in my eyes she spoke
  softly.  
"OK Liz I think that will do. Just turn him around and bend him right over
  and then you can get take him for his prep and his bath."  
She waited for the girl to let go of me and then reached forward and traced
  her fingers over the smoothly shaven flesh around my penis and testicles.  
"He won't need another shave&hellip; tell them." She waited as my trembling
  body was turned by the two warders until I was facing away from the Center
  principle and the young girl. Gently but firmly they bent me over. I gasped
  with shame and indignity as one of the warders moved in front of my head, which
  was hanging low and then held it in her hands.  
She moved forward, straddling me between her long and athletic legs, gripping
  my head between her knees. She leaned over me and I felt her soft hands slide
  smoothly across my back and around my hips. She slipped them underneath me
  and pulled upwards against my hip bones, making me raise my bottom. The other
  warder tapped the inside of my thighs with the palm of her hand, until I had
  spread my legs widely apart. I shivered in absolute shame as I looked between
  my legs to see the Center principle lean forward and place both her hands gently
  against my buttocks.  
"Argghhhhhhhhhhhhh." I gasped as she gently prised my buttocks apart and
  examined my flesh closely.  
After she seemed satisfied with the condition of my bottom, she reached beneath
  me and patted my penis.  
"Alright young man you can go and get your bath." I gasped again as I was
  allowed to straighten up and led across the room and through the door.  
Moments later I entered the room where I had been so shamefully prepared
  for my medical examination. The nurses were all there waiting for me&hellip; as
  was Sister Pearson. I could have died with shame as her eyes went immediately
  to my genitals. I caught the smile on her face as she turned away from me and
  addressed the four nurses. OK&hellip; a good enema and then bath him thoroughly.
  Shave his face, but leave his genitals&hellip; although on second thoughts
  you can shave in between his bottom. I imagine that part will be getting a
  close examination this afternoon." She turned back towards me and looked at
  the warders holding me by the arms. "Just hold him tight for a moment." I blushed
  as she casually smoothed her hands around my penis, avoiding touching the shaft,
  but carefully feeling the above it as well as between my legs. I shivered as
  her hand brushed against my testicles as she deftly examined me between my
  legs.  
She turned her head to look over her shoulder at the four young nurses who
  were watching with interest as she casually smoothed her hand over my pubic
  area.  
"He seems OK but you can check for yourselves."  
She looked at me, her face showing some concern as she saw my shame.  
"I am just going to look at your bottom honey."  
She moved behind me and I felt her fingers slide gently over my wounded buttocks." OK
  Sunshine&hellip; you will do."  
She walked back past me and back to the four nurses who were stood by the
  examination bench, where I had first been given an enema.  
"Better get on with it girls&hellip; I will be in my office if you need me.
  Without looking back she walked towards the door and exited the room.  
My shame seemed to know no bounds as they made me kneel on the bench, their
  soft hands moving and positioning me until my head was laid on the surface
  and my bottom was high in the air with my knees spread wide. I watched as one
  of the blonde haired nurses stood by my head&hellip; deliberately and slowly,
  she pulled on a pair of rubber gloves, her hands only inches from my face.  
She looked at me with a knowing expression on her face, making absolutely
  sure that I was watching her attentively before she sensuously lubricated the
  fingers of her right hand.  
I could not help but watch her performance, shivering with shame and humiliation,
  as she made the finger and thumb of her left hand into an 'O' and slipped the
  lubricated forefinger through it in a gesture of penetration.  
I felt the hands of one of the nurses gently part my tender buttocks, her
  touch was gentle, but she firmly parted them until I was stretched widely apart.
  The blonde nurse gave me one last look before she moved to the foot of the
  bench and reached forward, her hands slipping unhindered between the cheeks
  of my bottom.  
I gasped as the cool lubricating gel touched my skin. "Oooooohhh&hellip; arggghh." I
  felt the nurse's fingers press against my tightly constricted sphincter. The
  pressure of her fingers increased as she spoke to me." Relax Sweetie&hellip; and
  take a nice deep breath." I had hardly begun to inhale as her finger suddenly
  impaled me. I could not help trying to raise myself from the bench as she penetrated
  me deeply, her finger sliding right up to the hilt.  
I felt hands upon my shoulders pressing me down as she began to work her
  finger in and out of my bottom. I could feel the knuckle stretch me as she
  began to work her finger more quickly.  
I had seen nothing of the preparation of the enema as a cold object was pressed
  against the upper part of the crevice of my bottom.  
"Oooohhhhh&hellip; oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I gasped, as suddenly
  the nozzle slid slowly and steadily up through my sphincter and deep inside
  my bottom. I was held firmly as the nozzle widened, stretching me unbearably
  wide, before my sphincter closed firmly over the narrowed part of the nozzle.  
The nozzle felt longer and deeper than the one they had used the day before
  and I felt thoroughly penetrated as warm water began to gush up inside me.  
"Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip; owwwwwwww." The feeling of my stomach
  being rapidly inflated caused me to yelp. I felt soft hands slip between my
  legs and brush against my testicles and erect penis before being flattened,
  palms upwards, against my tummy. "There we are Sweetie; we'll just rub your
  little tummy to stop you getting the cramps&hellip; Try and hold still and
  let the water do its work.  
I began to feel bloated, but as the nurse had promised, their hands kneaded
  my tummy and eased the discomfort. My humiliation was causing me far greater
  anguish than the pressure of the water inside me.  
Whether it was accidental or deliberate I could not tell, but the nurses'
  hands constantly rubbed or tapped against the tip of my penis. The wrist of
  the nurse who had accessed my tummy now constantly contacted intimately against
  my testicles and the shaft of my penis.  
I started to gasp as the water filled me with an incredible pressure. I could
  feel that my tummy was greatly distended and grunted as the discomfort had
  now become pain.  
"There we are&hellip; all done. What a good little boy you are. Now we are
  going to let you evacuate just where you are. We are going to help you to raise
  yourself up, but not move your legs or knees. Cindy will put a pan between
  your legs.  
I gasped and groaned as they helped me raise my upper body so that I was
  in an upright position, albeit on my knees. I felt the cold stainless steel
  pan being slipped between my legs as two of the nurses stood at each side of
  me, holding me steady. I blushed as I looked down at my erect penis which was
  jutting out lewdly from between my thighs. I could see from the faces of the
  nurses that the cause of my embarrassment had not gone unnoticed.  
Their free hands once again returned to rub my tummy, knocking against the
  shaft of my penis constantly as they held me in an upright position.  
I could only close my eyes in shame as they continued to stroke their hands
  gently from my chest right down to where the trunk of my penis joins my body.  
I could not help gasping every so often as their fingers touched or tapped
  against my penis keeping me erect as they held me steady.  
I could feel my stomach bursting to rid itself of the copious amounts of
  water that had been forced up inside. I groaned and even in my shame had to
  look at one of the nurses. "I c' cant hold it any er&hellip; longer er&hellip; miss" I
  stammered as I felt the inevitable my sphincter giving way to the pressure.  
"Aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh." I groaned in acute anguish
  as, almost callously, I felt one of the nurses abruptly pull the nozzle from
  up inside my bottom. I almost fainted with the pain as my sphincter was stretched
  wide to accommodate the widest part of the device. I evacuated the moment the
  nozzle was pulled clear, blushing profusely as I heard the sound of the water
  empty into the pan.  
My ears rang with shame as I heard her next words. "There we are&hellip; your
  potty training must have been really thorough Stephen!"  
I felt a warm cloth wipe between my thighs and the cheeks of my bottom, this
  action too, seemed to be the cause of merriment amongst the young nurses. "You
  have been a very good boy Stephen, but you are in no position to wipe your
  own bottom, so I will have to wipe it for you&hellip; little boys never seem
  to wipe their bottoms properly."  
I groaned with embarrassment as they examined the contents of the pan.  
"Good boy&hellip; you are almost done. Do you think that you could lay on
  your side and not hurt your bottom. Do you think you could do that for me Stephen?"  
I shivered in shame as the pan was taken away and the nurses helped me to
  lie on my side. I turned a deep shade of red, blushing with shame as I was
  laid down facing the blonde nurse who had inserted the nozzle into my anus.
  My penis was pointing straight towards her, she reached and casually took it
  in her hand, her fingers wrapping around the shaft and pushing the foreskin
  down towards my body.  
"My you are a big boy today. Do you think you can draw your knees up to your
  chest for me?" I trembled in shame as she held me in a firm grip for several
  moments before letting me go.  
My penis felt as hard as rock as they took hold of my legs and drew them
  up, before turning me onto my back so that my bottom was lifted off the surface
  of the bed. They placed a rolled up towel under the bottom of my spine and
  two nurses, one at each side of me, forced my legs back until my knees where
  nearly touching my face.  
I watched the smaller of the two blonde nurses casually take a huge syringe
  from off the instrument tray and depress the plunger slightly until water shot
  out of the long and frightening looking nozzle. She looked at me, her amused
  expression making me feel uneasy.  
"I am just going to give you a little cleansing squirt in your bottom and
  then we will all give you a nice warm bath and make you look like a nice clean
  little boy for the Sister."  
Her words belittled me even more, making me feel wretched and ashamed as
  the dark haired nurse greased the nozzle of the syringe in an exaggerated display,
  her hand smoothing over the nozzle as if it were a penis.  
I could only gasp, looking up at the ceiling after she had caught my eye
  and given me a professional smile.  
I felt hands between my legs and could not help looking as the dark haired
  nurse gently parted my buttocks, while her companion moved forward with the
  huge syringe. I watched gasping in despair as the nurse insinuated her finger
  right up through my sphincter and into my bottom.  
"Arggggggghhhhhhhh&hellip; ooooooooOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH. I tried to shuffle
  my bottom away from the pressure of her finger and the initial probing of the
  syringe, much to the twinkle eyed amusement of all the nurses.  
After that I groaned continuously as, first the nozzle was deftly and swiftly
  navigated up through my sphincter and then pushed firmly up into position,
  the rounded tip, seemingly reaching right up into my stomach.  
"OoooooooooOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH&hellip;. Arrrhhhh." I was allowed no respite
  as the nurse who was holding the syringe looked at me and spoke gently, still
  with a twinkle of amusement in her pretty eyes.  
"Take a nice deep breath for me Sweetie." I managed to comply just as she
  pressed the plunger, her firm action sending a gush of water deep inside me. "Arggggggggh.
  Please noooooooo&hellip;." I wanted to lift up off the table, anything to escape
  the acute sensation that I felt within my bottom. The nurses held my legs firmly
  as the dark haired nurse casually reached forward and took both my erect penis
  and my testicles in her hands, squeezing them gently.  
"OOOoooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH." I threw my head back and wailed
  as the blonde nurse emptied the entire contents of the syringe; the torrent
  of water racing up into my bottom, the liquid gushing fiercely as it seemed
  to penetrate the whole of my torso.  
"Steady now, my poor baby&hellip; it will soon be over now, what a brave
  little boy you are." Her words only added fuel to the flames of my embarrassment.  
I was in a continuum of anguish and shame as they busied themselves about
  me. First taking the nozzle from my bottom and then manoeuvring me off the
  bed and making me stand on the floor in a squatting position above the pan.  
One of the nurses was holding a gloved hand up between my bottom cheeks,
  pressing hard on my sphincter to stop me evacuating too soon.  
"That's the way my brave boy&hellip; squat down like a good little Indian." I
  could have died with shame. I knew there were tears in my eyes as eventually
  they prompted me to evacuate with pressure on my tummy and a sudden and humiliating
  stretching of my buttocks&hellip; soft fingers, gently but firmly separating
  my buttocks until they were obscenely spread.  
The bath was no less of an embarrassment and humiliation. They washed me
  thoroughly, my hair, my neck, my ears and of course the utter shame of their
  hands casually and flippantly toying with my penis and testicles.  
They made be adopt the most humiliating of postures as they shaved my bottom
  and around my penis&hellip; making be bend then stretch as they denuded me
  of any hair.  
Hands were everywhere&hellip; my foreskin, deftly retracted as busy fingers
  washed behind the rim; the slender fingers wriggling between the tender cheeks
  of my buttocks and the final insult: the erect finger that penetrated my sphincter,
  making me rise up on my tiptoes as it probed and explored deep within my tortured
  bottom.  
My lips were trembling in shame and there were tears in my eyes as I was
  stood on the tiled floor, with my legs stretched widely apart to await further
  indignities.  
I was dried like a young child&hellip; held with my arms out by the amused
  and pretty warders, as every crevice of my naked body was diligently wiped.
  I was naked and ashamed as the warders positioned my body to await the Sisters
  inspection. I was made to stand with my feet together my back arched straight
  and my hands clasped to the top of my head. When they had positioned me they
  stepped a few paces back behind me.  
I felt utterly degraded and shamed as I stood waiting to have my naked body
  examined by the beautiful Sister Pearson&hellip; the girl I had dreamed of
  as a suitor, rather than the juvenile and degrading position I was in now.
  The embarrassment was so intense and acute, that it made the nerves in my teeth
  stand on edge.  
I watched and waited as the nurses gathered around a table at the far end
  of the room. One of them talking on the telephone as another sat on the table
  top, her leg swinging to and fro as she relaxed. I could see that the nurses'
  focus of attention was still my naked body as I stood trembling in my cocoon
  of shame.  
I waited in trepidation as the nurses sat casually relaxing at the far end
  of the room. I nearly jumped out of my skin as the door opened noisily and
  the Sister walked into the room. She looked beautiful and radiant, her face
  so perfect that I was mesmerised by her. Her lips wore newly applied lipstick
  and her eyes were exquisitely made up to accent the deep emerald green of the
  iris.  
She was dressed in a fresh white tunic, the thin and expensive looking material,
  clinging to her body almost in symmetry to her tall and lithe figure. She wore
  the blue and gold belt and epaulettes of her rank upon her waist and shoulders.  
She looked at the nurses and then walked quickly towards me, until her body
  was only a few inches from mine. I could smell the subtle and clean sophisticated
  scent of her perfume as she peered closely at my tearstained face and trembling
  lips.  
She looked concerned, but I thought I also detected a spectre of delight
  in her face, as she dropped her head to examine the rest of my body. She made
  no pretence at hiding the fact that she was examining my erect penis. She stooped
  down and looked carefully at my penis and testicles.  
I could not help myself as my penis throbbed once, lifting upwards and then
  dropping back down in a series of pulses, completely remote to my own will.  
I could have wailed in grief at the utter and abject embarrassment I felt,
  as it happened suddenly and unexpectedly only a few inches away from her face.  
I was dreading her looking at me as she eventually finished examining my
  genitalia and stood up meeting my eyes, directly and enquiringly. I coloured
  up instantly, in a violent reddening of my cheeks, the flesh burned in shame
  and anguish as I was forced to meet her gaze. Her expression was thoughtful
  and yet amused in a wistful way. She did not speak, but carefully looked into
  my face, her eyes moving over my features, mesmerising me with her beauty as
  she examined every contour, crease and angle of my face.  
It seemed to be many moments before she moved around me and I stood trembling
  knowing that she was examining my naked body intimately and that I could do
  nothing about it. I stood there for what seemed like an age before she reappeared
  in front of me. Her voice was soft and made me tingle with the quality of it
  as she spoke.  
"Open your mouth wide, there's a good boy." I blushed, managing to part my
  trembling lips quite widely. "As wide as you can for me&hellip;. now let's
  see." It was too much for me as her body moved to touch mine. I could feel
  the tip of my penis pressing against her pubis before it slid up to be sandwiched
  between her tummy and mine.  
The cool gentle fingers of her left hand slipped around my waist and held
  me close as she brought her other hand gently up to my face and pressed gently
  downwards on my chin. Her voice whispered as I became totally intoxicated by
  the feel of her body and the closeness of her beautiful face against mine.  
She peered into my mouth, her gentle fingers tilting my head from side to
  side as I stood naked with my hands pressed against the top of my head.  
At last she seemed satisfied. She stood back and looked at my naked body
  once more, her eyes examining me everywhere.  
As if it was an afterthought, she moved forward again and spoke softly. "Stand
  up straight with your back arched, looking straight ahead." I did as I was
  told only to blush with horror and the absurdness of my situation as her fingers
  delicate brushed over my penis.  
She seemed to caress my penis rather than examine it, which to my dismay
  started to throb violently. She let go of me and quickly cupped my testicles
  in the palm of her hand and lifted them upwards. "Cough please Stephen." I
  was trembling all over as I coughed loudly, hoping not to prolong the stimulation
  of her hand cupping my scrotum.  
She seemed satisfied and once again stood back.  
"Thank you Stephen, you have been a good boy."  
She smiled at me&hellip; and I perceived it to be a genuine smile as she
  quickly turned away and walked over to the nurses.  
After a few words with all of them, she left the room without looking at
  me again.  
It was two of the dark haired nurses rather than the warders who led me back
  to the padded bench where I had spent the night. With little fuss they positioned
  me, holding my penis as they fed the erect flesh through the hole in the surface.
  I felt the nurse stroke her hands over my genitals from underneath the bed
  before they both busied themselves with strapping me down. The strap was not
  too tight and I lay with reasonable physical comfort as they covered me with
  the sheet. To my embarrassment the smaller of the two nurses lifted the sheet
  and uncovered my buttocks. She stroked her hand over my sore bottom cheeks,
  her fingers trailing with the delicacy of a feather.  
"You will have about an hour here so rest&hellip; or sleep if you can." I
  watched them leave; the lights were not turned down but remained brightly lit.  
*  
Debbie Pearson  
Debbie had had a virtually sleepless night but had still arrived early for
  her day's duty. She had spent much of her time in deep thought, her usual and
  conscientious way of working things out had prevailed and she had written down
  several plans of action. One by one she had discarded them, but kept segments
  of the better ones combining them, until at last she had made up her mind.  
The real success of such a relationship will rely not on subterfuge or deceit,
  but on playing by the rules, as long as of course one could manipulate the
  rules first. She smiled at the thought as she looked across the corner of the
  table to her confident&hellip; Constance Hartman.  
Constance spoke with consummate authority her voice well modulated and clear&hellip; as
  if she were in court.  
Yes it is perfectly legal. You are over the age of twenty-one years, and
  as such are an adult, with the same rights as a person twice or even three
  times your age. You are a valued citizen of this community. You are employed
  in a responsible and valued job. With my recommendation there would never be
  any question of your suitability. I think the idea is wonderful and I am sure
  that I can get my fellow justices to sign immediately and&hellip; I can tell
  you no department in this city would ever question the recommendation of three
  Justices of the Peace.  
Debbie looked thoughtful and then spoke quietly to the Senior Judge.  
"Would it not seem unusual to have him living there? Would not that be brought
  into question?"  
Constance looked at her and replied confidently.  
"Of course not; he is a minor. I am going to state that he is not mature
  and it is a blessing that he was brought to the attention of the court. The
  order takes him to his legal age of adulthood and until that time he will be
  your ward: bound over to you and subject to your rules. It is not unusual for
  the person that has a ward bound over to them to take a keen rather than summary
  interest in their welfare. We have several upright citizens, which I could
  quote you or anyone else that should enquire, who take a keen day to day interest
  and control of their wards."  
Constance paused and looked seriously at Debbie.  
"I assure you that feeling the way you do&hellip; and I know you have deliberated
  well&hellip; it will be not only be beneficial to you, but to him too. I think
  you are right about his passion for you and by the end of today you will know&hellip; and
  if your suspicions about him are completely wrong then I can easily relieve
  you of your responsibility. How does that sound do we have a deal?"  
Constance laughed and Debbie smiled, secure and happy in her decision.  
Debbie had really made up her mind yesterday, but had promised herself that
  she would scrutinise him again today, to confirm her decision. There were few
  pitfalls but very much more to gain. She knew that she would never be able
  to live a normal life again, the Punishment Center had seen to that. It had
  awakened latent desires that she had not consciously realised that she had
  had. Her financial circumstances made working at the Center a vocation, rather
  than a means to earn a living. She was convinced that she would never be able
  to marry in the normal sense, after all what bedtime activity could compare
  with the normal procedures operated at the Center on a daily basis!  
She stood up and helped Constance clear the tray of coffee and biscuits from
  the surface of the enormous plate glass conference table.  
They both arranged the chairs so that only the side of table furthest away
  from the door would have seating. Their view would be unhindered.  
Although Debbie was aware that she would go through the motions of her work
  for the rest of the day, she knew that her interest would be less than attentive.
  She had but one image in her mind&hellip; and that was walking through her
  own front door&hellip; with her prize.  
She excused herself from Constance and returned to her office. Like the senior
  personnel at the Center, her office afforded her every luxury&hellip; and today
  she was glad of her personal facilities. She entered her bathroom, which was
  large and beautifully tiled in Tuscan. There was a large bath and shower, double
  sink and bidet. The walls, where not tiled, were mirrored; affording a rear
  view as well as a front view by the reflected person standing in certain parts
  of the bathroom.  
Off to the side of the bathroom was her personal dressing room where, as
  well as her uniforms, she kept a variety of summer and winter clothes.  
Shelves and cupboards lined the dressing room, filled with her personal effects,
  makeup, toiletries and simple jewellery. She had on several occasions attended
  unplanned functions straight from the Center building, without having to return
  home for an appropriate dress or pair of shoes.  
She undressed slowly and sensuously, her mood dreamily surreal as she watched
  herself in the mirror. As she became nude, she stood to appraise her body.
  Her breasts were her most unusual feature. Full and firm, they were perfectly
  proportioned to her slender and lithe body. The unusual feature of her breasts
  was the second mound of flesh that surrounded the nipple.  
It was so pronounced that it was like a small second breast placed on the
  centre of the first. She had only ever seen breasts like hers once before and
  that had been on a German Television programme that had been dubbed into English
  for PBS.  
The documentary was supposed to chronicling the daily life of a tribe of
  Africans. Debbie had been drawn to the pictures of the female population, who
  all seemed to carry the same physical make-up. While the men of the tribe were
  very average in their physique and certainly could not be described as handsome,
  the women were tall and beautiful and their breasts had certainly taken the
  eye of the cameraman.  
More and more throughout the programme he had concentrated his camera upon
  this physical feature, so much so, that she was certain that PBS would not
  be showing it again, certainly not as a documentary about tribal way of life.  
The plump and prominent secondary mounds of flesh of the African girls were
  so alluring that she had stripped off her clothes and compared her own breasts
  in her mirror to those of the tribal girls. She realised that the shape was
  exactly the same and that her own plump mounds of flesh were certainly as prominent
  and as large as those of the televised girls.  
She had always been aware from the time of her first serious date that boys
  could not get enough of her. The odd boyfriends that she had tolerated for
  short periods of time had been extremely hard to get rid of once they had caught
  site of the alluring look of her breasts.  
She leisurely examined her body, noting that her stomach was absolutely flat
  and firm and accented another unusual feature of her body. The flatness of
  her tummy accented the exaggerated prominence of her pubic mound. The flesh
  was pliant and firm and swelled to a perfect mound that dipped sexily between
  her legs.  
The lips of her vagina were plump and reminded her of two perfectly smooth
  and firm wedges of peach. There was a patch of soft pubic hair, about the size
  of a silver dollar, above the crease of her vagina; this was the only hair
  she had upon her body below her eyebrows. Her underarms as well as her pubic
  and anal area were completely and naturally bereft of hair. She had often thought
  that it was a good job that it was fashionable to shave ones arms and pubis
  in this country. She had met other girls who from birth, had little or no hair
  on their bodies, but had never met anyone with such a perfect arrangement as
  herself.  
She examined her long beautifully shaped legs, turning full circle in the
  mirror to appraise the tone and quality of her perfectly proportioned limbs.
  Even her feet were neat and small. Like her slender and articulate hands, her
  feet followed the same petite proportions. Although Debbie possessed a degree
  of modesty that others found difficult to maintain, she had known that she
  was indeed blessed with an unusual and superior face and body. For a pretty
  girl, it does not take long, even from an early age, to know that you are superior
  in looks. The attention of boys from that early age breeds hauteur that, often
  subconsciously, is designed to keep admirers at their distance.  
She turned again, this time examining her beautifully firm buttocks. The
  smooth skin of the perfectly shaped hillocks of her bottom glistened with health
  under the lights of the bathroom.  
She smiled to herself as she thought about the course she had embarked upon.  
'I wonder if he will enjoy the benefits,' she mused as she let her long slender
  fingers trickle magically over her breasts, before firmly sliding down her
  flat tummy to the prominent mound below.  
Slowly she teased open the firm plump lips and dipped her fingers gently
  between the springy firmness of the pliant wedges of flesh. It took but a few
  moments before her body shuddered in a tightly confined, but delicious orgasm.  
Her mouth opened in rapture, her small beautifully shaped lips opening to
  reveal her perfect teeth as she breathed in deeply.  
'Yes my young man,' she thought, you will suit me wonderfully well and if
  you are a good boy, reap your reward&hellip; but under firm control.  
*  
Stephen  
I was awoken by one of the young nurses. I had managed to sleep, possibly
  because of the lack of sleep during the night, but my sleep had been fitful
  and troubled when at last I did manage to doze off.  
I became aware of my childlike and vulnerable position as I felt the nurse
  undo the buckle of the strap and her hand gently smooth over my bared bottom.
  I blushed immediately as a second girl entered the room. It was the young girl
  from the Center Principle's office. Her pretty lips widened into a smile as
  she saw my blushing face and bared bottom.  
The nurse spoke as she released my waist from the strap. "Right this is Miss
  Liz Bryson, she is going to supervise you while you have your photograph taken.
  I blushed again as I heard her words. I was about to ask why I was to be photographed,
  when the young girl spoke to me, her voice firm and sharp.  
"Did Sergeant Leander not tell you Stephen&hellip; Sweetie? You don't question
  the rules&hellip; got it?" I gasped as she reached underneath the bench and
  tapped my flaccid penis with her fingertips. "Got it?"  
I stammered unable to contain my shame in front of the young girl and the
  nurse. "Er Yes&hellip; er miss&hellip; I won't do it again."  
She deliberately tapped my penis one more time. "Good boy, that's what I
  like to hear."  
Another walk down the corridor with my hands clasped to my head ensued, this
  time thankfully, with my penis soft and flaccid. They led me to a large room
  which had camera lights and tripods of various descriptions set up against
  a white roll backdrop. There were several large bodied digital cameras mounted
  on tripods with wheeled dollies underneath them, each with a different type
  of lens and matte-box.  
The room had a large floor area with only a row of cupboards on one wall,
  they were topped with a shiny surface upon which were flat monitor screens
  and powerful looking computers.  
Against the backdrop was a trestle with a padded surface and to the side
  of the white roll background was a large measurement graphic which had the
  various heights printed in large non-serif typography.  
There was an open doorway further along the back-dropped wall. I stood and
  waited as the door was closed behind me. The nurse left me with Miss Bryson
  and walked through the open doorway. Miss Bryson stood in front of me, her
  arms were folded across her breasts and she stood looking at me. I dropped
  my head in shame at her unhurried appraisal of my naked form. I was standing
  with my legs together and my hands upon my head as she stepped towards me and
  put her hand upon my cheek, making sure that I looked her in the eyes as she
  spoke.  
"Right my little Honey-bunch&hellip; I am going to photograph you. You may
  be wondering why, so as it is not a secret, I will tell you. The records of
  your crime are kept along with a photograph of your punishment, copies of which
  are sent to the court. You have to remember that you are now a convicted criminal
  and as such will be held on record for the rest of your life."  
I looked at her pretty face, blushing as she continued to speak softly to
  me.  
"The photographs along with the disc recording of your punishment will also
  show that you were punished properly and fairly and that no other part of your
  body was hurt." I blushed as I realised that my strapping had been recorded.
  I had not been aware of any cameras at the time of my punishment.  
"The fact that we have these photographs and recordings ensures that our
  naughty boys and girls are too embarrassed to reveal what transpires at a Punishment
  Center&hellip; can you imagine the shame of your friends seeing you screaming,
  while a pretty girl straps your little bottom."  
I coloured up again, my lips trembled as her eyes fixed on mine. "I can see
  that you are no different, embarrassed are we Sweetie?"  
My attention was drawn to the doorway, which I could see over her shoulder.
  To my dismay the Sergeant, who had strapped me, walked into the room followed
  by all four of the nurses. I trembled in humiliation as they approached me.  
Miss Bryson, looked over her shoulder and then turned back to me, her eyes
  looking at me curiously. "Timid little fellow aren't you&hellip; never mind,
  let's get this job done."  
The nurses came to stand either side of me as Miss Bryson left me and walked
  over to the camera equipment. It was Sergeant Leander that stepped in front
  of me and casually placed her hand on my shoulder.  
 Her attire was the same as she had been wearing at my induction. She fingered
  the cattle prod that was holstered in her belt and looked at me her eyes, searching
  my face. "OK Honey&hellip; you're going to be embarrassed whether you like
  it or not. You ought to realise straight away, that we have the power to fasten
  you down and deliver another four strokes to that bottom of yours. I know you
  wouldn't want that so I am advising you to do what we say, quickly&hellip; and
  without fuss or comment."  
"What do you do Sweetie Pie?"  
I could not keep the tremor from my voice as I looked at her pretty face.
  I had a peculiar feeling as I realised it was those pretty hands that had held
  the strap and beaten me so cruelly.  
"I&hellip; er will&hellip; er obey&hellip;er quickly and.. er without fuss
  or comment&hellip;er miss." I could feel tears in my eyes as I looked at her.
  For some reason I wanted her to put her arms around me and comfort me. Instead
  she reached forward, her hand moving quickly between my legs, and took a gentle
  but firm hold of my testicles. Her fingers felt cool and smooth against my
  shaven scrotum. I gasped and shivered as her fingers enveloped my testicles.  
"Don't move." She commanded sternly she squeezed once and then let me go.  
"Argghh." I gasped as I felt the firm pressure of her fingers.  
"OK Honey, first shot. Take your hands from your head and go to the trestle
  over there. Bend right over the bench. Spread your legs as wide as you can
  and rest the palms of your hands on the floor, with your hips resting on the
  padding. I am not going to help you&hellip; you are going to do it yourself&hellip; what
  are you going to do?"  
I blushed, my face burning with shame and my lips trembling as I answered
  her. "Er&hellip; please miss&hellip; I am going to bend over the bench.. er
  with my legs spread apart and my er&hellip; hands on the floor."  
She stroked my cheek gently and smiled at me. What a good boy&hellip; that's
  exactly right Sweetie&hellip; Now Miss Bryson is going to instruct you from
  now on, I will be here with my little cattle prod in case you don't obey quickly
  enough for her. So come along Sweetie&hellip; get to it."  
I walked to the bench and took my hands from my head. I felt absolutely foolish
  as the nurses and the young girl as well as the sergeant watched me. I leaned
  over the padded trestle, knowing how stupid I must have looked as I let myself
  almost fall over it. I parted my legs a little, aware that my penis and testicles
  were hanging down on their side of the bench. I waited for the inevitable instruction
  to open my thighs even further.  
Instead there was silence as I planted the palms of my hands flat against
  the floor. I was blushing and trembling as I heard the camera being wheeled
  forward. I remained bent over the bench with my head hanging down, and my eyes
  tightly shut in shame.  
The sudden shock and pain of the open palmed slap made me cry out. "Argghhhhh." I
  opened my eyes and tried to turn my head as a second slap was administered
  over my tender and tortured bottom cheeks.  
"I warned you honey&hellip; legs well apart." I looked to the side where
  the voice of the sergeant had come from&hellip; and realised that it had not
  been the sergeant who had slapped me, but Miss Bryson.  
I gasped as her soft hand stroked gently over my stinging buttocks. Her voice
  sounded amused as she felt over my burning bottom cheeks. "Right Sonny&hellip; spread
  'em until they ache.  
Got it Honey?"  
I blushed as I stretched my legs wider than I had ever thought I was able.  
"Well done Honey-bunch, she drawled as I heard the camera fire quickly, the
  shutter sounding a muffled chatter as it took multiple shots.  
I was aware that the nurses had moved closer. They seemed to be familiar
  with the routine as two of them placed their hands on my shoulders.  
Before I could protest I felt the embarrassment and shame of my buttocks
  being parted. The other two nurses had each slipped both hands between the
  cheeks of my bottom, their hands pulling from either side as they proceeded
  to stretch my buttocks widely apart.  
"Arghhh&hellip; oooooohhhhh." I could not contain my anguish as I was stretched
  wide open while the camera whirred and chattered as another series of images
  was digitally recorded.  
They held me in that position long after the camera had stopped and I began
  to wonder why I was still being held when, suddenly I saw from between my legs,
  the young girl approach me. I felt her hands gently touch my penis and testicles
  which hung down from between my widely spread thighs. She took a firm hold
  of my testicles and proceeded to tap her fingers against the tip of my penis.
  I could only gasp and groan in utter misery as I was stretched wide while the
  fingers of the young girl deftly aroused my penis.  
"Arghhhhhhh&hellip; oooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh." I could not help myself&hellip; I
  felt humiliated beyond belief as I felt my penis stirring. I felt her gentle
  gingers, slip the foreskin back to uncover the glans. She let go of my testicles
  and applied both hands diligently to my penis, skilfully eliciting a sexual
  response from my member which responded against my will, to the soft and insistent
  touch of her fingers.  
I was blushing a bright red by the time she took her hands away. I heard
  the camera whir and then felt the nurses release the pressure of their hands
  upon the cheeks of my bottom. I was gasping in relief as they helped up from
  the trestle. My legs and back were aching as I stood shamefaced in an upright
  position. The sergeant and one of the nurses moved the trestle to the wall,
  away from the backdrop. I blushed again as I looked down at my penis which
  was now jutting out from my body. I could feel the hardened flesh ache, bobbing
  up and down in a constant throbbing, over which I had no control.  
One of the dark haired nurses gently stroked her hand over my cheek and looked
  me in the eye.  
"Don't worry, it will get better Sweetie." Her voice was soft and tender
  as she looked at me with an expression of concern on her pretty face. She turned
  and followed the Sergeant and the other nurses through the doorway to, what
  I presumed, was another room.  
I was left alone with Miss Bryson, who left me no time to ponder as she took
  my arm and led me over to the white back-drop. She stood me facing the white
  paper, with my back turned towards the camera.  
I could feel her breath on my back as she stood behind me and placed her
  hands gently on my hips. "Now Stephen, I want you to stretch your arms out
  above your head and stay in that position until I tell you to do otherwise." I
  felt the feathery touch of her fingers delicately touching each side of my
  waist and then chest, as she ran her hands upwards to correct the position
  of my arms, as I stretched them out above my head.  
"That's the way&hellip; now stay as you are."  
I heard rather than saw her return to the camera and take more pictures and
  then her footsteps as she approached me again. To my horror, she placed both
  hands on my waist and then slid them around to my tummy and downwards, her
  slender fingers, familiarly and deftly, taking hold of my erect penis and cupping
  my testicles. I could feel her breasts pressing against my back as she leaned
  forward, her cheek brushing under my outstretched arms as she examined my genitals.  
"OK Honey&hellip; turn around and face the camera, keep your arms stretched
  upwards, just as you are."  
I blushed as she squeezed my penis before letting go of my genitals. I felt
  dizzy with shame as I turned towards her as she looked at me from behind the
  large digital camera.  
"A smile is optional." She said mischievously as looked down into the viewfinder.
  I coloured up instantly, aware that her photograph would record the foolishness
  of my position, with my penis erect and my blushing face squeezed between my
  two up-stretched arms. I began to tremble as I realised the full extent of
  my shameful exposure to the camera. She finished her series of digital images
  and approached me once more this time she was carrying a large card, which
  was shaped like the number plate of a car. I could not help colouring up again
  as stood before me. To be handled and ordered around by such a young girl was
  so embarrassing that I hung my head in shame.  
I was acutely aware of the juxtaposition between my nakedness and the trim
  and attractive appearance of the young girl in front of me. I noticed that
  she had undone a further button of her blouse to reveal the plump soft contours
  of the upper part of her breasts. Although her demeanour was one of efficiency,
  I felt sure that she was extracting pleasure from my shame and embarrassment.  
"OK Sweetie, stand in front of the height chart facing the camera and hold
  this, come on you can take your arms down now. She handed me the card and watched
  me blush furiously as I read it. 'Stephen Ryder' was printed in bold letters
  across the top and underneath in smaller letters it read: 'Punished for Driving
  while unfit through Drink.'  
She held my arm as I stood facing the camera and then adjusted my position
  until I was holding the placard across my chest. Casually she cupped my testicles
  as she spoke to me.  
"Stay as you are now and don't move until I have finished." Her hand left
  my testicles and she casually smoothed her fingers around my freshly shaven
  pubic area. I groaned in dismay as she tapped her fingers lightly under my
  erect penis, making it bob up and down.  
"Well honey&hellip; if you insist in having your penis erect&hellip; then
  that is how you will go on record."  
I groaned in dismay.. "Please er&hellip; Miss couldn't you er&hellip; wait
  a minute er&hellip;" I was shaking with embarrassment as I pleaded.  
"Look Sweetie, I can't help you, you're the one with his willy sticking out
  for the whole world to see. So stay exactly as I have positioned you and don't
  move&hellip; you obviously want everyone to know what a dirty little boy you
  are."  
I trembled in shame as she took a series of photographs and then made me
  put the placard down and stand sideways. I could feel tears in my eyes as she
  moved the camera closer to me. I was acutely aware that my penis was standing
  upwards in front of the measuring graphic as she continued to take a long series
  of exposures.  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jane Marwood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





