BDSM Library - Blanke Schande College




Blanke Schande College
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda becomes a student at Blanke Schande College, an innovative school where the women must remain naked and sex is everywhere.BSC: One Girl's Story  
By Katie Irwin  
katieslave@hotmail.com  
CHAPTER 1&mdash;Amanda's Interested  
All summer long, it was in the back of Amanda's head. Soon, she would be
  living a life of total nudity and that nudity was self-imposed.  
Back in March, in what she considered to be a rare show of courage and strength,
  Amanda had registered to attend a school in California named Blanke Schande
  College. From her research it has one of the top liberal arts programs in the
  nation and its female graduation rate was nearly 100 percent. Also, alumni
  from the school were in top-notch professions in all types of industry, etc.  
It sounded too good to be true and for the shy, reserved Amanda, it almost
  was. After she wrote to the school for more information, she was shocked at
  what came back in the plain brown envelope with just the logo of the college
  on the outside. All of the women were naked, walking around the campus, sitting
  in classrooms, playing sports, and eating in the cafeteria. The girls were
  nude and the boys loved it, all the while there was not one ounce of male flesh
  showing, all were wearing full set of clothes.  
What kind of school was this, Amanda thought. Before anyone could see what
  she was looking at, she threw the materials into her school bag and quickly
  headed up to her room. She tried to ignore the material, diving into her homework.
  But something kept calling her back, intrigued by Blanke Schande College. Finally
  she grabbed the catalog and brochure and, locking her door, took a look.  
Amanda was amazed at what she read. The school, citing studies that backed
  up its claim, had gone to an all-nude female student body several years ago.
  Since then, both male and female graduates have achieved excellent grades and
  accomplished feats unheard of at the small school. Because of these high achievements,
  the school was earning national recognition and a faculty that was renown for
  its ability. The great male faculty rarely left, due to the unusual perks,
  and many women professors enjoyed the liberation of teaching without clothes
  (it went without saying that the rules applied to female faculty and staff
  as well).  
The more she read, the more excited Amanda became. She wanted to be a part
  of this special sisterhood&hellip;the girls all said how valued they felt at
  BSC&hellip;how they were appreciated for their bodies, minds and spirit. How
  they felt prepared to go and do anything after their college experience. It
  was everything Amanda wanted in a school.  
Now, how to get accepted before telling her parents. The brochure said that
  an on-campus interview was required. It said that the interview would take
  place under full uniform regulations, meaning that she could wear nothing.
  She knew that she would excel at Blanke Schande College and would prove it
  to her parents, but wanted to be sure she could get in before fighting the
  battle.  
Thinking quickly, Amanda enlisted the help of her older sister Kacy. Perhaps
  she could convince Kacy to make the drive to BSC for the interview. That way,
  she had a way there but could also delay telling her parents.  
Kacy was shocked that her little sister was willing to be nude for four years
  but agreed to help and keep it quiet so Amanda set up an interview for the
  following Saturday. The drive from their home would take a few hours so they
  told their parents they were heading for a day with some friends and left early
  in the morning. Amanda had filled out the application and brought some copies
  of her transcripts with her for the interview. She was trembling, nervous for
  the interview and having to be compliant with BSC's uniform regulations.  
Somehow, Kacy got her sister to calm down and they enjoyed the long ride,
  armed with several CDs. They chatted about life, something rare since Kacy
  got a job and was rarely home. She had never gone to college, though her grades
  in high school were good, and was happy for Amanda, though she wondered about
  this weird college they were about to visit.  
Finally, they saw the sign off the highway for Blanke Schande College. As
  Kacy turned, the conversation ceased. Both girls just looked ahead at the beautiful
  green shrubs and small houses tucked behind them.  
The first sign that something was different here was the sight of two nude
  girls jogging along the side of the road, on the grass. Amanda's eyes grew
  wide at the sight of, first, their ass cheeks bouncing along, and then, after
  they passed, their full round breasts swaying and bouncing as they ran on bare
  feet as sneakers and socks would have broken the dress code. Their faces were
  red, probably from the exertion of their run but it just as easily could have
  been from embarrassment. Amanda felt the burn on her cheeks as she turned back
  and faced the front of the car.  
Kacy quietly turned down the road onto campus. They saw a group of five students,
  two nude girls and three fully clothed men, chatting with books in their laps
  and sitting on a blanket. Up ahead, she saw a group of students sitting on
  a hill, the girls nude and the men clothed with a nude woman leading the discussion.
  It was obviously a class in session, but the strangest one either of them had
  ever seen.  
Finally, they pulled into the admission parking lot and into a space. Kacy
  turned the car off and turned towards her sister.  
"Manda, are you sure you want to go through with this," she asked. "This
  all seems too bizarre."  
Amanda looked out and saw a naked girl (which is becoming a redundant phrase&hellip;all
  of the girls here are naked) planting flowers, obviously a work study job.
  She saw the women's lacrosse team on the field next to the building, running
  through drills while wearing nothing at all. No, she wasn't sure if she wanted
  to go through with this but felt she had to give it a try.  
"Yes Kacy, I'm going to do it," she said. As she said it, she pulled her
  top up and over her head, revealing her blue, lacy half bra hugging her breasts.
  She reached behind her to undo the garment as Kacy said, "What are you doing?"  
"I am adhering to the uniform regulations of the college, which state I must
  be nude," she said, her voice shaking. "I have to be nude for the interview
  anyway, might as well get it over with."  
As she finished speaking, she pulled the bra down her arms and off, showing
  off her perky breasts, her nipples pointing out in arousal and some fear.  
Kacy was speechless as she watched her shy little sister strip in the car.
  This was far beyond anything she had expected. She had taken this trip half
  thinking that Amanda would chicken out and get it out of her system. She was
  surprised at the girl's determination.  
Amanda kicked off her slides as she unbuttoned her jeans. She lifted her
  butt off the seat and pulled her jeans down her long shapely legs, leaving
  her in just a pair of baby blue cotton panties. She looked at Kacy with a painful,
  yet determined look and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties
  and slid them off.  
Kacy was surprised to see the tuft of reddish-blonde pubic hair was trimmed
  to a tiny patch just over her sister's slit. Amanda, who had been in gymnastics
  since she was four, had shaved just prior to a competition because her suit
  was cut high. Once she shaved the sides, the little tuft seemed too bushy and
  she had trimmed it down so it was just a bit longer than stubble. Now nude,
  it had the effect of displaying her slit and clitoris to great effect.  
Amanda couldn't help but cross her arms over her breasts and close her legs
  together. She felt so exposed, so vulnerable, especially with her sister fully
  dressed in the car next to her. She felt the air rushing all over her body,
  touching places that were hardly ever touched. She felt the sun pouring through
  the window and landing on her bare body, the warmth was welcome as she shivered
  and noticed her nipples sticking straight out, painfully hard.  
"Come on Kacy, before I chicken out," the newly nude girl said, opening the
  car door and tentatively stepping out. The older girl could not believe it
  but she exited the car until both of them were standing in the busy parking
  lot of the admissions office.  
CHAPTER 2-Walking Onto Campus  
"Do you want me to throw your clothes into my bag and bring them with us
  in case you want them," Kacy asked. Amanda just shook her head, not wanting
  the temptation.  
Even though she had chosen this route, Amanda felt like she was being tortured.
  She felt the breeze teasing her (until now) private places and felt the smooth
  blacktop of the driveway under her bare feet. She had never been much of a
  barefoot walker, choosing sandals or flip flops even in summer, and she was
  very aware of these new feelings traveling from the soles of her feet up her
  long, toned legs and seeming to end right at her sex which, she was embarrassed
  to note, was soaked.  
"I can't go to school here," she thought to herself, "I can't even concentrate
  on anything but my vagina and I've only been naked for a few minutes. This
  would send me to the mental hospital after too long."  
She walked next to her sister for comfort. As they passed the other students
  and faculty, they received odd looks but Amanda quickly realized that those
  looks weren't directed at her but at Kacy, who was the only clothed woman on
  the campus. Kacy, who was dressed normally in a long-sleeved henley, jeans
  and shoes, felt it too and instinctively crossed her arms over her chest.  
They followed the signs pointing towards BSC's admissions office and pushed
  through the door. Both girls stopped short and were breathless by what they
  saw.  
Sitting in the reception area was a beautiful woman, just a little bit older
  than Kacy, maybe 23. Her beauty and the fact that she was completely nude didn't
  shock the girls&hellip;nudity was a fact of life on this campus and every girl
  they had seen was prettier than the last one. No, what startled Amanda and
  Kacy was the position the brunette was in.  
The chair was not your ordinary secretary's chair. Instead it was shaped
  like a toilet seat with nothing beneath the area where a girl's vagina would
  be. But the woman was on her knees, her ass pushed out and her legs spread.
  From their vantage point, the girls could see the woman's asshole and her hairless
  slit and mound, all of which she was blatantly displaying, even pulling her
  ass cheeks apart to further reveal her puckered hole there.  
"Hi, welcome to Blanke Schande College, please have a seat," the woman said
  with a smile, looking at the two girls over her shoulder. "I'm just presenting
  to those young men over there."  
Amanda and Kacy turned and saw two male students at a desk, arranging papers.
  They were sneering at the secretary and at Amanda, who blushed and covered
  her breasts and pussy. She tried to hide behind her sister as they sat and
  she gasped when she felt the coldness of the smooth plastic beneath her bare
  ass and thighs. Amanda quickly crossed her legs at the knee, effectively shielding
  her vagina, and crossed her arms over her breasts, trying to hide her nudity
  from the boys. Though she realized she was as covered as she would be on the
  beach or at gymnastics meet, she felt like she was naked on one of those 60-foot
  screens in Times Square.  
"Alright boys, have you seen enough," the secretary said with a smile to
  the boys. They nodded and went on with their work.  
Amanda and Kacy watched as the woman changed her position and got to her
  feet to walk towards them. "Hi, I'm Cami Granato, the admission secretary,
  you must be Amanda," she said, offering her hand in greeting. As they shook
  hands, Cami continued, "I must commend you Amanda. Most girls don't arrive
  within the dress code. Normally there are some hysterics as they head into
  the interview."  
Amanda said thank you but blushed at the knowledge that she was different
  than most girls. Why didn't she fight it more, she wondered, did she really
  want to be naked?  
She looked at Cami, so natural, so at peace with her nudity and with displaying
  herself to them and those boys. Would she become like her after a few weeks
  at this school?  
"Um, Miss Granato, can I ask you something," she asked timidly.  
Cami smiled. "Sure, anything, and please, call me Cami."  
"Ok, uh, Cami, what were you doing for those boys when we walked in," she
  asked.  
"That is called presenting," Cami calmly explained. "I've been doing that
  for six years, four years as a student and two years as an employee. You get
  very used to it, so used to it that I didn't even think that you might find
  it strange."  
Strange, why would I find it strange, Amanda thought. Sure, at her high school,
  girls always just spread their legs and reveal their pussies and assholes to
  the boys. The thought made her chuckle. This place was going to be way different,
  that was for sure.  
CHAPTER 3-The Waiting Room  
Cami asked them if they wanted coffee or water and both women declined. To
  take her sister's mind off of her nudity and the bizarre scene they had just
  witnessed, Kacy started to engage Amanda in small talk about Blanke Schande.
  The girls got so engrossed in the conversation that Amanda loosened up. To
  the delight of the male student workers, she uncrossed her legs and spread
  her knees, giving them the first unimpeded look at her pussy that anyone besides
  her gynecologist had ever had. The boys, hard already from the display of Cami,
  groaned as their cocks pressed hard against their pants. Maybe they could request
  relief when Kristie, one of the tour guides, arrived in a half an hour.  
Amanda did not realize the show she was putting on. She was so engaged in
  telling Kacy about BSC, pulling the catalog out of her bag and showing her
  sister the pictures of buildings and key paragraphs. Kacy was pleasantly surprised
  to see Amanda so excited and she was impressed that the girl had done her homework
  on the school so well. Maybe she was really serious about this school and it
  was the best place for her.  
Kacy was always more wild than her younger sister. While she was betting
  that this was Amanda's first public nudity, the same would not have been true
  for her. At senior week in Cancun while in high school, Kacy had entered a
  wet t-shirt contest and won. Truth was, she showed more than her breasts that
  night. Though displaying her perky 34B tits might have been enough, she was
  hammered and when the crowd begged for a contestant to show bush, she pulled
  down her shorts and stood on stage in nothing but her transparent t-shirt and
  sandals to the thrill of the mostly male crowd. Although the move won her the
  contest and several hundred dollars, someone took off with her shorts, leaving
  her scrambling to find something to wear home. One of the bartenders gave her
  a t-shirt that reached just below her pussy mound. But that night had been
  one of the best of her life and she earned several free beers from the men
  at the bar who were impressed by her courage and body.  
Also that night, she had her first experience with group sex. She and her
  best friend Amy had brought two boys back to their room with them. She remembered
  the thrill of that, touching Amy all over, enjoying the feel of a girl, so
  different than the feeling of boys. She still preferred boys but the orgasm
  she got from Amy was her all-time best. And having two cocks inside of her
  was a feeling she now frequently craved, though rarely had a chance to fulfill.  
A part of her envied her younger sister. Amanda had always had the nicer
  body. Kacy had developed first, of course, but Amanda had passed her about
  two years ago. Now, as Amanda talked about the many great things about the
  college, Kacy noticed that her sister's perfectly shaped round breasts led
  to a flat, concave belly that then went to that swell between her legs. Her
  legs were long and toned and Amanda had the prettiest feet of any girl she
  knew. Kacy was surprised that the toes were currently unpainted, especially
  since Amanda knew they would be on display. Kacy knew her younger sister was
  obsessed with painting her toenails and keeping them pretty. She must have
  been so nervous that she forgot, especially with sandals season still a few
  weeks away.  
Amanda stopped talking as she observed Kacy's eyes looking her up and down.
  It felt weird to be appraised like this, especially in the nude. Pretty girls
  get used to having eyes upon them and Amanda was nothing if not a pretty girl.
  She was tall for a girl, about 5-7. She weighed 115 pounds and wished she were
  five pounds thinner, though her mother and doctor assured her she was fine.  
Last night, standing in her room after everyone had gone to bed, Amanda had
  stripped her nightgown off and stood naked in front of the mirror, wanting
  to see what everyone else would see when she arrived at BSC. She had to admit,
  what she saw impressed her. Her red hair was long and straight when she pulled
  it out of its ponytail. Her pale skin was flawless and the light freckles covered
  her body, even her round breasts. The nipples pointed straight towards the
  mirror, a constant source of irritation for the girl who struggled to keep
  them from poking through bras and blouses and shirts. She laughed, remembering
  how hard she had fought to keep her nipples from being seen while she was about
  to go to a college that would keep her nude for four years!  
Her long legs seemed to be the feature that every boy drooled over and every
  girl envied. The were thin, but shapely. And they seemed to go from her toes
  to her neck. Her father called them runners' legs&hellip;one of the gross boys
  at her school had said that her legs would look good spread. She pretended
  that she was repulsed but secretly she was flattered by his comments. Something
  inside of her was amazingly turned on at the thought that boys wanted to see
  her naked, to see her sex, her bare breasts. Though she played the role of
  a good girl, but deep inside she wanted to rip her clothes off and let them
  all look. That played a major part in her sexual fantasies and maybe that was
  why she was here today, though she could hardly have admitted it, even to herself.  
Both girls were roused out of their thoughts by a tall, handsome man calling
  her name from the doorway just beyond Cami's desk.  
"Amanda, come this way please," he said to her. There was no denying that
  he was completely checking her out, from toes to hair and back, making long,
  lingering stops at her breasts and pussy as she stood. Her embarrassment trait
  kicked right in and inwardly she cringed, though she did not cover herself
  as she had when the boys had stared at her. She tried to emulate the girls
  she saw in the catalogs and pictures that she saw hanging around the room.
  Those girls were nude and proud of it, not showing any signs of humiliation
  or discomfort.  
She grabbed her book bag but he stopped her. "Please Amanda, just bring your
  application," he said. "No need for extra covering."  
She cringed, knowing that he wanted a full, unobstructed view of her nudity
  but gamely pulled her application out of the bag and handed her duffle to Kacy.
  Her older sister squeezed Amanda's hand for luck and then sat back to wait.  
CHAPTER 4&mdash;The Interview  
Amanda felt the man's clothes as she brushed past him and went into his office.
  She felt cold all of a sudden and had an intense desire to cross her arms over
  her breasts and hug herself. But she remembered her thoughts on being more
  like those women in the pictures and instead stood there, feeling the goose
  bumps rising on her body and seeing the hair on her arms stand on end.  
"Sorry for the chill in here, they are working on my heat and this room is
  drafty anyway," he said. "My name is Mitchell Levin, Associate Director of
  Admissions here at Blanke Schande. Please have a seat."  
Amanda sat down, glad to be able to cross her legs and hide her pussy. She
  chuckled as she realized how silly that sounded, after all she had been showing
  her entire body around campus for the last 15 minutes and the boys in the outer
  room and Mr. Levin had seen it all anyway. Plus, just yesterday, she would
  have been mortified at having her breasts on display, now it was the lesser
  of the two evils.  
"I would offer you a sweater but as you already know, that would be a break
  in the rules of the college and we do operate all interviews under the strict
  rules of the college," he said smiling in a weird sort of way. She nodded,
  not wanting to break any school rule.  
"Yes Sir, that's why I stripped in the car, to conform with the school's
  rules from the minute I walked onto the campus," she said, sitting upright,
  unconsciously thrusting her full, round, pert breasts at the man.  
"Is that so," he said. "Well, if that is the case, I won't go easy on you
  then. Currently you are breaking a school rule by blocking visual access to
  you pussy. I will let you go this time but I must demand that you uncross your
  legs and let me see that wonderful slit."  
Amanda was shocked. She couldn't believe that this man was talking to her
  like that. This seemed very much against the school's policy of respecting
  women, despite the rules of total nudity at all times. However, she really
  wanted to become a student here and reap the benefits of a Blanke Schande education,
  so she dutifully put both feet on the floor, instinctively placing them shoulder-width
  apart.  
Mitch's eyes went directly to her sex mound and smiled. "Very nice, very
  nice," he said. And without a moment's hesitation, he began the interview.
  She was shocked that it was exactly like the other interviews she had at other
  schools, with the exception that, unlike the other interviews she wasn't wearing
  nice clothes and her interviewer's eyes were glued to her pussy instead of
  her eyes.  
They discussed her academic career, her extracurricular activities, even
  her recommendations from her teachers, all of which were glowing. They went
  over her essays, including the one on her mother as her female role model.  
"Well Amanda, this is an outstanding application and you are certainly academically
  worthy of a Blanke Schande education," he said, eliciting a smile from Amanda. "Okay,
  now onto the next part of the interview process. Please follow me."  
Amanda was surprised. Most interviews ended after the one-on-one. She wondered
  what was next.  
They went out a different door than the one that led to the reception area
  where Kacy waited. Instead it opened into a large meeting room. Amanda cringed
  when she saw eight people sitting there, six men in suits and two women, nude
  as her.  
"Good morning everyone, sorry to interrupt the meeting but I have to complete
  the second part of Amanda's interview," Mitch said.  
"No problem Mitch," the woman standing at the front said. "I'm just going
  over some of the numbers here with the staff. Hello young lady, I am Rebecca
  Anderson, Dean of Admissions. I hope you enjoy your stay at Blanke Schande."  
Amanda nodded, amazed that this woman would be able to run a meeting without
  any clothes on. How could women be taken seriously and as authority figures
  if they were always nude?  
"Okay Amanda, please tell me your bra size," Mitch began. Amanda's face turned
  scarlet. What kind of question was that, she wondered. What did that matter?  
"Amanda, I can see you are wondering about that question," Dean Anderson
  said. "We have to be very selective of your female students. Being naked is
  not easy and we must be sure that you can physically handle the rigors of total
  nudity."  
"Um, I wear a 34C," she said, her voice in a whisper, mortified that this
  conversation was happening at all, let alone with eight adults in the room.  
"Great, waist size please," Mitch continued, writing her response on a clipboard.  
"24," she answered.  
"Excellent, now your hip size please," he said.  
"30," she said, deadpan, trying to hide her shame.  
"Wow, what great numbers," said one of the men sitting at the table. The
  rest of the group nodded and gave their assent.  
"Please hop up on the scale," he said. She cringed. No girl ever wanted to
  be weighed, especially in front of an audience. Seeing no way out, she did
  as commanded.  
Mitch first checked her height. "Excellent, you are 5-7," he said, jotting
  it down. "And 116 pounds. Excellent numbers Amanda, you may get down."  
With a sigh of relief, she did so, hoping that her humiliation was now over.  
Mitch went to a box next to the scale and took out a tape measure. What was
  that for, she wondered. And why wasn't the meeting continuing? Why couldn't
  they all just ignore her?  
"Now, I must verify those numbers you gave me earlier, for our record," Mitch
  said, coming towards her with the tape. "Please lift your arms out straight
  to the side and I can record your breast size."  
She froze. "Why, I gave you honest answers, this is ridiculous," she said. "Why
  did you ask me those questions if you were going to measure me anyway?"  
"Amanda please, you have done so well," he said softly. "This is part of
  the process and every woman here at BSC has to become very comfortable with
  displaying her body. That is part of life as a student on this campus. If you
  cannot do this in front of this small group of people then you will not be
  able to handle life at Blanke Schande."  
Tears formed in her eyes and rolled down her cheeks but she did as commanded,
  putting her arms out as if she were flying. She felt Mitch wrap the tape just
  under her breasts and hold the tape together in that cleavage area between
  the two.  
"OK&hellip;you were a little off but not by much," he said. "Says here you
  are a 33, but I suppose a 34 would be the next bra size."  
He took the tape and lifted it an inch so that it wrapped around her body
  again, this time right at the area of her nipples. They were rock hard, as
  they frequently are and had been since she walked onto this campus in the nude. "Okay,
  that's 37 so I think you are probably a D, not a C but close," he said.  
His words, while meant to just be clinical and conversational, added to her
  humiliation. No girl wants to have her breast size blabbed to the world and
  here he was telling everyone that she was too stupid even to buy the right
  bra size.  
Mitch dropped to his knees in front of her and her blush got even deeper.
  She felt his breath on her bare mound as he wrapped the tape around her waist. "Yep,
  24 inches, just like you said," he said. "But your hips are more like 31 and &frac12;.
  Ok, excellent."  
Please let this be over, she prayed.  
"Finally, I must observe your vaginal wetness and clitoris, can you rub it
  to make it wet and hard for me please," he said matter-of-factly. She gasped
  and shook her head.  
"Amanda," Dean Anderson broke in from the front of the room. "You are holding
  up our meeting by disagreeing with a perfectly reasonable request. Many of
  the classes for women here involve sexual experimentation and exploration and
  your ability to feel pleasure is vitally important. Mitch is not asking to
  touch it himself, just to observe you touching it. Now if you wouldn't mind
  complying with his request so that we can move on with our meeting and you
  can finish your interview, I would greatly appreciate it."  
Amanda wasn't sure what to do. She felt the nine pairs of eyes on her, on
  her mound to be more precise. She hesitantly put her hand between her legs
  and began to rub that little nub just above her opening. She moaned and felt
  how soaked she was and it did not take long for her clit to grow under her
  fingers. She started working it faster, almost forgetting about the people
  watching, wrapped up in the need for release after the hour of sexual tension
  she had experienced.  
"Okay, thank you Amanda, that is fine," Mitch said, bringing her back to
  reality. She shook her head and her vision was a bit blurred as she smelled
  herself filling the room and was humiliated to think that she almost brought
  herself off in front of these people. "Vaginal sexual discharge is above normal
  as is your clitoris size. Wonderful work. Sorry for the inconvenience folks."  
"No problem at all," Dean Anderson said. "I hope that is the first of many
  pleasurable experiences you have at BSC Amanda."  
With that, the meeting continued, with the nude woman asking one of the men
  in business suits a question. She knew they could smell her arousal but no
  one made any mention of it or seemed even dazed by the experience. She lowered
  her face in shame and followed behind Mitch into the relative safety of his
  office.  
"Well, everything seems to be in order," he said. "After your tour, please
  come back here and I will have everything in order. By then I will know if
  you have been accepted. If you are, then we can discuss what scholarships you
  are eligible for and what financial aid we can provide. Okay?"  
She nodded and he took her by the arm and led her to the door of his office. "Kristie
  will be your tour guide. I will see you afterwards back in my office."  
CHAPTER 5-The Tour  
Amanda walked out, feeling the cold smoothness of the floor as compared to
  the carpet in the office and the conference room. She must have looked dazed
  because Kacy looked up from her magazine and sprang to her feet.  
"Manda, what's wrong," she asked. "Did he do something to you? Sniff, sniff,
  what is that smell."  
Just then, Cami interrupted them, holding a cup of water in her hands. "Here
  Amanda, most girls want something to drink after their interview," she said
  kindly. Kacy eyed the woman with annoyance because she wanted some quiet time
  with her sister, to find out what had happened. But that didn't look to be
  possible as Cami led Amanda towards another room.  
"Let me introduce you to Kristie, our best tour guide," Cami said with a
  smile. "She will answer any questions you have and show you around. You may
  leave your bag here and your sister may also leave any belongings here. It
  will be quite safe."  
"Thank you," Amanda said, her first words since the uncomfortable sexual
  experience with Mitch. She smiled at Kacy with reassurance that everything
  was fine. The older girl wasn't so sure.  
They entered the room and saw a gorgeous blonde on her knees, currently sucking
  on a penis that belonged to one of the boys that had been eying up Cami earlier.
  Seeing the audience, the girl let his member pop free. "Hi, I'm Kristie, a
  junior here at Blanke Schande," she said, cheerfully and energetically. "You
  must be Amanda! Sorry I'm not ready yet for the tour, but I have to finish
  Bob here off."  
She took Bob's cock back into her mouth before being interrupted by Cami. "The
  tour is more important than that," the woman said, ignoring Bob's groans of
  frustration. "I will take care of Bob." That brought a smile to the boy's face.  
Kristie wiped her mouth off with a towel there in the room and came over
  to Amanda and Kacy and offered her hand in greeting. After getting over the
  shock of what the girl had just been doing, Amanda shook her hand and introduced
  her sister. As she did, she gave Kristie the once over. The girl had firm,
  perky breasts that stood proud atop her tan chest. Her nipples were rock hard
  as well, pointing right at Amanda's own nipples. As she scrolled down the girl's
  body, she gasped when she saw the top of her pussy slit with no hair at all
  to block her view. This girl was completely shaved and her tan was complete,
  no lines at all, one of the benefits of going nude to school.  
When she looked up at Kristie's face, she saw a knowing smile but the tour
  guide said nothing, just motioned for the two women to follow her.  
The tour was like most college tours, except for the fact that there were
  two nude women on it. Kristie was nice and helped Amanda forget her own nudity.
  Amanda was surprised that few people were walking outside but Kristie talked
  about block scheduling and the fact that most people were either in class or
  lab or working at an on-campus job or internship right now.  
Amanda and Kacy listened with fascination as Kristie talked about the history
  of BSC. They saw photos in the student center, mostly of men and naked women
  doing all of the things that students do at other institutions. Amanda stopped
  at one of the photos. The girls were making snowmen on the quad and having
  a snowball fight.  
"You guys get snow up here," she asked.  
"Hardly ever, only once in my three years here and that was just flurries," Kristie
  said. "That photo comes from our Alturas campus in the mountains. It snows
  there from October through April. The girls that go there are tough ones. I
  could never make it there."  
Amanda breathed a sigh of relief&hellip;she was a wimp when it came to being
  cold and wondered if she would handle nudity and never having a sweater or
  sweatpants to pull on.  
""Actually, the temperature rarely gets below 50 here, even in the dead of
  winter," she said. "While that might not seem cold, when you don't wear a coat,
  50 can get chilly."  
"How do you stay warm," Amanda asked, giving an involuntary shiver.  
"We figure out a way," she said with a smile that hid her true meaning. "We
  girls stick together up here. We take care of each other and usually find a
  way to stay warm."  
Amanda didn't understand what Kristie meant but Kacy did and smiled. Her
  little sister was going to get some education here.  
Amanda stopped at another photo, this one of all of the people fully clothed. "When
  was this?"  
"Oh, that's a history photo," Kristie said. "That's from the early 70s, before
  the nudity rule. Back then, we were struggling and in desperate financial situation.
  We were going to close and the professors were all going to leave. But since
  the nudity rule, BSC has become one of the best schools in the country and
  no one ever leaves."  
They then left the dining hall and headed towards Kristie's dorm. Amanda
  was shocked by the layout of the rooms. The girls and boys alternated rooms
  and most had their doors opened. The boys looked like normal teenage rooms,
  with clothes flung all over, in piles on their beds, on the floor in the closets.
  Kristie's room looked sterile in comparison. She had posters and other decorations
  all around but there were no clothes in the room and the beds was bare, no
  pillows, blankets or comforters.  
"I am an absolute," she explained. "That is why I do not use a comforter
  or pillows. I do not allow anything to cover my body at any time. I also shave
  all of the hair below my neck every day, to keep covering off of me. I also
  do not use a book bag. For absolutes, the school provides two sets of books,
  one for here and one in each classroom. I also have a locker in the main classroom
  building where I keep my notebooks and pens and stuff."  
"Holy shit," Kacy said. "So you never cover your body?"  
"Nope, not even when I leave campus, though some girls do," she said. "I
  have not worn a stitch of clothing since I arrived here three years ago, including
  a winter break trip to Oregon with my family. It was cold but I survived."  
The sisters looked at the girl in awe, and a little bit of envy. Neither
  thought they could ever be that brave.  
"I know what you are both thinking and you're wrong," Kristie said laughing. "I'm
  no different than either of you. In fact, I was way more shy on my interview
  and tour than you are right now. I came with layers of clothing on, hoping
  they would protect me. But it just made it harder to take them off in front
  of the admissions person. Your way was so cool and much, much easier."  
Amanda was clearly intrigued by this concept. The girls sat down while Kacy
  went down the hall to the bathroom.  
"When did you decide to be an absolute," Amanda asked.  
"After a few weeks here," she said. "I met a girl and we became best friends.
  She was an absolute and just had total and complete freedom from hang ups and
  stuff. I wanted what she had so I went for it. It was so wonderful."  
Amanda was putting that into her head when a very red faced Kacy walked in. "There
  are no stalls in that bathroom, just toilets," she announced when she walked
  in. "I just walked in and there was a girl and she was going. Not pee, the
  other stuff."  
Kristie laughed. "I am so sorry, I should have warned you," she said. "There
  are no stalls for toilets or showers. There is no reason for them as there
  must be no inhibitions for us girls. The college believes that has held women
  back. There is nothing embarrassing about being a woman, there is nothing to
  hide. We should be proud of our bodies and our sexuality. Many of the showers
  are in public areas, main lobbies or out in the quad. It makes it very easy
  to get a shower before class."  
"Well, why do they let boys hide their bodies and their sexuality," Amanda
  asked, the young feminist coming out in her.  
"Have you ever seen a naked boy," Kristie asked. When Amanda shook her head
  no, Kristie answered, "Well, you probably don't want to see most of them." That
  got a laugh from Kacy.  
"Truth is, men have never had to hide their sexuality," Kristie said. "Clinton
  had sex with an intern, he was more popular after the fact. Monica couldn't
  show her face, even though she wasn't the one who was married. Girls have always
  felt the need to hide their sexual urges and needs while men run rampant, staring
  up girl's skirts, checking out our breasts and our asses."  
"But here, the boys are faced with our sexuality, our needs and our bodies,
  yet must keep control of their desires," Kristie said. "Yes, they can gawk
  and then can look at our bodies, but they cannot rape us. We have the control.
  It teaches them a healthy respect of women."  
The three girls walked out of the dorm and headed back to the Admission Department
  and the rest of her interview. Two things bothered Amanda. First, she filled
  Kristie in on what they had seen Cami doing when they walked into the building.  
"Oh, that's called presenting," Kristie said. "You see, any boy on campus
  in good academic and disciplinary standing can ask any girl to present. That
  means wherever they are, they must get into the required position and present
  their pussy or asshole to the boy who requests it. Sometimes it's also breasts
  but not usually. They can see them anytime."  
Amanda was shocked. "You mean we are just little toys for their amusement," she
  said in disgust.  
"Well, I guess you could look at it that way, but I don't and neither do
  most of the girls here," Kristie said. "It is quite an honor to be asked to
  present and it gives us a chance to show off our bodies. Also, it takes the
  pressure off the rest of the time. There are limits to how long I can be asked
  to present and in what kind of situation. This way, we get it done with and
  then can get on with our days."  
Amanda wrapped her head around that for a moment before asking Kristie another
  question. "Can I ask why you had that boy's thing in your mouth when we saw
  you?"  
Kristie sighed. "Yeah, sorry about that, I didn't realize you were finished
  your interview," she said softly. "I thought I had more time."  
"Time for what," Kacy asked in a nasty tone of voice. "Time to get some cum
  in you? Are you some kind of a slut or something?"  
Kristie turned red and stared at Kacy. "I resent that Kacy," she said. "I
  am sorry that you do understand our ways here at Blanke Schande and that you
  are uncomfortable but I really don't think I deserve to be called names."  
Now it was Kacy's turn to look redfaced. Amanda defended her sister, "She
  didn't mean anything by it Kristie, it's just not something we are used to,
  that's all."  
Kristie smiled. "Sorry, I guess I take things like that personally," she
  said. Turning to Kacy she said, "I'm sorry Kacy. You are a guest on our campus
  and I treated you badly. Please forgive me?"  
Kacy nodded. "Yeah, I'm the one who should be sorry. I was out of line. It's
  just, whoa."  
"I guess I can imagine how it looks to an outsider," she said. "Here, at
  Blanke Schande, it's not rare for the boys to get all backed up, what with
  looking at naked women all day. They are allowed to ask us to provide relief.
  We are allowed to use any manner we choose, mouth, hand, vagina, even ass.
  I've grown to like having a cock in my mouth and enjoy the taste so I usually
  choose mouth."  
They walked for a while, Amanda again acutely aware of her nudity. She was
  surprised that all of the paved walkways were so smooth. She felt the hardness
  under her feet but didn't felt the hurt of anything digging into her sensitive
  soles. She asked Kristie about it.  
"Yes, our maintenance people are very helpful and responsive," she said. "If
  anyone ever complains about bad pavement or street, they get right on it. With
  so many girls walking barefoot, we really have to be careful, though we do
  get hardened after a while."  
That comment brought Amanda and Kacy's gaze right to the girl's feet. The
  trip stopped so they could get a good look. Though the tops were pretty with
  red polish on the nails and a smooth complexion, when she turned them over
  the girls could see that the skin was harder and tougher. Amanda, who was into
  feet anyway, also noticed that Kristie's toes were spread further apart than
  hers. She pointed it out to Kristie and wondered why.  
"Because I haven't worn shoes in three years," she said proudly. "My feet
  haven't been tortured into heels or boots or anything. This is how human feet
  should look in nature, except for the polish of course. I am still a girl."  
They finished their tour and got to the building. "I really enjoyed meeting
  you Amanda, may I give you a hug," Kristie said with a smile. Amanda nodded
  and the two nude girls embraced. Amanda felt a strange tingle as her bare breasts
  met the ones attached to the other girl and when she felt the smooth girl hands
  rub her bare back.  
"I hope to see you next year," she said. She then handed Amanda a card and
  said, "here's my number, if you have any questions."  
She then said goodbye to Kacy and pointed them back towards Cami. "I think
  I love this school," Amanda whispered to Kacy before they reached the secretary.  
CHAPTER 6-Signing  
When they reached Cami's office, they were less surprised to see the woman
  sitting facing the boys who were working. This time her feet were spread wide
  to either side with her fingers spreading her pussy lips apart. She looked
  at the women when they entered and smiled. "It's a wonder I get any work done
  with all of the horny men who work here," she said sarcastically. "Can I relax
  now boys?" Amanda looked over and saw them nod and Cami closed her legs.  
"Come with me ladies," she said.  
"How often do you have to do that," Kacy asked.  
"About 10 times a day," she said. "Students don't do it as much, but we have
  different shifts of boys and they get a big kick out of forcing an older woman
  to present. I enjoy it so much I let them get away with it."  
Cami knocked on the door and pushed it open. "Mitch, Amanda is back for her
  closing interview," she said.  
"Send her in Cami, thanks!"  
The nude woman went off to one side and allowed the girls to pass. As Amanda
  went by, she grazed Cami's breasts with her own, sending waves of pleasure
  through her body. Oh God, what was that, she thought.  
After introducing himself to Kacy, Mitch said, "Have a seat, I have very,
  very good news for you Amanda."  
The girls sat down, Amanda had butterflies in her stomach. "Your application
  and grades, combined with your outstanding interview and response, make you
  a definite for a spot in Blanke Schande's Class of 2008," he said. "I ran these
  numbers and I am able to offer you a full academic scholarship and grants which
  will also account for your room and board plus books. If you accept this offer,
  you can attend Blanke Schande College at absolutely no cost to you or your
  family."  
Amanda and Kacy both gasped in shock. Mitch smiled. "This is unbelievable," Amanda
  said softly. "Is it really true?"  
"It is true, but there is one stipulation," he said. Amanda's heart skipped
  a beat. She knew it was too good to be true. "As a sign that you are willing
  to remove all of your prior thoughts on sexuality and exhibitionism, you are
  required to masturbate to orgasm here in my office right now."  
Amanda's eyes got big as saucers and Kacy was indignant. "How dare you your
  fucking pig," she said to the man. "My sister is nobody's whore. Get your jollies
  somewhere else."  
"Kacy, I apologize to you for making you think I am a pervert," he said calmly. "I
  will admit that I find your sister extremely attractive and will enjoy her
  masturbation very much. But that has nothing to do with it. This is our final
  test for each female student to see if they have the ability to enter BSC seamlessly.
  If they can masturbate in front of me with a close member of their family watching,
  then anything that comes their way will be easier to handle. It is the last
  weeding out for our admissions process, to make sure we are getting women who
  can handle themselves here."  
That quieted the older girl. "Still, if she has to do it, why is it you," she
  said. "Why not in front of Cami or some woman counselor?"  
"Well, there is a reason for that as well," Mitch said, his voice staying
  calm, as if he had these conversations frequently. "We are a co-ed campus and
  frequently during her four years Amanda will be asked to do things in front
  of both men and women. That is why I handle all of the women applicants and
  my co-worker Beth handles the men. I can call her to have her here as well,
  but I must be here since I process all of the female applicants."  
Kacy looked at her sister. "Manda, say the word and we are out of here," Kacy
  said. Not surprisingly, the younger girl shook her head.  
Without a word, she spread her legs, putting her knees or the armrests on
  either side of her. Her left foot rested on Kacy's knee while her right hung
  in the air. Slowly but steadily, her right hand eased down between her legs
  and her fingers toyed at the entrance of her vagina. She cried out in pleasure
  at the first touch. The smell of sex filled the room as her index and middle
  fingers eased into her sex, which was soaked with her juices.  
Kacy could not take her eyes off of her sister as she slid two fingers in
  and out of her vagina. She saw the girl's left hand begin to massage her breasts,
  playing with her nipples which looked achingly hard. Kacy licked her lips uncomfortably
  and glanced at Mitch whose eyes were glued to her sister.  
Amanda was so far gone in pleasure that she forgot where she was. In her
  mind, she was in her bedroom and she was being fingered by Tom, the handsome
  boy who took her to Homecoming. She felt her hands were his, gently toying
  with her sex and her breasts. Just then she pushed her finger in and touched
  that spot on the inner wall of her vagina, the spot which always sent her over
  the edge.  
"OHHHH," she cried out, her hair plastered to her forehead by her exerting
  sweat, her breasts red and flushed from the pleasure, her eyes bulging out
  but unfocused. "EHHH, UHHHHH!!" The sounds were unintelligible but their meaning
  weren't as the girl went over the orgasm falls. She continued pushing her fingers
  into her pussy, making a squelching noise as her hand made a vacuum in her
  sex. Her body tensed over and over as the orgasm lasted more than a minute.
  Finally, in exhaustion, she slumped, her fingers still stuffed inside of her
  but the orgasm subsiding.  
No one made a sound as she sat there, her body just a mass of pleasure. Finally
  she opened her eyes and instead of seeing humiliation, Kacy was surprised to
  see a new confidence in her baby sister. "Was that okay Mitch," she asked teasingly.  
The man smiled broadly and said, "more than okay Amanda, you are going to
  make an outstanding student here at Blanke Schande." With that, he signed the
  papers on his desk and turned them towards her.  
"This document is only binding from our side, not from yours," he said. "My
  signature verifies that you have successfully completed all of the processes
  for entry into Blanke Schande College and that you are recommended with great
  certainty into the Class of 2004. It also holds us to the financial awards
  listed on this page, which you will see includes full tuition benefits for
  all four years of your schooling, all books and room and board.  
"Your signature," he continued, "simply means that you have received this
  offer and have accepted. You have until August 1 to pull back from the deal.
  After that day, this contract becomes binding."  
Amanda looked at the document in her post-orgasmic haze. "Kacy, can you read
  it for me," she said. "I am not I am processing all of this."  
The older girl took the paper and read it over. It was exactly as Mitch had
  said, including dollar amounts that it would mean in 2004-05. It totaled more
  than $40,000. When you factor in increases in tuition and room and board over
  four years, she figured that would put it near $200,000.  
"So, when tuition goes up, does the scholarship go up with it," she asked.  
"Yes, because Amanda is such an outstanding student, this is a renewable
  scholarship that goes up with the cost of books and room and board plus tuition," he
  said. "If Amanda excels in the classrooms here the way she did in high school
  and also follows the rules of BSC then she will not pay one dime to this college
  for four years."  
"Show me where to sign," Amanda said. She took the pen and put her signature
  on the line.  
Mitch handed her a handi-wipe and after she rubbed her sex juices off her
  vagina and then her hand, he offered his hand to shake. "Congratulations Amanda
  and welcome to Blanke Schande College."  
CHAPTER 7-The Drive Home  
The two girls left, with copies of her scholarship and awards in an official
  Blanke Schande College envelope. They stopped to tell Cami and Kristie the
  good news and Amanda got hugs from both. Amanda promised Kristie that she would
  call and the two sisters headed outside and back to the car.  
Even though she was still naked, Amanda felt different on the walk back than
  she had on the walk in. Maybe it was the scholarship and the knowledge that
  she could now get a college degree with no financial worries. But she knew
  it was more than that.  
Kacy unlocked the car and the two got in. Kacy looked at her sister and waited. "What," Amanda
  asked.  
"Aren't you going to get dressed," Kacy said.  
"Oh God, I forgot all about that," Amanda answered with a smile. "I've been
  naked for four hours and it got to feeling natural."  
With some hesitancy and some grieving, Amanda pulled her top on. Kacy noticed
  that she did not put on a bra, a definite new thing for her nipple-conscious
  sister. As Amanda pulled the shirt on, Kacy saw the girl's nipples point straight
  through, threatening to poke a hole through the material. Amanda then pulled
  her panties on, gasping at the feel of the fabric against her bare vagina and
  then her jeans.  
"I think I'll go barefoot until we get home, okay," she said.  
"And braless?"  
"Oh jeez, you noticed," Amanda said looking down. "I guess it's kind of obvious
  huh."  
"Yeah, Mom and Dad will notice and Mom will ask about it, you know she will," Kacy
  said.  
"I just wanted to feel that freedom for a while longer," she said. "I wanted
  my breasts to not be squashed into that bra again."  
The two girls sat there. "Well, we'll pull over when we get close to home," Kacy
  offered. "Then you can put it on there and you can have a few more hours of
  tit freedom!"  
They laughed and Amanda leaned over to hug her sister. "Thanks for everything
  Kace, I owe you big time."  
"Well, I now have major blackmail on you that's for sure," Kacy laughed. "I
  may never do a chore around the house again."  
The sisters drove off, passing a group of girls playing basketball on a grass
  court just to the side of the road. Kacy honked and waved and the girls waved
  back, not an ounce of embarrassment on their faces.  
They made it to the main road and started the long drive home. After the
  long and eventful day, Amanda fell asleep before Blanke Schande was even out
  of the rear view mirror.  
That gave Kacy some quiet time to reflect on what she had seen. She was sure
  that she would remember the scene in Mitch's office until the day that she
  died. The vision of her little sister naked with her legs spread and her fingers
  pumping inside of her vagina would live on forever. She could still feel Amanda's
  bare foot pressing harder and harder into her knee, through her jeans, as the
  orgasm pulsed through her. Even though she was 22 and four years older than
  Amanda, she had never cum like that, had never seen a girl cum like that, not
  even in the movies.  
She wondered where it had come from. Was it the prolonged nudity? Was it
  the naughty feeling of doing it in front of this man and her sister? Was it
  the vision of Kristie's nude, hairless sex? Was it the constant exposures of
  Cami? Whatever it was, Kacy knew if she could bottle it and sell it to women,
  she would make a fortune.  
She glanced over and saw Amanda sleeping a warm, contented sleep of a satisfied
  woman. She looked lower and saw the girl's nipples poking through, pointing
  directly at her and Kacy felt a stirring in her own sex.  
She couldn't deny that it had been there from the moment her sister had stripped
  in the car before they left. She was not a lesbian, much preferring the feel
  of a man deep inside of her. But women were so pretty and a nude woman was
  so sexual. Glancing furtively at her sleeping sister, Kacy undid the button
  and the zipper of her jeans and slid a hand down into her panties.  
Kacy had to stifle a moan at the first touch of her slit. She felt it was
  wet and by the feel of her panties had been for a while. She had never masturbated
  in such a public place and certainly never while driving. She slid a finger
  in, careful to rub her clit as she went by. Her breathing got heavier as she
  worked her way inside and then she touched the spot. The whole world seemed
  to shift for a second and go out of focus. Luckily it lasted a second and they
  were the only car on this two-lane highway. Her body shook in convulsions as
  she came hard and fast.  
She was embarrassed at how quickly she had cum and how wanton she had been.
  To cum while driving with her sister less than two feet away in the passenger
  seat was amazing to her. What had gotten into her?  
Kacy pulled her hand out of her panties and rebuttoned and zipped while she
  steered the car with her knees. She grabbed a rag from under the seat (her
  dad forced her to always have a rag available) and wiped her girl juices off
  onto it. She slid a 10,000 Maniacs CD into the player and continued the drive.  
Amanda woke up an hour into the trip and yawned. "I am so sorry Kace, I don't
  know what hit me," she said. As she came to, she sniffed the air. "What is
  that smell? Smells like fish or something."  
Kacy had to restrain from giggling and also from throttling her younger sister.
  Smell like fish do I, she thought. And you smell all rosy and fresh! But she
  refrained and wondered aloud whether they had passed a factory.  
Amanda looked out the window to hide her smile. She had woken up during Kacy's
  masturbation and had been fascinated by it. Had her face looked like that when
  she came in Mitch's office? She also was not a lesbian, but she was very turned
  on by her sister's orgasm face.  
The two sang along with the CD for a while until Kacy turned it down. "Amanda,
  can we talk for a second," she asked.  
"OK," Amanda said.  
"I want to know what you were feeling in the office when you did yourself," she
  said quietly.  
Amanda thought for a second. Then she said, "I felt like a woman, not some
  little girl who was trying to hide my breasts and my vagina. I felt free, like
  Kristie said. To know that Mitch would find it so arousing and that I had that
  power. And that I could be a sexual being and not just something that I had
  to hide."  
"Were you thinking of Kristie or Cami?"  
"No, actually, I was thinking of Tommy, the boy that took me to homecoming.
  But I can't say that seeing Kristie and Cami didn't get me so turned on that
  Tommy just put me over the edge. I was feeling pretty ready all day, from the
  time I took my clothes off. And then seeing Cami presenting herself and hearing
  Kristie talk about absolutes and all. I was primed and ready."  
The only sounds in the car came from the tires scraping across the road. "What
  were you thinking about when you masturbated after we left?"  
Kacy's eyes got wide and she stared at her younger sister. "You were awake?
  Why didn't you say something?"  
"You were too far gone to care and I would have ruined a great orgasm, from
  what I saw," Amanda said. "Why be embarrassed? You are 22 years old and not
  a virgin. Christ, I was naked all day in front of you and I masturbated in
  a man's office."  
"Yes, but you were accomplishing something, gaining that scholarship," Kacy
  said. "I'm just some sexually frustrated woman getting off on her sister's
  orgasm. That's sick."  
"I think that is the beauty of Blanke Schande College for women," Amanda
  said. "They teach them that your body and urges are not sick. That it is okay
  to display your breasts, your vagina, your sexual excitement. Don't hide it.
  We are only as sick as our secrets."  
"Thanks for making me feel better Manda. If it means anything to you, I admire
  the hell out of you. I don't think I could commit to going to school nude for
  four years."  
"Oh God, I'm not sure I can believe it either," Amanda said. "Now, I just
  have to convince mom and dad."  
CHAPTER 8-Talking to Her Parents  
A few blocks before their house, Kacy pulled the car into a deserted parking
  lot. With little fanfare, Amanda pulled her shirt off and slid her bra on,
  wincing as she did. After just a day, she was already feeling confined by her
  undergarments and vowed to never wear panties again. She would have to wear
  a bra, for a while, but would stop as soon as she could.  
They pulled into their driveway and saw the living room lights blazing, meaning
  at least one parent was still awake. Though it was only nine, frequently they
  were in bed by now.  
"What do you think, tell them now," Kacy asked. Amanda shook her head. "No,
  I'm going to wait until morning, after breakfast. Dad is always in a better
  mood by then."  
The two girls hugged and hurried into the house. They talked generally about
  having a good time and headed up to their rooms. Both wanted to get some sleep
  after the long drive. As they parted at Amanda's room, Kacy leaned in and whispered, "you
  know, you don't need their approval. You are 18 and an adult. Plus, they won't
  have to pay a dime. Don't ask for permission, tell them what you want to do."  
Amanda nodded and gave her sister a peck on the cheek before heading into
  her room. She decided that she would be naked as much as she could to get ready
  for the total exposure of college. Immediately she stripped off her top and
  bra, yearning for her breasts to be free. She also slid her jeans and panties
  down and off and stood naked in front of the mirror.  
She liked her body very much, always had. But tonight, it looked so different
  than it did this morning. She looked like a woman, though she knew it was all
  in her head.  
Amanda glanced at her window and saw the blinds were down. She had always
  worried about Brian, the neighbor across the street, peeking in and seeing
  her nude. He was 19 and had just returned from college to work for a while.
  He was handsome, always had been, but had no time for her. She wondered what
  he would say if he had seen her today.  
Then it hit her. Why not give him a chance to see what he missed today. She
  went over to the window and raised the blinds as high as she could. Brian's
  window was the only one that had a view of her room so there was no fear of
  his mother, her mom's best friend, seeing her and reporting her behavior.  
She peeked out and saw his light on and the blinds open as always. Boys rarely
  worried about that stuff and most girls wouldn't have thought to look in anyway.
  She didn't have his attention tonight but knew that at some point he would
  check anyway and get an interesting sight.  
Amanda turned out the light and slid under her covers. She wasn't ready to
  adopt the absolute lifestyle and live without any covering at all. She still
  loved her comforter and pillows. She fell into a deep and happy sleep, dreaming
  of Tom and Brian and Kristie and Cami and even Kacy. All were nude and having
  their way with her. She loved it all in her dreams and came several times.  
She felt the sun streaming in through the newly open blinds on the window
  and woke up. She was naked from her thighs up and her hand was buried between
  her legs. Her room smelled of sex and her fingers were sticky. Boy, she must
  have had some night.  
Amanda kicked off the rest of her covers and took a look. Her sheets were
  soaked at the area under her crotch so she removed it and replaced it with
  a pretty yellow checked sheet. She then did the pillowcase and made her bed.
  As she stuffed the old sheet and case into her hamper by the window, she looked
  out and saw Brian at the window, staring into hers, at her nudity.  
She pretended that she was oblivious to him standing there and lazily stretched
  in front of the window, putting all of her body from thighs to hair on display.
  She then moved away, not wanting to look like she was putting on a show, grabbed
  her robe and put it on before heading out into the bathroom to shower and clean
  herself up. Man, what has gotten into me, she thought.  
On the way, she bumped into her father, who sniffed the air. "Good morning
  Amanda, what is that smell," he asked. Mortified she claimed not to know and
  went around him and into the shower.  
In there, she felt the rush of the water against her body, which was tired
  from the many orgasms she had put herself through. Despite it, she felt drawn
  to putting her fingers down there again but she had to restrain herself.  
She shaved her legs and armpits as always and then stopped and looked at
  the little tuft of hair over her pussy. She had trimmed it before, mostly for
  gymnastics or a bathing suit. Should she take it all off? She hesitated a second
  before spraying shaving cream on her hand and rubbing it over the hair there.
  In seconds, she took the cream and the hair off, looking as bare there as she
  had before puberty.  
Amanda turned the water off and hopped out, using the towel to dry herself
  but not wrap around her body. She was not going to cover herself at any time
  she did not have to and in the bathroom after a shower was her private time.
  She would only be clothed in public or when her parents were home.  
She brushed her teeth and pulled her hair back into a ponytail before pulling
  the robe on and leaving the bathroom. Her mother called good morning from the
  bottom of the steps as she passed by at the top and Amanda cringed. Could her
  mother see up her robe as she went? Did she see her bare pussy? Well, Brian
  was about to, if he was patient and had waited around.  
As soon as she got into her room, she pulled the robe off and went to the
  window, pretending to look out to the street. Instead she looked at her neighbor's
  room and was pleasantly surprised to see him there. He guiltily turned away
  but when he turned back, she waved and opened the window. The shocked boy opened
  his window as well.  
"Good morning Brian, how are you," she asked, her bare breasts exposed as
  she leaned out the window.  
"Hi Amanda, I'm, uh, I'm fine," he stammered. "Sorry if I offended you, I
  was just--"  
"No reason to apologize, it is me who should be sorry Brian," she said sweetly. "I
  didn't mean to be throwing my breasts in your face. I didn't realize you could
  see in. Please forgive me. I'll be more careful next time."  
"NO! I mean, don't worry about it, I don't mind," he said quickly. She smiled
  and thanked him before closing the window, leaving the blinds up. Then, smelling
  the sex in the room, she left the window open a bit to air it out. No reason
  for her mom and dad to find out about her wantonness.  
She rummaged around for something to wear. Jeans were too confining now so
  she found a denim miniskirt. She threw on a bra at the last second and pulled
  a long-sleeve Abercrombie tee over her head. She loved the woman she saw in
  the mirror now, sexy but casual. As she pulled up her skirt to look at her
  bare, denuded pussy, she knew she would never be the same.  
Amanda let her skirt fall back to its normal length, covering her sex, and
  headed out of her room. As she did, she nearly bumped into Kacy who was heading
  to the bathroom wearing her robe and carrying a towel. Amanda noticed that
  her older sister looked tired and must have just woken up. She sniffed the
  air and realized it was the same smell that had wafted from her when she woke
  up. Amanda gave Kacy a knowing grin and hugged her good morning.  
"When are you going to do it," Kacy whispered.  
"Right after breakfast," Amanda said quietly. "Will you stay and support
  me?"  
"If you want," Kacy said nodding.  
As Kacy headed into the bathroom, the younger girl bounded down the steps
  in a better mood that she had been in a long time. She sniffed the air and
  following the scent into the kitchen where her mother was making French toast,
  Amanda's favorite food.  
"Oh Mom, this smells wonderful," she said, hugging her. "Thank you!"  
"You are welcome," Alice said. "My, my, don't you look pretty. What is the
  occasion? No baggy jeans or sweats today?"  
Amanda and her mom had frequently fought over clothing. Amanda had always
  favored casual, comfortable stuff while her mother had begged her to look nicer.  
"Mom, I realize that you are right, that I could try to look nicer more often," the
  girl said smiling. "I figured a skirt would be just the thing to make me feel
  more girly today."  
She saw her mother look at her proudly and smile. It was a look that said, "my
  little girl is becoming a woman." Wait until she heard what her "little girl" planned
  to do in college.  
Her dad walked in and gave her a kiss on the top of her head. "Good morning
  Daddy," she said smiling.  
"Boy, don't you look pretty today," he said. "Big day planned."  
"Maybe later," she said, thinking of how she would tease Tommy. "But I just
  wanted to start dressing nicer."  
"That's a nice look for you sweetheart," he said.  
"Thank you."  
The three made small talk while the French toast cooked. Finally Kacy came
  down and breakfast was served. The family of four was pretty close and the
  meal was happy and chatty. Everyone talked about what they had planned, what
  was going on in their lives. Kacy and her father were frequently gone off to
  work before Amanda and her mother awoke. Saturdays and Sundays were two rare
  days they all ate breakfast together. And unlike other girls her age, Amanda
  didn't sleep until noon on the weekend because she valued this time with her
  family.  
She and Kacy cleaned up the kitchen while their parents sat and had some
  coffee. Kacy gave a look to Amanda to say it was time.  
"Mom, Dad, I have something I have to tell you," Amanda said.  
"Sure honey, anything," her father said.  
Amanda took a deep breath for courage. "Well, yesterday, Kacy and I went
  to visit a college in California that I really like and think that I want to
  go to," she said.  
Her parents looked surprised. "Why didn't you ask one of us to take you Amanda," her
  mother said, a bit hurt. "I would have been happy to go with you."  
"Well, I had to check it out before coming to the two of you because I wasn't
  sure you would approve," she said.  
"How could there be a college that we would not approve of Amanda," her dad
  said. "College is college. If it works for you, then it will be fine."  
Amanda's eyes met Kacy, who nodded. Now was the time.  
"Well, this college isn't like most of the colleges," she said. "It has an
  outstanding reputation, more than 95 percent of students, and nearly 100 percent
  of women, graduate and they all get great jobs in their chosen fields."  
"Sounds great, what school is it," her mom said.  
"It's called Blanke Schande College," she said.  
Her father's jaw dropped and Amanda knew that he knew why BSC was so different.  
"I have never heard of it but--" her mom began.  
"That's the nude school isn't it," her father interrupted. Amanda nodded.  
"Nude school," her mother said, not understanding. "What do you mean?"  
"Alice, this school makes it co-eds walk around naked at all times," Bob
  said. "There must be some bunch of perverts there."  
Then he looked directly at Amanda. "There is no way you are going there.
  Over my dead body. I will not pay for a school where my daughter walks around
  showing off her body like some whore."  
The young girl's eyes filled with tears. "Is that what you think of me," she
  said, her voice shaking. "That I am a whore? Well, I'm sorry you think that
  Daddy. I'm also sorry to tell you that I am going to Blanke Schande College
  and I don't need your money. I got a full scholarship and room and board and
  I am going. I am sorry you do not approve and I really wanted you to be happy
  for me but I am going whether you like it or not."  
With that, she stormed out of the kitchen, her bare feet slapping on the
  hard floor. The three others in the room stood in silence. Kacy thought about
  running after her but decided to give her sister her space. Alice was still
  trying to register all that happened while Bob was shocked that his little
  girl was standing up to him. His daughters had always treated him with great
  deference and respect.  
"What the hell was she thinking," he asked aloud, directly his attention
  to his older daughter. "And why did you take her to that immoral place."  
Kacy shook her head. "Dad, this has nothing to do with me," she said. "Amanda
  made this decision herself from the beginning and asked me to help her. I thought
  she would get there, chicken out and never go through with it.  
"But you should have seen her there Dad, she was a different person," Kacy
  continued. "She became a woman in front of my own eyes. She grew confidence
  and fit right in."  
"I don't understand," Alice said. "Why are the girls forced to be naked?"  
"Mom, you need to ask Amanda these questions," Kacy said. "They have rationale
  and plenty of evidence to support it. And everything Manda said was true. The
  school is awesome and the graduates leave much more mature than when they arrived.
  I can't explain it, but when you are there it just feels right."  
The anger in her father's eyes was starting to pass. Now he just felt bad
  about hurting his daughter. Alice started to get her bearings and knew what
  had to be done.  
"Bob, we need to go and talk to her about this decision," she said softly,
  touching his forearm. "She is 18 and going to college. She has the right to
  make her own decision."  
The man took a deep breath. "You're right Alice you are right. Let's go and
  hear her out."  
The two parents got to their feet and went up the stairs to Amanda's room.
  The door was slightly open and what they saw when they peeked in shocked them.  
All they saw was their daughter's bare back and the top of her ass cheeks
  as she sat on the bed, head in her hands crying. They realized she was completely
  naked in her room when they saw her skirt, shirt and bra in a pile in front
  of her bed.  
"I'm not sure I can handle this," Bob whispered to his wife. "She's my daughter."  
"Nonsense Bob, she's a woman now making her own decisions," Alice said. And
  with that, she knocked on the door.  
Amanda had been so upset when she ran into her room. Could her father really
  think she was a whore? Was she a whore because she wanted to be naked?  
She pushed into her room and was about to collapse onto her bed when she
  remembered her promise to herself to only be naked in this room. She slid her
  skirt down her legs while at the same time pulling her shirt up over her head.
  Tears continued to flow as she pulled off her bra and dropped it on the pile.
  She then went around and sat on the edge of the bed and cried.  
She wasn't sure why she cried. In fact, she rarely cried, more frequently
  getting frustrated and angry but rarely coming to tears. But she felt more
  vulnerable now, like her feelings were right at the surface. Maybe it had something
  to do with her nudity, like she was removing barriers in her life. Whatever
  the reason, the tears flowed like they hadn't in years.  
She jumped when she heard the knock on the door. She turned and saw her door
  slightly open and cringed. They knew, she thought. They saw her naked in her
  room. Why had she been so careless?  
She was about to call out to them to give her a minute to dress but realized
  that soon she would not have that luxury. Amanda realized that now was the
  time to stand strong and show that she meant to live this life.  
"Come in," she said, standing up to display her completely nude body, from
  the tips of her toes, up her long, toned legs to the now bare area between
  them, up her concave stomach to her full, round breasts, her supple neck and
  pretty face.  
Her parents came in. "Jesus Christ," her father said low, under his breath.
  She knew that it had been about 10 years since he had last seen her naked.  
"Amanda, your father and I have been talking and we are sorry that we jumped
  down your throat," Alice began. "Um, would you mind putting a robe on or something.
  We are having trouble having this conversation with you like that."  
"No Mom, I will not put a robe on, not in my own room," she said. "I will
  honor your wishes and wear clothes around the house, but you have always said
  this room was mine so I would like to choose what I wear or don't wear. This
  is the life I have chosen and I hope you honor that."  
Both parents swallowed hard, shocked at the confidence in their daughter.
  Kacy had been right, something had changed in her.  
"Alright then, Amanda, I am sorry I made the comment about whores," he said. "I
  certainly do not think you are a whore. And although I know nothing about the
  other girls who choose to go to that school, I know there must be something
  special there if you have chosen them."  
The girl ran around her bed and crushed her father in a bear hug. He hugged
  her back, feeling odd as he rubbed her bare back and felt her naked breasts
  pressing into his chest.  
"Thank you Daddy, I knew you would support me," she said. "How about you
  Mom, do you understand?"  
"No, I don't, but like your father, I support you," Alice said. She reached
  over and pulled her daughter to her, giving her a peck on the cheek and a quick
  hug.  
"So, tell us about this college," Bob said, sitting the Amanda's bed.  
CHAPTER 9&mdash;Arriving at College  
The rest of the school year was a bit of a blur. She had continued to excel
  in school, finishing in the top 10 of her senior class. She also won the state
  championship in floor exercises in gymnastics and helped her team get runner-up
  status. And she was also the only student in her school to receive a full academic
  scholarship to a college.  
Her friends wanted to know all about Blanke Schande College and she had told
  them what she could. Some were ready to hear about it and one of her friends,
  Jennifer, had applied and gotten accepted. Amanda was glad to support Jennifer
  through the process, even preparing the girl for the interview.  
Her social life had improved tremendously as well. Her and Tommy became more
  and more serious and she had lost her virginity to him after the prom. It had
  been so special and sweet and there was no pain involved, just pleasure.  
There was another boy in her life as well and that was Brian. Since that
  day he had first seen her, Brian was a constant figure in the window. At night,
  Amanda would leave her light on and walk around her room naked, in full view
  of the boy. She occasionally would go towards the window and masturbate for
  him, giving the boy a real show until she came.  
One day, as she left her house, the boy approached her.  
"Hey Amanda, Hi," he said with a smile.  
"Hi Brian, I see you've been spending a lot of time in your room," she said
  laughing. "Something interesting in there?"  
The boy laughed. "Not yet, but there could be if you let it happen," he said. "Actually,
  I wondered if you would like to go out with me sometime. A movie or something."  
Amanda laughed. Usually a boy used a movie or dinner as a way to see the
  girl naked and have sex with her. Brian had already seen her naked. Now he
  wanted to finish the job.  
"You know what Brian, you are sweet for asking and I appreciate it," she
  said. "But, until I started showing off my body to you, you never had any time
  for me at all. In fact, I doubt you knew I existed. So while I am really, really
  flattered, I am going to say no, thank you."  
The boy's face turned sour in an instant. He had been sure she was flirting
  with him and that all he had to do was ask and she would fuck him.  
"Don't look so sad, you can keep looking," she said. "If it is too frustrating
  for you, I can lower my blinds."  
He smiled again. "Man, you are amazing," he said. "No, keep those blinds
  up. Thanks for the show. Maybe someday, I will get to sample some of that wonderful
  body."  
She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek and walked off down
  the street. He watched her go, her legs in that miniskirt. That nice ass swaying
  as she went. She was no longer the little girl he used to ignore. Now she was
  a woman that he couldn't take his eyes off.  
Graduation had been great. She was honored for getting a scholarship&hellip;they
  read them out in order of how much money they had been awarded and she had
  the largest award of any student in her high school.  
During the summer, she and her mother had done all of the shopping she needed
  to set up shop in her dorm room. Crates for books, sheets, pillowcases, school
  supplies, towels, a rug, microwave, a small TV and a clock radio. But, unlike
  other girls going off to school, they did not buy one item of clothing for
  her trip to college.  
Her father joked that they had enough stuff to bring, thank God they didn't
  have to bring clothes. But deep inside, Amanda knew he wished she had made
  a different choice.  
Amanda knew no other choice could have been made. She was happier than she
  had ever been in her life and felt more like a woman than ever before.  
All summer, she and Kacy had planned moments when Amanda could experience
  nudity and exposure. But they were all so phony, unable to copy what it would
  really feel like at BSC.  
One time, Kacy had driven Amanda to the park. Once there, the girl would
  strip off her clothes and leave them in the car locked. She would then have
  to run through the park to the other side where Kacy would be waiting. But
  it felt wrong, dirty. She had to escape detection in the park because getting
  caught would mean arrest. This was so alien from the atmosphere at BSC, where
  wearing clothes would get you expelled. It felt wrong and they didn't try it
  again.  
At home, she convinced her parents to let her be naked sometimes, usually
  when her dad wasn't home. He still was uncomfortable with the idea of her being
  nude in his presence. She had a few pieces of clothing on the first floor in
  case of a surprise visitor but otherwise she stayed nude. This felt more real
  and helped her get used to the idea. She was amazed that she could have a normal
  conversation with her mother while she sat there naked as could be.  
She was also still naked in her bedroom. That rule was rock solid and she
  made certain of it with her parents. She also got them to amend it to the whole
  second floor. Unless there were special circumstances, she stripped the second
  she got to the top of the stairs and stayed that way until she went back down.  
Finally, she packed up, the only clothes she brought were the ones on her
  back, a white tank top and a miniskirt. The welcome letter had requested that
  she stay clothed until the Orientation ceremony, when there would be a ritual
  undressing and burning of the clothes. They also asked for any bras or undergarments
  to be left at home.  
Since her last trip to BSC, she had hardly ever worn anything directly over
  her vagina. It felt wrong and confining. The only exception was during gymnastics
  or gym class at school when there was a uniform. Otherwise, she wore skirts
  or dresses, giving her sex room to breathe.  
The drive in the car was fun for a while. They chatted and listened to music.
  Mom and dad told them stories of their college days and they laughed at them.
  Kacy told some stories, though much tamer than some of the ones she had told
  Amanda the last few months.  
Amanda reflected on how close she and Kacy had become, as if their sisterhood
  had been solidified by her experience at BSC. They talked all of the time and
  shared their deepest and darkest secrets.  
She also thought about Tom. They had been dating since February and had become
  as close as could be. He loved the woman she was becoming and she loved the
  woman he made her be. They were really physically attracted to each other,
  unable to keep their hands off of each other.  
He had been put off when she first told him about Blanke Schande and their
  female nudity clause. He shared her father's first opinions, why would she
  want to be a whore at that college. But he had seen the determination in her
  eyes and came to appreciate the perks of the school. He promised to visit as
  often as he could.  
Their parting had been difficult last night. Tom was leaving for his school
  today too. Luckily, Amanda had gotten her share of clothes shopping out of
  the way by helping him pick out clothes. Kacy had admonished her, claiming
  she was helping him find her replacement, but Amanda was confident in herself.
  Plus, if he left her, there were plenty of boys in the BSC sea.  
The car got quiet as they pulled up to the BSC campus. Her mother and father
  both gave low whistles when they saw the nude bodies of the returning women
  helping the freshmen move in. Amanda watched as you could see every move they
  made reflected in their bare legs and ass. How their bodies and muscles flexed
  as they picked up boxes and crates. The boys were helping too, but it was obvious
  that girls got the attention here and rightly so.  
They pulled into the spots reserved for move-in day and her dad stopped the
  car. He turned and looked seriously at his daughter.  
"Amanda, hear me out please," he began. "I know this is what you want and
  I support you. But, if at any time you want to back out, I will come get you,
  no questions asked. Don't worry about the money or feel embarrassed. You can
  count on us, okay?"  
She nodded. "Thanks Dad," she said, tears filling her eyes. "But, I won't
  back out. I want this so bad."  
The man nodded and turned the car off. The four of them began to unload when
  a trio of gorgeous women came over. "What room are you," the one with blonde
  hair said cheerfully. "We'll unload your car and bring it up. You can meet
  us up there."  
Amanda's father courageously volunteered to stay with the car while Amanda,
  Kacy and their mother went up to get the room situated. She heard the older
  girls complaining about how much stuff the boys have. "From now on, we are
  only moving in stuff for the girls," she said. "It's so much easier than lugging
  clothes up and down the stairs."  
Kacy and Amanda looked at each other and giggled. This was a whole different
  world.  
At her room, they bumped into Jennifer as she and her parents exited the
  room across the hall. Amanda and Jennifer had chosen not to be roommates for
  their first year, wanting to meet other people. But the residence life folks
  at BSC had been very accommodating, giving them rooms across the hall. The
  two girls hugged while the moms chatted.  
"Can you believe we are here and about to do this," Jennifer asked.  
Amanda nodded. "I am so excited, I can't wait to begin."  
Jennifer and her parents were heading over to grab some lunch before the
  1:00 assembly. It would be there that the girls would lose the clothes they
  had on and begin their nude careers at Blanke Schande.  
The returning students made it to the room in one trip, carrying most of
  Amanda's things. Her father caught up to them in a few minutes, his eyes going
  all around the place, following the nude bodies wherever they went. He wondered
  how a male student could survive here as his penis threatened to put a tent
  in his pants.  
By the time he entered the relative safety of his daughter's room, the women
  had already set most of the stuff up. Alice was making the bed and Kacy was
  fiddling with the radio. Amanda was trying to hook her computer up on one of
  the room's two desks. She had chosen the bed and desk by the window since her
  roommate was not yet there.  
There were no closets in the girl's rooms on this wing, there was no need
  for them. There were some shelves for towels and sheets and there was a hook
  for hanging things to dry, etc. She had read that some girls do not use towels,
  the absolutes. For non-absolutes, the removal of the use of towels was sometimes
  used as a punishment for some infractions. As it were, the towel could not
  be wrapped around the body and only large washcloths were permitted.  
They unpacked everything and Amanda's dad offered to take the boxes back
  to the car since there was no place to store anything here. "Why don't we follow
  Jennifer's family's lead and go have some lunch," Alice said. "Then we can
  go to the assembly."  
The women followed Bob to the car and then headed into the dining hall. All
  of the women working behind the counter and at the registers were nude and
  had shaved pussies, according to health regulations. There were some returning
  students who were naked in line or sitting at the table but everyone else was
  fully dressed. She wondered how they felt, being the only naked women in the
  room. It looked weird to her to see women wearing clothes in this room, especially
  after seeing it during normal business. Amanda had seen this room so many times
  in her imagination, saw herself walking with a tray, heading to meet some friends.
  She never saw herself in here wearing clothes.  
While they sat and ate, each of the four had butterflies in their stomachs.
  Alice and Bob worried about leaving their daughter behind and the fact that
  she would be defenseless and naked. Kacy worried that she was losing a great
  friend whose company she had come to cherish lately. And Amanda was worried
  about making friends and fitting in, and a little about the stripping ceremony
  and being naked until her next trip home.  
"Well, it's almost one. We should head over to the assembly hall," Bob said.
  They cleaned up their spot and went out of the building.  
In the assembly hall, the family found Jennifer and her parents sitting near
  the front and on the aisle and sat right behind them. They chatted until the
  assembly began. A nude woman, whom Amanda guessed what about 30, began the
  assembly. She had very pretty short blonde hair, round and perky breasts and
  a hairless slit. She was cute and could have passed for one of the students.  
"Good morning ladies and gentlemen, my name is Kristin and I am the Director
  of Orientation," she said with just a hint of a Southern accent. "As ya'll
  can see, I am wearing the official uniform for all women who work or go to
  school on this campus. You moms, aunts, grandmoms and sisters who come to visit
  are not held to the same dress code but may feel free to comply if you would
  feel more comfortable."  
That brought some laughter from the crowd, nervous ones from the non-student
  women and hopeful ones from their husbands and the other men.  
"Now, before we can officially welcome all of our new students, our women
  need to comply with the dress code. I ask all of the new women in the Class
  of 2008 to please stand and remove your clothing."  
Amanda stood with all of the other girls. She saw Jennifer in front of her
  in her shorts and tee shirt. Amanda started by sliding out of her shoes. She
  then lifted the tank top over her head and off, letting her breasts bounce
  into place and nipples to be exposed. Amanda then completed the job by unzipping
  her skirt and letting it drop to the floor.  
She stood there naked and looked around. Many of the girls had stripped as
  quickly as her, but some were slower. She saw a topless Jennifer in front of
  her, pulling her shorts down and off. Amanda had never seen her friend nude
  and was impressed. Her breasts were smaller than Amanda's but her sex was prominent
  and looked so ripe with round butt cheeks and smooth tan skin. She was quite
  a sight.  
"Well, ladies, please hand your clothing to a member of your family and you
  may be seated," she said. "Be careful of the chairs, they can be cold."  
That brought more laughter from the audience, some of it nervous but much
  of it true. Amanda bent over and picked up her clothes and handed them to her
  mother who had tears in her eyes. "Now, I would like to introduce our president,
  Dr. Eleanor Grines Ferguson."  
There was polite applause as the naked, middle-aged woman stood and went
  to the microphone. Going along with the general openness of the school, the
  podium was glass and covered nothing. Dr. Ferguson was very cute, with her
  brown hair in a bob. She was heavier than most of the other women on stage,
  with full but floppy breasts, large nipples that were erect and pointing out
  at the audience. She had very heavy thighs and a completely shaved vagina.  
"Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Class of 2008," she said. "I
  would like to congratulate you on your courage in choosing Blanke Schande.
  While that is true of all of our students, it is especially true of our ladies.
  Adjusting to college life is hard for all students, but our women who have
  to undergo a very special transformation than many of their counterparts. To
  go against societial norms and live their lives free of clothes and hang ups
  about sexuality and power make them very special indeed."  
"I would also like to commend those males in the audience for their decision," she
  continued. "While it may seem like an easy decision to come to a school that
  requires female nudity at all times, it is not as easy as it looks. It requires
  great discipline to concentrate and also to learn how to respect the women
  as more than sex objects. This is an issue at every school but none deal with
  it with the force that we do.  
"To you parents, I am here to tell you that there is little to fear about
  the safety of your students here at Blanke Schande. We have had zero cases
  of date rape or sexual harassment or assault in the last six years. Our nudity
  does not make rapists out of the men on campus. On the contrary, they learn
  a healthy respect of women and ways of dealing with women that goes beyond
  their bodies. Here at Blanke Schande, men and women are able to get beyond
  the sexual tension, because it is so public. Here, we get past it quickly and
  move on."  
Amanda looked at her father who smiled at the president's words. She could
  tell it helped allay some of his fears.  
"In conclusion, I welcome you all to the Blanke Schande family," she said. "We
  are a proud group here and we are able to include you as one with us. As you
  can see, I have nothing to hide and my door is always open. Any problems you
  have, please feel free to contact me. Thank you and I wish everyone a great
  semester."  
The group applauded the president, who sat down, her feet shoulder length
  apart giving everyone in the audience a full view of her vagina. Amanda was
  proud of her for being so open and was happy to go to a school run by her.  
Kristen then got up to speak. "That wraps up our assembly and it is time
  for goodbyes," she said. "I know this is hard but we really do believe that
  it is important for your students to get to know one another without the feeling
  of keeping track of their families. We will take a short break but ask that
  the students be back in this room in 30 minutes. I am available if anyone has
  any questions. Thank y'all."  
The audience started to get to their feet. Amanda sprang up, her tight breasts
  barely bouncing. She saw Jennifer in front of her, looking a bit more nervous
  with her nudity than she felt. She was proud of her though, Jen wasn't covering
  herself. But the blush went from her face down her breasts to her belly.  
She followed her family out the door of the assembly. Amanda felt very whole
  mixing with the other naked girls. This felt so right.  
Parting at her parents' car was hard. She hugged her father, who choked back
  tears, and her mother, who did not hide hers. She also got a hug and kiss from
  Kacy, who whispered, "I'll miss you," and then the group drove away as she
  stood there waving, her naked body completely vulnerable. Her last vestige
  of clothing was in the car with her family and she was committed to a life
  of nudity.  
CHAPTER 10&mdash;Her First Days  
Amanda trudged back into the assembly hall to look for Jennifer.  
"Amanda!" She heard a voice shouting at her from just inside the hall.  
"Kristie! Hi!" The two naked girls ran at each other and embraced. Kristie
  introduced Amanda to her friends who shook hands. There were three nude girls
  there and one boy dressed in shorts and a tee. She felt his eyes devour here
  and wanted to cover herself but remembered her place and instead just absorbed
  his eyes.  
"Enough of that crap Wagner, give the girl a break," Kristie said with a
  slap to the boy's arm. That got laughter from all of the girls, including Amanda.  
"Sorry about that, I just couldn't help it," he said with a smile. "I'm Tim
  Wagner, one of the orientation leaders."  
She shook hands and felt a spark. "Nice to meet you Tim."  
"Look, I know this isn't supposed to happen yet, but can I be the first guy
  to ask you to present," he said softly. "You are so beautiful."  
Amanda gulped, not sure of what to do. She had read the rules mailed to her
  over the summer and knew the details of presenting to a tee. But could he ask
  her already? She looked at Kristie who nodded her approval.  
"Ok, um, what should I do," she said, uncomfortable in her lack of knowledge.  
"Since we are in the assembly hall, how about sitting in one of the chairs
  and spreading your pussy lips for me," Tim said, licking his lips.  
She sat in one of the metal folding chairs and put her feet on the chairs
  in front of her. She felt everyone's eyes go directly to her slit, which was
  still bare. She then took her hands and spread her lips, displaying her pink
  insides to the boy and the other girls.  
For a second, she felt dirty, like the whore her father had talked about.
  But when she looked up and saw the respect in the girls' faces and the lust
  on Tim's, she smiled and felt powerful.  
"Is that good Tim," she asked sweetly.  
"Um, yeah, perfect, thanks," he stammered.  
She let her lips close and put her feet on the ground when Jennifer ran up
  to her. "What's going on," she asked.  
"Nothing, but Amanda just gave her first presentation and you can see what
  the reaction was," Kristie said, pointing to the boy who stood still. Well,
  everything was still but his penis, which was obviously growing in his pants. "Boys
  are amazing. Tim has been looking at naked girls for four years and still gets
  a hard on and spellbound by a new pussy. Unbelievable."  
"Wow, seriously, that is the prettiest pussy I have ever seen Amanda," he
  said, looking at her crotch despite not being able to see much anymore. "Holy
  Christ."  
That earned him another slap on the arm. "Hey fucker, who's your girlfriend
  here, me or Amanda," Kristie said, looking angry. Then she broke out in a huge
  grin. "That's okay. She can grow it, but I get it inside."  
"Ewww," the other girls said and the group all laughed.  
"Amanda, you are on my hall, I am the RA," Kristie said. "Should be fun.
  I can show you the ropes."  
Amanda smiled, happy that her new friend was also going to live nearby. She
  introduced Jennifer to Kristie, Tim and the rest of the girls before the two
  new students found seats.  
"What was it like," Jennifer asked. "I am so nervous of doing it for the
  first time."  
"It was weird," Amanda said. "First it felt bad and wrong, like I was a slut
  or something. But then I looked at his face and realized that I had all of
  the power. It was great after that, not shaming at all."  
Jennifer looked like she had another question, but Kristin was back at the
  podium to begin the program.  
The rest of the assembly was the same. They heard speeches and they also
  watched some skits performed by members of the Orientation team. Kristie and
  Tim did a funny one about the perils of presenting outside in winter, advising
  both boys and girls to use their heads during presenting. They also got into
  the issues of offering relief to the boys.  
Afterwards, they went to the dining hall for dinner. This felt more natural,
  being naked in the room. It felt so good to have Jennifer with her. They found
  a table with a few empty seats. Only one girl sat there. She was cute, with
  little but perky breasts on pale skin. Her nipples, like most of the girls
  in the room, were hard and looked uncomfortable. She was nibbling on a sandwich
  when Amanda and Jennifer asked if they could sit.  
The girl smiled, "yes, thank God. I was beginning to think I was going to
  have to eat all alone."  
The girls introduced themselves to the seated nude. "I'm Jackie, nice to
  meet you," she said. "Amanda, do you live on the third floor of Hefner Hall?" When
  Amanda nodded, Jackie shrieked. "I'm your roomie!"  
The three girls chatted for a while before being joined by Tim and two other
  boys. "There she is gentlemen, the prettiest pussy I have ever seen on this
  campus," Tim said, pointing at Amanda. The girl got redfaced and felt ashamed
  but was oddly proud.  
"You had to present already," Jackie asked. "Wow, you are a brave chick.
  I'm so nervous about it."  
"Me too," Jennifer added.  
"Well, why don't we help you get over it," one of the boys with Tim said. "How
  about all three of you present for us right now."  
Although the request was formed like a question, the girls knew they had
  no choice but to comply.  
"Just pussies for now girls," Tim said. "We'll get to those assholes another
  time."  
The girls all blushed at his bluntness. Amanda was first as she put her bare
  feet onto the table and spread her legs. Using her hands, she spread her pussy
  lips again, displaying the pinkness. The boys gasped and one of the boys said, "shit,
  you're right Wagner. She gorgeous down there."  
That got the competitive juices flowing in Jackie, who spread her legs wide,
  putting her feet on the chairs on either side and eased her bare pussy up and
  over the table level. She also spread her lips and received gasps of surprise
  from the boys.  
"Very nice, also gorgeous," Tim said. "A bumper crop of pussies this year.
  Now it's your turn."  
Jennifer was slower, a bit more modest. She also put her bare feet up on
  the table and slowly spread her legs, letting her pussy come into view slowly.
  She had a tuft of black hair atop her slit and some hair around the sides of
  her lips. She also spread the lips, taking example from the other two girls.  
The boys were in heaven, going from pussy to pussy to pussy. They were mesmerized
  by the sight of the three, so pretty all but so different from each other.  
Amanda's was by far the best. Tim wasn't lying when he said it was the prettiest
  he had ever seen and Tim was a connoisseur of pussies. Her lips were full and
  pouty and her slit ran up higher on her mound than many other girls. Also,
  her lips had a natural part to them so that her inner pinkness showed through.
  The lack of pubic hair made her pussy so prominent and sexual that he wanted
  to drop to his knees and put his mouth right on it.  
Jackie's was different but still awesome. The lips weren't quite as full
  but they met together so no pink showed through. However, her clit was quite
  long and poked through the flap of skin at the top of her slit. The boys imagined
  that the girl must get off pretty easily with a clit that long.  
Finally, there was Jennifer. She wasn't totally shaved and that was a treat
  for the boys who normally dealt with bare slits. The hair there was a good
  contrast to her skin and just looked right. When she spread her lips, her inner
  lips were red and extremely moist.  
After what seemed like an eternity to the girls, Tim told them thanks and
  they could close their legs. The boys smiled and moved on to another table,
  scoping out the new talent.  
"Man, that was amazing," Jackie said, slightly shivering despite the warm
  temps in the room. "Now, what do the girls do for relief around here?"  
The girls giggled and finished eating. They cleared their table and walked
  back to Hefner Hall.  
CHAPTER 11&mdash;Relief for the Girls  
When they arrived at their residence hall, they found Kristie on her knees,
  sucking the cock of a male student. She waved and, with her mouth full, told
  the girls she would be down to see them in a minute.  
The three girls were amazed at the sight, though Amanda had seen it before
  during her tour. They moved around her and into Amanda and Jackie's room. Jennifer
  headed into her room to meet her roommate and brought her back to meet Amanda
  and Jackie.  
"This is Maureen, my roommate," she said. The other girls gave the new girl
  the once over. She was very tall, probably 5-11 or 6-0. Maureen, who had Irish
  complexion, had small breasts but long, gorgeous legs. She had a tuft of blonde
  hair on her pubic mound and her nipples were typically hard.  
The four girls settled right in and talked like old friends. Maureen and
  Jackie filled Amanda and Jennifer in about where they were from and how they
  got to Blanke Schande. The smell of sex filled the room and all of the girls
  knew why. The display with the boys had excited the three others and Maureen
  was just getting used to the nudity.  
Just then, Kristie came in. "Hello," she said. "I am glad you two met up," she
  said, directing her comments to Maureen and Jennifer.  
Jennifer was intrigued by the scene that she had witnessed with Kristie giving
  oral to the boy in the hall and asked, "how often do you have to do that?"  
"Well, with the freshmen, it happens a lot," she said. "They don't know what
  to do or how to handle all of this and need relief. You can see them struggling
  and many of them are too shy for help so I usually offer when I can, when I
  have some free time. Even the upperclassmen have trouble in the beginning,
  after being away from it for the summer."  
The girls let that sink in. Amanda realized she would be doing a good deed
  by helping the boys out. And what did she lose from it, she wondered. It would
  feel good to help someone out.  
"We were wondering," Jackie said. "How do girls get relief?"  
The other girls giggled but Kristie looked semi-serious.  
"Well, there are some options," she said. "One is obvious, that's masturbation.
  Or you could ask the boys to take care of it for you but that takes some time
  and can lead to more frustration."  
The girls got quiet, not sure if they could ask the boys for relief. "You
  said there was another option," Amanda said hopefully.  
"Yep, well, remember on your tour when I said we girls stick together for
  warmth and everything," she said, leading to nodding from Amanda. "Well, we
  girls also stick together for relief as well."  
The girls all tensed up. Was Kristie saying what they thought she was saying?  
"I can see that you are all a little grossed out about it," she said. "It's
  okay, you'll get there. When you feel the need bad enough and your fingers
  just won't do, you'll get there."  
The girls looked uncomfortable and Kristie sized the situation up. "You guys
  are at that point right now, aren't you?"  
Amanda nodded and so did Jackie. Jennifer and Maureen both gave quiet, shy
  yeses.  
"Ok, let's take care of that then," Kristie said. "Manda, can you be the
  first? I know you the best."  
Amanda nodded, reluctant to be the first but knowing she had a need. Kristie
  instructed her to lie on her back on the bed.  
"Now, this is called a 69 and we can both get pleasure from it," she said. "I
  have needs too and all of this stuff turns me on too."  
She climbed on top of Amanda who was surprised to see Kristie's pussy just
  inches from her face. "You lick me while I lick you okay," she said smiling. "It's
  great fun."  
Slowly the blonde girl eased her pussy onto Amanda's face and began to slowly
  lick the girl's soaked slit. Amanda groaned in pleasure at the first soft touch
  and then began to lick the slit above her. She had never seen a girl's private
  parts so close, not even her own. She was intoxicated by the smell and the
  pretty lips. And then the taste, nothing she could decipher but tasted raw,
  like sex itself. She realized that she liked it a lot.  
In a few seconds, she could think of nothing but the amazing feeling starting
  at her vagina and shooting up her spine throughout her body. She felt Kristie's
  hard breasts poking into her belly, the girl's fingers spreading her nether
  lips and that tongue pushing into places that no tongue ever had. She started
  moaning in pleasure at the first touch and continued. She tried to keep up
  her end of things, licking as best she could but she quickly lost control of
  her mouth. Instead she paid there, licking once or twice for every hundred
  she was receiving.  
"Oh GOD," she screamed out as the orgasm rushed through her. She stiffened
  and shook as it flowed through her entire body. Her orgasm was screamed into
  Kristie's wide-open pussy which was pressed against her mouth.  
She clamped her legs together in an attempt at making Kristie stop but the
  girl kept going, leading Amanda down that path again. This time it came much
  faster and the freshman came again, another bone-rattling orgasm, the best
  she ever had.  
This time, Kristie stopped and scooted off of her partner. "You respond so
  well, you were made for pleasure," the senior said, wiping her mouth off with
  her hand. She leaned over and gave the girl a huge hug. Tears flowed out of
  Amanda's eyes and down her cheeks from the pleasure she had just received. "Thank
  you Kristie, that was amazing," she said.  
Kristie then took a turn with each of the other girls. Amanda was amazed
  at the primal look of it. This was raw sex&hellip;not loving, just pleasure.
  The other girls responded like her, each having two earth-shattering orgasms.  
Kristie moved her jaw to work the kinks out. She just given oral to a boy
  and four girls and coaxed nine orgasms out of them. But Amanda could tell that
  she yearned for relief as well.  
"Kristie, may I," Amanda asked.  
"Oh God yes, thank you for asking, I'm dying here," she said. With that,
  Amanda dropped to her knees on the tile floor and dove between her RA's legs.
  The other girls got into the act too, caressing Kristie's legs and breasts.
  Jackie even met Kristie's lips with her own, engaging in a long, drawn-out
  kiss.  
It wasn't long before the senior starting bucking. Her orgasm was loud, long
  and drawn out, not ending as quickly as the freshmen had. She took her hand
  and trapped Amanda's face into her slit and screamed out in pleasure. Finally
  she sagged there, releasing the girl's hair. Amanda came up for air, Kristie's
  hands playing with her hair.  
"That girls was your first lesson on female bonding at BSC," the older girls
  said to giggles.  
Kristie got up and left the room, heading down the hall to welcome other
  girls. "Wonder how many times she have to perform sex acts tonight," Jackie
  asked, giving the other girls another good laugh.  
Jennifer and Maureen decided to take a walking tour of campus and chat among
  themselves. Jackie and Amanda were left alone.  
"I know this is silly, but I'm freaking exhausted," Amanda said. "Do you
  mind if I go to sleep?"  
Jackie shook her head. "Not at all, I'm pretty tired too."  
The two girls gathered their tooth brushes, etc. and headed down to the bathroom
  to brush. There they were startled to see a girl sitting on the toilet, looking
  in some pain.  
"Are you alright," they asked her. She started sobbing.  
"I'm not alright, I have to shit so bad and can't and everyone walking in
  can see me here, it is so humiliating," she cried. "I hate this fucking bathroom
  setup. I want stalls and doors and some fucking privacy. UGHH!" With that the
  girls heard a sound that sounded like gas and a loud plop in the toilet. The
  girl screamed out in pain and humiliation.  
"Relax sweetie," Jackie said. "It's okay. We all poop and now we will all
  see it when it happens."  
Tears flowed down the girl's face. "I can't take it. This is so fucking humiliating.
  OHHH!" Another sound of gas and another loud plop.  
The girl looked to be in severe anxiety. Amanda ran out to get Kristie. As
  the Ra came in, the girl was wiping her bottom and flushing. Kristie put her
  arm around her and led her to the sink to wash up. They then left the bathroom,
  the older girl supporting the younger one as she sobbed.  
Amanda and Jackie looked shaken. "I guess this lifestyle isn't cut out for
  everyone," Jackie said. "Why did she come here if she wasn't ready to handle
  it?"  
Amanda stuck up for the girl. "Well, sometimes you think you can make it
  and realize it's too much," she said. "I haven't gone to the bathroom since
  I got here. Maybe when I get constipated, I will freak out too."  
"I won't let it happen Amanda," Jackie said softly. "We're in this together."  
The two girls smiled at each other and finished brushing their teeth. When
  they got back to their bedroom and turned out the lights, Jackie looked at
  her roommate. "Um, Amanda, do you mind if we slept in the same bed," she said. "I
  was thinking it would be nice."  
Amanda smiled. "Yes, I think I need a friend tonight." The two girls hopped
  under Amanda's soft, fresh comforter and fell into each other's arms, both
  sleeping the blissful sleep of contented women.  
CHAPTER 12-First Day  
Amanda heard the alarm and felt the warm nude body next to her. She could
  get used to this. Though she had loved the orgasms given to her by Kristie
  and loved the soft touch of her roomie, Amanda knew she was a heterosexual
  girl because she still yearned for that male touch.  
She slid out of bed and shut the alarm off. She glanced at the Jackie's schedule
  hanging on her desk and saw that the other girl did not need to be up for another
  three hours. Amanda had scheduled early classes for herself, loving the morning.  
The girl stretched and wondered if she had time for a morning jog. She still
  had two hours before her first class and wanted to get a 30-minute run in.
  Then she could just shower and head to breakfast and class.  
The run was interesting as she had never exercised nude before. She was very
  aware of her bare feet pounding into the dirt path around the campus and her
  breasts bobbing up and down on her frame. She felt the sweat dripping down
  her body with nothing to absorb it.  
She passed several other students running, mostly girls nude like her but
  also some boys. She felt so free when she was running but when the boys came
  she did feel a twinge of anxiety at having them see her in this way. She imagined
  the view they received of her sweaty nude form, breasts bouncing, her legs
  twitching as she went, her bare feet dirty and a bit muddy from pounding into
  the dirt.  
But then she saw the other girls, running proudly, no sign of shame on their
  faces. She wanted that, needed to be like that. So she acted like she wasn't
  ashamed, instead running with her head up high, her breasts thrust out proudly.  
Finally, the run was over and Amanda felt a real need to shower. She was
  joined by two girls who introduced themselves and smiled when she asked if
  they were going to shower. The three nudes went towards Amanda's residence
  hall, Hefner Hall, and Amanda was shocked by what she saw.  
The wall facing the quad had about a dozen shower heads protruding from it,
  and currently, three women were under the spray, soaping up their hair and
  their bodies. Amanda saw that each spray nozzle had a cabinet attached to the
  wall and saw in one of the open ones that there was shampoo, conditioner, soap
  and body spray in each one.  
Amanda remembered being told that the school provided shower supplies for
  females and she knew the principles of BSC forbid walls and privacy for women,
  but this was beyond what she anticipated. The other girls saw her reluctance
  and coaxed her in.  
"Come on Amanda, you'll have to shower here at some point," the redhead girl
  named Kathy said. She went in and turned the water on, getting it to the proper
  heat. "Here, it's all ready."  
Amanda knew the other girl was right and reluctantly moved under the spray.
  She loved the feeling of the water washing away her sweat and grime. She saw
  a group of boys stop along the path and watch her and the other girls. Inwardly
  she clenched but then remembered where she was and instead let herself drift
  away. She soaped up her hair and body, relishing the smell of the raspberry
  shampoo mixing with the clean smell of the soap.  
"You're a natural Amanda," she heard a voice yell. She looked up and saw
  Kristie waving, walking hand-in-hand with Tim.  
Finally she was done and she went over to where the other girls were toweling
  off. BSC also provided towels, though some girls chose to use their own. These
  towels were nicer than the ones she had brought and Amanda dried herself, careful
  to avoid covering herself in any way. She then used the body spray to enhance
  the raspberry smell and give her smooth skin. She noticed that her underarms
  and pubic mound were still smooth. Might not need a shave for another day or
  two, she thought.  
She headed back up to her room, letting her body feel the cool breeze on
  her soft, still damp skin. It was something she had never felt before on her
  bare breasts and slit. It was like coming out of a pool only with no suit on.  
She went into her room and saw Jackie still asleep. But the girl had pushed
  aside her covers and was lying spread, her vagina on full display and her lips
  separating to reveal her pink girl inside. Amanda wasn't sure where it came
  from, but she had a great desire to kneel between the girl's legs and lick
  that sex. She hadn't even touched another girl's vagina before yesterday and
  now she was obsessed with it.  
Not dressing made getting ready easy. She put on some lipstick and brushed
  her hair into a ponytail. She grabbed her book bag and threw it over her shoulder
  and left the room.  
As luck would have it, Maureen was just leaving her room as well, also to
  go to breakfast. The two new friends walked to the dining hall, chatting about
  the weather and how strange it was to be naked in public.  
"Did you shower this morning," Amanda asked. She was unable to ascertain
  the answer from the girl's blush. Was she blushing because she had showered
  in the very public BSC way or because she hadn't?  
"Yes, I showered," she said. "I had to go over to the boys' lounge area and
  shower there. I was the only girl there and some boys came in while I was there.
  They showered right next to me. It was weird."  
"Did any of them ask for relief," Amanda asked. Maureen just shook her head
  before adding, "but several probably needed it. I wish I were as brave as Kristie
  and offer to help them."  
As they scooped fruit into bowls in the caf, Amanda told Maureen of her morning
  experiences. After getting some cereal and coffee, the two found a semi-secluded
  seat in the corner. Both felt the need to hide just a little.  
"I feel like I really need to watch what I eat," Maureen said, taking a forkful
  of melon. "It's like, everyone in the whole world will see an extra ounce on
  my body. Even if I eat too much, my gut will show."  
"I know what you mean," Amanda said laughing. "Like, if I eat a big piece
  of something, people will watch it go all the way down my body. They can see
  the whole process."  
As they ate, Amanda again felt the other-worldly feeling of the cold, hard
  plastic under her ass and her bare back against the chair. Her bare feet also
  rubbed against the smooth tile floor that was cool to the touch. That coolness
  ran up her body and made her shiver.  
"Yeah, I know that feeling," Maureen said. "I have felt a draft since I got
  here and it's only September. What am I going to do when fall and winter hit?"  
The two were almost finished when a table full of boys sat next to them.
  They absorbed every visible inch of the two nude girls before sitting. Amanda
  got a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach, knowing she was going to be
  asked to present. This felt different in the early morning then it had yesterday.
  She had been all gung-ho then. Now she wanted to be left alone for a little
  while.  
She was not surprised to be asked to come over. Her and Maureen dutifully
  got up from their table and moved towards the boys.  
"Seen a good asshole yet today boys," one of the group said aloud. That got
  laughs from the other boys and cringing from the girls, neither of whom had
  presented their asses yet.  
Amanda didn't like this boy. He was demeaning her and her friend. It was
  time to take back control.  
"Well, I have and he was talking and ordering me to present," she said looking
  at the boy. Just then, she bent over, her ass just sticking up over the table
  and reached back to pull her ass cheeks apart. Following her friend's lead,
  Maureen did the same thing.  
That made the boy's silent. Finally Amanda looked up. "Is that good for you
  boys," she said, her face red from the situation and from the blood flowing
  down as she bent over.  
"Yeah, good, thanks," one of the other boys said politely.  
The two girls stood up. "I don't mind what you said, asking us to present
  is part of life," she said, looking directly at the offending boy. "I mind
  the way you said it. I may be naked and forced to show myself to dicks like
  you but I deserve respect and so does my friend."  
With that, she spun around, followed by Maureen, and went back to clear their
  table and leave the cafeteria. Before they could exit, they were met by the
  rude boy.  
"Excuse me," he said softly. "I just wanted to say I am sorry for the way
  I acted just now. I was trying to show off and win some friends, but I know
  you are right. You girls deserve a lot of respect for your openness and courage.
  I was wrong to make fun of you."  
Amanda and Maureen were surprised by the apology but nodded their acceptance.
  The boy then turned and went back to his seat. The two girls were silent until
  they got outside. "Wow, you really got to him," Maureen said. "He seemed genuinely
  apologetic."  
"Yeah, I'm surprised," Amanda answered. "I thought he was just one of those
  pigs. But I was wrong, he was okay. Just trying to fit in, like the rest of
  us."  
They walked down the path towards the classroom buildings. "Do you believe
  we just showed our assholes to six boys in a freaking dining hall," Maureen
  asked in surprise. "Holy shit, I used to freak out if a boy could see up my
  skirt or down my blouse!"  
The two laughed and parted ways at the end of the path. Maureen was heading
  to the science building while Amanda had class in English. She passed several
  other naked girls and many other clothed males. Everyone's eyes were moving
  all around, taking in the female flesh that was so plentiful.  
CHAPTER 13&mdash;First Class  
She found the classroom she was looking for and saw that it was theater style.
  She was grateful to see that the seats were covered with fabric instead of
  cool plastic, metal or wood. She found one towards the back in the middle so
  no one would have to pass by her to squeeze through and pulled one of the books
  out of her book bag.  
Amanda watched some of the other students come in. Both the girls and the
  boys looked awkward. Most of them were freshmen so, like her, they were still
  getting comfortable with all the nudity. She noticed that a few girls had no
  book bags, carrying books. She guessed they either had just one class or were
  absolutes like Kristie.  
As she glanced over towards the end of her row, Amanda saw a boy squirming
  uncomfortably in his seat. She could tell he was trying desperately not to
  look at all of the nudity around him but was becoming very aroused. He had
  his book bag on his lap and seemed bent over in pain.  
Immediately, Amanda felt sorry for the boy. She had no idea how an unwanted
  erection might feel but imagined it would be embarrassing and possibly painful,
  something like how her nipples felt when they were erect and pressing into
  her bra. A part of her brain was fascinated that she could feel the boy's embarrassment
  when she was sitting there butt naked and not feeling humiliated at all.  
Amanda got to her feet and went down to sit next to the boy. He gave a little
  jump when he saw her and turned his body a bit away from her.  
"Hi, I'm Amanda," she said, offering her hand in greeting.  
The boy weakly took it. "I'm Bill. Bill Sanderson." She could tell that he
  was really embarrassed, unable to even look at her.  
"Look Bill, I can tell that you are, um uncomfortable," she said kindly. "I
  am too, just horny all the time."  
The boy looked at her, his eyes big as saucers. "You girls are feeling it
  too," he said in surprise. "I didn't realize you felt that way."  
"Sure we do," she said. "You don't think you would be aroused if you had
  to walk around naked all of the time? Everyone watching you, seeing you nude?"  
The boy nodded. "I guess I didn't think about it like that."  
"You know, my friends and I were talking to our RA last night about providing
  relief," she said. "You know what that is right?"  
The boy nodded, his eyes still huge. Every boy knew about relief and dreamed
  about it.  
"Well, if you can make it through this class, maybe we can duck into an alcove
  or a closet and I can give you relief," she said shyly, not believing she was
  being so brazen.  
"Oh thank you, thank you so much," Bill said. "I have been dying to ask someone
  but didn't know how."  
"Now you don't have to," she said, patting his hand. "Let's meet in the hall
  after class okay?"  
"Oh no, I am not leaving this classroom without you right next to me," he
  said, smiling for the first time. Amanda smiled back and scurried to her seat
  just in time for the professor to walk in.  
Dr. Meredith Morgan was a stunning blonde. She looked to be about 30 and
  was in her second year at Blanke Schande College. It had taken her most of
  her first year to get adjusted to standing in front of a class of 40 freshmen
  wearing no clothing but today she felt confident. She was much more used to
  her nudity then they were and would take it in stride.  
The class was a basic freshmen composition course and Amanda had always been
  good at writing. But she was having a tough time concentrating on Dr. Morgan.
  Her eyes were directed at the women's small but perky breasts pointing directly
  at the class as she spoke. The woman's nipples, like most of the girls at the
  college, were hard and pointy. Dr. Morgan had a little tuft of blonde hair
  over her vagina but everyone could see her clitoris hanging down out of its
  sheath.  
As Dr. Morgan spoke, Amanda felt her own pussy getting wet and wondered if
  her clit was as big as her professor. She felt every whoosh of air flying into
  the room, every hand up seemed to cause more wind. She got lost in a dream
  world, where the only thing she could feel were her breasts and her nipples.
  She imagined feeling her knees bare against the floor and what a penis would
  taste like. She had never had one in her mouth but from touching one and feeling
  it in her pussy, she had an idea.  
"Alright class, your assignment is on the syllabus. See you next time."  
Dr. Morgan's closing words snapped Amanda out of her daydream. She realized
  that she had missed most of the lecture and hoped that this didn't continue.
  Her grades would be awful if it did.  
She got to her feet and walked over to where Bill was standing. She took
  him by the hand and the two left the classroom. Over to the right, there was
  a window sill tucked away from the rest of the hallway. Amanda imagined that
  it was semi-private and led the boy to it. She dropped to her knees, feeling
  the cold flooring underneath them, and undid his jeans. She quickly pulled
  them down and freed his long cock from its confinement in her shorts and let
  it spring out. Amanda was fascinated by the penis, its soft skin and it's smooth
  feel. She kissed the tip, wanting to let her tongue run over it, wanting to
  taste it. She wrapped her mouth around the top of his shaft, eliciting a moan
  from the boy. Still on her knees, she pushed him towards the sill so he could
  lean against it for support.  
And Bill needed it because the feelings emanating from his penis and running
  through his whole body was stronger than anything he had ever felt before.
  He put his hands on her head, letting his fingers run through her hair. This
  was beyond belief and he knew he would burst soon.  
Amanda gagged a bit at the intrusion in her throat as Bill pushed her head
  deeper onto his shaft but quickly adjusted. She began moving her mouth up and
  down the boy's smooth shaft, letting her tongue run over the underside. From
  his moans, she knew she was doing something good. She felt his penis twitch
  in her mouth and then felt the hot spurts hit the back of her throat. Not knowing
  what to do, she swallowed the liquid as it filled her mouth, taking it all
  and savoring the taste of her first blowjob.  
Finally the spurting stopped and she heard Bill groan in relief. The cock
  in her mouth got soft and Bill let her head go. She pulled her mouth off of
  the penis and saw it dangle lifelessly between the boy's legs, nothing like
  the monster it had been a few seconds ago.  
Using the side of her hand, Amanda wiped the remnant of the act off onto
  her hand. "Well, if you ever need relief again, I'm your girl," she said smiling. "That
  was really nice."  
Bill laughed. "Nice for you," he said sarcastically. "No, that was nice for
  me. Thank you so much. I never would have had the guts to ask for relief but
  I needed it so bad. My balls were aching. No offense."  
The girl smiled. "None taken Bill. You tasted good. You are my first you
  know."  
Amanda got to her feet and gave the boy a kiss on the cheek. "Want to walk
  to lunch with me," she asked. Bill nodded and the two walked towards the cafeteria
  hand in hand.  
CHAPTER 14-Bill Relieves Amanda  
In the cafeteria, Amanda and Bill sat at a table for two. The boy was amazed
  at this wonderful girl, so full of energy and intelligence but so perfect looking.
  She was gorgeous, better than any girl he could have ever imagined having sex
  with.  
As they talked, Bill felt the girl's bare foot slowly inch its way up his
  jeans-covered leg and rest itself right on his crotch.  
"If I get you excited again, do I get to give you more relief," she asked
  flirtatiously. She gave him the sexiest look she could muster, letting the
  tip of her tongue dart out between her lips.  
He laughed. "Amanda, you can give me relief anytime you want," he said. "And
  I might need it in a minute or two if you keep that up."  
The girl removed her foot from the boy's crotch and they went back to eating.
  As they finished, Amanda looked shyly at Bill.  
"Um, I can't believe I am asking this, but would you come back to my room
  with me," she asked.  
"Well, I have class in 40 minutes," he said.  
"Please," she said, "I just need some relief."  
The boy understood the need immediately and nodded. She took him by the hand
  and led him back towards Hefner Hall. Bill had a hard time keeping up with
  the naked girl as his penis was sticking harshly into his jeans.  
She led him into her building and up the stairs to her hall, praying that
  Jackie was out. She wanted to share this moment with the boy she now had a
  sexual crush on and wanted it to be private. It had been nearly a week since
  her last sex with Tommy and she felt the urge badly.  
Luckily, the room was empty and Amanda dropped to her knees. She quickly
  undid Bill's belt and jeans and pulled them down. The boy's penis was still
  covered by his underpants but nothing was left to the imagination.  
"Please Bill, please take it out," she begged. "I am so horny."  
The boy gently pulled his penis out of its confines and Amanda's hand went
  right to it, stroking it slowly and sexily. She pulled him over towards the
  bed she had recently shared with Jackie and straddled his body. This is so
  much easier naked, she thought. Her bare vagina was just inches from his erect
  penis.  
"Put it inside Bill, please," she whispered.  
The boy was eager to oblige and slowly pushed his member past Amanda's outer
  pussy lips and inside, just enough to make her moan in pleasure but not in
  total fulfillment. To make that happen she wrapped her legs around his waist
  and thrust herself up towards his cock.  
"OH GOD!" Both of them cried out in the pleasure of the moment as the penis
  completely filled her pussy. She felt his penis touch every millimeter of her
  inner cunt and gripped the long organ with her muscles. The two got into a
  major rhythm, with Bill pushing down and Amanda matching his thrusts with ones
  of her own. Their bodies seemed to be in perfect sequence as they fucked for
  what seemed like hours. Truthfully, it was more like 10 minutes before Bill
  cried out in orgasm. Feeling the hot sperm fill her vagina, Amanda's whole
  body shook in pleasure and she came violently but silently.  
Bill's body went limp and he collapsed on the girl. She felt the weight of
  the man and felt so loved and full. Her legs were still wrapped around him
  and she added her arms around his neck, running her fingers through his sweaty
  hair.  
"Thank you Bill, that was amazing," she whispered in his ear. That elicted
  a groan from the man who seemed out of it.  
Finally he stirred. "How the hell am I supposed to get through a day of classes
  after you make me cum like that twice," he said with a smile.  
"Well, we don't have to do it again if you don't want," she said, acting
  insulted.  
"Okay, I guess I'll have sex with you again sometime," he said. "You were
  pretty good."  
She started hitting his back and kicking him in the ass. "Fuck you buddy,
  I am way better than pretty good," she said. "Man enough to go at it again?"  
With that she began to move her vaginal muscles again around his cock, which
  had softened a lot but was still lodged in her. She knew that most men were
  unable to get aroused more than once and had been happy that he got it up for
  the fuck after the blowjob, but she wanted more.  
"No, please no more, not today," he begged. "But maybe I can do something
  for you."  
He pulled his penis out of her, causing her to groan in disappointment, and
  laid right next to her. He took his right hand and slowly eased it past her
  soaked pussy lips. That caused a moan of pleasure and another as he added a
  second finger. The moans continued when he put a third one in and began to
  pump them in and out. She was so wet that she easily accommodated the three
  fingers. She put her hand over her mouth as he took his other hand and began
  to massage her breasts, which heaved in pleasure. He toyed with her hard, erect
  nipples which sent her right over the edge. She came again, this time stifling
  the cry with her hand.  
He removed his fingers with an audible plop and put them in her mouth. She
  tasted the mixture of his cum and her juices on them as she cleaned him off
  completely.  
They laid in each other's arms for a while, talking. She told him about Tommy
  but also expressed a desire to continue this. He agreed and they parted, he
  to his class and she to the shower to get the remnants of their coupling from
  her body. Unlike Bill, she had nothing to put on over her sex and knew that
  she was sticky with his cum and her juices. Some was leaking out even as she
  walked down the hall and outside to the showers.  
This shower was much more public than the morning's had been. She was showering
  in the middle of the day and many people wandered by. She had her choice of
  showerheads and took one furthest away from the walk. She knew she should get
  used to the stares but wanted to feel some sense of privacy and this head provided
  that.  
She lathered up her hair, which had gotten way sweaty during her sex with
  Bill. Then she soaped up her body but realized she had to scrub her pussy to
  get the spunk out. She realized that she had gotten the attention of several
  men in the room next to the shower and some guys and girls had stopped on the
  path to watch. Amanda knew she had no choice and lathered up her hand before
  rubbing her pussy. She moaned at the touch and writhed, causing cheers from
  the walk. She kept at it, trying to get the soap inside and get the sperm/vaginal
  juice mixture out.  
It came out of nowhere but suddenly her body stiffened and she froze, her
  mouth open. The orgasm racked her unlike any she had ever experienced. It was
  her third in the last hour and it was intense. She had trouble standing as
  the pleasure overwhelmed her and she grabbed the wall for support.  
Finally it passed and she shook, her legs were like jelly. How the hell am
  I going to survive this school if all I do is cum, she wondered. After drying
  herself with the mini towels provided, Amanda took the body wash and sprayed
  herself with it, enjoying the smell and trying to cover the scent of her arousal.  
Walking past the crowd of boys who watched the whole show, she smiled and
  blew them a kiss. They clapped as she passed and then dispersed. All in all,
  it's great to be female, she thought, running into Hefner Hall.  
CHAPTER 15-Kacy Visits  
The first few weeks progressed and Amanda estimated that she had presented
  to nearly every boy on campus. Word had spread of her "perfect pussy lips" and
  she had become one of the main freshman attractions. She had also relieved
  several boys, but only had sex with Bill. They were doing it daily, sometimes
  as often as twice a day! And of course, there was always girl relief, which
  was nice, but nothing like having a penis in your mouth or vagina. Nevertheless,
  she and Jackie slept together most nights and frequently engaged in oral activities.
  Several times, one of them had fallen asleep with their heads buried between
  the other's legs under the covers.  
It was the third weekend of school and Amanda was waiting by the front gate
  for her sister's arrival. She was a bit worried as she could be glimpsed by
  anyone driving by but most of the people in town were so used to Blanke Schande
  girls that they barely gave them a second look.  
Amanda was happy when she saw her sister's red bug coming down the road and
  waved. The car pulled over and she got in. As she turned to give her sister
  a hug she gasped. Kacy was completely nude.  
"Oh My God, what the hell is going on," she asked. She gave her sister a
  huge bear hug, feeling naked flesh against hers. "You are fucking gorgeous.
  Tired of me showing you up huh?"  
"Quiet down little sister, I was having sex and showing off my boobs before
  you had them," she joked. "No, it's just that, I remember feeling out of place
  wearing clothes here the last two times I was here. So I figured I would join
  in. I want to do everything a student here does."  
Amanda smiled. She wondered what her sister would do when asked to present
  or provide relief. But she put that aside and enjoyed her sister's company.  
Kacy was shaking in anticipation. She was nervous, having not been naked
  in front of anyone but a lover in some time. Even her one experience had been
  brief and she had been extremely drunk.  
But she felt she had to do this, for herself and to show support for her
  sister. She also felt the need to show off her body and was just a bit jealous
  of Amanda and her new found freedom.  
Kacy had also felt very out-of-place during the tour and on move-in day.
  All of the other young girls had been nude and she was wearing clothes. She
  had also felt judged those days by the nude girls, like they were better than
  her because they had chosen a life without clothes while she was still burdened
  with pants and blouses and bras and panties.  
She had pulled over in an empty parking lot just before making the turn towards
  campus and stripped completely. She wanted to have nothing on from the moment
  she drove onto the campus, in solidarity with her sister.  
The smooth seat felt soft under her bare ass and thighs. The pedal and brake
  felt so different. She had driven barefoot before but never naked. Her bare
  breasts nearly touched the steering wheel and the seat belt went neatly between
  them. She felt like everyone walking or driving by could see her nudity.  
Finally the two parked in front of Hefner Hall. "Do you want to leave your
  clothes here in the car or bring them with you," Amanda asked. Although it
  was an innocent question, Kacy thought it was like a dare.  
"Do you have clothes with you," she asked. When Amanda shook her head Kacy
  said, "Then neither will I."  
Amanda smiled and said, "you are going to have such a good time" and the
  two left the car. Kacy felt the cool late afternoon air as soon as she did,
  wrapping her arms around her chest.  
"You'll get used to it," Amanda said, putting her arm around her sister.
  The two walked down the path towards Hefner Hall. Kacy felt so exposed and
  felt the eyes of everyone sear into her. She wondered if all of the girls felt
  the eyes or if it was because she was new.  
"Hey Manda, who's the new girl," a boy asked from the bench. "She's hot as
  shit."  
"Watch it Manny, that's my big sister," Amanda said smiling.  
"WOW, what a family," he said waving. "Can't wait to meet your mom!"  
The two girls laughed and continued on. Kacy gasped when she saw four girls
  bent over and pulling their ass cheeks apart in front of three guys. "They're
  presenting," Amanda explained and she waved hello to the group.  
Finally they made it inside and up to Amanda's room. Again Kacy was shocked
  as Jackie was on her knees with a penis in her mouth. She waved to Amanda and
  Kacy but never stopped sucking.  
Amanda walked into the room but noticed her sister was rooted to the spot
  in the doorway. "Is this too weird for you," she asked quietly. "I can ask
  them to leave."  
Kacy shook her head and went to sit on the bed, her back to the couple engaged
  in oral sex. Finally she heard the man moan Jackie swallow. She couldn't help
  but turn around and watch as the man climaxed. It was a scene she had never
  witnessed in person before except as a participant.  
"Thanks Jackie, you are the best at giving relief, no offense Amanda," the
  man said as he zipped up.  
"No offense taken Robbie," she said. "By the way, this is my sister Kacy.
  Kacy this is Robbie and Jackie, my roommate."  
Uncomfortably, Kacy put her hand out. She wasn't sure if she wanted to touch
  the hand of a girl that had just performed oral but Jackie accepted it anyway
  and said a warm hello. The boy did too, eyeing her nudity up and down before
  leaving.  
"Oh God, does that happen all the time," she asked her sister.  
"Well, yes and no," Amanda answered. "We get asked a lot and never say no,
  but it's at moments when there isn't a lot going on anyway. When we have to
  study or write a paper or do something important, the boys notice and don't
  ask."  
"Plus, Robbie's special," Jackie said. "He has a thing for my mouth. I am
  the only girl he ever asks for relief. He says he likes my technique."  
Kacy absorbed that information for a moment. "So, are you dating?"  
Jackie made a gagging sound. "Robbie? No fucking way. He's not my type, but
  I do love sucking on that penis of his. And his spunk tastes the best of any
  I've ever had."  
Kacy looked appalled but said nothing. Amanda saw that her older sister was
  uncomfortable and moved the conversation into a different direction. Kacy filled
  her in on the happenings back home. Amanda had not returned there since she
  came to BSC and didn't plan on going home until Thanksgiving. While she missed
  her mom and dad and Kacy, she didn't like the thought of going home where people
  wore clothes and might expect her to do the same. She was still undecided about
  the absolute lifestyle but was leaning that way.  
"Why don't we go and grab some dinner," Amanda said. Jackie went out to ask
  Jennifer and Maureen if they wanted to join them while Amanda went to the mirror
  and put on some lipstick and brush her hair.  
"Why are you doing that," Kacy asked.  
"I want to look nice," Amanda said. "Why do you usually brush your hair and
  put on makeup?"  
"To look nice, but I guess I figured that you being naked and all, well,
  that you didn't care about those things now," Kacy said, not knowing how to
  say the right thing. "You know, you don't get to wear pretty clothes anymore
  or shoes. I figured you were just going natural."  
The younger girl laughed. "I'm still a girl Kace, I still want to look pretty," she
  said. "It's just, I don't have to wear clothes to feel pretty, I can just feel
  pretty because I am."  
There was silence for a moment and Kacy wondered if she had offended her
  younger sister. But she realized that Amanda was just concentrating on her
  eye makeup. The girl turned and smiled, "Ready?"  
Kacy nodded and the two nude sisters left the room, meeting the other four
  girls in the hall. Kacy already knew Jennifer but was introduced to Maureen.
  The girl was strikingly beautiful, Kacy noticed, as every girl here seemed
  to be. For some reason, the tall girl looked even more naked than the others
  because her legs were so long and shapely.  
The four friends tried to include Kacy into the conversation but they were
  so close it was hard for an outsider to fit in. The older girl felt very self-conscious
  walking into the dining hall naked. Although she knew that was a silly feeling
  because what other way would a girl at Blanke Schande eat, she felt dirty,
  like she was doing something bad. She walked next to Amanda when she heard
  Jackie say a soft, "Oh shit." She looked up to see the girl's eyes wide and
  staring a pack of six boys who were heading towards them.  
"Alright girls, just do what Dirk says and he'll move on," Amanda said.  
Kacy started to say something but Amanda whispered "not now" and she shut
  up.  
"Hello ladies, how's Amanda's pretty pussy today," one of the boys said,
  leering at the nude girls. Kacy sensed right away that this was different than
  with the other boys. There was no respect in his look or attitude and his friends
  seemed to back him up.  
"It's fine Dirk, can we eat our dinner please," Amanda said, trying to act
  tough but her voice cracked.  
"Sure, you can have dinner, but my boys here need relief," he said. The girls
  groaned, knowing what was coming next but followed the boys out of the food
  area and into the main dining room.  
"I want you to present pussies girls, let's go," Dirk said. The four BSC
  coeds did as commanded, sitting on the table and spreading their legs. The
  boys were so intent on the four spread pussies that they didn't notice that
  Kacy didn't join in.  
After a minute or so, they were allowed to close their legs.  
"Now, relief time," Dirk said. "Turn around and bend over, that's it, smash
  those tits into the table. We are going to get relief in your asses."  
There was a groan from the girls as their bare breasts made contact with
  the cold, plastic table and from the nastiness of Dirk's comments. Most boys
  allowed the girls to choose what hole gave relief and most girls picked their
  mouths because it was easier. Hardly ever was anal sex used for relief and
  usually only in the privacy of a bedroom. "What about you sweetheart," Dirk
  said, staring at Kacy while the girls got into position.  
"No, she's not involved in this," Amanda said, standing up straight. "She's
  my sister and not a student here. She doesn't have to obey you."  
Dirk gave an evil stare at Amanda. "But there are five dicks that need relief
  and only four assholes. How are we going to rectify that situation?"  
"I will use my mouth on someone, I'll take two at once," Amanda said, stammering
  to protect her sister. "You boys like that right?"  
Dirk eyed her and then Kacy. "No, I promised my guys an asshole and I'm sure
  no one wants sloppy seconds," he said. As he spoke, he began to grope Amanda's
  bare breasts.  
"Please, I'll do a great job," she said. "And I'm nearly an anal virgin.
  Nice and tight. Come on Dirk, be cool about this."  
"Ok, you want cool, I can be cool," the boys said, using both of his hands
  to maul her boobs. "You can save your sister but I want three cocks in you
  at once. Otherwise, no go."  
Amanda's eyes filled with tears at the thought of the violation. This had
  nothing to do with female empowerment and everything to do with a virtual rape.
  She glanced up and saw the entire dining hall was staring at them.  
"Fine, but I'm the only one that gets fucked tonight," she said, her whole
  body shaking. "All five of you only get to fuck me and my friends and sister
  get off free tonight. Deal asshole?"  
Dirk smirked at her but his right hand left its place on her boob and he
  grabbed his cell phone. "Charlie, yeah it's Dirk. You know that girl with the
  awesome pussy? Yeah, I think that's her name. Well, we need a sixth guy here
  in the dining hall. She's going to fuck three at a time. Yeah a gangbang. Perfect."  
The other girls tried to argue with Amanda and Dirk but neither would listen. "Girls,
  get out of here and take Kacy back to my room," she said, her eyes never leaving
  Dirk's. "I'll meet you back there."  
The girls tried to hang back but Jennifer knew the determination in Amanda's
  eyes and that arguing with her was a lost cause. Kacy was stunned by the behavior
  she saw but followed the girls out of the dining hall, knowing that Jennifer
  was right.  
The four girls waited anxiously in Amanda's room and no one said a word.
  Nearly 90 minutes later, a bedraggled Amanda exhausted entered the room. She
  was dry, sticky cum all over her body and her hair was a mess with smeared
  makeup on her cheeks and eyes. Her breasts had biting red marks all over them
  as if they had been prodded and pinched. Her bare pussy was flaming red as
  were her ass cheeks.  
"Oh God Amanda," Jackie said, running to her roommate's side. "Those fuckers,
  what did they do to you?"  
Amanda began to cry as she allowed Jackie to ease her onto the bed. She kept
  rotating her jaw around, trying to work out the kinks. "They made me do the
  three of them four times, each of them twice. They kept switching holes and
  fucked me for the whole time. We just got done. Man, Dirk's rough, he fucked
  my ass so hard I felt like it would come out my mouth."  
The other girls winced and Jennifer took some wash cloths to wet them and
  clean her up. "I need a shower," Amanda said, "but I'm too beat to go."  
The three friends grabbed a wet washcloth while Amanda laid on the bed and
  spread her legs. She moaned in pain when Jackie dabbed at her tender and red
  pussy but the girl was gentle. Jennifer tenderly washed her face free of sweat
  and cum and Maureen handled her breasts, feet and legs. After 10 minutes of
  cleaning, she turned over and they did her backside, ass, legs, etc.  
"That felt nice girls, thanks," she said. "Just what I needed to forget those
  monsters."  
The whole time Kacy just stood there in shock. Her little sister had just
  been raped and everyone, including Amanda, seemed okay with it.  
Suddenly, Kristie came into the room, just as the girls had finished but
  while Amanda was still on all fours. "I just heard sweetheart, I'm sorry it
  happened to you like that," she said. "But all accounts are you were awesome
  and strong. Way to go girl."  
"Way to go," Kacy screamed in anger. "Those assholes just gang raped my little
  sister and you say way to go! What kind of RA are you? Call the police and
  get those fuckers."  
Kristie turned and saw Kacy for the first time. She looked back at Amanda
  who shook her head. "Kristie, this is my sister Kacy. She's not quite used
  to life at Blanke Schande yet."  
"And she never will be, thank you very much," Kacy said. "This place is nothing
  but a place for girls to be humiliated and used. I thought it would be liberating
  and sexual but what happened in that dining hall was neither. It was sick and
  criminal."  
The other girls stood there, not knowing what to say. Amanda winced as she
  got to her feet and walked over to Kacy. The two nude sisters hugged tightly
  as Kacy sobbed. "I wanted to stop them but I just couldn't do it," she said
  between cries. "I just left you there to be raped."  
"I wasn't raped Kace, I chose that course," she said. "I used my sex to show
  him that I wasn't afraid of him. I won the mental war. He got his rocks off
  in me but I won the battle. I learned that I don't have to be afraid of bullies.
  There are worse things that being physically raped and that's letting them
  take your soul and your emotions. Dirk will never get that from me because
  I stood up to him."  
"Plus, Dirk's not the norm here," Kristie said. "Most of the boys are awesome
  and respectful of the girls here, even without our clothes. You only see abusers
  like Dirk once in a while and he is going to be expelled for his attitude before
  too long."  
Kacy pulled away and looked her sister up and down. "You are amazing," she
  said. "If that had happened to me, I would be in a mental institution by now.
  Here you are, consoling me and the only reason it happened was because you
  were defending me. You have changed Manda, for the better."  
The two girls exchanged another hug, and Kacy felt a spark of sexual energy.  
"Hey, can one of you girls order a couple of pizzas while I shower," Amanda
  said. "I never got dinner and I am starving."  
"I'll do it, if you guys don't mind me barging in," Kristie said. "I need
  some girl power tonight. Tired of hanging out with boys."  
"yeah, me too and hanging between them too," Amanda said, causing the other
  girls to laugh. She headed out of the room to go and shower outside before
  dinner.  
CHAPTER 16-Kacy Learns the Pleasures of BSC  
The six nude girls were munching on the pizzas, which were heavily discounted
  after Kristie bribed the delivery boy with a blowjob. She had gotten pepperoni,
  Amanda's favorite, and a plain.  
The girls were telling Kacy about their sexual histories before Blanke Schande
  and after. The sexual heat in the room was getting heavier and heavier. Kacy
  felt her pussy getting wet and she nearly exploded when Jackie talked about
  how the girls give each other relief.  
"Every night," she asked with wonder, her mouth full of crust. Jackie nodded
  and exchanged knowing glances with Amanda.  
"Most nights, Jackie sleeps in my bed," she said shyly. Despite the fact
  that her sister obviously knew she was sexually active, she was a bit embarrassed
  to admit she had oral sex with another girl.  
Kacy kept shaking her head. "This place in unbelievable."  
For the rest of the night, the older girl was filled with sexual energy.
  The group watched some DVDs and chatted. At around 11, there was a knock on
  the wall outside the entrance to the girl's room. It was a formality because
  there were no doors since there was no privacy.  
"Can I come in," a voice that Amanda immediately recognized as Bill's called
  in. "Is everyone indecent?"  
The other girls laughed but Amanda sat up straight and stiff. She hadn't
  told Kacy about her relationship with Bill, especially since she was still
  technically dating Tom. Bill entered the room and leaned over to kiss his girlfriend
  on the lips. He was surprised at her lukewarm response. Normally she was very
  engaged in it, locking onto his and sometimes slipping her tongue between his
  lips.  
"What's wrong," he asked. Amanda tilted her head towards Kacy.  
"Bill, this is my sister Kacy," she said, trying to mentally tell her boyfriend
  to play it cool. He knew about Tommy but didn't know that no one in her family
  knew about him.  
"Hi Kacy, nice to meet you, I'm Bill."  
The two exchanged handshakes while Bill's eyes stealthy tried to take in
  the nude girl in front of him. The resemblance to Amanda was clear but not
  overwhelming. It was no surprise that they were sisters but there were very
  obvious differences.  
"Bill, can you wait here with the other girls while I talk to Kacy for a
  minute," she asked sweetly. The boy nodded and as she led Kacy out of the room,
  Jackie said, "we'll make him VERY comfortable."  
Amanda pulled Kacy by the hand until they reached the lounge. It was empty
  on this Friday night.  
"I need to tell you about me and Bill," the girl began.  
"What, is he a regular suck for you like that other boy is for Jackie," Kacy
  asked laughing.  
"Well, yes, but not like Jackie's boy," she said. "Bill and I are together,
  as in boyfriend/girlfriend. He took my anal virginity and we have been dating
  since the first day of school."  
Kacy was surprised. "What about Tommy," she said. "How could you do this
  to him?"  
Amanda shook her head. "No, I am not going to feel bad about this Kacy. What
  Bill and I have is special and great and meant to be," she said. "Bill accepts
  me, the real me, without barriers. Tommy barely knows me. The four weeks with
  Bill have been the best four weeks of my life. He knows more about me than
  Tommy ever could."  
"Yeah, like how your ass feels from the inside and what your pussy looks
  like in the sunlight," Kacy said, sounding like a fresh little girl. "You throw
  away what you and Tommy have for a fling with a boy you barely know?"  
"And you judge him, simply because I met him while I was naked," Amanda said,
  her anger rising. "He is the sweetest, most compassionate man I have ever met
  and he loves me completely and totally. I'm sorry you can't be happy for me
  but I won't hide my love for him because you are here. I thought about it,
  but one thing that Blanke Schande has taught me is to be myself in all situations."  
Kacy tried to interrupt her but the younger girl was on a roll. "Thousands
  of high school couples break up when they go to different colleges," she said,
  her face getting red with anger. "Why do you assume that this is wrong simply
  because I am naked? Maybe he knows the real me without the barriers of clothes
  or walls?"  
She turned on her bare feet and started out. "Wait, wait," Kacy called after
  her. When Amanda turned around, Kacy could see the anger and hurt on her face. "I
  am happy for you, give me a minute to figure everything out okay."  
Amanda's anger melted away and she ran at her older sister and hugged her. "Thanks
  Kacy, wait until you get to know him. You'll like him."  
The two walked out of the lounge hand in hand. Kacy was surprised at her
  sister's determination. This was certainly a new trait and a very nice by-product
  of her time at BSC. When they entered the room, Amanda went right up to Bill
  and straddled his lap, her bare pussy directly over his cock which was sticking
  up into his jeans. "Now, how about that kiss again," she said in a sexy voice.
  The two mouths joined passionately and Amanda held Bill's head in her hands.  
Finally, Kacy cleared her throat. "People here, hello."  
The couple broke their kiss and laughed as did the other girls. "Um, sorry,
  it's just I haven't seen Bill all day," Amanda said. "I missed him."  
"And judging from his jeans, he missed you as well," Jackie said, staring
  right at his crotch with a huge tent inside. Amanda looked at it and then up
  at Bill and licked her lips.  
"Kacy, would you, uh, mind if I spent the night at Bill's," she asked, looking
  directly at her sister. "If you are uncomfortable staying here without me,
  I understand, it's just that his roommate is away for the weekend and, well,
  you know."  
Kacy understood what her sister was asking. She wanted to be allowed to go
  and fuck Bill's brains out. She smiled and looked at Jackie who was nodding. "That's
  fine, choose a good fuck with your boyfriend than quality time with your sister," she
  said, pretending to be angry.  
"KACY!," Amanda said, her face in mock shock at her sister's words. "It's
  not like th--."  
"Forget about it, my feelings are hurt now, no going back," Kacy said, but
  her face was giving away her smile. "Go ahead, fuck your boyfriend silly. I
  will stay here to be consoled by Jackie and the girls."  
That brought laughter all around, including an "Oh yeah," from Jackie. Amanda
  gave her sister a big hug and took Bill out of the room by the hand. The five
  remaining girls stayed together for a little while but Maureen and Jennifer
  left shortly to go to bed. Kristie announced that she had duty at midnight
  and needed to be in her room, leaving Jackie and Kacy alone.  
The freshman showed Kacy the bathroom and the girl was mortified again at
  seeing another girl on the toilet, pee streaming into the bowl. The girl gave
  a nod to Kacy, who, despite her embarrassment, sat down on a toilet next to
  her. She also let loose a stream of pee into the bowl, her face turning scarlet
  at the loud sound it seemed to make. She wiped the remnant from her slit and
  went to brush her teeth.  
When she got back in the room, Jackie had turned the lights out but was sitting
  on the edge of her bed.  
"Well, good night," Kacy said. Jackie cleared her throat.  
"Um, Kacy, I hate to ask this, I feel like a baby or something," she began. "But,
  Amanda and I have been sleeping together every night since I got here, or I
  have been with a guy. I kind of need that closeness to sleep. Would you mind
  if I slept in bed with you? We wouldn't have to do anything but sleep if you
  don't want to."  
Kacy thought this might be coming and had secretly wanted it. Her pussy was
  warm and tingling from all of the excitement of the night and just the feeling
  of being naked for so long. She desired the company of Jackie and the sexual
  fulfillment that would hopefully come with it.  
She had never licked another girl's pussy but thought she might be willing
  to give it a try. It would only be fair.  
"Sure Jackie, I would like that," she said, climbing onto Amanda's bed and
  snuggling under the covers. She felt Jackie slide in next to her, the teen's
  smooth skin rubbing against her own and moaned. "Please Jackie, I need to cum," she
  whispered. With that, the girl's hand slid down her belly and went to the area
  between her legs, which was dripping wet and hot. At the first slight touch
  Kacy's body stiffened and she tried to stifle a moan.  
"Don't hold back," Jackie whispered directly in her ear. "Everyone here is
  used to the joyful sounds of orgasm."  
As she spoke, Jackie rolled Kacy onto her back and began to massage the girl's
  breasts with her right hand while her left teased the dripping pussy. Kacy
  raised her hips to try and make harder contact but Jackie kept pulling away,
  taking Kacy on a long, drawn-out road to orgasm. The moans were no longer able
  to be contained when Jackie lowered her head below the covers and placed her
  mouth directly on the girl's pussy.  
"YI-AAHHH!! OH FUCK," Kacy screamed, not caring who heard. She knew that
  Jackie was right but was really past being able to do anything about it anyway.
  OH, OH GOD, OH!! She kept bucking, rubbing her pussy on the mouth, nose and
  chin of Jackie who was struggling to keep her face in contact with the writhing
  pussy. The covers had been thrown and anyone walking in would have a vision
  of the older girl totally spread eagle, thrusting her middle section up and
  down on the bed while the younger girl was curled up on her knees, trying to
  stay attached.  
Kacy grabbed Jackie by the hair and smashed the girl's face into her pussy
  while screaming out in total and complete orgasm. Her body was shaking in pleasure
  and need. Finally she screamed out in completion and fell back onto the pillow.  
Jackie was exhausted from the act but was also feeling the glow after giving
  Kacy an intense orgasm. The girls at BSC had learned that it is often as good
  to give as receive. She was perfectly ready to climb up and just snuggle off
  to sleep next to the mass of girl smell and sweat lying next to her but when
  she got there, Kacy rolled over.  
"Let me take care of you," she said groggily.  
"No, it's okay," Jackie said. "You are too tired."  
Kacy rolled over further, letting her hand grip the other girl's breast.
  Jackie gasped at the touch, a combination of rough and sensual.  
"Please, let me repay you," Kacy said and she moved down to begin the licking
  process. Jackie was ready too after living through Kacy's orgasm. Although
  Kacy was inexperienced, she was a girl and knew exactly where to touch and
  the right firmness to it. She attacked the spread girl's clit like a hungry
  woman looking for food. She teased and flicked it with her tongue causing groans
  of frustration and pleasure from Jackie.  
Kacy took her fingers and spread the swollen lips and gently slid her fingers
  along the sensitive inner lips. This was a move than men frequently missed
  and drove Jackie crazy with pleasure. Just then Kacy leaned over and slid her
  tongue in. Jackie screamed out "YES!" and her hips raised off the bed. Kacy
  kept up the attack on Jackie's inner lips and played with the girl's clit with
  her fingers. It wasn't long before Jackie's whole body stiffened and quivered
  and she came in waves.  
The two girls laid there for a few minutes, Kacy resting her head on the
  now sated but still damp and pulsing pussy. She absently played with the sparse
  pubic hair the girl had there as she closed her eyes and enjoyed feeling so
  complete. After a while, Jackie pulled Kacy up and the two girls kissed passionately
  before falling off into a deep, restful sleep intertwined.  
Amanda and Bill came in the next morning while the girls were still asleep.
  They were a bit surprised to find the two nude bodies next to each other but
  it was far from out of the ordinary on this campus. What shocked Amanda was
  the sight of her sister's hand cupping Jackie's breast as she hooked her arm
  around her.  
The rest of the weekend was a blur of sex, fun and parties. Amanda showed
  Kacy a bit of her world and Kacy let herself experience it all. Finally late
  Sunday morning, the two sisters walked to the car.  
"Manda, I am so glad I got up here this weekend, this place is awesome," Kacy
  said. "I know what it must be like to be here all of the time and really experience
  it. Maybe I will apply here and finally get that degree someday."  
Amanda grinned, glad to hear her sister was going to get her degree finally
  and to also have converted her to the BSC way. "I am glad you like it here," she
  said. "You certainly made an impression on Jackie."  
Now it was Kacy's turn to grin. She and Jackie had become quite an item and
  they had performed oral on each other three more times. Last night, Kacy had
  slept with her mouth inches from the girl's wide-open pussy after licking her
  to three orgasms.  
"Yeah, she's awesome," Kacy said. "I still like guys but I have never gotten
  that much from sex before."  
They made it to the girl's car. Amanda saw her sister's clothes bunched in
  the backseat. "Kace, I am really proud of you for being naked all weekend," she
  said. "I am sure it couldn't have been easy."  
"It was the right decision and I am glad I did it," Kacy said, "though I
  never thought I would make it. And please don't tell Mom and Dad. They would
  flip out if both of us went over to the dark side!"  
The girls laughed. Kacy reached in and grabbed her blouse and pulled it over
  her head. Her breasts screamed at being closed in after the freedom of the
  last two days. She put her jeans on the passenger seat with her sneaks, bra
  and panties.  
"I think I will stay like this for a while," she said with a mischievous
  smile. "That way I won't get arrested but can still be mostly naked."  
The sisters embraced and Kacy got into the car and drove off, leaving her
  sister in tears of sadness and happiness. Sadness that her sister and best
  friend was gone but happiness of the memories of the weekend.  
She turned and walked back. She smiled again as Bill walked up the path towards
  her. "Hello stranger, how did you know I needed a friend," she said.  
"Just lucky I guess," he said. The two locked in a passionate kiss and embrace
  and the boy scooped his naked girlfriend into his arms and carried her into
  the dorm and up to her room where they enjoyed some alone time.  
Yes, Amanda thought, I am the happiest girl on Earth and then she screamed
  out in pleasure as Bill's thick cock pushed into her pussy and filled her once
  again.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  katie lynch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





