BDSM Library - CyberPartners




CyberPartners
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two agents involve in more then just a professional relationship...via the net.CYBERPARTNERS   
BY M.M.   
The weather was a real bitch; I had plans to
    go out today and spend all day outside of these walls, but the rain just
    wouldn't stop. Wind was pretty strong, too, filling my apartment with scent
    of soggy soil. TV? No, not tonight, I spend too much time in front of it
    anyway. So, I decided to surf a little; the net is always an interesting
    place. After checking some interesting and some dull sites I ran my browser
    to a chat command; I wanted to find a new chat room; one I haven't visited
    yet. And, of course, this resulted with thousands of different items; I should
    have been more specific. Anyway, one address got my attention: www.femdomshoes.com. 
I expected to find some dull ladies chat about
    shoes from Armani or some other famous designer, and how they gave a fortune
    for some sandals and bla, bla&hellip;but as I clicked something else came
    up; chat server with titles like "BOOTLOVERS", "SOCKS AND PANTYHOSE", "FEET
    AND TOES","DOMINATION ", "TRAMPLING", "CBT", etc&hellip;Oho, I knew what
    this was; some kind of kinky site. I decided to log in and check out what's
    inside, 'it may be interesting' I thought. So I entered my nick as "guest" and
    clicked on domination room. It took few seconds to log onto it and once I
    was inside a list of some really weird nicks came up: "slave4u", "stomp-me", "wormee", "tramplee", "Amazon
    bitch", "Raven", few nicks with Mistress in them and few with Master. There
    were some usual names like Bob and Sandra and a few more. I thought: 'I got
    to check this out; I'll just sit there and watch'. And out of pure politeness
    I greeted them with a Hello, but no one seemed to be interested in replying.
    The page was idle for a long time; I supposed that these people are either
    really shy or just waiting for known partners in chat. I wondered how and
    what they chat about   
But I figured if it gets in action they'd probably
    go private. Suddenly, after a few minutes, a picture popped out of nowhere
    and was uploaded by someone nicked "shrinky". Now, that picture was really
    something; the view wasn't bad, but "shrinky" was really looking for trouble.
    And then, few comments came up like: "nice pic&hellip;" or "love that scale" and
    a few more. So, "shrinky" found some more pics and everyone was thrilled.
    After a while, "shrinky" stopped his work and, despite, of other calling
    for more pics, he didn't reply, so someone concluded that shrinky was probably
    gone private with someone. And, everything went still again; I waited for
    some ten minutes or so and was just about to leave when a private message
    came in from someone nicked "Morthina".   
Hello! she said and I replied, 'Hello'. 'So,
    what are you looking for in here' she asked. I wasn't really looking for
    anything so I didn't know how to reply, but I figured it was best to be honest.
    'I am not looking for anything' I said; 'I came in by coincidence'. She was
    idle for some time and then, 'oh really&hellip;that's why you're here for
    an hour already'. An hour? I never realized so much time went by. 'No&hellip;really,
    it's my first time in here; I'm still not sure what's this all about' and
    before she replied I continued, 'I thought that this was some kind of shoes
    chat, but I see it's not; I was just curious to see what's going on in here'.   
'I don't think I believe you' she said, 'I
    think you're just shy'. Now that was stupid so I said, 'Why would I be shy;
    we are on the net, remember. I am not shy, I'm telling you, this is my first
    time here and I don't see a reason to lie, do you?' I decided to make it
    a little more interesting so I said; 'Maybe you could educate me about what
    this is all about, ha?' I waited for her reply for some time; she was probably
    figuring weather to believe me or not. 'I don't know' she said, 'if you're
    a virgin you may not like it and I am not really a patient person.'   
'A virgin? I am not a virgin, what gave you
    that idea?' 'Well, you are in here for the first time, aren't you; so, you're
    a virgin.' 'Yeah&hellip;well, look, I am not that ignorant; I know what this
    is about basically, it's just that I've never had a chat like that before.
    I saw those pics before, too.' She was idle again for a few moments; I supposed
    that she was dwelling weather to lose her time on me or to just ignore me
    and find someone handier to whatever these people were doing here.   
But after a while she asked, 'did you like
    those pictures that guy uploaded earlier?' I wasn't really thinking anything
    about them then so I said, 'well&hellip; I cannot say that I like them or
    dislike them. Anyway, what about your nick? Is that your name or what?' 'No,
    of course not, it's just a nick I invented&hellip;and speaking of nick, I
    think you should exit the room and change your nick; there are too many "guests" in
    here already.' 'Ok' I said, 'It's just that I can't think of any appropriate
    nick for me; looking all these nicks in here it would be stupid to put just
    my name or something' 'Ok&hellip;maybe I could help you with that&hellip;'
    now, I couldn't wait for which nick she'd come up with. It took her at least
    5 minutes, maybe more, and finally she said, 'how about "newbie"?' It was
    kind of appropriate, considering I was new in here. 'Ok then' I said and
    clicked myself out just to reenter with a new nick.   
'Ok, I am back! So&hellip;what now?' 'Well&hellip;let's
    just chat for a while' she began, 'then, we'll see; I want to exchange some
    info with you.' 'Ok, shoot!' And we began our session.   
Morthina:  do
      you know how to post pictures in here? If not, I'll explain it to you;
      it's nice to have pictures while chatting.   
Newbie:  ok,
      so tell me how.   
She explained me how to
    do so and I wrote it down.   
Morthina:  tell
      me&hellip;how is your sex life?   
Newbie:  well,
      aren't we direct or what!   
Morthina:  what
      did you expect, ha? You're not on some teenage date here.   
Newbie:  ok,
      ok&hellip;my sex life is ok, I think&hellip;you know, just average I suppose.   
Morthina:  Ts,
      Ts&hellip;sound dull. You have any secret fantasies? And don't lie to me;
      I'll know if you're lying and I'll just split.   
Newbie:  ok,
      I had no intention to lie; I have some fantasies, everybody does. I always
      wanted to end up in bed with two women.   
Morthina:  That's
      a start. Had any fantasies about older women when you were young?   
Newbie:  yes,
      I suppose I did have some. But, maybe I am still young, what do you know?   
Morthina:  I
      don't and it's not very relevant. So, tell me about it.   
Newbie:  well&hellip;I
      always dreamt of one of my mother's friends; she was much older then me,
      but very hot. I fantasized being with her in all kind of nasty situations,
      but, of course, it never happened.   
Morthina  :
      Hmm&hellip;ok, do you maybe have a pic of you inside that computer?   
Newbie:  no,
      I am afraid not. Do you?   
Morthina:  yes,
      but since you don't have one, I am afraid I cannot post mine, then.   
Newbie:  ok,
      never mind. Maybe you could tell me about your sex life and your fantasies.   
Morthina:  Yeah&hellip;well,
      my sex life is not so good either; you see, things that get to me is hard
      to find, I find them mostly in here, but it's not much.   
Newbie:  ok&hellip;and
      which are those? I mean your fantasies and all?   
Morthina:  I
      am not sure that you'll like this, it's not really just an ordinary sexual
      fantasy; still want me to continue?   
Newbie:  sure&hellip;I
      can always disconnect if I want to.   
Morthina:  ok
      then, I like to dominate men; I like them totally submissive at all time.
      Want more?   
Newbie:  yeah,
      go on.   
Morthina:  I
      like to be in charge, totally in control&hellip;sometimes, I am a little
      sadistic to them, too.   
We were both idle for a
    while; I didn't know how to react and she waited for my move.   
Morthina:   now
      I scared you, didn't I?   
Newbie:   no,
      not really&hellip;it's just that I don't know what to say or think&hellip;   
Morthina:  still
      want to continue this?   
I was curious, but I figure
    she knew that already  .   
Newbie:   yeah,
      why not, go on.   
Morthina:   ok&hellip;so,
      tell me how do you see me now; better yet, post me a pic of how do you
      imagine me and I'll do the same for you.   
Newbie:  hmm&hellip;ok,
      but I need time to find one on the net.   
Morthina:  that's
      fine, go look for it&hellip;   
It took me a while to find
    one, let's say appropriate picture, as I never did it before. Finally I found
    one that would match the description so I uploaded it as she instructed me.   
Newbie:  here
      it comes&hellip;   
Morthina:  good
      boy, you hit the spot from the first   
Newbie:  I
      am glad you like it.   
Morthina:  ok,
      now is my turn. Ready?   
Morthina:  tell
      me something, how does it feel when you imagine your self, kneeling helpless
      in front of a powerful woman. What kind of feeling do you get? Are you
      aroused, or maybe afraid?   
Newbie:  I
      am not sure&hellip;I mean, it does arouse me a bit but I don't think I
      would want this to happen in real life.   
Morthina:  well&hellip;I
      think we're getting somewhere now.   
Newbie:  ok&hellip;so,
      why don't you tell me, what would you want to do to me? Or what would you
      want me to do?   
Morthina:  well,
      it's not that simple; I cannot just list it like that. For that we should
      play a game.   
Newbie:  ok,
      let's play. But first I need to know how; I don't know what to do, really.   
Morthina:  it's
      easy&hellip;I'll describe what I am imagining and you'll just imagine the
      same and reply what you feel.   
Newbie:  ok&hellip;so,
      let's try&hellip;   
Morthina:  well,
      let's imagine that we just met&hellip;in some bar or something. We don't
      know anything about each other, yet&hellip;only that we both are looking
      for some action.   
Now, I am a redhead; long strait red hair
      and I am 6'2" high; green eyes; 178 lbs&hellip;can you imagine me now?   
Newbie:  yes,
      I can, you are a big lady. Are you handsome, too?   
Morthina:  yes,
      very handsome&hellip;   
Newbie:  ok
      then, now me. I have brown hair, short, I am 6'2" tall and I weight 183
      lbs. I am in good shape, too, working out, you know.   
Morthina:  yes,
      that's really nice&hellip;it's just that I don't really see you that way.   
Newbie:  no?
      Well, what do you mean? I mean&hellip;how do you see me then?   
Morthina:  well,
      everything is fine except&hellip;I see you as a 5'2" and weighing some
      163 lbs.   
Newbie:   you
      want a dwarf??   
Morthina:  hmm&hellip;not
      a dwarf, but I like tiny men  .   
Newbie:  ok,
      lady&hellip;whatever you say.   
Morthina  :
      that's more like it. Ok&hellip;so, would you like to go somewhere else?    
Newbie:  somewhere
      else? What do you mean?   
Morthina:  we
      are in the bar, remember!   
Newbie:  oh,
      yes&hellip;yeah, sure, let's go!   
Morthina:  I
      have a great place of mine; it's on 6  th  ,
      would you like to see it.   
Newbie:  you
      bet I would.   
Morthina:  ok,
      so we take your car and we are already there; now relax, make yourself
      comfy while I get some drinks for us.   
Newbie:  ok,
      I am on the couch  .   
Morthina:  I
      just brought us two glasses of wine; so we are sitting on the couch just
      talking. How do you like your wine?   
Newbie:  it's
      very nice; this place looks good, too.   
Morthina  :
      I am glad that you like your wine&hellip;but, it kind of makes you dizzy,
      you know, tired, like you could just crash down right now, doesn't it?   
Newbie:  oh,
      I see&hellip;ok, yeah, I feel really sleepy; like something was in my wine&hellip;   
Morthina:  that's
      right&hellip;just go to sleep, here, stretch your self on the couch.   
Newbie:  passed
      out.   
Morthina:  hmm&hellip;got
      you right where I want you.   (One
      hour passed)   
"WAKE UP!",  you
      hear my voice as you come out of sleep, still feeling dizzy. Once you're
      awake, you feel that your hands are tied behind your back; your feet are
      cuffed, too. There is something on your eyes, so you cannot see anything.   
Newbie:  I
      feel helpless and a little scared; I don't know what's going on.   
Morthina:  you
      feel a little cold; that's because you're completely naked. Now, I just
      came closer and removed that blindfold from  your
      eyes:   "DON'T LOOK AT ME!"  I
      raise my voice a bit.   
Newbie:  ok,
      I won't  &hellip;   
Morthina:  no,
      no&hellip;its 'ok, I won't, Mistress', from now on! Do you understand that?   
Newbie:  yes,
      ok&hellip;   
Morthina: "YES, OK&hellip;MISTRESS",  I
      yelled at you and pushed you on the floor with my right foot. Now, how
      do you feel?   
Newbie:  scared&hellip;Mistress.
      Are you gonna hurt me, mistress?   
Morthina:  I
      don't know yet, maybe&hellip;and don't ask too many questions, I don't
      like that! I am coming around the bed; you can hear my spikes taping on
      the floor. I am looking at you&hellip;ok, you can, now, look at me.   
Newbie:  I
      turn my head slowly and take a look at you standing above me.   
Morthina:  what
      do you see?   
Newbie:  well,
      I see a big lady in high heels, some black dress and&hellip;I don't know&hellip;   
Morthina:  You
      don't know, ha? Ok, I'll help you with a pic, here it comes&hellip;   
A really weird piece of
    artwork came up   
Morthina:  get
      the picture now? Ok, you're not that small, not yet&hellip;   
Newbie:  is
      that a whip you're holding, Mistress?   
Morthina:  yes,
      it is&hellip;and better don't make me use it&hellip;  (I
      just removed the cuffs from your ankles),   now,
      stand up! Come closer; I'll put this collar around your neck&hellip;   
Newbie:  yes
      mistress  .   
Morthina:  look
      around the room! (you can see that this is no ordinary room; I've got some
      shackles hanging on the wall, on the other side I have different toys and
      one closet; inside that I keep my wardrobe and my footwear; in the corner
      there is a special made wooden box with a seat on top of it. This is my
      playroom.   
Newbie:  yes
      Mistress, I can see all that, now  .   
Morthina:  Good.
      Now, the rules: since we are playing on the net first rule is this: if
      I am not happy hot things are going down I will just leave and quit playing,
      ok?   
Newbie:  understood.   
Morthina  :
      I do this solely for my own pleasures and if you will get any, too, it's
      completely up to you; I do only what I see fit.   
Newbie:  ok,
      Mistress   
Morthina:  get
      on your knees, now! That's good; you are a man, therefore a useless creature
      as you all are. I am going to use your body and mind for my own pleasure;
      I've seen different kind of worthless pricks like your self, some can perform
      better, some are completely useless. Are you following me?   
Newbie:  yes
      Mistress, I follow everything  .   
Morthina:  Your
      physical condition, at the end of the game, depends on how satisfied I
      am. More satisfied I am, better you will feel at the end.   
Newbie:  I
      understand completely, Mistress.   
Morthina:  And
      now, finally   &hellip;(I am pulling
      aside the curtain at the fourth end of the room),  this
      is one machine I also use in this  game   (you
      can see a strange looking device, 6'5" high and 2'5" wide with a door on
      it and some controls),  latter
      you shall find out all about it, but for now, it's called "The shrinker".   
Newbie:  yes
      Mistress, I see it&hellip;I never saw something like it before.   
Morthina:  I
      am sitting down on the chair; I stretch my left leg toward you; I want
      my boot licked clean so I can see my eyes color on them!   
Newbie:  I
      crawl closer to you and I begin to lick your left boot.   
Morthina:  I
      want that tongue to move slowly on the edge of my soles; very slowly go
      up and down my towering spiked heel&hellip;mmm, that's it, lick it slow
      and good. It gives me pleasure just seeing you so low and humble in front
      of my powerful self. That's just the place for your kind, don't you think
      so?   
I knew I had to say what
    she wanted to hear, otherwise she might have left and I wanted to find out
    more about all this.   
Newbie:  my
      tongue goes easily up and down your heel collecting all the dirt from it,
      and yes, I know my place now, Mistress.   
Morthina:  good,
      now repeat the process on the right boot, too, while I have a cigarette;
      and be careful, I am watching you, don't go slipping on me or I'll have
      to teach you a lesson, slave&hellip;yes, slave, that's much better nick
      for you. I am starting to get excited by all this&hellip;yes; it feels
      great to have you this way. But&hellip;I think that tongue of yours is
      not quite big enough for me, ts, ts&hellip;we'll have to do something about
      it. Ok, stop now, get your head on the floor and stick your tongue out,
      I want to see it.   
Newbie:  I
      stop licking and I get my head down on the floor; my tongue is stretched
      out fully as you commanded Mistress.   
Morthina:  just
      as I thought; not big enough. I am placing my right heel on your tongue,
      easily; I feel softness under it as I press to your flesh. Does it hurt?
      Never mind. Let's see what we can do now; I easily pull you up by the collar,
      maybe we can enlarge it this way, ha?   
Newbie  :
      gghhhh&hellip;it really hurts now, please Mistress, don't.   
Morthina:  DON'T?
      You piece of shit, who do you think you are to tell me what to do, ha?
      Now you've pissed me off; I am pulling harder.  Better
      watch what you're saying; I could just rip it out of your mouth.   
Newbie:  aahh&hellip;yes,
      Mistress, I &hellip;I understand.   
Morthina:  well,
      its too late now, you already deserved you first punishment; get up! Go
      over there to the machine, now! I am, now opening the door of the machine;
      get in!   
Newbie:  I
      am entering the strange machine; its dark, no lights; I feel a little afraid.   
Morthina:  SHUT
      UP! Get in so I can close the door. Ok, now&hellip;I will start the machine
      and you won't feel a thing; this will take only a few moments. Ok, the
      machine is running now (for 3 minutes exactly); I am opening the door;
      get out! Now, look at me! What do you see different?   
I knew what she was up
    to but I decided to play ignorant.   
Newbie:  sorry
      Mistress, but I really don't see any difference  .   
Morthina:  you
      don't, ha? I'll show you; I am pulling you by the collar to the mirror
      on the wall; look, look how small you are now; my machine shrunk you by
      a foot, you look like a real dwarf now.   
Newbie  :
      oh, no&hellip;why Mistress, why, I promise not to make you mad again, just
      don't do this any more, please&hellip;   
Morthina:  I
      hope not, I told you I like tiny men, but if you get too little then I'll
      have to dispose off you; I won't be having much use of you, then. But,
      don't worry, I can reverse the process, so if you are really good, maybe&hellip;   
Newbie:  oh
      yes, thank you Mistress, thank you, I'll be so good from now on.   
Morthina  :
      well, you'll have to convince me of that. Go up against that wall over
      there! I am now shackling your hands to the two bars coming out of the
      floor; get on your knees! I am tying up your collar to the crossbar above.
      I slowly move behind you; you can hear my footsteps but you cannot see
      me anymore. Ok slave, do you know what comes next?   
Newbie:  no,
      Mistress&hellip;please; I am afraid.   
Morthina:  you
      should be; I am going to whip you, now. Does this frighten you, slave?   
Newbie:  yes
      Mistress&hellip;it does, please, don't hurt me&hellip;   
Morthina:  I
      told you, you'll have to convince me somehow and as I like to inflict pain
      on men this is the best way to do so; endure your punishment for my pleasure.   
Newbie:  yes&hellip;but,
      what can I do this way&hellip;I mean, I cannot do anything for you&hellip;please&hellip;   
Morthina:  oh,
      but you can; you can scream for me, beg me to stop (I am coming closer
      to you, leaning towards you and whispering  );" you
      can bleed for me, I want to see you bleeding."   
Now, this was really something;
    I couldn't say if that woman wanted to scare me this way or she was serious
    as she would be in her real life. No wonder she had no sex life.   
Morthina  :
      I move away a few steps; "Ssssss"&hellip;you can hear my whip ripping the
      air as it flies toward your exposed back and 'SMACK!', it lands on your
      back, lashing it self from your shoulder to your waist; a red stripe appears
      on your skin.   
Newbie:  AAAAAHH!  I
      scream as your whip hits my back and brings touch of fire to it&hellip;'please
      Mistress, no more, I am begging you'   
Morthina:  'SMACK!'
      I feel shivers passing thru my senses as I land a second lash on your back;
      it gives me real pleasure to see you suffer, you worthless piece of shit!   
Newbie:  my
      eyes are filled with tears brought by this enormous pain and humiliation
      I have to withstand now; I feel that I have to endure it like a man to
      prove that I am not worthless.   
Morthina:  Ha,
      ha, ha&hellip;I don't think you can do that; you are what you are, period. "Ssswwissh",
      my whip goes again; "SMACK!", it lands again across your back more forcefully.
      I think I can see some blood coming out of your skin; good, that's what
      I wanted. Now, all this is making me breath harder; my excitement raises
      and my judgment is slowly fading; that is not good for you, slave, not
      good at all.    
Newbie:  my
      back aches with severe pain; I know now that my screams and my begging
      would never reach you as it brings you so much joy to torture me like this.
      I don't know if I'll be able to take this anymore&hellip;   
Morthina:  to
      me, it is completely irrelevant; take it or not I need to fulfill my needs   (I
      am coming closer to take a look at you).  Blood
      is dripping from those bruises, slowly&hellip;oh, are you going to faint,
      you fuck? My left hand reaches for your hair and I pull your head up forcefully, "Open
      your eyes, pig!", suddenly, as you glance at me, I swing my right hand
      and it collides with your chin, giving you a strong blow. "SBAAMM", one
      more blow hits your face and another one comes from my right knee up in
      your chin; your lips are bleeding now, too; you are loosing your consciences
      with the final blow to your face by my big fist.   
Newbie:  my
      vision is blurred and my mind fogged by the vicious beating you're giving
      me&hellip;the last one finished me; my head and my hands fell limp as I
      lost my consciences  .   
Morthina:  I
      remove the shackles from your hands and I loose the collar; your body falls
      on the floor. I drag you to my machine and, with my strong hands; I place
      you inside once again. The machine is running and when it's done; I take
      you out and carry you to the middle of the room. I just put you and leave
      you there until you regain your senses. I am looking at you; you're so
      shrunk now, so small, that I'll have no problems handling you in anyway
      I wish. I think I should wake you up, now, I don't want to lose the excitement
      I achieved by all this.   
I place my right boot on top of your balls
      and press; this should wake you up.   
Newbie:  I
      feel a great pressure and pain on my groin as I began to come to my senses;
      my mind is still blurred and I feel my body aches all over. I open my eyes
      and see you standing above me with your leg between my legs; NOOO&hellip;Aahhh!
      It hurts so badly...please, Mistress, no Suddenly, I realize something
      is different than before; you look so huge now.   
Morthina:  do
      you like your new size, pig? You're one foot smaller than before; I had
      you in my machine while you were dreaming your sweet dreams. You see, if
      my foot was twice as big, I could easily cover you with it completely,
      Ha, ha, ha&hellip;   
Newbie:  all
      this really begins to frighten me; you've already hurt me in so many ways,
      I don't even want to think what may come next. Mistress&hellip;I really
      don't know what did I do to make you so angry that you would want to torture
      me like this.   
Morthina:  You've
      been born and that is your first and major mistake. But enough of this
      small talk; I need more turn-ons. Lay still and spread your arms and legs
      and wait for me, I'll be right back.   
Newbie:  yes
      Mistress  .   
Morthina: (I am back after a few minutes; I
    now have new foot wear on my feet).  Now,
    let's see how fragile you are, pig. Look at  these   (pointing
    at my footwear);  these are made
    for testing pricks like you. I am walking around you slowly, looking at where
    I should start, and I know that you know what I am about to do to you; I
    can see the fear in your eyes, slave.   
Newbie:  when
      I saw those new boots on your feet, with 2" thick soles and 6" high heels,
      I realized what you're up to. I am freaking out of fear, but it scares
      me more to just imagine what you could do to me if I was to try to avoid
      this somehow; if I just wasn't so small&hellip;   
Morthina:  every
      slave should love and adore his Mistress; do you love me, slave? Tell me,
      do you really worship your Mistress?   
Newbie:  oh,
      yes, yes&hellip;I worship you so much; I feel great affection for you,
      Mistress.   
Morthina  :
      that's nice, really nice. I suppose, then, that you would do anything to
      please your Mistress, anything at all that I might desire, wouldn't you,
      slave?   
Newbie:  yes,
      Mistress&hellip;I would do anything to make you happy and pleased.   
Morthina:  goood!   (I
    am placing my right boot, its sole, on your left hand palm)  you
    see, sometimes I like to feel some flesh and bones under my boots; it gives
    me real sense of power and pleasure. So, I suppose that it's ok if I just
    step on you a little harder, you know, just to feel those feelings of power
    and pleasure.   
Newbie:  oh&hellip;well&hellip;yes,
      I mean (I am breathing really hard now; the fear I feel is so huge), but
      please, please, don't hurt me Mistress&hellip;please&hellip;   
Morthina:  well,
      I'll try not to, I promise, although&hellip;well, I am not sure that I
      will be able to do so because you are so tiny now and you look so fragile&hellip;we'll
      see&hellip; I slowly add pressure to your palm, now; I see your face is
      twitching in pain&hellip;"CKRCK", your bones are starting to collapse inside
      your hand, and so I stop.   
Newbie:  AHHH&hellip;the
      pain is so strong; I am looking at my hand as it disappears beneath your
      powerful boot, fearing you might crash it completely. I feel relief, once
      you remove your boot; however, my fear is now greater for I don't know
      what you might do next.   
Morthina:  I
      place my left boot atop your chest, leaning on it and adding more pressure;
      I can feel your chest denting as I now stand with both my legs and my full
      weight on your chest. You're so small; your chest is hardly wide enough
      for both of my boots. Are those going to collapse? Can you breathe, worm?
      I wouldn't want to kill you, not yet&hellip;   
Newbie:  I
      am fighting hard to catch some air as you stand atop of me with your full
      weight; I feel my chest bones so dented as they are pressing against my
      spine. Blood is rushing to my face as I lose my breath slowly.   
Morthina:  oh,
      you poor thing, ts, ts&hellip;did your Mistress hurt you? I slowly walk
      backwards toward your belly and your groin. I, then step on your cock;
      it is so small; it shrunk together with rest of you. I press your cock
      and your balls against the cold floor; it goes completely flat under my
      sole&hellip;does this hurt? I hope so. You won't need those anymore; they
      are so small, anyway.   
Newbie:  my
      eyes are filled with tears as the pain gets worst by each moment; I lost
      my breath completely, I am unable to make one sound&hellip;Ohhh, it hurts
      so much; I am afraid to even look at what you're doing  .   
Morthina:  I
      just felt the urge to go to the toilet and, for that, I have a great idea.
      I stand off your flesh now; get up on your hands and knees and crawl over
      there (I am pointing to a wooden box). Go!    
Newbie:  I
      barely manage to get up; I feel broken all over. I slowly crawl to the
      place you commanded me to.   
Morthina:  I
      remove the seat first and then I open the box top; ok, go inside, put your
      neck inside that big hole in the middle, face up, and your hands in other
      two on sides. Once you're in the position I lower the top and lock it.
      I return the seat on top of the box.   
Newbie:  I
      am immobilized now; only my head and my hands are out, the rest of my body
      is inside the box  .   
Morthina:  I
      unzip my black skirt and let it fall on the floor; then, I remove my black
      panties and sit on the box seat with my legs spread and my vagina right
      above your face. Now, slave, I need to piss; I am going to piss all over
      your face and in your mouth. I want you to drink all that I have to let
      go, is that understood? And later, I might let you lick the remaining on
      my pussy, only if I am satisfied.   
Newbie:  by
      the first time I feel little better about your actions; I am looking at
      your divine vagina, Mistress, and I might be so lucky to get to lick some
      of it. I feel I want to bury my face inside it, taste and inhale those
      great scents of your cunt.   
Morthina:  Now,
      are you ready? Slowly, a tiny jet of my golden nectar sprays over your
      forehead and your  eyes; I
      point it to your nose and your mouth. Drink now! My jet is more intense
      now; you're losing too much, you fuck! Come on, drink it all! Ohhh&hellip;seeing
      you down there as my toilet slave it turns me on so much. I feel almost
      orgasmic. Mmmm&hellip;do you like it, slave? Do you like being my toilet
      bowl, ha, ha, ha&hellip;? Oh, yes&hellip;that's it, drink it all&hellip;   
Newbie:  I
      feel so humiliated as your warm pee hits my forehead and fills my eyeballs;
      I open my mouth to catch the warm liquid; It's salty and smelly, but I
      have to drink it all because I am afraid of possible punishment that you
      may come up with. My lips began to hurt as your pee hits my previous wounds;
      your jet is coming so intensively, I can hardly breathe.   
Morthina:  yeess&hellip;oh,
      just a little more I have for you&hellip;ohhh, what a relief. Did you drink
      it all? Well, most of it, I see&hellip;good, that's just good. Are you
      thirsty some more? I don't have any, sorry, ha, ha, ha&hellip;(I am lowering
      my self down to your face). Now, lick the remaining liquid from my pussy,
      but nice and gently. Ohhh&hellip;yeah, it's good to know your tongue is
      still working&hellip;ahhh, yeess&hellip;lick it, yeah&hellip;mmm, I have
      to get you out of there, come on. I get up and remove the seat from the
      box and I unlock it; get out, now! I have some other plans for you.   
Newbie:  ohhh,
      it feels so good to taste and smell your divine pussy, Mistress; I enjoy
      this cleaning so much, please don't stop, please&hellip;   
Morthina:  get
      over there by that chair! Now sit down in front of it and lean your head
      on it, face up&hellip;that's it, good. I spread my legs above you and I
      sit on it, backwards, pointing my asshole to your nose and my pussy on
      your mouth. Now, lick it good, I want to come, do you hear me? Better do
      a proper job, or else&hellip;   
I sit fully on your face, now; your nose
      is inside my ass and my pussy right on your mouth; your small face just
      fits my divine bottom. Now, lick!   
Newbie:  ohhh,
      it feels great to taste your pussy once more&hellip;I stick out my tongue
      and start to lick it gently in circles; I move my head as little as I can
      to apply some effect with my nose, too. I stick my tongue inside your pussy,
      although, I am afraid, it may be too little for you, now. For the first
      time, I feel my cock is getting hard; for the first time I've being aroused
      by this.   
Morthina:  ohhh&hellip;yes,
      lick it, that's it; I feel I just might come, yeah&hellip;ahhaaa&hellip;(  I
      press my bottom on your face, harder, leaning against the chair with my
      hands and your body with my legs),  lick
      it, you fuck, lick it! I pull myself up a little and then lower again onto
      your face; I do it several time more rapidly, now, I am almost jumping
      on it&hellip; it's not good enough, I cannot come, your face, your tongue,
      everything is too small and I need something bigger. Oh, I know  &hellip;(I
      suddenly get up off of you),  stand
      up, now!   
Newbie  :
      I am trying really hard to bring you to the top Mistress&hellip;no, please,
      don't stop now&hellip;please.   
Morthina:  SHUT
      UP! I swung my right leg and it landed on your chest; I said, get up! Go
      over there to the machine, now!   
Newbie:  oh
      no&hellip;not the machine, please, I am too small already&hellip;please
      Mistress, I am begging you.   
Morthina:  I
      reach for your hair again and I give you a blow with my fist right to your
      face; I said shut up and get up, didn't I?! This kind of disobedience cannot
      go unpunished. Get over there, now!   
Newbie:  I
      slowly stand up and walk toward the machine; I cannot believe what is happening
      to me&hellip;   
Morthina:  I
      am opening the door; get inside, you little shit! Get in! Once you're inside,
      I close the door and start the machine, but with two cycles this time.
      Ok, it's finished; I open the door and look down; 1 foot only, that's how
      big you are now. I bow down and take you in my hand; good, that's just
      how I wanted you, ha, ha, ha&hellip;look at yourself, 1 foot high and maybe
      1 pound heavy; I could fit you in my pocket. I take your right hand between
      my two fingers; I wonder if I might break it now? I probably could. Oh,
      I know, you want to say something&hellip;but, when you get this small,
      you just loose the ability to speak, you see, your voice is gone. So from
      now on, you only listen.   
I walk to the bed, slowly;  I
      have an idea; that small I can use you for only one thing; I'll make you
      my dildo, what do you say? You said you wanted to bury your face to my
      pussy, so this is your chance, your "big" moment, ha, ha, ha&hellip;   
I lay on the bed and spread my legs; I,
      first, use my middle finger to widen my pussy hole a little;  well,
      it's time now  ,  I
      reach down with you in my hand and I lean your head against my purple,
      wet flesh; go on, knock your self out, ha, ha, ha&hellip;   
Slowly, I press your head against my pussy
      hole; I can feel it slowly slide in; ohhh&hellip;yeah, now your shoulders
      are already inside and I am pushing until only your legs, below your knees
      are out. Mmm, this feels great; I then pull you out, easily and back inside;
      I can feel you're all sticky from my cunt. My juices are flowing and I
      have to be careful not to choke you with my pussy or break your neck. That's
      it, I am increasing the pace now, ohhh&hellip;ahhaaa, yeess, and I am fucking
      myself with you, yeeaaaahhh! Ohhh, this is so good&hellip;mmmm, yes&hellip; my
      whole body is in ecstasy, I feel my muscles twitching; ohhh&hellip;I am&hellip;I
      am comiiing&hellip;yeess&hellip;AAAHHHHH! I came, I came so strong, my
      body is now all loose; I take you out and bring you closer; I want to see
      if you're still alive. Hmm, I don't see any movement; maybe it's too late.
      Oh, but you are; I see you open your eyes all in shock. Poor thing, all
      this is beyond your apprehension, isn't it? Anyway, you managed to make
      me cum, so I suppose I should unshrink you now as your reward. I get up
      and I move towards my machine, but, half way I stop; on the other hand,
      when I think of it, you were not that good all this time. I put you down
      on the floor; wait for me here!   
After a few minutes I come back; I have
      some new outfit on me and some new footwear; I think I have to complete
      some job I started earlier; now lie down on the floor and spread your legs.
      Don't be afraid, you poor thing, your Mistress will take care of you.   
I slowly lift my left foot and place it
      above you; I can see you trembling, fear is what your face is now. You
      see, since you're so small I think that no one can have any use from you
      any more, so&hellip;I lower my shoe and point my heel exactly on your groin;
      and this, especially this is of no use for anything, therefore&hellip;my
      heel comes down on your groin and "SQUASSHSH" , it goes to a pile of bloody
      pulp, your cock and balls are gone, destroyed. You lost your consciousness
      again; or maybe you are dead. No, I see you're moving; you're trying to
      say something, what is it? Begging? Crying for your life? Sorry, but I
      cannot hear you. You know, I think it's already too late; you'll probably
      bleed to death, anyway. I'll leave you for a few moments, now.    
Once again I am back wearing my crush boots;
      you can hear me coming, my steps sound really heavy. You want to run, to
      try to escape, but you're too hurt, you can't really move at all. I am
      now standing above you; why don't you get on your knees and beg some more,
      maybe it'll soften me some, maybe I'll spare you.   
WELL&hellip;IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO GO; BYE NOW!  
That's it, on your knees. What? I can't
      hear you; are you begging? No! Well then, I think you're not trying well
      enough. Anyway, my time is almost up and yours definitely is; I raise my
      left boot above you; I will now end your worthless pathetic life, you worm,
      and you should be grateful to be squashed by this superior woman&hellip;bye
      now; I raise my boot some more and "SBAAMM!" I land it down on you forcefully;
      my heel goes right thru your head, my sole mashes your torso and your legs
      into a messy pulp. Ahhhh! &hellip;I feel orgasmic again hearing your bones,
      your skull, and your flesh collapsing under my boot.   
I didn't know what to say now; I kept idle
    for last part of this as I was supposed to be in the play, but now, when
    it was done I still didn't know what to say. She was still here, probably
    waiting for me to write something, so, after almost 15 minutes of idle time
    for both of us, she came in, 'Well&hellip;say something. Are you so shocked
    you can't speak?' 'Yeah&hellip;well, I am a little stunned, especially with
    the end part; I am not sure I like all this one bit.' Maybe some of the parts
    I could bare to even like, but generally, it was a little too much. 'Oh,
    come on&hellip;it's just a game and it's online, too; it's no big deal, really'
    'Maybe not for you, but as you said, I was a virgin before this, so, it leaves
    a freaky trace on me.' I thought that she would just say 'bye' and leave,
    but she pushed the conversation further on, 'So, you think that I am a freak?
    Some kinds of sick bitch, ha? I know I am different; maybe little extreme
    in my fantasies, but I don't see myself sick, you know; there is lot of people
    like me, plenty come in here, too.' 'I didn't say that you're sick; it's
    just a little too much for me, that's all. May I ask you something personal?'
    'Sure, but I'll decide whether to answer or not.' I had more than one question
    so I decided to go easy, 'tell me how old are you?' '28' she said, 'and do
    you really look like you described your self or it's just your imagination?'
    'Well&hellip;in some points I do and in some not; I am tall and redhead;
    I cant say how handsome I am, that's for others to say, but more-less, I
    do look like that.' 'Ok&hellip;so, have you ever done something like this
    for real; I mean in real life, or something similar?' She waited for some
    time; I knew I had to doubt whatever she replied. 'No, actually, I don't
    know if I would be able to hurt anyone even a little; I just get turned on
    by these fantasies, but if it would come along for real, I am not sure what
    I would do; I would probably get scared and run away.' 'Hmm&hellip;I am not
    sure if to believe you or not; you sounded pretty bloodthirsty before, like
    a real sadistic bitch. Tell me, how big is your footwear collection? What
    you got?' I wanted to pry into her head as much as I could. 'It's not that
    big and I have what most women have; just shoes, you know&hellip;but&hellip;why
    are you asking all this questions; I thought that you are shocked with me
    or maybe&hellip;maybe you are a bit intrigued, ha?' 'Yeah&hellip;maybe a
    little just curious, you know. Do you have some steady partners in here&hellip;I
    mean some victims for daily fun?' 'No, not really, I don't do this too often,
    just occasionally. Anyway, I have to go now; it was real fun to play with
    you, maybe we'll meet again.' 'Ok&hellip;well, bye then; maybe we'll chat
    again, who knows.' 'Bye'. And she left the room; I stayed for a little longer
    watching for some pics a guy nicked "carpet4u" posted.   
After a while, I left, too. I was tired so
    I went directly to bed, with thoughts of what I just did this evening; it
    looked really nuts, and however, I did kill almost 3 hours.   
OH&hellip;LET ME TAKE CARE OF YOUR NEEDS.  
After I gave it a few thoughts I came up with
    a plan. I'll go back there one of theses days but under a different nick
    and see what happens. The only problem was that I wasn't sure if she will
    use the same one, otherwise I wouldn't know if she's there or not.   
Three days passed since I've been chatting
    with that woman and for the last three evenings I logged myself into that
    room under different nicks. Every time she was there; I began to wonder is
    this all that she's doing in her life; maybe she has a computer at her job
    so she can get there anytime. So, on the third evening I entered the room
    under nick "dwarf" but I didn't want to contact her at once; she might have
    figured out who I was. So I was just idle for some time, watching what others
    were doing. There were plenty of pictures coming up, some chatting, and some
    really strange offers between these people. Morthina was idle, too; like
    me she was just watching or maybe she chatted with someone else on private.
    So, I decided that the best way to attract some attention was to place some
    pictures. I surfed the pages separately and I found a few that she might
    like, so I began to upload them. I have uploaded at least ten pics and I
    was almost about to quit and give up when suddenly she said 'Hi!' on private
    window. I immediately replied 'Hello'. 'Nice pics you got there' she began
    'you have really vivid imagination. Are you really a dwarf?' She bit my hook
    'Thanks for the compliments and no, I am not a dwarf&hellip;it's just a nick.'
    'Aha&hellip;I see. But, you probably fantasize about being one, don't you?'
    'Well&hellip;maybe in certain situations only, but regularly, no, I don't
    think that is an advantage in life.' 'Ha, ha&hellip;of course not, I didn't
    mean it that way&hellip;well, you know what I meant. So, what are you in
    here, for?' I got her hooked now. 'You know, some kind of e-action, maybe.'
    'You have a steady partner in here?' she asked, 'no, not in here&hellip;I
    don't really come in here often; I like to upload and download this pics
    and this server provides that, that is, mainly, why I come to this one.'
    'Aha, ok. But, what do you mean "not in here"; somewhere else maybe?' 'Yes,
    well&hellip;I have something in real life' I couldn't wait to see her reply
    to this. 'In real life? Really? Wow, that's rare, you know, really rare.'
    'Oh no, you would be surprised, actually. There are plenty of people out
    there; they even have clubs for it, groups and other things' I knew how hooked
    she were by then just by the speed of her typing. 'So, how did you two meet&hellip;I
    mean, how did you know that you were both into this&hellip;you know what
    I mean.' 'Yes, it's very simple; we met like this, on the net, and after
    some time we decided to meet in real life.' Now, that was a little too much
    for her; she kept silent for a while as this surprised her; she probably
    thought that no one was that brave to go and meet in real life and to try
    all these things. After a few minutes I asked 'Still there&hellip;?' so she
    replied, 'yes, I am here, I was just thinking.' 'So, tell me something about
    you? What are you looking for?' I asked. 'Well, same as you I guess, some
    action. Tell me, what is it that two of you do in real life? What kind of
    games do you play?' Now I needed a little time to answer, 'I think, mostly
    whatever you can find in here we do in real life. She's always a Dom and
    I am always sub, that's how we both like it.' I thought that, just knowing
    that there is someone out there, who really does it, turned her on like nuts;
    I could almost hear her breathing deep and heavy, probably touching her self,
    too. 'So&hellip;give me a few details of what you do? Have you ever crossed
    the line, even a little&hellip;I mean like going too far and that&hellip;?'
    'Well&hellip;not really, maybe once or twice she would&hellip;wait, yes,
    once we did cross the line a little but everything was ok later; she went
    a little out of control and bruised me a bit, but that's it.' 'How&hellip;I
    mean, how did she do it? Tell me something&hellip;' I was laughing now; she
    was really eager about this so I decided to linger her some. 'I don't know;
    it would take too much time to go describing everything. In short, she has
    these really mean boots with very high heels, spiked like nails, so she hurt
    me a little with those, that's all. You have any footwear like that?' 'Aaa&hellip;no,
    not really, I have some boots and some other shoes that I might use in such
    a game but those are not so dangerous.' 'Might? What do you mean, might?
    Don't tell me that you never did any of this in real life, not once? I don't
    believe that.' This was the moment of truth; I was about to find out how
    serious she is; at least I thought so. 'No, I never did. Well, just once,
    long time ago, with one of my previous boyfriends; we played a little but
    nothing really harsh; it was just a mild play of domination, that's all.'
    I knew that, subconsciously, she was thinking about how it would be if she
    was to go ahead and find someone to fulfill her fantasies and that I was,
    at that time, the best option. So I decided to play her some more. 'There's
    really nothing to it, you know; I was also very skeptic about it, first time
    we decided to meet. After that I realized that it was the best thing I ever
    did, especially when it was over that first time. We both fulfilled our fantasies
    and were very happy about it, and you know what; it suddenly seemed a lot
    more normal then it did before.' She had no words to reply so I continued,
    'you should really find someone, and you know&hellip;its really freeing,
    the only thing you have to worry about is not losing control and everything
    is fine.' She came in then, 'that's what I am afraid of; I am not sure that
    after few sessions, I wouldn't lose it, go uncontrolled and do something
    bad&hellip;you know, once I get comfortable with it.' 'Yes&hellip;well, she
    felt that way, too, but only at the beginning; later she realized that she
    could never hurt someone badly.' I was pretty determined to destroy any chance
    of her sleeping that night; I thought '  you
    fuck with me, I fuck with you  ',
    so I told her, 'I have to go now; it was nice talking to you' and she replied
    quickly, 'No wait! Lets talk some more.' 'Sorry, maybe tomorrow, I have a
    date&hellip; you know, "the date". Maybe tomorrow, I'll tell you all about
    how it was, ha. Bye now' and I left before she could write anything.   
I was thinking, 'I would really like to meet
    her or someone like her; I was curious how she acts and looks in public.
    The only thing I could imagine about Morthina was a strange woman sitting
    in some dark room behind the computer and doing all this and only this because
    she was too big freak to hang around with other people.'   
Tomorrow night I went back to that chat server
    at the same time and she was there. She didn't wait one minute; she came
    right in, 'Hello!' 'Hi' I replied. 'So&hellip;tell me, how was it?' I played
    ignorant at first, 'How was what?' 'You know&hellip;your date, how was your
    date yesterday?' 'Ah, that&hellip;well, I am not sure that I want to talk
    about it; maybe we should talk about something else.' I knew she hardly waited
    for this so she said, 'Oh, come on, what's the matter, now? Yesterday you
    said you'd tell me&hellip;so tell me.' 'I don't know how should I put this&hellip;it's
    just that I am not so sure I like it, anymore, that's all.' 'Oh, really&hellip;but
    why, what happened?' 'Well&hellip;she kind of lost control yesterday; she
    always does when she drinks alcohol, but never before, she lost it fully.
    Yesterday, she was like mad; I have bruises all over me and I am not sure
    I want to see her again&hellip;ever!' she kept idle for a while as she was
    probably thinking how to continue; if she was to be thrilled and show me
    that I might have left or maybe she thought I wanted that kind of reaction
    from her. 'Well, that's not good; yesterday it seemed that two of you had
    it going great. Maybe you should find someone else to play; someone less
    dangerous.' I knew where she was getting at, 'Oh yeah. And how am I supposed
    to do so; maybe I should meet with you so you could beat me up, too. I don't
    think so.' 'I don't think I would beat you up; not at the first date, anyway,
    ha, ha&hellip;I am just joking, I don't think I am brave enough to meet someone
    just knowing him like this. For all I know, you could be some serial killer
    looking for women to cut their throats in some dark alley.' I was little
    surprised with that but she was right; the world is crazy. We chatted some
    more and then she left; she showed no sign that she was interested in a game
    like the other night.   
That day I came to work a little late; I was
    really exhausted from work as it increased hugely for the last few weeks,
    so I just over slept. 'Dan, boss wants to see you' my secretary's voice came
    thru the interphone. 'Yeah, ok.' I thought he was about to wash my ears but
    instead he had a very nice surprise for me; 'Dan, meet Loraine' he said and
    nodded towards the woman standing beside the window. 'Lorain, this is Dan,
    your new partner.' My partner Jack just retired recently; I expected to get
    some rookie for partner as it usually goes that way, but a woman; we had
    only three women working in our branch here in SLC and they were all secretaries.   
I took a better look at my new partner and
    my eyes almost popped out; this girl was hot, she looked incredible even
    in the suit she was wearing. She saw how I was staring for a while and she
    smiled; I guess she was flattered like any woman would be. After some official
    small talk we left, 'so partner&hellip;may I call you that?' I asked politely,
    'sure' she replied, 'where did you come from?' 'I was with force, a detective
    and I applied for a job with FBI so they accepted me.' A policewoman, hmmm&hellip;that
    was new, too. 'Ok, so today we have to go and check up on this guy; he is
    under witness protection program.' I saw the expression on her face; she
    didn't like her first assignment.   
Next week, we both had to go to the one small
    village inside the country; we were supposed to pursue a possible kidnapping
    case. Just the evening before I logged to the same chat room and found Morthina
    there. 'Hi dwarf!' she hailed me. 'Hi' I replied. 'You made up with your
    partner? Still playing?' she was very keen to find out. 'No&hellip;I called
    her few days ago and said that it's all over; I can't go with it any more.'
    'Oh, that's too bad then; at least someone had it going for real.' I decided
    to play her a little, to lie some more just to see her reaction. 'But&hellip;I
    have a confession to make, if you're willing to listen&hellip;' 'Sure, go
    ahead.' 'Well, it's like this&hellip;few days ago, when you and I chatted,
    I lied to you.' I stopped for a while and she wrote, 'I don't like being
    lied to, if you were here I would punish you severely for that, ha, ha&hellip;'
    'Yeah&hellip;anyway, she never hurt me like I told you; in fact, I broke
    off with her because she was too gentle, I played with her for three months
    and I couldn't get her to play it a little rough. And I like it that way,
    so I just broke off.' I was really keen to find out how she would reply to
    that. She was idle for some time and then she came up with, 'WHAT? I don't
    believe you, you're lying now!' 'Believe it or not, that's the truth.' 'Well
    then&hellip;I think that you and I should definitely meet, I can do you rough
    as much as you want, ha, ha, ha&hellip;' I waited a little, 'As I remember
    you said you could never hurt someone; was that a lie?' 'Playing it rough
    doesn't necessarily mean hurting someone; there is rough and there is ROUGH,
    you know&hellip;' And I decided to throw my bait, 'Ok&hellip;let me tell
    you what we should do; I have to go now and you can think about it for a
    day or two, and next time, when we meet in here, you'll tell me whether or
    not you still want to meet me, ok? So, bye now.' And I logged out quickly
    before she could say anything.   
Loraine was a really modern cop; she always
    had a pile of equipment in her car. 'Ok, this is the house; we should go
    in separately to keep a low profile. I will go first and set up everything
    and you come after 30 minutes; the apartment is on the top floor, no.23'
    she just nodded her head and I went up. She came in after 45 minutes carrying
    three bags, 'that's what you call a low profile? What you got in all those
    bags?' 'My wardrobe and my equipment; we are supposed to stay here for one
    week, aren't we? And I just don't like surprises.' We were supposed to do
    surveillance on the house across, so we took watches. I was free from 8 pm
    to 2 am, so I took my laptop and went online. I waited for about 45 minutes
    but Morthina never showed up.   
After three days, all that became pretty boring.
    I was watching Loraine sometimes; she looked hotter and hotter as time passed.
    'Maybe I should hit on her' I was thinking, 'no, she's my partner and it
    would ruin everything.' On fourth day my laptop went broken; it just blackout
    and I couldn't get it running anymore. After my watch was done, I asked Loraine
    to borrow me hers, 'I just need it for a little while; I need to obtain something
    from Internet.' She dwelled at first but, finally, she gave me hers. I went
    to my room and connected to Internet. Once I began to write the address of
    that chat server, after few letters it came up automatically; 'Oh, so Miss
    Loraine goes in here, too. I clicked on the drop down button for nick window;
    I wanted to see which nicks she used. Suddenly, a bunch of cold shivers went
    down my spine; among others there was a nick 'Morthina'. 'Jesus, it's her!'
    I almost said it out loud. I couldn't believe my eyes; my partner was a person
    that I was chatting with so heartily, these past few days. 'Maybe this was
    some kind of mistake' I thought, despite the fact that I knew it couldn't
    be. I quickly disconnected and deleted the last day history; I didn't want
    her to know where I was on the net. 'What should I do?' I was asking my self.
    I shut down the computer and went back to living room, 'Here, thanks a lot'
    I gave it back to her. 'That was quick' she said and continued, 'what's up,
    you look kind of pale to me? Feeling ok?' 'Yes, yes&hellip;I just received
    some bad news on my hotmail address, nothing to worry about much. Listen,
    I am gonna go out to catch some air; you want me to bring you something?'
    'No, I am fine; I've got all I need.'   
I went out to find a cyber caf&eacute;; I guessed
    she'd go to that chat once she gets bored. I found one after an hour; I took
    a cup of coffee and sat down in one of separate boxes. I logged in to the
    server and she was already there. This time I hailed her, 'Hey, still thinking?'
    'Hello. No, not really, I had enough time to think about what you said.'
    'So? What you came up with?' 'I am not sure; this is all new for me, I never
    met anyone before this way.' 'But, deep down, that is what you're looking
    for, isn't it? I mean, I guess you thought at least thousand times how to
    bring your fantasies to life, didn't you? It just that you have little cold
    feet, now, when it came to that.' 'I guess you're right, but I am still not
    sure.' I knew she was just buying time; if this was really Loraine with me
    online she wasn't hesitating as I saw her as very determined till now. 'Ok,
    then, maybe we could get to know each other better this way, and then we'll
    see. What do you do for living?' she waited a little and then she said, 'I
    am a cop.' 'A cop? Really?' I acted really surprised. 'I never expected that.'
    'Oh really? And what did you expect? A housekeeper probably.' 'I never said
    that.' 'Yeah, but you thought so; you men all think that we cannot perform
    what you consider men's work. Anyway, what do you do?' 'I am a cop, too.'
    She didn't believe it, it was too big coincidence. 'Don't lie to me again,
    what do you do?' 'I am not lying' I am a cop just like you, I work for the
    bureau.' She was now really surprised, 'for the bureau? I work for the bureau,
    too; this is really a strange situation.' 'You see, we're colleagues, we
    already have something in common. Ok, think a little more, I have to go now.
    Maybe tomorrow we can chat again. Bye!' 'Bye' she replied and I disconnected.
    After an hour more, I went back to the apartment; I was now 100% sure it
    was Loraine. I found her to be kind of pensive and cheerful at the same time,
    'everything ok? You look cheerful, what happened?' She looked at me and said,
    'Oh nothing, I just had an interesting chat with some guy, that's all.' 'Really?
    About what?' 'I don't think you would be interested' she wanted to evade
    the subject but I was pushy, 'Oh come on, tell me, we have nothing else to
    do, anyway.' 'There's nothing to it; I think I just found me a date, that's
    all.' I smiled at her, 'A date? Really? Why would a good looking woman like
    you try to find one on the net, can't you just go out and see for your self
    what's out there.'   
'Look, it doesn't matter ok' she was a bit
    angry now, 'you wouldn't understand.' 'Ok, ok, don't get mad at me; just
    forget about it' I went to my room and closed the door. I laid down on the
    bed and start thinking; 'what shall I do now? Tell her or not? I had the
    advantage because I knew everything and she knew nothing, yet. Maybe I should
    use that advantage, but how? Loraine didn't look like Morthina at all, nor
    did Morthina sound like Loraine. I could never imagine one being another.
    I should arrange too meet Morthina and watch Loraine for her response to
    that. But, first I need to repair my computer.'   
I took my laptop to nearby service and I told
    them that I work for bureau and that this is an emergency. They fixed it
    promptly.   
I went back at 1300 and took my watch from
    Loraine. Nothing suspicious was happening at the house across. 'Later this
    evening I will chat with her again; we'll see what happens' I thought. She
    took over at 20:00 and I said how tired I am, so I went to my room. We cannot
    both use the same line for the Internet so I decided to connect via my cellular.
    I waited one hour maybe and then I logged in. 'Hello again!' she hailed me.
    'Hi, what's up?' 'Nothing much, just sitting on a job, bored to death' she
    said. 'I never asked you, where do you live?' I already knew that, but anyway&hellip;,
    'In SLC&hellip;and you?' 'I live all around, where the agency sends me. Presently,
    believe it or not, I am in SLC, too.' 'Either you're lying to me or this
    is just a too big coincidence.' 'I am not lying; not now, anyway.' 'So&hellip;do
    we meet or not?' I kept silent a little bit as I went to check on Loraine.
    I looked thru the key hole and I saw her tapping her fingers on her computer,
    nervously, and whispering 'Come on&hellip;'. Oh, yes&hellip;she wanted this
    to happen, badly. 'Sorry, I had to go to the toilet' I wrote, 'where were
    we? Ah, yes&hellip;to meet or not to meet. I don't know, what do you think,
    is it a really good idea?' 'Look, if you don't want to, just say so and that's
    it. This was your idea, anyway.' 'Yes, I know, it's not that I don't want
    to' I moved my chair closer to the door so I can type and see her at the
    same time, 'I just want to cover all aspects; I am a cop, you know.' I waited
    a little and I said, 'Ok, how do we meet?' I looked thru that key hole at
    Loraine and saw her making a gesture with her hand like she was saying '  YES!  '.
    'I don't know...do you have any ideas?' 'Yes I do, wait just a second.' I
    logged out and turned off my computer; I looked thru the key hole and saw
    Loraine all furious. "Bastard!" she said, I opened the door and entered the
    room. "I am not!" I said, she looked at me as I surprised her, closed her
    computer quickly and said, 'I wasn't talking to you, I was&hellip;' but she
    never finished, 'oh yes, you were' I said, 'Morthina!' she just looked at
    me with her eyes and mouth wide open; she couldn't say one word, make one
    sound. It took her almost five minutes to get her self together. 'You! That
    was you?' 'Yep!' I replied. 'Are you telling me that&hellip;.,that all this
    time, I was chatting with you, my partner?' she couldn't believe it. 'Yes,
    that's me, the "dwarf".' 'You fuck! How could you?' she was furious, 'Jesus&hellip;you
    were probably watching me all this time, weren't you? Tell me!!' she was
    all trembling with fury; I guess she would have killed me right there if
    she could. 'It wasn't that way' I said calmly, 'I found that it was you just
    yesterday when I borrowed your computer. I didn't know before and I watched
    you only this evening just to make sure that it was really you. If I had
    any other intentions I wouldn't be here revealing my self, would I? So, just
    calm down now.' 'Calm down? I cannot calm down; do you know how humiliating
    this looks for me? I just want to&hellip;' she stopped at that. 'I think
    I have pretty good idea what would you want now.' She turned around and went
    to her room, slamming the door behind her. I came to the door and said, 'Look,
    what you want me to do, ha? It's not my fault it had to be you; I am sorry,
    ok.' I waited a little but there was no response, 'Oh come on, come out here,
    lets talk like grown people, shall we? You're acting like a teenager, not
    like someone who calls her self Morthina.' After a while I gave up; I sat
    down to continue her watch. An hour passed when she finally came out; she
    acted calmly but didn't look that way. 'You ok?' I asked, 'Oh, shut up, I
    don't want to talk about it.' 'Ok, as you wish&hellip;I just wanted to continue
    where we stopped, that's all' I threw my bait once more. 'What are you talking
    about' she said still angry. 'About what we talked over the net, the date,
    remember.' She looked at me and said, 'Date? With you? That's really stupid.'
    I made a special grin on my face while I was watching her. 'Why are you looking
    at me like that, ha?' 'Oh, I just look how good looking you are and I am
    trying to picture you in some special outfit.' She was confused, 'What outfit,
    what da hell you are talking about?' 'Oh, you know&hellip;some leather boots
    with very high heels, black corset, and a whip in your hand&hellip;' I was
    just smiling viciously, watching her getting more and more confused. 'You're
    a stupid fuck, you know that' she said when she realized I was making jokes
    on her account. 'Oh, now we are calling each other names, ha? Ok, come on,
    if that will help you, come on, give me your best.' 'What&hellip;' she didn't
    understand at first, 'Well come on; if that will help you to get that anger
    out, go ahead, be my guest. I know that you need to get it out, so go on.'
    At first she just watched me for a while and then, 'you are an idiot, you
    know, stupid one, too.' 'Ok, that's a start&hellip;go on.' 'You are really
    pissing me off, you imbecile.' 'Oh, you can do better than that, can you?'
    'What do you want, you prick, ha? You piece of shit!' she was getting into
    element; she started to move closer to me, slowly, 'Why are you provoking
    me like this, you pig? Ha, why&hellip;you want something, go ahead and say
    it, you bastard!!' she was furious; I could see every vein on her neck, 'Come
    on, what do you want, mother fucker?!! How dare you play me like that?' and
    suddenly she swung her right hand and slapped my left cheek hard. She lost
    it for a moment and when she realized what she did, she just placed her hand
    on her mouth, and 'It's ok 'I said,' Feeling better now?' as she didn't reply
    to that I asked, 'What's the matter, want more?' She was shaking, probably
    of anger and excitement at once. 'Come' I pointed to the chair, 'Sit down,
    let's talk.' She finally calmed down and sat on that chair. 'Don't be mad
    at me, ok; it's really not my fault, I didn't know earlier.' She was quiet
    and I watched her for few moments, 'We can still make that date' I said as
    I was now even more curious to find out about her, how she really was. 'A
    date? Just like that, ha? We are partners, remember' she said and continued,
    'If someone finds out we're fucked.' 'Yeah, I know&hellip;but why would anyone
    know? We have to stay here for three more days and we are bored to death&hellip;so,
    we just might make it a date as well.' But, I still had not told her the
    complete truth; she didn't know that I was Newbie, too.   
'So what now? We should just forget about the
    job and start playing games, right here, is that what you're saying?' 'The
    job will be fine, don't worry about it&hellip;and games&hellip;well, I don't
    know, you never said what kind of games you have in mind.' She watched me
    for a while like she was trying to see if I was serious. Frankly, I wasn't
    sure my self, then. She stood up and went towards her room, and just when
    she reached it, she said with frightening calm voice, 'I'll be ready in 20
    minutes' and disappeared behind the door. Now, I was really confused as I
    didn't expect her to act that way. 'What da hell' I thought, 'let's see what
    happens?'   
After 20 minutes I came by the door and asked,
    'you're coming out or you want me in?' 'I'll be out in a second' she replied
    and I sat back on the couch. She came out after 2-3 minutes wearing only
    her bathrobe and some shoes with high heels. She looked fabulous in that;
    that robe was red with some black things on it, her hair was loose, and it
    was pretty long, too.   
She came closer, sat down by me and said cheerfully,
    'Well, I am here, let's play!' I was now confused a little; I didn't know
    how to play anything like that and she thought how I had experience because
    I lied before about my relationship with someone else. 'Ok&hellip;so what
    did you do with that woman' she began, 'you need to tell me, I never did
    this before.' The situation was really stupid; I didn't know what to answer
    her so I just said, 'well&hellip;I don't know, it doesn't go like that, you
    have to know what you want, what turns you on and then just play it.' 'Yes
    but I&hellip;' but I interrupted her, ' I cannot tell you what to do&hellip;it's
    just whatever comes on, we do.' She just sat still and didn't move or say
    anything. 'Look, what is it that you want? You want to be bossy, in charge,
    hm? Be dominant, make me do things you want me to do&hellip;or do what you
    want to do.' There was no response from her; I didn't know what to do but
    something suddenly crossed my mind. I saw how neat she was with her things
    so I just stood up; 'Ok&hellip;lets see&hellip;' I went over to the table;
    there were some papers and some other stuff, all placed very neatly. I just
    took those and threw them on the floor, 'HEY! What da fuck are you doing?'
    she didn't understand what I just did then, but there was a response from
    her. 'Aha!' I said and just stepped on those papers, 'Ooops, sorry.' She
    stood up and moved towards me and when she came closer I just fell on my
    knees and said with my head bowed down, 'I am so sorry, it'll never happen
    again.' At first she was surprised but then she figured out what I was doing,
    'Oh, so that's it, ha? Ok&hellip;' she grabbed my hair and pulled my head
    up. She waved her right hand like she'd hit me real hard but instead just
    slapped my cheek lightly. 'Wait&hellip;didn't you said that you broke off
    with that woman because she was too easy with you?' she raised her hand and,
    this time, slapped me much harder, 'Is it better this way, ha?' she asked.
    'You like this? I could give you more for what you did just now.' She looked
    at me for a while and said, 'Why don't you get up and get out of those clothes,
    come on!' I stood up and began to undress; '  this
    might be interesting  ' I thought.
    'I guess you're right; we could play a little without harming our job or
    professional ties, but I have to warn you' she came closer to me and said,
    'I am not sure I even like you&hellip;so, I just might lose control and&hellip;" but
    she never finished. 'Don't worry&hellip;I don't think you are that type',
    'which type?' she didn't know what I mean, 'you know, hurting type', 'we'll
    see, won't we. Ok, now get on the floor and pick up those papers' I went
    down on the floor and she took the belt from my pants. She walked around
    me for a while and hit my back with that belt few times. She did it lightly
    and then spanked my ass several times, just a bit harder. I was collecting
    the papers and she placed her foot on my back, 'come on, I don't have all
    day.' She was smiling while she watched me, 'you look silly that way, you
    know that&hellip;crawling on the floor like a dog', 'maybe&hellip;but I know
    you like it, don't you?', 'well&hellip;yes, I suppose I do; it feels weird,
    I never did this before except on the net, but it is hardly the same. She
    stood above and across me and suddenly, she leaned down and grabbed my wrists;
    she pulled my hands up so I just lost my prop and fell on the floor with
    my face down. She held my hands behind my back and I felt her putting the
    handcuffs on my hands, 'Now, that's better&hellip;how does it feel to be
    arrested, ha?' she never waited for my answer, instead, she turned me aside
    and on my back with her foot. I was looking at her then and I saw, that now
    when I was restrained, it excited her. 'What are you going to do to me?'
    I asked and she said, 'I don't know&hellip;I really don't know' she placed
    her shoe on my chest and began to move it across my torso. After some time
    she had her shoe on top of my groin and in a few moments my dick was getting
    hard, 'well, well&hellip;look at that! This is really working for you, ha?
    I bet you want me to do all kinds of weird shit to you, am I right? Come
    on, tell me; what do you want&hellip;what was she doing to you, maybe that
    way I'll have a better picture?', 'Why don't you just think about the stuff
    that you were playing with on the net, ha? I think that would work for you,
    too&hellip;just do what you imagined you were doing with those people on
    the chat.' She stared at me for a while and said, 'I should really turn this
    into my favor&hellip;I mean, since you feel so giving.' I made no comments
    to that. 'Let's see&hellip;' she walked around me a little and then, she
    suddenly kicked me in the ribs with the tip of her shoe, not very violently
    but hard enough for me to make a grin on my face. She did it again, several
    times more, each time a little harder. 'You like that, ha? I bet you're a
    pain freak, aren't you? Answer me?!' she raised her voice a little. 'Ok,
    ok&hellip;I don't know, perhaps a little, but all this is supposed to be
    sexual thing, doesn't it?' She leaned towards me, waited few moments and
    said, 'Who says?' I didn't like the sound of that, 'Maybe I am just a sadistic
    bitch; maybe I'll just fuck you up so bad no one will recognize you' she
    swung her leg and hit me into my stomach as I was leaning on my right hand.
    Now, that was serious; I curled on the floor and lost my breath. I barely
    managed to say, 'I think this is not so good idea after all; I think you
    should remove these cuffs now, come on.' 'Well, fuck you! It's too late now;
    you wanted to feel overpowered by a woman and so you are. It's my game now
    and I'll let you go once I feel like it&hellip;look at you, big time cop
    so afraid of a woman; it's kind off pathetic, don't you think?' she again
    swung her leg and ran it into my ribs, this time more forcefully. I never
    managed to loose my muscles when another blow came to my left arm and another
    one into my stomach again. 'Why&hellip;why are you doing this?' I was really
    shaken, 'Shut up! Shut da fuck up!' she yelled, 'who said you can talk, ha?'
    and again she hit me in my ribs. I was just lying on the floor not able to
    believe what was happening to me. She brought a candle from somewhere, lit
    it up and began to spill hot wax all over me, 'Just to warm you up a little,
    ha, ha, ha&hellip;' It was nothing compared to the beating she gave me earlier.   
I felt hot wax dripping on my skin, burning
    slightly. Each time a drop of it touched my skin I twitched my muscles. She
    put the candle on the table and said, 'enough of that. Get up on your feet!'
    I obeyed and she took me across the room to the bed. 'Lay down on the bed'
    she commanded. As I did, she brought an extra pair of cuffs and cuffed my
    ankles to the bottom and my wrists to the top of the bed. 'Now, I need to
    go out for a while and you just lay here and wait for me.' 'Wait&hellip;where
    are you going? You can't just leave me like this.' She turned around and
    said, 'I can't? Watch me!' and she left the room. 'Shit! I got myself into
    real trouble' I thought.   
I waited for at least two hours and then I
    fell asleep. The sound of the door opening woke me up; she was standing at
    the door smiling, 'Well, it's good that you had some sleep, you know. You'll
    need your strength for me tonight, I promise you that.' 'Where were you?'
    I asked indifferently as I didn't want to show her any concern I might have
    had. 'Just shopping' she said. 'Shopping?! At this time of day, come on.'
    'Yes, well&hellip;the stores I went at, they work best at this time of day'
    she had a really wicked grin on her face. She came closer to the bed carrying
    a bag in her hand. 'I bought some things' she pointed to the bag, 'that we
    might need tonight. Would you like to see them?' I never answered and she
    just spilled all from that bag on the floor. When I saw what she brought,
    my eyes almost popped out; there was a pair of black leather boots, knee
    high with very high and sharp heels, a big black plastic dildo with a strap,
    a long leather whip, and some kind of clamps with iron balls on chains and
    much other stuff I couldn't really see from my angle. 'You're crazy! What
    do you need all that for? How much money you've spent?' I was asking various
    questions as I freaked out when I saw the contents from the bag. She just
    smiled, picked it all up back into the bag and left the room. After some
    20 minutes she came back, looking completely different. 'Like what you see?'
    she asked; I was stunned; I couldn't speak. With the boots and leather corset
    on and a whip in her hand she looked frightening. 'Look&hellip;I don't&hellip;'
    I wanted to say something but she just swung that whip thru the air and landed
    it on my chest, 'SSSMAACK!', 'Oouchh!' I yelled and she gave me another blow.
    'Please&hellip;don't.', but she kept silent and hit me again; 'I really begin
    to enjoy all this' she said, 'I don't know about you, but I intend to enjoy
    it some more.' She came closer to the bed and dropped the whip on the floor;
    slowly, she climbed the bed and stood above me for a while just watching.
    Slowly, she lifted her right leg and placed her boot on top of my chest,
    and then she stepped on with both of her legs applying her full weight onto
    my chest. She wasn't huge or fat woman, but this way, she was a heavy load
    to endure. And those boots were really high and heavy, pressing merciless
    on my flesh. I began to loose my breath, 'Oh, what's wrong? Can't breathe?
    Ts, ts&hellip;you look so tiny now under my boots.' 'Come on&hellip;it's
    not&hellip;huuh&hellip;funny anymore.' 'I didn't know this was supposed to
    be funny, but it is fun, for me at least. Stick your tongue out!' she ordered.
    I knew I better listen; I was I no position to be smart so I did. I stick
    out my tongue slowly and she rubbed her boot sole on it for a while. 'Suck
    my heel!' she said and placed her heel in my mouth. I felt cold metal on
    my tongue and my lips as I did it. She shoved it deeper into my mouth and
    soon I was gurgling as her heel was so long, it reached the end of my throat.
    'Do you suffer? Tell me, I want to know.' I was, but I couldn't speak and
    she knew it. She took it out and said, "Wouldn't want to kill you, though" she
    moved down towards my legs and stood on them, "And this?" she pointed to
    my groin, "Is it worth keeping it in one piece or I should just&hellip;" she
    lifted her right boot above it leaning on the wall "&hellip;smash it with
    my heel." That was pretty scary so I said, "Please don't&hellip;" and she
    lowered her boot on top of it but slowly; she wasn't pressing too hard, instead
    she began to rub it with her boot; at the same moment it was a little uncomfortable
    and exciting; my dick slowly erected and she said, "Well, well&hellip;it
    works, after all." She was really enjoying herself; she began to apply more
    pressure and, suddenly, my dick was all flattened beneath her boot, "Ouuh&hellip;no,
    please stop it&hellip;" but she just pressed harder; all of it disappeared
    under her boot including my balls; the pain was now agonizing as she stopped
    rubbing and almost stood on that leg. She made a really threatening grin
    on her face and said, "Once I am done with you, you won't be of any use to
    the world, anymore" she lifted the boot and just started to walk all over
    me like she was on the street; she walked so fast that I couldn't let any
    sound out of me. She stopped at my chest, turned my head aside and climbed
    on it with her both legs, "WHAT?" she yelled as she saw me trying to move
    behind her, "Is it going to collapse? I'd love that&hellip;I just wish I
    could get bigger for you, you fuck! You were laughing at me, ha? You thought
    '  what kind of nutcase is she?  '
    after that chat on the web, didn't you?" she stepped of my head and of the
    bed; my head was in pain and I felt really dizzy. She went away and came
    back with a glass; I didn't want to drink anything but she just poured it
    into my throat, "There&hellip;this will make you feel better."   
She drugged me with something; I wasn't sleepy,
    just very weak but the situation was not developing so well; not at all;
    I got myself into pretty bad position allowing her to do all this. She unlocked
    the cuffs and helped me up, "Maybe I have something for you that you'd like,
    hm?" I had no clue what she was talking about; she led me to the kitchen
    table and pushed me on it; she locked the cuffs to the fwd part of the table
    and then my ankles to the rear; I was cuffed and bent over it. "What are
    you doing?" I asked, "Relax&hellip;you said it yourself; I should do whatever
    comes to my mind&hellip;so this is it" I tried to see behind me but I couldn't
    turn enough; I just heard her doing something and then she came closer behind
    me, "When was the last time you got laid, ha? Last time you shoved that dick
    of yours into someone, tell me?" "I don't know&hellip;why you are&hellip;" I
    didn't know what she wanted, "Do you know how that feels, ha? When someone
    sticks something inside you, ha?" "Most women like it, don't they?" I was
    able to think a little clearer; she seemed pissed, "Well, I am not most women
    am I" I felt she was moving something around my rear end. Then I felt she
    was pressing something against my ass and soon, it was penetrating inside
    me, "No&hellip;what are you&hellip;AAHHH!" I screamed as she shoved it in
    forcefully, "Like it, you fuck? Ha?" she began to pull it out and back in, "No&hellip;please,
    stop it&hellip;no"; in the beginning it hurt pretty badly, later it just
    felt weird, "How does it feel to be fucked? Tell me asshole" damn thing was
    big; my ass was getting really warm by that thing; she grabbed my hair and
    started to increase the pace, "Yeah&hellip;come on&hellip;lets fuck this
    ass good&hellip;yeeess" she was out of control with it; I felt my ass was
    burning but she just wouldn't stop, "You're a bitch&hellip;my bitch" she
    was hollering, "Please&hellip;stop&hellip;please" I was begging but she just
    kept on; she slapped my ass few times while yelling, "COME ON BITCH! ENJOY
    IT&hellip;YES!" I couldn't say how long she did it but it felt like eternity.
    She stopped and pulled it out; I was feeling so humiliated by this, my eyes
    filled with liquid. Again, she pressed something against my ass; it felt
    it was cold this time as she pushed it in; this time it was bigger but not
    on her. She came in front of my face, grabbed my hair and said, "Open you
    mouth!" slowly I opened them and she shoved that dildo right in, "Yeah&hellip;blow
    me bitch!" she was all sweaty and turned like hell; she pulled my head up
    and down moving her hips at the same time; I felt that thing coming deep
    in my throat.   
She rammed it deep in my throat and stopped,
    holding my head pressed against her stomach. I was gurgling and trying to
    catch my breath as that thick dildo closed all my airways; at the same time
    I felt like I was about to throw up and I was suffocating as the air was
    coming thru in really small amounts.   
She was coming; she held me like that for at
    leas three minutes as she came hard, "Ohhh&hellip;shit, yes&hellip;" her
    muscles twitched and she was very loud, "Yess&hellip;I am coming! YEESS!!
    Aahhhh&hellip;!!!   
After a few moments she pulled that dildo out
    of my mouth and I began to breathe deeply again; she just went over to the
    chair and sat down looking like she was thinking what to do next.   
After a few minutes she came over to the table
    and let me loose; she sneered at me as she said, "I think you had enough" and
    she just went to the bedroom, locking the door behind her.   
She never came out that evening; I completely
    disregarded the job we were here for and fell asleep on the couch after a
    good deal of thinking.   
The next day, we went back to the city; we
    drove for couple of hours and none of us spoke one word. We handed our reports,
    which were mainly false, but that guy was well protected so it didn't matter
    much to us. I went home later on; I knew that we would never be able to be
    partners in future, after that night. For the next few days we worked together
    but we kept our distance. One day when we were on some stakeout, just sitting
    in the car and doing nothing, she suddenly talked about that evening, "Dan&hellip;look,
    I am sorry if I hurt you", she stopped for a while waiting for my reaction;
    there was none so she continued, "I suppose I thought that you wanted something
    like that; you did sound like you wanted it and&hellip;and maybe I lost it
    a little, but&hellip;" she didn't know what else to say so she went silent. "Ok&hellip;just
    forget about it, ok" I tried to sound indifferent, "Let's just work" I said.
    She turned to me with some new sweetness in her eyes and said, "I really
    fell badly about it; I want to make it up to you&hellip;someway&hellip;anyway." After
    two days and a great deal of insisting she managed to persuade me to have
    dinner with her; she insisted that she would prepare it in her place as she
    considered herself to be an excellent chef. I agreed as she was really bugging
    me with it but also because she was really attractive woman, hard to resist.   
I came to her apartment around 7:30 pm; she
    opened the door and smiled, "Hi!" and she seemed very cheerful, too. I couldn't
    take my eyes off of her at first; she looked gorgeous; she wore a beige midi
    skirt that revealed lower part of her nicely shaped and firm legs; high-heeled
    roseate sandals gave special shape to her pretty feet. Above, she had a beige,
    almost transparent, blouse with laces and buttons, opened just enough to
    make you lock your sight to her chest. Her appearance confused me a little
    and she saw it so she quickly asked, "How do I look?" as she it would confuse
    me even more, "I&hellip;you look&hellip;Ahm&hellip;great, really great" I
    had to change the subject quickly, "Here&hellip;I brought some wine" and
    I offered her two bottles of red wine I bought earlier. She took off my coat
    and led me to the bedroom; her apartment was big and neat, nothing I haven't
    seen before. I sat on the couch in the living room and she asked, "A drink?" "Sure,
    whatever you have" "Would you like to try my special cocktail? I think you'll
    find it exquisite", I had no objections to cocktails so I said yes. She went
    to the kitchen and I heard her making noises with bottles and shaker. I looked
    around a little; everything seemed normal but yet, something was wrong, something
    was missing. At first I couldn't figure out what but later on it came to
    me; there was no smell of food; usually when someone is cooking, even with
    superb ventilation systems, there was always some smell, but there was nothing.
    I was being a cop then; always thinking as a cop. I didn't want to pry into
    her things by asking where the smell went so I just waited; she came after
    few minutes with two big glasses containing some green liquid, "Here" she
    handed the glass to me, "Try and tell me what you think." I took the glass,
    smelled the liquid a little and took a small sip, "Nice, really nice I said." She
    sat opposite to me exposing her great legs a little more; I looked at the
    glass and smiled, "What?" she was curious; "Oh nothing&hellip;I just remembered
    that&hellip;" I stopped to reconsider my thoughts, "Well, last time you gave
    me something to drink, you dazed and raped me" I looked her right in her
    eyes; she bowed her head like she was ashamed and I continued, "Sorry; I
    didn't want to make you feel bad, I shouldn't have said that."   
We were just sitting and talking casual; I
    couldn't take my eyes off her and more I drank the cocktail, more I liked
    it, "So what's inside this" I asked, "Oh, just some herbs and few different
    liquors, lemon and cinnamon and coffee; it could have some strange effect
    on you, but it's always the same with any cocktail", I didn't know what she
    meant by that but I knew I suddenly had to go to the toilet. "Where is the&hellip;" I
    never finished and she pointed to the door on the other end of the room like
    she knew what I would ask. I went over and opened the door; that toilet was
    strange, really small and it had only the toilet bowl and the lavatory; I
    stepped in and could barely close the door as the space was really narrow.
    I opened the zipper on my trousers and began to pee; suddenly the light went
    off and I called her, "Loraine!" She came to the door, "Yes?" "The light
    went off" I said, "Oh, not again&hellip;it's the bulb again" she said, "Ok,
    never mind; I'll change it later" I said and resumed with what I was doing.
    It felt kind of strange in here; I felt like the space was getting bigger
    and bigger now that I was in dark; and I couldn't stop peeing; I don't know
    for how long but it felt like I was in for 20 minutes, peeing all the time,
    'Jesus' I thought, 'what is this?'; I began to feel embarrassed especially
    when she asked, "You ok?" "Aaa&hellip;yes, yes&hellip;I'll be out in a second." Finally,
    I stopped and turned around to the door; I couldn't find the handle anywhere
    but, as I leaned on them, the door opened; strong light came in and, at first,
    I couldn't see; I just felt something was wrong, different. I took a few
    steps forward and stopped; I looked in front of me and saw Loraine's feet
    right in front of my face; I freaked out, went backwards and fell on the
    floor and, as I looked up, I saw Loraine standing above me, her head was
    like in the sky; she was giant. I couldn't comprehend what was going on;
    I lost my breath out of frenzy that suddenly came upon me. I took a quick
    glance around a room and what I realized was much worse; she wasn't gigantic,
    she was normal; instead, I was small, shrunk to a size of a beer bottle.
    I was completely num; I couldn't move my arms or my legs or the rest of my
    body; my sight was blurred and I thought I'd faint, all out of fear.   
She bowed down a little, blinked her eyebrows
    and said, "Well&hellip;how do you like my cocktail now&hellip;tiny; yes,
    that's what I am gonna call you from now on: 'tiny'." She saw how I frantically
    looked around so she said, "I wouldn't even think of it; there is no place
    to run or hide now&hellip;you don't want to do that as I would try to catch
    you and maybe even step on you&hellip;by accident, of course&hellip;ha, ha,
    ha&hellip;" she laughed loudly. I knew she was right so I just laid there
    like frozen; just looking at her legs terrified me like hell. Slowly, she
    took her left foot out of her shoe and moved it closer to me; she positioned
    it above me and began to slowly descend it; I thought that she'd kill me
    right there. Her sole was huge; as it came down she stopped just as she touched
    me lightly, "Oh, how I want to do this; I really feel like squashing you
    right now" and I knew she was sincere, "But, this is just to show you how
    it would be if you become&hellip;well, uncooperative, so to speak." She turned
    around and walked over to the couch; with every step she took I felt the
    ground trembling like it was a strong earthquake. She sat down crossed her
    legs and called me over; her voice was so strong and loud although she spoke
    normally; once I was close she bowed down and grabbed me with her hand and
    in an instant I was on the table in front, "You see&hellip;I don't even need
    a cage for you; I just put you on the table and if you try anything you'll
    probably fall down and brake all of you bones", she stopped for a second,
    leaned forward and said, "You shouldn't have come to that chat room, ever;
    see what happens when you're too nosy&hellip;you get shrunk&hellip;partner!"   
Mail To:  mm2000xx@hotmail.com   
&copy;   By
      M.M.   
   
Look for more stories from the same author
    at:  
BDSM
      Library - story: Video Training  
BDSM
      Library - story: Doctor's Advice   
   
OR JUST FOLLOW THE LINKS ABOVE...   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





