BDSM Library - The Agony of Failure




The Agony of Failure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Far East in the early Nineteenth Century. In the remote Sultanate of Mantok 25 year old Charlotte Conway is caught up in one of the bloody palace intrigues. Betrayed by her lover, General Chong, she is brought before the Sultan for questioning.The Agony of Failure  
The Sultan looked at the three captives huddled before him. His eyes narrowed
  with a cruel delight as he studied the delightfully curved figures of the two
  native girls and their white companion.  
All were good looking, despite the rags they had
  used to disguise themselves. Now, after the struggle of their arrests, the
  generous curves and smooth skin of their bodies could be seen through the numerous
  rips and rents in their shabby clothing. The oldest of them was the Englishwoman,
  Charlotte Conway, who was twenty-five. Long brown hair and a deep tan from
  her years abroad set off her slim body perfectly. The Sultan and the men round
  the throne enjoyed the sight of Charlotte's full breasts thrusting against
  the torn remnants of her costume as she tried to retain some shreds of modesty.  
Charlotte's maids, Mia and Soo Ann, local girls
  and both only sixteen, clutched each other, shivering and whimpering in fear.
  Charlotte tried unsuccessfully to conceal her own rising terror as she looked
  round at the cruel, eager faces of the guards and courtiers. Then, Charlotte's
  faint hopes of any kind of mercy died as she saw the figure standing at the
  Sultan's shoulder. Her lover, General Chong, the man who had been helping her
  to collect the information&hellip; the man who had 'arranged' their flight
  from the city, smiled back at her in triumph. The betrayal was complete and
  she was about to face the consequences.  
As the girls clutched each other, Charlotte trembling
  at the ruin of her plans, the Sultan smiled, like a cat toying with a mouse.
  'I see you now understand that your plot has failed. It is only right that
  you should enjoy the penalties of failure to the full&hellip; and then you
  will plead for death.' He lifted his hand. 'Take them downstairs&hellip; give
  them to the Lady Lei Chen and her women. Let them experience&hellip; everything.'  
A few minutes later the prisoners were being hurried
  along a stone corridor, lit by flaring torches and lined on each side by the
  barred doors of cells and rooms. Finally, the three women were pushed through
  another archway and into a large open chamber.  
 After the darkness of the corridor, the glare
  from white walls and many lamps was quite blinding and the three prisoners
  blinked furiously at the sudden contrast. Charlotte looked round, knowing as
  she saw the sinister equipment&hellip; the hanging ropes and fastenings on
  the walls, that this was the Sultan's torture chamber about which so many awful
  stories were whispered.  
'Welcome to my own special place&hellip;' The voice
  was soft and quiet. Charlotte jerked round in surprise as a woman walked through
  another arched doorway She was closely followed by two young girls and three
  men. About forty but still powerful and attractive, Charlotte thought&hellip; then
  she remembered the Sultan's words '&hellip;give them to the lady
  Lei Chen and the women&hellip;'  Could these be their torturers?
  How could such a calm and elegant person wish to do them harm?  
The woman's body was firm and well muscled, her
  small conical breasts still high and firm despite her age. Charlotte could
  see she wasn't completely naked beneath the semi-transparent fabric of her
  sarong, as she'd at first thought. Like the girls she was wearing a little
  cache sexe, the black triangle of silk emphasising the firm thrust of her mound
  whilst the g-string cut erotically up between her full buttocks to the narrow
  waistband. The three men wore white loincloths, their slim bodies hard with
  muscle and slick with oil that gleamed under the flaring lamps.  
Then the woman came near enough for Charlotte to
  understand the truth, to see the eager heat, the hurried breathing and the
  cruel excitement in her face as she studied the three prisoners. Charlotte
  also saw that the woman's long dark nipples were already hard and pointed with
  arousal and excitement.  
'I am the Lady Lei Chen. His highness is most generous
  to send us three such delightful subjects to enjoy&hellip; so, let us see you
  properly.' The woman said, watching as the two girls with her began to touch
  and stroke the prisoners' bodies. 'It is time to be rid of your clothes.' She
  paused, a sinister smile playing round her lips, 'I'm afraid they will only
  be in the way of the things his highness wishes me to do to you&hellip; Will
  you remove them, or should I command the eunuchs to undress you?' She gestured
  towards the three men standing in the shadows with their arms folded  
Charlotte and her maids looked in panic. 'Do not
  think of escape, the guards are near&hellip; besides,' Lei Chen licked her
  lips, 'we are used to dealing with his highness's reluctant guests here.' Charlotte
  reached up reluctantly for the first button on her dress. Immediately, one
  of the girls was there, easing the rags away until the beautiful Englishwoman
  had been stripped of everything. The girl's soft hands continued stroking her
  back and buttocks as Charlotte watched Mia and Soo Ann being stripped naked
  in the same way.  
'Oh yes, you are beautiful, so ripe and ready&hellip;you,
  you will be last,' Lei Chen whispered to Charlotte, her slim hands cupping
  the Englishwoman's large breasts, fingernails scraping round the wide aureoles
  before pinching each pink nipple into firm arousal. 'But first, you will watch
  as your maids scream in agony under their punishments.' Her hands moved down
  Charlotte's body, fingers just tracing the outline of her mound and the slit
  of her sex. 'And as you hear their cries, my helpers will make your pleasure
  come again and again, to make you wet and ready for your turn.'  
She stepped back, looking at Mia and Soo Ann. She
  pointed at Soo Ann, 'that one&hellip; on the bar I think to start with. Put
  the other two on kneeling frames.' The eunuchs seized Charlotte and Soo Ann,
  hurrying them to one side of the room where two low, 'A' shaped frames made
  of polished bamboo were placed facing the middle of the chamber. 'Kneel down,
  back against the wood,' Lei Chen's soft voice commanded.  
Shuffling awkwardly, Charlotte turned so her back
  was to the frame. She could see Mia being positioned against the other frame,
  her thighs stretched wide apart as she tried to get her knees on the floor
  outside the wide splay of the front struts. Charlotte could feel the smoothness
  of the thick bamboo poles against her own thighs as she moved her legs astride
  to get her knees in position.  
Moments later, the young Englishwoman felt the
  burning tension in her thigh muscles as her feet were dragged backwards and
  her ankles tied together. Then, a soft rope around each wrist dragged her hands
  behind her. The eunuchs, working with the skill of long experience, stretched
  her arms back and downwards before lashing them to the frame. The ropes held
  her hard against the thick bamboo poles but also dragged her shoulders back,
  forcing her large breasts to jut out even more.  
Just as Charlotte thought they'd finished, another
  bamboo rod was wedged across between the frame and the small of her back. Ignoring
  Charlotte's gasps of pain, the eunuch's worked it downwards, pushing each end
  in turn until it was braced across her buttocks. Only then did they lash it
  to the frame. The agonising refinement of the pole pushing her hips forwards
  thrust the bulge of her sex out and splayed her body wide open for the torments
  to come.  
Charlotte tried to control her rapid breathing
  as she looked across at the obscene and helpless spread of Mia's body on the
  other frame. She knew that she must look the same and she shivered, waiting
  for them to start on Soo Ann who was still standing between the two young women,
  eyes wide with horror as she watched her friends being prepared for their ordeal.  
'You should be able to see everything from there,
  and it keeps you so available for us too.' Lei Chen let her fingers trace down
  Charlotte's body, watching the involuntary rippling of her muscles as her fingers
  tickled across the flat, tensed stomach and then slowly dipped in to tease
  the naked out-thrust lips of her labia. 'Now to prepare your other maid for
  her adventures&hellip; ' She turned to watch as a small wooden frame was placed
  in the middle of the floor.  
It was just a simple stand with two thick uprights,
  each about three feet tall with a carved, U-shaped hollow in the top. They
  were set, just over shoulder width apart, on the wooden stand. A short crossbeam
  at either end kept the frame stable on the floor. No straps, no fixings. Charlotte,
  fighting against the pain of her own bonds, didn't understand how such an object
  could be used in the torture of her maid&hellip;  
Suddenly the silence of the chamber was broken.
  Soo Ann gave a scream then turned and tried to run. There was a rain of slaps
  and blows as the girls seized her, forcing her back to the central area. Charlotte
  realised that it was the sight of one of the eunuchs, and what he was carrying,
  that had caused the girl to panic. Soo Ann obviously knew the evil significance
  of the soft black glove, leather wrist cuffs and the polished bamboo pole he
  was holding. She was shivering violently as he stood waiting patiently, looking
  at his mistress.  
'I see you have heard about our ways already&hellip; well
  then, lie down and prepare&hellip;or should I tell them to make you?' Lei Chen
  said softly to the quivering sixteen year old. The girl gave one despairing
  look towards Charlotte and Mia before slowly lying down on her back. Lei Chen
  smiled, holding out her hand for the strange, black glove. She spoke softly
  once more. 'Poor thing, she know what's coming next&hellip;' Charlotte watched
  transfixed as Soo Ann now lifted her legs, bending her thighs back until they
  were pressed tightly against her breasts. The eunuch placed the bamboo pole
  centrally across the crooks of Soo Ann's knees whilst the other one fastened
  two straps on the girl's wrists, leaving the long ends from each one hanging
  loose.  
Then, before Soo Ann could do anything else, the
  two eunuchs suddenly leaned heavily on her shins, bending her knees down over
  the pole and pressing her calves hard against her thighs whilst the third one
  knelt to tug her hands under the pole. He tied the trailing ends from the cuffs
  tightly together and, immediately Soo Ann's wrists were secured, the other
  released her, the natural tension of the girl's limbs locking her against the
  bar, unable to do anything, or move any part of her body except her head and
  feet.  
Two of them lifted the pole, the girl's body swinging
  down so her head and shoulders pointed to the floor and her parted buttocks
  faced upwards. Carrying Soo Ann like some obscenely split parcel, the eunuchs
  rested the bamboo pole carefully in the U-shaped hollows at the top of the
  uprights, leaving the young maid hanging, head down and folded tightly round
  the bar. Her breasts were squashed and concealed by the pressure of her thighs
  against her chest, but the dark rosette of her anus and the plump, split bulge
  of her cunt were stretched open unbearably by the dreadful position she was
  in.  
Lei Chen looked at Charlotte and then across at
  Soo Ann, gently swinging between the uprights. 'The eunuchs call this little
  treatment the 'goat's kiss',' she whispered in Charlotte's ear, holding up
  the black glove... 'In old times it was a favourite punishment to bind a straying
  wife like that and then let a goat lick salt from her flesh&hellip; Just imagine,
  that tongue, lapping and licking and you not able to move or stretch a muscle&hellip;'
  Charlotte gasped in shock as the woman ran the palm of the strange black glove
  over her out-thrust breast. It was like tiny claws against her skin, worse
  than any sandpaper or bristle! 'Goats are so&hellip; unreliable,' Lei Chen
  purred. 'With this glove the effect is the same but we can control how much
  she feels&hellip;and for how long.'  
She let the glove drag down Charlotte's breast
  again, this time the little barbs felt like fire and Charlotte cried out aloud,
  feeling as if the flesh was being stripped from her nipple as the mass of hooked,
  needle-like barbs caressed her body. 'The palm of the glove is covered with
  the skin from one of our local fishes, like a shark&hellip; but rougher, much
  more&hellip; stimulating for the victim, I find&hellip;'  
The woman smiled, 'remember the story&hellip; and
  watch as your maid enjoys the ecstasy of the glove's kiss.' One of her helpers,
  a slim, black-haired girl with a narrow waist and tiny, bud-like breasts took
  the glove, pulling it carefully on her right hand as she walked back to the
  cradle holding Soo Ann.  
'Now it begins, Lucy will attend to that one and
  Weh Ma will see to your pleasures with me,' Lei Chen murmured softly, watching
  the struggles of the terrified girl. 'In a moment she will sing for us&hellip; a
  song begging for Lucy to go on pleasuring her&hellip; and then, in a little
  while&hellip; why, she will scream and offer us anything&hellip; anything at
  all, if only Lucy will stop stroking her cunt.' Lei Chen laughed softly, watching
  the girl she'd called Lucy kneeling to face the girl's tightly curved buttocks,
  looking eagerly at the wide cleft of her body lying open and waiting for her
  attentions.  
Charlotte saw the first, delicate caress, just
  a gently stroking along the soft lips, the fingers trailing over the mouth
  of Soo Ann's vagina and across the crinkled flesh of her anus.  
Charlotte winced against her own bonds as she heard
  Soo Ann's muffled gasp, a sound repeated more loudly as Lucy continued to stroke
  the tiny vicious barbs of the glove across the maid's most secret flesh. Watching
  the slow, deliberate torture, Charlotte could see Soo Ann's head twisting and
  shaking, her feet working madly as she sought to release the dreadful stimulation
  of the glove against her exposed sex.  
In minutes, the gasps and little cries were louder
  and more frequent, sounding almost familiar in tone. Charlotte suddenly understood
  that Soo Ann was already on the brink of orgasm, forced to a peak by her confinement
  and the rasping friction of the glove. As the cries became wilder the pole
  rocked and trembled in the stand. Then, Charlotte felt Lei Chen's fingers teasing
  the wet lips of her own sex, bringing her a sudden hot arousal as she watched
  Soo Ann bucking and straining against her confining straps, trying to ride
  the spasms of her climax without being able to stretch or move at all.  
Now the cries were more intense, more desperate
  as the glove's scraping, flaying masturbation continued. Charlotte, fighting
  the remorseless stimulation of her own body, could see the moisture coating
  the inside of Soo Ann's thighs and realised that Lucy had not yet parted the
  lips of the girl's cunt. Charlotte shuddered as she imagined the feeling of
  that barbed glove rasping against the button of Soo Ann's clitoris, as it would
  surely do so soon.  
Lei Chen nodded at the other girl, the one she'd
  called Weh Ma, who was enjoying the sight of her friend working on the maid's
  body. 'Bring me a rod, the ivory one with the vine pattern, and help me bring
  our English guest to her first pleasuring.' The girl hurried into the darkness,
  returning holding a thick, carved phallus. Charlotte, knowing it was for her
  own impalement, hissed in anticipation and fear as she saw the exaggerated
  bulb of the helmet and the way the thick curving shaft was covered with a sharply
  raised decoration of twining vine stems and leaves.  
'Slowly, Weh Ma, let us take her slowly&hellip;'
  Obediently, the girl slid the black shaft along the wet length of Charlotte's
  cunt, wringing more gasps from the Englishwoman as the deliberately raised
  decorations teased and fretted against the tender flesh. 'The glove will force
  that one to come again in a few more minutes,' Lei Chen said, watching as the
  gleaming wet phallus slid to and fro along the moist valley of Charlotte's
  body. 'Now, make our English guest join her as she comes&hellip;' Obediently,
  the girl moved the dildo, searching with the rounded crest until Charlotte
  groaned, arching against her ties, as the flaring bulb pressed into her vagina.
  The groans increased as the Englishwoman felt the slow, stretching tension
  building up.  
'AAAH!'  
Lei Chen smiled tenderly at the girl working the
  phallus into Charlotte's body. They both knew the sudden cry signalled that
  the massive bulb had popped fully through the ring of muscle at the entrance
  to Charlotte's vagina and the rest of the thick, carved shaft could now be
  worked slowly up inside her. Lei Chen watched, her breathing slow and heavy
  as the black shaft disappeared inch by inch into Charlotte's cunt. The girl
  gently moved and twisted the thick column as she worked, using the raised decoration
  expertly to stimulate and tease Charlotte's most delicate tissues.  
'Ah, ah, oh yes, yes n&mdash;n-now, p-p-please,
  ah, Oh God yes, YES!' Charlotte gabbled wildly, her cries joining with Soo
  Ann's as the black glove continued to flay the maid's labia and the soft mouth
  of her vagina.  
'Now Charlotte, let your pleasure come for me,'
  Lei Chen whispered. One finger wriggled delicately into the front of the Englishwoman's
  cleft, stroking the little button of her clitoris as the girl moved the ivory
  phallus with a long deliberate rhythm. Together, the two women slowly forced
  Charlotte to a shaking, bucking climax, a climax mirrored by the frantic and
  increasingly desperate cries from the frame where Lucy' attentions were bringing
  Soo Ann to a peak for a second time.  
'Go on now, Lucy&hellip; bring her off again while
  she can still feel it properly, make her ready for me&hellip;' Lei Chen, hot
  with her own desire, threw aside the gauzy wrap and let the ties of her cache
  sexe  come loose so that Charlotte could see the wet, shaven lips
  of her cunt for the first time. 'Let the rod take this one again whilst she
  brings me pleasure.' Lei Chen ordered, her voice thick with lust. She straddled
  Charlotte's head, pressing her sex down over the Englishwoman's face as the
  girl began to slide the thick curving phallus in and out of Charlotte's body
  with a long driving motion that pressed the massive bulb right against the
  mouth of her cervix with each thrust, building her towards her peak once again.  
Lei Chen gave a cry of delight as she felt Charlotte's
  tongue begin to wriggle and flicker against her own clitoris The woman was
  so aroused by the scenes in the chamber that she only needed a few moments
  of that special, slippery caress to feel the growing excitement of hurrying
  towards of her own orgasm Clutching at Charlotte's long hair she could feel
  the Englishwoman's cries and spasms of uncontrollable sensation as the driving
  phallus brought her to her second climax in as many minutes.  
'YYYYYiiiiiiiiahaaaaargh!'  
Soo Ann's scream of unbearable pleasure and agony
  ripped through the chamber. The shrill, desperate sound served to enhance Lei
  Chen's own rising pleasure as she rubbed her body frantically against the Englishwoman's
  face. Below her, Charlotte's efforts redoubled as the raised designs along
  the shaft dragged new and delicious sensations from her body as she rode her
  own peak.  
Lei Chen suddenly broke free of the tethered body
  below her and hurried across to the bound figure of Soo Ann. Kneeling astride
  the maidservant's dangling head she looked into the hot cruel eyes of the girl,
  Lucy. 'Now, Lucy, part her lips and make her scream into me, strip her cunt
  raw so I may feel her agony against my body...' she commanded. Lucy grinned
  in anticipation as she used her free hand to spread Soo Ann's red and weeping
  labia. She paused, waiting for her mistress to lower herself against the young
  girl's mouth, and then she started stroking the tender, wet groove, letting
  the fingers of the cruel glove rasp across the little nerve bud at the top
  of her cleft.  
'IIIiiiiiiiiieeeeeeargh!'  
Charlotte, still bucking helplessly as the girl
  continued to work the ivory dildo within her body, looked across in horror
  as the squeal of agony erupted from her maid. Lei Chen's body half muffled
  the sound and Charlotte could see the look of ecstasy on the woman's face as
  the girl's agony brought new sensations to her cunt. Watching her mistress
  in a duet of pain, Lucy stroked and scraped Soo Ann's flesh unbearably so that
  the wild screams and frantic head movements took Lei Chen remorselessly to
  a shuddering climax.  
Lifting herself from the body of the young girl
  a few moments later, Lei Chen looked down at her anguished, tear-stained face,
  now glazed with the moisture of her tormentor's orgasm. 'That was the pleasure
  my little one&hellip; now feel the Sultan's pain as Lucy uses the glove inside
  your body&hellip;'  
As she walked back towards the spread-eagled Englishwoman,
  her, the girl slowly withdrew the shaft from Charlotte's heaving, twisting
  body. Lei Chen replaced her black, silk cache sexe  and
  turned to watch as Lucy slowly pushed one gloved finger into Soo Ann's body.
  This time the scream was almost inhuman, the ties creaking wildly as the maid
  heaved in desperation against her bondage as the glove stripped the skin from
  the insides of her vagina.  
Now Charlotte understood the horror of the punishment
  Soo Ann faced. The gentle, deliberate stroking would go on and on, first making
  the skin red and sore, then abrading away the top layer and finally flaying
  the delicate flesh of the girl's cunt into a mass of raw, weeping tissue with
  every sweeping touch of the devilish glove ripping fresh agony from the tortured
  nerve endings. Bound as she was, the little maidservant could do nothing to
  relieve the terrible scratching bite of the glove. The pressure on her body
  meant that she was also gasping and crying for breath, unable to fill her lungs
  completely so she face the added torment of slow suffocation as the torture
  continued.  
For the next half an hour Charlotte tried desperately
  to block the sounds of her maid's agony. At first, Soo Ann had been forced
  repeatedly through a cycle of pleasure and pain as Lucy worked her to climax
  after climax. Then the agony had taken over and her voice had cracked and died
  to a gasping reedy whisper as her throat gave out from the continual screaming.
  Now, as Lucy worked on with the same steady rhythm, the upturned valley of
  Soo Ann's sex was red with blood and each new pass of the glove only brought
  fresh whimpers from the broken girl.  
Lucy looked up, 'Mistress, she is not responding
  any more. Should I go on, or shall we try something else?'  
Lei Chen looked at where Mia knelt, braced like
  Charlotte against a bamboo frame. 'No, Take that one away&hellip; we will play
  with her again later. Bring on the Tiger&hellip; the other maid can show us
  her riding skills for a while. &hellip; ' Soo Ann screamed just once more as
  two of the eunuchs carried her out through the archway towards the cells. Charlotte
  watched her disappear and then heard Mia cry out as she was forced to stand
  up right, held by Lucy and the other eunuch. The two men returned and quickly
  removed the wooden uprights leaving the centre of the floor clear once more.
  At a gesture from Lei Chen they hurried to fetch the next piece of equipment,
  the 'Tiger' she'd requested.  
The device they now placed in position was made
  of brass and red lacquered wood. Below the carving and ornate gold decoration
  Ann could see the basic design was similar to the frame they'd use to hold
  Soo Ann, a sturdy base with two metal uprights, but this time a bar joined
  the uprights. The thin steel bar's top edge was wavy, forming a series of small,
  rounded peaks down its length. As Charlotte studied the ornate device, the
  eunuchs fiddled with the fastenings on the uprights. The centre bar suddenly
  dropped until it was low enough to step over. Lei Chen signalled for Mia to
  be brought forward.  
'This is our own little 'Tiger', specially designed
  for girls like you to ride. Go on, step astride the bar&hellip;' Pushed very
  gently by the two girls, Mia stood as she was told with her feet on either
  side of the polished steel bar. 'Now, we don't want anything interfering with
  your enjoyment, do we, so&hellip;' At her signal one of the eunuchs began binding
  Mia's arms up behind her back, each wrist pulled hard across to the opposite
  elbow before he lashed the young maid's forearms carefully together. That done,
  he knelt, pushing Mia's knees apart so he could tie each one to the end of
  a short bamboo pole. Mia was left helpless, straddled across the bar and unable
  to close her legs to protect her body  
'Lift her&hellip;' Charlotte, biting her lip in
  the knowledge of what they were going to do to her maid, watched the bar being
  raised until it just touched the lips of Mia's sex. Lei Chen leaned over, gently
  parting the girl's labia so the bar slipped up between them. 'On tiptoe now&hellip;'
  she whispered to the shivering girl as they lifted the bar still higher. Mia
  was arched up, her toes already white with strain when Lei Chen finally signalled
  the men to stop raising the bar. She studied the girl's pose for a moment,
  slipped her hands between her legs to check the seating of the ridged blade
  and then idly pinched one of the maid's stubby nipples before moving back to
  where Charlotte knelt, still strapped to her frame.  
'You can watch her riding as I bring your pleasure
  on again. This time we do not touch her&hellip; she will ride all by herself
  for as long as I wish.' Her fingers moved to Charlotte's tender cunt and the
  Englishwoman grunted in pain as Lei Chen stroked the wet lips once again.  
'Would you like to ride my ivory man once more?'
  Charlotte, still sore from the Weh Ma's long expert masturbation with the dildo,
  shook her head frantically. 'I thought not&hellip;' She turned to the girl,
  who'd been using the ivory phallus on Charlotte, 'Weh Ma, fetch me a tongue,
  one of the little ones&hellip;' The girl giggled as she hurried to do her mistress's
  bidding. 'Something new for you to try,' Lei Chen said softly as Weh Ma handed
  her a little silk bundle. She unwrapped a small object and held it up for Anna
  to study. 'See&hellip;'  
Charlotte looked at the curious red toy her tormentor
  was holding. A small handle, dimpled across its surface for a better grip,
  tapered down to a curving, narrow neck. As Lei Chen turned the object in her
  hand, Anna could see that the curving neck was flattened from side to side,
  almost like a blunt blade and the tiny tip ended in a little bulb. Turning
  the handle so the blade of the tongue curved up Lei Chen looked at her pinioned
  victim hungrily. 'This will bring your pleasure on despite anything you try
  to do. It will only search out one place but you will feel an agony of sensation
  with every touch&hellip; Weh Ma, attend to our guest's breasts while I let
  the tongue have its first taste of her body&hellip;'  
Charlotte braced herself for whatever this fiendish
  woman was about to do to her but shivered involuntarily as she felt Weh Ma's
  nails scratching lightly over the tender skin of her aureoles. She tried desperately
  to think of anything, anything at all&hellip; other than the delicious, maddening
  arousal of those fingers circling her nipples. Lei Chen waited patiently as
  her young helper brought the pink tips to full erection, enjoying the sight
  of Weh Ma holding the creamy globes cupped in her small hands so that she could
  nibble and lick each stiff bud in turn.  
The slow masturbation of the Englishwoman was interrupted
  by a sudden cry from the girl riding the bar. All of them looked across to
  the lacquered frame as they heard the sharp outraged squeal of pain. Mia's
  leg muscles had finally tired, letting her to drop down onto the rounded steel
  edge. The cruel pressure against her cunt was too much and she had forced herself
  up onto her toes again. 'Aaah,' Lei Chen purred in satisfaction. 'Now her ride
  really begins&hellip;'  
'Iiiiiiiiih!' Mia squealed as she sank down onto
  the bar again only moments later. Charlotte could see her maid's face screwed
  up in agony as she tried to balance the pain of the bar and the burning fire
  in her leg muscles. She gasped at the strain and rose jerkily onto her toes
  once more. Charlotte finally understood. Mia, trapped on the fiendish device,
  would be forced to 'ride' up and down continually on the torturing bar, the
  pain in her cunt and legs growing and growing until she collapsed.  
'Now to introduce you to my little pleasure tongue,
  look down and watch for yourself as it searches for your most delicate place&hellip;'
  Charlotte peered down between the sharp peaks of her breasts, watching fixedly
  as Lei Chen eased the curved blade between her exposed labia, lifting the handle
  so the tip burrowed up between the soft, wet lips. Already breathing hard from
  Weh Ma's attentions, she stifled a cry as she felt the blade's exquisite tickling
  deep in the sensitive, wet slot of her cunt. Charlotte tensed her muscles;
  only too aware of the place Lei Chen was seeking as she moved the scarlet blade
  so delicately between the folds of her sex.  
'AAAAAHHHH!'  
Charlotte couldn't help the cry as she arched back
  helplessly at the shock of sensation blazing though her. 'Oh God, ah, ah, p-p-pleas&hellip; AAAH!'
  She bucked again, unable to control the spasms as Lei Chen found the place
  she wanted, wriggling the little pointed bulb very slowly under the hood of
  flesh to nuzzle directly against the hard stub of her clitoris.  
The bulb moved again, teasing and twirling so that
  Charlotte jolted and jerked, the bamboo frame creaking softly as she strained
  at her bonds. 'Oh p-please, don't, don't do that, too much n-n-no t-t-too much
  p-please AAAAHHHH!' Charlotte sobbed as the woman gently turned and moved the
  little tongue within her cunt.  
'Give her something else to feel, play with her
  for me&hellip;' she ordered Weh Ma. The girl moved behind Charlotte, standing
  against her bound arms so she could reach down to tease and pinch the Englishwoman's
  breasts as she watched her mistress bringing Charlotte remorselessly to another
  climax. Charlotte wriggled frantically as she felt the girl's fingers tormenting
  her tender breasts once more, but she was also desperate for the wonderful
  sensations now teasing her clitoris to continue. Her cries became more pleading,
  more desperate as she felt the tongue tickling her very core, building her
  up to that delicious peak she now wanted so badly.  
She heard Lei Chen's voice, 'use your nails on
  the tips, hard as you like&hellip; she's there again already&hellip;' Then
  the avalanche swept down, a crashing flood of sensation as Charlotte Conway
  reached her third orgasm in the Sultan's torture chamber.  
'N-N-N-N-Aaaah! Y-y-yes YES, YES! GO ON! Ah, AH
  ARRRRGGGGGH! Oh yes, that's it y-yes, Oh, oh, oh, aaaaaah!'  
The two tormentors smiled at each other as they
  looked at the sweat soaked figure hanging against the bamboo frame. Two or
  three more orgasms to come, thought Lei Chen, and then&hellip; then they could
  begin to find out the Englishwoman's reactions to pain as well as pleasure.  
Waiting for Charlotte Conway to recover, Lei Chen
  looked across at the bar and the gently moving, moaning figure of the young
  maidservant. Time for something else, something sharper for them to enjoy,
  she thought.  
''Let her dismount,' she ordered, gesturing at
  Mia's rocking figure, still fighting to balance the agonies in her sex and
  the burning muscles of her thighs and calves. 'Get rid of that thing and put
  her on a pole&hellip; Lucy can try her skill with a cane while she feels the
  shaft within her.'  
Mia was lifted off the bar, her arms freed to allow
  her the luxury of clutching at her aching groin as the richly ornamented frame
  was removed. One of the eunuch's flipped a rope over a hook set in the vaulted
  roof then the others carried a heave metal disc, about two feet across, into
  the middle of the clear area letting it fall with a crash to rest immediately
  beneath the rope. As it came to rest, Charlotte slowly began to take in what
  was happening as her breathing came back to normal and the spasms of her orgasm
  subsided. She watched blankly as the girl called Lucy placed two small boxes
  on either side of the heavy metal plate then bent down to help the eunuchs
  fit a metal pole into a socket in the middle of the disc.  
'Oh no, no you can't, oh poor Mia, it will kill
  her&hellip;' Charlotte whispered aghast as she saw the ridged shaft and bulbous
  head that crowned the metal pole. She watched with a horrified fascination
  as Mia's hands were prised away from her groin and tied tightly together before
  being clipped to the ceiling rope. The eunuchs pushed her up onto the little
  boxes, forcing her astride and then lifting her onto the rounded bulb of the
  shaft. As the girl felt the oversized dome of the helmet stretching the opening
  of her sex she began to babble frantically, twisting and turning against the
  unyielding hands of her tormentors.  
Her sudden gabble of fear was the signal for the
  rope to be hauled taut, tightening until her upstretched arms were taking most
  of Mia's weight. Charlotte gasped with horror when the eunuchs abruptly pulled
  the boxes away so her maid was hanging with just the rounded tip of the thick
  shaft lodged in the entrance to her vagina. 'They will lower her very slowly
  until she is on tiptoe once more,' Lei Chen whispered, stroking the sweat-slick
  nipple of Charlotte's left breast. 'Then Lucy will use the cane on her&hellip;'
  Her hand moved down, stroking and cupping the fullness of Charlotte's bottom.
  'Starting here but not neglecting&hellip;' the fingers returned to tickle Charlotte's
  nipples, 'these little places also...'  
 Charlotte didn't see the rope move but Mia suddenly
  started scrabbling madly at the pole with her feet, trying to press them against
  the polished surface to get some grip, any kind of grip that would support
  her and stop the slow impalement that was beginning to stretch her vagina so
  unbearably.  
'Watch, Lucy knows how to deal with that little
  game&hellip;' Lei Chen said, a cruel enjoyment evident in her voice. Charlotte
  saw the girl running her hands across Mia's sweating body before she bent to
  kneel in front of the pole and the maid's scrabbling legs. Looking back at
  her mistress she smiled like a big cat with its prey as she rubbed her moist
  hands up and down the polished pole, leaving it slippery with Mia's own sweat.
  She repeated the process, this time concentrating on the base of the pole just
  where Mia's feet were beginning to find a tiny amount of friction to help support
  her body.  
'Aaaaaiiiiiiih, NOOOOoooooooo!'  
Mia wailed in anguish and tortured frustration
  as Mia stroked her up stretched body. The girl leaned close to tickle the helpless
  maid under the arms, forcing her to wriggle even more violently as her feet
  slithered uselessly against the sweat-slick metal of the pole.  
The cries and screams continued for the next five
  minutes as Mia was lowered very slowly onto the thick phallus crowning the
  metal pole. Finally, one toe scraped the base of the metal disc, then the other.
  The eunuchs continued lowering until she was able to rest the balls of her
  feet on the metal base. Charlotte watched her maidservant's face, the grimaces
  and contortions as she tried to cope with the thickness of the ribbed shaft
  within her body. All attempts at trying to grip the pole with her feet were
  ended and she stood very still, the pole disappearing deep inside her cunt,
  her arms at full stretch above her head.  
'Oh Mia, oh my darling, are you all right?' Charlotte
  cried out.  
Mia looked across at the bamboo frame where her
  mistress was still splayed open, Lei Chen's hand just tracing over the contours
  of one creamy breast. 'Not so bad now, Mistress, but my legs are still so sor&hellip; Aaaaah!'
  Lucy wrung the cry from the little maid by simply holding her hips, turning
  her round on the pole a little way and then swinging her back to face her mistress.
  Charlotte bit her own lip, realising how the movement must have scraped the
  sharp ridges on the embedded phallus against Mia's flesh.  
'Now you can watch as Lucy uses the cane&hellip; and
  it's time your own cries joined your servant's as you enjoy my little tongue
  again.' Charlotte shuddered uncontrollably as Lei Chen's fingers moved over
  her body. She started panting, desperately trying to prepare herself for the
  torturing ecstasy of yet another climax, trying to ignore the maddening sensations
  as the expert fingers tweaked and stroked the soft, sensitive trigger points
  of her body.  
Lei Chen once more concentrated on the tender pink
  peaks of Charlotte's breasts, working them back to rigid stubs that stood proud
  of the creamy globes. She nodded at Weh Ma who fetched a small, carved box
  from the side of the chamber. Opening it, she showed the contents to the bound
  Englishwoman. Charlotte looked blankly at the two small golden serpent's heads
  nestling against the red silk lining. Weh Ma smiled, lifting the finger sized
  objects out to show her how they were linked by a fine gold chain.  
It was only when she pressed a serpent's head,
  and the mouth opened to reveal a line of triangular steel teeth, that Charlotte
  understood&hellip;  
'No, no, please, please you can't. Not there, not
  on me, I can't please they're too sore, please, p-p-p-please&hellip;'  
Lei Chen laughed softly. 'But this is such a little
  thing&hellip; and besides, you cannot do anything to stop it, can you&hellip;?'
  She took the first clip, holding the golden jaws apart so she could place it
  over the jutting peak of Charlotte's left breast. 'Feel the serpent's sting&hellip;'
  Charlotte watched as the jaws closed on her nipple. She gasped as she felt
  the teeth biting into the already tender pink flesh and then gritted her own
  teeth as the pain of the spring-loaded jaws lanced through her body.  
Lei Chen studied the Englishwoman's reactions carefully,
  and then smiled in evil anticipation as she slapped the side of the curving
  globe very softly. 'Aaaah!' Charlotte gasped as the blow made the fullness
  of her breast jiggle so that the little clamp on her nipple danced and wiggled,
  the jaws working into the flesh and sending more stabbing pains through Charlotte's
  already exhausted body.  
Lei Chen played with her victim for another five
  minutes before she held out her hand for Weh Ma to give her the other clip.
  This time, knowing exactly what was coming, Charlotte managed to control her
  first gasp of pain as the teeth closed on her right nipple. But, as the two
  women began to work together, Lei Chen continuing with her rhythm of soft slaps
  whilst Weh Ma tugged and pulled at the gold linking chain, Charlotte's control
  broke.  
'Aaaah, please, no, Ah, ahhhh! No, Nooo, Please,
  please d-d-d-don't. P-please stop, stop, STOP!' Her torturers enjoyed the cries,
  smiling at each other as the Englishwoman surged and pleaded beneath their
  cruel and busy hands.  
On her own in the middle of the whitewashed chamber,
  Mia was trying to concentrate on two things at once. The sight of her mistress
  writhing on the bamboo frame and the thin, whippy cane that Lucy was flexing
  between her hands.  
Sated for a moment, Lei Chen stopped the remorseless
  treatment of Charlotte's teats and let the Englishwoman slump down against
  the polished bamboo frame. Weh Ma gave the gold chain a final tug and then
  reached across to remove the tiny beads of blood from the serpents' jaws. She
  picked up the empty box and vanished silently into the darkness.  
Lei Chen studied the hanging figure for a moment.
  'Behind, I think, Lucy&hellip; to start with anyway. Weh Ma will help you.
  See if the two of you can bring her off with the cane alone. Like you did with
  that merchant's daughter last week.' She smiled at the memory. 'Remember her
  fat father babbling where the money was so that we'd stop&hellip; and the daughter
  pleading for you to go on and on&hellip;' She stopped, replaying the scene
  as the young woman had screamed in ecstasy under the beating. 'And if not,
  she can share the tongue with her mistress in a few minutes&hellip;'  
Lucy rubbed her own small breasts, their peaks
  hard with the excitement of the things she was about to do to the sixteen year
  old hanging impaled on the thick shaft in front of her. She grinned as Weh
  Ma, carrying another of the thin, whippy canes, joined her on the other side
  of their victim. Mia's head jerked frantically from side to side, trying unsuccessfully
  to watch as her two young torturers prepared to begin flogging her buttocks.  
Thwick!   
Lucy's first stroke sliced across the crest of
  each firm mound with a crisp, sharp sound. The whippy cane curling across the
  summits to flick agonisingly against the opposite cheek so that Mia cried out,
  jerking as far as she could on the impaling rod.  
Thock!   
The first cut from Weh Ma mirrored the one from
  Lucy. Hearing Mia's second, semi-stifled cry and watching her twitching on
  the pole that thrust so deeply into her body, Charlotte suddenly noticed that
  Weh Ma was left handed. Between them, the two girls were able to keep a constant
  rain of blows coming from either side. No matter how Mia wriggled, every part
  of her bottom was going to be thrashed unmercifully.  
Thwick&hellip; thock&hellip; thwick&hellip; thock&hellip; thwick&hellip; thock&hellip;   
The two canes sliced in from either side. Within
  minutes Mia was gasping and crying aloud in earnest as the rain of blows, none
  of them really heavy but all hard enough to raise a stinging mark across her
  soft brown bottom cheeks, began to build up a crescendo of agony as stripe
  recrossed stripe and the skin of each buttock was slowly brought to a glowing
  redness.  
'ARRRGH! Pleeeassse, not, no no, NOOoooooo! Ah,
  Ah! AH! NOOOOoooooooooo!'  
Mia began screaming uncontrollably as the incessant
  stinging pain became too much. In her agony she moved and twisted on the thick
  phallus lodged in her vagina. Now, the cunningly place ridges did their work,
  rubbing and stimulating her inner flesh to a frenzy. Gradually, the tone of
  the screams changed. The two girls exchanged knowing glances as they realised
  that the young maidservant was going to climax in a few minutes. Brought to
  an unwilling peak by the flogging, and the incessant movement on the buried
  dildo Mia was unable to help herself&hellip; pain and pleasure had joined in
  her mind and all she wanted was the release of coming.  
'You must join her as she reaches her pleasure&hellip;'
  Lei Chen whispered, fingers once more reaching for the clips that still gripped
  the hot, swollen stubs of Charlotte's nipples. 'Are you ready for another taste
  of my little Tongue&hellip;'  
'AH! God no! No, no, please, no, no more. I can't,
  please don't touch me, please, leave me alone&hellip;'  
'Shhh, don't waste your breath. I told you how
  it must be&hellip; I will bring your pleasure on until you have no strength
  even to cry out at the peak of ecstasy. And then&hellip; then there will be
  pain&hellip;' She twisted the clips so that Charlotte squealed and surged against
  the ropes. 'Pain, which will make this feel as nothing&hellip;' Picking up
  the little red Tongue form the floor, Lei Chen traced the tiny rounded tip
  over the sweat-slick curves of Charlotte's breasts before running it downwards
  towards the wet, swollen lips of her cunt. The Sultan's chief torturer smiled
  as she watched the Englishwoman struggling against her bonds. 'Shall I begin&hellip;?'  
'Aaah n-n-n-no, no don't p-please d-d-d-d-don&hellip;.
  AAAAHHHH!' Charlotte gasped and pleaded as she felt the little ivory blade
  of the Tongue once again slipping gently between her labia. Her words broke
  off in a breathless cry of protest as the rounded tip quickly returned to nuzzle
  under the little hood of flesh. Lei Chen paused, waiting for Charlotte to relax,
  before moving the Tongue again, using the tiny bulb against her clitoris so
  that she writhed and screamed dementedly at the unbearable sensations created
  by even the slightest movement of her tormentor's hand.  
Lei Chen, playing the Englishwoman's body with
  devilish skill, was also listening to the cries of Charlotte's maid as her
  two helpers used the thin bamboos to lash her into a frenzy of lust. She snapped
  a command to the eunuchs in the darkness at the side of the chamber and they
  slackened the rope holding her up&hellip;  
Impaled on the thick bronze phallus, the maidservant
  squealed manically, working her self up and down in a frenzy of release as
  the caning spurred her over the edge. The screams of her mistress filled her
  ears as both women were forced to climax at the expert hands of their torturers.
  It was only as the rain of blows from the canes ceased that Mia discovered
  the new horror she faced.  
Holding her self on tiptoe once again, Mia tried
  to recover from the effects of her orgasm. Slowly, her breathing eased and
  she was able to take a little of the strain on her arms. Her respite was short.
  'My Lady says to warm these now&hellip;' Lucy's voice sounded in her ear and
  Mia felt the soft, teasing fingers of the two girls caressing and tugging the
  points of her small, high breasts  
Unseen in the dimness of the entrance to the cells,
  the Sultan watched as the maid screamed and writhed on her metal stake. His
  gaze moved to where the Englishwoman knelt astride on her bamboo frame. He
  smiled as he studied the heaving flanks, the shining sweat soaked skin and
  the gold serpents gripping the pink peaks of her breasts. As usual, the Lady
  Lei Chen had prepared her victim well.  
Now the traitor's agony could begin&hellip;.  
To be continued&hellip;  
Cortez.  
The Agony of Failure &ndash; Part Two  
Part One tells of the beginning of the ordeal for 25-year-old Charlotte
      Conway and her two maidservants. Betrayed as they try to flee from the
      city following a failed attempt to overthrow the Sultan's cruel regime,
      they are condemned to face the skilled attentions of the Lady Lei Chen
      in the torture chambers below the palace. The Lady Lei Chen herself masturbates
      Charlotte to a series of orgasms as she is forced to watch the torment
      of her maids, Even as she writhes in the throes of pleasure, the Englishwoman
      knows that she is being prepared for her own agony&hellip;   
   
Unseen in the dimness of the entrance to the cells, the Sultan watched as
  the young native maidservant screamed and writhed on her metal stake. His gaze
  moved to the side of the brightly lit chamber, where the Englishwoman still
  knelt, bound kneeling and astride on her bamboo frame. He smiled as he studied
  the heaving flanks, the shining, sweat-soaked skin&hellip; and the little clamps
  in the shape of golden serpents gripping the pink peaks of her breasts. As
  usual, the Lady Lei Chen had prepared her victim well...  
The Sultan waited until Lei Chen's girls, Lucy and Weh Ma, had brought the
  Englishwoman's maid to another writhing peak of pain and pleasure, her body
  impaled on the thick metal phallus. He felt his own penis hardening as he watched
  the way the rapid, stinging impact of the thin bamboo rods on her breasts kept
  her in constant motion.  
Her tormentors, applying the rods so delicately and skilfully, ensured she
  jerked and twisted up and down the cunningly decorated shaft without respite.
  Finally the unbearable stimulation overwhelmed her senses and, screaming in
  an agony of pain and pleasure, she climaxed once more before slumping forwards
  to hang senseless from her bonds.  
'A most expert performance&hellip; your assistants do you credit, Lei Chen,'
  the Sultan murmured as he walked into the white-walled brightness of the torture
  chamber. Behind their master as always, a small group of servants and guards
  remained in the shadows, ready to respond to every whim of the tyrant. Only
  a slim, naked slave girl stayed close by his side, eyes lowered, her oiled
  body gleaming like rich mahogany in the lamplight. Gold rings gleamed at the
  points of her body, her nipples, her navel and the shaven lips of her sex.  
The Sultan's richly embroidered robes swirled round his bare legs as he stopped
  in front of the bamboo 'A' frame that held Charlotte Conway arched back and
  kneeling astride. He studied the glistening, tanned figure of the naked Englishwoman;
  his eyes alight with cruel delight as he saw the thick honey of her juices
  shining on the junction of her thighs and the puffy, reddened lips of her cunt.  
'So, Miss Conway&hellip; now you understand how I deal with those who oppose
  me&hellip; I can see you have enjoyed Lei Chen's attentions whilst your maids
  have been performing their dances of ecstasy&hellip;' White teeth gleamed as
  a sinister smile spread across the Sultan's dark features. He reached down
  to run his fingers over the full jutting globes of Charlotte's breasts. Teeth
  clenched at his touch, she only gasped aloud when he deliberately flicked the
  two golden serpents whose needle jaws were still clamped tightly round the
  swollen peaks of each nipple. '&hellip;And wearing such attractive jewellery
  too&hellip;.'  
Behind the Sultan, padding silently about their business as their Lord teased
  the helpless young blonde, the eunuchs lifted the limp body of the maidservant
  from the metal phallus, freeing her from her bonds so Lucy and Weh Ma, the
  Lady Lei Chen's vicious young assistants, could seize her arms and drag the
  exhausted and broken girl away to the cells.  
With the young maidservant gone, the eunuchs quickly removed the stake and
  its heavy metal base, leaving the middle of the chamber empty once again.  
'Now it is time for your own performance...' the Sultan smiled down at the
  beautiful figure splayed before him, enjoying Charlotte's frantic efforts to
  bring her rapid, panting breathing under control. 'I know that the Lady Lei
  Chen will be most inventive and stimulating in her attentions. I trust you
  are still in good voice since your song of agony will be long&hellip; unbearably
  long for you, I fear&hellip;' He laughed softly as Charlotte twisted against
  her bonds, eyes wide with fear and loathing as she gazed up at her tormentor.  
'You monster, whatever you do&hellip; you'll never have the satisfaction
  of breaking me&hellip;' Charlotte gasped her voice hoarse with emotion and
  the sexual exhaustion of the last few hours. 'You and that, that creature  of
  yours can go to hell! Aaaah&hellip;  '  
She twisted and gasped aloud as the Sultan gently pressed the jaws of the
  golden serpent still dangling from the swollen peak of her left breast. He
  looked up as Lady Lei Chen joined her silent assistants and all of them bowed
  low. The Sultan looked the writhing woman on her bamboo frame, 'such vigour
  in such a delightfully shaped body, my dear. I eagerly await your performance,
  Miss Conway&hellip;' He let the golden clip go and strode across to where a
  low, comfortable couch was placed on the edge of the central area.  
The Sultan settled back, deliberately letting the silk robes fall away from
  his legs as he relaxed; the conqueror at ease in front of his helpless victim.
  He smiled as he noted Charlotte's sudden blush as she caught sight of the thick,
  upcurving column of his penis tenting the fine fabric across his groin.  
Commanded by a single imperious gesture, the slim dark haired slave girl,
  hurried to her Master's side and knelt, bowing until her forehead touched the
  cool tiles. The Sultan gave an imperceptible nod of approval.  
Settling himself back against the cushions, he enjoyed the delightful sensations
  as the girl stroked the length of his shaft with one hand whilst the other
  gently massaged the soft, heavy sac of his testicles. Stretching with pleasure
  under the girl's delicate fondling, the Sultan watched closely as Charlotte's
  torture frame was moved into the middle of the floor&hellip; then turned to
  offer him the best view of her outstretched body.  
'My Lady&hellip; please continue'  
The Sultan let his shoulders relax against the silk cushions as he pressed
  the slave girl's head into his groin. Knowing exactly what was expected of
  her, the naked girl eased the silk robe aside, opening her lips in a wet 'O'
  to engulf the smooth, domed head of her Master's penis.  
Just as she began to use her tongue to tease around the rim of the wide glans,
  the Sultan's fingers tightened in her hair, his voice suddenly thick and quiet
  with heat and menace. 'Have a care my little one&hellip;the performance has
  yet to begin. Attend to your task with skill&hellip; after all, the Lady Lei
  Chen is always available to provide other stimulation for those who displease
  me&hellip;'  
The girl shivered in fear, her caresses immediately becoming softer and less
  urgent as she worked her lips over the thick helmet and down the warm, hard
  shaft, trying to bring her Master to full erection and arousal&hellip; but
  no further.  
The Lady Lei Chen permitted herself a small smile of satisfaction as she
  watched the girl's careful attentions&hellip; She now understood the reason
  for the young slave girl's presence in this place. The Sultan's unspoken message
  was clear in his words to her. There must have been some fault, some minor
  word or indiscretion to condemn her. No matter what she did now, her fate was
  sealed. Once his Highness had enjoyed her attentions whilst watching the torment
  of the Englishwoman, she would be left behind&hellip; another pretty present
  for Lei Chen's devilish skills&hellip;  
'Highness,' her hands traced over the full curves of Charlotte's breasts.
  'For your delight I thought this one should feel the heat of your justice&hellip;'
  Lei Chen paused, her voice becoming softer and more eager, her fingers sliding
  down to caress the swollen lips and the soft, wet cleft of her victim's body.
  'Your Highness may recall how the General's wife entertained us for so long
  last month? How she became most sorry, most willing to do anything, anything
  at all&hellip; You found her song&hellip;arousing, I believe&hellip;'  
The Sultan nodded, his eyes gleaming with the memory and the thought of applying
  the same exquisite torture to the Englishwoman on the frame before him. 'Excellent,
  excellent, that little toy you called your scorpion  ,
  of course&hellip; let us begin at once&hellip;'  
Charlotte screamed, the firm globes bouncing and jiggling wildly as Lei Chen
  casually tugged the golden clips from her swollen teats. She paused, looking
  down at Charlotte, as she knelt against the polished yellow frame, arched back
  by her bonds, the red, swollen peaks of her breasts still jutting firmly outwards.  
She turned to the near naked figures of her assistants, Lucy and Weh Ma.
  Their eager cruelty was obvious to their Mistress's expert eye. The polished
  sheen of their bodies, the rigid nipples and the soft, rapid panting breaths
  all revealed their sexual heat.  
'Oh yes, my little ones,' she smiled, her own excitement rising as she shared
  the anticipation with them. 'It is your turn once more&hellip;fetch me the
  black box&hellip; Then you may use the ivory rod and the little tickler to
  pleasure her once more. She must be wet and fully roused for all that is to
  come &hellip;'  
The soft light from the lamps round the chamber painted the Englishwoman's,
  moist flesh with bronze highlights. Muscle and sinew stood out in hard relief
  making her seem like some pagan sacrifice. The full globes of her breasts trembled
  slightly at each shallow, panting breath whilst below the deep, hollowed arch
  of her ribs; her belly formed a taut curve down to the bulging V of her mound.  
Between her parted thighs, the soft, split bulge of Charlotte's cunt was
  quite open, the engorged lips slightly parted so the delicate pink inner folds
  of her labia and the crest of her clitoral hood, still sticky with the dew
  of her earlier climaxes, showed clearly. The young Englishwoman panted her
  breathing rapid and shallow the terror building for she knew from the way she
  was bound, exactly where the torture would be applied.  
'Lucy will use the tongue&hellip; Weh Ma, you may see how Miss Conway responds
  to that little ivory man you used earlier&hellip; now she has had a chance
  to recover&hellip;'  
The girls hurried to and fro then Charlotte grunted as she felt something
  nudging between the lips of her cunt. She knew it was the devilishly carved
  dildo that the girl had used to make her come before. Unable to do anything,
  anything at all, she moaned as she felt that slow, pleasure-pain as Weh Ma
  carefully worked the bulging helmet into the mouth of her vagina.  
'Oh, oh please, I can't not so soon , ah, aaah&hellip; AH!'    
   
Weh Ma paused, grinning up at her mistress from her crouched position at
  the side of the frame. She knew that last, sharp cry was because the ivory
  dildo's enlarged, bulbous head had just slipped into Charlotte's body. With
  her mistress's tiny nod of approval, she began twisting her wrist to and fro
  slowly, screwing the ridged shaft deeper and deeper into the Englishwoman's
  vagina. Just as she'd done before, she was making sure that each sharply raised
  carving rasped against the delicate tissues deep inside her victim's body.  
With the long ivory rod fully embedded, Weh Ma moved her position a little,
  changing hands to reach under her blonde victim so that she could continue
  to work the dildo in and out very slowly and deliberately, but leaving Charlotte's
  prominent labia and the little flesh hood quite open and untouched for Lucy's
  attention with the devilish little ivory 'tickler'.  
After a few minutes Lei Chen walked over and smoothed Charlotte's blond hair
  away from her forehead. The young Englishwoman's hips were just beginning to
  surge uncontrollably as the carved dildo moved and twisted deep inside, working
  her towards another peak of arousal. 'So nice, so full inside isn't it my darling&hellip; See
  you only have to rest for a little while and then&hellip; you're all ready
  to begin again. No, no, shhh&hellip;' She pressed her fingers over Charlotte's
  gaping mouth, silencing the feeble protest before it was even spoken. 'Let
  Lucy tickle that little nub of yours first&hellip; then you can sing your pleasure
  for us all to hear&hellip;'  
Lucy picked up the little carved wand, fitting her fingers round the handgrip
  so that the slim neck and the tiny, bulb-like head pointed upwards. Making
  sure that Charlotte could see, she moved the wet, black triangle of her own
  cache-sexe aside to slip the head of the little probe between her own labia.
  Silence fell as everyone watched the tiny, delicate movements of her wrist
  as she moved the artfully rounded head between the slippery folds to fret against
  the very centre of her clitoris.  
'Ah, ah Mistress, ah it is so goooood!' The girl bucked and jerked as she
  rode each shock of pleasure teased from her most sensitive flesh.  
'Enough&hellip; go one with your task, or need I discipline you too?'  
The Lady Lei Chen's voice brooked no argument and Lucy reluctantly pulled
  the 'tickler' free, the narrow shaft glistening wetly with her body's juices.
  Wiping beads of perspiration from her face and breasts, Lucy knelt in front
  of Charlotte's gently moving hips. She smiled as she watched Charlotte tensing
  in anticipation, before very slowly parting the hot, sticky lips and sliding
  the tiny bulb deep into the furrow of her victim's cunt.  
Deliberately teasing the blonde Englishwoman she teased the head round the
  folds of her inner lips, tickling the fold of skin at the top of her cleft
  then moving away so Charlotte  shivered and twitched
  with involuntary jolts of excitement.  Finally, with slow, delicate
  movements she worked the head under the little fleshy hood, twisting it gently
  to and fro to tease and pluck at Charlotte's clitoris directly.  
'Huh&hellip; huh&hellip; huh&hellip; huh&hellip; ah&hellip; ah&hellip; aaah&hellip; Aaaahhh&hellip; AAARRRGGGHHHH!'   
Charlotte's chanting grunts changed to a series of wild, ecstatic cries as
  the exquisite stimulation of the 'tickler', and the relentless, slow masturbation
  of the dildo, forced her to another crashing orgasm. On the couch, the Sultan's
  hips jerked in excitement as he watched the two girls wringing squeals of pleasure
  from the beautiful Englishwoman as she bucked and heaved against the straps
  holding her to the torture frame.  
'And now for my special toy&hellip;' Lei Chen's fingers continued to tease
  Charlotte's shuddering body, tickling the fine skin under each breast and gently
  scratching each swollen nipple so, although the two girls had stopped working
  on her cunt, the frantic heaving of her ribs and her broken, sobbing breaths
  went on and on. Finally, Lei Chen turned to the black and gold lacquered box
  the girls had placed in front of the bamboo frame.  
Lei Chen raised the lid and Charlotte caught the sheen of silver from two
  objects nestled in red silk lining the inside. 'Whips, needles, pincers&hellip; all
  bring the same results&hellip; be it man or woman,' Lei Chen said almost tenderly
  as she lifted one of the objects from the box. 'But sometimes one wishes to
  concentrate on the differences&hellip; especially when the seat of so much
  pleasure can bring the most exquisite pain too&hellip;'  
At first Charlotte could not make out what her tormentor was holding, then
  she cried, biting her lip and closing her eyes as the shape became clearer.
  It looked like a shell, a carapace, an elongated teardrop that ended in a thick,
  hooked shaft with a rounded end. Made of beaten silver it glittered in the
  lamplight, the three fine chains hanging from it chinking softly as Lei Chen
  turned it over in her hands.  
'No, no, please noooooo&hellip; OH GOD NO!!'    
Charlotte's head threshed from side to side, as she understood the meaning
  of the intimately hollowed shape and the raised spine of sharp, triangular
  teeth dividing the interior. 'Yes&hellip; now  you understand
  darling&hellip; my little scorpion will cup and hold your pleasure lips whilst
  this will fit inside that other mouth of yours&hellip; the one we have yet
  to explore&hellip;' Lie Chen stroked the hooked tail, a thumb's thickness at
  least, so that the young blonde could see the bulb at the end. The size of
  a small plum, it tapered to a fine tip&hellip; 'I see you understand the name&hellip; the
  shape and this tail&hellip;' Her torturer smiled coldly. 'But remember that
  scorpions can sting as well my dear&hellip;'  
She reached down to cup the hot wet lips of Charlotte's cunt, parting them
  to work her fingers deep into her body, gathering moisture that she carefully
  smeared over the inner walls of the torture cup. Charlotte's muscles locked
  in fear as Lei Chen carefully fitted the silver sheath over her bulging labia,
  teasing the sticky lips apart so the toothed inner blade slid up between them.  
'Oh, G-g-god, aaaaaah, nuh...nuh...p-please don't, please I'm so
      sore&hellip;  '  
Charlotte craned her head forwards, desperate to see what was being done
  to her as Lucy hurried to hold the sheath pressed against her groin. Lei Chen
  fed the two fine steel chains up the young blonde's thigh creases then round
  high on her hips before hooking them together in the small of her back. She
  licked her fingers and reached between Charlotte's buttocks to caress the silver
  bulb. 'And now to fill that other secret place&hellip;'  
'Aaaaah, no, not there, please not ther&hellip;AAAAHH!  
Charlotte bucked wildly as she felt the bulb against the tender rosette of
  her anus&hellip; a burning, stretching pressure&hellip; then a terrible, scraping
  fullness as the silver bulb popped through and the muscle ring clenched round
  the curved shaft. There was the soft rattle from the chain attached to the
  base of the tail and Charlotte squirmed and hissed in discomfort as it was
  drawn up into the soft crease of her buttocks. The Lady Lei Chen smiled at
  the young blonde's sudden movements&hellip; and pulled the chain tighter and
  tighter&hellip;  
'No, please noooooo, ah, ah, ah&hellip; ARRGGHHH!'  
The silver scorpion was forced tightly against her cunt as the chains dug
  into the tender skin. Each of the triangular teeth pricked the soft, sensitive
  cleft. Charlotte realised that the ones at the very front of the diabolical
  cup were longer! Stabbing pains lanced through her groin as the sadistically
  placed needle tips bit into the swollen, tender stub of her clitoris.  
At the same time, the tension forced the silver bulb, and the hooked shaft,
  deep into her rectum. Lei Chen brought a further series of anguished grunts
  from Charlotte as she patted the silver sheath now cupping the Englishwoman's
  genitals so closely. 'A perfect fit my dear&hellip; Lucy, if you would fetch
  the lamps, we can begin&hellip;'  
Enjoying the sight of the preparations before him, and the wet, slithering
  stimulation of the slave girl's agile tongue swirling round the head of his
  penis, the Sultan awaited the start of the Englishwoman's torture. Despite
  all her pleas and protests, he knew she had no real idea of the scorpion's
  true purpose&hellip; or the agony she was about to face once the little row
  of oil lamps on their carefully adjusted stand began to warm that artfully
  designed silver cup&hellip;  
'Miss Conway&hellip; I suggest you save your energy. Once Lucy has placed
  that holder in position between your legs and the lamps are lit&hellip; I assure
  you that you will need all your strength to cope with the bite of that little
  toy Lei Chen has strapped so closely to your body&hellip;'  
No words came in reply&hellip; kneeling on her bamboo frame Charlotte watched,
  wide-eyed in horror as Lucy carefully moved the black metal stand until the
  wicks of the three small oil lamps were in an exact line beneath the gleaming
  metal sheath cupping her genitals.  
'Now you may sing for us properly, my darling&hellip;' Lei Chen whispered
  from behind the kneeling figure. She stroked Charlotte's cheeks then let her
  hands trail over her shoulders to cup the soft globes, her lips just grazing
  the delicate skin behind the young blonde's left ear as both watched Weh Ma
  touch the lighted taper to the first lamp wick. 'Feel my scorpion's bite&hellip;'  
Now, the only sounds in the brightly lit chamber were Charlotte's harsh,
  racing gasps; gasps of awful anticipation as she once again craned forwards&hellip; staring
  down as though mesmerised at the three tiny golden spears of flame dancing
  and flickering between her thighs. Even as she watched, the tiny flames were
  already dimming the polished surface as they played directly on the cunningly
  shaped metal.  
'Aaah  &hellip;.' The sweat soaked hips bucked forwards
  a few inches as the first tendrils of heat began to seep through the metal.  
'Aah, ah, ah, ah, no, no, no, nooooooooo&hellip;.  '  
The bamboo frame creaked and rocked as the young blonde's movement became
  steadily more frantic. Her gasps grew louder, ringing round the chamber as
  mindless, pleading words as she fought to cope with the rising agony as the
  little flames heated the metal unbearably.  
The Sultan pressed the slave girl's head down, forcing his shaft deeper in
  his throat as the excitement of the Englishwoman's torture spurred him towards
  his climax. 'Scream for me, scream so you can tell me of your sorrow as you
  feel the fire of my vengeance!'  
Moment's later the blazing pain of the heated metal against her inner lips
  broke Charlotte's control.  
'YEEEEEEEAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!'   
The scream ripped through the stillness as the young blonde seemed to go
  mad, threshing and bucking wildly so that the torture frame creaked and groaned
  at the force of her spasms. But there was no escape, Lei Chen's assistants
  knew the scorpion's effect only to well and the straps and bindings on the
  bamboo frame held Charlotte quite secure&hellip; mounted astride the flames
  that were roasting and burning her most sensitive flesh.  
'There's more yet&hellip;' whispered Lei Chen between the shrill, animal
  noises. 'Can you feel the bulb beginning to warm up too, beginning to burn
  deep inside&hellip;?' Her fingers worked the Englishwoman's breasts, gripping
  and squeezing the already sore nipples as Lei Chen's own excitement rose.  
'Oh GOD! It burns, it BURNS please, ARRGHHH, p-p-please it's burning
      up inside me&hellip; Noooooo!'   
Lei Chen moved her hands, one continuing to twist and squeeze the peak of
  Charlotte's breast whilst the other slid between her own thighs, her fingers
  squirming and wriggling in the hot wet folds of her cunt as she felt her own
  orgasm building.  
On the edge of the central area the Sultan was arched back against the silk
  cushions as the sweating slave girl's head moved more and more rapidly as she
  worked her mouth over the full length of his phallus.  
Lei Chen's finger blurred with movement as her other hand wrenched and twisted
  the tender peak of Charlotte's breast in the jolting frenzy of her own release.
  Then, in a final spasm of excitement she reached behind the screaming, shuddering
  blonde to jerk the end of the fine chain cutting deep between her buttocks.  
Charlotte Conway's shrieks of agony became even shriller as the chain jarred
  the heated bulb against the sensitive, nerve-rich tissues of her rectum. Lifting
  her face upwards, the young English woman squealed like an animal in her agony.
  The sounds were the final trigger for her cruel, pitiless tormentors. The Sultan's
  fingers closed on the slave girl's hair, thrusting against her face as the
  jerking spasms of his own climax matched those of the Lady Lei Chen, still
  crouched over the screaming, sweat-soaked figure kneeling astride the tiny,
  torturing flames  
Trained and obedient despite their own high passion, Lucy and Weh Ma brought
  soft towels to their master and mistress, helping them to relax and recover
  from their sexual release. 'Move the lamps, Lucy&hellip;' Lei Chen whispered.
  'Let our guest rest for a moment so she can gather her strength. She will ride
  the flame many more times tonight as my scorpion teaches her proper respect
  for his Highness.'  
Charlotte was only gradually aware that the fiery torture between her thighs
  was growing less. Her head lolled against her heaving chest as she fought the
  dreadful burning pain; the blistered agony of her labia and the deeper throbbing
  fire in her anus. Despite her bonds, every tiny movement brought fresh torment
  as the hot metal of the scorpion worked against her tortured flesh.  
Long minutes passed as the Sultan sipped a cooling drink whilst the slave
  girl gently cleansed his body. Finally, he looked across at the trembling,
  pain-wracked figure on the frame. 'Now, Miss Conway, let us start again&hellip; as
  I remember the effect is much more immediate the second time&hellip;'  
Charlotte Conway was gasping and pleading even before Weh Ma had moved the
  little lamps back between her splayed thighs. The young blonde Englishwoman's
  eyes bulged in horror as she stared down at the tiny yellow flames&hellip; each
  one again flickering and dancing against the soot-blackened curve of metal
  chained so tightly against the raw, tortured flesh of her genitals... Moments
  later, she arched back and another wordless scream echoed round the stone chamber.
  On the couch the Sultan smiled, drinking in Charlotte's agonised cries as the
  warm, wet velvet of the slave girl's mouth began to rouse him to full hardness
  once more.  
Cortez  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





