BDSM Library - Why Not




Why Not
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A nice wife goes bad! She gets sadistic, he has no balls to leave...WHY NOT   
   
   
BY M.M  .  
Three days ago, my boss simply forced me to go on a vacation; my company
  was doing so well, none of us had more then two weeks of vacation in last two
  years. I wasn't complaining; I loved to work, especially since business went
  so well. Fiona, my wife, she also worked, so, for the last three days I was
  just resting and hanging out with guys. Yesterday we had a farewell party for
  Nick, down at the club we use to go. He was leaving for Europe for two years;
  he had to go to manage a branch office of his company in France. I came home
  early this morning pretty stoned, so my head was killing me; I was never good
  with booze. I called Fiona at the office to ask her where she kept the medicine;
  I don't usually use any tablets so I didn't know where to find any. "Hi Fi,
  it's me." "Oh, hi baby, what's up? Why don't you sleep, sweetie, you came very
  late last night, didn't you?" "More like very early this morning" I said, "Look,
  my head is falling apart; I need to know where you keep the tablets, I am dying
  for one." "Oh sure&hellip;poor thing; open my closet and you will see that
  black suede purse I have; inside you should find some aspirin. I, usually always
  have few in my purse." "Ok, great, thanks honey&hellip;I'll go and check. By
  the way, what time will you be at home? I'll cook something nice for you." "That's
  great, around five I think, if I don't get hold up, but I shouldn't, though." "Ok
  then, see you at five" and I hung up. I went to the closet and I found the
  purse; it was rather big, she liked big purses. I opened the purse and reached
  inside but there were too many things in, so I just took it to the bed and
  I just dumped everything out. I could never understand how she could carry
  all those things; it all seemed useless to me. She had two pairs of sunglasses,
  two packets of new pantyhose, few lipsticks, perfume, some papers, few lighters,
  calculator and two magazines. I found the tablets and I ran to the kitchen
  to take one when phone rang; It was my wife, "Hey Denis, I just remembered;
  I don't think I have any tablets left in the purse, you should check in the
  living room at&hellip;" but I interrupted her, "No, it's fine, I found them
  already, you have one completely new pack in that purse." "Aha&hellip;ok then" she
  sounded kind of quiet, "Ok, I got to go now&hellip;bye" and she hung up. I
  went back to the room to put all that back in the closet and I almost didn't
  notice those two magazines; first I saw one called "The woman" and I didn't
  pay much attention to it. However, the other one got my attention; it was called "FemSupreme".
  The title didn't do it, but the picture did; there was a very good-looking
  girl on the cover, looking really dangerous and holding a whip in her hands.
  'What's this?' I thought, so I sat down and began to turn the pages. This paper
  was all about women which were dominant over men; it contained variety of articles
  like stories, letters, questions which were answered by some other women, picture
  of different sexual toys and aids, instructions for women how to reveal their
  dominant side and many more&hellip;  
I saw plenty of these magazines at the kiosk where I bought my papers but
  I never expected to find it in my wife's purse. Maybe it didn't belong to her;
  maybe she bought it for someone else. 'Who am I kidding? Bought for whom?'
  I thought; I was wondering if my wife was interested in all that; she never
  exhibited any of such intentions or wishes. Our sex life was great; she knew
  I would experiment with almost anything if she wanted me to. 'Maybe she has
  a lover! Damn, that's impossible, we are together most of the time&hellip;no,
  I know she loves me too much, that's not it.' I had million of thoughts running
  thru my head; I didn't know what to do, 'maybe I should just pretend like I
  never saw this paper&hellip;no, she'll probably know, she's not stupid. Or
  maybe I should just come out clean and ask her, but that would put us in a
  really stupid situation. I know&hellip;I should lead her to expose her self,
  that's what I have to do, but how&hellip;I had no clue how to do so.' And suddenly
  something crossed my mind; 'Nick's wife is a psychologist; the only thing I
  have to do is to pay her a visit, she'll probably have some explanation for
  me.' I got dressed and went to see Sheila; her office was at the other part
  of town, so I drove there with my car.  
After I explained her everything she laughed at me first and then she said, "Look
  Denis, it's no big deal, ok. I don't know if your wife has any secrets or not,
  but even if she does, you can still profit from all of it. Usually, when a
  woman is able to express and fulfill her fantasies, she is 100% better in sex.
  If she is what you think she might be, I suggest that you help her to express
  those feelings, I promise you, and she'll reward you generously. But, you have
  to do that real slow; don't come down on her with pressure; she might get scared
  and then you can throw it all down the drain." So, I went home to figure out
  what to do next. I decided to act like I never saw that paper and I was thinking
  which is the best way to play. I took the paper again and red some more from
  it; after some time I had a picture in my head, the problem was, this contained
  plenty of different things these women were into and I didn't know what it
  that gave my Fi a kick was. Anyway, I had a plan.  
I went to the kitchen and got down to work; I am a very good cook so I decided
  to make some special food today. By four o clock I was already down; I had
  plenty of food prepared, I fixed the table with candles and all that, bought
  some champagne and made her favorite cake "Vienna". Just before five I put
  on an apron and went to the hallway to wash the floor. When Fi came home, she
  found me on my knees, wiping the floor in hallway. She was stunned; she couldn't
  understand what I was doing, "Denis, what are you doing?" She stood right in
  front of me, "Cleaning the floor, darling" I replied. "But, what&hellip;" she
  didn't finish; she was just staring down at me. I lifted my head and looked
  at my wife; I was a very lucky guy, she was gorgeous. She had a figure of a
  model; long and beautiful legs, curly black hair and body of a goddess. She
  wore a mini skirt and high heels and a very tight shirt under the coat; she
  was simply irresistible. She finally gathered her thoughts and asked, "Why,
  in god's name, are you cleaning the floor Denis? You are on vacation, remember.
  As I remember, we do have a housekeeper, don't we? Also, you said you would
  prepare some dinner."  
"Yes, but I was just bored, you know&hellip;and the food is already done,
  don't worry." She must have thought that I lost my mind, somehow. 'I was bored
  so I decided to clean the floor'; I knew she wasn't buying it.  
"What about your head? Still aches?" "No, its fine now, I took two of your
  aspirins" She was looking at me like she was saying, 'and you probably found
  my magazines', but I intercepted that, "those were in that small pocket at
  the side." I thought I saw a relief on her face. Now, I had to start playing
  my part, "So, how was your day at work; are you tired?" "Oh yeah, I am beat&hellip;fortunately,
  tomorrow is Saturday, so I don't have to go there." I grabbed her hand, pulled
  her closer and kissed her. "Poor thing&hellip;come!" I took her coat off and
  brought her to the living room, "Sit down honey, and let me take those shoes
  off for you." She was really surprised; I was always mindful with her as I
  loved her very much, but this was the first time I took her shoes off. "Ts,
  ts&hellip;wait, I'll do better than that; just wait here for me." I went to
  the bathroom, took some warm water into one bucket, one towel, some liquid
  soap, a sponge and some body lotion. I saw her eyes wide open when I came back, "What&hellip;?" she
  never finished. I kneeled in front of her feet and said, "Just relax, and let
  Denis take care of you, ok. Could you just take off those pantyhose for me?" And
  when she did, I took her right foot in my hand and began to rub it gently with
  that sponge, soaked with water. I applied some soap and just caressed her foot
  with it. I washed the soap away, dried her foot with a towel and repeated the
  process with her left foot. Later, I took that lotion and used it for a foot
  massage, "You know&hellip;I never said it before, but&hellip;you have really
  beautiful feet," I said. And she did; frankly, I never noticed it before, but
  she had very pretty feet, very nicely shaped and rather small. "Really?" she
  asked, "I always thought they are too big." "No, not at all&hellip;don't be
  silly; they look great" I saw that she became restless a little as I was caressing
  her feet; I figured all this must have excited her. "You are kind of strange
  tonight Denis. Something happened?" She was still suspicious about those magazines, "No,
  I just love you so much, baby, that's all."  
"Hmm&hellip;so you like my feet? How come you never said that before?" She
  began to be curious now, "I don't know, I like every inch of you, you know
  that&hellip;and those" I nodded my head towards her feet, "those look really
  delicious." "Delicious? What do you mean, what kind of expression is that for
  feet?" "I don't know; it just came out. Why are you so edgy about this? Do
  you want me to stop?" "No, I am sorry&hellip;I guess I am just tensed a little." "So
  relax, ok&hellip;I told you to relax." "Yeah, you're right, I am sorry." "That's
  ok, no need to apologize. Look, I damaged your nail polish with this sponge;
  I'll fix that right away." I got up very quickly and went to the bedroom; she
  tried to stop me but I was faster. I came back with bottle of red polish and
  said, "Now be very still, ok." "Come on, you don't have to do that, I will&hellip;" but
  I interrupted again, "Relax, will you. Just be still, ok." I managed to make
  her so confused; she had her eyes and mouth wide open. I looked at her and
  asked, "What?" "Nothing, you're just so different tonight; if you wanted to
  confuse me, well&hellip;you did." I didn't say anything to that; I just kept
  polishing her toenails.  
Once I finished, I bowed my head down and said, "I should blow a little,
  just to dry that polish, quicker." I came really close to her feet with my
  lips and began to blow gently. My lips were so close; I almost touched her
  foot with them. I knew then that she was turned on; she began to breath deep.
  I looked up at her; she was swallowing. "Ok, we're done" I said, got up quickly
  and left with all the things I brought earlier.  
We had dinner; she was trilled with it. Later, we drank some champagne and
  went to bed. We made love four times; she was very hot and I did my best to
  increase that. We both were a little drunk; that was what made it even better.  
We woke around eleven and she made some breakfast. "Last night was incredible,
  honey" she said, "you should go on vacation more often." "Yes, I really should,
  shouldn't I?" "And&hellip;that tongue work, what was that all about? I thought
  I'll go crazy, you were never so&hellip;so great with it, before. I don't even
  remember all the places you&hellip;, you know." I just smiled at her and she
  got up and came to me; she kissed me very passionately and said, "I love you
  so much." "I love you, too, baby" I replied. That damn Sheila was right. Just
  messing with her feet made my wife hot and wild; I dint know how far would
  we go with this, but I didn't care at the time. "What do you say we go out
  this evening but little earlier; we can walk the city a bit and then go for
  a dinner somewhere. After that, whatever comes our way, ha?" "I think that's
  a great idea" she replied, "what are we going to do in between?" she asked,
  then. "We can always go to bed and&hellip;" I didn't finish my sentence when
  she grabbed m hand, pulled me up and said, "Come on!" she led me straight to
  the bedroom.  
We went out around 1600; we took the cab because neither of us wanted to
  drive back home. We sat in a caf&eacute; downtown and had a really good cappuccino. "I
  need to buy something; can you stand 15 minutes of shopping with me?" she knew
  I wasn't really into spending time around the stores, "I know exactly what
  I need, so it won't take much time." "Sure, no problem; we better go then because
  today is Saturday and stores will be closed, soon." So we went and after some
  ten minutes we were in one store of women's underwear. "You just sit tight;
  I'll finish this in a second" she said but I had a better idea, "Look, why
  don't I just wait for you outside; I have to wait anyway, outside I can have
  a smoke while you are shopping." "Ok" she said and turned around. I went outside,
  lit a cigarette and waited. After a while I noticed a sex shop some 150 feet
  down the street, so I went over there to take a look. I stood in front of the
  window and just looked at all the things they had exposed. The window was full
  with all kinds of stuff: magazines, video tapes, lubricants, sexy underwear,
  dildos, kinky footwear, whips and many other toys.  
 damn, I didn't want to say that  .' "Just put it back,
  ok&hellip;" and she gave me the cane. She sat down, took those boots off and
  said, "Come on, let's go, that was enough."  
We went out and directly to a restaurant; we had a nice Italian meal and
  went back home as there was nothing special going on at the town.  
It was still early so we crushed on a couch at the living room; she turned
  the TV on but I was completely uninterested in watching television; I was thinking
  what to do next to provoke my wife some more. "What is it, honey; you are not
  interested in television? I can turn it off if you want." I suddenly turned
  to her, "Hey, you know what, maybe I could run to the video store and rent
  a porno movie; we haven't see one for years, we use to, remember?" "Yeah, if
  you like we can do that, get a little hot&hellip;" she smiled wickedly. I went
  to the store and came back after almost one hour; she asked what took me so
  long and I said I had to choose one.  
 damn, you're leading me on again, aren't you  '. She
  wanted to say something more but I was quicker, "I knew that."  
"How&hellip;how could you know, ha?" she was all-defensive. "I guess I just
  guessed." I poured her fourth glass of champagne and after that one I went
  for another bottle. She was pretty dazed then so I just opened it and put it
  on the table; I knew that if she takes it and fill her glass that we are in
  the business. And so, she did, just few minutes later, "So, hon&hellip;what
  are we going to do? Do you feel kinky, maybe?" I asked and she came in quickly, "Mmm&hellip;maybe
  a little, do you?" "Lets see&hellip;maybe you would like me, you little husband,
  to turn to a slave to his pretty wife, ha?" she just smiled and said, "That
  doesn't sound bad. But we have no experience in this; what shall we do?" she
  grabbed me between my legs and squeezed a little, "We can start gaining some,
  now. Let's see if we can dress you up somehow." I stood up and pulled her up,
  too. I led her to her closet and I opened it, "Hmm, lets see&hellip;" I took
  out one black mini skirt she had and one white shirt, "put this on you and
  then come back." She didn't say a word but immediately started to undress.
  I went out to her she closet and took some black sandals with high heels. "Put
  these on, too, I'll be in the bedroom" and I left.  
She came after 5 minutes all dressed up; she put on some new make up, too.
  She stood in the middle of the room and said, "Is this that you wanted?" "Oh
  yes&hellip;you look ravishing, darling." she just smiled like she said, ' I
  know  '. I took off all of my clothes and said, "Why don't you just
  sit over there" I pointed to a chair in the corner. "Ok" she said and sat down.
  I went down on my knees and began to crawl towards her, but slowly; I watched
  her as she was all getting excited. I came closer and said, "What can I do
  for you, Ma'am?" she was a little confused but she quickly got clear again, "hmm&hellip;I
  don't know, maybe you could kiss my feet for starters?", "As you wish." I bowed
  my head down and kissed her right foot, several times, gently. "That's nice" she
  said, I took out my tongue and began to lick the top of her foot, "you have
  such a great feet Ma'am." She didn't reply; she was too occupied with her growing
  excitement to even think about what I said. "The other one, please" she said
  after a minute or two. "No, no&hellip;that's not good" I said, "you shouldn't
  be asking me; you should request it, order it to me." She looked at me and
  said, "Ok. Lick my right foot, now!" she even raised her voice a little. "Yes
  ma'am" I said and began to lick.  
She was now excited like hell; she became restless and began to breathe hard,
  and I have to say, I wasn't completely cold, either.  
"May I take your shoe off, Ma'am?" I asked her, "Ok, you may." I removed
  her shoe, took her foot into my hand and began to suck her toes, one by one.
  I could hear her began to moan silently; I looked up at her; she was swallowing
  heavily and she licked her lips few times. I then took two of her toes in my
  mouth, then three, and then all five. I felt her pushing her foot inside my
  mouth deeper. I took out her foot, and licked her sole few times, very slowly,
  from her heel to her toes. I put on her shoe and repeated the process with
  her other foot. I wanted to see my wife's panties; I knew those were completely
  wet.  
"What else can I do for you?" I asked her keeping my head down like a real
  humble servant. "Hmm&hellip;I don't know maybe you could just fuck me, now." "Yes
  Ma'am." I stood up and we went to the bedroom. "I came closer and said, "Would
  you like to tie me up, maybe?" She looked at me again like she was surprised. "Well&hellip;ok,
  I'll just bring&hellip;" but I interrupted her, "I'll bring for you, whatever
  you want." "Ok, bring me something to tie you up." I went to bring four belts;
  I had plenty belts so I picked four and came back. I lay down on the bed and
  stretched my self. "No, lay down on your stomach, first!", "As you wish". She
  took the belts and began to tie my hands and legs to the bed rail; at that
  time she wasn't ashamed of anything, anymore; I could tell by the look on her
  face. "Ok, that's it, can you move?" I could a little but she did a good job. "I
  suppose that you thought that I would just jump on you and fuck you; you were
  wrong. First I want to do something." She went to the closet and came back
  with a 'WHIP'????  
For an hour or so she was just toying and teasing me and then, as she thought
  it was enough for the morning, we stopped. She slipped into some normal house
  clothes and we went to the living room. "By the end of these three days, you'll
  beg me to forgive you for not saying that you'll always love me" she said once
  we sat at the table. "Yes&hellip;well, that's what I wanted to tell you when
  I rushed to the bedroom after you; I wanted to say I am sorry for acting like
  that. You know I love you very much&hellip;I always will and, even you can't
  do anything to change that." She just watched me for a while like she was thinking
  whether to ask me what she had in mind or not, so after a while, "You mean,
  even if I...lets say, hurt you a little more severely, you'll still love me?" I
  didn't like the sound of that so I said, "I don't know, depends how much, I
  guess" I leaned closer to her and said, "Why? Do you want to hurt me? Maybe
  I should ask myself if you still love me, ha." I saw by the expression on her
  face she didn't like her own thoughts, "No, no&hellip;I just thought if I maybe&hellip;let's
  say, get carried away a little and do something I usually wouldn't; you know,
  just by accident", "Well&hellip;don't get carried away, it's simple as that;
  if you cannot control it then we'll stop right now." She leaned closer and
  said softly, "You still owe me two days" and finished with a wicked grin on
  her face. There was nothing I could do but to say, "Two and a half&hellip;well
  a little more then that."  
' Let's just see how things develop'   I thought, 'It
      could turn out to be fun after all'  &hellip;..  
6 months later   
Minutes seemed like hours, hours long as days, and days&hellip;I lost count
  of the days; maybe it was two weeks, maybe two and a half. The "shit-hole",
  as she likes to call our cellar was cold and wet; it wasn't empty but still
  it seemed so. All the things we kept inside I had to move up to the attic so
  her playroom could serve for only one purpose: to become my home. When she
  was arranging it she seemed handier then me with different house tools; drilling
  walls to fit chains and shackles, tooling wood to make different kinds of devices
  for things only she knew the purpose for and, finally, a weight scale. "Next
  time you'll see the daylight is when you loose 35 pounds" she said; I had only
  170 and I knew I wasn't fat or anything so I didn't understand what she wanted.
  At the same time I noticed how she grew stronger; I knew she was working out
  more then usual at the gym.  
She made me even quit my job so she could have me any time she wanted; as
  she had a good job and with her fathers money, it was more then enough for
  us and I really never had to work but I liked working. Finally, she knew I
  couldn't leave as I had a big loan and a mortgage to pay off so she paid monthly
  installments instead. But, above all things that happened during last three
  months, only one thought scared me like hell; I knew I could take anything
  but I could never deal with her bringing someone else, some other man to our
  house to fulfill her desires one way or another. She never did such thing,
  nor did she ever even show a smallest sign that I wasn't enough. What I couldn't
  understand was her constant repeating how she loved me very much, even after
  worst beatings I received.  
Red, smothered light was the only thing that helped me to see in my dungeon
  during day and while I was alone; the dimmer was outside so, every time she
  was in with me, she'd lit it up.  
Finally, after who knows how long, I weighted 135 pounds; I couldn't see
  myself but I began to feel my bones under my skin. Bread, water, boiled food
  only and some vitamin tablets was the only thing she fed me with for long time;
  everything else was in order, my toilet and my bed were fine and I kept them
  neat. I felt ok but my whole strength disappeared somewhere inside this dungeon.
  By this time she had hundreds of toys and dozens of different outfits; she
  placed two cameras on opposite corners of the ceiling but she wasn't really
  watching me; she was recording every session we had and then, she'd watch it
  when she felt like it.  
Those were the worst times; sometimes, after watching a recorded session,
  she'd come down and, "Go over to the cross!" the wooden X shaped cross secured
  to the wall: she tied me to it and, "Oh baby&hellip;you know how much I love
  you, don't you? I am really sorry but I feel kind of sadistic tonight and&hellip;well,
  I need you to suffer for me, please." With those kinds of words I knew she
  was still at some moderate level of cruelty but sometimes she wouldn't say
  a word; she'd just blaze in and start hitting me in whatever way she could
  come up with. By then she was much stronger then I was, let alone that I was
  firmly shackled to a long chain, therefore limited to defend myself.  
"Let's see the progress" she said and pointed to the scale; once I was on
  it she said, "Yes, that's it&hellip;135 pounds" then she moved away a little
  and examined me swiftly, "Good, that's the way I want you, light as a feather.
  This way you cannot resist me" she smiled wickedly and said, "When I come to
  think of it, you never could, could you? That's why I love you so much" she
  came closer to me and whispered, "And I also like to hear from you how much
  you love me, you know that." I wasn't sure what kind of feelings I had for
  her in those moments but I knew better then to piss her off so I'd say, "Of
  course Fiona, you know I love you" and right there I made a mistake. She moved
  away, put a serious look on her face and said, "What did I tell you to call
  me while we are in here, ha!?" "Yes, yes&hellip;I know, I am sorry&hellip;I
  made a mistake&hellip;forgive me, please" but it was too late&hellip;every
  time.  
"Kneel bitch! On the floor!" and I obeyed, "Now, crawl over to the closet
  and bring me&hellip;bring me my ' Satania's  '",
  my blood froze when I heard that name. She had names for almost all of her
  equipment, especially footwear, "No, please no&hellip;not them Mistress". She
  came to me quickly, swung her right hand and her fist landed right on my temple;
  as I fell to the floor, like in haze I heard her yell, "SHUT UP AND OBEY, DOG!" I
  knew I should because it could get worst; those boots were made for killing,
  7" heels with brass spikes that she sharpened herself even more; 3" thick soles
  that can crush a stone, let alone some of my bones. I knew I was fucked and,
  the only thing I could do was to play along and get fucked as less as possible.  
I took the boots from the closet and crawled back to the chair where she
  sat, "Good&hellip;take off my pumps and put the boots on. Buckle them nice
  and tight" so I began my work hoping that she'd calm down until I finish with
  all those buckles.  
Once I was done she moved them on the floor a little to see how they fit;
  she grabbed my hair and said, "Come!"  
She pulled me across the cellar until we reached the table, below which,
  were 4 equally pinned shackles, "Stretch yourself there!" she pointed to the
  space between shackles. Once I did she locked my wrists and ankles to the shackles;
  those were distributed so precisely that my body was all tensed while I was
  shackled to the floor. She stood above me, each leg on one of my sides; she
  looked down at me with fire in her eyes; I took a glance at those devious looking
  heels standing by beside me and remembered my last encounter with them; I was
  horrified as I could never anticipate what exactly and to what extent she'd
  do to me.  
She placed the tip of her right boot sole on my forehead and said, "Stick
  your tongue out and lick the tip of my heel!" I obeyed and, as I passed my
  tongue over her heel, I had to do it softly so I wouldn't cut my tongue on
  it. She moved it away and placed it atop of my chest; then she began to add
  some pressure to it and soon, she was leaning on her right leg. I wasn't supposed
  to make any sounds; I knew that so I gave my best to endure as much as I could.
  After a while her left leg found its place on my chest too so she was standing
  with her full weight on top of me. Little drops of blood began to appear at
  the spots where her heels were; we both knew if she'd move her body a little
  her heels would penetrate my flesh instantly. "I could easily take your life
  with these" she, proudly said the words I've heard before, and lifted one leg
  in the air just to land it again a little lower towards my stomach. Then the
  other leg followed as she began to slowly move downwards; each step left a
  bruise on my skin and, as hard as she tried, she couldn't avoid hurting me
  with those heels. At one moment she moved a little quicker and stepped at the
  edge of my torso; her leg slipped down to the floor and she almost lost her
  balance; at the same time, her heel ripped my skin deep and I yelled 'AAHHHH!'  
She looked at me and said, "Who said you can yell?" I wanted to say something
  but she was quicker; in an instant she was back on top of my chest, her heels
  digging into me. She never saw that bruise as she always used to not notice
  anything while she was in this kind of mood; I saw her lifting her right leg
  in the air and, as she stood on her left only, I gasped for air, "I can't breathe&hellip;" I
  said; she never replied to that, instead, her boot came down hard and collided
  with my mouth. My lower lip began to bleed but she didn't move her boot; instead,
  she twisted it around my mouth like she was putting out a cigarette stub. She
  lifted her other leg in the air, leaned completely on my mouth and balanced
  like that for a while; I thought my head would explode. I knew then she lost
  it; I could always tell the exact moment she lost control. She moved away from
  my face just to start walking all over my body; she didn't pay much attention
  to the bruises she made with each step. I began to squeak and gasp for the
  air with every step she made but, not even that bothered her anymore; after
  several minutes of such torment she stepped off on the floor and looked at
  me; she was excited, her breaths were deep and the sight of dozens of bruises
  on my body excited her even more. She straddled me and squatted down above
  my chest; her hand passed across my lip to collect some blood; as she licked
  it from her hand she said, "I love the smell of it&hellip;the taste", she grabbed
  my face with both of her hands and gazed at my eyes; after maybe 15 seconds
  she said, "One day I might not be able to stop myself&hellip;maybe you should
  give it a thought." She always used to say different things, but those words
  I've heard for the first time then and, somehow, it sounded different; it scared
  me much more then usual.  
She stood up, looked down on me and said, "There was something you said earlier
  that made me tremble out of excitement", her voice was soft but determined, "I
  think you deserve some pussy, don't you?" that wasn't really a question; I
  knew I was supposed to keep quiet. She moved around to unlock the shackles
  and, when she was done, she said, "Stand up and go over to the bed!"  
I obeyed as I always do and she told me to lie down on my back. As everything
  else in this cellar, the bed had four shackles, too, each for one of my wrists
  and ankles. She secured them around my extremities and I was again completely
  immobilized, "You just wait, I have to bring something I am missing in here",
  she turned around and as she walked away she mumbled to herself 'I though I
  had everything by now&hellip;some things are always missing'.  
Before she left, she took off her boots and put the pumps again; it took
  her about 10 minutes to come back. I wanted to see what it was that she went
  to fetch but there was nothing to see; she went to the bed top and hid something
  below the mattress. I was curious to see what it was but still wiser enough
  not to ask.  
She climbed on the bed and stood above me; she removed her shoes and quickly
  placed one of her feet near my mouth, "Lick it!" she ordered so I stuck my
  tongue out and began to lick her foot sole thoroughly. "Come on, I know you
  like it. I want to see that dick of yours up", she knew it would work for me
  and my penis began to erect slowly. After some time she moved forward and just
  landed her cunt on my face, "Lick it&hellip;lick my ass!" My face disappeared
  beneath her bottom; I licked her asshole as she rubbed her pussy all over my
  nose. Soon, my whole face was covered with her juices; she got so hot and horny
  she began to jump up and down on my face; she almost came, but managed to stop
  her self in time. She turned around to check on my cock; it was standing proud
  and hard in the air, "Gooood, that's it", swiftly she moved away just to position
  herself above my penis. Those were nice times for me; since she began to enjoy
  her own cruelty too much, rarely I had such opportunity to eat her pussy and
  get fucked later on. Slowly, she slid on my shaft and began to move in ecliptic
  motion, "I will allow you to come today&hellip;I want you to come for me&hellip;mmmhh,
  yes" she began to increase the pace, "You like me fucking you, don't you? Ooohhh,
  I know you do&hellip;god." It felt great, finally I was getting some sex, "But
  you have to&hellip;oh, yes&hellip;tell me before you come, understand? I need
  to know", "Yes mistress" I replied after a long time, "Thank you" I said as
  I wanted to get her in some nicer mood. Soon, I forgot all about the bruises
  on my body as I was in ecstasy; she was fucking me good, she knew her business.  
I saw how she was holding back; she could have come at least 5 times until
  then but she wouldn't. I was getting close, too; my muscles began to harden
  as I felt blood rushing thru my stomach down to my groin, "I am close&hellip;very
  close" I said, "Yes&hellip;really?" she asked to be sure, "Yes mistress&hellip;ooohhh&hellip;so
  close"; I was ready to shoot my load and, in all that ecstasy I closed my eyes;
  I felt her moving forward as she decreased the pace a bit, but she never stopped.
  I dint know what she was doing and I didn't care; I just wanted to come. As
  I was at the edge I felt her pulling something over my head; I opened my eyes
  and I realized she pulled a thick transparent plastic bag over my head; instantly,
  I freaked out, "NOO!" I yelled, but she just gathered the bag opening in her
  fist and around my neck and tied it up. In panic, I began to breathe faster
  so the air inside was gone in an instant; I heard her say, "Either you come
  this way; either you don't come at all&hellip;EVER!" I haven't lost my erection
  but I wasn't feeling like coming anymore; I tried to breathe but I just sucked
  on that plastic with my mouth; the air was all gone, "COME ON, SPURT YOU BITCH!" she
  was yelling, "YOU CAN DO IT, COME ON!" She increased the pace again to help
  me come but her grip on that bag wasn't slacking one bit. I tried to concentrate
  very hard and, after a little while, I felt my sperm running out; as she felt
  the hot liquid inside her she went orgasmic; her muscles gripped around my
  shaft and her hips clinched my body. Her orgasm lasted so long, it seemed like
  minutes; she never let go of that bag and I began to faint. Soon, everything
  went black in front of my eyes and I couldn't feel a thing.  
When she woke me up with few slaps on my cheeks, I had trouble remembering
  what happened; as it came back to me I almost began to cry like a baby, "Darling,
  don't be afraid" I heard her saying, "I just wanted to see if you could do
  it under that kind of pressure." I was still tied to the bed and she bowed
  down; I felt her warm lips touching mine and then she said, "You gave me an
  orgasm like never before&hellip;I am so grateful that I decided to let you
  out of the shit-hole but you must behave."  
She unlocked those shackles and left; at the stairs she said, "Come on, get
  you act together and come out; you deserve some sunlight."  
The most amazing thing was how Fiona changed like a chameleon depending on
  her whereabouts; a cruel and merciless torturess that she was, while inside
  that cellar, would swiftly change into a caring and loving wife in our living
  room, ready to do almost anything for her husband. I knew I could talk and
  act casual without any fears she might abuse me in any way while we were up.
  After I spent some time mending the wounds she caused with her heels, I went
  out to our garden; I sat down by the table and soon, she joined me, too, carrying
  two cans of beer. "I'll make you a special meal tonight" she said, "something
  you like the most."  
While she was at it, I spent time just resting and trying to figure out how
  to bring my wife back. I wanted my gentle and kind Fiona back; Fiona that I
  married once. I wanted her to forget all about her sadistic games, to forget
  that we even had a cellar. But deep down, I had strong doubts that it was possible;
  she changed too much and I didn't know the way to bring her back.  
Whatever she was preparing smelled great; I wanted to take a look at the
  food but, when I got in the kitchen, she wasn't there. I heard her talking
  to someone on the phone from our bedroom; I didn't want to spy on her but,
  few of her words that I overheard, got my attention. Silently, I came closer
  to the door and listened for a while, "I know, it's really weird&hellip;I can't
  explain it" she'd say a sentence or two then paused to listen what other person
  on the phone was saying to her, "I don't know, maybe&hellip;yes, yes, of course
  you're right" she continued, "Of course I'll be careful, don't worry" she paused
  for a little longer and then, "No, not really&hellip;I mean, the act itself
  turns me on, but the fact that I did it&hellip;that's the greatest turn on
  for me&hellip;I felt so much power at that moment, I don't know how to explain
  it in any other way." I felt that she'd hang up soon, so I walked away as I
  didn't want her to find me standing behind the door. I had no idea what she
  was talking about, or with whom on the phone, but I had a feeling it wasn't
  just some ordinary, every-day chat.  
Dinner was great; she outworked her own cooking skills with several different
  dishes and a desert. After dinner we just sat by the table and had some wine;
  I wanted to talk to her about what I was trying to figure out earlier; how
  to end those, already dangerous, games. She sensed something was going on so
  she asked me, "You're so quiet; is there anything you want to talk about?" I
  hesitated because, even though, she was a woman, I felt her power; I knew I
  wouldn't be able to overpower her even if we would get into a physical struggle
  and that was something I wanted to avoid at any cost. After some time I decided
  to speak, "Yes, there is something; you see, several months ago, when we&hellip;when
  I suggested that we could&hellip;" I stopped as I felt insecure but she said, "Go
  on, and tell me." "Well, I just didn't expect it to get so extreme and, and&hellip;painful&hellip;you
  know what I mean", at first she acted like she didn't know what I was talking
  about so she said, "You mean?" at the same time pointing her head towards the
  cellar door.  
"Yes, yes, that's what I mean", I stopped for a while and said, "You're really
  hurting me sometimes&hellip;badly&hellip;I don't know if I'll be able to take
  it much longer." Suddenly, she stood up and walked quickly towards me, around
  the table; at that moment, seeing her coming towards me like that, I realized
  how frightened I was; instantly I said, "Please, don't&hellip;" She burst into
  laughter and, after she sat on the chair beside me she said, "You really are
  scared of me, aren't you? Poor darling, I really did fuck with your mind for
  the past few months, haven't I?" She took the bottle to pour me some more wine
  but it was empty; she rose and said, "I'll be right back!" After a while she
  came back with another opened bottle, poured some wine into my glass and sat
  down again, "Ok, maybe you're right; we should probably quit all this&hellip;I
  seem to loose control sometimes and I realize I am getting dangerous", I couldn't
  believe my ears as I wasn't expecting it to be so easy. She smiled at me, caressed
  my cheek with her hand and, softly kissed me on my forehead. She stood up and
  began to collect the dishes from the table; I felt so relieved it made me dizzy.
  As she walked away; I took that glass of wine and emptied it to the bottom.
  I just leaned back and relaxed; I almost forgot how it felt to be relaxed.
  Few minutes passed and I began to feel sleepy; my eyelids became very heavy
  and I though it came from such sudden relief; I was wrong. She came behind
  me, leaned close to my head and said, "Did you really think I'd give up on
  my highest pleasures so easily?" her voice was calm and soft but still, it
  froze my blood; I turned around towards her to say something but whole room
  began to spin. Last thing I heard was her saying with elevated tone of voice, "God,
  how stupid can you be!" I saw her moving away and raising her hand; her fist
  landed on my left temple and I flew off the chair right on the floor.  
I don't know how much time passed until I woke up but, as I was again in
  the cellar, tied to that cross with my face to the wall, it had to be at least
  an hour since she drugged me. I still felt so groggy, but the uncomfortable
  position that I was at, woke me up.  
I tried to turn around a bit to see if she was in; once I saw that I was
  alone I felt kind of relieved, although, I knew it wouldn't last long. I was
  right; after maybe 15 minutes I heard the door creak and my wife's footsteps
  coming closer. She didn't say anything, instead, she came behind me, grabbed
  my hair, pulled my head backwards and shoved a gag in my mouth. Once she buckled
  it at the back of my head, she went to the closet on the other side of the
  cellar. I heard her coming back slowly and, as she let the whip fall on the
  ground, I froze. "Haven't you studied mathematics?" she asked but she was really
  talking to herself only, "Equasions my dear, equasions&hellip;", she came closer
  and continued, "Pissed off equals pain&hellip;and you did piss me off earlier,
  so&hellip;" then I heard her moving away again. I knew what was coming and
  I tried to say something but, the only sound I could make thru that gag was
  something like 'mmmggh'. "Oh, don't bother" she said, "there's nothing you
  can do or say to stop me now&hellip;even if you could." 'SWIISSS' her whip
  flew thru the air and landed on my back, hard; then another lash hit the back
  of my legs, then another one across my back and my neck. Those first three
  were so strong and painful that my whole body was aching; I almost didn't feel
  the next three. Each one opened a bleeding crack in my skin; she stopped once
  there was no sound place to land her whip. She came closer and said calmly, "Tonigh,
  my dear, I'll make you beg me, to end your suffering." The pain was so intense,
  I couldn't concentrate; I saw that the floor was covered with big plastic sheet
  but I had no idea what that was for. Before I managed to gather my thoughts
  together, she disappeared; my breathing was heavy and I felt so weak. She came
  back after few minutes; I didn't know what she was doing, I just felt her hand
  passing all over my back; in few seconds my back began to burn like hell. I
  wanted to scream but the gag prevented me from doing so; she rubbed salt all
  over my wounds and I felt it penetrating in, like thousands of tiny needles.
  She squatted down and released the bounds from my ankles; she did the same
  with my wrists but I couldn't keep myself up; instead, I just fell on the floor.
  Quickly, she turned me aside, placed handcuffs on my wrists and let me fall
  on my back again, "Stand up!" she commanded. I curled aside at first, and then
  managed to get on my knees with my face still down on the plastic; as I began
  to pull myself up she swung her right leg and hit me on my side. I fell down
  again and she yelled, "I SAID, STAND UP&hellip;YOU PIECE OF SHIT!" I waved
  my head a little; I didn't know what I wanted to show her that way, ' I
  can't  ' or maybe ' Please stop'  but she never
  saw it, anyway. I spread my legs some because I thought it would help me to
  stand up; swiftly, she went behind me, and before I realized what was about
  to happen, she kicked me in my groin from behind. She kicked me so strong,
  I felt nausea growing up in my stomach and I thought I might throw up. Again,
  I fell on the floor on my front; I felt intense ache all over me. She put her
  boot under me and turned me on my back; I couldn't resist her one bit as the
  pain took away the very last ounces of strength I had in me. For the first
  time in past six months, I felt indifferent; I wasn't even looking what she'd
  do next so I could prepare myself for it. She lifted her right leg and placed
  it on my throat; her boot began to press on my throttle, "Maybe I should just
  stand fully on top of your windpipe and wait to see what happens" she added
  more pressure and I thought that was it; a little more and she'd kill me. She
  kept me breathless like that for some time and then she removed it; I needed
  plenty of air, but my gasping thru that gag wasn't working; while I was fighting
  to get some air she removed the gag from my mouth, "Something you want to beg
  for?!" she asked angrily. I knew if I talked it'd get worst; finally, I was
  getting some air in my lungs. While at it, she moved down and stepped between
  my legs; I felt her cold boot touching my balls and cock; she placed her boot
  between them so, just my balls were below her sole. "I see no point of keeping
  these" she said; I knew what she was about to do, so I said without thinking, "Please&hellip;no!" She
  looked at me with a wicked grin on her face and said, "Ohh&hellip;you really
  shouldn't SPEAK!" and at the same time, as her boot smashed my ball sack to
  the ground, she swung her whip thru the air and it landed partially across
  my chest and my face, bruising it from my chin to my left temple. "AAARGGGHHH!!!" I
  screamed as the pain was unbearable; the whip hanged still in her hand but,
  also was she, standing on my balls. "Ohhh&hellip;" she let out a moan as she
  looked up at the ceiling, "I am going to devastate you completely, baby&hellip;you're
  dead!"  
The pain began to make me really sick in my stomach; all that food from few
  hours ago wanted to come out. She saw what was going on and removed her leg, "Stand
  up!" she ordered and helped me up by pulling my hair. "To the toilet!" she
  said and led me to it; I could barely walk and, once we got inside and I saw
  myself in the mirror, I almost collapsed. I couldn't recognize myself; she
  was tearing me apart. She pushed me to the floor and said, "Come on&hellip;let
  it out! I don't want you throwing up on my expensive footwear." I had no problems
  with that, as soon as I leaned over the bowl, I began to let out gushes of
  food in it.  
After I was done I wanted to lift my head up but she wouldn't let me; she
  flushed the toilet bowl first and, once it was all gone, she pressed my head
  down in it with her leg until my face touched the water, "Drown dog!" she said
  and flushed the toilet again. As the water came down, I felt my head sinking
  and soon, it was completely submerged. She pressed down harder and my face
  got stuffed up the drain hole; I managed to inhale deeply before water came
  down but, it was going away very slowly and I needed more air; I tried to twitch
  and move but her leg felt so heavy on the back of my head. The water began
  to penetrate thru my nose and, as I gasped for more air, I opened my mouth
  for a moment, so the water ran right into my throat.  
As she removed her leg, I lifted my head up and inhaled deeply; as some water
  went into my lungs I began to cough it out. She grabbed me by my shoulders
  and turned me around; as I was leaning with my back to the bowl I looked up
  at her. She held the whip in her left hand and her right was between her thighs;
  she was rubbing her cunt, moaning at the same time, "All that water&hellip;" she
  said and came towards me. She pushed me more away to the bowl then climbed
  her thighs, each on one of my shoulders. Her wet and hot cunt was just inches
  above my face; calmly, she said, "Open your filthy mouth&hellip;I want to piss
  in it!" I obeyed without hesitation; she sounded like her mood was improving
  and I had no problems with drinking her urine as I did it before. I felt warm
  and salty liquid hitting my lips and mouth, first in spurts, and then in a
  steady gush, "Oh yess&hellip;oh, what a nice relief&hellip;mmm, drink it baby,
  drink it all&hellip;" She produced a lot of it; probably from the dinner and
  all the excitement she got from this abasement; it lasted longer then usual
  but it gave me some time to recover a bit.  
Once she was done, she pulled me out of the toilet and said, "You've been
  so selfish tonight; after that great meal I prepared for you, you couldn't
  think of anyone else but yourself. That's why I must punish you more; this
  is not only about my pleasures for the evening, this is about discipline" she
  stopped for a while and asked, "Do you understand what I am talking about?" I
  said yes, even though that might have not been the right answer. She ordered
  me to go over to the wooden table she made herself and to bend over it; it
  had shackles on two top corners and on front table legs. She locked my wrists
  and ankles so I was bent over it and bound to it, too. I figured she'd bring
  that black plastic dildo with a strap on it and use it on me as she did several
  times previously; I was wrong; she came back with a dildo but a different one, "This
  one I kept for special occasions such as this one" and when she showed it to
  me I freaked. It was made of stainless steel, almost 2 feet long and very thick;
  as she strapped it around her waist she had trouble keeping it up, "Look at
  it" she said, "Isn't it magnificent? Ha, ha&hellip;" she came closer and placed
  it on my mouth, "Open now, don't be shy" and before I managed to open my mouth
  she just shoved it in. It was huge; my mouth was wide open and, although it
  appeared I couldn't take it any deeper, the majority of it was still outside.
  From my angle of view her waist seemed so far from me; like she was pushing
  a pipe in my mouth from 6 feet away. She was coming closer but slowly; that
  dildo was slowly disappearing in my throat and further; my eyes filled with
  tears and I felt like I could throw up again. I cramped my fists hard and then
  she stopped; half of it was still outside. I was breathing fast thru my nose
  and she just burst into laughter; she unbuckled the strap and got out of it.
  She crouched down near the table so her face was just inches from mine. Thru
  the laughter, she said, "Wait until you get it up your ass; I'll push it all
  the way in until it gets out thru your mouth again" she grinned wickedly, "with
  all the shit you got in your guts, on it." She stood up and left leaving me
  like that to choke on that pipe. In a minute or so she came back with a cigarette
  in her mouth, pulled a chair closer and sat on it; she blew a few smokes and
  said, "You should see yourself, you pathetic little fuck; you deserve no better
  since you allowed a woman to have you this way" she smoked her cigarette for
  a little while and continued, "When I think of it, I can't remember why it
  was that I married you, at the first place. I remember I wanted a man and you're
  no man; you're pathetic little wimpy worm, useless piece of excuse for a male
  race." She reached for the dildo and pulled it out a little, as she saw how
  I began to seriously choke on it, "There&hellip;is that better, now?" She blew
  a few more smokes, grinded the stub to the floor with her boot and said, "On
  the other hand, if I married I real man, he probably wouldn't let me do this;
  I'd never experience any of this and lived the rest of my life in dullness.
  Maybe I should be more grateful for you being such a wimp, such a sissy&hellip;thank
  you Denis" she said and smiled.  
Once she fixed the boots on her legs, she brought the gag again, shoved it
  in my mouth and tied it behind my head. She climbed up on the chair and then
  on the table. I felt her heel on my right shoulder and, as she pressed down
  hard, it ripped my flesh right thru. I twitched and jumped but it was only
  worst; she kept the heel in and, as I moved, so did that dildo, still shoved
  deep inside me. She pulled the heel out, placed it on my ass cheek and stepped
  on it fully; her heel went right thru, all the way, as I felt the sole of her
  boot touching my skin. "BEG, YOU BITCH! BEG, OR I'LL MAKE A STRAINER OUT OF
  YOU!" she yelled. She pulled it out again, and then rapidly, punched few more
  holes in my back. I wanted to scream, run, die&hellip;she was right; at that
  moment I really wanted to die. She must have sensed it so she stopped, removed
  the gag and said, "SAY IT, DAMN YOU! SAY IT NOW!" I could barely speak; the
  agonizing pain ran thru my whole body hitting my brain in waves, "O&hellip;Ok&hellip;yes&hellip;please" I
  stopped to gather myself together and she waited patiently. "M&hellip;mistress,
  please&hellip;end my suffering now, please" I began to tremble but not from
  pain; I was terrified she'd do it right there and then. She was still mad, "REPEAT
  THE WORDS EXACTLY AS I TOLD YOU TO!" I had to gather some more strength to
  say it and after a little while I said, "Kill me Mistress; put me out of my
  misery!" As I said it, I just waited; there was nothing I could do, anyway.
  She walked across the table, stepped down on the chair and on the floor; she
  walked behind me and, in one single and quick pull, she took out the dildo, "I
  told you you'd beg me for it sooner or later; you could have suffered less" her
  voice was pretty calm then. Once she began to remove the shackles from my hands
  and legs, I thought it was all over; I thought she'd calm down once she got
  what she wanted. But I was so wrong, "Stand up!" she said; I barely stood up,
  still leaning on the table. Once I took my hands off of it, I just collapsed
  down on my knees; she grabbed the collar and pulled me towards the other end
  of the cellar. I was on my hands and knees when she said, "Come on, let's get
  to it!" I barely managed to even crawl; I asked, "To what, Mistress?" she looked
  down at me and said, "To putting you out of your misery, of course!" I froze
  right there on my knees; I couldn't believe my ears and I thought ' what
  does she mean?  ' But, before I managed to figure out an answer
  on my own, I saw what she was doing earlier while I was bound to the table;
  she was preparing gallows. A rope with a noose was hanging, about 3 feet from
  some sheaves at the ceiling and, beneath on the floor, was a small stool. I
  freaked out to the sight, "No...No, please&hellip;Fiona, what are you doing?" I
  began to pull back. She turned to me with a coldest look on her face, pulled
  the collar and ran her right boot into my ribs. I fell on the floor, still
  trying to get away but she was too quick, too strong and too ruthless. One
  after another, rapid blows came hitting my sides and hands; I turned on my
  side to cover and protect it but, as I exposed my chest and my stomach, it
  got worst. She rammed her boot tips in my chest and I lost my breath; I began
  to loose my consciousness and, the last thing I saw, was her boot sole landing
  on my forehead. I didn't faint but I was out; thru the haze, I felt her hands
  grabbing my underarms and pulling me away. Once she brought me to the center
  of the cellar, she lifted me up just enough to seat me on that stool. My head
  fell down but I managed to keep myself from falling off the stool; she went
  behind me and I felt her placing the noose over my head. She tightened the
  noose and pulled out a pair of handcuffs from below the stool; she locked those
  around my wrists and behind my back; she went over to the wall where the rope
  was ending. She took the end in her hand and came closer; rope passed thru
  double sheave on the ceiling and a single one on the wall. That way, she had
  no problems pulling it up with me on the other end; again, she grabbed my underarms
  and pulled me up, "Come on! Stand up, you fuck!" I stood up on my feet but
  she pulled more; the noose began to lift me up as she pulled that rope. As
  she pulled the rope, she grabbed me behind my knees, lifted me up and pushed
  the stool under my feet, with her boot.  
Half an hour later I revived; as I opened my eyes, at first, I didn't remember
  anything; I just saw that I was in the cellar, lying on the floor and all alone.
  It took me few minutes before my memory came back; I was alive, that was all
  that mattered at the time. My whole body was aching and I barely managed to
  turn around. I lied like that for a while and, after some time, the cellar
  door opened; I saw my wife entering and carrying something. She was dressed
  casual; those boots and mask were gone and she had a plastic tray in her hand;
  it had some medicaments on it. As she came down, she stood above me for a while
  then, she sat down on the floor beside me. She put the tray on the floor, leaned
  closer to me and said, "How are you feeling?" As I remembered every single
  word she said while I was up on that stool, I didn't know how to reply; I didn't
  want to say anything wrong so I said, "Yes Mistress." At first, she tried to
  restrain herself but she didn't manage; instead she burst into laughter and,
  thru it, she said, "It is ok&hellip;ha, ha&hellip;you can tell me how you feel&hellip;ha,
  ha, ha" and she continued to laugh. "I must admit, I don't feel so good" I
  hesitated for a while and added, "Mistress." "Now, that's nice; really good,
  I liked it&hellip;let's fix these wounds now; turn around on your stomach." As
  I did, she began to clean my wounds and bruises on my back; we were both silent,
  only she cursed a few times. I took some painkiller and, after 20 minutes or
  so, I felt a little better; once she was done she said, "Ok, that's it&hellip;you're
  good as new." She stood up and continued, "I suppose you should come out of
  the shit-hole now; I recon you've earned it." She, finally, sounded normal;
  she turned around to leave and, as I was slowly getting up on my feet, she
  turned around and gave me a harsh look. I remembered how I was supposed to
  crawl, not walk, so I quickly dropped down on my knees again. She stood for
  a while just looking at me and then, she turned on her heel and said, "No,
  I really can't&hellip;I feel exhausted." She walked away and I crawled after
  her; as I reached the stairs, she stopped, looked down on me and said, "But
  I won't forget!" and then she left the room.  
   
Mail To:  mm2000xx@hotmail.com   
   
&copy;   By
      M.M.   
Look for more stories from
    the same author at:   
BDSM
      Library - story: Video Training  
BDSM
      Library - story: Doctor's Advice   
Or just click to follow the above links&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





