BDSM Library - The Chosen One




The Chosen One
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: AKA, the serial killer of young men, strikes dangerously close to home this time. THE CHOSEN ONE   
   
 By   
   
 JASON    
 They were    all in some way chosen, of course. Chance
  may have provided them. Hitchhiking by the side of the road. Hanging out at
  the mall. Hustling on a well-known streetcorner. Getting off work at McDonalds.
  Carrying bags out into a reasonably empty supermarket parking lot. Stumbling
  alone and drunk out of one of the late-night nightspots popular with the young
  crowd. Or even--it had actually happened twice--knocking on the wrong door--AKA's--at
  just the right time. But there was always that moment of choice. For AKA, that
  is. Was this one okay? Would this one do? Because AKA had his standards. Both
  in terms of quality and in terms of safety.  
Yes, the kid had to be good-looking enough to make
  the risk worthwhile. There was no question of that. What was the point of killing
  some pimply-faced pig? But the risk had to be as minimal as possible as well.
  The two went together. Because AKA had made up his mind early on that it was
  better to let some adorable young Adonis go free rather than get caught. There
  could be nothing worse than getting caught. And AKA had held to this resolution.  
With one exception perhaps.  
 The one exception was THE CHOSEN ONE. The REALLY chosen one. Because what
  AKA meant by chance had played no real part in his selection. AKA had met him,
  wanted him, decided to get him, and made his plans accordingly. Despite the
  risks.  
And there were risks. Lots of them.  
 To begin with, the kid knew who AKA was. He knew where AKA lived. He knew
  where AKA worked. To put it bluntly, he knew  AKA. That
  was bad enough. Because AKA had no doubt that his success rate--his on-going
  triumph in what he thought of as THE GAME--was largely due to the fact that
  he and his victims had not known each other until chance--or fate, if one preferred--brought
  them together. On some lonely road. Outside a busy mall. In a parking lot.
  On that well-known (to those-in-the-know) streetcorner.  
AKA had no complaints. Fate--or the Dark Gods,
  as he preferred to think of them--had been very generous. He was now up to--what?--30
  and counting? Not quite John Wayne Gacy's number, but getting there.  
So that the boy knew who AKA was, was a definite
  negative.  
Worse, however, was the fact that the kid was also--in
  a manner of speaking--a relative. Because AKA's younger brother had suddenly
  up and remarried not five months after his world-class, knock-down, drag-out
  divorce became final. Why Phil would want to risk doing that to himself again,
  AKA didn't know. But Phil had met Carolyn, who was also on the rebound, and
  married her--snap!--like that! Which meant that Phil suddenly had extra family
  to deal with as well.  
Specifically, Carolyn's kid by her own failed marriage:
  Donovan.  
Donovan. THE CHOSEN ONE.  
AKA first saw Donovan--not at the wedding, since
  Phil remarried with the minimum of fuss (which is to say, AKA wasn't even invited)--but
  the first time AKA was asked to come to dinner at the newlyweds' brand-new "let's-make-a-fresh-start" trophy
  house. By then, Phil and Carolyn had been married almost a year. AKA knew there
  was a boy who came with the package. He had heard the boy described as "nice" and "very
  good-looking," but the seventeen-year-old who greeted AKA at the door was way
  beyond good-looking.  
It was the eyes that grabbed AKA first. The pupils,
  an unusual as well as unusually intense gray-green, seemed to pierce right
  through to the back of AKA's skull. Set in the whitest of whites under luxuriously
  long, black lashes, vitality as well as intelligence shot forth from them.  
The rest of the face was nearly as striking. Rich,
  black, naturally wavy hair framed a broad, high, lightly tanned forehead. A
  slender, perfectly pitched nose perched above a wide, sensuously lipped mouth,
  a mouth that enclosed two rows of perfect teeth as perfectly white as the whites
  of the unusually piercing gray-green eyes. An equally perfect, lightly tanned
  complexion--the kid looked as if he had never had a zit in his life and probably
  hadn't--suffused the high, rounded cheekbones. A strong, smoothly tapered chin
  and a slender, straight, solidly set neck completed the picture.  
What was below that neck AKA hardly even bothered
  to register at first, so compelling was the kid's face.  
"Hi. You must be    ."  
Donovan sounded out AKA's real name in a smooth,
  clear, unusually polished voice for someone his age. AKA knew Carolyn was "a
  cut above"--as others in the family had put it. It was a judgment he had made
  for himself. Used to money. Well-educated. Fashion-conscious. Carolyn had that
  old-fashioned thing. Class. And she had clearly passed that class along to
  her son.  
"Yes, hello. And you are Donovan, no doubt."  
The boy smiled. The glow of the teeth seemed to
  increase the glow of the eyes.  
"No doubt."  
Coming from another kid, the hint of irony might
  have seemed snide, but coming from Donovan it only seemed winningly sophisticated.     
I'm in love, thought AKA.  
And each man kills the thing he loves  .  
The words popped into AKA's head uninvited.  
First said by Oscar Wilde, if AKA weren't mistaken.
  Little did Wilde know how literal those words could be made.  
Donovan backed away to let AKA enter the house,
  and AKA finally dropped his eyes--the kid was almost as tall as AKA--in order
  to assess the rest of his gorgeous new nephew-by-marriage.  
The boy was dressed in an unremarkable short-sleeved,
  open-necked sports shirt and a pair of loose-fitting, light-brown chinos. Though
  unremarkable, the shirt--which featured tiny moss-green-and-white checks--fit
  very nicely, very nicely indeed. Donovan was clearly the possessor of impressively
  broad shoulders and an admirably flat stomach. The chinos might be loose-fitting,
  but they hugged a pair of attractively slim hips and--so far as AKA could tell--a
  more than acceptable butt. Worn loafers--no socks--completed the understated,
  vaguely preppy wardrobe.  
"Mom and Phil aren't down yet. I guess you'll just
  have to deal with me until they arrive."  
No problem, AKA thought. No problem at all.  
Donovan closed the door and led AKA across the
  somewhat pretentious marble-and-chandeliered entrance hall to the expensively
  decorated living room. Which was almost, but not quite, the size of a tennis
  court.  
Well, the house was a trophy house, right?  
His first marriage aside, everything AKA's brother
  touched had always had a way of turning to gold. AKA had never been envious
  of Phil's success, however. But, then, AKA lusted for things other than money.  
Yes, indeed, he thought as he followed along behind
  Donovan. The kid's butt was more than acceptable. With each step the boy took,
  firmly molded cheeks flexed invitingly beneath the smoothly combed cotton of
  the chinos.  
"Something to drink?" Donovan called over his shoulder.  
This is one seventeen-year-old who would know how
  to mix one, AKA deduced.  
"I'll wait," AKA replied.  
Once in the living room, Donovan gestured for AKA
  to sit, then sat down directly across from him.  
Tall and slim, obviously fit and firm, with that
  beautiful face and those striking gray-green eyes, Donovan leaned back into
  the plush confines of the overstuffed couch facing AKA's equally overstuffed
  chair and promptly proceeded to be the perfect little host until his mother
  and new stepfather arrived.  
To be honest, AKA hardly heard a word he said,
  so busy was he just taking the kid in. There was polite chatter about Donovan's
  boarding school (as upscale--and therefore expensive--a place as one would
  expect), about his hopes for the future (law school or medicine perhaps), about
  girlfriends (no one special at the moment), about sports (he played golf, soccer,
  liked to swim), etc., etc.  
But it was all relatively meaningless so far as
  AKA was concerned.  
Donovan's life--privileged though it was--was just
  one of many. If his life ended somewhat earlier than expected, so be it. The
  world would go on. It always did.  
There was also the conviction on AKA's part--and
  he reviewed it as he listened to Donovan talk--that nothing the boy would ever
  do (even if given the chance) would be as exciting as what AKA could--indeed,
  had already decided he would--do to him.  
The conversation was not all one-sided, of course.
  AKA was determined to charm in his own right. He wanted the boy to like and
  to trust him. If not absolutely, then--well--enough. Thus, AKA deftly psyched
  the boy out, encouraged topics he saw were meaningful to him, and more or less
  charged the air with his own (quite legitimate) pleasure at being in so fine
  a young man's company.  
"So," AKA said when Phil and Carolyn finally appeared
  and the boy rose to leave for an evening out with friends, "we'll meet again."  
"That would be great."  
And he meant it.  
But then AKA meant it as well.  
* * *  
AKA did not hurry. If anything, he took more time
  than he needed.  
This was yet another risk, of course. Because the
  more time that passed, the more a relationship (of sorts) would develop, with
  all that that might mean in terms of emotional complications. For AKA, that
  is. He had never really known any of the boys the Dark Gods provided. With
  the exception, perhaps, of the neighbor kid he had strangled in his parents'
  house that time. But that kid had essentially been a familiar face attached
  to a seductive fifteen-year-old body AKA had lusted after for months, not someone
  he knew in any real sense of the word.  
Donovan, however, would  be
  known. And would know AKA in return.  
That would be a new challenge for AKA, and, to
  be honest, he was not sure how he would feel about that part of it when the
  time came.  
AKA learned that first night that Donovan would
  be living with his mother and Phil for most of the summer. A one-week stay
  with his father--a career-driven California corporate exec--was planned, but
  that was weeks off. The boy was scheduled to begin work at Phil's company--of
  which Phil was significantly the CEO--the next week, but that would be part-time,
  clearly something to give a veneer of purpose to what was otherwise intended
  to be a pretty relaxed, even self-indulgent summer.  
"Donovan's handled everything so well," Carolyn
  asserted over the main course--turbot in a champagne cream sauce--"but Phil
  and Frank--that's Donovan's dad--and I thought he could be allowed a bit of
  'down' time, if you know what I mean. His school's rather intense. That's one
  thing. Then there was my own divorce. Then our  marriage." Carolyn
  smiled at Phil. "Well, Donovan's remarkably mature for his age, but even so."  
Phil concurred.  
"The boy deserves some time off. He's one of a
  kind. As bright as he is good-looking. We're well on our way to being friends."  
So AKA did not hurry. Nor did he hang about exactly.
  True, he accepted more invitations to events at his brother's new home than
  he otherwise might have. True, he went out of his way to talk to Donovan as
  often as he could if the boy were there. True, he actually managed to take
  Donovan to dinner early on--a seemingly spontaneous affair at one of the nicer
  local restaurants, a restaurant that had the distinction of providing AKA with
  one of his more memorable (and longest-kept) victims. But even that first dinner,
  in terms of intimacy, was no more than one would expect of a precociously suave
  seventeen-year-old and his new stepfather's intelligent, if far less affluent
  older brother.  
Three weeks passed. Four weeks. Five.  
Phil and Donovan may or may not have been well
  on their way to being friends, but Donovan and AKA became at least openly,
  genuinely friendly. They developed an easy rapport. An uncomplicated acceptance
  of the other's presence. A happy, casual bridging of the generations.  
That, at least, is what AKA wished to and actually
  succeeded in making Donovan feel.  
Vanity, AKA determined, would be the door through
  which Donovan would walk into AKA's other life, into his second world, the
  wonderful, dangerous, unforgiving abode of the Dark Gods.  
Their second dinner together--also seemingly spontaneous,
  but at a different and somewhat more downscale restaurant where no busboy had
  yet appeared to tempt the Dark Gods--produced the key, revealed the vulnerable
  Achilles' heel.  
"I think I'd like modeling, but Mom won't hear
  of it. Too de classe  , I guess."  
AKA smiled at the classy phrase-dropping.  
"I mean, you can earn good money modeling," Donovan
  continued. "There are two guys at school who've done a little, so I know. But
  it's not the money really. I just think it would be fun."  
This had all been prompted by AKA's voicing the
  opinion--in what was admittedly a fishing expedition--that Donovan, given his "good
  looks," should consider the movies or modeling or something like that. At least,
  on the side.  
"That's amazing," AKA replied, seizing on the boy's
  statement like a lion on an unwary lamb. "I have a related, secret passion
  that not even Phil knows about. Promise not to tell? I would really be too
  embarrassed."  
 "Sure," Donovan replied, clearly intrigued.  
 "Well, I'm something of an amateur photographer," AKA lied, inwardly astonished
  at the wild possibilities of this sudden inspiration. Would Donovan really
  fall for it? "I've actually done a few fashion shoots for a friend involved
  in advertising," he continued, expanding on the lie. "Some of my stuff has
  even appeared. Under a pseudonym, you understand." More lies. "As I said, I'd
  be too embarrassed to have the family know. They are a bit like your mother.
  But I'd love to shoot you. Do a portfolio, as they call it. Then see if my
  friend could get you some work. On the sly, of course. I couldn't promise anything,
  but . . . ." AKA smiled inquiringly. "Would you be interested?"  
 "I would," Donovan shot back. "But we couldn't tell. Not unless something
  came of it. Maybe not even then. Gee, do you really think?"  
The boy's to-die-for face blushed an engaging shade
  of pink. For the first time in their acquaintance, he looked younger than his
  seventeen years.  
 AKA nodded.  
 "Yes. I do. I really do."  
* * *  
 Vanity? Maybe that was too harsh a word. But the kid's self-image was clearly
  spiced with a healthy dash of narcissism.  
As well it might be, AKA admitted.  
 If there had been any doubts on that score, they were completely erased
  a few days after the second, far more friendly dinner-for-two when AKA dropped
  by his brother's house unannounced and found Donovan tanning himself poolside.  
It was one of the boy's "days off."  
As AKA knew.  
Thus, his unannounced visit.  
 Until AKA walked out onto the poolside patio he had been forced to speculate
  about just how good a body was hidden underneath those understated preppy clothes
  Donovan tended to wear.  
 Well, one glance told the story.  
 The kid was sensuously lean from top to bottom. The muscles of his torso--front
  and back--seamlessly smooth across a marvelously flexible ribcage. His long
  legs lightly haired with perfectly proportioned thighs and calves. His butt
  was also perfectly proportioned, beautifully rounded beneath a pair of tight
  bikini Speedos. Then, last but not least, that amazing face with its amazing
  gray-green eyes topping it all off.  
Words failed one. Or they failed AKA anyway.  
For a minute, he actually felt breathless.  
"Hi!" Donovan called out, getting to his feet.  
Sun flashed off his well-oiled body.  
"You come by for a swim?"  
AKA had been invited more than once now.  
AKA shook his head, needing the additional time
  to steady his voice.  
Donovan stretched, oblivious to what the motion
  did to further outline his already tightly cupped, brazenly outlined genitals.  
"I'm being pretty lazy, I guess."  
"No. Not at all," AKA finally managed to say. "But," he
  took a deep breath and went on, "I can put you to work if you're really worried
  about it."  
Donovan dropped his arms, shook his hands to the
  side, kicked out with one foot, then the other. A swimmer's routine.  
"Sure. You mean"--he lowered his voice, although
  it was clear that he was home alone--"the photo shoot?"  
"That's exactly what I mean," AKA answered, lowering
  his own voice as well.  
Donovan smiled. The glow of the teeth was almost
  blinding.  
"When?"  
"When's the next time you're going to be here by
  yourself?"  
"Mom's away every morning pretty much. A lot of
  the afternoons too. About Phil, you know. Gone all day every day. There are
  the servants." Yes, the servants, thought AKA. How many did Phil and Carolyn
  have? Three, he thought. But none was a live-in, fortunately. "They're often
  around," said Donovan. "But you don't mean to do it here, do you?"  
"No. But I thought it would help preserve
    the secrecy we'd like to keep if you could get away unseen. Even by the servants.
    What about tomorrow?" 
    
Donovan nodded.  
"Fine as far as I know. I even think the servants
  have the afternoon off."  
Yes, AKA silently replied, I know that.  
"So, tomorrow it is, then. Don't forget to pack
  a suitcase."  
This was a crucial--if not the most crucial--part
  of AKA's scheme, the all-important misleading clue that would direct everyone
  away from Donovan's real whereabouts once he went missing. If everything worked
  as well as AKA hoped it would, this one detail would lead everyone away from
  a more accurate speculation about the boy's true fate.  
"Pack a suitcase?" Donovan asked, clearly perplexed.  
"Filled with the clothes you want to model, right?"  
The boy's momentary confusion lifted.  
"Of course. Right."  
"Pack a full range of things. Sportswear. Underwear.
  Dressy stuff. Shoes. Even a few toiletries. We might use them as props. Basically
  everything you might take on a long trip."  
From which you will never return, AKA said to himself.  
"Okay. Great. So what time do you want me to be
  at your place?"  
Donovan had a car, of course, a sporty little navy-blue
  MG.  
The car would end up in an unmonitored parking
  lot near a small local airport, AKA had decided. Sans Donovan. Sans suitcase.  
AKA appeared to think, although he had already
  planned this part as well.  
"Let's say one o'clock. This will probably take
  an hour or two. Three at most. That way you can be back home before anyone's
  the wiser."  
"Sounds good. I'll be there."  
AKA scanned the boy from head to toe, a photographer
  clinically assessing a promising subject.  
"Bring the swimsuit as well," he said in an offhand
  tone. "We might even start with it."  
And end with it, he speculated to himself. At least,
  so far as modeling clothes is concerned.  
 * * *  
AKA actually managed to turn the third floor of
  his house--the floor where any number of his victims had met their fate--into
  a fairly convincing studio.  
Rent-A-Thon, the local anything-you-want-we-have-it
  rental company, had on hand a wide range of photographic equipment. They even
  had a fold-up backdrop perfect for lighting just the kind of shots AKA was
  supposedly going to take.  
I may take a few pictures at that, AKA decided. "Before" and "After" ones
  maybe. Like you see in those weight-loss ads. Except, in this case, the more
  accurate way to put it would be . . . what? . . . "Alive" and "Dead"?  
AKA had never been one for trophies. Trophies were
  high on the list of risks one should avoid. But maybe I will make an exception
  on this occasion, he now thought. Pictures of this kid could be fun to have.
  Depending on how good a model--or was it victim?--Donovan turned out to be,
  of course.  
When he first started on his second life, his Dark
  Gods career, AKA had liked to use some article of the victim's own clothing
  to do him in. T-shirts. Socks. Underwear. Jockstraps. Speedos. Shorts. Cut-offs.
  Shoelaces. Necklaces. Leather neck-thongs. Even a set of dogtags. AKA had used
  them all. But the routine had staled after a while, and AKA had since run the
  gamut from smothering by pillow to drowning in the third-floor tub to asphyxiating
  with a clear plastic bag. Those done in his death-on-wheels van were still
  dispatched by and large with a piece of their own clothing, but AKA's home-kills
  could be far more inventive.  
What he had planned for Donovan was, he felt, particularly
  imaginative.  
 * * *  
The boy arrived just when AKA told him to.  
"Be sure to drive straight into the garage," AKA
  had instructed. "That way you want have to lug the suitcase all the way up
  from the street."  
That this would also lower the chance of Donovan's
  snazzy little car being seen at AKA's house, was, of course, an idea left unsaid.  
Donovan lifted himself out of his sporty MG even
  as the garage doors started their cranky way down.  
"Any trouble finding the place?"  
"No. You gave good directions."  
Another plus. Because so far as anyone knew, Donovan
  had never been to AKA's, had no idea where his new stepfather's brother even
  lived.  
Donovan walked around and hefted his suitcase from
  the passenger side of the car. It was clearly heavy.  
"Good," AKA commended. "You brought a lot. I can
  tell."  
"I didn't know for sure," Donovan said a bit breathlessly
  as headed for the door into the house AKA was holding open for him. "What would
  be best, that is. So I thought, better be safe than sorry, right?"  
"Yes," AKA replied. "It's always better to be safe
  than sorry. It's even a motto of mine."  
He closed and locked the door behind them.  
"The studio's on the third floor, I'm afraid."  
Donovan had stopped and put the suitcase down in
  order to mop at a line of sweat that had popped up on his smooth high forehead.  
"No problem." He smiled, lifting the suitcase back
  up. "It might even be good to look a little sweaty for the first shots. You
  know, like I've been swimming or sunning. You did say you wanted to do the
  swimsuit first, right?"  
"Yes. That's what I said."  
AKA gestured Donovan forward.  
They traversed the back hall, the kitchen, the
  dining room, and came to the front hall stairs.  
"Up you go, then. All the way to the top."  
"This is going to be fun," Donovan said as he shifted
  his grip on the suitcase. "Just like I thought."  
"Well, there might be a little blood, sweat, and
  tears along the way," AKA advised. "Modeling can be hard work." Excitement--mixed
  with a natural enough anxiety--swirled in the pit of his stomach. "But then,
  no pain, no gain, right?"  
"Right," Donovan answered, smiled, and, newly balanced
  for the climb, ascended.  
 * * *  
The blush in the restaurant was the only time AKA
  had seen anything like adolescent shyness come from Donovan. Until then, the
  boy had conveyed an easy aplomb many an older (and supposedly wiser) man might
  have envied. Donovan's remarkable savoir-faire  --AKA
  could phrase-drop himself if called upon--was once again the order of the day
  when they reached the third floor. Stripping before a relative stranger--and
  AKA was surely not much more than that--apparently posed no problem at all.  
"Where shall I put these?" Donovan asked of the
  clothes he immediately began removing.  
He had come over dressed his most casual yet--stone-washed
  jeans and a T-shirt, sneakers, no socks.  
Donovan's question was an honest one, given that
  AKA had pretty much emptied the room. Yes, the bed was still there, but transformed
  into one of the upcoming photo ops (or so AKA was pleased to see Donovan assume)
  by a set of expensive smoky-green sheets purchased just for this occasion.
  The kid would, after all, be spending some time in the bed. He might as well
  be made to look as pretty as possible in it. The sheets were meant to match
  his eyes after all.  
 "I'll take them," said AKA, holding his hands
  out.  
So, first the T-shirt, then the jeans, then the
  Hilfiger briefs were dropped into AKA's hands, the sneakers having been removed
  first thing. AKA bent and collected them as well, then took the small trove
  across the hall to the third-floor bathroom as a splendidly, unselfconsciously
  nude Donovan turned to fish the revealing bikini Speedos out of the suitcase,
  which--AKA having anticipated the need--was supported on an old-fashioned fold-up
  suitcase rack.  
Donovan was still at it when AKA returned, having
  temporarily placed the clothes on a bathroom shelf. They, along with everything
  else the kid had brought, would eventually find their way into a Goodwill clothes
  bin AKA had used in the past for the very same purpose, but, for now, the pretense
  could continue that Donovan would be wearing them again.  
"I know I packed them," Donovan complained, his
  back still turned to AKA.  
The sight of the boy's ass--which was on full display--made
  AKA feel faint.  
 A pure, unblemished vanilla-white, it was a perfectly molded, adorably dimpled
  two-part masterpiece of a piece with the rest of the kid's fabulous body.  
 Hasn't this kid ever heard of perverts? AKA wondered as he came up behind
  him. Hasn't some teacher, some geek, some jock, some priest--hell, even his
  father!--ever tried to put the make on him? He's as smart as a whip, no question
  about it. So how did he get to be seventeen and this good-looking and not realize
  that the world is a dangerous place to strip butt-fucking-naked in?  
 AKA could only marvel at the kid's trust.  
Yes, he thought, I've done a good job making myself
  believable, but even so!  
 "Damn! No, wait! Here they are!"  
 Donovan turned and held up the Speedos.  
 AKA did manage to look at the Speedos, but the boy's genitals received a
  couple of quick, assessing glances as well.  
 AKA was not disappointed by what he saw.  
 It was sometimes hard to tell, but AKA had no doubt that the boy would sport
  a very impressive rod when aroused. Even limp, as it now was, the penis--crowned
  with a halo of curly jet-black hair--was an elegantly long four inches. At
  full erection, it would surely be seven. Maybe more. A pair of large, glossy,
  perfectly balanced testicles were tucked tidily underneath.  
 Hopping from one foot to the other, Donovan adroitly legged his way into
  the Speedos and pulled them up.  
 A little adjusting of his lovely, dark-haired, roses-and-cream-colored genitals
  and he was ready.  
 "So, where do you want me?"  
 AKA proceeded to turn on the rented spotlights, adjust the rented reflectors,
  slightly move the rented backscreen.  
 "In front of the screen," he said. "I know it looks plain, but what with
  computers being what they are these days we can later put anything from a virtual
  beach to an Olympic-size swimming pool behind you if we want to."  
 "Neat!" Donovan allowed.  
 AKA picked up one of the cameras he had actually managed to master and began
  to shoot.  
 Donovan was a natural. He neither stupidly froze nor awkwardly slouched
  before the camera. He neither puffed his chest out in some silly cock-of-the-walk
  pose nor wilted self-consciously between shots, clumsily at a loss about what
  to do next.  
 A happy look over the shoulder. A serene, full frontal, into-the-camera
  stare. An inquiring glance skyward. A thoughtful staring down. Hands-on-hips.
  Hands on knees. Head up. Head to the side. Eyes closed. Eyes open. Smiling.
  Not smiling. Laughing. Looking tragic. In a diving stance. With a towel. Without
  a towel. Holding a bottle of suntan lotion. Holding nothing. It was all great!  
 "I think you've done this before," AKA finally said, believing it really
  might be the case.  
 "No. I promise. You really think I'm good?"  
 "Better than good. Excellent."  
 Donovan broke into a broad, warm, white-toothed smile.  
 AKA focused and clicked.  
 "We should have some music," Donovan suggested, obviously eager to intensify
  the pleasure of the situation. "Isn't that one of the things a fashion photographer
  does to create a mood?"  
 "I have used music on occasion," AKA lied as he took yet another picture, "but
  I generally like to shoot without any distractions the first time around. You
  really get to know the subject that way. Test his limits. I might not see all
  there is to see--challenge the model in the way he needs to be challenged--if
  music is playing."  
 AKA wondered if Donovan would be troubled by such phrases as "test the limits" and "challenge
  the model," but he didn't appear to be.  
 "I see that," the boy finally said. "Yeah, that sounds right."  
 "What I most like to do is create scenes," AKA continued. "Little dramas,
  I guess you might call them."  
 Click, click.  
 Donovan was silent, intent on a particularly serious facial expression.  
 Click. Click.  
 "They make for much better mood-setting than music, I've found."  
 Click. Click.  
 Donovan finally relaxed his expression.  
 "You mean act things out?"  
 "Exactly. Modeling, in its own way, is theater, you know. It's just theater
  without the words."  
 "Wow! That's a neat way to put it. I've never thought of it like that."  
 Click. Click.  
 "It makes for much better results, I've found."  
 "So what's the drama right now?"  
 "This is just a warm-up. A relax and settle-into-your-body time." Which
  you clearly have no problem doing, thought AKA, you confident little cocksucker! "I
  have several things in mind for later on, though." Indeed, I do, thought AKA. "Some
  are rather whacky actually, but you just do what you feel comfortable with.
  If something doesn't suit, we simply go on to the next idea."  
 "Great. I like it."  
 That smile again.  
 Click. Click.  
 The smile would soon be gone forever, so AKA wanted as many shots of it
  as possible before the last smile was smiled. That would be--AKA glanced at
  his watch--in about ten, maybe fifteen, minutes from now.  
If all went well.  
He finally called a halt.  
  
 "Great! So how do you feel? Warmed up and ready to begin?"  
 Donovan flapped his hands, rolled his shoulders, did a quick little loosening-up
  dance. A boxer's routine.  
 "I'm ready. So what scene do we start with?"  
 "Well," AKA replied, "I thought I would direct you to make a tape, an audio
  tape."  
 "An audio tape?"  
 AKA went to the corner where he had stowed the rented cameras, cords, and
  other pieces of equipment he had no idea in the world how to use, and picked
  up a small, easy-to-manage tape recorder, one he actually owned.  
 "That you were going to be bringing a suitcase put me in mind of this," AKA
  said. It happened to be true. "Here." He handed the machine across to Donovan.
  He then tossed the boy a still wrapped cassette tape. Donovan could unwrap
  it. Donovan could put it in the machine. Later, AKA would extract the tape,
  careful not to smudge Donovan's fingerprints or, even more important, leave
  any of his own on it.  
 "Pop the cassette in," AKA directed.  
 Donovan did as ordered.  
 "Now, you see how it works, right?" AKA asked, meaning the machine. Donovan
  nodded. "When I tell you to, I want you press 'record' and then make up a short
  message. Here's the scenario. You're a spoiled little rich kid, okay?" Donovan
  laughed. "But you are also a pretty unhappy one at the moment. Your parents'
  divorce. Pressure at school. No girlfriend. It's all gotten to you. You want
  to tell the world to fuck off! You want to tell Phil and your mother in particular
  that you've had it! You're going off on your own for a while! Maybe California.
  Maybe Mexico. Maybe the South Pacific. Who knows? You'll be in touch when you
  feel like it. So, how about it? Can you get into that?"  
Donovan had widened his eyes, clearly startled
  by the idea.  
He seemed at a loss for a moment, then said, "They'd
  never believe it. I mean, Mom wouldn't. I'm not unhappy. Really."  
We will soon do something about that, AKA thought,
  but what he said was, "Of course you aren't. That's why the scenario. As I
  said, modeling is acting, and acting stretches you emotionally. It challenges
  you. Tests your limits. I want the next set of shots to capture two very different
  things as once, if possible: your delight at setting off, footloose and fancy
  free, but also the unhappiness you want to leave behind, the anger at the world
  you've been hiding from everyone. I know it's a challenge, but I also know
  you can do it."  
Come on! AKA silently ordered. Fall for it the
  way you've fallen for everything else, kid!  
Finally Donovan said, "Okay. But what do I wear?"  
It took all of AKA's control not to burst into
  laughter. What does one wear indeed?  
He gave Donovan a huge grin.  
"Well, let's imagine it this way. You're back home
  having decided to leave, right? You've had a final soul-searching swim." AKA
  gestured to the Speedos the young man was wearing. "Now you want to make the
  fuck-you-I'm-off tape, dress in whatever you'd be likely to travel in, pack,
  and then get the hell away. How does that sound?"  
Donovan pondered.  
"I brought a new red-and-white-striped Ralph Lauren
  shirt Mom recently gave me and a pair of Banana Republic chinos." He pointed
  toward the suitcase. "And some neat Gucci loafers I bought in Rome last summer.
  How about that?"  
"Terrific. But first the tape."  
Donovan smiled.  
"Yeah. First the tape." He carefully placed the
  machine on the bed and began to unwrap the cassette. "Hey, maybe this isn't
  such a stretch. I suddenly feel   like traveling.
  How about that?" 
    
"What can I say? Except that being footloose and
  fancy free does have its attractions."  
AKA lifted the camera, poised to shoot.  
"Is that why you never married?" Donovan asked. "I
  asked Phil about it and he just said you weren't the marrying type. I thought
  he might mean you were gay, if you wanna know"--a guilty smile graced the admission--"but
  Phil seemed to see what I was thinking and said, 'Now don't go and get the
  wrong idea. There's never been a man in my big brother's life either.'"  
Good old Phil, AKA thought, momentarily lowering
  the camera. He's never considered that there might be other ways to have a
  man in one's life.  
"No. No man. No woman," said AKA, meeting the boy's
  gaze. "Not on a permanent basis anyway. If you really want to know, Donovan,
  I'm pretty picky when it comes right down to it. Not many measure up. Sorry
  to seem like a snob, but there we are."  
Donovan took the declaration very seriously.  
"I understand completely," he said. "That's why
  I said what I said when we talked about girls at the restaurant that first
  time. There is no special one because that's just it. She has to be pretty
  special, and I haven't met her yet. When I have a relationship I want it to
  be permanent. Anyway," he continued as he popped the tape into the machine, "there's
  no rush. I've got plenty of time, right?"  
"Right," AKA lied.  
AKA was suddenly curious.  
"I know guys don't ask normally each other this
  kind of thing, Donovan, but, given that I'm old enough to be your father but,
  instead, am just a well-wishing, if rather unlooked-for new older friend who
  thinks you are a pretty amazing young man, are you a virgin?"  
Donovan glanced up, amusement filling his wonderful
  gray-green eyes.  
"I didn't say that  !" He
  laughed. "But I called a halt about year ago. Because just having sex for the
  sake of the sex finally didn't feel right. Not once I decided I really wanted
  that SPECIAL ONE. I know. It sounds corny. Old-fashioned. All that crap. But
  that's how I feel."  
He straightened up. The tape was ready to go.  
"So I've had my soul-searching swim. I've decided
  I need to be on my own for a while. Sort things out. Escape all the pressure.
  Maybe find that SPECIAL ONE. How long will I be gone? Who knows, right?"  
I know, thought AKA.  
"Right," he said, and once again raised the camera.  
 * * *  
"Mom, Phil, Dad, this is going to take you by surprise,
  I know, but I can't help it." Click. "I've just got to go away for a while.
  How long? I don't know. Just don't come looking for me, okay? Respect my privacy
  the way I've respected yours." Click. Click. "What can I say? The world just
  isn't right for me at the moment. I need to sort things out. Be alone. I've
  got some money. I've got fake ID. I've even got a fake passport a kid from
  school got for me." Click. "I know I haven't seemed it, but I'm really unhappy,
  okay? Trust me. Just trust me and wait. When I come back, I'll be happy again.
  I promise. Goodbye." Click.  
Donovan pressed the stop button--clack!--and stood
  up.  
"So what do you think? How did that sound?"  
AKA lowered the camera.  
"That"--he said through his amazement--"was perfect."  
You don't know HOW perfect! he silently amended.  
 * * *  
AKA waited until Donovan bent over to step into
  a fresh new pair of boxer briefs before using the stun-gun.  
A few minutes before, AKA had removed the tape
  recorder from the bed, then--while the boy stripped off his swimsuit and began
  to gather the clothes he wanted for the next sequence--he had dutifully carried
  the swimsuit to the bathroom and tossed it on top of the discarded jeans and
  T-shirt.  
Once he was back in the bedroom, AKA had quietly
  pulled the stun-gun out of his back pocket and waited.  
AKA had considered just asking Donovan to put on
  the handcuffs, of course. As part of a second "whacky little drama." And the
  kid might well have done it, given how gullible he had been about everything
  else. But AKA decided not to risk it. Donovan was clearly very na&iuml;ve but
  not totally stupid. The kid might have suddenly put two and two together and
  made things difficult--or worse.  
Thus, stun-gun in hand, AKA assessed his moment,
  moved forward, clutched the back of Donovan's neck with one hand, then pressed
  and fired into the middle of Donovan's exposed lower back with the other.  
AKA knew from experience that it was easy to break
  the contact. The target could jerk. AKA could slip. At which point the stun-gun
  would crackle and flash like a dozen tiny firecrackers, and all could be lost.
  The target might still be able to resist, fight, flee. Thus, AKA leaned into
  Donovan, effectively shoving the already bent boy over onto the bed, falling
  with him as he fell.  
Donovan didn't make a sound, of course. Which was
  one of the nicer features of the stun-gun. It somehow seemed to freeze the
  vocal cords along with most of the rest of the target's body.  
So it was a totally silent Donovan who dropped
  forward, his body stiffening . . . stiffening, then sagging . . . sagging,
  in a matter of seconds turned into a noiseless, unresisting sack of human potatoes.  
Nonetheless, AKA kept the gun pressed into the
  back even then. Experience had taught him that the longer the charge was delivered,
  the longer the target would be putty in his hands. Not that AKA needed a lot
  of time to do the next thing--cuff Donovan's hands behind his back--but it
  was always better to take no chances when unnecessary risks could so easily
  be avoided.  
Only when AKA was certain--he waited for what was
  probably two full minutes--he jumped off and got the cuffs, which had been
  tucked out of sight amid the jumble of phony props and photo equipment in the
  corner.  
Another nice thing about the stun-gun--which AKA
  had used a total of--what?--four times now--was that the target didn't lose
  consciousness. Not really. He might be as limp as a rag doll--as Donovan now
  was--but he was at least partly aware (however zapped his mind might be) that
  something badly, painfully paralyzing had occurred and that someone was responsible
  and that that wasn't good, that wasn't good at all.  
Cuffs in hand, AKA turned back to the bed and saw
  just such an awareness in Donovan's wide, voltage-dazed eyes. Even so, the
  searing mind-fog the stun-gun had unleashed did not lift for another two minutes.  
Even then, as it turned out, Donovan had trouble
  being coherent.  
"Ahhhhh. Mmmmm," he protested.  
Not that it really mattered, because by then AKA
  had begun to fuck him.  
AKA had not intended to actually--not so soon,
  that is--but a lust as intense as any he had ever had swept through him as
  soon as he stood up to survey his newly cuffed captive. Blame it on the boy's
  great butt. Blame on his wonderful legs. Blame on the whole gorgeous seventeen-year-old
  package. Whatever the case, AKA was out of his clothes and into Donovan's ass--having
  sufficiently lathered his cock with the handy, nearby bottle of suntan lotion--before
  the kid even realized what was happening.  
He realized WHILE it was happening.  
"No! Please! Please! Don't do this!"  
It was rather faint, but reasonably clear.  
"But I AM doing it!" AKA hissed into the boy's
  perfect, pink right ear.  
"Please,    . Stop! Stop NOW!"  
Louder this time.  
AKA shoved in that much harder.  
"No," AKA whispered.  
His penis bumped across the lump-hard teenage prostate.  
Again.  
And then again.  
And then again.  
The boy groaned.  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
AKA's dick delved the depths.  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
Donovan sobbed.  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
Fuck!  
Donovan sobbed louder.  
At least the pleading has stopped, thought AKA
  as he buried himself up to the hilt in the boy's lush, tropical, fragrantly
  oiled ass.  
Again.  
And then again.  
And then again.  
AKA could feel the boy's fists tightly bunched
  up against his own belly as he pumped his cock in and out, in and out, in and
  out. He was once again reminded that none of his handcuffed or handtied victims--not
  one--had ever tried to use his hands to block the violently violating cock
  in his ass. It baffled AKA a bit. Donovan could easily have pushed his handcuffed
  hands down, tried to grip or otherwise prevent AKA's cock from doing what it
  was now doing, but, like all the others, the boy simply didn't.  
AKA came. Once. Twice. Three times.  
Or so it seemed, given the awesome triple shudder
  of his ejaculating spasm.  
AKA gasped.  
Once. Twice.  
And then collapsed onto the inert body beneath
  him.  
 * * *  
Both fish and guests are supposed to stink after
  three days, but Donovan, thanks to a shower a day perhaps, didn't. Not at all.
  Yes, there had been a couple of unpleasant things to deal with. There was a
  bad spell of diarrhea on the morning of the second day, for example. Fortunately,
  the new sheets weren't involved. The runs actually served to clean the boy
  out, making him easier to deal with&mdash;both physically and mentally. On
  the afternoon of the third day, the kid suffered a rather dramatic fit of the
  shakes and shivers, caused by what AKA suspected was a low-grade fever, but
  the problem was soon remedied by a few leftover antibiotic tablets AKA happened
  to have on hand. AKA actually fucked Donovan at the height of the fever, enjoying
  the additional tremors rippling through the kid's svelte, smooth, fever-damp
  body. There was the emotional crap to confront as well, of course. Especially
  at the beginning. The crying, the sobbing, the pleading. Soon after the first
  fuck, Donovan had resumed all three. "Why are you doing this?!" Wasn't it obvious? "Please
  don't kill me!! Just don't kill me, okay?!" Why not? "Not again!! Please, not
  again!!" Yes, again, as AKA flipped the boy over onto his stomach for his next
  fuck.  
Donovan's anger was much to be preferred. "You
  goddamned motherfucker!! When I get loose, I'm gonna kill you, you goddamned
  motherfucker!!" A nice thought, but I wouldn't count on it, kid. "You put that
  in my mouth and I'll bite it off! I swear I will!! I'll bite it off!!" The
  boy hadn't, of course, the knife at his throat apparently being a fairly convincing
  deterrent.  
All things considered, then, things went well.
  Donovan wasn't going to win first prize--that still went to the quiet, long-haired,
  loose-limbed busboy from that upscale restaurant AKA had taken Donovan to that
  first time--but he was very far from being the worst. That "honor" went to
  the skinny, red-haired, whining little twerp of a hitchhiker who had so irritated
  AKA that he lasted only one hour on the third floor, one hour being all AKA
  could take before offing the kid with his own dirty white T-shirt.  
By the fourth day, Donovan had more or less settled
  in. There was still the occasional sob. There had been one fairly dramatic
  outburst. "You're going to rot in hell for this!! You hear me!! You're going
  to rot in hell!!" Yeah, tell me another one, thought AKA. But the boy soon
  more or less settled into the routine. A fuck in the morning. A fuck at night.
  If AKA was feeling like it, a midday blowjob. That was the basic pattern.  
What was there to complain about? AKA reciprocated.
  For the blowjobs anyway.  
As AKA had suspected, Donovan sported a more than
  acceptable dick. Elegantly long and lean like the boy himself, it was indeed
  a solid seven inches at full mast. As for the kid's cum? Well, it was as thick
  and rich and white as the whites of the extraordinary gray-green eyes.  
 The eyes alone troubled AKA. They had seemed to pierce to the back of AKA's
  skull the very first time they looked at him. They were all daggers now--smoldering
  weapons aimed directly at AKA's heart.  
 If looks could kill, AKA would be dead for sure!  
AKA hated to admit it, but the look hurt. Enough
  so that AKA actually blindfolded the boy at one point on the second day, just
  to get some relief. But he soon took the blindfold off. AKA preferred to see
  and be seen. It was the only way to really tell what was going on in the victim's
  head, and knowing that  was half the fun, right?  
The handcuffs never came off. Securely locked,
  tight but not too tight, they were the restraint of choice. The boy's wrists
  soon looked like chopped liver, of course, given his repeated efforts to pull
  free. AKA finally had to bandage them, but he did not take the cuffs off.  
Donovan spent most of the time on his stomach,
  his feet spread and tied to the bottom of the bed. AKA did untie him, of course,
  when the boy needed to be on his back. During the knife-to-the-throat cocksucking
  interludes, for example. But for the most part Donovan remained flat on his
  belly, his tightly roped feet pulled far apart, his cutely dimpled, porcelain-white
  ass exposed and ready for action whenever AKA felt the desire to plug it.  
The kid was also gagged any time AKA was going
  to be out of the room. No use risking that the boy's cries--and he would have
  cried out--might be heard, even from the heights of the third floor.  
The boy's car had been dealt with the first day,
  driven and then abandoned in that conveniently unmonitored parking lot AKA
  knew about near one of small local airports. AKA had rather a hike getting
  back home, but he had waited until dark and no one saw him. He was sure of
  it.  
The tape Donovan had so helpfully made had been
  dealt with earlier. Using gloves, AKA had ejected it from the machine, placed
  it in a ziplock bag, and then, before Phil or Carolyn returned home, carefully
  slid it from the bag onto Phil's desk in his study, the house having been accessed
  by means of Donovan's own set of keys. AKA had propped the tape right-side-up
  on the middle of the desk in order to call attention to it, assuming that Phil
  would have the wit at some point to pop it into a player and listen.  
It was days before AKA knew whether he had or hadn't.
  To be precise, it was not until late in the afternoon of Day Three that Phil
  called to say that Donovan had taken off--"Just like that! Up and left!"--and
  that he and Carolyn were trying to respect the boy's wishes and give him some
  time, some space, to sort things out, but what did AKA think?  
Well, AKA thought that they were doing the right
  thing. Of course, he didn't really know Donovan, AKA stressed, but from the
  little contact they had had AKA had been deeply impressed with how mature Donovan
  seemed. No, he hadn't detected any depression or anger. Quite the contrary.
  The boy seemed unusually well-adjusted. Yes, the whole thing was  very
  surprising. But, then, young people in AKA's experience were often deep-running
  still waters.  
Phil never mentioned the tape, and AKA didn't bother
  to ask how he knew Donovan had skedaddled.  
 * * *  
Donovan seemed to know early on that he was not
  going to allowed to go free.  
"That's why you made me make that tape, isn't it?
  So they wouldn't go looking for me. Or not right away. So you'd have time to
  do all the sick shit you're doing to me."  
Donovan was a bit breathless, having just tried
  to kick the "sick shit," as he called it, out of AKA. AKA would later have
  two nasty bruises on his chest to show for it. But AKA--who was a good fifty
  pounds heavier and far more muscular than Donovan--had soon regained control.  
"Yes," AKA said as he prepared to plug the boy's
  butt again.  
He sank in, the kid's well-lubed sphincter once
  again giving way to the invasion with relatively little difficulty.  
Donovan gave a sharp gasp.  
"You're not going to let me go, are you?" the boy
  asked as AKA began to pump.  
"That's right," AKA replied. "You'd tell."  
Then he bit--but not too hard--the back of Donovan's
  neck.  
"I'm not the first one either, am I?"  
"No, you're not the first one."  
AKA bit the neck again, savoring the salty, sweaty
  taste of it.  
"How many"--ugh, ugh--"how many have there been?"  
AKA pumped.  
"You'll make it"--pump--"31."  
"God!"--ugh, ugh--"Oh God!"  
"God"--pump, pump--"has nothing to do with it.
  Now shut up"--pump, pump--"and let me fuck."  
 * * *  
No, Donovan wasn't going to win first prize--Prince
  Valiant, the lithe, long-haired busboy (having had that mysterious extra "something" AKA
  found hard to name) still had the edge--but by the time the sixth day of his
  captivity dawned Donovan was running a very close second. The fucks went truly
  wonderfully now. The sucks too. All way, way above average.  
"You're good at that," AKA said after a particularly
  satisfying post-lunch blowjob.  
"Fuck you!" Donovan said. He had not even bothered
  to try to spit out the cum this time.  
Weakness might have had something to do with it,
  of course. Because the boy had not had any solid food since the first day.
  Plenty of fluids, yes. Water. Cokes. Milk. Regularly imbibed Slim-Fasts, lovingly
  held to the boy's mouth by AKA. But no solid food. As a result, Donovan's admirably
  tall, trim frame was thinner now. Not unpleasantly so. Yet. But definitely
  thinner.  
AKA ran his hand down the cool, firm chest. Donovan
  was sitting up on the edge of the bed, his feet untied. He had no more energy
  for kicking. At the moment, anyway. Not that AKA was worried. He had managed
  the boy when he was stronger. There would be no trouble handling him now that
  he was weaker.  
"You now hold the record," AKA said as reached
  and fondled the boy's genitals. Once again, the cock responded. Despite the
  boy's shame. Despite his on-going fear. Despite his deepening physical and
  emotional weakness.  
AKA knelt and licked the top of the penis. The
  cock immediately jumped and elongated.  
Amazing, just amazing! AKA thought, still surprised
  that a kid could get hard and cum--not once but any number of times--in such
  a situation. Only two had been completely unable to do so, but both had been
  borderline hysterics from the get-go. Disappointments in other ways as well.  
"What record?" Donovan asked, his voice tired,
  flat, defeated.  
AKA opened his mouth and went down on the cock.  
The kid's thighs flexed, his legs straightened
  out from the bed.  
AKA moved his hands down the legs, back up them
  to the boy's waist, around to his back as he engorged the seven long, lean
  satisfying inches to the hilt.  
Donovan groaned in pleasure. It was not a pleasure
  he wanted, of course. There was no conversion to a new and exciting lifestyle
  in process here. AKA was no fool. The boy was being raped and he knew it, would
  never forgive it, and, if given the chance, would make sure AKA paid for it,
  but he responded to the pure physical pleasure of what was being done to him
  whether he wanted to or not.  
Once again, the kid came rather quickly, another
  good, full, rich, savory mouthful.  
AKA pulled free, licked his lips, and sat back,
  his hands on Donovan's knees.  
Donovan had fallen back on the bed, his face toward
  the ceiling. He was breathing hard.  
AKA said, "The record I was referring to was time
  kept. By me. Of somebody like you. Like this."  
He stood up, looked down at the boy.  
God! He was so beautiful! So fucking beautiful!
  Way too beautiful to live!  
Which, of course, was how AKA explained his own
  behavior. Part of it anyway.  
Donovan said nothing. It was not clear he had even
  heard.  
"The record until now was five days. But I've now
  kept you for six."  
Donovan still said nothing, although his breathing
  had eased, his face, relatively speaking, relaxed. His eyes were closed.  
"You're not quite as good a fuck as that  kid," AKA
  continued, "but you give better head, I'll say that for you."  
"Fuck you," the boy more mouthed than said.  
So he was  listening.  
"They're still not looking for you. Isn't that
  unbelievable?! I talked to Phil again yesterday, and he said they had decided
  to give you a week. Then they'd start looking. No police, though, you understand.
  Private detectives. That kind of thing. So I guess all that will get underway
  tomorrow. Your car's just where I left it, by the way. Like I said, unbelievable!"  
A moment's silence.  
"They never will find you, of course. Early on,
  I didn't care about that aspect of things one way or the other. I just left
  the boys where they fell, so to speak. Or dumped them wherever it happened
  to be convenient to dump them. Problem was, the police soon knew there was
  a serial killer on the loose. So I took advantage of some property on the river
  my parents bought. They left it to me. I still own it. I planted any number
  of kids out there for several years running. Not a one's ever been found. But
  there has been a lot of development out in that area in recent years, so, after
  moving here, I bit the bullet so far as disposal goes. That meant dismemberment.
  It wasn't easy, but I had it to do. You're going to be hotter than most. Rich
  and privileged. Family who will care. You really do have to vanish, and vanish
  completely."  
Donovan's breathing had picked up again. His face
  was slowly reddening. He was certainly listening now.  
"I hate blood. Guts. The whole messy inner-body
  business," AKA continued. "You have probably wondered why I haven't done anything
  to make you bleed in any way, right? Well, that's why. I hate that kind of
  thing. I really do. But like it or not, taking a kid apart is the only truly
  safe method of disposal. So, I'll fix myself a stiff drink or two and then
  cut you into pieces. Then gut what's left. The pieces will go into the bay
  on one of those solo late-night sails I told you I like to take. Your hands,
  your arms, your legs, your head, your torso--properly broken down, of course--they'll
  all end up fish-food. As for your innards--your heart, lungs, kidneys, liver,
  all that stuff--I'll wrap them up individually and put them out with the trash
  on alternate days. Keep them frozen until then. As for the guts themselves,
  I'll use them to fertilize the roses. I don't know if you noticed my roses
  when you drove up, but they have really taken off the last few years. I've
  already gotten rid of your clothes, by the way. I deposited them in a Goodwill
  bin on my way out to ditch your car. Some poor, no-account black kid's probably
  already wearing them by now. Oh, but I did keep that sexy swimsuit. And the
  pictures I took. Both those you posed for before I sprang my surprise and all
  those I've taken since. They're already on a disc. I'll be taking it out from
  time to time, popping it into the computer, and remembering. There will be
  the 'after' pictures too once the time comes, but they will be easy enough
  to add."  
AKA was rather shocked at the ferocity of his own
  sadism. He had never let loose on a kid in quite this way before. "Sticks and
  stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me." So the saying went.  
Well, bullshit!  
Because there was no question that AKA's words
  had hurt and hurt badly. Donovan's tightly closed eyes were streaming tears.
  His mouth was open, stretched wide, twisted in horror at the picture AKA had
  just painted. For the first time in his life perhaps, the boy actually looked
  ugly.  
For one awful, black moment AKA felt guilt.  
It loomed up, dark and menacing, like an almost
  palpable monster in the room.  
No! AKA commanded.  
He looked back down at Donovan's silently heaving
  body, at his tragically crumpled face and limp, provocatively exposed genitals,
  and repeated the command.  
No!  
The monster darkened, resisting the order.  
AKA stepped forward, drew back his right fist,
  and then slammed it into the boy's groin, aiming directly for the plump pink
  balls.  
"Aiiiiii!!!!" Donovan screamed, jerking his legs
  up.  
AKA gripped him by the knee and flattened him back
  onto his back, then raised his fist and struck a second blow, directly on target
  again, but even harder this time.  
Again and then again and then again AKA brought
  his fist down on the balls, on the cock, on the balls, on the cock, forced
  more than once to shove the boy's legs apart in order to land the fierce, hard-hitting
  blows.  
By the time AKA finished, Donovan's groin was well
  on its way to being black and blue. His cock already looked bruised, and his
  balls were swelling fast, well on their way to becoming ugly, asymmetrical
  bags of crushed crimson tissue.  
The monster had gone.  
Donovan hiccupped, then convulsed. Blood suddenly
  oozed from his piss-hole.  
"Shit!" said AKA and went to get piece of twine.  
When he returned the boy was on his side, his knees
  drawn up foetal-fashion.  
Once again AKA was forced to pry the legs apart
  and work the boy back onto his back. Mission accomplished, he got up on the
  bed and, facing the kid's feet, straddled Donovan's chest.  
AKA wound the twine as tight as he could around
  the root of the genitals--once, twice--then up and around the cock alone for
  good measure, then, pulling for all the was worth, tied a knot at the base
  of the abused balls.  
The oozing blood ceased as the constriction caused
  by the twine kicked in.  
In less than a minute, Donovan's cock, filled with
  trapped blood, surged to its usual seven inches, then, the blood having nowhere
  else to go, bloated to twice its normal diameter as blue-black veins popped
  out along the congested shaft.  
The battered balls continued to swell--they would
  soon be the size of small oranges if the process continued--but at least no
  more bloody emissions appeared.  
AKA felt spent. He hated it when he lost control
  like that. Damn the boy!  
He got off the bed, went to the foot, and once
  again spread and secured Donovan's long, lean, lightly haired legs.  
He'd let the boy recover--as much as he could anyway--then
  prepare for the final event, the wonderfully inventive--at least, AKA thought
  so--offing of Donovan he had had planned from the start. That would require
  going to the basement, but it would clearly be a while before Donovan would
  be up to walking that far and AKA did not intend to carry him.  
AKA didn't even bother to gag Donovan this time.
  He just left, needing some time to recuperate himself.  
 * * *  
A good nap did the trick. AKA awoke feeling both
  refreshed and confident again. He turned over onto his side and looked at the
  bedside clock.  
5 PM.  
Okay.  
Let the show begin.  
Unlike AKA, Donovan appeared not to have slept
  at all. His eyes were wide open, his face full of strain and exhaustion.  
"Well," said AKA, "the time has come, don't you
  think?"  
Donovan tilted his head and looked directly at
  AKA. His wonderful eyes--slightly red from crying?--no longer pierced to the
  back of AKA's skull. Instead, they seemed to freeze to a halt as soon as they
  made contact with AKA's face.  
Too bad, AKA thought. I had rather come to like
  the dagger-stare.  
The sexily unshaved face had settled back into
  its handsome, high cheek-boned seventeen-year-old contours. There was no more
  ugliness now.  
The body was still fabulous, the battered genitals
  alone marring the stunning perfection of shape and grace of form.  
The bloated cock--now a red so red it was almost
  blue--pointed obscenely toward the ceiling. The swollen balls--now fat little
  blood-oranges, for sure--bulged out below it.  
AKA untied the feet.  
"Up you go," he commanded.  
Donovan didn't move.  
AKA was forced to go around, grip Donovan by the
  back of the neck, and hoist him into a sitting position. The kid was hot to
  the touch, fever once again having made an appearance, it seemed.  
"Please," Donovan pleaded in a low, wracked voice. "One
  last time. Please, please don't do this. We can say I was kidnapped and you
  found me. Anything. Just . . . please don't kill me. I won't tell them you
  did it. I won't."  
AKA ignored him.  
"Up!"  
AKA helped the boy swing his legs over the side
  of the bed.  
Then he helped him stand.  
For a moment, they stood leaning against each other.
  It felt almost brotherly, affectionate.  
Then Donovan pulled away.  
AKA felt a flash of anger, but pushed it down.  
Donovan had to fight to keep his balance, but he
  managed, his blood-engorged cock bobbing absurdly in front of him. He took
  a deep breath, then a step forward, then another, the ridiculous cock dancing
  in the air each time.  
AKA caught him by the arm, both to control and
  direct.  
Donovan let him.  
They slowly made their way out of the room and
  started down the stairs.  
Each step seemed to cause Donovan pain, but he
  at least no longer seemed in danger of losing his balance.  
He turned to look at AKA as they reached the second-floor
  landing.  
"Why? You've at least got to tell me why!"  
"Why you in particular or why this at all?"  
They started down the next flight of stairs.  
"Why this at all? I'm not gay, but a lot of young
  guys are. Why couldn't you just meet somebody and fall in love and have a relationship?
  I don't understand it."  
"Neither do I," AKA replied.  
"I don't believe you. You're an intelligent man.
  You're a handsome man. You have a career. People like you. Nobody would ever
  believe this, right?"  
"Right."  
"So why do it? Forget the risks. Why do it at all?
  What's the point?"  
"The point," AKA answered, "is the pleasure of
  it. It's like no other in the world. At least, not for me."  
"That's no answer," Donovan shot back. "You know
  that's no answer. Why should it give you such pleasure? That's what I don't
  understand."  
AKA was silent.  
"Is it the power trip? Having such power over life
  and death? That must be part of it."  
"Yes," AKA replied. "That's part of it, I guess."  
They reached the first floor.  
The stairs faced the front door. Donovan eyed the
  door longingly, futilely.  
AKA attempted to turn Donovan toward the back of
  the house, but Donovan resisted.  
He continued to stare at the door.  
"My whole life's on the other side of that door," he
  said. "Please. Let me go out and live it."  
AKA kept a firm grip on the arm.  
"No," he said.  
"But"--the voice broke--"I'm only seventeen!"  
"And too beautiful to live," AKA murmured.  
"Too beautiful to live?"  
AKA was silent.  
"Is that it? You hate . . . hate . . . that I .
  . . that I'm good-looking?"  
"I love how you look," AKA responded and tugged
  at the arm.  
"But you're jealous? Are you jealous or something?"  
"Or something," AKA agreed.  
He pulled, and Donovan stumbled forward.  
They resumed their progress.  
"Did somebody do something like this to you? Is
  that it?"  
"No. Never," AKA said. It was true.  
"I just don't understand. I just don't understand."  
They proceeded through the dining room and into
  the kitchen.  
Donovan's bare feet squeaked on the recently waxed
  floor.  
"Did guys tease you? You know, call you names?
  Stuff like that? When you were my age? Is that why you hate me? Us?"  
"That's probably part of it too," AKA admitted,
  once again impressed by Donovan's insightfulness. "I was teased. I did hate
  it. Was hurt by it. But I also loved to look at the guys who did it. I loved
  to fantasize about them. Imagine doing things to them. Having them do things
  to me. Not bad things necessarily. But then something happened. I killed a
  kid my age. My only friend, actually."  
They had reached the door to the basement. AKA
  opened it.  
"But accidentally," Donovan offered, stiffening
  at the top of the stairs. "You didn't mean to, right?"  
"Oh, but I did. I wanted to kill Derrick badly--I
  mean, really badly--and I did. I was lucky, though. Everybody thought it was
  a kinky autoerotic thing that Derrick had done to himself. No one ever dreamed
  it was murder. I didn't even understand that that's what they thought at the
  time, of course. I just knew they didn't suspect me. I was only fourteen."  
AKA pushed Donovan forward, and he began to descend
  the stairs with AKA holding onto him from behind.  
"God. Oh, god," Donovan murmured as they went down.  
"There are only the Dark Gods," AKA said.  
The basement of AKA's house was in three sections.
  The front two continued the usual stuff--a washing machine, dryer, water heater,
  furnace. The rear section, where AKA and Donovan were headed, was different.  
Accessed by a narrow, cement-block passageway--the
  door to which was usually kept locked--it featured a big, badly stained, six-by-four-foot
  butcher's block at one end, and an equally big, and relatively new, storage
  freezer at the other.  
What AKA did on the one, he housed (at least temporarily)
  in the other.  
A locked metal cabinet to the right of the table
  contained the saws and knives AKA had bought once he decided he had to make
  at least some of the bodies disappear, whether he liked what that meant or
  not.  
The room's hard concrete floor sloped toward a
  large floor-drain located in the very center. A length of hose hung nearby
  for washing down it whatever needed washing down.  
"God. Oh, god," Donovan repeated as they made their
  way in.  
AKA nodded toward the butcher's block. "That's
  where I'll take you apart." He nodded toward the freezer. "And that's where
  I'll temporarily store whatever needs storing."  
"This can't be happening. This can't be happening."  
AKA walked Donovan to the center of the room and
  stood him over the drain.  
It was only then that Donovan seemed to notice
  the rope dangling from the solid steel hook in the ceiling.  
He brushed against the rope as AKA positioned him
  above the drain.  
"Rope?"  
AKA reached up and seized the rope and began to
  loop it about Donovan's head.  
"Yes, rope," AKA confirmed.  
"You're going to hang me?"  
AKA pulled the rope tight but not too tight, then
  tied a relatively simple noose knot.  
"Well," he said, "not exactly."  
Having finished the knot, AKA stepped back to admire
  his handiwork.  
"This deserves a picture too, don't you think?"  
Before Donovan could comment, AKA had left the
  room.  
He was gone much longer than Donovan thought he
  would be. It was a good twenty minutes in fact before he reappeared--completely
  naked, carrying a stiff bourbon-and-water in one hand and an expensive, newly
  purchased camera in the other.  
He held the camera up for Donovan to see.  
"I tried a number of the cameras I rented for our
  first session and liked this kind the most. Digitalized and disc-ready and
  all that other the-latest-in-technology shit. No need to go anywhere to have
  anything incriminating developed, the biggest plus. The whole business can
  be taken care of right in the privacy of your own home. Neat, huh?"  
"Neat" had been one of Donovan's favorite words,
  but it had been a while since he had used it. AKA now used it for him.  
AKA took a big swallow of the drink and then placed
  in on the butcher's block.  
Lifting the camera, he began to focus.  
"I would have been back sooner, but the phone rang
  while I was upstairs. Phil again. Somebody finally took note of your abandoned
  car. The thinking now is that you arranged to fly out of the little airport
  that's nearby. Where to and with whom? they're now wondering, of course." Click. "Phil
  seemed almost relieved." AKA moved in order to get a different angle on Donovan.
  Click. "Says they've decided to put off even getting detectives at this point.
  Your father's idea apparently. He thinks you should be given another week.
  Then if they still haven't heard from you, they'll all confer again and decide
  what to do." Click. "They won't, of course. Hear from you, that is. By then,
  you'll be long gone. I should have the last pieces out of here by--what's today?
  Wednesday?--by Tuesday"--click--"at the latest." AKA focused the lens on Donovan's
  swollen genitals. Click. Click. "Those I'll just put down the garbage disposal
  later today. You'd be surprised how easily they slice off and grind up." He
  walked around behind Donovan, focused on the boy's beautiful back and butt,
  and clicked again. "But I think there is time for one last fuck, don't you?" Click.
  Click.  
AKA returned to the butcher's block, put the camera
  down and picked the bourbon up. He took a swig. Then another swig. Then replaced
  the drink and walked back over to Donovan.  
He had begun to massage his cock, which, despite
  the recent demands put on it, hardened soon enough.  
"I'll do this slow and easy," he said as he came
  around behind Donovan. "You need to help, however, or that noose-knot will
  kill you. Too much moving around and you'll be dead. Understand?"  
If Donovan did, he didn't say so, but he managed
  despite the unavoidable heft of AKA's initial penetration to maintain his stance
  pretty well. No serious stress was put on the noose at all.  
AKA encircled the boy's body with his arms and,
  as he had promised, proceeded to enjoy as slow and as easy a fuck as he had
  perhaps ever had in his life.  
"Oh baby!" he murmured into the back of the Donovan's
  head, inhaling the fresh natural male hair smell as he slowly heaved and withdrew,
  heaved and withdrew, heaved and withdrew.  
He let his hands wander down Donovan's chest, across
  his now thinner, tightly flexed abdomen, to the outrageously enlarged cock
  and balls.  
AKA gripped and squeezed the balls, but not too
  violently.  
The slow easy pumping continued, built, and--at
  last--exquisitely, with a prolonged shuddering release of pleasure, climaxed.  
"Ahhhhhh," AKA sighed as the last slippery, slavvery
  shudder subsided.  
"You have been a fabulous fuck," he said as he
  pulled away. "A really unbelievably fabulous fuck. I'm very sorry to see it
  end. I really am."  
Returning to the butcher's block, AKA took another
  big swig of his drink.  
Leaning back, the glass in his hand, AKA looked
  at Donovan who, his face fixed stonily forward, did not return the look.  
Time passed. AKA finished his drink. Neither spoke.  
Inevitably, as the minutes ticked by, the boy was
  forced to move a bit, shift his feet, flex his legs, scrunch and stretch his
  shoulders and arms. They were all getting rather stiff, given how little exercise
  he had had the last few days, a problem now compounded by the highly limited
  range of movement the rope allowed him.  
Finally, Donovan spoke.  
"Just do it, okay. I don't give a fuck anymore.
  Just do it. Hang me if that's what you're going to do. Just get it over with,
  for God's sake!"  
AKA tilted a piece of ice into his mouth and sucked
  on it.  
After a minute, he spit it back into the glass
  and said, "I've done all I plan to do. That's it."  
For the first time in a while, Donovan turned his
  head to look at him.  
A fragile, disbelieving gleam of hope shone in
  the once again piercing gray-green eyes.  
"You're not going to kill me?"  
AKA shook his head.  
"No. I'm not."  
The boy could hardly take it in.  
"You're not going to kill me?" he repeated, astounded
  now, although the look in his eyes remained warily fearful.  
AKA shook his head again.  
"No." He paused for effect. "You're going to kill
  yourself."  
Confusion instantly replaced the flickering flare
  of hope in Donovan's eyes.  
"Kill myself?"  
"Right."  
"But I would never . . . ."  
AKA sniffed.  
"But you will."  
"I don't understand."  
AKA smiled and stood up.  
"You will." He looked down at the empty glass,
  then held it up for Donovan to see. "I think I need a refill, don't you?"  
 * * *  
It took Donovan three hours to figure it out because
  that's how long it took for him to become so uncomfortable, so weary, so distressed
  by the position he was forced to maintain by virtue of the noose around his
  neck that the truth finally dawned.  
The noose was plenty loose. There was no danger
  of it suddenly tightening and doing its job. Donovan would have to make an
  effort to hang himself. Or, more to the point, cease to make an effort. Because
  as long as he remained awake and standing, he was safe. As long as muscle cramps
  didn't cause him to fall or exhaustion make him lose consciousness, he would
  live. If he lost control of the muscles that kept him on his feet, however,
  he would die. If he fell asleep or fainted, he would also die.  
It took him three hours to see it because it took
  three hours for the muscles in his legs, in his back, in his shoulders, in
  his arms, and in his neck to begin to ache, protest, and suffer bigtime.  
AKA had wondered if it would be a tedious business.
  He was prepared, if necessary, to end the whole charade by simply kicking the
  boy's legs out from under him. But it was not tedious. It was not tedious in
  the least.  
Nothing he had ever done was so brilliantly malicious,
  AKA decided.  
Donovan had been weakened by his sickness and captivity,
  but he was, after all, a lean, superbly fit seventeen-year-old. He was also
  a boy with a fair amount of character. He marshaled every bit of it in an effort
  to stay awake and standing. It was an impressive performance, AKA had to admit.  
In the end, six amazing hours passed before the
  first real stumble occurred.  
Donovan and AKA had long ceased to talk. What else
  was there to say? Surely nothing.  
AKA had come and gone, continuing to drink--but
  not so much as to befuddle his wits and so spoil his appreciation of what was
  happening. By the end of the fifth hour, however, AKA could see that the kid
  couldn't last much longer, so he stayed put, having brought down a comfortable
  chair so that he could sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. He had even popped
  some popcorn and eaten it.  
"Like some?" he had asked Donovan, but the boy
  had ignored him.  
It was the left leg that gave way.  
Donovan dropped, the noose gripped his throat,
  his legs flailed in an effort to find solid ground, managed to do so, and he
  was back on his feet, shocked and gasping.  
And still alive.  
He looked straight at AKA, the look no longer daggers,
  but full of defiant rejection.  
DESPITE WHAT YOU JUST SAW, I WILL NOT DO WHAT YOU
  WANT, the look said.  
The boy was also hoping--AKA could tell he was--that
  some amazing, unexpected chance would save him yet. Some unexpected caller
  might arrive who would somehow become aware of his predicament and alert the
  authorities. Some suddenly discovered fact about AKA would arouse suspicion
  and bring the police running. Some accidental sighting of him, Donovan, as
  he drove to AKA's that very first day might finally cause Phil and his mother
  to realize where he really was.  
Something!  
But there was nothing.  
Only a second stumble about twenty minutes later.  
This one was more serious.  
It seemed to take forever for the kid to get his
  feet back under him.  
By the time he did, his face had gone scarlet,
  his eyes had become dazed, and his breathing had been reduced to a ragged,
  rasping rendition of its former self.  
Donovan did not look at AKA this time. He had ceased,
  AKA was sure, to look at anything. Everything he was, was focused in on himself,
  on his will to live, on his desire to stay awake and on his feet, on his hope
  for some wild, unlikely rescue.  
Three strikes and you're out? AKA wondered.  
Which is what it turned out to be.  
Even so, it took another thirty minutes for the
  final drop to occur.  
This time, AKA could see, it was the boy's mind,
  not his body, that betrayed him. Yes, the legs had begun to tremble. The arms
  and torso, too. But there was no question that it was the mind that gave way
  the third and final time.  
It shut down. Just for a moment. But that was all
  it took.  
Donovan's legs immediately splayed, flailed, tried
  to right themselves, even as the rope dug irretrievably--deep--down--into his
  neck, stretching the head violently up and to the left in the process.  
In seconds, the boy's tongue was poking through
  his perfect white teeth, but still he flailed, struggled, his breathing--if
  that's what it was--a garish, guttural, animalistic counterpoint to the disorganized,
  spastic motions of the desperately jerking legs.  
The face darkened.  
The distended tongue inflated.  
The guttural gasping stopped.  
But still Donovan strained to stand up.  
Unbelievably, he finally managed to get his right
  foot in place and push up on it. Unfortunately, he was forced to use the tautness
  of the rope to do so. By the time his left foot found its parallel footing,
  his windpipe was completely closed.  
Even so, for a moment, the boy stood there, as
  if survival, defiance, something might still be possible.  
Then, as if he was going to kneel, Donovan's knees
  slowly sagged forward, and he sank down for the last time.  
What with the rope, of course, he didn't drop far.  
His knees splayed, thereby giving the grotesquely
  enlarged genitals even more prominence than they had had.  
The slim neck stretched.  
The tilted face darkened.  
Whatever light was left in the no longer piercing
  gray-green eyes went out.  
A big bubble of blood gathered in one nostril,
  popped, and was gone.  
AKA came even as it happened.  
 * * *  
The "after" pictures were soon added to the rest.  
As AKA had promised, Donovan's genitals were severed
  and then ground down the kitchen garbage disposal later that same day. The
  roses were dutifully fertilized the next. The midnight sail served its important
  purpose the succeeding night. While the last of the inner-body parts did in
  fact go out with the trash by the following Tuesday.  
There was finally a search, of course. Detectives
  were called in. As were the police eventually.  
There was some confusion about the tape, AKA learned. "There's
  all this clicking on it," Phil reported. "While Donovan is talking. They say
  it sounds like a camera, but who would have been taking pictures while Donovan
  made the tape?"  
AKA had felt a chill run down his spine. Had he
  done something that would put the authorities on the right track somehow?  
But time passed, and nothing came of it.  
By then, of course, Donovan was long gone. His
  disappearance was a mystery that would apparently never be solved. Just as
  AKA had intended.  
Yes, the risks had been many, but AKA had triumphed
  over all of them.  
As the succeeding weeks passed, AKA would occasionally
  get out the swimsuit and jack off in it. He would occasionally pop the disc
  into his computer and revisit the whole amazing episode.  
But Donovan eventually receded as an object of
  interest.  
After a few months, even Carolyn and Phil seemed
  to get bored with it all.  
Carolyn was soon her former classy self again.
  Yes, she was sometimes haunted in the night, according to Phil. She would wake
  up crying, wondering yet again what had happened to her beautiful only son.
  But Phil would once again console her and she would once again go back to sleep,
  to awake more or less rested and ready for her next busy Rich Matron's day.  
Finally, autumn having come and his interest having
  waned entirely, AKA drove to the same Goodwill Store he had used to get rid
  of Donovan's other clothes in order to dispose of the cum-stiffened swimsuit.  
A fairly nice-looking black boy was skateboarding
  out front.  
It took AKA a second to recognize the red-and-white-stripped
  Ralph Lauren shirt Donovan had planned to wear that fateful first and last
  afternoon of modeling, but there was no question that the black boy was wearing
  that very shirt--now a bit faded, of course, but unmistakably good goods still.  
AKA deposited the swimsuit into the big outdoor
  bin, turned, smiled, and waved.  
The black boy, a friendly kid--maybe fourteen,
  maybe fifteen, and rather tall for his age--smiled and waved back.  
AKA walked over to speak to him.  
After all, he had always wanted to know more about
  skateboarding, hadn't he?  
 THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jason


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





