BDSM Library - The Shapeshifter




The Shapeshifter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A science fiction flavored fetish and D/s story, set in a familiar but carefully unspecified (heh) milieu, wherein a submissive bondage and fetish enthusiast meets up with a kinky shapeshifting alien...
All parts of "The Shapeshifter" are (c) 1993, 1994,
William A. Lemieux.  May be freely distributed by cybernetic
media, provided no fee is charged or profit gained.  Hardcopies are 
expressly forbidden without prior consent of the author.  May not be 
published or distributed otherwise without permission.

....... DISCLAIMER, DATCLAIMER, POLICY NOTICE AND DAMAGE WAIVER .........
.                                                                       .
.  While I appreciate the implied (and explicit) compliments, I simply  .
. don't have time to accommodate requests for copies, chapters, etc.    .
.                                                                       .    
.  Any  similarity between story characters and actual persons is       . 
. unintentional and purely coincidental... honest.  The same goes for   .
. any company names you might THINK you've seen before- pure chance.    . 
. After all, I would never stoop so low as to shamelessly plug a vendor .
. that I thought was particularly worthy, such as BR Creations, The     . 
. Stockroom, Remawear, or DeMask- no, that would never do.              .
.                                                                       .    
.  Note: this story may or may not include sex, bondage, discipline,    .
. and other alternative forms of sexual expression.  If the presence or .
. absence of a particular topic is likely to offend you, stop reading.  .
.  Criticism on technique (what little there is) and writing style are  .
. welcomed by e-mail.  Flames will be cheerfully ignored.               .
.                                                                       .
............................. cut here ..................................

 Author's Note: The inspiration for this story came out of a net 
conversation with Young Rob Jellinghaus.  I owe many of the ideas in
this and other stories to a host of other friends and patient fans
including: William Blanton Smith, Dora Gyn, Rich H, Tony Kidson, David
Anthony Robson, Lance Spangler, Crystal Linn Trexler, Tom Yates, 
Avianna Chao, and others too numerous to mention.  Thanks, you guys.




                               The ShapeShifter
                                      by
                                 Bill Lemieux

                                   Part 1

 Lieutenant Mona Binax stood nervously outside Lounge 3, shifting 
nervously from one stiletto heel the other, while desire and
apprehension warred within her.  The note left on her commdeck had been
short and to the point: "Qet wants you.  I have agreed.  Be in Lounge
three, Deck 17, at 1900 hours."  

 Mona had read the note three times, hardly believing the words.  Riki
was "loaning" her to another, and a famous Shapeshifter at that!  She 
thought back on the last year and a half spent with Riki, her lover, 
mistress, and reason for living.  She knew she was stalling, but she 
knew too, that no matter how long she delayed in the hallway, 
eventually she would go in, and perform as ordered, as bravely as
possible.  

 Mona wouldn't dream of displeasing Riki by disobeying her orders.  She
had been Riki's slave for over a year, but more importantly, she was in
love.

 Although she was Chief of Logistics for the entire space station, 
and despite the tough, professional facade she showed to her superiors 
and the people under her command, she was completely submissive to her
lover, Riki.  

 She had met Riki at Dining Out, one of those insufferable social 
functions which her rank demanded she attend.  Riki had been the escort 
of a visiting dignitary, and had made quite a splash in the stations
social circles by showing up in a long and very tight evening dress of 
red patent leather.  But throughout the party she had flirted shamelessly
with Mona, completely neglecting her official date.  Mona certainly 
didn't mind, and eventually she figured out that Riki's VIP escort was
just for show- Riki was cruising for someone very different, someone
submissive... someone like Mona.

 When the VIP liner left the station, Riki stayed behind, having fallen 
hard for Mona.  She had no visible means of support, but Mona learned 
that she was retired, having made a fortune dominating wealthy 
industrialists and even Co-Dominium officers.  Within a week she had 
seduced Mona, introducing her to new frontiers of sexual pleasure, 
fetishes, and servitude.  In another two weeks they had moved in together,
and three months after that, they had married. 

 A passing officer snapped her awareness back to the present. She 
shifted uncomfortably in her restrictive outfit, putting off her 
entrance until the last possible second.  The elaborate clothing was sure 
to make a stir in there, she thought.  Riki's tastes in fashions and the
bodies inside them were not only fetishistic, they ran to the bizarre. 
But Mona seldom gave that a thought.  Their fetishes and their games 
brought both of them such pleasure, Mona was only too happy to comply with
her lover's desires, even if she hadn't shared all of them at first.

 Riki's note had been accompanied by a list of what she wanted Mona to
wear to the lounge.  The list had started with a restrictive skin tight 
jumpsuit with a built in corset, panty girdle and brassiere, and a high 
neck.  Riki called the stretchy, mirror-smooth material "rubbertex", and
it's polished surface gleamed as if made from chrome.  It's shining 
appearance acted as a mnemonic, triggering memories of the earlier days
of their relationship, and her intense curiosity about Riki's tastes. 

 Mona had already had an interest in corseting, a very ancient fashion
and fetish that was unheard of in today's world, where body modifications
were commonplace, and could grant the vain whatever figure one desired 
without discomfort.  Riki told her later that she had recognized a fellow
fetishist when she had realized Mona was wearing a corset under her 
dramatically tailored uniform at the dinner party.  Later, the station's 
library had told Mona that Riki's fetish was an ancient one, but Mona soon
learned to appreciate it's aesthetic appeal, as well as the wonderful 
feelings induced by the stretchy, restrictive material.  Rubber fetishism 
had originated with natural latex rubber, the computer told her, although 
she knew that Riki's rubbertex was a synthetic with more in common with 
the new organic metal alloys than with latex.  It was far more elastic and
much stronger than natural rubber, which she herself had never actually 
seen, and wasn't likely to.

 Riki was very fond of rubber, at least on her slave.  She herself also
wore leather fairly often, but forbade it to her slave, probably to
protect her from any possible legal entanglements.  Her leather was not a
synthetic like most people wore, but real animal hide that she obtained 
from some off-station grey market contact.  Her favorite colors were red, 
black, white and metallics, and she delighted in flaunting her 
unconventional fashions at the more conservative members of station 
society.

 The jumpsuit which Mona wore today included a very tight corset 
section from hips to breasts, which was stiffened thoroughly with hull-
metal boning, light, thin, and very stiff.  Corsets, while an anachronism,
were actually enjoying a renaissance among the more decadent and vain 
members of Co-Dominium society, despite the advent of faster and more 
comfortable medical techniques which could deliver the same look safely,
and without discomfort.  But a few had asked Mona about her chosen figure,
and her erect posture and swaying gate when off duty.  Apparently, some of
those had experimented, and found the compression and stiffness of the 
ancient fetish an entertaining novelty in this post-modern universe of 
ease and comfort.

 Mona's thoughts moved up to the day when Riki had first talked about body
mods with her.  It turned out that she was one of those people who chose 
to live on the edges of societal standards, and now Mona had joined her 
there.  Like so many others, Mona had already taken advantage of a little 
of what the body shops had to offer, but Riki had more radical tastes, and
with very little effort, she had persuaded Mona to undergo a host of 
extensive body mod.  The first had been inspired by Mona's corseting, 
which was a new experience even for the decadent Riki.  It was merely the
removal of Mona's two lowest ribs and a dramatic narrowing of her natural 
waist, yet Mona was no less uncomfortable the incredibly tiny corset 
section of today's garment, since it had been made for her only a few days
ago. 
 

 Riki had showed her a graphic of an ancient Victorian Age woman, who's
foundation garment gave her an astounding hourglass figure.

"Your waist is already small, lover," Riki had said, "but think what a 
stunning figure you would possess with a waist like that!  You know, I'd
love to be able to reach my hands around you..." 

 Instead of the usual hooked busk, the corset in her jumpsuit made use of
flexible magnetic fastener strips similar to the ones in her uniform.  The
tabs in the corset however, as in most of the clothing Riki had made for 
her, were far more powerful, and could be selectively polarized by a hand-
held wand.  They were quite impossible to open without it- Mona had tried,
more than once.  Instead of laces, it utilized one-way ratchets of very 
thin hullmetal embedded in the rubber.  They had to be mechanically 
tightened with a tool in their bedroom before the latches would meet.  
With the latches closed, her waist measured just 38cm around.  Just as she
had fantasized, Riki could now make her fingertips meet when she closed her
hands about Mona's waist.  

 The corset suit also featured a rough texture within the form fitted 
breast cups, with a few small bumps molded in just for fun and even larger
rubber warts at strategic places in the crotch.  As if this weren't
enough, Riki had ordered her to slather lubricating jelly all over the 
inside of the garment, so that with every step or turn, its surface slid 
across Mona's breasts and between her labia, with very distracting results.
Mona found that she was hard pressed to stand up, let along walk without
wobbling!

 The next items on Riki's list had been thigh high boots of the same 
stretchy material, equipped with heels over 15cm tall.  They molded 
tightly to her legs, were pulled up over the legs of her panty girdle, and
were fastened by more of the same magnetic strips around the tops of 
the girdle legs.     

 As so often happened, she'd got a serious case of the hornies about half
way through getting dressed, and her faintly throbbing sex had been slowly
but steadily adding to the moisture inside the already damp and slippery 
jumpsuit.   To make matters worse, she had on impulse, slathered herself
and the inside of the suit with their favorite lubricant.  She was already
regretting that act, as the tight material slithered across her skin with
every movement, as she continued to dress.  She was grateful that Riki 
hadn't seen fit to include any mechanical or electronic devices today, and
that the material as well as the seams where he boots overlapped, was 
waterproof.

 Riki had quite an arsenal of custom made toys.  Some were painful, and
others delivered very pleasurable sensations indeed!  Many were custom 
made to fit some part of Mona's anatomy, or to attach to one of her myriad
body piercings.  It was fortunate for her that modern medicine had made
them as fast, safe and relatively easy as her other body mods.  

 Besides the dramatically reduced waist, Riki had talked her mate into 
several other exotic changes, and while they must have cost a fortune, she
never once discussed the prices.  

 Mona had debated with herself about a drastic breast enlargement for a
long time, having experimented with several shapes and sizes over the 
years.  With Riki's enthusiastic urging, she actually went overboard. 

 Where before, she had been moderately small in the bust, she now sported
breasts better suited to a Phirnadan.  They were so large that all of her
uniforms had to be custom tailored.  When her somewhat amazed seamstress 
measured her, her new bust line was 152cm, and her cup was a EE!  They were
improbably high, firm, and round for a human, and at first she thought, 
entirely too large for her smaller frame, but she had gradually got used 
to them, as they provided endless entertainment for both Mona and her 
mistress, (not the least of which were the occasional stupified stares of 
clueless humans).  In her research, she had read about the primitive early 
methods for achieving the same results and had been horrified at the 
complications that so often resulted.  Not for the last time, she was 
grateful that the body shops were able to grant her body the features she 
wanted, more or less naturally. 

 But Riki hadn't been satisfied.  She wanted Mona's body to be turned into
a plaything, a toy for their mutual amusement.  As the two lovers had
grown closer, and their desire for more exotic and bizarre entertainment
increased, Mona found herself submerging in Riki's tide of fetishistic
lust, until there was almost nothing she would deny her lover.

 Mona's nipples had been enlarged and extended until they were roughly two 
cm. in diameter, and three cm. long when erect.  They were pierced near
the base and the holes had been stretched, enabling her to take large 
rings, weights or other toys.  They had been sensitive enough before, Mona
thought, but after the piercings, they were very sensitive indeed, such 
that she routinely wore bandages over them when in uniform, to keep from
being distracted during her shift.

 Since her earlobes were another of Mona's favorite erogenous zones, Riki
had had them enlarged enough to allow large piercings as well, and Mona 
often wore as she did today, fat rings which she could suspend various
weights from.  Today she had opted for a pair of heavy 5cm steel balls,
anodized bright blue.  

 One of her own ideas was to have her clitoris and labia pierced as well.
 Riki had agreed with almost pathetic eagerness, although she had insisted
on having Mona's clit enlarged radically first.  Mona had requested, and 
been granted, five small piercings down each minor labia, and six larger 
holes in the major labia.  

 Before long, they found that Mona couldn't quite handle some of Riki's 
larger toys, or her hand, something that Mona desperately wanted to 
experience, so Riki had Mona's anal and vaginal muscles stretched and then
strengthened with electronic exercisers in her sleep.  (It had felt so 
good, she remembered, that she had had to resort to artificial sleep 
induction during the eight days she had endured the process.)  Later, Riki
had introduced her to the joys of fisting, and Mona had to admit that her
more accommodating passages were a positive addition.

 She had large piercings in her nasal septum and her tongue.  Her tongue
itself was a work of art, in fact- it had been lengthened dramatically, 
and had muscles added, allowing her to extend it almost 15 cm from her 
mouth, like a Frint.  They had had that done during an extended leave, 
since it had required some internal modifications to her skull and jaw 
(which she didn't like to think about) and had necessitated a spot of 
speech therapy before she could speak clearly again.

 Even the tongue mod had not been enough to satisfy Riki's extreme tastes.

 Mona's gag reflex was now for the most part disabled, although she found
she could summon it voluntarily to keep from choking.  She wondered about
this until much later when Riki ordered her to service two male friends of
hers, a task which Mona was now quite overqualified for. 

 At first, she almost rebelled, but after she relented, she found to her 
surprise that she could enjoy sex with men as well- their bodies were just
bodies after all, and there were ways to enjoy them that were different 
from, neither better nor worse than, women's.  She had thought she was 
strictly lesbian, but with Riki's understanding help and contagious good 
natured obsession with sex, she discovered herself to be bisexual instead,
although she still insisted that she was a dyke first.
It during that same incident that she found out that her mistress enjoyed 
watching her slave service other people.   

 She found another reason for her lack of a gag reflex when Riki decided
to immobilize her, taking control of all her bodily functions for 24 
hours.  That included eating, which was performed through a tube snaked 
into her stomach, and elimination, via catheters.  She also experienced
her first enema that day, and to her surprise, nearly had an orgasm from
it.  At the start of that day, she had been unimpressed with her physical 
helplessness, her dependency on Riki for simple body functions, but she
soon became a little aroused by this idea, yet another way to surrender
control, and the idea of being threaded, pierced, and penetrated in every
way possible, became an increasingly arousing game for them.  

 And THAT had led Riki to seek out and negotiate today's scene with the 
Shapeshifter, Qet.

 Riki wasn't fond of hair, keeping her own red locks cut raffishly short,
so Mona's entire body was now permanently hairless.  She routinely wore
wigs while on duty, to prevent her being mistaken for a Deltan, who were 
constantly being propositioned and pestered, due to their well-known 
reputations for sexual expertise.

 In short, Mona had gradually been turned into Riki's image of an 
idealized, customized, sex object.  And she found herself loving it.

 The third item on the dressing list had been long gloves in the same 
tight, mirrorlike material, which fastened to her jumpsuit at the 
shoulder.  The gloves had been custom made for her by one of Riki's many 
technical friends, and had "memory metal" splints molded into the 
forearms, wrists, palms, and fingers.  Once they were put on, she pressed 
a small stud at the back of each wrist, which stiffened the splints,  
making it impossible to bend her wrists or flex her hands or fingers.

 The last item on the list was new to her, and incongruous with the rest.
 Made from transparent plastic in a neutral grey color, the material was 
cut in a very loose jumpsuit pattern, yet with snug fitting cuffs at the 
collar, each wrist, and the ankles.  When she moved to put it on over her
other clothes, a loud slithering rustle came from the material, and 
continued  with each and every movement.  With her nearly useless hands, 
she had considerable difficulty with it, but fortunately, it had normal 
closures, and she eventually got it on and closed.  Once donned, the loose
cut evoked slipping and sliding noises every time she moved any part of 
her body, and the transparent plastic showed very clearly what she wore 
underneath.  At least now it appeared more or less tasteful, with the 
slightly darker material over her corset-jumper.  Mona had been appalled,
none the less.

 The walk to the lounge had been heaven and hell, as she tried 
desperately not to gasp or otherwise reveal her intense arousal to the 
passing residents and crew.  Her skin tingled with energy, and each 
movement of her limbs felt like a kind of subtle massage, sending waves of
pleasure through her.  More than once, she had sagged against a bulkhead 
or the wall of a crowded elevator as she grimly suppressed the signs of her
arousal, and more than once, concerned bystanders had asked if she was
all right.  
 
 Now, in the corridor outside the lounge, she looked over every surface, 
making sure it met Riki's criteria of "shiny, tight & tidy".  Each item 
she wore today was as shiny as chrome with a texture so smooth and 
reflective it looked like real metal, with the exception that it was
flexible and elastic.  Each had been polished until it reflected an image
like a mirror.  The rubberlike material fit tightly, and without 
wrinkles, making her look more like an old-fashioned humanoid robot than 
a person.  She pronounced herself ready for inspection, took a deep 
breath, and walked toward the door.  

 It slid open.  Immediately on the other side of it was the largest and 
most fearsome looking Felynx she had ever seen.  He bared his fangs and 
glared at her before pushing past and moving off down the corridor, 
flexing his claws and growling under his breath.

 When she realized that his bad mood wasn't directed at her, she heaved a 
sigh of relief and looked around the room.  Riki was sitting at a table 
only a few meters away, sipping on something tall and cold, and smiling in
her direction.  She headed over, waited for Riki's nod, and sat down.

 Riki grinned around the rim of her glass.  "You look good enough to eat, 
lover.  How do you feel?"

 "You ought to know how I feel!" hissed Mona desperately, "I nearly came
just from walking down the hall!"

 "Good," replied Riki in an infuriatingly calm tone, "It will help you get
in the mood.  Do you want a drink or something to calm you down?"

 "Um, I don't think so.  I want to be clear headed when I meet him, ahh,
it, er whatever... I don't want anything to muddle my head.  Does that
make sense?"

 "Actually yes, perfect sense.  For a change.  But enough chit-chat.
Qet is waiting for you.  Are you ready?"

 Mona took the hint and looked down.  "Yes, mistress.  Where is he?" 

 "Not here, the station news people have been hounding him ever since he
arrived.  I've reserved Gymnasium 2 for a ah, private workout, so you 
won't be disturbed.  Qet will be waiting there."

 Mona took a deep breath.  "Yes, mistress."

 "One more thing."

 "Yes Mistress?"

 "He probably won't look at all like what you've seen in the news media.
You should be prepared for anything."  She looked at the watch dial implant 
under her thumbnail.  "Now scoot- you don't want to be late."

 Mona scooted, walking as fast as her teetering stilettos would allow her
and thinking about that last warning.  She tried to imagine what form he
might take, and what he might wish to do with her... or more importantly,
TO her.  Her imagination failed her. 

 She hurried along, fearing a reprisal for being late, and wanting 
desperately to make her mistress happy, yet having a very real difficulty 
staying upright as the lubricant made every slithering motion of both her 
tight corselet and the loose flowing jumpsuit into a lovers caress.  She 
fought to keep control.  She couldn't fail.  In Riki, she had found a new 
meaning of life- her lover and mistress had come to fill her entire being,
to occupy almost all her waking thoughts, such that she had to consciously
push her from her mind before she went on duty.  

 But for the next twenty four hours she was off duty, and she was only too 
happy to be able to please her lover.  The more so, since things that 
pleased Riki were more often than not, thoroughly enjoyable for Mona as 
well..

 She arrived at Gymnasium 2 and looked around.  There were a few passers-
by, but no one seemed to think her mode of dress worthy of a second 
glance, despite the fact that she felt nearly naked in her revealing 
outfit. 

 She paused long enough to offer a silent prayer to anybody who might be
listening that the being on the other side of the door would not be too
frightening, would not be too deranged, or twisted much farther than she
was, that it (he?) would leave her in more or less the same condition 
that he (it?) would find her in.

 She looked around the corridor again, feeling almost like a criminal.
There was no one around.  She approached the door, let it slide open in
front of her, and walked in, her pulse pounding in her ears.

 The gymnastics room looked empty, with the exception of the usual 
features: pads on the floors and walls, racks and hardware and other 
implements on the ceiling, walls, and floor.  The entire room was 
furnished in white, including the padding.  The ceiling was about at least
5 meters high, and scattered about the room were various pieces of 
equipment including a vaulting horse, rings, parallel bars, and so on.  
One wall was apparently set up for dance, with a full-height mirror and a 
handrail running the length of the wall.  There was no one else visible.

  There was a chair just inside the door, and a note on the chair.  
She picked it up.

 `Disrobe completely, then stand in the center of the room.'  

 She was wondering how she was expected to open the catches on her 
clothing when she noticed the polarizing wand lying under the chair.
  
 That presented a further difficulty, since she could hardly pick it up 
with her helplessly confined hands.  Eventually, she managed to clamp the
wand between her jutting breasts, while compressing them with her upper 
arms, and poke at the glove switches with the end of the wand.  Once her 
arms and hands were free, the rest was relatively easy.
 
 After removing the rustling plastic jumpsuit, she used the wand to 
release her gloves and boots.  When she used it to unlatch the corselet, 
it nearly flew off her from the tension, forcing a gasp out of her as the 
pressure on her abdomen was suddenly relieved.  She was nude now, but she
hesitated before moving away from the door.  She still could see no one 
else.  Perhaps Qet had had a change of heart?  She took a few tentative 
steps toward the center of the gym.

 "Qet?" she called out. 

 There was no answer.  She stood shivering a moment, before realizing it 
was fear, and not the comfortably warm room that made her quake.  A gobbet
of the lubricating jelly, now mixed with sweat and her own lubricant, slid
down the inside of one thigh, distracting her for a moment.

 She walked to the center of the room.  There was nothing there but a 
shiny black platform, like a dais, no more than 15 cm tall, standing out 
starkly against the clean white decor of the room.  It was obviously 
intended for her.  She stepped onto it, her heart beating hard again, but 
determined to overcome her fear.  Where was he?  

 The room was silent, yet she sensed a tension in the air.  What the hell 
was going on here?  She stood peering around the room, gradually getting 
braver.  

 "Qet?  Qet!  Come on out!  No fair hiding!  Come out and play!"

 A low laugh close behind her made her jump, but she managed to stifle 
the tiny scream that had threatened to emerge.  Twisting to turn around, 
she found that her feet were stuck to the floor somehow.  She looked down
and saw that the black platform had changed.  To her astonishment, it had
flowed over and around her bare feet, encasing them, fastening them to the
floor.  Now she realized her mistake- she had been STANDING on Qet's body!
The erstwhile platform had a mouth.  That was all- no face, just a 
humanoid mouth formed out of the shiny black material.  Could this glossy 
smooth and ebony material really be his body?

                                   -==-

 "Relax," said the mouth, "trust me.  If everything Riki has told me about
you is true, you'll enjoy this."

 "Um," was the only thing Mona could manage at first.  "That is, I mean,
yes Master."

 "Ah, so you have not forgotten why you are here.  Good.  If you are 
wondering why I'm not in the shape of a humanoid, it was a test.  I wanted
to see your reaction.  Not bad, for being unfamiliar with my kind.  Most 
of you don't react that calmly to one of us.  And I admit- maintaining a 
lot of your humanoid details is tiring."

 Qet was moving toward the parallel bars, flowing like a thick fluid,
pulling her embedded feet along, forcing Mona to walk awkwardly with him. 
There was no sign of the rigid black platform now.  His body was 
essentially shapeless, looking like a pool of thick, shiny black tar.  He 
slithered along one support column to the high bar, enveloping it, until 
it had become merely a thicker, (and now glossy black) bar.  The mouth 
formed again.

 "Now, let us begin," announced the disembodied mouth.

 Mona noted dispassionately, even as she steeled herself for what was to
come, that the mouth itself appeared quite human, female actually, with 
full and slightly pouting lips.  In fact, it looked somehow familiar.

 Without warning, a pair of tendrils (tentacles?) shot out from the black
mass covering the bar, enveloping her wrists and eliciting a short squeal
of fright from her.  His... flesh? skin? felt warm and dry, though she 
had half expected him to be cold and slimy for some reason.  Inexorably, 
he pulled her hands up to reach the bar, forced them around his flesh.  
With alarm, she watched her hands sink in until they were wrapped tightly
around the bar and enveloped completely within the glossy black coating.  
Some part of her realized he was being careful, that he appeared to care 
about her safety and comfort, and she began to relax into the scene, seeing
the animated bundle of tar more as a very bizarre sex toy than as a threat.
 
 Then she reminded herself that this `toy' had a mind within it, was far 
stronger, certainly faster, and probably more massive than she.
 
 "Interesting, no?" said Qet's voice from somewhere.  Mona thought his 
voice had a much deeper tone than it ought to, for not having a body.  
"But I haven't even begun to entertain you."

 She felt movement below, looked down, and saw two more pseudopods, 
anchored at the end supports of the parallel bars, envelope her ankles and
draw them apart.  As they separated, more of her weight came on her hands
until she was stretched as taught as she had ever been on any of Riki's 
bondage furniture.  The sensation of having her hands and feet EMBEDDED in 
something warm and soft and ALIVE yet inescapable, was quite different 
than mere leather cuffs chained to a wall!

 "How would you like to start with s simple flogging?  Riki tells me
you have grown to like that."

 "If it pleases you, Master," Mona managed to reply, her voice quavering
with excitement and fear.  Mona's strongest passion was for bondage
however, and he probably knew it.  The tension in her limbs had begun to
translate into a delightful feeling of inner sexual tension.

 The first blow came as a shock- she had not expected it- had not thought
about how Qet might flog her.  She turned her head as well as she could
and saw yet another pseudopod extending from the bar above her, and 
ending in several long tails, which came whistling down on her backside
even as she turned her face away.  The sight had been more than a little
unnerving.

 The strokes were not love pats, but neither were they hurting much, she
noted.  He seemed to know what he was doing.  Each stroke landed in a
narrow area on her derrier, and the width and weight of the "cats" was 
such that it felt more like a stern spanking than a whipping.  She felt 
her eyes water a bit, but she was already adjusting to it and before 
long, the warmth in her bottom began to spread forward into her sex, and
down into her legs.  Qet chose that moment to switch tactics.

 "I shall not permit you to become bored," came the disembodied voice.  
She couldn't see where he was speaking from this time.  Some detached part
of her noted wryly how pedantic and formal was his manner of speech.  She
wondered if he had learned it by watching any of the same old "movies" 
that she and Riki had learned to love.  Then her attention was drawn back 
to the present.  Her hands were being slid apart until the pseudopods 
holding them moved down around the frame, keeping her arms taught to the 
sides, but now held straight out from her shoulders.  As she watched, two 
more tentacles formed out of the material covering the bar above her, and
drooped down to her breasts.  Each tapered to a small rounded point, 
looped itself through her nipple piercings, then merged with itself again.
Her nipples stiffened immediately at this intimate touch.  Where the 
pseudopod ends had merged together, they now spread out and over her 
nipples and then areolas, covering them.  She felt them being pinched or 
gathered somehow within the gleaming black blobs, and realized they were
being constricted at their base.

 The pseudopods tightened then, pulling her massive breasts up by the 
nipples, and she was suddenly grateful for their above average size and 
her large piercings.  Qet pulled them higher, in fact pulling them 
directly in front of her face, eventually forcing her up on tip-toe to 
lessen the discomfort.  She stared at the bizarre sight of the front half
of her breasts disappearing into the gleaming black stuff.

 She tried wiggling her fingers and toes experimentally, and found they
became harder to move as soon as she did so.  It felt as if her 
extremities had been embedded in rubber cement- slightly flexible, but 
entirely secure and immobilized.

 "How does that feel, little one?" asked the richly modulated voice.

 One part of Mona's mind thought dispassionately that he must have a real 
gift for languages, to have picked up Standard so quickly.  The other 
part, which was in charge right now anyway, answered him automatically, 

 "Very good, Master."

 "Hmm. Let's see..." came that same voice.  For some reason, his 
thoughtful tone sent a shiver down Mona's spine.

 In a moment, she felt, but could not see, something caressing her 
clitoris, bringing it further to life, then threading its way through 
the piercing.  She felt a brief tug and she gasped, then felt another.
 He tightened, slowly building up tension on her clitoris, past the point
of titilation, and on into discomfort, but the stretching stopped just 
short of real pain.  

And held her there.  

 Then slowly, it relaxed, just a little, before it tightened again.
As soon as it became tight, the pressure and tension on her nipples
relaxed, then tightened, as the cycle down below repeated.  This went
on for several minutes, gradually building speed, until she climaxed
explosively, straining at her bonds and shouting through clenched
teeth.  To her distracted surprise, the cycles didn't stop at that
point, but continued to accelerate until they were a pistoning motion,
then a vibration, tugging hard, but still not quite to the point of pain.
For a little while, she strained to think clearly, wondering how Qet knew
what her limits were, but before long, the rest of her body shouted back 
`shut up and enjoy this!'

  She came again, much harder this time, shouting Riki's name in a long,
drawn out growl.

 "My, my, you are a noisy little minx, aren't you?" said Qet, this time
from a mouth she could see, hovering only a few centimeters from her
face.  As she stared at the mouth on its stalk, it changed color, quickly
changing from polished ebony to a natural skin tone, the teeth inside to
polished white, and the lips to a lipstick color remarkably like the 
bright red "candy" color Riki liked to wear.  Now she knew where she had
seen that mouth before, and she shuddered- he was mimicking Riki's.

 "But I have a solution for that, my little sex machine.  Give me a 
kiss."

 Mona blinked.  She gulped.  She had thought about this since Riki first
told her of her plans with Qet, but somehow, she had expected him to take 
the form of a man or woman- something she could relate to.  Now she had 
to kiss a disembodied mouth on a long stalk, growing out of a blob of 
shiny black skin.  A part of her recognized that he had refrained from
forcing it on her, though he could have done so with ease.  She fought 
with herself, then decided that it just didn't matter.  She had already 
given up her sex, her breasts, her limbs, to her new (if temporary) 
master.  Her mouth and throat were just more body parts, and they were 
his to do with as he (or Riki) pleased.  She smiled uncertainly, closed 
her eyes, and stretched forward.  The mouth met hers, and a very realistic
feeling tongue probed between her lips.  She moved her own prodigious 
tongue into his mouth in turn, and was startled to hear him speak until 
she remembered that he could extrude a mouth wherever he wanted to.  It 
struck her as funny, that he had achieved the old saying about being able
to "breathe through his ears", until she realized what THAT implied. 
Suddenly, she was both sobered, and weak in the knees.

 It ocurred to her that she was giving in to him.

 "Oho!  Now Riki didn't tell me about that!  Interesting!  Much nicer
than the other humans here.  It is an enhancement, yes?  Pity you can't
do more with it, such as THIS."

 She felt the tongue swell within her mouth then, felt his lips melting, 
flowing between hers, gripping her teeth, as he pressed inexorably into
her, filling her mouth with a living gag.  Within seconds, her cheeks 
were distended, and her mouth filled to capacity- she couldn't have 
uttered a sound more than a grunt.  She hoped that Riki knew this...
person? entity? better than she did.  His capabilities were only now
becoming clear, and once again, she knew fear.

 "You know," he said from somewhere above her, "this gives me an
extraordinary idea!"  Rather than elaborate, he suddenly released her
hands and feet, dropped from her breasts, let go her clitoris.

 She was now attached to the top of the parallels by a living gag
wedged within her mouth.  As she watched, he thickened the connection,
flowed off the bars, and began spreading himself over her head and neck.
 Before long, he had covered most of her torso in a heavy, thick layer,
and was removed from the bars.  He had thoughtfully left her face 
uncovered, but that was all.

 "Now stand still, and Master Qet will show you something really
different!" he said.  

 She felt the vibration of his speech on her ribs and realized he'd formed
a mouth right on her back.  He continued to flow over her body, with
amazing speed, coating every inch of her in a thick layer that conformed
perfectly to her contours.  She felt the weight of him settle evenly upon
her, and was amazed that he wasn't heavier.  All the while, he kept that 
one pseudopod connected, filling her mouth, and stifling speech.

 "Alright.  This is going to be fun!  Walk over to the mirror," he 
commanded.  

 Since her mouth was still gagged with him, she didn't bother attempting
a reply.  She walked over to the mirror wall.  The feeling of his skin/
body covering hers in a heavy, tight, and warm embrace was similar, yet 
delightfully different from the rubbertex outfits she had come to love.  
The sight in the mirror however, staggered her.  She appeared no different
to the eye than if she had been dressed in one of Riki's skin-tight 
rubbertex catsuits!  Qet's skin glistened like polished ebony over the 
entire surface of her body, revealing every ripple of her muscles, shaping
each curve perfectly.

 "What do you think?  Perhaps some high heeled boots might be in order?
They do feel so good to you, don't they?  And of course, they can make
walking sooo difficult.."

 With surprise, she felt her heels being lifted from beneath, and the
faintest of flowing sensations over her legs, as Qet formed a pair of
stiletto heels beneath her feet.  Her feet bent slowly, being forced
to curve back, conforming to an ever-increasing arch until she was 
forced up onto her toes.  She had to grab the rail for balance.  When
she looked down, she found herself wearing a pair of ballet-toed boots
with heels that must have been fully 20cm tall or more.  The boots flowed
seemlessly into the rest of her "living suit".  She felt a subtle 
stiffening around her legs, and tried flexing them.  Her legs were now 
quite rigidly encased from the thighs down.  She took her hand from the
rail and tried to strut a few steps.  Her "boots" were rigid, preventing
her knees or ankles from bending, so she shifted her hips to lift her
feet from the floor, swinging her legs in a comical strut, in an attempt
to walk but lost her balance almost immediately and would have fallen 
headlong but for the rail.  

 "Here now, we can't have that!"  said Qet's voice within her head
(he was speaking right into her ears, she realized).  "How about
something to keep you upright?"

 Mona felt the soles of her "boots" soften and flow for a moment.  She
looked down to see a spreading pool below her.  It shaped itself into a 
thin square tile about a meter on a side and perhaps one cm tall, then 
suddenly acquired the appearance of polished marble.  Her boots never 
changed their shape or rigidity, and she marvelled at his control.

 "There!  Something to display my little mannequin on!  Now then, first
I'll add some color to those drab looking boots... no, no, not that, no,"
she heard, as the rigid material encasing her legs cycled quickly through
various patterns and colors, finally settling on a brilliantly polished
bright red, with black lines of trim.  She moved to center herself on the
tile, but found that her boots were now stuck fast to it- she could not 
budge her feet (or any other part of her legs) a single centimeter.  

 Of course, she thought- it's all part of him.   Well, at least now I 
don't have to worry about falling over.  

 She let go of the rail that she had been so desperately clinging to.

 "Now then, perhaps a corset?"  

 Instantly, Mona felt her waist being very slowly but irresistibly 
compressed, could in fact SEE it eerily shrinking in the mirror.  At the 
same time, lines appeared around her torso, imitating the design of a 
corset, executed in shining black and gold.  In very short order, she was
having a hard time getting air before she remembered to shift her 
breathing to her chest, which caused her ridiculously large bosom to heave 
provocatively.

 Her waist now looked as small as it ever had in any of Riki's corsets, 
shaping her into a perfect, if somewhat exaggerated, hourglass figure.

 "Now about those teats of yours- there must be something we can do..."

 She felt his flesh shift around her chest, felt her suit-lover, as she
had come to think of him, gathering up her breasts.  She felt thin 
tendrils invade her nipple piercings again, then she squirmed with 
pleasure as the tendrils thickened within, stretching her nipples.  She 
watched in the mirror with distracted amusement as her nipples were 
drawn out into short thick fingers protruding within the coating of his
flesh, then stared in awe as he compressed her breasts from the base
forward, squeezing them out into incredible bullet shapes.  The 
sensations were exquisite, but he was far from done with her yet.

 "Okay.  Now, I can do this."  She felt a sudden intense throbbing 
accompanied by quick repeated tugs within her nipples and breasts.  She 
moaned her approval.

 "Or, I can do this," he continued.  Sudden sharp pains shot through her
breasts, then were gone just as quickly, before she could even trace their 
origin.  "You see," he added, "I can be a capricious piece of clothing.
I think however, that I shall be quiet and entertain you.  I get far 
more enjoyment from your pleasure than from your pain, and it is getting 
complicated enough without my having to talk too.  Hang on to your 
libido human, this is going to be a great deal of fun!"

 The first thing he did was to ooze over her face, covering all but her
eyes and nostrils.  Next the pseudopod gagging her mouth pushed at the
back of her throat, then passed her windpipe and began slithering
into her stomach.  Once again, she was grateful for her suppressed gag
reflex.  She felt a surge of alarm, and wondered how safe this
was, for her and for him!  But Riki had told her that he, like all the 
Shapeshifters, had a physiology so alien, there were no diseases one 
could catch from them, and that they kept themselves fastidiously clean. 

 Nevertheless, the sensation of him filling her mouth to capacity, 
blocking speech, and now even filling her stomach, was incredibly 
arousing for her.

 Shortly after that, her "suit" could be felt fooling around in her
crotch.  He found and attached himself to each of her piercings, then a 
finger inserted itself into her cleft, rose higher, and thickened.  And 
thickened.  ANT THICKENED, stretching her open.  Just as she felt that 
she would burst, he stopped, and another pseudopod insinuated itself into
her rear passage.  

 Oh god, Mona thought.  The way he's moving, what he's doing, he must know
everything about me.  Riki said she might would tell him anything, or even
everything.  What if he..?

 The finger in her rear stretched her, swelled larger, filled her rectum
to capacity.  She felt it travelling even higher inside her, filling her
insides from this new direction.  

 Jee-zus, she thought, it's like an enema of living flesh!  Oh god, it 
feels so good....
 
 The flow continued until her belly was visibly distended.  She saw in the
mirror how he had compensated for her swelling abdomen by changing the 
shape of her corset, yet the compression of her waist had not relented. 
She felt near to swooning, the sensations were so intense.

 More action in her crotch.  He was getting into her clitoral piercing
again.  

 She ran her hands over her body, realizing it really wasn't hers any
more.  He had penetrated her and threaded through her in a way that no
one else and no other thing ever could.  He encapsulated her body, coated
her  skin, and filled her to overflowing from within.  At that point he 
must have noticed her caresses, because she found her arms being forced 
gently behind her, pulling toward the center of her back.

 She was grateful, suddenly, for her weekly yoga and Aikido sessions,
because her arms were limber enough for what came next.  Qet drew them 
back until they met from elbows to fingertips, before the `sleeves' 
covering them merged into a single glove from fingertips to shoulders. 

 She writhed and wriggled above her rigid boots before that too, was made
impossible- all at once and nothing first, his exterior turned completely
hard and her entire body became rigidly encased in an unmoving shell of 
living armor from crown to toe.  

 Now she was quite unable to participate in the festivities, as Qet 
proceeded to massage, manipulate, stroke, plunge, and tweak every 
sensitive spot on or within her body, from inside his rigid exterior.  Try
as she might, she could not move a muscle- his form fit hers as if she had
been dipped in black lacquer.  As she watched in the mirror, both 
horrified and unbearably excited at the total control he possessed over 
her, she saw him change the color of his exterior.  Her covering took on
the appearance of natural human skin, gradually turning her into a nude 
hairless mannequin, flawlessly recreating her actual appearance on his
exterior.  She knew the illusion would be spoiled from behind, where her
arms appeared to meld together, but she couldn't see that from her present
position.

 Her first orgasm felt as though it would shatter her sanity, and waves
of energy seemed to ricochet within the rigid exoskeleton.  He began 
tugging and stretching her clitoris, while at the same time sucking on it 
softly.  When he did the same to her nipples simultaneously, she exploded 
again, and seemed to lose consciousness for a time.  

 When she came back to her senses, she was still facing the mirror, and 
another, somewhat different pattern of stimulation was being applied.  
For spice, or just to show that he could, she felt him writhe within her
belly, felt him slide up and down in her throat, while he pulsed and 
wriggled inside her rectum and vagina.  She felt another wave approaching,
if possible, even stronger than the last, felt it break over her, finally
consuming her consciousness.

 When she came to again, she was no longer standing up.  She kept her
eyes closed and carefully took stock of her situation.  It felt as though
she was sitting in a chair.  Her arms were now free, and she was no longer
held rigid, but by the firm pressure constricting her waist and the 
feelings of fullness throughout her body, she knew that Qet was still with
her, still clothing her within himself.  She opened her eyes.  To her 
surprise, she saw that Riki was leaning over her, a concerned look on her 
face.  

 Riki stared at Mona's reshaped nude body with alarm.  Her skin seemed
flushed, a different shade than usual, as from heavy exertion.

 "Mona, are you alright?  You fainted.  What did he do to you?
Where is he?"

 At first, her lover gave no answer beyond a small moan.  Then Mona
smiled, reaching up slowly to touch Riki's face.  Before Riki could react,
Mona's skin seemed to become liquid, flowing rapidly beneath Riki's dress.
By then, she was no longer able to pull away.  The thick pink flesh 
continued to flow, enveloping her body, and then slowly, carefully, it
began to draw the two women together.


                                                       
                                -==-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bill "Gomez" Lemieux


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





