BDSM Library - Raping Jacelyn




Raping Jacelyn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The true stort of a chance encounter from the imagined POV of the attacker...Raping Jacelyn   
I didn't really mean to do it.
    It's not as if it was something I was planning to do, or anything. I was
    just presented with a possibility and then all the pain, anger and shit just
    started to explode me. Anyway, I was trying to cool off when I went from
    pissed to furious in about 2 seconds &ndash; all the time it took for me
    to see her and mistake her for who I thought she was. Hell, maybe I had actually
    'planned' it; it just didn't turn out quite the way it was supposed to. I
    guess you'll have to be the judge of that.   
Marcy and I had been going together
    for about a month and I had taken her all sorts of great places: you know,
    all the places a girl wants to be taken and the places she wants to be seen.
    I mean, we hit some of the fanciest restaurants in Jersey and so many of
    the hot bars and clubs I can't begin to tell you! I even took her to some
    of the off-Broadway shows that she wanted to see. Bottom line: I spent a
    fortune wining and dining this girl. It wasn't bad at all, though. She was
    drop-dead cute with the thin figure, dark hair, and a very curvy body for
    such a small Korean girl. Guys were always catching a look at her and, sometimes,
    they'd even make sure I saw them doing it, offering a knowing smile or a
    wink just to let me know they were thinking the same thing I was thinking:
    this is one hot bitch and she's got to be an animal in the sack. So, I was
    plenty happy dropping all the spare cash I had on Marcy and showing her off
    around some places I wouldn't have been caught dead popping into otherwise.
    And Marcy seemed to enjoy herself, too. I mean, she walked like she knew
    she was being watched when we get in public, showing off her figure and beautiful
    smile. She didn't seem all that upset that she was getting out to places
    with a guy who looked like me, either. I mean, I'm no movie star or jock
    but I've got what most girls say is a large measure of both looks blended
    together: about 6'2", 195 lbs. and a well-groomed, light-skinned Black complexion.
    In other words, I get a lot of attention &ndash; I don't need to beg for
    it - and I've never been long without a woman, you know? I got more than
    my fair share of bitches but I did it with class; I wasn't out there just
    trying to bang everything I could get so I took 'em out, went places with
    them, showed them a good time before I got to 'open the ol' prize package'.
    I think I did pretty damned good with 'em horizontally, too, you know? I'm
    no John Holmes but I've got a fair 9" of "pleasure piece". No complaints
    there.   
So what the fuck did I do wrong,
    man? I come to her place with flowers before an evening planned to include
    another 4-star dinner, some clubbing around the 'invitation only' places
    I've got friends, and then the 'payoff'! I mean, this was  the   night
    and I  deserved   it
    tonight! Hell, I'd paid for it, hadn't I?   
Well, the little bitch had ESP
    or something because she caught drift of my intentions long before I got
    to her place. So, I pull up in my taxi, jump out, stroll up to her apartment
    building's gated door, and ring the bell. It takes way too long for a reply
    when I'm expected so I ring it again, a bit concerned she's going to be late
    and I'll have to let the cab go or pay for a long wait. I'm just about to
    ring it again and lay on the fuckin' thing when I hear the speaker click
    on and then Marcy's voice. She's sorta giggling and asked who it is so I
    saw what the game is: she's pretending she doesn't remember we're going out
    tonight and wants to play with me. OK, that's cool and two can play that
    mess so I tell her I'm the pizza guy and I've got the order for #216, her
    place. She giggles some more and I thought I heard something strange just
    before she replied to come on up and 'deliver' as I hear the buzz to unlock
    the outer door.   
I take the stairs to the second
    level and walked down the hall towards her door and get that funny feeling
    again as I get there. I don't know why but I did. If I had followed that
    feeling, would I have knocked on the door, kicked it in, or walked away?
    I'll never know because I was 'still playing the game and knocked as the
    pizza delivery man'. There's a lot of giggling from the other side of the
    door, some scrambling around and the door opens widely to reveal Marcy wrapped
    in a bath towel but completely dry. I would have been pissed thinking about
    the cab and all but she was beaming that smile that I wanted to fill with
    come of my 9" so I just reached out with the flowers and said,   
"Surprise! No pizza!" and pushed
    the door the rest of the way open and walked into the apartment. Well, I'll
    be damned if there wasn't some huge Black sucker sitting on the loveseat
    in nothing but his boxers and grinning at me like a Cheshire cat. It's like
    time completely froze up and I still standing there, holding flowers like
    an idiot, mouth hanging open. Then they both start laughing at me. Marcy's
    almost doubled over as she staggers back to the loveseat and crawls up onto
    the punk's lap, losing the entire top of her towel's cover while doing so
    and rubbing her bare breasts against the punk's chest.   
"There's been a slight change
    of plans, homeboy". The guy's voice is booming and I beginning to get the
    impression he's neither all that uncomfortable to be caught in his shorts
    with my nude girlfriend nor worried about what I might do about it. I still
    can't believe it and, through the sound of blood rushing through my ears,
    I can barely hear Marcy say,   
"Yo, Kevin, honey. No pizza, no
    party. So, uh, why are you here?" Again there's that laughter like the best
    joke in the world had been told. Shit, I guess I  was   the
    best joke in the world.   
"Why are you doing this, Marcy?" was
    all I could stammer into the peals of hilarity. I got the picture; I just
    wasn't able to wrap my mind around it fast enough. Oh, but they helped me
    along with that right away.   
"Yo, K-Dog, man. You been replaced
    and I'm waitin' for some pizza so you just passing by or what, man?" Now
    Marcy's laughing her ass off (letting more and more of her towel slip down,
    revealing her entire back and upper hips) and the grin on this punk's face
    is so haughty and self-assured I just wanted to put my foot in it.   
"So, it's like this, man? You
    just come in here and fuck my woman for me to see and humiliate me? Man,
    that's just plain wrong, punk. Just plain wrong."   
As soon as the word 'punk' came
    out of my mouth, the expression on the punk changed. It didn't loose its
    swagger but the smile froze there for a second and his entire body tensed.
    Marcy noticed, too, and lessened her mirth a notch while wrapping her arms
    around him, loosing the entire rest of her towel in the process, revealing
    that body I had only had the chance to dream about over $75 dinners and $20
    drinks. Her ass was absolutely stunning and I wanted a piece of it so bad
    at that moment that I almost forgot why I was seeing it. Marcy reminded me:
    she slid a hand down the front of Mr. Punk-ass' chest and down into his shorts,
    pulling them away from him in the process and revealing a thick tool I really
    didn't need to see. But they both were looking at me looking at it and the
    hysterical laughter from both returned in full. I could feel the blood rushing
    to my face as I tossed the flowers down in the doorway. And for a split second,
    I thought about the blade I always carry strapped to my side. I'd never have
    done it (At least, I don't think I would have.) but the thought of showing
    it to them just before I let it fly &ndash; hoping to hit either one of them &ndash; crossed
    my mind. Then I just turned around and walked out, leaving the door wide
    open and feeling as well as hearing their glee on my back.   
In the halls, doors were open
    on both sides of Marcy's opened door with people looking out into the hall
    to see what was so damned funny. What they saw was a badly shocked guy, dressed
    to the nines, with the beginnings of tears in his eyes. Most of them guessed
    this wasn't a good time to join in the amusement but more than one stared
    with smirks, obviously having heard enough to know the entire story. It was
    like walking a gauntlet as I opened the door to the stairs, this time, for
    the last time. I wasn't at all sure I could walk down one flight but I sure
    as fuck wasn't going to stand in that hallways and wait for the elevator
    doors to open.   
By the time I reached the curb
    of the street, I had $50 in my hand. The cabbie looked a bit confused but
    I opened the back door, reached inside, and tossed the cash on the back seat
    (since the cab had a protective window between the driver and the passenger
    sections. I didn't bother to close the door before I turned and started walking
    down the street. It was summertime and the late evening heat was just enough
    to make walking miserable but I found a smile on my face that fought back
    the tears of humiliation.   
When I got home (easily two hours
    later), I saw that smile and, for the first time in my life, it was hated
    because it was nothing more than a fuckin' lie.   
*********************************************************************************   
Everything was cool for about
    a day and then I started remembering all the places Marcy had talked about
    going and how she got there. The one that stuck in my mind the most was the
    subway from uptown to the southern suburbs. I couldn't remember why she said
    she took it and I never knew what time of day she did. I don't know why I
    started taking it, either. I wasn't about to try to see the bitch again and
    I wasn't going to get into some bullshit on a train. But I was possessed
    with taking that train and looking, constantly looking for that long, black
    hair and that thin, curvy figure.   
Then, one day, I saw it. I wasn't
    standing more than two feet away from her and my heart just about jumped
    out of that same lying smile I'd had plastered on my face for weeks. I saw
    sheet music in her hand and knew Marcy wasn't a musician. Then, looking at
    her a bit longer, I realized this girl (and she was a lot younger than Marcy,
    maybe late teens at the most) defiantly wasn't the bitch who'd intentionally
    hurt me so badly. Still, I was drawn to this girl who looked so much like
    the Marcy I last remembered totally nude with some punk-ass' cock in her
    hand. So, I commented on the music she held when she caught my eye. I could
    see she fell for my charm almost immediately and we chatted for a few minutes
    before she came to her stop and went for the door. As soon as she did, I
    went for the other door, rudely pushing my way through the crowd and just
    got to it as it closed. I was furious and immediately hit the door. For some
    reason, it opened and I rushed out, looking for that familiar hair and body
    again and hoping it wasn't looking right at me tumbling out of the train
    after her. But, twice in a row, luck was with me and, like the door opening
    when it wasn't supposed to, I saw the girl walking out of the terminal the
    opposite direction and I was easily able to follow her un-noticed through
    the crowds.   
That wasn't so easy when she turned
    towards her apartment: nobody was nearby and I quickly closed the gap between
    us, not know what I was going to do or even why I was doing it. She only
    turned around right as she opened the outer door.   
"Oh! You live here, too?" just
    flowed out of my mouth and the carefully locked look of mild amusement on
    my face was have reassured her because she didn't seem too shocked to see
    me. She smiled with almost the same radiance as Marcy had and I knew right
    then and there what I was going to do. Why I was going to rape this girl
    was now clear to me: I was going to be raping 'Marcy' for never giving me
    the chance to get what I'd paid for, what she had just given away to some
    stranger. And I was going to get everything I could get from this cute little
    bitch if I couldn't get it from the whore that deserved it. Nevermind that
    this little girl had done nothing to warrant being fucked by force for someone
    else's bullshit. I was gonna get something bought and paid for at the expense
    of any bitch available. The fact that this one happened to look like Marcy
    was just a bonus.   
"No, actually I'm house-sitting
    for a relative who lives her but she's away on vacation." I was getting a
    hard-on just thinking how easy this was going to be! And, while in the elevator
    and looking down at her in her light summer tank top and shorts, I was getting
    hotter by the minute. I could see the outline of a bra and panties but that
    just got me hotter, thinking this isn't 'some whore I was going to get';
    this was a more pure and innocent example of the bitch gender. And just being
    one of those, she deserved everything she was about to get.   
We walked right up to the apartment
    door while still chatting and she turned to say 'goodbye' just as she opened
    it. A quick look up and down the hallway just before she had turned I was
    committed. I quickly pushed her through the opened doorway and into the apartment
    in less than two seconds. She opened her mouth to yell and all my anger for
    Marcy just exploded out of me. I punched this girl in the stomach and her
    scream died in its birth. She doubled over and fell. I pulled my blade and
    knelt down besides her, telling her that screaming again wouldn't be a good
    idea and I may have to cut her if she tried.   
She didn't have her breath back
    yet so I decided to make sure what she'd told me about being there alone
    was really the truth. I pulled her to her feet, feeling her warm tender body
    against me, and started walking her through the apartment, sightseeing and
    hoping not to meet anyone she didn't think was here.   
We took the tour slowly and quietly,
    the knife always close enough for her to think it was coming the second she
    tried anything. As I pushed her forward feeling her tight ass against my
    stiffening groin, I got too hot to wait any longer and reached under her
    top to play with her tits. Beneath the light top, they didn't look anywhere
    near as large as they were in my hand and I was doing a lot more groping
    her than looking around the apartment but we went through every room and
    there was obviously nobody there. All the personal pictures were of people
    other than 'tonight's toy' as well. Along the way, I told her just how much
    she was going to enjoy this, how much she was going to remember this day
    forever. She was crying by then but I didn't care. As long as she had a healthy
    fear of what I might do, she'd be more willing to do what  she   would
    need to have to do.   
We worked our way back the bedroom
    I'd already searched and I easily tossed her onto the bed. She looked fantastic
    there: hair in disarray, scared and crying. I had her clothes pulled off
    in no time at all and I was once again taken by her beauty. Apparently Asian
    of some sort, she was exceptionally well proportioned with a breathtakingly
    attractive body. She started to curl up a bit so I climbed onto the bed,
    pinned her on her back and pulled a belt from a robe to tie her hands over
    her head.   
Seeing her that way &ndash; completely
    helpless and totally in my power &ndash; brought the anger back out of me
    and I wasn't very easy on her when I started to kiss her and she pulled away.
    And now her crying was getting on my nerves so I slapped her (a bit harder
    than I intended) and warned her to stop crying and start kissing me like
    I was kissing her. To her credit, she pulled herself together and did a damned
    good job kissing me. I mean, I was all over her mouth with my tongue and
    lips but she went right along as though she was totally in love with me or
    something. It was incredible and we kissed for a long time, almost like lovers
    would. I had my eyes closed a lot and, when they were, I was kissing Marcy
    like I used to kiss her: the way we kissed before she decided to show just
    how much of a bitch she was.   
The kissing got me completely
    involved in  this   girl,
    tho, and I was all over her large firm breasts soon enough. They tasted a
    bit salty from the heat but that flavour led quickly to something vaguely
    akin to cream. I just couldn't get enough of them but my hands began to  wander
    and they soon found her lightly unshaven  cunt,
    the pubic hair so fine that it almost looked like very fine down. I rubbed
    her pussy lightly for a while and found her vaginal opening to be exceedingly
    hot and tight. It was like feeling up a girlfriend I had as a teenager but
    I went a lot further this time than then. This time, my fingers found their
    way inside and I began to gently finger-fuck her until her pussy opened like
    a rosebud becoming soaked and increasingly inviting. When my fingers were
    completely wet from exploring around inside her, I showed her just how much
    she wanted to be fucked. On impulse, I pushed a sticky finger into her mouth
    and made her taste her own pussy, sucking her juices off it before I returned
    to my examination of my 'toy'.   
All this playing with her body
    got mine in high gear, you know? So, I untied the little bitch and pushed
    her onto her knees beside the bed. I sat in front of her and told her to
    suck some cock. She was looking at my raging hard-on with a look of disgust.
    With my temper so close to the flash point, that pissed me off again and
    I slapped her hard once more. This time I meant for it to hurt and it clearly
    did. The girl opened her mouth immediately and I took that as a good opportunity
    to push her head down hard, ramming my cock into her mouth. Once it was in
    there, she did what she was told to do and, in seconds, I was in bliss. Al
    first, I let her do all the work and just sat there enjoying the feeling
    of her tongue rubbing the bottom of my cock with her lips pressed tightly
    around a good portion of it. Then I couldn't stand it feeling that good and
    remain dormant any longer. I started fucking her face while I leaned back
    and watched. Seeing those pretty lips and that cute face stuffed full of
    my prick didn't take long for me to feel the rush coming. I knew I was going
    to cum less than 5 seconds before it started but I was able to lean forward
    and grab the back of her head, forcing it down as hard as I could while pushing
    my cock up high. The cum was epic and I must have damned near choked her
    from the blast and the fact that most of my cock was now rammed down her
    throat, pumping its load in waves of pleasure. I held her head there until
    I got the last of the cum down her throat before pulling her on the bed to
    lay down beside me.   
As soon as I lay next to her,
    the feelings of remorse and anger collided in my conscious and I started
    spouting off about Marcy. Before long, I had told this stranger most of the
    damned story while holding her as if she were my new lover and was willingly
    in bed with me. But talking about what a fuckin' bitch Marcy had been brought
    out all the times I had been screwed over by other women, too. Just laying
    there next to the girl I had just raped in the face showed me that I had
    been played for a sucker many a time and I hadn't even noticed it! The madder
    I got, the more I wanted this hot little bitch to pay for all the bitches
    who had fucked with me over the years. I finally got her name out of her
    Jacelyn and I told her that I loved the way she looked, all the while imagining
    that I was talking to Marcy and planning her rape instead.   
I moved back to Jacelyn's breasts.
    They still tasted as fine as before and I played her juicy pussy with my
    fingers as I sucked those nipples and nuzzled her breasts. Those nipples
    stayed in my mouth for a long, long time before I got interested in whatever
    the flavour was that I'd forced her to taste. I moved down her body, carefully
    keeping an eye on her for any sign of her deciding to take a notion of moving
    away. She didn't seem to have any more fight in her so I was comfortable
    when I'd gotten my face above her still damp cunt. I looked at through the
    sparse, soft hair surrounding that perfectly shaped hole and thought how
    much I had jerked off to images like this when I was young and lookin' at
    dad's skin mags. Jacelyn looked just fuckin' succulent and I had my mouth
    near her clit for barely more than a moment before her aroma almost made
    me loose my mind. If I thought her tits had tasted fine, the scent coming
    from her crotch was better than the most tender of steaks! I spread open
    her taut thighs widely and buried my face in that sweet cunt. I'm a pussy
    eater from way back man, ya know, but this was by far the best piece of ass
    I had ever had the privilege of eating out! My tongue was lapping up the
    finest wetness on the planet and I kept my face pressed tightly between her
    thighs, eating her out far longer than I would have chose to, being that
    I was raping this girl and didn't need to be doing this for  her   pleasure,
    ya know? But I couldn't help it: this was just too good to stop licking and
    sucking until I had gotten my fill. Jacelyn didn't seem to mind what I was
    doing at all. She wasn't showing any overt signs of sexual stimulation but
    she wasn't trying to pull away from my mouth, either. I know she was diggin'
    it and I was playing the sucker one more time by coming here to rape the
    shit out of this whore but I was getting her off instead. I just didn't want
    to stop and I fingered her while I flicked her clit with my tongue; I played
    with her clit while I tongue-fucked her pussy. I was just having far too
    much fun to pull my face out of that lovable hole! In fact, the only thing
    that stopped me was the fact that my cock was starting to hurt again and
    that meant it was telling me to get busy and work this bitch.   
I finally got so hard that there
    was no way for me to stand it without getting some relief so I climbed over
    Jacelyn and pressed her to the bed with my entire weight. Her eyes widened
    with the knowledge that she was going to get raped with the thing she'd had
    crammed in her face and I grinned at her expression of dread. Feeling her
    breasts and fully erect nipples under my chest, seeing the cute face with
    fear broiling just below the surface, and still tasting the juices of her
    pussy in my mouth, I slid my cock along the length of her crotch and easily
    found the place my face had so reluctantly departed. As soon as the head
    of my cock touched her vagina, I slipped into her. I wasn't as brutal as
    I thought I would be, thinking I would be raping some bitch in vengeance.
    But I went into her all the way and looked into her eyes. There was no more
    fear showing behind them and, in fact, she was starting to look resigned
    to the fact that this was going to happen to her no matter what she thought
    about it. Seeing that look of tolerance got me wanting to rub it in (so to
    speak!) so I told her to tell me how it felt. I wanted to hear her say she
    was just begging to get fucked and, like other whores, just didn't want a
    guy to get any pussy without a fight. I was pleasantly surprised to hear
    her say it felt very good and she liked it. Just as I had suspected but I
    didn't believe she'd cop to! I couldn't help smiling while I dragged my cock
    back out of her tight cunt and slowly re-entered her. It was just as tight
    the second time as the first but it was getting wetter. I didn't spare a
    single inch and pushed my entire cock into her with each forward thrust,
    pleasantly (for me) bottoming out by pushing my cockhead against her cervix.
    And each time I moved into her, she moved with me as if she wanted to be
    fucked as much as I wanted to fuck her. Again, nothing overt was happening
    but I could tell she really wasn't upset about it.   
Again, I surprised myself by the
    way I was acting. There was no hint of anger in the fucking; I was doing
    it as though I love this bitch and she didn't deserve that at all! I kept
    up the long slow rape for a while and still there was no indication that
    she didn't want it to go on forever.   
I decided I would show her just
    what I was capable of doing: I pulled back and rammed into her with all the
    force I could. Her eyes closed a moment and there may have been a small flicker
    of pain under the lids but they opened immediately and they locked on mine.
    From then on, it was all about fucking the shit out of the bitch. I took
    long hard strokes, slamming into her as deeply as I could get my entire cock,
    and maintaining a pace that rocked her entire body back and forth with a
    sexually intoxicating motion. Jacelyn's tits rolled back and forth and looked
    like a best sight I'd seen under me ever. The way her legs were slightly
    lifted and widely splayed was the very picture of submissive perfection.
    And they way her cunt felt&hellip; Shit! This was the best pussy of my life
    and it was all because I got punked by some other bitch and her newest pimp.   
Well, I didn't look at a clock
    but I should have because this was a marathon to remember. I reamed that
    twat for the longest time I've ever gone in one penetration. It was making
    better noises than I'd heard in pornos by the time I'd had enough to feel
    the urge to give this whore a fresh load of my cum. The slapping sound of
    my belly hitting hers, the repeated rhythmic smacking sound of our thighs
    coming together, and the natural juiciness of Jacelyn's pussy making sweet,
    sluicing, and resonant music pushed me to the brink. I squeezed her entire
    body as tightly as I could, as if she'd try to get away from me and I wasn't
    going to even let her wiggle. I heard myself groaning loudly and my hips
    took on a life of their own as they uncontrollably hammered my cock in and
    out of the raped cunt under me. Surging gobs of cum were dumped into Jacelyn
    for so long I didn't know I had that much inside my balls. In seconds, I
    felt the semen flowing out of the miniscule spaces between my bloated penis
    and her tightly stretched vagina, running down my balls and surely drenching
    Jacelyn's ass as well.   
The end of my orgasm was one last,
    violent thrust which left my crotch locked to hers, my cock seeping the last
    of its gifts all the way to the furthest reaches of the girl's vagina.   
When I had pleasantly recovered,
    I retied Jacelyn to the bed's headboard and took a beer run to the kitchen.
    Sure enough, there was a 6-pack of cold bottles waiting for me so I grabbed
    4 and returned to the room and to the sight of a beautiful young girl laying
    in a puddle of fresh spunk, fixed in place for anyone who wanted her to come
    and get her. She looked even more pretty after the rape: her colour was high;
    her long black hair had that sexy 'nicely tousled' look about it; and her
    nipples were firm, dark and sensual.   
I sat on the edge of the bed,
    untied her, and popped the top on a beer. Thinking back to when I first saw
    this bitch, I said,   
" Ya know? I was lookin' at you
    and I could see that you really wanted to fuck me as soon as our eyes locked.
    Something about the way you stared at me, I guess. And the way you were dressed&hellip; Don't
    you know you're just asking guys to wanna get a piece of ass from you? Walking
    around looking like some kind of uppity 'fuck-puppy' just makes guys wanna
    fuck the shit outta a girl like you. Here, have some beer." I had guzzled
    the first bottle and I was on my second, only just then realizing that I
    was soaking wet with sweat from the rape. The beer really hit the spot but
    Jacelyn wasn't taking the one in my other hand. Getting pissed again, I told
    her,   
 "Take it and drink it. I'm not
    asking." She got the hint like a good little girl and opened the bottle.
    We sat there drinking: me, finishing second bottle and working on the third;
    Jacelyn nursing the one she had but making sure she had it in her mouth each
    time I look at it. Well trained in seconds, just like all the good bitches
    are. She actually agreed with almost everything I said. I know it was bullshit
    just to keep me from reaching for the blade but it was good to hear it anyway.
    With the buzz I was getting, it was nice to hear a woman at least sounding
    reasonable for a change.   
The beers worked their magic and
    I was itching to feel that mouth of hers around my cock again so I told her
    to suck some more and the good little bitch knelt right down and started
    workin' it &ndash; no hesitations this time! She actually seemed to like
    the taste of her own pussy's cum mixed with mine while she did a command
    repeat performance of an oral pole dance.   
Wonder of wonders, though! Looking
    at Jacelyn's mouth doing its thing and feeling her tongue circling my cockhead
    got me hard yet again &ndash; a bit unusual for me but not out of the realm
    of possibility. I didn't feel like moving so I pulled Jacelyn onto her feet
    and sat her down in my lap, impaling her on 'my latest contribution' to her
    cunt. I bounced her up and down for a bit and her messy pussy made it easy
    going for both of us. But I was tired of doing all the work and she was the
    one who was going to pay for that so I told her to fuck herself on my cock.
    She didn't seem to understand that I wasn't asking a question so I had to
    reiterate my directive &ndash; loudly. And, like most women, she started
    moving when hearing a voice with some authority behind it. She wasn't all
    that good with the up and down motion but the one she used, sort of a back
    and forth thing, wasn't half bad. It kept me hard and felt good so I just
    sat there and let her do the driving while I watched her tits sway and her
    fantastic hips rock to the beat of her raping herself. I didn't want anything
    more than that in the entire world and I would have been content with her
    just feeling the sensations but 'all good things cum to an end' (Ha!) and
    I suddenly did just that, right up that same hot &amp; tight fuckhole. It
    wasn't as hard or as long as the others but it was charming watching her
    look down and see what it looked like to have a cumming cock rammed up her
    cunt.   
I was definitely feeling the beers
    and I couldn't help feeling that Jacelyn and I were going to make it somehow.
    I mean, some raped girls fall for the guys who raped them, right? I was thinking
    about how beautiful and what a completely sweet and sexy piece of ass she
    is. All the other girls I had been with her shit compared to this one who
    had to pay for the scum who had trashed me before her. I was telling her
    about that and why I thought she was special to me and we needed to stay
    together and go out. But I knew I was rambling and there wasn't a chance
    this lying bitch was gonna forget about 'our first date', even if she did
    say all the things I wanted her to say. Nope, this girl was just a hole for
    me to rape and I didn't feel like havin' it end yet.   
"Suck me". Simple command. Simple
    response. On her knees, Jacelyn did her magic once again and I wasn't even
    surprised to see that I was responding to her ministrations one more time.   
"Get on the bed, on your hands
    and knees." She didn't hesitate but I did see a disturbed look in her eyes.
    Let her worry! I planted her behind in front of me, rammed my still-raging
    cock into her nicely presented pussy, and fucked her for all I was worth.
    But I was looking down at her ass the whole time. It looked so wonderful
    when I saw it the first time in those shorts I'd ripped off her. But now&hellip; now
    it looked like something I just needed to have. A nice piece of ass? Sure!
    That's what I really needed to fuckin' punish the bitch, didn't I? I pulled
    out of her pussy and placed the head of my cock against the tightest hole
    imaginable and slammed forward. We both grunted with the blow that did little
    more than push her forward. I pulled her back and rammed into her again.
    This time, I got the head of my cock about halfway inside her asshole. Even
    that much brought the most exquisite pain from both of us and the groans
    in the room were doubled in volume. I heard her say something but I was too
    buzzed and far too eager to understand it. I held onto her ass with one hand
    this time and reinforced my cock with the other as I pushed forward yet again
    while pulling her back. The success was almost worse than the last failure:
    the pain I felt was unbelievable and I almost screamed. My only redeeming
    quality was that Jacelyn had buried her face in a pillow and I was rewarded
    audibly when she actually did scream. It was muffled and she was smart to
    make it that way. But, this time when she spoke, I understood what she said:   
"There's some lotion on the end
    table. Use that and you can get in. Please, let's use the lotion, OK? Please&hellip;"   
"OK! OK! We'll use the fuckin'
    lotion!" She got a small gob of it in the palm of her hand which then she
    rubbed on her asshole. Since I was hurting as much as she was, I told her
    to lube my cock as well, which she did. I pulled back again and, this time,
    my cock forced its way into her shithole. Again, we both moaned loudly from
    the massive pressure of the penetration but I wasn't about to stop this!
    Seeing my cock disappear in Jacelyn's ass was the crowning glory of the night!
    I was still in a lot of pain as my cock was crushed where it entered the
    much-too-small orifice but the visual was amazing. Jacelyn now had her face
    pressed tightly into the pillow but her moans and groans were as loud as
    mine were as I reamed her ass. It took a long time but, eventually, she got
    either looser or wetter because the passage became smoother though still
    massively tight. I held onto both her hips with my hands as I fucked her
    butt. On and on, I went into her: digging my way as far inside as possible
    each time I pushed. The sight of the small anus being raped so unmercifully
    kept my cock hard for as long as I wanted it to be. I couldn't see Jacelyn's
    face or her tits but I could see her ass as it was speared with the most
    brutal fucking I could give it.   
Looking to the side, I was rewarded
    with a view in the mirror: one big Black man pulling a small Asian bitch
    back onto his huge cock and bouncing her forward again for another thrust.
    I could now see the nipples I had sucked: still hard as rocks and moving
    with the motion of their owner's raped body. I could see Jacelyn's hair cascading
    around the pillow her face was obscured by. And I could almost see Marcy
    getting what she deserved: the most violent rape her slutty mind could imagine
    and more. I could almost hear her begging me to just stop and forgive her
    for her bitchiness. I could almost feel her butt being plugged by the cock
    she had denied her cunt &ndash; the same cunt she had offered some punk-ass
    motherfucker for free! And I could almost feel the cum gushing into Marcy's
    lying, worthless butt while I ground nine inches of pure torture halfway
    to her stomach! What I actually did see was my cock twitching as it tried
    to force my last droplets of semen into Jacelyn's upturned bottom. We were
    both all but screaming now and I fell atop Jacelyn's back when I finally
    couldn't maintain my balance anymore.   
I stayed buried in her ass for
    a long, long time; both of us were now gasping for air and dropping perspiration
    like rain. It took a while but I was eventually able to lift myself off the
    girl's back and force my prick to return to me from the vise-like grip of
    the anus I had just raped. Even the withdrawal caused enough pain for both
    of us to cry out again but it was worth it for me. I rolled onto my side
    before getting up and redressing, all the while watching Jacelyn lay on her
    stomach with my cum draining from both her asshole and her cunt.   
I returned to the bed to warn
    her that I could see this apartment easily anytime I wanted to look. If I
    saw the police anywhere near there, I come back and work on her entire family
    the next time. I really didn't know what I was saying and, later when I thought
    about it, it was laughable since I knew she didn't live there anyway. But
    it was the threat that mattered and that seemed to get through to her just
    fine.   
Retying her to the bed, I looked
    down at her one last time and left. I hadn't tied her tight enough to hold
    her for long so I split right away, stopping only long enough to get the
    last two beers from the refrigerator.   
I didn't take the train this time.
    I started walking in the opposite direction and caught a cab out of the neighborhood.   
I never did see Marcy or Jacelyn
    again because I moved to Nevada and took up working in casinos. I figured
    it was as good a place as any to settle down. What I hadn't figured was that,
    between Las Vegas and Reno, there were a  lot   of
    little desert towns where a girl or two might be caught just a bit unaware
    and I could rape 'Marcy' over and over again. I mean, isn't raping one bitch
    the same as raping another? I mean, really?   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaJan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





