BDSM Library - Aunt Jeannie




Aunt Jeannie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Life long best friends discover a sexual attraction after 35 years.Aunt Jeannie
We three had been best friends as long as any of us can remember. Jeannie,
  Carol and Ruthie; I'm the one in the middle; Ruthie is two months younger and
  grew up in the house next to ours on the right. Jeannie is about a year and
  a half older and grew up two doors to the left of my house. Jeannie, Carol
  and Ruthie &ndash; we were always together.  
There was never anything that we did as kids that I don't remember us doing
  together. We were more like sisters than our real sisters and brothers. Jeannie,
  as the oldest, was always looking out for us. She was always hovering over
  us and in some ways it was like having a parent along. Of course she wasn't
  old enough to be a parent, but we sort of teased her about it and called her "Aunt
  Jeannie." It wasn't much of a tease, however, because Jeannie liked to be called "Aunt." It
  gave her a sense of control I think.  
I can remember riding the bus to school when we were little. Aunt Jeannie
  would sit in the seat behind Ruthie and me. During the ride to school she would
  brush our hair or do whatever else she thought needed doing so that we were
  ready for school. Jeannie watched over the two of us like a mother hen. If
  there were any kids on the bus who gave us a bad time, Aunt Jeannie was always
  there to protect us.  
It was especially good to have "Aunt Jeannie" when we got to high school.
  I shudder to think how it was for Jeannie when she was a freshman. Then again,
  knowing Jeannie, I doubt that she took anything from anyone.  
When Ruthie and I started our freshman year, we got picked on and needled
  by some of the older girls. For the most part it wasn't anything to worry about.
  There was, however this one girl, Marlene, who just wouldn't leave us alone.
  She was a senior and substantially overweight. Marlene had no boyfriend and,
  by the looks of her, not much chance of getting one. Looking back on it, Marlene
  probably turned mean out of frustration. No one really liked her as fat a she
  was. It was her bulk that she employed most in her bullying.  
Marlene seemed to delight in tormenting Ruthie and me. I guess we suffered
  in silence for about a week and a half before we told Jeannie what was going
  on.  
Now Jeannie is not a big girl. In fact she is shorter than me and quite trim.
  But she is very muscular and very athletic. She is a really good looking girl,
  but there is nothing soft about Jeannie; she is quite solidly built. When people
  get into guessing each other's weight, they always get Jeannie's wrong. She
  is heavier than she looks because she is so solid and in such good shape. As
  a freshman she was a starting player on the varsity girls' field hockey team.
  She was the only freshman on the varsity team.  
As usual, after school, Aunt Jeannie would wait for us and ask us how our
  day went, were we enjoying our classes, etc. On this particular day Ruthie
  and I weren't very talkative. Aunt Jeannie knew right away that something was
  bothering us, and she wouldn't let up until we told her what it was that was
  on our minds.  
In a few sentences, we had told her all about our encounters with Marlene,
  the bully.  
"Where do you usually see her?"  
"She's always there when we go to our lockers before school starts," I said.
  Ruthie and I had lockers in the same section.  
"Don't worry about her anymore, my little ones; Aunt Jeannie will take care
  of her." Jeannie always called Ruthie and I "my little ones" even though she
  was about the same height as Ruthie and two inches shorter than me. It sort
  of reinforced her status as "Aunt."  
We didn't see Jeannie on the bus the next day. It wasn't unusual for juniors
  and seniors to drive their own cars to school especially if, like Jeannie,
  they had extra-curricular activities after school. Ruthie and I were somewhat
  concerned during our ride to school.  
"Do you think that Jeannie has talked to Marlene yet?" Ruthie asked me.  
"I don't know." I replied. "I wonder what she will say to Marlene. I hope
  that Marlene just backs off. If Marlene gets mad, it could actually get worse
  for us." Ruthie nodded her head in agreement. We both sat silently contemplating
  what would happen as the bus pulled onto the school grounds.  
With great trepidation, we went to our lockers. We had considered skipping
  the lockers, but there were books we needed for class. We had no choice. Well
  hopefully, Jeannie has taken care of all this and we are just worrying about
  nothing. Ruthie and I tried to smile at each other, without much conviction
  behind it.  
The bully appeared right on schedule, and started in on us. She grabbed Ruthie's
  backpack and started going through the contents to see if there was anything
  there that she wanted. She took Ruthie's sandwich and a candy bar. Things she
  wasn't interested in, like Ruthie's homework, were tossed on the floor.  
The door of a nearby classroom opened slowly. Suddenly, Aunt Jeannie came
  out at full speed heading right for the bully girl. The ensuing collision was
  a hit as good as any I've seen on TV football games. The first sound we heard
  was the air being knocked out of Marlene's lungs as she absorbed the blow.
  Marlene collapsed on the floor with a thud, followed by a moan. Jeannie had
  flattened her prey. Marlene hit her head on my open locker door on the way
  down and was bleeding from her lip. Jeannie bounced up on her feet almost as
  quickly as she had taken Marlene down. It only took a moment, however, to determine
  that there was no physical response coming from Marlene. The three of us stood
  there for a moment, looking down on the vanquished bully.  
Jeannie bent down toward Marlene. She kneeled on Marlene's back. Grabbing
  her by the hair, she raised Marlene's head from the floor. "You see these two
  girls, Marlene?" Jeannie was pointing at Ruthie and me. "If you ever lay a
  hand on either of them, if you ever say a mean word to either of them, if you
  ever say a nasty thing about either of them I will make your life a living
  hell." Jeannie paused for a response but there was none. Marlene had a somewhat
  blank look on her face and continued a low guttural moaning.  
Jeannie slapped Marlene across the face to gain her attention. "Do you understand
  me, Marlene?" Still there was no response.  
Jeannie reached down and grabbed the fat girl's jaw. She had her fingers
  on one side of Marlene's jaw and her thumb on the other side. She was squeezing
  Marlene's face quite hard. Jeannie had Marlene's attention. "Marlene, I will
  strip your fat ass totally naked and hoist you up on the football goal post
  if you cross me. You don't get another warning." Marlene couldn't speak, but
  she did manage to nod her head yes. "Now get up and get your fat ass out of
  my sight before I flatten you again!" Marlene struggled to her feet, started
  to cry, and ran down the hallway.  
Neither Ruthie nor I had any further trouble from Marlene. A few months later,
  Marlene started to say something to me in gym class; it didn't sound like anything
  mean; I think it was just a test. Aunt Jeannie pushed Marlene's head into the
  drinking fountain about two periods later with a warning. That was the last
  we ever saw of Marlene.  
Years passed, but the three of us stayed as close as we could.  
Jeannie didn't go to college. A year after high school graduation, she met
  a guy, fell in love and moved to another state. I was her maid of honor, and
  Ruthie was her bridesmaid. After the wedding, with Jeannie off in another state,
  it felt very lonely. We still wrote and talked on the phone, but we missed
  her. Ruthie and I went to visit her a few times and she came home for visits,
  but it wasn't the same.  
Ruthie and I both went to college and got degrees. Ruthie is a nurse and
  I'm a currently unemployed teacher. Eventually we both married as well. Of
  course Jeannie and I were both in her wedding party. Ruthie never had any kids,
  not that she didn't try. I can remember sitting in Ruthie's kitchen, sipping
  coffee, while Ruthie went over her fertility charts to see when she might get
  pregnant. It never happened. Jeannie has two boys, both teenagers now.  
I met John at a fraternity party during my junior year in college. He seems
  almost larger than life at the time. He was a graduate student, and he smoked
  a pipe. That might not sound all that great on paper, but if you could have
  seen him. The pipe made him look so smart and so superior.  
Well, needless to say, I was swept off my feet. I gave him my phone number
  and we made plans, right there at the party, for our first date. By the time
  our first date had ended, we were in bed together. Everything was perfect.
  John had a great future ahead of him, we were in love, and well he has a really
  big cock.  
When I was ready to graduate, and John was ready to graduate from grad school,
  I was also two months pregnant. We married the week after graduation. Ruthie
  was my maid of honor and Jeannie was my bridesmaid. I eventually had a boy,
  and later a little girl. John was going to be a writer. He was going to write
  the great American novel or the great screenplay or Broadway play or something
  like that. Since he can write anywhere, we thought we would move back to South
  Florida near where I grew up.  
The idyllic existence that John and I imagined when we met in school, however,
  never materialized. We soon learned that despite John's impressive credentials
  in English literature, he still couldn't sell a manuscript to any reputable
  publisher or producer. Opportunities to write for magazines came and went but
  never blossomed. Writing advertising copy was finally a decent paying job,
  but it was not what John had envisioned. Eventually John settled for a job
  selling property insurance. While this was a fine job, it came with the constant
  thought that somehow he had blown his opportunity to do that for which he had
  been destined.  
The demise of John's dream resulted in the subsequent demise of his spirit.
  The man that I had once found to be so impressive was now a mere shell of what
  he once was; and we were only in our 30's. John began to drink. At first, he
  explained that his insurance job required him to take clients out for a drink
  after work. I soon learned, however, that many of these business meetings were
  attended by John alone. He came home later and later as time went on and, it
  became obvious that he was a full fledged drunk. The more he drank, the less
  John became interested in sex. Even when we did get into bed together, John
  was having problems getting an erection. This just added to his frustration
  and mine. My marriage was circling the drain.  
Shortly after my youngest was born, Aunt Jeannie moved back to our town.
  She had gotten divorced from her husband. It took a little "girl pressure" on
  the part of Ruthie and me, but she eventually admitted that she had become
  bored with her husband and that she had had an affair with a married man. We
  didn't judge her. No matter what happened in her life, she was always our best
  friend and Ruthie and I both love her. We told her that.  
I've always thought that Jeannie was the most adventurous of the three of
  us. She was always doing things that we didn't have the guts to do. So it didn't
  surprise me that she would have an affair when her marriage went sour. I sort
  of imagined that Jeannie was the mistress of a very powerful captain of industry.
  Of course, in my imagination, he was also the most handsome man you could imagine.
  Of course, as long as I was imagining, he also had a monster cock. The only
  thing I wondered was why Jeannie left him as well as her husband and moved
  back home. Maybe it was because her lover was married. Maybe he wouldn't leave
  his wife. In any case, I didn't ask.  
When I had a chance to speak to Jeannie alone, I confided in her about my
  own marriage. Aunt Jeannie gave me a big hug and told me that she was always
  there for me, no matter what happened. She suggested that I speak to John about
  getting some help for his drinking problem.  
"Jeannie, I did that already, but he didn't go."  
"What was his reaction? Did he refuse to go, or did he say he would and then
  never did it?"  
I hesitated for quite some time before Jeannie started prompting me for a
  response. "He hit me Jeannie." I started to cry. Jeannie hugged me and held
  me until I got over it. "He never hit me before or since, but when I asked
  him to get some help, he hit me and told me to mind my own fucking business." Jeannie
  hugged me again.  
"I'll be in your corner no matter what you decide to do, little one. I'm
  always there for you." It had been a while since Aunt Jeannie had called me "little
  one." It was so comforting to have her back home.  
It was good to have Aunt Jeannie back with us, even if it meant that her
  marriage had failed. Not much of any significance happened for the next eighteen
  months. Ruthie, Jeannie and I spent a lot of time together just being friends.  
Then about four weeks ago, John, came home drunk. It was quite late. The
  children and I had already gone to bed and it was after midnight when I heard
  the door open. He sort of stumbled into the house and flopped onto the couch.
  I got out of bed and came downstairs.  
I hadn't had the courage to speak to him about his drinking since the last
  time, but for a few weeks now, I had been building myself up to it. I looked
  at him stretched out on the couch. He looked tired. Perhaps, I thought, this
  would be the best opportunity to speak with him about his drinking, when he
  is at rock bottom.  
I sat down in a chair next to the couch and gently shook his shoulder till
  he opened his eyes and looked at me.  
"John, I've given this a lot of thought. I think your drinking is getting
  out of hand and I think that you should seek some professional help before
  it gets any worse." I tried to look as sympathetic as I could.  
John looked at me. At first it looked like he was confused by what I had
  said. Then it was like he was waking up some more. He pulled himself up to
  a sitting position on the couch. Now he was looking at me like he was trying
  hard to process what I had said.  
WHACK! John hit me in the face. I was more stunned than hurt. I was sure
  that this time would be different.  
"Nag, Nag, Nag. Damn it Carol, can't you just get the fuck off my back once?" WHACK!
  John hit me again. This time my face really hurt.  
I started to cry as I put my hands up to my face where he had hit me.  
"If it wasn't for you and the kids, Carol, I would be writing screenplays
  in Hollywood right now. You've ruined my life and you're the one who fucking
  complains." He raised his hand as if he was going to hit me again, but he didn't.
  He rolled over and lay down on the couch again.  
It took a moment for me to gather my wits. When I did, I scrambled to my
  feet and ran toward the front door. At first, John didn't even realize what
  I was doing. When it did finally dawn on him that I was heading out of the
  house, John went after me, but his feet weren't steady and he fell. This gave
  me an extra moment, so I grabbed for my purse on the way out the door and then
  I was gone. I ran as fast as I could for about two blocks.  
It took me a few minutes to regain my bearings. My face was sore where he
  had hit me, I was crying. I heard the sound coming from my purse. It was my
  cell phone. I had forgotten that it was there. I kept walking. I was starting
  to feel the chill in the night air. Even here in south Florida it gets cold
  at night in January and February. The night temperature can get down into the
  40's sometimes. It wasn't that cold tonight, but it was chilly; probably in
  the low 60's or upper 50's and I was out barefoot and in my pajamas.  
By now I was almost three blocks down the street. The caller ID said that
  it was home calling. I knew it was John. I didn't want to talk to him so I
  ignored the call.  
When I got to four blocks away I saw a bus stop shelter. At least that would
  be an opportunity to sit down out of the night breeze. It was much more comfortable
  in the shelter, although it was still quite chilly. I knew that I couldn't
  stay out all night in this weather.  
My first call was to Ruthie. Ruthie lived just a few more blocks down the
  street. I could walk to her house. The call was answered by her machine. Ruthie
  wasn't in. Where the hell was she at 1am in the morning? Ruthie had become
  a nurse and worked at the local hospital. She was probably on duty tonight.
  I had no idea when she got off, and I didn't know the number for her department.  
My second call was to Aunt Jeannie. "Hello?" It was Jeannie's voice.  
"Jeannie, I need some help." There was a few sobs still in my voice.  
"Carol, where are you?" I told her where I was. "I'll be there in about 8
  minutes. Wait for me. Carol, is someone after you?" I hadn't told her what
  had happened, but I said, that I didn't think so. "Just to be sure, I want
  you to hide in the bushes behind the bus shelter. Carol, stay down so they
  can't see you. Only come out when you see my car." I didn't want to leave the
  relative comfort of the bus stop shelter to go stand in the bushes and in the
  night breeze again. "Carol this is important. You could be in trouble. You
  have to do as I told you." Reluctantly I agreed to do as she had told me.  
Past experience had taught me that advice from Aunt Jeannie was usually good
  advice. I got off the sidewalk and walked back to the bushes behind the shelter.
  The ground around the bushes was soft and damp. I crouched down between two
  large bushes. I felt a little bit silly doing this. Here was a grown woman
  crouching down in the bushes behind a bus shelter after midnight. I started
  to shiver.  
My phone rang again. This time it was John's cell phone. Again I didn't answer
  him. A moment later I found out just how wise Aunt Jeannie's advice had been.
  I saw John's car coming down the road, slowly. The sight of him put me back
  on alert. I stopped shivering. At first I thought that he was coming straight
  to the bus shelter. Then I realized that he was weaving. He drove up on the
  shoulder near the bus shelter and then immediately swerved back into the travel
  lane. He was still drunk. I kept my head down.  
RING! The damn phone was ringing again! I was afraid he would hear my phone.
  He didn't hear it. I hit the "NO" button to silence the ring. I looked at the
  caller ID &ndash; it was Jeannie's cell phone. I answered and whispered "Jeannie,
  hold on."  
When I saw John's car weave out of sight, I picked up the phone again. "Jeannie,
  he was just here. He swerved right toward me, but he didn't see me."  
"Keep you head down, little one. Keep you head down and stay in those bushes,
  no matter what happens. I'm coming to get you as fast as I can."  
I knew that she was coming fast. I told her that I only had my pajamas on
  and that I was shivering. I was sure that she was probably speeding. While
  she was driving to get me, I told Aunt Jeannie what had happened. I finished
  with the drunken drive-by at the bus shelter.  
"Listen to me, little one. I need to hang up and make another phone call.
  I'll call you back in two minutes. Don't be afraid, Carol, I'm coming to get
  you. In the meantime, I want you to switch your phone to vibrate only. Under
  no circumstances are you to move from where you are. This is important, little
  one, don't move for any reason." Jeannie hung up. I switched my phone to vibrate.
  Two minutes later, she called me back.  
"I'm only about 2 minutes away now, so stay still." Just as she said this,
  the sprinkler system came on and began to water the bushes in which I was hiding.  
"Jeannie, the sprinklers are on, I'm getting soaked!" The sprinklers had
  me totally soaked in no time. Between the cool temperature, the breeze and
  now being all wet, I was thoroughly chilled to the bone. My teeth were chattering
  so loudly I was sure that someone would hear me.  
"Don't move, Carol. This is life and death. You can stand the sprinklers
  for a minute, and then I'll be there to save you." It probably only took a
  minute for Jeannie to arrive, but it seemed much longer. When I finally saw
  her car pull up, I tried to run out from my hiding place. Because of crouching
  down and because of the chill, my legs refused to work. They were so stiff
  that I couldn't get myself going. Jeannie was out of her car in a moment. She
  came to me where I was frozen stiff and almost carried me to her car. She put
  me in the front seat and then went around to the other side and got in herself.
  At 35, Jeannie was in just as good shape as she had been at 18.  
As soon as Jeannie jumped in the car, she screeched away; she floored it.
  She drove for about two miles before she slowed down. Then she made a quick
  turn into the parking lot of a church. This late at night, on a weeknight,
  the church parking lot was empty and dark. She parked under a tree where it
  was especially dark and she doused the lights on the car.  
Jeannie got out of the car and came around to my side. She opened my door
  as well as the back door on my side.  
"Hurry, little one." She motioned for me to get out of the car, which I did.
  She gave me a little hug. I was shivering quite hard now. "Strip off those
  wet clothes." I did as she told me. She opened the trunk and threw my wet clothes
  in there. At the same time she took a beach blanket out of the trunk and wrapped
  it around me. I was still shivering. "Get in the backseat and lie down. Keep
  the blanket around you." I got into the backseat.  
Jeannie closed the side doors and the trunk. She went to the driver's seat
  and put the heater on full. She also turned on some quiet soothing music. She
  looked at me in the backseat and smiled. Jeannie had a digital camera and she
  took several pictures of my bruises and black eye. Then she put the camera
  away again.  
"Lie still little one, Aunt Jeannie has some things to do. I'll be nearby
  and then I'll be back in just a moment." I was too tired, scared and cold to
  even ask what she was going to do, but I did peak out the window a few minutes
  later. Jeannie was standing a few feet behind the car talking on her cell phone.  
A moment later, she came to the driver's side rear door and got in. She sat
  on the seat and had me rest my head on her lap.  
"We have to get you warmed up, little one, before you catch your death." Jeannie
  was caressing and rubbing my head and hair. "My goodness you are going to have
  a shiner, Carol." I reached up and touched my right eye. It was tender to the
  touch. "Now just rest, little one, you are safe now." As I started to relax,
  all that had happened came flooding out. I started crying uncontrollably.  
Aunt Jeannie pulled me up to a half sitting position, still across her lap.
  She hugged me tightly and slowly rocked me back and forth while making soothing
  sounds and humming to the music coming from the car stereo.  
After a minute or two my crying subsided. It was then that I first noticed
  that her right hand was under the blanket and was gently massaging my breasts
  and nipples. After all I had been through, these gentle caresses felt soothing.
  I suppressed my initial impulse to resist. I let Aunt Jeannie caress my nipples.
  It felt good.  
To my surprise, I started to be aroused by her caresses. Jeannie noticed
  it too as her hand stopped moving and she began to gently roll my erect nipples
  between her fingers. I've never had sexual contact with another woman before.
  In my opinion, it sounded so repulsive. I think I always imagined the other
  woman as a dyke who bore an amazing resemblance to Marlene. This wasn't what
  I had ever imagined. I had always loved Jeannie as a friend and almost sister.
  Now, once again, she was also my heroine, having saved me from certain peril.
  I didn't find her touching repulsive at all. I was quite confused by what I
  felt.  
Jeannie slowly moved her hand south, toward my pussy. She didn't go too far,
  but rather she just gently rubbed my pubic mound as she had caressed my breasts
  earlier. I rolled toward her and hugged her more tightly. I was still sobbing
  slightly.  
This continued for a few more delightful but confusing minutes. Then Jeannie
  said, "We have to get going, little one. It's not safe to stay here." Jeannie
  gently put me back down on the seat and moved back to the front seat. "I'll
  drive more slowly going home, you should just sleep now."  
It probably only took Jeannie about six minutes to reach me when I called
  for help. The way back, at a much more leisurely pace was twelve minutes or
  more. I never fell totally asleep in the backseat of her car, but I did doze
  off a few times. Once I thought that I saw the reflection of police lights,
  but they seemed to pass, or we passed them, I didn't really pay that much attention
  to it. The heater in the car had made it quite toasty, and I was feeling much
  better. I felt the car slow, and then the engine was shut off. I knew we were
  at Jeannie's house.  
A moment later, Jeannie was at the back door of the car and helping me to
  my feet. I must have had part of the blanket pinned under me since I was having
  trouble getting up. Jeannie finally reached in and pulled the blanket away
  and tossed it over into the front seat. She reached for my hand and I got out
  of the car. It wasn't until the cold air hit me that I realized I was walking
  up to her front door totally nude. I was hoping that her two teenage sons were
  with their dad that night. It turned out that they were, but I didn't know
  that. I also hope that all her neighbors are heavy sleepers.  
Jeannie opened the door quickly and we went inside and immediately upstairs
  to the master suite. Jeannie immediately began to draw a hot bath. She had
  one of those big Roman tubs. In a few minutes, she was helping me step into
  the hot bath. It felt so good.  
While the bath was running I told Jeannie that I had to get home and check
  on my kids.  
"Shush little one. Your kids are just fine. When I was on my way over to
  get you, I called the police and reported John for drunk driving. I told them
  that he had knocked down several mailboxes and was weaving all over the place.
  On the way back here from the church I saw him pulled over by a patrol car.
  When we were in the parking lot at the church, I called Ruthie at the hospital.
  She's at your house with your kids right now. There is nothing for you to worry
  about."  
I sat passively in the bath and let Aunt Jeannie wash me with the warm water.
  She even washed my hair. She also washed all the places that she had caressed
  earlier in the backseat of her car. I felt safe.  
When the bath was done, Jeannie had me stand up and she wrapped me in a large
  towel. She then wrapped my hair in another towel. I simply stood there while
  she dried me off. She unwrapped my hair and used a hair dryer to finish the
  job. She sat me on a small bench while she brushed out my hair. When I was
  completely dry, she hung up all the towels and led me, nude, to the bed; to
  her bed.  
A moment later, Jeannie joined me in the bed. She too was now nude. She once
  again began to caress my face and my hair. She was very careful around my eye
  which was now quite swollen. Her hands gently moved down my neck and found
  my breasts. My nipples responded to her immediately by becoming erect. Jeannie
  smiled at this, and I smiled back, but neither of us spoke.  
Jeannie began to lick my nipple, gently, while massaging the other breast
  with her hand. The action of her tongue sent chills down my spine. I hadn't
  been with a lot of men before John. I had had my nipples sucked before this,
  but somehow this was different. Jeannie knew just what to do to stimulate me.
  After a time, she switched to the other breast.  
Jeannie raised her head, level with mine, and began to kiss me on the mouth.
  At first it was little peck kisses. Then there were some longer kisses. I smiled
  at her. On the next kiss I felt her tongue pushing into my mouth. At first
  I resisted, but then I accepted her kiss. I felt my face becoming hot. I was
  sure if I looked in a mirror that my face was all red. Jeannie's tongue pushed
  as far back in my mouth as she could get it. I opened my mouth as wide as I
  could to accept her. I could feel her breast rubbing against my breast as she
  moved next to me. My nipples became erect once again.  
Jeannie's left hand was on my pussy mound, gently caressing my pubic hair.
  She continued to French kiss me and to rub her breast against my breast. One
  of her fingers found my vagina and entered. My initial reaction was to close
  my legs tightly, which I did. Jeannie's finger was already in me, so closing
  my legs just trapped her there. Jeannie just waited. A moment later, I relaxed
  again. The tip of her finger found my most erotic places in no time at all.
  It was almost as if she knew my body better than I did. In a few minutes I
  was ready to climax. I wasn't sure if I should or not, I was trying to hold
  back, but finally I couldn't. When I came it was like an avalanche falling
  from off a mountain. My body shook from head to toe. Jeannie kept me going
  as long as I could stand it.  
When I had climaxed twice, Jeannie finally started to relax. She stopped
  kissing me on the mouth and once again started kissing my breasts and nipples.
  Slowly, she began working her way south toward my cunt. I wasn't ready for
  this yet, so I gently but firmly held her head away from my pussy.  
She stopped kissing me, and rolled away, now lying on her back. She looked
  at me with a smile on her face that was somehow different than any smile I
  had ever seen from her before. It was like a smile of great relief. I smiled
  back at her.  
With my right hand, I reached over and began to gently caress her breast
  as she had caressed mine. Jeannie smiled at me. I soon felt her nipples becoming
  erect. I found her breasts to be interesting. They were much smaller than my
  own, but they seemed very sensitive to my touch. I was surprised. I would never
  have said anything to Jeannie, but since she was essentially flat-chested,
  I had imagined that her breasts would be more like a boy's breasts than a girl's.
  I was obviously way off on that assumption.  
I liked her little erect nipples. I played with them. I even pulled on them
  a little bit. Jeannie seemed to be delighted by whatever I did.  
After a few minutes, Jeannie rolled toward me again. She gave me a little
  peck on the lips. Then she took my hand in hers and gently guided my hand to
  her pussy. I touched her and immediately felt the dampness between her legs.
  She was warm. Even the slightest touch from me got a reaction from her. Her
  breath became halting. Gently I pushed my finger between the lips of her cunt.
  In just a moment I found her clitoris and began to stimulate her as she had
  stimulated me. Jeannie responded immediately. I'm sure that she must have cum
  three or four times.  
By now, both of us were somewhat sweaty. Jeannie pushed me over on my back
  and she rolled over on top of me. Her mound was touching my mound. Her nipples
  were touching my nipples. Her lips were kissing my lips. She rolled off of
  me and then gently pushed me on my other side. Then she curled up behind me,
  with her arms around me and we both fell asleep.  
Jeannie was already awake, the next morning, when I opened my eyes. "Good
  morning sleepy head. It's Saturday." She smiled at me. It took a moment for
  me to focus on her. Jeannie was seated on the edge of the bed. She was putting
  something on my wrist. It was a silk cord, the other end of which was attached
  to the bed post. She similarly bound my other hand and both of my ankles till
  I was tied spread eagle on her bed.  
By now, I was focused on her. She was somewhat dressed. She had a very cute
  black leather had on. She also wore a black collar around her neck and a black
  corset. The corset was tied tight enough that she was actually starting to
  have a figure. Her breasts and her cunt were totally exposed. She also had
  on black patent leather boots that came up to her knees. It was really quite
  stylish in a decant sort of way. In her left hand she held a black leather
  riding crop.  
Jeannie got onto the bed, kneeling between my legs. She gently started to
  run the riding crop over my exposed nipples and cunt. Every so often, she got
  a little more forceful until she had me very excited. There was a slight sting
  to the crop as it hit on tender areas but it was not a bad feeling it was just
  very stimulating.  
When I had reached the desired level of excitement, Jeannie dropped the crop
  and leaned down toward my cunt. Helpless to restrain her this time, Jeannie
  began to stimulate me with her tongue. She found my most sensitive areas in
  no time at all. Her tongue made little circles around my clit. I had never
  realized that oral sex could be this good. She had me climaxing four times
  before she moved.  
Jeannie changed her position to lie over me. Her head was still in my pussy
  and still stimulating me beyond my wildest sexual dreams. Now, however, her
  pussy was at my face as well. My reservations about doing this melted as I
  felt another orgasm come over me. Jeannie was a master at making me cum and
  cum. I raised my head enough so that my tongue could reach her cunt. My only
  worry now was that I wouldn't be able to do for her what she had done for me.
  My worry was unfounded, however. The first touch of my tongue to her clit and
  she came immediately. I was surprised at how salty she tasted. It was good
  though. I next tried to do what I had felt her doing to me. I made little circles
  around her clit. She came three times more before she rolled off of me.  
We kissed each other very passionately. Then she untied my hands.  
She smiled at me as she got up from the bed. "You can get yourself washed
  up in there, little one." She pointed toward the bathroom. "I've laid out some
  exercise clothes I have that I think will fit you. Downstairs, you'll find
  breakfast food, help yourself."  
"Where are you going?"  
"I have a very important thing I have to do right now, little one. I want
  you to wait here until I get back. Then we will talk about what has happened
  and what we're going to do next. In the meantime, just relax. Everything will
  be okay, little one, Aunt Jeannie will take care of everything." She smiled
  at me and I smiled back.  
I untied my ankles and got up. I didn't want to take another bath, so I jumped
  in the shower for a quick rinse. The sweat shirt and sweat pants Jeannie had
  put out for me were a little small, but not a bad fit considering everything.
  Downstairs, I found breakfast cereal, milk and some muffins. I sat in the living
  room and read the paper until Jeannie returned home after about two hours.  
Jeannie was also dressed in sweat clothes and looked like she had just come
  from a vigorous workout. She smiled at me. In her hand was a video camera,
  which she quickly hooked to the television set.  
She sat down and held my hand. "Carol, a lot has happened to you in the past
  twenty-four hours. Right now, I'd like to talk to you about John. I think that
  John is very dangerous right now. He is in a very dark place in his life and
  he has become dangerous to you and your kids. If you stay with him, someone
  is going to end up dead."  
I started to sob, but I also was nodding yes to what she was telling me. "I
  know."  
"John spent last night in jail. The police picked him up after I called them
  and reported him for drunk driving. They just released him ninety minutes ago." I
  gasped when she told me that John was out again. "Don't worry, little one,
  it is all under control. I picked him up at the jail and drove him back to
  your house. During the drive I told him that he had hurt you very bad last
  night. I showed him the pictures of your bruises and black eye. I told him
  that if he didn't check himself into a rehab program today, those pictures
  were going to the cops and he was going back to jail."  
"Okay, so he's in rehab. He'll be out in a month. Then what?"  
"Well, that's up to you, Carol. You can use this time to divorce him or you
  can decide to take him back. It's your choice, little one."  
"I never thought I would be saying this, but I want to divorce him. Jeannie,
  I haven't been happy with him in a long time. I don't see that improving even
  if he stops drinking. I think this would be a good time to break it off." Somehow
  I thought that making a decision like that would be more emotional than it
  was. I guess the emotion of my relationship with John was all gone by now.  
"I think that's a really good choice sweetie. Now, I have something else
  to show you. You know that Aunt Jeannie doesn't let anyone touch you with just
  a warning. I believe that physical threat goes a long way with bullies." I
  had no idea what she was talking about. Jeannie got up and started the video
  playing. "Ruthie arranged for your kids to go over to friends' houses this
  morning, so when I brought John home no one was there except Ruthie. Ruthie
  ran the video camera while I had a few words with John about his behavior."  
The video started. It was the yard behind my house. I could see John and
  Jeannie in the yard. Jeannie, on the video, was yelling at John, "you ever
  touch Carol again you bastard and I'll kill you." With that Jeannie moved toward
  John. As she did, she spun and her right leg came up in a martial arts move
  like I've only seen in the movies. Jeannie's foot struck John in the face and
  knocked him backwards and down on the ground. John started to get up, but Jeannie
  struck him again, this time in the ribs and he once again landed in a heap.
  Twice more, John tried to get to his feet. Each time, Jeannie punished him
  till he fell back to the ground. Finally exhausted, John just lay there, breathing
  hard.  
Jeannie went over to John who was lying face down on the ground. She placed
  her knee in the middle of his back and put her weight on him. She took a small
  length of rope and tied John's wrists together behind his neck. She then grabbed
  him by his hair and pulled his head up and back.  
"Now John," Jeannie on the video was saying, "we are going to have a bitch
  to man talk. First, you're going to offer Carol an uncontested divorce. She
  gets the house, the kids, the minivan and child support. You get to keep your
  car and your clothes. You are moving out today." John was getting an angry
  look on his face, but Jeannie gave him a nasty karate chop across one ear and
  he settled down. "Now John, if you don't do what I say, the video tape of you
  getting your ass kicked by a girl will appear on the internet. Do you understand
  me?" John gritted his teeth, but didn't say anything in response. Jeannie moved
  John's head up and down with her hand. "I guess that's a good response. Now
  John, you listen to me and you listen good. You're still going to check into
  that rehab tonight. If you don't the pictures of your wife's bruises are going
  to the cops and you're going to jail. And finally, you are going to promise
  me that you will never ever raise your hand to Carol. If you ever hit her again,
  John, I will personally cut your balls off." John was gritting his teeth again.
  Jeannie was still kneeling on John's back and holding his hair in her right
  hand. Now with her left hand she reached down between John's legs and grabbed
  his balls tightly. John jumped and grimaced, but could not escape. Finally,
  John just yelled as Jeannie squeezed his manhood. "John, I want to hear you
  promise that you're going to do everything I just told you."  
John yelled again, but Jeannie kept her tight grip on his balls. "Okay, I
  promise."  
"No John, I want you to tell me in detail what you are and are not going
  to do. DO IT JOHN!"  
"Okay! I'm checking into rehab tonight. Carol gets and uncontested divorce
  and she gets everything." John stopped there as if that was all. I could see
  that Jeannie was increasing the pressure on his balls. "Okay and I will never
  hit Carol again as long as I live."  
"And if you do hit Carol again, John, what is going to happen to you?"  
John was turning red in the face. "You're going to cut off my balls and then
  send me to jail. Okay, I got it." Jeannie released John's balls.  
Jeannie stood up, releasing the pressure on John's back. She took a pair
  of scissors and cut the cord holding John's wrists together. John stood up,
  slowly at first, but then it was obvious that he had a very angry look on his
  face. He came at Jeannie. "I never promised not to hit you two bitches." John
  lunged at Jeannie (and presumably Ruthie behind the camera). The camera moved
  somewhat as Ruthie was probably startled by John's charge. Nonetheless, the
  camera held steady enough to see Jeannie's foot come up between John's legs
  and he fell to his knees. Jeannie then did another twirl ending with her foot
  across John's face. John fell backwards writhing in pain, but obviously still
  alive.  
Jeannie turned off the tape. We sat there and starred at each other for minutes
  without saying anything. Finally I spoke.  
"Jeannie, I'm grateful that you took care of John for me. I am going to divorce
  him. I'll start the paperwork first thing on Monday. I don't want to hurt your
  feelings though, Jeannie."  
"What are you talking about Carol? How could you hurt my feelings?"  
"Last night was absolutely fantastic, but I'm not ready to move in with you,
  I need some time to decompress before I make any decisions."  
"Carol, I never asked you to move in with me. Last night was fantastic, but
  I don't think it would be a good idea for us to live together either. You need
  to be with your kids. I need to have a place for my kids when they come to
  visit as well. If things work out that we can have another night like last
  night I will be very happy, but if it never happens again, that's okay too."  
"Okay, Jeannie, I wasn't sure where this was all going so quickly."  
"It doesn't have to be quick. It can be very long and drawn out. There is
  no pressure here Carol. I'm not forcing you to do anything or to hold to any
  schedule. It might be best, even if we become constant lovers, that we never
  live together. Carol, I didn't get divorced because I had an affair with another
  man; I had an affair with another woman. Society doesn't look kindly on a lesbian
  couple. If nothing else ever happens, you will still be the best friend I ever
  had and I will always love you. If something does happen, then it would be
  best if we just visit with each other and not act like a couple. Believe me,
  when I was up north, I found out how society treats you when you're gay." Jeannie
  smiled at me. I smiled back at her.  
"Thank you Aunt Jeannie for everything you've done for me. I love you too,
  I always have. No matter how this relationship works itself out, I will always
  love you. You saved my life once again." I leaned over and kissed her. She
  responded immediately.  
"Now stay here today. John will be gone by 5pm today. Ruthie and I will go
  with you to pick up the kids and get back to your house. Ruthie is having the
  locks changed on your house and we're getting the combination changed on the
  security system. Your safe now little one. Aunt Jeannie has taken care of everything." Jeannie
  smiled at me.  
I curled up on Jeannie's couch to read the paper. Jeannie went about some
  chores and then said she was going out for some errands. She would be home
  in plenty of time to go with me back to the house.  
John moved out and gave me an uncontested divorce. He did go to rehab and
  is now working on staying sober. Perhaps there was some truth in one of his
  statements; the one about me and the kids holding him back. John is moving
  to Hollywood and has a job working on a movie. It might be a total flop, but
  at least he's trying.  
In the weeks that followed since then, Jeannie and I have gotten together
  twice more to explore our romantic feelings for each other. I still don't know
  where that part of our relationship is heading, but I know that right now I'm
  happy for the first time in quite a while.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Oralia Cruz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





