BDSM Library - Revenge




Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The baroness's younger sister captures: Lady Jaye and Scarlett, before she trains them to be her slaves.&lt;Revenge, part_1.&gt;  
&lt;By the outsider.&gt;  
&lt;The baroness's younger sister captures: Lady Jaye and Scarlett, before
  she trains them to be her slaves.&gt;  
Decliner: The below story contains adult material. Do not continue reading
  if you are under age 18 or are offended by such material, this is a pure fantasy
  and ALL of the characters and the events are made-up, that story is NOT a sequel
  to any the comics which I borrowed characters from. Furthermore; All the characters
  from: &quot;Housewives at play&quot; (Catherine Mitchell, Jennifer, Melissa,
  Poke-me-Hiney, Lynn, Bratty sneers, Fate and Candy) are used with Rebecca's
  permission and can be found in books available from eroscomix.com and rebeccahap.com
  also&nbsp;housewivesatplay.net  
Chapter_1 &ndash; Scarlett kidnapped, and under assault.  
Summery of chapter_1: Scarlett kidnapped on the way to work, becomes a slave.  
September 3 rd  , 2002.  
The hour was 20:00 when the former U.S. Army Master Sergeant Shana M. O'Hara,
  did her way down the street. After the destruction of &quot;Cobra&quot; the
  engaged woman was able to find a job as a door-to-door saleswoman for a travel
  company. The former intelligence agent was now dressed in a conservative business
  suit that included: gray knee-high skirt with a matching jacket, white button
  shirt and black tie. On her legs, Shana wore black pantyhose and red 5&quot; pumps.
  Her red hair was held in a conservative bun, and there was just a little trace
  of makeup.  
Shana was on her way to the last house on her list, when she suddenly felt
  a knock on her head and lost conscious. Without loosing time the woman who
  hit her, checked the street. When she saw that no one was in the area, she
  dragged Shana to the back of a car and placed her inside after placing a gas-mask
  on her head and handcuffing her hands behind her back. Next the woman took
  a knife and tore Shana's clothes of her, before tying the lags of the captured
  woman with Velcro-straps. When finished, she taped Shana's lips before she
  closed the door of the trunk, and went to the driver seat.  
Once next to the wheel, the woman drove of with her precious cargo.  
Her mistress will be pleased with her, and her miserable ass won't be whipped
  tonight.  
This time she did it&hellip; she captured her now ex-best-friend, Scarlett,
  for her mistress. She tried to warn her&hellip; the others. However, it was
  for no avail. Today was the precise date in which her mistress captured her
  just one year ago after they crushed Cobra two years ago&hellip; or at least
  that what they thought.  
From the ruins of the lair, a rubber covered hand appeared. Then, the entire
  body of a stunning brunette who was dressed in Black leather outfit with red
  cobra on her chest. Later checks proved that: The baroness (AKA: Anastasia
  DeCobray) was dead.  
At the baroness's funeral, her younger sister was furious that she was deserted
  to be killed at the ruins by her friends. The young brunette swore on the operating
  table in her heart: &quot;I will get my revenge on 'Cobra' and those who are
  responsible for the explosion: Lady Jaye (AKA: Sergeant First Class Alison
  R. Hart-Burnett), Scarlett (AKA: U.S. Army Master Sergeant Shana M. O'Hara)
  and cover-girl (AKA: U.S. Army Sergeant Courtney A. Krieger) I will show them...&quot;  
And that was what she did after the morning period was over. As an expert
  dominatrix, she decided it was time for her to become a mistress. And that
  was how; Mistress Ann was born. Mistress Ann's 1 st  victim
  was the woman formerly known as the MIA cover-girl (AKA: U.S. Army Sergeant
  Courtney A. Krieger) who was trained to become her loyal slave. For an entire
  month, the baroness trained the helpless woman. In the 2 nd  month
  after completing the disciplinary stage; Courtney began to learn her new role
  until the 3 rd  month in which she became an official
  slave.  
When Scarlett woke up, she saw that she couldn't stand up. That was when
  she looked to her sides, and saw that she was held inside of a stock horse
  pillory. Suddenly she felt a strap being secured just above her naked ass,
  before she saw a blonde woman wearing a tiny apron, who began to clean the
  room. The woman's head was covered with a baby bonnet. Then when the woman
  came closer to Scarlett so that she will be able to check on her; Scarlet saw
  that the woman wore a diaper and that she had a binky with a Velcro strap which
  held it inside her mouth. On a closer check, Scarlett saw that this woman had:
  36&quot; hips, 40F size cup and 14&quot; waist. The woman's nails were covered
  with Pink permanent finger nails, and the edges of Blonde hair could be seeing
  under the bonnet.  
Suddenly, the woman felt to her knees and began to pant and moan through
  her gag just as the door opened. Once the door finished a female entered the
  room with a remote in her hand. When the woman was under the light of the lamp,
  Scarlett saw that she didn't have one hair on her scalp. Not like the blonde &quot;baby&quot;,
  this woman was dressed with: black keyhole halter gown, and a matching set
  of Opera gloves. Seeing the blonde's humiliation and Scarlett's predicament
  gave the woman a smile as she said: &quot;well slave, for once you actually
  succeeded to do as I ordered you to. And to think that you used to be so useless.
  As I promised, I won't enlarge your boobs any further. You did what I wanted,
  and now my dear; it is time to give you your reward.&quot;  
&quot;Who are you? And who is that poor woman?&quot; Scarlett demanded, seeing
  how the blonde crawled to the woman and began to lick her boots.  
&quot;My name is Mistress Ann DeCobray. You used to know my older sister
  as; Anastasia DeCobray, or better yet by my code name; the baroness Shana.
  After you murdered her, I used her capital to gain me this manor&hellip; as
  well as a few other things. And that &quot;poor woman&quot; as you called her,
  is my slave, toy-girl. Formerly, she was known as &quot;cover-girl&quot;, or
  U.S. Army Sergeant Courtney A. Krieger. Tell me Courtney; how long was it since
  I caught you?&quot; the woman asked with a smile, as her slave lifted her middle
  finger as she was trained under her mistress's whip. When she finished, the
  blonde stood up, before her mistress removed the diaper of the humiliated woman.
  Then she removed Courtney's beloved butt-plug and vibrator before Courtney
  re-placed her diaper. The next thing that the baroness did was to place them
  inside Scarlett's ass and pussy, before she locked them with a chastity-belt.  
Once both &quot;toys&quot; were locked, the baroness grabbed Courtney's arm
  and led her out of the room. Today the baroness had a party, and she needed
  to get her whore, Courtney, ready for another female gang-bang&hellip; or worst.
  However, just as the baroness was about to go, she decided to test Courtney's
  loyalty. On her right side, the baroness had a whip which she gave her busty
  slave, before leading her back to Scarlett's behind. Once they were there,
  the baroness informed Courtney; &quot;now Courtney, you are going to remain
  here while I will interrogate Scarlett. When I will inform you, you will whip
  her ass&hellip; or else you'll pay. Understood?&quot;  
Once Courtney helplessly nodded: yes, the interrogation began while Mistress
  Ann began to play with the bullets that Courtney called nipples. Being used
  as a cow really changed her, and made her to be more sensitive. With EVERY
  stroke or touch, Scarlett could hear her helpless friend; pant, moan and begs
  for more.  
* * * * * * * *  
Scarlett woke up after a night in which she heard her friend, Courtney, screams.
  However, now she found that she was on some bed dressed in orange jail outfit
  with her pants pulled down to her knees. Both of her hands were handcuffed
  behind her back, and from what she felt; she didn't wore ANYTHING under the
  outfit. Her red mane now only reached to her shoulders. Her feet were bare,
  and she saw that she had a strange device on her right ankle.  
Just as Scarlett thought that things couldn't be worst, she saw Courtney
  naked accept for a strap-on dildo as she humbly followed her mistress who was
  dressed the same. Knowing that she had to do something fast, Scarlett said: &quot;please
  don't do this Courtney&hellip; fight her&hellip;&quot; however, it was for
  no avail as Courtney went to the bed and pulled Scarlett to her feet. Once
  Scarlett stood, the terrified blonde rammed her dildo into Scarlett's ass while
  her mistress rammed hers into Scarlett's pussy. For the next hour, Scarlett
  was thrown around like a rag doll before Courtney was dismissed by her mistress
  who continued to rape Scarlett.  
In the time that the Baroness raped her, Scarlett came against her will and
  reached to more orgasms then what she had with her husband.  
'Could it be that I'm a lesbian? Why do I enjoy that so much? Maybe I should
  submit to her. After all, the sex with her gave me more pleasure then in a
  life time. NO Scarlett; this bitch wants you as her slave like poor Courtney&hellip; you
  must resist her.' Scarlett told to herself as she drifted into thinking while
  this evil woman raped her.  
When the baroness finished, she forced Scarlett to her knees. Once the helpless
  captive was on her knees, she was forced to clean the dildo before her captor
  began to fuck her face while informing the resisting woman at her feet: &quot;you
  know Shana; your friend was just like you. However, after one month of training
  and humiliation; she begged me to control her. You see, in Courtney's new cloths
  in combination with her body, and her new attitude gives me cute Barbie doll
  to control. You on the other hand will remain as you are; I want to see Lady
  Jaye's expression when she will see you Shana.&quot;  
After a few minutes: the baroness stopped abusing Scarlett, before she helped
  her to her feet. Once she was on her feet, the baroness wore her silk robe
  before fastening a training collar around Scarlett's neck. That collar will
  remain there until the end of Scarlett's training. Once the collar was in place,
  the baroness pulled Scarlett's pants up before she attached a leash to the
  collar and led Scarlett out of her cell to the torture room and from there
  to the ground floor.  
As Scarlett followed her captor, she felt how her nipples began to stiff.
  On the way to where the baroness took her at the 2 nd  floor;
  Scarlett looked around and saw that Courtney had her very own dressing room
  and wondered where the miserable blonde was sleeping. Finely after 5 minutes
  of waking, the baroness led Scarlett to a room which looked like a doctor's
  office. In the middle of the room was a beautician chair with Velcro straps
  which Scarlett was attached to after Ann removed her pants and tore the shirt.  
Once the naked captive was tied to the chair, she noticed Courtney holding
  a silver tray next to her mistress. As Scarlett looked, she saw Ann taking
  Latex gloves and put them on her feet while informing her: &quot;now Shana.
  I know that ALL of you Joes as a cyanide capsule in case you will be caught.
  Now I'm not going to ask you; where it is? Because you'll try to lie like Courtney
  did. However, after the whipping and the full cavity search; she sang to me.
  Unfortunately for you, I'm not going to give you a chance to lie. One more
  thing Shana; from now on you'll call me: 'Mistress Ann.' if you'll fail to
  do so, then I'm afraid that Courtney will pay the price. From now on you are
  my slave, and I'm going to train you until you'll be just like Courtney.&quot;  
While Mistress Ann talked with Scarlett, Courtney placed the tray in place
  and came back with a flashlight which she held in her hands. Suddenly without
  a warning Mistress Ann began to open Scarlett's mouth, before Courtney forced
  a Whitehead Ratchet Mouth Gag. Next while Mistress Ann checked her captive's
  mouth, Courtney placed a Neck &amp; Spine Immobilizer before she placed a Leg
  Brace on each of her legs. Once the Leg Braces were in place; Courtney attached
  them to the chair, and that was when she released Scarlett's hands only to
  put them in a Bondage sleeves. Then just as Courtney took a little break to
  fuck her, Scarlett saw the freshly pierced rings on her former friend's nipples.  
Once Mistress Ann finished with Scarlett's mouth, she began to give her a
  full cavity checkup. While Scarlett moaned through her gag, she could see Courtney's
  ass swaying from one side to the other as she ran from behind Scarlett's point
  of view. A little while later when Courtney returned to her place, Mistress
  Ann said: &quot;now it's time to greet the pain.&quot; As Scarlett looked in
  horror while Mistress Ann took one needle after the other and shoved it to
  a strategic areas before she placed the permanent rings which rested on the
  tray. When the evil mistress finished, a bloody Scarlett was in tears as she
  watched how Anne kissed Courtney on the lips, while Courtney fucked her pussy
  once again with the flashlight. Courtney was indeed a submissive slave. However,
  now Scarlett was on the express way to join her as her body was decorated with:
  rings, chains and all sorts of other jewellery.  
When the ordeal was over and Scarlett got an antiseptic and a few pain killers,
  Mistress Ann asked her while she removed the Whitehead Ratchet Mouth Gag: &quot;so
  Shana, what your choice will be?&quot;  
&quot;I will submit to you&hellip; Mistress Ann. Just please do not hurt
  Courtney.&quot; Scarlett replied in her regular voice.  
&quot;No Shana. A good slave needs to talk as less as possible. SAY IT AGAIN!&quot; Mistress
  Ann said with a sadistic smile.  
&quot;Yes mistress; I'll submit to you&hellip; Mistress Anne. Please don't
  hurt Courtney.&quot; Scarlett repeated. However, as she talked she could see
  her mistress shaking her head as she freed her from the chair.  
&quot;Better, but can be even better. However, we will work on that later.
  Now, here are your cloths for the next month.&quot; Mistress Ann informed Scarlett
  as she pointed at some stool. Scarlett, who didn't want to get Courtney into
  farther troubles, went to the chair and donned her outfit which included; Black
  fishnet-stockings with matching garter-belt, crouch-less thong, a collar, black
  leather belt with a pair of strange bracelets attached to it by a chain on
  each side.  
When Scarlett finished, she turned around and was horrified to the view she
  found. Right there on the corner, she saw Courtney standing humiliated as she
  wore a saddle and what looked like a tail. Once Mistress Ann saw her, she went
  to Scarlett and after securing the bracelets on her arms, she attached a leash
  to her freshly pierced nipple before she claimed on the saddle and rode Courtney
  out of the room with a riding-crop in her other hand.  
When the riding was over, Scarlett was amazed that her friend was able to
  do this round with the way that she looked. Even though it was a slow ride;
  there was nothing for Scarlett to complain as her new mistress only tugged
  her nipples while she actually whipped Courtney's boobs. Scarlett also found
  that during her captivity, Courtney's mouth became dirtier.  
Once at the door, Mistress Ann removed the saddle and sent Courtney into
  the house to shower. Not knowing to her mistress, as Courtney went into the
  house she smiled knowing who her mistress hated more. While Courtney went to
  shower, Scarlett was led to a strange vacuum. The knob of the vacuum was a
  dildo with 3 straps, and as poor Scarlett soon found out, it went directly
  into her pussy. Mistress Ann took her time to fasten the straps in which she
  mocked Scarlett. Once finished, the Baroness dressed Scarlet with: super abbreviated
  flounced skirt, that didn't reach the top of their thighs and was buttoned
  from behind, white lace aprons, that extended between her breasts but did not
  cover them,&nbsp;and a doily cap which was placed after Mistress Ann removed
  the Neck &amp; Spine Immobilizer as well as the Leg Braces.  
When the last leg brace was removed; Mistress Ann turn on the vacuum, and
  Scarlett thought that it was the end. However, it was not the end as Mistress
  Ann shoved a ball-gag into Scarlett's mouth, after she squeezed on her victims
  mouth. While Mistress Anne secured the ball, she informed Scarlett about the
  gag; &quot;the gag which you are about to wear is called: &quot;spring clean,&quot; because
  it is maid of two parts. The 1 st  part is the regular
  ball-gag which you are wearing. However, there is more. As you can see at the
  mirror infront of you; this ball as a hole directly at the middle. This hole
  is made to have another part attached to it. That part will be a feather duster.
  Now, as you are probably understood by now; you will become my maid. In time
  you will learn your place. However, even then when you will be an expert in
  your duties; the bondage shall remain&hellip; I want you to be silent. Now
  remember; if you'll try anything&hellip; Courtney won't like the consequences.
  In due time I'll remove your thong young lady. However, until then you are
  to be well trained.&quot;  
Now under Mistress Ann's thumb, Scarlett stood in attention as her mistress
  attached the last part of the gag. Once she finished, Mistress Ann pulled the
  leash, and led her helpless captive to a makeup station. Once there, Scarlett
  was helped by her mistress to sit down, before the later began to place rollers
  in the woman's hair. When finished, Scarlett's training began.  
The end of Chapter_1.  
Chapter_2 &ndash; Fetish.  
Note: Scarlett's maid's uniform in this chapter was inspired by GW, AND the
  description of Cathy's word processor was taken from the story: &quot;business
  reversal&quot; by Downing-street and is used with the author's permission.  
Summery: Shana continues her humiliating role as a slave, while her mistress,
  Ann, Getting new slaves and Sergeant First Class Alison R. Hart-Burnett is
  finely caught...  
Two months past since Shana became Mistress Ann's slave and she finely got
  free of her bonds, and got new uniform which included: super abbreviated flounced
  skirt, that didn't reach the top of her thighs, no undergarments, with white
  lace apron, that extended between her bounteous breasts but did not cover them,&nbsp;black
  fishnet stockings with garters, doily caps. Furthermore; to make Shana look
  sluttier, Mistress Ann forced her to wear red garters at her knees.  
The day began quite the same as Shana just finished mopping the floors, when
  she arrived to the last part of the house called; &quot;Ann's Fetishes... your
  nightmares.&quot; Shana moved next to the 1 st  room
  at the corridor from which she heard muffle noises. Since her mistress ordered
  her to clean EVERY room, she went to the door, and read the sign: &quot;Ann's
  personal dairy room.&quot; inside the room was a table that had a computer
  and a microphone on it and a chair next to it which faced the windows that
  the noises came from. Shana cleaned the room, and when she saw what was behind
  the wall; she almost lost her balance. Inside the room were two rose of women
  on the right and teens on the left whose breasts were huge and were attached
  to a milking machine. From her state of shock, Shana could see that the woman
  only wore orange jail-pants, and had their legs shackled while their hands
  were cuffed and held inside a fingerless mittens. On the other hand, the teens
  only wore matching: diapers, mittens and a bonnet. Suddenly one of the teens
  tried another failed attempt to escape, and Shana could see that under the
  bonnet was a leather strap which held a binky for the teens to suck on.  
Week from what she saw, Shana set on the chair, and looked at the monitor.
  Suddenly as she set there, Shana noticed the connection; ALL of the adults
  were the missing prisoners which vanished 6 months ago. The teens were the
  daughters of rich men and women who Mistress Ann blackmailed after she kidnapped
  them. As Shana vegan to clean the desk, she read the numbers on the monitor
  and was shocked. The machines currently worked 17/7 on full power. According
  to the charts, in the 7 hours left; the &quot;cows&quot; rested. Another thing
  was that the last time they got the hormones was one month ago. Since then
  they produced milk, and according to the note at the right bottom; &quot;the
  milk from the subjects won't stop until: 2006, even at 100%. Then new hormones
  should be given.&quot;  
When the room was clean, the helpless woman gave one more look into the milking
  room before she got out. After the door to the dairy was closed, Shana heard
  barks which led her to the next door whose sign said: &quot;Mistress Ann's
  pet.&quot; Inside the room, Shana saw her mistress standing at the middle of
  the room, holding a leash which was connected to the collar secured around
  the neck of a sobbing, young blonde who crawled on all four. The blonde's hair
  was held in extremely short pigtails.  
As Shana began to clean, she noticed that both her mistress and the crawling
  blonde ignored her so she could just take the tour. As Shana looked around
  (while mopping the floors and doing her best to remove the dust with her head)
  she saw that there was a doggie-bed at the corner with a chain from the wall
  which waited for the blonde's legs. On the floor were old newspapers which
  the blonde pissed and peed on, and at one of the other corners were two bowls
  with doggie-food and water.  
Suddenly, as she looked at the wall infront of her, Shana understood EVERYTHING.
  On the wall, under a sign which said: &quot;Tiffany Van-Horn's makeover&quot; she
  saw two full size pictures of a blonde teen like the one crawling at the feet
  of Mistress Ann. The picture on the right was called: &quot;before&quot; and
  it showed a blonde teen who was dressed in; black patent shoes, yellow socks,
  red pleated skirt, and sheer white blouse. Other then that, the blonde wore
  a jacket of some private school, and her long hair was free to fall as she
  lay at the window of an &quot;animal specialist&quot; with her leg chained.  
The next picture was called &quot;after&quot;, was the SAME Blonde naked
  accept for her collar, and the papers were just what on the floor were exactly
  what Shana remembered. She remembered how happy the girl used to be, and felt
  sorry for her. However, since there was nothing that she could do in her predicament,
  the poor slave continued to clean. Once the room was cleaned, she took another
  look before she left it.  
Suddenly, the door bell rang and sent gentle shocks to Shana's nipples which
  were decorated by a very special sensor. Poor Shana ran as fast as she could
  under her bondage to the door. Once she arrived to the door and opened it,
  she saw 3 women dressed in trenchcoats whose leashes were held by the famous
  country singer; Fate Wilson. After her 1 st  two whores
  escaped, the furious woman bought the slaves of her friends; Bratty Sneers
  and Kandy Korn after convincing them that they'll get a cut.  
As Shana looked hopeless at the helpless slaves coming into the house after
  their mistress, she suddenly noticed her own mistress leading her &quot;doggie&quot; as
  they came down. Mistress Anne was dressed in black catsuit made of leather.
  Over her waist was a corset which reduced her waist while pushing her chest
  up. Everything between the belt-line to her knees was covered with midnight
  blue skirt. Her hands were covered with smooth red gloved made of leather.  
Once Mistress Ann's leg touched the floor, Shana saw how the trenchcoats
  (and most collars) were removed and thrown to the ground. As the maid, poor
  Shana's job was to place the cloths on the rack which she did. When finished,
  Shana looked at her mistress who inspected the slaves.  
&quot;Well Mistress Ann. What's yer opinion?&quot; Fate asked.  
&quot;Well Fate, I have to admit that I love little Cathy. Fortunately you
  sent me her picture and measurements so I'm ready for her. I would love to
  see the baby in the nursery. You know, maybe I'll send her pictures to her
  ex-husband. I just love the way that men reply to my letters. She is naked
  now. However, that won't remain.&quot; Mistress Ann said as she pointed at
  the cute brunette who had her hair in short pigtails. In her mouth, the woman
  had a binky and she held the hand of young woman.  
&quot;Ya, Cathy is very cute.&quot; Fate agreed.  
&quot;I also want the cute brunette, Melissa, to serve as my Lesbian lover.
  That means that you will I already got a full size bed, and lots of things
  to do with her. Besides, Cathy's nursery will be just one door away. If they
  will be good, then I will consider allowing Melissa to have an hour in which
  she will reunite with her family. However, Melissa won't be alone in my private
  chamber&hellip; ho no. you see Fate, I'm going to have her joined by her aunt;
  Lynn Kravitz, or should I say; Milky. Do not be so shocked Fate, I red the
  papers you sent me.&quot; Mistress Ann said as she pointed Melissa who held
  hands with Cathy. Melissa was also naked, and the only mark that she was the
  property of someone, was a brand on her left ass cheek which could be seen
  under the little diaper she wore. Just looking at Melissa said good times for
  Mistress Ann.  
When Mistress Ann finished, she began to check the last black haired woman.
  This woman was dressed as a cow in a costume which included; white stockings
  with black spots, matching opera gloves, matching bow with a pair of ears and
  a cowbell which had the following carved on:  
Name: Milky.  
Owner: Mistress Ann.  
Uses; general purposes.  
At that moment, Ann decided that this woman will become one of her pets.
  However, not like Tiffany and the rest of her bitches; Milky will get a special
  attention. Looking at Milky made Ann to feel happy, it didn't matter how long
  she was milked, her breasts remained; full, round and firm.  
Suddenly, Mistress Ann motioned with her head and six Amazonian women came
  and separated the family members once again. Once again Melissa and her mother,
  Cathy, hugged before they were torn from each other as four Amazonian women
  separated them and dragged them to their new rooms. Once the three black haired
  women were out of sight, another two grabbed Fate and took her away after Mistress
  Ann paid her.  
When Fate was out, the two Amazonian women got to a car and went to accomplish
  the mission that her boss, Mistress Ann, gave them. Even though Mistress Ann
  was not as powerful and built as they were; ALL the amazons who worked for
  her feared her because of her past as the MOST sadistic dominatrix in the area.
  All of them knew that she had slaves from all the genders which included: straight
  males and females, gays, lesbians and bisexual which Ann had them under her
  thumb by blackmails or as results of wagers and fights. There was only ONE
  woman which Mistress Ann feared because she was even more sadistic then her.
  That mistress was her best friend as well as her mentor, and her name was:
  Mistress Anne Smith from Empire-city.  
Ann never informed Fate is that she desired to be the mistress of: Fate,
  Bratty and Kandy. Now after meeting with Fate, she wanted to have the bitch.
  However, that will have to wait. She still had one more mission before this
  pleasure.  
Once alone, Shana asked her mistress in her now submissive tone: &quot;like
  please Mistress Ann, may I have a word with you and stuff?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Bambi. What is it?&quot; Mistress Ann replied as she looked at
  her pet, Tiffany, who submissively licked her shoes. The helpless girl was
  Ann's pet for 2 years now, and in that time she learned to be her owner's bitch.  
&quot;Like, if Melissa will kinda become your lovers, like what will with
  slut Courtney?&quot; Bambi replied, trying to sound as dumb as possible. She
  knew that mistress Ann had the joker (Courtney) in her hand, and didn't want
  to harm her former friend.  
&quot;Don't worry about Courtney. Now go to do your chores!&quot; Mistress
  Ann ordered as she led Tiffany back to her room. At the room, Tiffany, who
  knew what was coming, plead for Mistress Ann's mercy to no avail. As the sobbing
  teen cried, she saw her mistress putting on her strap-on dildo. When mistress
  Ann finished, Tiffany was on her hands and knees ready to be fucked Doggie-style.
  Poor Tiffany hated to be in this position, but she had no choice; she was Ann's
  bitch and there was nothing that anyone could do about it. Besides, she knew
  that the area of the manor was 20,000 KM, with traps on 90&amp; of it. As a
  domestic slave there was mo way that she will be able to know where the traps
  were, and so she was forced to go threw daily humiliation. Besides, as humiliating
  as it was, poor Tiffany began to enjoy it until eventually she stopped fighting.  
When Ann finished, she led the abused teen to her bed and locked her leg
  before she removed the strap-on. Next Mistress Ann wore her robe before she
  turned on the air conditioner on 16 degrees Celsius cold. Then as her bitch
  began to moan and beg for mercy, Mistress Ann left the room. Next Ann went
  to her private chambers, and informed the guards who watch the doors of the
  nursery and her chamber who gave her the key to the nursery which Ann heard
  Cathy cry and the one to her chamber: &quot;those whores in MY room must remain
  where they are. Now girls, since those whores are mine, then you can use COURTNEY.
  Now, since the nursery and the chamber will remain locked, you are all dismissed.&quot;  
&quot;So we can use Courtney 24/7?&quot; One of the guards asked.  
&quot;Yes.&quot; Mistress Ann replied.  
&quot;Okay, let's go.&quot; One of the guards said, and ALL the guards went
  to get Courtney. Knowing that Courtney was equal to 50 horny whores thrilled
  them, now after one year of training; Courtney was ready to become their willing
  toy in return for daily fuck. Furthermore, knowing that this Courtney was a
  sergeant just made their day as they were about to become her commanding officers.
  They knew that Ann's offer was in another words; &quot;look, I don't want Courtney
  at this time. I'm willing to share my authority over the whore, so for now
  she is YOUR slave. Now go and have fun.&quot;  
As the guards walked to get Courtney, Mistress Ann walked into Cathy's room
  (or the nursery as it was called), and found the beautiful mother sitting naked
  accept for a diaper on a pink chair made of crimson plastic next to a matching
  table whose colors were happy blue to the legs, and bright red to the plate.
  The walls of the room were painted with pink, and had yellow bunnies playing
  next to framed pictures of Cathy, which Ann received from Cathy's former mistress.  
Not far from where Cathy set&hellip; right at the corner was a colorful wooden
  baby-bed that was filled with dolls, and had pink set of covers. The bed itself
  looked like the bed of a princess from a fairytale. The bed itself was surrounded
  by pink see-through curtain. Next to the bed, Ann saw a pink child's chair
  with matching chaise. At one of the other corners, Ann saw the diaper-bag as
  well as a baby-cart with pink blanket. In time, she would have her slut in
  the cart.  
Over the floor of the room, was a pink baby rug that completely covered it.
  At the other corner of the room, were pink dresser and clothing closet which
  were licked. The only person who had the keas was Mistress Ann, who knew just
  how she wanted her new slut to be dressed. Other then that, Cathy's new room
  included bookshelves with many books for little girls from 3-10 as well as
  a few magazines. However, inside the little chest placed at her bed, just under
  the innocent looking lamp, Cathy's reading material was for adults. Furthermore,
  other then the dolls on her bed, Terri had another chest with toys for adults.  
Looking around, Ann was pleased. When she 1 st  bought
  the furniture she thought that they'll be too small. However, having them costumed-built
  was just what she needed.  
Coming closer to Cathy, allowed Ann to hear her sobbing helplessly as she
  was busy signing on a stack of documents which the young mistress placed in
  her business-suitcase. On the table, Cathy had: pink phone (which in time she
  will use for her phone sessions), word processor was fire-engine red, with
  a built-in screen that displayed text in big gold letters. It looked like an
  electronic toy designed for a child. The keyboard was color-coded in black,
  red and yellow. It wasn't even a real computer; it would only run one program.  
The screen-saver depicted a frolicking kitten.  
Other then that, the table also had two framed pictures of her daughter and
  sister as they were now.  
Then Mistress Ann placed her hands over Cathy's nipples, and gently began
  to fondle them while helping her to stand. When Cathy stood, she began to pant
  as her mistress, Ann, slipped her right hand down, and began to rub her pussy-lips.
  As Cathy panted, Ann began to lick her neck until there was not even one spot
  which was dry. Next Ann grabbed Cathy's clit, and began to play with it before
  she informed her new lover; &quot;now Cathy, from now on you'll never refer
  to anyone as mistress. You see, a little girl like you must call other woman:
  miss. Understood?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Miss Ann.&quot; Cathy replied with a smile, as she began to rub
  her right pussy-lip with her right hand. A few minutes later, when she noticed
  that her mistress had no objections, Cathy began to play with her stiffed left
  nipple with her left hand.  
&quot;Now my dear, I want you to be the naughtiest girl around. That
    is why you are going to erase the following words from your vocabulary; breasts
    and vagina. Now instead of the word: breasts, you will describe yours as:
    bazookas, bazoomiess, berthas, big berthas, boobs, big McDuffs, boobies,
    brace and bits. Furthermore, I want to hear you also say: chubbies, coconuts,
    Dolly Partons, globes, grapefruits, hooters, jugs, knockers, melons, milk
    wagons, puppies, thirty-eights, and woofers. Cathy, all of those words means
    big pair of breasts, and I want you to use them. Understood?&quot; 
    
&quot;Yes Miss Ann. I understand.&quot; Cathy said as she lost her balance.  
&quot;Whine when you answer!&quot; Miss Ann ordered.  
&quot;Yes Miss Ann.&quot; Cathy whined.  
&quot;That's better. However, next time I want you to use higher voice like
  a little girl. Now Cathy, instead of the word: vagina, you will say: Pussy
  or cunt. Understood?&quot; Miss Ann asked with a smile.  
&quot;Yes Miss Ann.&quot; Cathy replied in a perfect way. Suddenly, before
  both mistress and slave began to kiss. Apparently the fore-play began to take
  it toe on them. Then a few minutes later, Cathy suddenly found herself on her
  knees licking Miss Ann's pussy. And from that it didn't take to long before
  they were in sixty-nine position. Being away from her former Mistress, Kandy
  Korn. The feeling that Cathy had of some sort of freedom has turned Cathy into
  a loyal and horny slave. Furthermore, Cathy believed that if she will be good,
  it won't be long before she will see her daughter and sister.  
A few hours later, when Miss Ann finished her session with the exhausted
  Cathy, the 1 st  informed the later: &quot;you know
  what Cathy? Instead of one hour per week, I'm going to give you one and a half
  hours per day to be with your family. Now, all I want in return is that you'll
  remain just as you are. If you'll remain here and won't try to escape I promise
  that you'll be fucked by me on a daily basic. From now on Cathy, you are going
  to become my personal actress and sex-slave. Don't worry about Melissa. I have
  a few plans for her.&quot;  
&quot;Okay Miss Ann.&quot; Cathy replied as she crawled to the bed, and fell
  into sleep while Ann went out of the room. Once she was out of the nursery,
  Miss Ann locked it and smiled as she began to unlock the door to her chamber.
  Once the door was open, Ann stepped in before she locked the door from behind
  her. At the room, she saw Milky-Milk still dressed as a cow tied to a wooden
  chair. Milky's bells rand wildly as she was milked and looked at her lovely
  niece. The chair itself was position in such a way that it forced its occupant
  to look on the bed. Furthermore, Milky's head was held with a leather strap
  that held her head STREIGHT at ALL times. Other then that, Ann could hear how
  Milky panted in pleasure as a vibrator that was hid inside her ass worked.  
On the bed, poor Melissa lay naked as she wept into the pillow. Her hair
  was a mess, and it was clear to Ann that she was raped by the Amazons as she
  ordered. After a while, she came closer to the moaning Milky, and saw that
  a ball gag was secure in her mouth. Without loosing time; Ann grabbed her strap-on
  and surprised Melissa as she jumped from behind her and began to pump her miserable
  ass with the huge thing. At 1 st  Melissa screamed
  in pain, but then she began to pant like bitch in heat. Once Melissa began
  to pant, Ann knew that it won't be long before the former will cum.  
When poor Melissa came, Ann forced her to suck the strap-on before she removed
  it. Then Ann forced her humiliated slave to lie across her knees before she
  informed her while she smacked her ass (one cheek at a time): &quot;now, my
  dear Melissa&hellip; finely we are all alone. Just you and me. I have lots
  of things that I'm going to do with you. After I saw your picture, and received
  your measurements I went on a shopping spree. In that spree, I bought you new
  wardrobe. That wardrobe is all the way from the lingerie to the; pants, dresses,
  skirts and gowns you'll wear. After all; as my lover you must be dressed perfectly.
  Understood?&quot;  
&quot;OUCH&hellip; Yes mistress.&quot; Melissa replied helplessly, as the
  smacking suddenly stopped. Melissa tried to look up, when a hand pushed her
  head down before she received another smack. Unaware by Melissa, her mistress
  put on her hand extendable latex-gloves before she slipped her right index
  finger into Melissa's ass. Once inside, Ann began to pull her finger in and
  out while using the other hand to stroke Melissa's black hair.  
For the next minute Ann gave pleasure to Melissa, until she suddenly stopped
  and forced the frustrated woman to lie on her back next to her. When Melissa
  was in position, Ann removed her robe and forced Melissa to wear a mask that
  covered her eyes. Next Ann forced Melissa to lick her ass after she set on
  her face. Using Melissa's nipples, Ann was able to hurry her laboring slave
  as if she had a pair of rains.  
When Melissa's current ordeal was over, she saw her &quot;lover&quot; going
  to the closet and coming out with her 1 st  costume.
  The costume was white Stretch satin Tank Top with the words: &quot;American
  bimbo&quot; printed on it, as well as Blue star print shorts with suspenders
  and matching Knee Pads. Her legs were forced into 6&quot; heels, and her hair
  was made into long pigtails. When Melissa's look was complete, Ann informed
  her: &quot;as my lover Melissa, you will have to submit to me, and wear MANY
  new cloths. Each outfit that you'll wear will have something special. For example;
  the outfit that you're wearing (together with a few others) will be your learning
  outfit. In that outfit, you will learn how to be an exotic dancer, while the
  others will be for school.&quot;  
Once Ann finished, Melissa's training began.  
Meanwhile not far from Ann's compound, black car made to travel people in
  wheelchairs stopped not far from a shack placed JUST between the city and the
  compound. The 1 st  woman who came out of the car
  was a muscular yet feminine woman with fiery red hair. The other woman looked
  just like the 1 st  with the exception that her hair
  was black, and she had a collar around her neck. Both of them wore matching
  leather outfits accept for the fact that the brunette had her; pussy-lips,
  breasts and hips uncovered. Other then that, the brunette's outfit was tighter.  
Both women worked for Ann, and were responsible for the most famous kidnaps.
  However, the MOST famous was that of: US Sergeant Courtney A. Krieger. None
  of them had ANY type of troubles with Ann who paid them 1,000,000 dollars per
  kidnap. However, as far as the authorities tried, the two built such a maze
  of financial record that no one could get the proofs for doing ANYTHING to
  them. Not like the other Amazonian women, those two knew what Ann wanted, and
  received her graces (money) in return. During the time that they worked for
  Ann, the two became &quot;businesswomen&quot; as well as a pair of lovers with
  the redhead as the dominatrix and the brunette as her submissive.  
Knowing that the ENTIRE area was under surveillance (and that their object
  was ALL alone inside the shack), forced them to be careful and quick. During
  the last month, they observed the shack and learned it so now they began to
  use their knowledge as they safely went on a road which they knew that was
  without ANY surveillance items. Once they stood at the wooden shack, they saw
  US Sergeant First Class Alison R. Hart-Burnett wearing a bikini, who lay inside
  a pool-chair. With her back to THEM, so they decided to jump her. Alison tried
  to resist but was nothing in compare to the power of the Amazonian women who
  attacked her. The fight lasted for 10 minutes before poor Alison was out. Seeing
  that, the redhead said: &quot;look at her Nicole.&quot;  
&quot;She is so cute Amanda. Do you think that Ann will allow US to play
  with her?&quot; Nicole asked with a smile, as she dressed Alison with a hospital
  t-shirt.  
&quot;I hope so.&quot; Amanda said as she helped Nicole before they dressed
  her with the pants. Once finished, both women placed an air cast on Alison's
  legs before they dressed her with a straitjacket. Next Amanda forced a Whitehead
  Ratchet Mouth Gag into Alison's mouth, while Nicole wore her nurse uniform.
  When Nicole finished, she helped Amanda to sit Alison in a wheelchair before
  she began to fasten the straps while Amanda placed a Neck and Spine Immobilizer.
  When both finished, they quickly took Alison to the car.  
At the car, Amanda went to the driver-sit and waited, while Nicole opened
  the doors to the back of the car. Once they were open, Amanda lowered the elevator
  before she pushed her &quot;cripple&quot; victim on it. Once the paddles touched
  the edge of the elevator, Amanda raised the elevator until it was at the same
  level of the back. Once there, Nicole pushed the chair till it reached its
  place before she went back to get a belt. While Nicole did her way to the bucket,
  Alison began to wake up before she screamed through her gag. However, her evil
  captors ignored her as Nicole began to tie the belt before she went out of
  the back. Once out, she did the preparations to begin before she went to the
  passenger sit, and Amanda drove away.  
When they reached the &quot;hospital section&quot; of the compound, both
  Amanda and Nicole helped Alison to feel comfortable.  
The end of Chapter_2.  
Chapter_3 &ndash; Ann's compound.  
Note_1: the idea for this chapter was inspired by the story: &quot;Casino&quot; by
  Blair-Brek and a few of the descriptions are used with HER permission.  
Note_2: Donna's new look was inspired by the story: &quot;the lab rat&quot; by
  Musker.  
Summery: Ann and Melissa go on a trip in Ann's gallery.  
An entire month passed since the kidnap of Sergeant First Class Alison R.
  Hart-Burnett, and Ann was in a very good mood as she fucked Melissa's ass,
  and listened to the bells from Melissa's freshly pierced nipples. Melissa's
  nipples were pierced with permanent rings that had bells attached to them by
  a chain. Poor Melissa was bent over a table with her hands tied behind her
  back with a rope. Other then that; Melissa had a collar with a leash which
  was held by Ann, AND fastened around her slim neck. For the last hour, Melissa
  was fucked and spanked until she finely came after getting an orgasm.  
Ann on the other hand, wore full-bathing suit under the 9&quot; strap-on.
  It was more of a statement then anything else. As if Ann basically said: &quot;you
  can come as long as you want. However, your dirty jizm won't fell on me&hellip; unless
  I would allow you to lick me like your dirty mother is doing.&quot; In Ann's
  eyes, it was pure excitement to have a mother-daughter-Auntie team as her sex-slaves.  
After Melissa calmed down, Ann pulled the dildo out of Melissa's ass before
  she set on the sofa next to Melissa. Once she set; Ann pulled the leash, and
  forced Melissa to her knees before the dildo went into her mouth. For the next
  5 minutes, Melissa sucked the dildo until Ann removed it from Melissa's mouth,
  and got dressed with: white t-shirt, blue ankle high dress, white socks and
  sport shoes.  
When Ann finished, she dressed poor Melissa with cowboy-pants before she
  helped her &quot;lover&quot; to stand. When Melissa stood, Ann said: &quot;now
  babe, sat goodbye to auntie Milky. Today I'm going to take you on a tour around
  MY compound. If you'll be good, I promise that you'll be fucked tonight.&quot; Before
  she led Melissa out of the room, and to the outside. When they were outside,
  Melissa saw the armed guards patrolling around. However, those guards were
  very strange as they looked more like lovedolls then humans.  
Once the guards Melissa saw past them, Ann took her topless slave to the
  block of buildings on the right which had a sign above two posts which said: &quot;welcome
  to Ann's house of fun.&quot; On the way to the building, Melissa saw a bus
  with armed guards coming out of it. Seeing that it was interesting to her &quot;lover&quot;,
  made Ann to stop and allow her to look. A few minutes after Ann stopped, she
  came next to Melissa and placed her hand on Melissa's ass while the later watched
  as women dressed in orange prison jumpsuits came out of the bus shackled. As
  the prisoners went out of the bus, Ann said: &quot;you see Melissa; those women
  are convicted prisoners who were sent here to do their LIFE sentence. Each
  prisoner is about to have new position here. However, most of them will end
  at my stables OR at my house of fun. It depends on what they were found guilty.
  You see, they start their way to MY world of; slavery, brothels, pornography.
  You see Melissa; there are two groups of slaves here. The 1 st  group
  is that of people who come here that MUST have changes at their figure&hellip; those
  slaves has 99.9% to end in one of MY brothels or pornographic studios. However,
  the 2 nd  group is that of those slaves who don't
  need ANY changes. Those slaves will end up at my house of fun as one part of
  the exhibitions. You see Melissa; MY house of fun is the biggest part of the
  compound, and is made of 5 building which has 6 floors. The 1 st  floor
  is the &quot;lobby,&quot; and under it I have the dungeon in which I keep naughty
  slaves who were rude to the staff. The remained 4 floors of the building are
  used like a peep-show. Each slave in MY house of fun gets fucked by the staff
  on a daily basic. Furthermore, each building has a purpose of its own.  
Now Melissa; before going to where they supposed to, we take two pictures.
  The 1 st  is that of the prisoner in her uniform\jumpsuit.
  The 2 nd  picture shows them naked. Then they are
  sent to where they need to before we take the picture of the final look. After
  that; none of the prisoners will be free EVER again. No one can stop me Melissa.
  You see, I own the district; DA and governor as well as the local mayor by
  having the entire female part of their family between the ages of 18-40 under
  MY control. Once a slave reaches 41, she is being reassigned.&quot;  
When Ann finished; they saw how the prisoners ran to a building made of bricks,
  before Ann pulled the leash and led Melissa to the 1 st  building
  that looked like your ordinary block-building. When they got to the entrance,
  Ann informed Melissa: &quot;this building looks like your ordinary brick-building
  Melissa. However, that building IS the notorious &quot;school for ladies&quot; which
  I built to educate both the prisoners and other women who work as MY private
  amusement. The slaves of the school ARE used as a 'permanent show' and since
  it was established, there was only ONE attempt of escaping. However, after
  the slaves saw MY reaction; they NEVER tried to escape again. That day 50 women
  turned into lovedolls and were given to my friend and former LESBIAN lover,
  Princess Samira the 2 nd  , to be used as her; maids,
  slaves and harem-girls at her palace.&quot;  
Once both women were inside the building, Ann led Melissa to a room called; &quot;the
  gallery&quot; where she removed the leash. When they got in, Melissa was shocked
  as she saw hundreds of two pictures framed on the walls. Then without wasting
  time, Ann led Melissa to the 1 st  set of pictures.
  Once there, Ann said: &quot;now Melissa, those sets of pictures is the &quot;before&quot; and &quot;after&quot; pictures
  that I talked about. Each slave who you see here on the walls; is working neither
  as my entertainment right here at MY house of fun, or as a part of MY staff,
  or in one of my establishments. After all, such a huge compound doesn't survive
  without workers. Besides; none of my slaves will escape because of the fear
  that I stroke in their hearts and the information that I have. Now as you will
  see; I own male slaves. However, those slaves are being land to my dominatrix
  friends or to masters who wants them. None of those slaves would also escape
  because I own their; wives, daughters and sons as well. The men that you will
  see at the gallery her projects that I'm doing for my friends. The men have
  their own building, and they ONLY have sex with other men because MOST of them
  are going to be sold or returned to their &quot;men-loving&quot; masters. The &quot;before&quot; is
  on the right, and the &quot;after&quot; is on the right. Now Melissa, this
  set belongs to my former lawyer, Donna sands. You see, after the death of my
  older sister I took HER lawyer to help me sue. However, the bitch failed me,
  and now she is working as my bell hopper, Bambi dumb&hellip;&quot; while Melissa
  looked at the pictures.  
The &quot;before&quot; set showed a brunette woman with very short hair.
  The woman was dressed in a conservative business suit which included: red open
  heel pumps, red thigh high skirt, blue shirt with v-cut neckline, and a matching
  jacket. On her face, Donna had a delightful smile that said that she had no
  problems in the world. Suddenly as she looked at the picture, Melissa was stunned
  to find out that this used to be her best-friend's mother who vanished one
  day without a trace just one year after her OWN mother became lesbian sex-slave.
  Melissa has also remembered how only a few days after Donna vanished; her husband
  began to wear HIS wife's cloths and makeup as well as wigs and jewellery. Melissa
  also remembered how her friend slowly became dumber and dumber before she dropped
  out of school and began her carear as an escort girl.  
The &quot;after&quot; picture showed Donna after her makeover. She was dressed
  with 4 Piece Costume which included long sleeve gold trim collar Coat, Tri
  Bra which looked as if her huge melons were spilled out from, Booty Shorts
  with gold stripe on side and matching Cap. Other then that, Melissa saw that
  as Bambi Donna also had her appearance changed. Her breasts has grew from &quot;C'
  cup to &quot;FF&quot; cup. Her waist was corseted down from its thick 38&quot;,
  to an hour glass tiny 16&quot;, and her hips were flared to a sexy curvy 40&quot;.
  Next to her set on the right, Melissa saw the sat of her friend, Gwen Sands,
  and that of her (Gwen's) father.  
Seeing Melissa stopping next to Gwen's picture made Ann to ask: &quot;do
  you know Candy?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Ann. She used to be my BEST friend.&quot; Melissa replied as she
  tried to choke down a tear.  
&quot;Ho that's great. After you'll finish the tour of MY gallery, I'll allow
  you to wear MY doll. You know Melissa; if it wasn't for her father, both she
  and her mother were free. The idiot had a debt of: 1,000,000 bucks which he
  gambled in one of my casinos. Once we found out that he couldn't pay, I forced
  him to sign on a biding legal contract. According to the contract, he had to
  fetch the money until an entire year will pass. The other part of the contract
  was that if he will fail; then he as well as HIS daughter and wife will become
  my slaves. However, instead of saving money; the idiot continued to gamble.  
This &quot;after&quot; picture, as cute as she might be is not her current.
  You see Melissa; I used to use her as a maid. However, now Candy has new position.
  You know Melissa; I still remember our 1 st  session,
  and how she loved my pool. I tell you Melissa, she was the best whore that
  I EVER came across. But then I met her, and since then she is serving at my
  private pool as MY cabana-girl&hellip; or should I say; pussy-girl?&quot; once
  Ann finished, she slapped Melissa on her ass before the later moved to the
  next set of pictures.  
The next set of pictures which Melissa saw was that of; Miss Kimberly Rogers&hellip; who
  used to be the DA until she tried to prosecute the submissive Nicole who at
  the time used to be shared by BOTH Ann and Amanda&hellip; that act cost her
  what was supposed to be great carear.  
The &quot;before&quot; picture showed her dressed in red conservative outfit
  much like the one of Donna. However, Kimberly had her hair tied in a tight
  bun, and she seemed to be very happy that she finely caught Ann.  
Suddenly before moving to the &quot;after&quot; picture, Melissa noticed
  something as she took a quick look around. What Melissa realized was that the &quot;before&quot; pictures
  where all the same type, a woman photographed from the waist up, some in fetish
  wear, most not, and all sporting a relaxed warm happy smile. These women all
  seemed to be quite capable, intelligent and well groomed. They looked like
  executives, secretaries, college coeds, lawyers, and in general, your basic
  high caliber rolemodels of today's women. Christine could not make out anything
  that showed a weird or kinky interest at all. But the &quot;after&quot; pictures
  seemed to be totally reverse of that image.  
In fact, the difference was so striking that she seriously thought that maybe
  these beautiful women were tricked or forced into these so-called &quot;make-overs&quot;.
  As Melissa began to walk around looking at the pictures there seemed to be
  a theme related to the &quot;after&quot; photos. They all showed the women
  in either submissive roles of servitude or made to look like some stereotype
  male fantasy slut. There were French maids, waitresses, harem slave girls,
  bimbos and dolls. All dressed in erotic clothing of latex and leather. Some
  were in bondage and some were not.  
The next pictures were that of a woman called: Laura Jones. To the observer
  who looked at the &quot;before&quot; picture, saw a brunette dressed in long
  sundress and sandals. The woman looked like every other woman from the middle
  class. Blair did looked rather attractive, at 5'7&quot; tall, 130 lb with shoulder
  length brunette hair and brown eyes she had a seductive look about her for
  sure. Other then that, her measurements were: 36C-30-34. According to Ann,
  this woman was another slave she bought before enslaving her former mistress
  and master.  
The &quot;after&quot; picture however showed Laura . However, not
      like the others, this set had 2 &quot;after&quot; pictures of Laura's back
      and front. At the front picture, Melissa saw Laura wearing a batgirl   uniform
      which was at the same colors as Ann's team. There were blue 4&quot; heels
      with ankle straps. Blue stretch shorts that had a V cut in front that was
      a good three inches below her belly button. They were cut high in back
      so her cheeks would hang out. Her top was a white cut-off tank top with
      spaghetti straps. Her hair was put in pigtails with ribbon with the ends
      left as long as possible. Other then that, Melissa concluded that Laura
      had no bra or panties because she saw the slogan on the wall behind the
      humiliated woman which said: &quot;cocksucking whores don't wear things
      like that.&quot;  
Other then that, her shoulder length brunette hair had been permed giving
  her a wild look. Other then that, it was no longer brunette but blonde with
  strawberry highlights. Poor Laura who had an intelligent elegant look about
  her now looked like a blonde bimbo.  
Then as Melissa continued with the tour, she heard Ann laughing.  
The end of Chapter_3.  
The end of part_1.   
   
Note: Melissa's tour will continue in part_2.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Outsider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





