BDSM Library - The Stranger




The Stranger
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Black woman raped by stranger.The Stranger   
Part One &ndash; The House   
It was a late summer night and Melody was on her way home. She had gotten
  off work early, but had to stop by the store on the way home to get some flowers
  for her garden. She looked at her watch; seven o'clock already, the evening
  was slipping away fast. As she turned the first corner on the street in the
  neighborhood she lived in, she saw the same men standing out on the street.
  It seemed like they were always waiting for her, making lewd gestures and trying
  to get her to pull her car over. As usual she locked her doors and rolled the
  windows up tight, glad that she had paid the extra money to have dark tint
  put on the windows. She could see them but they couldn't see her. That was
  the way she liked it. They were low-life's, a bunch of niggers, spicks and
  poor-white trash. Weren't even worthy of her speaking to them.  
She let out a small sigh as she turned the final corner in her neighborhood,
  she was glad to get off of that street. The section of houses in the front
  of her subdivision had changed dramatically since she first moved in. The back
  section had the much "nicer" homes, they cost almost twice as much as the ones
  near the front. Even so she had placed her house up for sale. She had cursed
  the realtor that had sold her the house. She had purchased the house during
  the winter months, nobody was outdoors. Though the first part of the neighborhood
  did not look that impressive, the part that she moved in was very exquisite
  and the price was more than reasonable. Four months later, spring arrived and
  the men started hanging out on the streets. It wasn't until then that she realized
  why the house had sold for so cheap.  
After a few of the men had actually followed her down the street to her house
  one day, she hired a contractor to make her home more secure. She had a 16-foot
  privacy fence installed all the way around her yard to prevent anyone from
  seeing in. The patio was completely screened in with glare screen. This was
  a new type screen that prevents someone from seeing inside of it unless they
  are at least 5 feet from the house. The garage door was put in with a sensor
  that would beep if anyone was within ten feet outside of the door when it tried
  to close. This should give her a warning if one of "those people" should try
  to run inside of the garage before the door closed. She could at least lock
  the door and stay inside of the car.  
Finally she had burglar bars installed. Not typical bars, but bars that were
  hidden inside the glass window and when the windows tinted (which they did
  automatically during the daytime), you could barley see the bars inside of
  them. There was a sensor installed on the windows so that even if she raised
  them and forgot to lower them, they would automatically close if they felt
  pressure being placed on the sill. The sensor also detected if something was
  blocking it from closing and would not lock down all the way, but as an added
  precaution, it could only be raised back up from the inside.  
Yes, she was proud of the security system she had for her home. No-one could
  get in unless she wanted them to. Her friends said that she had paid too much
  for all the security. She told them; "when I lay down in the evening to go
  to sleep, I go to sleep! How about you?"  
Melody pulled the car into her garage, went in the house, placed the flowers
  on the ledge by the window and quickly changed clothes. It was late and she
  wanted to get into her back yard to finish planting her flowers. She grabbed
  her yard shoes off of the shelf as she headed out the door onto the back deck.
  After putting on her shoes she realized that she had left the flowers inside
  the house. She reached through the windows and grabbed the flowers, being sure
  not to lean on the window sill and make the window fall. Melody took the flowers
  and planted them in the yard. It took her a couple of hours, but she finished
  before it was too dark.  
She sat on the patio chair, took off her shoes and sat them on the floor.
  She had no sooner gotten her shoes off when the phone rang. She was expecting
  a call from an important client and did not want to miss it. She reached through
  the window to grab the phone. She had almost grabbed the phone when she tripped
  over her shoes that she had sat on the floor, landing on the window sill, before
  she could do anything else, SLAMM!!, the windows fell down on her neck. She
  let out a loud scream of pain. The windows felt like it had broken her neck.
  The contractor must not have adjusted the settings correctly for this window,
  she thought to herself.  
While she was cursing him, she started to pull her head out. Her face froze
  with panic when she realized the window had come down so hard that her head
  was actually stuck in the window! She couldn't pull it out and she couldn't
  raise the window. She looked around the room as much as she could, trying to
  see something she could grab. The phone was right there in front of her, still
  ringing. If she could push the receiver off she could send for help. She strained
  to reach the receiver, it was right at the edge of her fingertips, just a little
  bit more. Just as she finally reached it and pushed it off of the hook, it
  stopped ringing. "Hello, hello, are you there?" she yelled into the phone.
  She received nothing but silence. Finally the operator came on with the recorded
  message telling her to hang up the phone.  
She groped the wall outside the window to see if she could find anything.
  As she groped along she felt the hoe that she had been using to plant the flowers.
  She grabbed it and began beating on the side of the house and yelling, hoping
  someone would hear her and come to her rescue.  
After about an hour, she started to get tired and laid there with her head
  stuck in the window &ndash; crying. She started to believe that she would die
  like this and was about to give up hope when she found another burst of energy,
  she was not going to die this way!! It was about eleven o'clock at night, it
  was quiet, surely someone would hear her now. She grabbed the hoe and slammed
  it up against the side of the house as hard as she could and screamed for help.
  Just when she thought no-one had heard her, she heard the patio door open.
  Finally, someone had come to help her!  
Part II &ndash; The Stranger   
"Hello", "Hello", she said; but there was no response. Maybe she was mistaken;
  maybe she only thought she heard something. "Is anyone out there, can you please
  help me?" she asked. Still there was no reply. She thought she might have been
  mistaken, until she felt a hand on her ass. She jumped in amazement. Not only
  was she startled that there was actually someone there, but by the fact that
  they were placing their hand on her ass. "Please help me, my head is stuck
  in the window", she said.  
The only reply she received was the hand lifting up her dress and groping
  her ass. Then the stranger placed his hand between her legs and massaged her
  pussy. "Stop that"; she yelled as she clamped her legs close. That was a mistake,
  his hand was now caught between her legs and continued to massage her pussy.
  She felt his other hand as it started pulling her panties down. "Please don't
  do this"; she pleaded as she opened her legs to allow the stranger to remove
  his hands.  
The stranger removed his hand from between her legs, when she opened them.
  Maybe he had had enough and would leave her alone, she thought. She was hoping
  that he would leave. The stranger stopped groping Melody's ass and was standing
  there admiring her body. He could not believe his luck; he had wanted to fuck
  this bitch for a long time. Now here she was, bent over, ready to be fucked
  and nothing she could do to prevent it.  
He had watched her go down the street many times in her Mercedes, turning
  her head at him, ignoring him, treating him like he was nobody. And now, here
  she was at his mercy, begging him for help. Well he was going to help her alright,
  but only after helping himself first. He had noticed how pretty she was going
  down the street, but couldn't get over her beauty as she knelt there in front
  of him. Melody was about 5'5" inches tall, 27 years old, with a chocolate brown
  complexion and silky black hair. Her skin was satiny soft and as with most
  black women, she had a nice ass &ndash; big, soft, round and firm. He could
  not see her breast clearly from here, but she looked like she was about a 34C &ndash; just
  enough to make a man happy!  
He reached his hand out again to caress her ass and Melody let out a scream.
  The stranger let go of her ass and backed away. "If you touch me again, I'll
  scream louder"; she said. He couldn't have that, didn't want to attract more
  attention. He opened the door to her house and went in. Melody wondered what
  he was doing, she could hear his footsteps inside of the house, but at the
  angle her head was turned she could not see anything. Maybe he was going to
  in the house and take what he wanted and leave, she thought to herself.  
Then she heard the footsteps coming towards her head, it sounded like he
  was dragging something. Before she realized what it was, a blanket fell down
  over her head. The stranger started rapping the blanket around her head. Melody
  panicked, he was going to suffocate her. She started kicking her feet and beating
  her hands on the windows as he wrapped the blanket tighter. He was going to
  suffocate her. She tried screaming into the blanket, but only got a muffled
  scream. As he wrapped the blanket tighter, she became light-headed, and when
  she thought she was going to black out the blanket came off.  
"Aaaahhhhhh" was all she could say as she gasped deeply for her breath. The
  blanket was left hanging off of her head and she couldn't shake it off completely,
  but at least she could breathe. Then she felt the strangers' hand exploring
  her ass again. "Don't do that"; she yelled. This time the scream was muffled
  by the blanket, but it could still be heard. Again the stranger stopped and
  came into the house again. She felt him grab the blanket and began rapping
  it around her head again. "No, please &ndash; I'm sorry, please don't do it
  again"; she begged. Her pleas fell on deaf ears, as the blanket rapped around
  her head.  
This time, however, she noticed that it wasn't quite as tight as before.
  Though harder to breathe, she could still breathe. Melody shuddered as she
  prepared herself for what she thought was going to happen next. "Slaaappp".
  Melody's ass felt as if it were on fire. She screamed into the blanket as loud
  as she could, barely getting more than a muffled cry. Now she knew why he had
  not tied the blanket so tight. It muffled her scream almost completely. The
  pain from her ass and not being able to breathe was already making her light-headed. "Slaaappp" &ndash; as
  the stranger slapped her ass again. "Please &ndash; No more, I'll be good,
  please stop hitting me"; she cried.  
She felt the blanket being loosed from around her head and she gasped as
  cool air rushed back into her lungs. The stranger placed his hands on her ass
  again, this time she didn't object. After he was sure she wasn't going to scream
  again he placed his other hand on her ass and started to caress and squeeze
  her ass cheeks. The stranger slid his hand between her legs and massaged her
  pussy. "Ohhhh"; she moaned. She was really embarrassed, not only was this man
  groping her but she was actually enjoying it. By the time his finger had found
  its way to her clit her panties were already wet.  
She hated to admit it but she was disappointed when the stranger removed
  is hands from between her legs. He grabbed the top of her panties and slowly
  slid them half-way down over her legs. He marveled at the round firmness of
  her ass. He leaned over and kissed her ass and at the same time slid her panties
  down and let them dropped to the floor. He stepped back and got his first good
  luck at her garden. The hair around her pussy was thick and shaved.  
Melody had never felt so helpless in her life. Here she was with her ass
  stuck up in the air and a stranger that was doing whatever he wanted to &ndash; in
  her own house!! She didn't get to think about it long, she jumped as she felt
  the stranger slide his finger into her pussy. He slid it in all the way in
  to his knuckles and then pulled it out slowly, played with her clit and then
  slid it back in. Melody was about to explode with pleasure, she had to do something
  to stop him. She waited until he pulled his finger out and closed her legs
  together tightly, trying to prevent the stranger from having easy access to
  her pussy.  
The stranger knew what she was doing and continued to play with the outside
  of her pussy. All of a sudden he stopped, she let out a sigh of relief, she
  had won &ndash; this time. She listened for him, trying to hear what he was
  doing. Through the blanket she was unsure of what she was hearing, but it sounded
  like he was taking his belt loose. She had prepared herself for this; she would
  rather take a beating then allow him to rape her. She braced herself, ready
  to feel the sting of the belt. It never happened. She heard the strangers'
  footsteps as he went into the house. She strained her ears in an attempt to
  hear what he was doing.  
The stranger went into the kitchen to see what he could find. He found a
  bottle of Cristol' wine, just what he needed. He pulled out the bottle and
  poured a couple of glasses, quickly drinking one of them and filling it up
  again. This stuff was good; he thought. He took the glasses into the room where
  Melody was. As Melody felt him grab the blanket, she thought to herself; "So
  be it, I would rather die then continue on with this night". To her amazement,
  he only wrapped the blanket, so that it covered her eyes and went partly down
  her nose. As she was trying to figure out what he had planned, she felt the
  edge of the wine glass placed to her lips. Realizing that he was trying to
  get her drunk, she closed her mouth tight.  
Again, she was shocked to find out he didn't try to force her. Instead he
  loosely wrapped the blanket back around her head and tied it back so she couldn't
  see again. He went back outside and started kissing and squeezing her ass.
  He ran his finger along her pussy and Melody locked her legs together tightly. "Eiiii";
  she screamed. The stranger had taken the extra glass of wine and poured it
  between the crack of her ass!! The wine was ice cold and she felt the chill
  on her ass-hole, pussy and legs as the wine ran down her legs.  
"Nooooo, please, nooo"; she screamed as she felt him part the cheeks of her
  ass and insert his finger. Virgin asshole, nice and tight, he thought. He had
  always wanted to fuck a woman in the ass and if she wasn't going to make her
  pussy available, he was going to stick his dick deep in her ass. He pulled
  his finger out of her ass and Melody heard a "plooop" sound. Before she could
  say anything, the stranger stepped up behind her, unzipped his pants and placed
  the head of his dick at her asshole and started pushing forward. "Stooppppp,
  it's too big"; she screamed.  
The stranger decided to give her one more chance. He went back into the house
  and placed the glass one wine to Melody's lips. It was an akward position,
  but Melody had soon drunk the entire glass. The stranger filled the glass again
  and placed it to her lips. The wine was having the desired effect. Melody was
  becoming less resistant and more obedient. By the time she had finished the
  second glass, he figured she was ready.  
He went back outside and placed his dick at the entrance to her pussy, this
  time she quickly opened her legs. He wasted no time in pushing his dick into
  her pussy. "Aaaiiiiiyyyyee"; Melody moaned as she felt his dick penetrate her.
  The stranger leaned forward and laid on her back and at the same time he reached
  around in front of her. Riiippppp. He tore her blouse open. Reached in and
  grabbed her and squeezed and pinched her nipples. He couldn't believe it, between
  her tight wet pussy and soft firm tits he was about to explode. He didn't want
  to cum yet, so he lay there massaging her tits.  
Melody wasn't sure if it was the wine or if she was simply horny, but her
  pussy was so hot she wanted to beg him to fuck her. It had been some time since
  she had had a lover and even longer since she had actually been fucked. But
  she couldn't, she couldn't let him know how bad she wanted to be fucked; it
  would be degrading. The stranger kept one hand massaging her tits and moved
  his hand down her body until he found her garden. He reached and stroked the
  base of his dick, marveling at how deep it was buried in her pussy. He moved
  his hands back up to her clit and started rubbing and massaging it. Melodies
  mind was saying no, but when he started massing her clit, her body betrayed
  her. "ooohhhh, aahhhhh, yessss"; she started to moan. She started to move her
  ass around in a circle. Doing what she could to move it back and forth, but
  the window would not allow her to move but so far. The stranger kept his dick
  buried in her pussy, when she tried to move back and forth, he moved with her.
  Forcing her to move her ass in a circle, massaging his dick in her pussy.  
"Pleasssee"; she begged. The stranger paid her no attention. "Fuck meeee &ndash; pleasseeee",
  she begged. Still the stranger kept playing with her clit and moving his hips
  in the opposite direction of her movement. Melody started moving her ass faster
  in an attempt to get more satisfaction out of his cock. When she started to
  move to fast, she received a slap on the side of her ass to slow her down.
  Melody was so hot she was getting mad, bad enough he was raping her, but then
  he had the nerve to tease her. The stranger smiled as he felt her juices running
  out of her pussy and down her legs. Time to take care of business.  
He leaned up and grabbed the cheeks of her ass and pushed them apart, he
  wanted to see his dick buried in her pussy. Melody started to panic, she thought
  he was getting ready to fuck her in the ass. Instead he pulled his dick out
  of her pussy and played with her pussy, putting just the head in and then pulling
  it out. "Stop playing with me and fuck me, you bastard"; she screamed, but
  the stranger just kept on playing with her.  
"Yesssssssssssss"; she moaned as he finally grabbed her hips with both hands
  and slammed his dick all the way inside her. He pulled his dick out about halfway
  and then slammed forward again. Loving the feeling of her ass against his body
  when he slammed into her. "Ooooo yessss, fuck me, fuck me hard"; she moaned.
  He had no problem with obliging her. Melody could feel her orgasm building
  as he slammed into her pussy. "Keep it up &ndash; I'm almost there, I'm ready,
  yes, I'm &hellip;.". All of a sudden he pulled his dick out. "Noooo, don't
  stopppp, pleassee"; she begged.  
The stranger leaned forward and spat into her asshole. "Noooo, I've never
  been fucked in the ass"; she said. The stranger didn't pay her any attention.
  He stuffed his finger into her ass and worked it back and forth. "Please &ndash; it
  hurts"; she moaned. For her discomfort, the stranger took his other hands and
  placed it between her legs and played with her pussy. Melody couldn't believe
  it, her ass was on fire with pain and her pussy was on fire with pleasure.
  She couldn't do nothing but moan and gasp.  
Finally the stranger couldn't take it any longer. He took his finger out
  of her ass, grabbed her by the ass and slammed his dick into her pussy. Slap,
  slap, slap, slap, was all you could hear as he slammed his dick into her pussy
  as hard as he could. "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, move your ass, fuck me, don't
  stop, harder, harder"; she screamed. This time the stranger gave her exactly
  what she asked for as he slammed his dick deep into her pussy.  
Melody could feel it, he had made her suffer, made her wait, but finally
  her orgasm was coming. The stranger was banging her pussy mercilessly now. "Aaaaahhhhhgggg";
  he screamed as he shot his load deep into her pussy. That was all Melody needed. "I'm
  cummminnnggg"; she moaned as she exploded in ecstasy.  
The stranger's dick slowly softened and slid out of her pussy. The stranger
  was cleaning himself up to leave when the phone rang. He looked over to see
  where it was at and make sure that Melody couldn't reach it. Melody's answering
  machine answered the phone.  
Hello, This is Melody. Guest what &ndash; you missed
  me, today is Friday and I left for my vacation. Won't be back for 10 days,
  going to Hawaii. I'll see you when I get back &ndash; Aloha.  
Part III &ndash; The Mask   
He had only intended on fucking her the one time, but after hearing her voice
  mail, he smiled. He had this bitch for 10 days. He might as well enjoy himself.
  Melody was still have dazed, she had never had and orgasm like that. She didn't
  offer much of a fight when she felt the stranger take his belt and tie it around
  her arms. She half wondered why he was tying it around her elbows. She soon
  found out. The stranger pulled the belt tight pulling her elbows close together,
  making her chest stick out. They were tied tight enough so that she couldn't
  move her arms, but not tight enough to cause a lot of pain. Next, she heard
  him go into another rooms and then return into the room where she was stuck.
  Before she could say anything, he stuffed a pair of panties into her mouth
  and then used a scarf or a stocking to tie them in there.  
The stranger stepped back and looked. Besides a couple of "mmmmm, mmmmm",
  she was silent. Melody had been scared before, but now she was really scared.
  She thought he was going to leave her like this, what a horrible way to die;
  she thought. She heard the stranger pick up what sounded like her car keys.
  Her thoughts were confirmed as she heard her car start up and the garage door
  open. After a minute, she realized her fate; he had taken her car and probably
  her money, and then left her here. She tried everything to get out of bonds
  and though her hands were free, she could not do anything.  
After what seemed like an eternity, she heard the garage door opening. Is
  he back; she wondered? She felt the blanket move around her head and then a
  bright light was placed directly in front of her eyes. The light was so bright,
  it blinded her from seeing for a moment. In that moment the stranger took the
  blanket off her head, untied the scarf that held the panties in her mouth and
  placed a mask over her head. The mask came down over her forehead with a metal
  strap that went around to the back of her head. It covered her eyes, but not
  her mouth and nose, went under her chin and fastened in back of her head. There
  was another metal strap that ran from the bottom of the mask to strap at the
  top of her head. To this he fastened a lock.  
The stranger grabbed her by the bottom of her chin and lifter her head. Perfect!
  The mask covered her eyes but kept her mouth free to suck his dick. She should
  be able to breath with no problem and the openings in the mask allowed her
  hair to hang down. Now to have some fun!  
Part IV &ndash; Freedom From the Window   
The stranger raised the window. "Eiyyyyyaaah"; she screamed. Even through
  the gag, her scream was very loud. The stranger jumped away, startled. The
  window had been cutting off her circulation and when he raised the window it
  allowed the blood to flow back into her body. The stranger regained his composure
  and went outside on the deck and pulled the woman to her feet. She was weak
  and could barely stand. He took her in the house and sat her in the chair.
  He poured a glass of wine and offered it to her. This time she quickly drank
  down the glass, both to quench her thirst and to ease the pain in her body.
  The stranger allowed her to sit and rest while he was busy doing other things
  around the house.  
Melody had just started to regain her composure when the stranger came back
  into the room. He went behind Melody and pushed at her back. Melody realized
  that he wanted her to stand, but it was hard for her to get up with her arms
  tied in back of her. Sensing her problem, the stranger reached under her arm
  pits and lifted her up. Melody was amazed at his strength; he had lifted her
  as if she was a rag dog.  
She waited to see what he was going to do next, but he didn't do anything.
  After a minute, she jumped when she felt his hands on her breast. It was then
  that she realized that he had been looking over her body. The belt that was
  holding her elbows together, made her breast stick way out and there was nothing
  she could do about it. She moved away from his hands and the stranger did nothing. "Mmmum
  kudff"; Melody tried to speak through her gag. She could feel his eyes on her
  body and she hated it!! Who did he think he was, treating her like a, a, a
  piece of meat!! Again, the stranger reached out her for breast and again Melody
  pulled away. This time she was greeted with a 'SWAAAP'. "Eyowww"; she screamed.
  Did he just hit her with a switch? As if to answer her question; 'swaaap, swaaap,
  swaaap'. The stranger struck her three more times. Melody was starting to cry,
  she wasn't sure if it was from pain or from humiliation.  
The stranger reached out and touched her breast again. This time Melody did
  not move away. Good; thought the stranger, she's learning. He grabbed Melody's
  arm and pulled her over by the chair. He sat down on the arm of the chair and
  began to run his hands over her entire body. He played with her breast for
  a while, pinching the nipples and then putting them in his mouth and sucking
  on them. His hands were all over her body, squeezing, massaging and feeling
  her. "Mmmmm"; she involuntarily responded when his hand found its way into
  her garden. The stranger played all around her pussy, rubbing the lips outside
  of her pussy and then sticking just the tip of his finger into her pussy. Never
  touching her clit or sticking his finger deep into her pussy. Even so, her
  pussy was soaking wet. The stranger smiled, she was a horny slut just waiting
  to be fucked.  
He turned her around and pushed on her back so that she was slightly bent
  over. He fingered the outside of her anus and Melody started to pull away,
  but a quick 'swaaap' on her ass with the switch quickly reminded her who was
  in control. He took one hand and spread her ass cheeks and took the middle
  finger of his second hand and stuck the tip of it into her ass. Her ass was
  so tight, he couldn't get his finger in further than the tip. Good; he thought;
  virgin ass. He was going to enjoy stretching her asshole open.  
The stranger pulled her so that she stood up straight. Reached around in
  back of her head and took the gag from around her mouth. Soon as Melody felt
  the gag come off she started to scream. That was a mistake. 'Swaaap, Swaap';
  the stranger brought the switch down across her breast. Melody felt a mind-jolting
  pain shoot through her breast and as she opened her mouth to scream, the stranger
  stuffed the gag back into her mouth. He tied the gag back around her head.
  'Swaaap, Swaaap'; the stranger beat her unmercifully across her entire body.
  Melody turned every which way she could trying to avoid the switch. Finally
  she fell to the floor and rolled around as the stranger beat her up and down
  her body.  
Finally, after what felt like an eternity the stranger stopped. He reached
  down and pulled Melody to her feet. She was still crying, her body was on fire,
  when the stranger picked her up. This time when he took the gag off, Melody
  sobbed but she did not say anything. The stranger pulled her over in front
  of him and then pushed on her shoulders, motioning for her to kneel on the
  floor. Once she was down on her knees, the stranger grabbed her by the back
  of the head and pushed her head forward. She felt the tip of his dick against
  her lips. She opened her mouth to receive it, but instead of putting his dick
  in her mouth, he moved the head around her lips, as if he was putting lipstick
  on her lips. Melody closed her mouth, but moaned in pain when the stranger
  pulled her by her hair.  
She quickly opened her mouth back up and the stranger continued his tease.
  He moved from her lips and pushed the head of his dick to her nose. He pushed
  it forward as if he was going to stick it in her nose. "Please don't, I'll
  do anything you want me to, but don't hurt me"; she begged. For this she received
  another shot of pain as the stranger pulled her hair again. The stranger continued
  moving his dick around the parts of her face that wasn't covered by the mask.
  He placed his dick back at the opening to her mouth. When Melody opened her
  mouth, the stranger slid his dick into her mouth. Melody quickly took it in
  and started sucking it, hoping that he would not beat her anymore if she did
  good.  
The stranger pulled his dick out of her mouth, stuck his hand in her mouth
  and pulled her tongue out. Melody was startled by this act, but she left her
  tongue hanging out of mouth. The stranger placed his dick on her tongue and
  Melody ran her tongue across the head and down the shaft of his dick. The stranger
  allowed her to use her tongue to play with his dick for a while before he put
  it back in her mouth. Melody could tell by his movement that he was starting
  to build to a climax. The stranger started pumping his dick in her mouth deeper
  and deeper on each plunge. Melody was choking as he plunged half his dick into
  her mouth.  
His dick was to long, she would never be able to take it all she thought
  to herself. The stranger seemed oblivious to her problem as he pushed his dick
  in deeper. Soon Melody was having problems breathing and starting to gag, the
  stranger paid her no attention. He was really fucking her mouth now and placed
  both hands in back of her head and slammed it back and forth. All of a sudden
  he grabbed her head and slammed his dick all the way into her mouth. Melody
  felt his dick against the tonsils at the back of her mouth. She started to
  turn her head back and forth. He was choking her and worst yet she couldn't
  breath. The stranger didn't seem to be aware of her problems or he didn't care.
  His face was straining as he held her head embedded on his dick while he shot
  his load into the back of her throat. Melody was struggling desperately, doing
  everything she could do to get herself loose. It felt like a bucket of cum
  was being dumped into her throat. She wanted to throw-up, but his dick in her
  throat wouldn't allow it to come out.  
Melody had started to black out when the stranger finally pulled his dick
  out of her mouth. "Huuuhhhh, huuuhhh", was all Melody could say as air rushed
  back into her lungs. As soon as the stranger let go of her head, Melody fell
  to the floor. She tried to fight it, but the entire ordeal had been too much.
  She blacked out.  
Part V - The Slave   
Melody didn't know how long she had slept, but she woke when she felt the
  stranger shaking her. "Huh, wha"; she uttered as the stranger pulled her to
  her feet. As she began to gain consciousness she realized that her arms had
  been untied. The stranger was pulling her by the arm, leading her into the
  bedroom. When he got to the bedroom, he gave a tug on her remaining clothes
  and stepped back. At first Melody wasn't sure what he wanted, but when he tugged
  again, she realized that he wanted her to strip.  
She started to take her clothes off, but the stranger stopped her. He took
  one of her hands and placed it on her breast and placed the other one on a
  piece of her clothing. He slowly moved her hand around on her breast, let go
  and stepped back. Melody couldn't believe it, he wanted her to play with herself
  while she stripped. The stranger could tell she was having second thoughts,
  he placed the switch on her leg and moved it up and down. The touch of the
  switch quickly reminded Melody of the position she was in.  
She slowly caressed her body, squeezing her breast and pinching her nipples.
  After a few minutes she had stripped herself naked and was running out of things
  to do when she felt the switch. Instead of hitting her with it, he used it
  to guide her hands. He led them down in between her legs. Surely, he couldn't
  expect her to do that in front of him! A couple of quick taps with the switch
  answered her question. Melody placed her hands between her legs and started
  to play with her pussy. She fingered her clit. As she played with her clit,
  her pussy started to get wet. She slid her other finger into her pussy. "Ooohhhhh,
  mmmmmm"; she moaned.  
The mask covering her eyes helped her forget that she wasn't alone. She was
  started when she felt the stranger come up behind her, reach around and fondle
  her breast. She had pulled her hands away from her pussy, but he led them back
  to her pussy. She continued to play with her pussy and without realizing what
  she was doing, she grabbed the strangers hand and led it down to her pussy. "Ohhhhh
  yessssss, that feels good"; she moaned as he slid his fingers into her pussy.
  She joined his hand with hers and they both stroked her clit and fingered her
  pussy. Melody couldn't believe the feeling in her body. The feeling of being
  forced to play with herself in front of a stranger while blindfolded was exiting
  her beyond belief. She ground her ass into his crotch and squealed with delight
  when she felt his hard dick press again her ass. The stranger now had both
  hands between her pussy and was fingering her pussy and stroking her clit.
  Melody moved one hand back to her nipples and pinched and squeezed her nipples.
  With the other hand she reached around in back of her and grabbed the strangers'
  dick.  
It felt good to finally be able to put her hands on it. She stroked the head
  of his dick and ran her hands up and down his shaft. She reached between his
  legs and found his balls. She rolled them around in her hands. She reached
  her other hand around her and grabbed his dick. Using both hands she massaged
  his balls and pumped his dick. The stranger couldn't believe how much of a
  slut she was. Melody thought about squeezing his balls and trying to make him
  release her, but in truth, she was starting to enjoy herself. Besides, her
  pussy was so wet she thought she would die if he didn't stick his dick in her. "Fuck
  me, stick your big dig in my tight pussy. Make me cum, let me feel your juices
  flood my pussy"; she moaned.  
The stranger wasted no time in obliging her. He pulled her over to the bed
  and laid her across the bed and raised her legs into the air. She could only
  picture herself. With her legs raised in the air, the stranger was looking
  down at her pussy and her asshole. He wanted to test her virgin ass, but his
  dick was so hard that he knew he wouldn't last. Instead he plunged his dick
  deep into her pussy, burying it all the way to his crotch. "Yesssssssssssss";
  she moaned. With amazing quickness, Melody pulled her legs out of his hands
  and wrapped them around his waist, locking him in a death grip as she slammed
  her pussy onto his dick. She reached her arms around his neck, pulling him
  close to her. She placed her lips on his, kissing him and burying her tongue
  into his mouth.  
She rolled him over onto his back and mounted him. He wasn't prepared for
  this turn of events. He started to change position, when she started grinding
  her pussy on his dick. Dammmmn, he thought to himself, this bitch really knows
  how to move her pussy! She was like a wild animal that had finally been set
  free. She bounced on his dick, raising her pussy off of his dick until the
  tip was right outside of her pussy and then slamming it back down as hard as
  she could.  
It was the strangers turn this time; "unnnnhhhhh"; he moaned as he reached
  up grabbed her by neck and pulled her mouth down on time of his. Her tongue
  went crazy in his mouth, it was as if she was trying to use her tongue to map
  the entire inside of his mouth. Finally he couldn't take it anymore, he reached
  down and grabbed the cheeks of her ass and slammed his dick into her pussy
  like a piston. Slap, slap, slap was all the noise you could hear as the juices
  flowed in her pussy.  
"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I'm cummmmiinng"; she screamed as her orgasm
  took over her entire body. As soon as her orgasm was over the stranger couldn't
  hold back any longer. "Ahhhhhh"; he moaned. When the stranger came, it set
  off another in Melody. It took over her body. She had heard of this, multiple
  orgasms. She never really believed it, thought it was just women talk. But
  here she was one, two, three; three orgasms in a row. Most men fell to make
  her cum once, let along three times!! The stranger rolled her over on her side,
  handcuffed her to the bed and they both fell asleep.  
Part VI - Revenge   
Melody grabbed the stranger and handcuffed him to the bed. Then she tied
  robe around his knees and connected it at the head of the bed and the back
  of the bed. She pulled the rope at the head of the bed that bounds his knees
  tightly, forcing his knees to be pulled up under his chest. She stepped back
  and admired her handwork; Perfect! The only bad thing was she couldn't see
  his face. She admired his body, his strong muscular shoulders. He looked like
  he worked out in the gym frequently. She was a bit perplexed about his skin
  complexion, however. She could not tell what race he was, he was light (almost
  white) at the top, yet his legs and feet looked like he could be Mexican and
  his mid section looked like he could be black! Must be a birth defect she thought.
  Whatever color he was didn't really matter when she saw the size of the shaft
  hanging between his legs. Her juices started to flow when she thought about
  having his dick between her legs.  
The position she had bound the stranger in left him with his ass up in the
  air and his dick dangling between his knees. She was going to make him pay
  for making her suffer. She crawled between his legs and took his dick in her
  mouth. She sucked on it, taking her time to stroke and lick his balls. She
  heard him moan, "Ummmm, that feels good". When the stranger was about to cum,
  she took his dick out of her mouth. She squeezed his dick with her hand, nice
  and hard, just the way she wanted it; now for her revenge. She moved her tongue
  down to his asshole and buried it deep into his ass. "ooohhh, yesssss,"; the
  stranger moaned as Melody stabbed her down in and out of his ass. She removed
  her tongue and buried her finger into his ass, stroking it in and out. The
  stranger was moving his hips in and out with the movement of Melodies finger.
  After a minute she went into the bathroom and got a jar of K-Y Jelly and coated
  his asshole, sticking her finger deep into his ass. 'Umppphh' was all he could
  say as she worked the jelly into his ass. Melody pulled her finger out of his
  ass and grabbed a large strap-on dildo and coated it with K-Y Jelly. She placed
  the head of dildo at the entrance to his ass. "Please Nooo, don't do that.
  I'm sorry for everything I did"; the stranger cried. Melody paid no attention
  to his plea. She pushed her hips forward, shoving the tip of the dildo into
  his ass.  
"Aagghhhh"; the stranger screamed as Melody pushed the dildo into his ass.
  She had never fucked a man in the ass before, but she was enjoying it. "Would
  you like me to stop"; she asked. "Yes, please, I will do anything"; he said.
  Melody pulled the dildo out of his ass and went around in front of the stranger. "I
  will give you a chance to please me and if you do it well then I will lubricate
  your ass and fuck you slowly, if not I will show you no mercy"; she told him. "Thank
  You, I will please you well"; the stranger said.  
"Pleasure my body"; she told him, curious to see what he would do. The strange
  immediately place his lips on hers, giving her a long hot passionate kiss.
  He took her breast in his hands and massaged them, teasing the nipples, never
  squeezing too hard, but enough to excite her. Next, he started kissing the
  fingers of her right hand and proceeded up her arm. He kissed her neck and
  moved across to her other arm, licking, kissing, massaging, stopping every
  now and then to ask her how it feels. "That feels good, move on down my body";
  she told him. He moved to her breast, nibbled on her nipples, be very careful
  to caress and massage her nipples. Melody moaned in pleasure, he was certainly
  good with his tongue.  
The stranger proceeded on down his body and by the time he got to her pussy
  she was ready to slam his face into her pussy. She grabbed his head to move
  it to her pussy and was surprised when the stranger said; "Please mistress,
  let me continue to excite you before I please you". She was a little shocked
  but she turned his head loose and allowed him to continue. The stranger continued
  on down her legs, kissing and nibbling on the inside of her thighs. He made
  his way to her feet and tenderly sucked each toe one by one. He moved over
  to her other foot and did the same thing, working his way back up to her pussy.  
He nibbled at her clit, teasing her, stroking softly and then sucking it
  into his mouth and running his tongue all over it. He spread her pussy and
  buried his tongue as deep as it would go, relishing the taste of her pussy.
  Melody wanted him to continue, but she realized that she was not in control,
  she didn't want that. She pulled his head away and rolled over onto her stomach. "Continue
  to please me"; she told him. The stranger layed on top of her grinding his
  dick onto her ass. "Oooooooohh; that feels good"; she said. The stranger reached
  down and pulled her ass cheeks apart, he laid his dick between the cheeks of
  her ass and continued to grind and massage his dick with her ass. Again, Melody
  was enjoying what he was doing, but she realized he was getting to much pleasure
  from this, plus she still thought it felt like he was in control.  
"Kiss my body"; she ordered him. The stranger as if he was a puppet with
  no mind of his own, immediately started kissing on her neck. He had strong
  hands and he took the time to massage her body, kissing every spot that he
  had massaged. "Eat Me"; she ordered. The stranger stuck his tongue out as far
  as he could in an attempt to get to her pussy. "I can't, you need to move closer";
  he said. "Not my pussy, my ass, put your tongue in my ass"; she ordered.  
Surely she didn't expect him to lick her ass. Before he could say another
  word, Melody reached in back of her, grabbed the stranger by the back of his
  head and slammed his face into her ass. "Lick my ass good, and I will ease
  my dildo into your ass, otherwise I will slam it in with one thrust"; she told
  him. Slowly he stuck his tongue into her ass hole, licking at the entrance. "Deeper!";
  she ordered. The stranger stuck his tongue as deep into her ass as he could.
  Melody couldn't believe how good it felt to have a tongue in her ass. She let
  go of his head and raised her ass higher so that he could get better access
  to her ass. He made his tongue hard and stabbed back and forth into her hole.  
Melody's pussy was dripping wet, the strangers tongue was exciting her beyond
  belief. Melody pulled his head away and took her position behind the stranger. "Are
  you ready to be fucked"; she asked. "No, please don't do this"; he said. Melody
  added extra k-y jelly to her dick and then pushed it into the strangers' asshole. "Aagghhhh;
  please stop, it's too big"; he said. Melody grabbed the man by the hips and
  pushed the dildo in further. When the dildo was halfway in, she started slapping
  him on the ass, hard. "Move your ass, faggot"; she yelled. The stranger started
  moving his ass back and forth. Melody matched his motion, burying the dildo
  deeper into his ass.  
Melody gripped the stranger's hips firmly and with one last big thrust, buried
  the dildo into his ass. "Yeoooowwww", the stranger screamed. Now she knew why
  men like doggy-style, you were in complete control. She started fucking the
  stranger back and forth, slamming his ass like a piston. She leaned forward
  and reached under the stranger, grabbed his dick and started pumping it back
  and forth. As Melody stroked his dick, the stranger couldn't help but to get
  excited. In a few minutes his dick was hard as steel. Melody kept pumping his
  cock, stopping only when she felt like the stranger was ready to cum.  
Melody kept this up for a while. The stranger was begging her; "Pleassssee,
  don't stop. Let me cum". "Would you like to cum, would you like me to jack
  you off"; she asked. "Yessss", pleaded the stranger. "I will let you cum if
  you please me. You do want to please me don't you"; she asked. "Yes", he quickly
  replied. "Good, start out by moving your ass"; she said. The stranger started
  moving his hips back and forth, and side to side. Melody moved in rhythm with
  him. She reached around and grabbed his dick. It was long enough, it might
  work, she thought. She pulled his dick back between his legs and inserted it
  into her pussy. Then she started fucking his ass faster. It was the greatest
  feeling she ever felt, every time she slammed the dildo into his ass, his dick
  slammed into her pussy, it was almost like she was fucking herself.  
The stranger was moaning, "Yes, fuck me, fuck me, slam my ass". Melody was
  glad to oblige him, the faster she fucked him, the better her pussy felt and
  the closer her orgasm reached. Melody started to shake as if someone was jerking
  her body. The dick slamming in her pussy was driving her crazy, she had never
  in her life been able to fuck herself. She was shaking badly now, her bodily
  was trembling. I cumming, I'm cum &hellip;&hellip;. SLAPPPPP, SLAPPPP. "Eyowwww";
  Melody screamed in pain.  
Part VII - The Bath   
Her ass felt like it was on fire. What happened? Melody tried to pull her
  hands down to her ass, but they were chained above her head. She tried to open
  her eyes, but she could not see. As she woke from her sleep, she realized that
  she had been dreaming. She was still handcuffed to the top of the bed and the
  stranger was shaking and pulling on her arms in an attempt to wake her. A dream,
  it had all been a dream, she was still his prisoner, her mask was still on
  and he was still doing whatever he wanted to. Maybe that was why she couldn't
  see his face in the dream she thought.  
The stranger, seeing that her pussy was soaking wet, figured she was having
  a wet dream. He unhandcuffed her, turned her over on her stomach and raised
  her ass in the hair. He buried his dick all the way in her pussy with one thrust,
  making Melody moan in ecstasy. Melody moaned and gasped as he fucked her, his
  dick in her pussy felt so goooooodddd. She would never tell him, but she hoped
  that he kept her as his prisoner forever. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fucccckkkkkk,
  I'm cumming; she screamed as her orgasm shot through her entire body. "Hummmmmph";
  the stranger moaned as he emptied his balls into her pussy.  
Melody was drifting back into sleep, when she felt the stranger pulled his
  dick out of her pussy. He turned her around and slapped the head of his dick
  against her lips. Melody immediately opened her mouth and took his dick into
  her mouth. She had never tasted her own pussy juice. She kind of liked it.
  She licked the entire shaft while she massaged his balls.  
After she had sufficiently cleaned his dick, the stranger got up and left
  her on the bed. After a few minuts he came back, grabbed her by the arm and
  pulled her into the bathroom. Melody was nervous and yet excited, wondering
  what he had in store for her next. The stranger led her by the arm and had
  her step into the tub. Melody was surprised to find a tub with warm water and
  bubbles. The stranger made her sit down and then he took her hand and placed
  one on a glass of wine and the other on soap. Then he left her in the bathroom.  
Melody took this time to try and pull the mask off her face. "Uggghhh"; she
  gasped in pain. The mask had little needles inside of it. If she tried to take
  it off, it only caused her pain. She left the mask along, laid back in the
  water and enjoyed the bath.  
Melody sat up in the tub, she had drifted off to sleep. She grabbed the soap
  and started to clean her body. She was surprised to feel herself starting to
  get excited as she bathed her body. She laid back in the tub and took her hands
  and massaged her breast, then she slid her hand down between her legs and stroked
  her pussy. "Ooooo"; she moaned, as she slid a finger into her pussy. She stroked
  her pussy for a while and then moved her finger to her clit and rubbed and
  massaged it between her fingers. She was building up to an orgasm when she
  bolted straight up in the tub. She heard something move in the water.  
She jumped when she felt the strangers hand on her breast. He had been watching
  her the entire time, how embarrassing! The stranger continued to massage her
  breast with one hand and with the other he guided his dick to her mouth. Melody
  took his dick in her mouth. The stranger pushed it in until the entire length
  was in her mouth. Melody held her breath, she had learned how to take his entire
  length, but it involved her not breathing. She found that if she relaxed she
  could actually hold her breath while she used her tongue to massage his dick
  while it was in her mouth. The stranger pulled his dick back out of her mouth
  and held it in front of her lips. She licked up and down his shaft, taking
  his balls into her mouth, she sucked them one at a time.  
The stranger pulled her by her arms motioning for her to stand up. He gave
  Melody the soap and placed her hand on his chest. Melody used the soap to lather
  his body and then used her hands to bathe him. It was the first time she had
  to actually feel his body. It was pretty much as she had imagined. He had big
  strong shoulders with big arms. She moved her hands to his mid-section and
  was impressed with his six-pack. She moved on down his body feeling the muscles
  in his legs. She took his cock into her hands and massaged and cleaned it all
  at the same time. Then she moved down to her feet and cleaned each toe individually.  
The stranger placed a shower head in her hand, she took it and sprayed off
  his entire body, taking time to suck his cock while she was cleaning his balls.
  After she cleaned his entire body, she stood up and kissed the stranger while
  pressing her body into his. The stranger kissed her passionately, reached around
  and cupped her ass while letting his tongue roam inside of her mouth. He pulled
  away and placed the soap back into her hands. When she went to clean his body
  again, she was surprised to find out that he had turned around. She started
  to wash his body again, starting at his massive shoulders and working her way
  around his body. She stopped at his ass, squeezing his cheeks, she was amazed
  at how hard his ass was. She finished bathing him and took the shower head
  and rinsed him off.  
The stranger grabbed her and pressed her up against the wall. He took the
  soap and started cleaning her body. He took his time, massaging her fingers
  and breast. He played with her belly button and then moved his fingers down
  to her pussy. He played all around her pussy, but never touched her pussy.
  He continued down her body massaging her legs and feet. He turned around and
  continued to massage and clean her back side. He parted her cheeks and slid
  his finger into her asshole and massaged her ass. Next he took the shower head
  and rinsed her entire body.  
The stranger handed Melody a towel as they stepped out of the tub. Melody
  took the towel and proceeded to dry her body. The stranger grabbed her hand
  and moved it to his body, he wanted her to dry his body. Melody dried his body
  and stood back, she was expecting him to dry hers'. Instead the stranger handed
  her the towel and left the room. Melody dried herself and waited for his return.
  When the stranger returned, he grabbed Melody's hand and pulled her over to
  the bed. He pushed her on her back indicating that he wanted her to lie down
  on the bed. Melody flinched as she felt something cold being poured on her
  back.  
The stranger poured oil down her back and started massaging it into her body.
  Melody moaned, the oil that had been cold quickly got hot. Between the strangers
  hands and the oil Melody felt her pussy getting hot, she was ready to be fucked;
  again! The stranger turned Melody over and proceeded to massage the front of
  her body. He massaged and licked her breasts while he ran his hands over any
  part of her body he could touch without touching her pussy. He kissed down
  her body and grabbed both her legs and held them apart. He lowered his head
  between her legs and started to eat her pussy. "Yes, yess, ohhhhh, yess; that
  feels so good"; Melody moaned.  
The stranger lowered her legs and turned around and mounted her. Her pussy
  was so wet, his cock slid all the way into her pussy with one thrust. Instead
  of fucking her, he ground his hips around in a circle while he planted his
  lips on hers. Melody's pussy was hot, she didn't want foreplay she wanted to
  fuck. She tried to arch her hips so that she could slam her pussy onto his
  cock, he was too heavy and couldn't move him. She reached down and tried to
  grab his ass, but the oil on her hands made him too slippery. She was completely
  at his mercy, all she could do was lay under him and moan as he ground his
  dick into her pussy.  
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the Stranger raised himself
  up and started slamming his hips between her legs. "Yess, that's what I need,
  fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeee"; she screamed as her orgasm took over her body. "Ummmpff,
  Ummpppppppffff"; the stranger moaned as he shot his load into her pussy. They
  both came together and then fell on top of the bed, with the stranger laying
  on top of her. Melody could barely breathe from his weight, but she layed there
  and did not complaint. After a few minutes the stranger rolled off of her,
  turned her around so that her back was facing him. He pulled her close to him,
  wrapped his arms around her and drifted off to sleep. Melody soon followed.  
Part VIII - The Bitch   
The stranger woke after a couple of hours and then he reached down and woke
  Melody up. He pulled her back into the bath room and gave her a rag with soap
  on it. She took the rag and cleaned his cock, then cleaned her pussy. At least
  he was a clean person she thought. After they finished the stranger walked
  back into the bedroom with Melody following behind him. He handed Melody his
  clothes and she proceeded to dress him. Was he done? Was he finally going to
  release her? Melody was not sure if she should be happy or sad.  
When she completed dressing him, the stranger grabbed her by the hand and
  pulled her to the back of the bed. He pulled her arms in back of her and Melody
  heard the "Click" of handcuffs being locked behind her. "You don't have to
  do this, I won't tell"; she said. For her comment, she received a hard slap
  on the ass; 'Slaaapppp'. She screamed in pain; he was not going to have her
  telling him what he could and could not do. She felt him placed a chain around
  her neck and then felt a tug as he attached it to a chain that was connected
  at the back of the bed. He placed handcuffs around each of her ankles and spread
  her legs, hooking the cuffs to bed posts. He pulled the chain that was around
  her neck, this made her lay down on the bed and did not allow much movement.  
He stepped back and admired his work, she was spread eagle on her stomach,
  with her pussy and her ass showing. He couldn't resist, he reached between
  her legs and stroked her pussy. "Oooooh"; Melody moaned. Even in this position
  her pussy would not lie, she was already wet. The stranger removed his finger
  from her pussy and stuffed it in her mouth. She licked her pussy juice off
  of his fingers. He removed his finger and stuffed a pair of panties into her
  mouth, using a nylon stocking to tie around her mouth to keep the panties in.  
"Yeoowmmuu"; melody yelled in the gag as the stranger slapped her on her
  ass. The stranger left the house, leaving her tied up. Melody heard her car
  engine start. He was taking her car!! Now she wished that she hadn't had her
  windows tinted. People would see her car going down the street and think it
  was her, not realizing that she was trapped at home and needed help.  
After what seemed like an eternity, Melody heard the garage door opening.
  He was back. Melody heard him as he walked into the room. He walked straight
  over to her and put his hand between her legs to see if she was still wet.
  Melody didn't disappoint him, her pussy was soaking wet. The stranger smiled.
  He released her from her handcuffs. Her wrist were extremely sore from being
  handcuffed for so long, she was glad to have them loose, however the chain
  around her neck and ankles still held her securely bound on the bed. She felt
  the strangers' hands on her ass, rubbing warm oil on her. But something was
  different; his hands didn't feel the same. Wait!&hellip; that wasn't the strangers
  hands, they were too soft! They felt like a woman's hands!!  
Melody started to set up, but the chain around her neck kept her in place.
  With her legs spread apart she couldn't do too much. The woman's hands continued
  to rub and caress her ass. "Hmmmmh"; Melody moaned as the lady slid her middle
  finger into her ass. She pumped her finger back in forth in her ass and then
  pulled it out and inserted it into her pussy. "Oooohhh, that feels goooood";
  Melody moaned. She wasn't sure if she was just horny or if it was the thought
  of a woman raping her that turned her on, but either way her pussy was soaking
  wet and the women's finger was driving her crazy.  
Melody felt the woman climbing on the bed and she wondered what she was going
  to do next. She didn't have to wait long. The woman removed the gag from Melody's
  mouth. The woman positioned herself between Melodies legs and lowered her body
  onto Melodies. She had taken the time to oil her entire body and Melody couldn't
  believe how good it felt as the woman ground her pussy on her ass. She grabbed
  Melodies arms and pulled them down. At first Melody could not tell what the
  woman wanted, until she pressed her elbows until they were under her body.
  Melody rested on her elbows holding her head up in the air.  
The woman continued to grind her hips, bringing moans and sighs of pleasure
  from Melody. Melody found out why she wanted her rested on her elbows. The
  woman reached around and grabbed her breast and massaged them in her hands,
  delicately teasing her nipples. "Oh shiiittttt, I can take this, please let
  me cum, pleasseee"; she begged. "Shut up and be patient bitch"; the woman said.
  Melody was startled, the stranger had never spoken to her and she had gotten
  use to it. She wasn't sure what to do when the woman actually spoke to her.
  She decided to go along, besides she was enjoying her touch.  
The woman started talking to her; "Do you like it bitch, do you like what
  I am doing?"; she asked. She didn't like the woman calling her a bitch and
  didn't want to say anything. "Yeooooowww"; she screamed in pain. The woman
  had her nipples between her fingers and pinched them &hellip;. hard. "Bitch,
  I asked you a question and when I ask you a question you better answer. Do
  you understand?" "Yes!!"; Melody screamed out as the pain shot through her
  breast. 'That's yes Mistress'; she said. "Yessss Mistress"' Melody screamed.  
"Do you like it bitch?"; she asked again. "Yes"; she whispered in a low voice,
  ashamed that she had to answer the lady. "Yeoowwwwooww"; Melody screamed, as
  the woman pinched her nipples harder than she did the last time. "I can tell
  you like pain, now I asked you, do you like it Bitch"; she asked as she pinched
  Melodies nipples again. "Yesssssss, yessss, oh please, yes Mistress, I like
  it"; she screamed. The woman smiled, this was coming along perfectly  
The woman let go of Melodies nipples and continued to massage her breast.
  As bad as Melodies breast had been hurting, the women's hand quickly massaged
  away the pain. In no time, she had completely forgotten about the pain as her
  body reacted to the pleasure of the women's hands.  
She was ready to cum when the women stopped and get off of her. Melody humped
  her ass in the sky, trying to find the woman's body. "Pleasure yourself for
  me"; the woman told her. Melody was completely embarrassed; she had never touched
  herself in front of a man, let alone in front of a woman. She hesitated for
  a second but when she heard the woman move in back of her she quickly placed
  her hands between her legs and started playing with her pussy. She did not
  want to be punished.  
After a few minutes, she forgot all about the woman, as her hands brought
  her near to climax. She stuck two fingers into her pussy and used her other
  to feverously stroking her clit. She ground her pussy into her hand and was
  moaning passionately. She jumped when she felt the woman climb onto the bed
  again. She started to take her hands from her pussy, but the stranger stopped
  her. The woman had Melody continue to rub her clit. This position did two things,
  it kept Melody playing with her pussy, but more importantly it kept her ass
  up in the air.  
The woman moved between Melodies legs and grabbed her hips. "Wha .. What
  are you doing?" With one hard thrust the women slammed her hips forward. "Yeooooowww";
  Melody screamed. The woman had strapped on a large dildo and slammed it all
  the way into Melodies pussy with one thurst!! "You're hurting mee, please stop";
  Meldoy screamed. But the woman paid no attention to Melodies plea. While the
  woman was slamming her pussy she felt the stranger grab her ankles and remove
  the handcuffs.  
She was glad to get her ankles free and immediately raised up higher on her
  knees, thinking this might make the fucking the woman was giving her less painful.
  How wrong she was!! This only raised her ass higher in the air and gave the
  woman more control of her ass. "Pleasseeees stoppp, you're hurting me"; she
  cried. Too Melodies surprise, the woman stopped. She pushed on Melodies back
  and leaned forward, indicating that she wanted Melody to lay flat on her stomach.
  Melody complied. The woman laid on top of her slowly grinding the dildo in
  her pussy.  
Melody couldn't believe the difference in the way the dildo felt. It seemed
  to come alive in her pussy as the lady ground her pussy into Melody's ass. "Ohhhhhhh,
  yessss, that feels soooooooo good"; she moaned. "Would you like for me to give
  you more pleasure, would you like to cum"; she said to Melody. Melody hesitated
  with her reply, not sure what to say to the woman. The woman immediately started
  slamming her dildo into Melody again. "Nooo, pllleasse, I'll do whatever you
  want"; Melody cried. That's better, now I want you to talk dirty to me and
  if I like what you are saying, I'll give you pleasure like you have never experienced
  in your life, but if I am disappointed, I'll slam my cock into your ass the
  same way I am fucking your pussy. Do you understand? "Yes"; Melody replied.
  Oh yeah, you will also end each line with Mistress, understand? Again, Melody
  replied "Yes".  
The woman immediately started slamming her pussy &ndash; hard. Melody wasn't
  sure why the change and then she remembered. "I'm sorry Mistress &ndash; please
  give your bitch another try mistress"; she begged. That's better bitch, glad
  to see you learn quickly, now tell me what you are to me; she ordered.  
"I am your bitch, mistress". I am going to give you one more chance, you
  don't want to disappoint me again, now tell me what you are to me; she ordered.
  Melody's mine was reeling, she was scared, this lady was totally different
  than the stranger, she wasn't sure what she wanted. She felt the lady moving
  behind her and she knew she had to say something.  
I am your black fuck bitch. I loved having your fuck my pussy and I live
  to be fucked by you. Please Mistress fuck my pussy and show your fuck slut
  how a real mistress fucks her toy. Hmmmm, not bad for beginners, I think that
  deserves a small reward; the woman said. With that she raised her hips and
  slowly slid the dildo back into Melodies pussy and at the same time she gyrated
  her hips. "Ohhhhhh, yesssss, fuck meee, Mistress, please don't stop; Melody
  pleaded.  
Melody had never been fucked like this in her life. She would never have
  believed that a woman could cause her such pleasure. She was so hot she didn't
  care who the woman was, as long as she kept doing what she was doing.  
The woman did not disappoint her. She eased the dildo into her pussy deeper
  and deeper. Once it was all the way in her pussy, she raised her hips slightly
  and then slammed the dildo back into her pussy. Melodies pussy was on fire,
  she felt like she would black out if the woman didn't let her cum soon. Sensing
  that Melody was ready to cum, she pulled the dildo out. "Noooooo, please, I
  need to cum, please don't stop mistress"; she pleaded. Immediately she felt
  the dildo being placed back into her pussy, but it felt different. Then she
  realized it was the stranger. His dick wasn't as long as the dildo, but it
  made up for it in width.  
The stranger shoved his dick all the way in her pussy and ground his crotch
  into her ass. Hot as Melodies pussy was she was glad to have anything stuffed
  in it. She started to pant and grown as her climax started to build again.
  Then she felt something in front of her. When she opened her eyes, the woman's
  pussy was staring her dead in the face. She tried to look up at the woman,
  but the woman had her by the hair at the back of her head. She pulled her hair,
  forcing Melody down to her pussy. "Get busy slut, and I better cum before you
  do"; she told her.  
Melody couldn't believe, she actually expected her to eat her pussy. "Noooo,
  I cann't"; she said as she pulled her head away. If this bitch doesn't eat
  my pussy, I want you to stuff your dick up her ass; she told the stranger.
  The stranger pulled his dick out of Melody's pussy and placed it at the entrance
  of her asshole. He started pushing forward, forcing the tip of his dick into
  her ass. "Ahhhh, nooo, it's too big"; she moaned.  
The stranger paid her no attention and continued to press forward. Melody
  felt like her ass was splitting apart. You better eat soon bitch, he only has
  the tip in! Melody knew the woman was right, she couldn't take his entire dick.
  She lowered her head to the woman's pussy and stuck out her tongue to lick
  the woman's pussy. The woman placed both hands on the back of her head and
  forced it into her pussy. I said eat bitch, not play!!  
Melody felt like she was about to choke as the woman ground her pussy into
  her face, but at least the stranger had removed the dildo from her ass and
  placed it back into her pussy. As he started fucking her Melody forgot that
  she was not supposed to enjoy eating pussy. As she started to near her climax
  she forgot about the woman until she heard the woman screaming as her climax
  came. Melody eagerly lapped up the woman's juices. She was on the edge of her
  climax and didn't want anything to stop it. Just when she was ready to cum
  the stranger pulled his dick out.  
Noooooo, not again she thought. Then she felt a blindfold being placed around
  her eyes. She wondered what was going on now. Next thing the woman was pushing
  her. She soon realized why, the stranger was lying on his back and Melody was
  positioned to straddle his dick. She eagerly did so, glad to be in control.
  She eased his dick into her pussy and then placed her hands on his chest, raised
  her hips and slammed his dick back into her pussy.  
She was getting into a rhythm when she felt the stranger reach up and grab
  her tits, he pulled on them until Melody was laying down on top of him with
  her tits pressed onto his chest. This was ok for Melody, it allowed her pussy
  to be stuffed while her clit was being massaged. Then she felt something being
  poured onto her ass. She wasn't sure what it was at first until she felt the
  woman's hands on her ass, massaging her cheeks. She moaned when the woman eased
  a finger into her ass.  
Too her surprise, it did not hurt at all, in fact it felt kind of
    good. She soon began to pick up a rhythm. The woman would pull her finger
    out when she slammed forward onto the strangers cock and then stick it in
    deep when she raised her ass. The sensation was driving Melody crazy and
    she was completely shocked when the woman removed her finger. Before she
    could figure out what was going on, the woman was in back of her.  
"Ohhhhh, noooooo"; Melody moaned as the woman pressed the dildo into her ass. "Just
keep moving your ass and this won't hurt, if you stop I'll slam it all the way
in"; the stranger told her.   
Melody kept gyrating her pussy on the strangers cock and as she did so the
  woman ground her dildo into her pussy. Before Melody knew it the woman had
  the entire dildo stuffed in her ass and her and the stranger worked in unison
  stuffing her pussy and ass. Melody couldn't believe the sensation. She screamed
  and moaned as they fucked her. Then she felt both of them picking up the pace
  and they began to pound her harder and harder. "Yess, yess, yess, please, yessssss,
  fuck my ass mistress, please don't stop, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee";
  she screamed as a much waited for orgasm rocked her body.  
The stranger and the woman didn't stop they kept pounding her even after
  she came and Melody felt herself building up to another orgasm.  
"Aiiiieeeeeee"; she screamed as she felt the second orgasm take over her
  body. This time the stranger couldn't hold back himself, he shot his load into
  her pussy.. The woman slammed the dildo into Melody's ass one last time and
  held it there and ground her hips into Melody's ass, this seemed to stuff the
  strangers cock deeper into Melodies pussy. She couldn't take it any more, her
  head was spinning, she passed out on the bed, with a dick buried in her pussy
  and dildo buried in her ass.  
When she woke hours later, the blindfold was off of her face. Her ass felt
  funny and she reached around to feel the dildo still stuffed in her ass. She
  started to pull it out but didn't want to make the woman made. She got up and
  walked around the house looking for them, but they were gone. On the table
  there was a typed message:  
Thanks for the fuck, let me know the next time
  you take a vacation and maybe we will give you a return visit.  
Signed  
 
  The Stranger   
Melody couldn't believe it. They were gone. As she sat on the couch with
  the letter in her hand, she wondered how she would let them know when she was
  on vacation.  
The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Boomer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





